OBAID ALVI
Richardson, TX
972-***-****
ad03zs@r.postjobfree.com

Highlights:
Excellent experience of inArchitecture, Product Manager and building products in new technologies, ITIL certified, 8 + years in, Data. DevOps, solution architect and 12+ years in CLOUD, M&A and AWS solutions, CLOUD Migration, CI/CD, Data, Data Analytics, Apache Architecture& CLOUD Practices. 10 + years in Digital transformation and Migration, Ansible, Digital Migration, Multi-Cloud, GCP, AZURE,and has managed and architected several projects ranging from $19MM to $68M, 6 + years in Left shift, with VOIP, VNF,VMware, KVM, NW,Big Data, Hadoop, Azure, 2 + years in Dockers and Kubernetes, MicroServices,AZURE,Resilience Architecture,Collaborated with Quality Engineering and System Architects, AWS, Jenkins, BASH, Chef, Agile, and several Solution Architecture projects,. As Innovative and aggressive Architect, BI and Data leader and strategist, IT executive, Business leader and revenue generator, increased revenue from $2M to $200M in 4 years. Excellent communication skills and go to guy for client solutions with expertise in asking client the right technology & business questions, communicating and satisfying C-level executives in their pursuits, preparing SOWs & RFPs for them I have turned around several companies as industry leaders and turned the departments from loss into profit centers. Lead technical teams to deliver the next generation of Information platforms, BI, EDW, Self-Servicing BI, Big Data, Hadoop, Business Analytics, also managed Dev, UAT, and Prod from Data, Data Analytics, Apache perspective. Has also created OneCloud environment using OpenStack, and nearly used all the modules. SME on disaster recovery, auto-scaling and auto-healing. He has worked on Docker for about 2+ years and has used Dockers with AWS, specialize in containers management. He managed multi-data center architectures including replication and managing framework and automation with very hands-on AGILEand Cloud architecture, with Pipeline, Jenkins, Cassandra, Python,chef and networking. Managed framework and automation with VM creation and support. He holds good experience of 6+ years on VOIP/Technical/Solution Architecture, VMware and has created VM, Managed VM, vCloud, vSphere, etc., several projects since 2005. Has worked on Development and technical Architecture extensively and been Managed CLOUD environments in, Implemented technical Architecture for companies. . Lead technical teams of AWS, AZURE, GCP, Big Data, Hadoop, to deliver the next generation of Information platforms, BI, EDW, Self-Servicing BI, Data, Data Analytics, Apache, Data Analytics, ML, AI, Event Streaming, APACHE Flink/Pinot, etc
Education
TEXAS A&M (COMMERCE, TX) - M.S., Computer Science – 1992
New Technologies: Zero Trust, Specialist IAM, G911, Mobility, AIOps, NWaaS, ITOM, Generative AI, DXC SW
Certification: AWS Professional (sol Ach), ITIL, PE, .NET
Technical Skills
Solution& Technical Architecture, DevOps o Enterprise and Infrastructure Architecture, MicroServices, Big Data
Big Data, Data solutions, Hadoop, Data Analytics o Infrastructure, Computer Operations, NW Services, Data Analytics and PM
Infrastructure Management, IaaS, PaaS o Application Development, BASH, Data, Data Analytics, Apache
Digital Ecosystem, IoT, OpenStack, AWS o kubernetes, Digital Migration, Multi-Cloud, GCP, AZURE, CI/CD BASH
Java, IoT, Beyond Digital,Agile, Scrum, NW o End to endArchitecture,DR, auto-scaling and auto-healing concepts.
IaaS, technology & Storage solutions, VNF o Moving, Upgrading, Data Center, JAVA, SOA, GIT, Big Data, CI/CD
Customer, network operations, Data Center oNW, SLB, F5, Resilience, SaaS, DevOps, Fuel, Ansible, Hadoop
Event Streaming, Apache Flink/Pinot o Application, System Development & Integration, OSS/BSS, Mobility
Managed local & international IT shops o Integration, Transformation, Mobility, VOIP, vRA/vRO, AZURE.
Deployment, monitoring,DevOps Solutions o Software Design, Architecture, Development, Testing, Review
Data Center Management, ITIL Process oDocker, ALM, CI/CD/CT, SCM, VNF, Diameter, Code Integration
VOIP, VNF, NW, LAN, CISCO, Agile o Security Solution Architecture, Resilience architecture, Left Shift
SNMP, HTTP, SOAP, Healthcare, Kafka o NWaaS, JMS, SDN, Contrail, DevOps Tools, Git, Ansible, Puppet
Budget Control, PM, SW development o Capacity planning, Storage, EMC, IBM, NetApp, HP, Healthcare
System, Dev, UAT, and Prod environment o Architecture, Load Balancer, Data, Data Analytics, Apache & Python
Cost control, P&L, Service Validation, SDN o Dockers, SFDC, vCLOUD, Dockers and Kubernetes, DevOps Tools
Solution Architect, Analytics, Visualization o Private and Public CLOUD Computing, Multi-Cloud, Python, IoT
Integration, Transformation, Data, Apache o Service Delivery &disaster recovery, auto-scaling and auto-healing

Professional Experience
Computal International (Dallas, TX) July 2009 –Present
Executive professional and Architect/CLOUD
Provided for fortune 500 companies the Solution, Data, Data Analytics, Apache, transformation and Migration, Architecture, CLOUD, Product Managementimplemented DevOps, BuiltDevelop internal tools and infrastructure services vision, enables innovation and seeks to leverage IT trends that can create business value consistent with the company’s requirements and expectations and developed of enterprise standards and technology architecture, OpenStackand the IT operations, maintenance, Performance, End to End infrastructure/Solution Architect, governance process, Ansible, Digital Migration, Multi-Cloud, GCP, AZURE, chains across the technology domain
Worked with development and Data, Data Analytics, Apache teams and business units on the integration of tools, APACHE Flink/Pinot, Jira, Docker, Kubernettes, Git & automation, operations tools, automation techniques and CLOUD tools (AWS, Azure) & automation and Big Data Transformation with Hadoop and Analytics
Used Agile to manage Data, Data Analytics, Apache Project, deployed AWS environments for Data Sharing, Application Development, end to end CICD pipeline process for the promotion of code from Dev to Test/QA to Production,designing operations, governance, monitoring and logging capabilities with highly availability, scalability, self-healing. MONGODB, CI/CDand Git, Docker, Kubernetes, Big Data, Hadoop, AWS and AZURE as well as GCP
Responsible for CLOUD, Managed and hands-on implementation of Data, Data Analytics, Apache of CLOUD 13000 clients for Solution Architecture, Ansible, Scripting, OpenStack and VNF, Security, VM issues, VNF, VM creation and DR as OpenStack architect, AZURE & Azure setup, Data, Data Analytics, Apache, LCP/DCP, UI Development, vCLOUD, VMware, AWS, Ansible, Dockers and Kubernetes,CI/CD, Security and demonstrated excellence in IaaS, PaaS, SaaS, VoIP, Python,Big Data, Hadoop and best practices of and tools like Git, Jenkins, Perl, Shell Scripting, Remedy, fuel, Chef and Technical Architecture
Subject-matter expert company products, gathered, analyzed, and provided feedback to developers regarding the status of various IT systems, automated repetitive tasks and responded to and resolve production issuesand advanced system administration functions, Jenkins, BASH, Data, Data Analytics, Apache Practices and Resilience Ansible, Agile.
Demonstrated expertise in the Hadoop ecosystem, utilizing components like HDFS, MapReduce, Hive, and Spark., utilized Pig and Hive for data processing and querying, optimizing performance and resource utilization.
Experience in Assessing requests and provide solutions, Service Validation team to define the test strategy, related with VOIP, VNF, NW, perform POC, DevOps, SFDC, Big Data, EMR,Hadoop, CI/CD scripting, build competitive advantages and created efficiencies and level of involvement in terms of people, process, and technology considering infrastructure, licenses, development, support and managed RFI/RFP, VNF, Data, Data Analytics, Apache, Dockers, Resilience architecture, Jenkins, integration tools, Git, Selenium, Puppet, ANSIBLE,Dockers and Kubernetes etc.
Created end-to-end big data solutions, integrating Hadoop with other technologies for insightful data analysis. and Solution Architect for 30 months for Telecom giant, Healthcare, involving with all aspects of NW, VOIP (SIP), Telephony, CLOUD transformation and Migration and CTI, CLOUD, AAA,VNF, OpenStack,SDN, Network, SFDC, Dockers, Compute, Fuel, Operations, HP, MOPS, etc, Hands-on technical depth of technologies and, and automate the deployment of the environment and participation for complex infrastructure implementation, system upgrades and operational troubleshooting for delivery of 24/7 service operations, PCI protocols and KPI compliance
Managed Data, Data Analytics, Apache solutions for multi-data center architectures including replication, and managing framework and automation with very hands-on Linux, Cloud architecture OpenStack, Kubernete, Docker, Cloud, Consul, Cassandra, chef and NW. Also Managed Kafka and automation with VM creation and support
Made guidelines for selecting the appropriate cloud technology, MicroServices, Digital Transformation, Data, Data Analytics, Apache, including DevOps, SonarQube, uDeploy, Jira, Maven, Docker, Kubernettes and Data Services and private cloud offerings andwork with multiple internal and external teams in order to best define approaches, technologies and systems in order to ensure quick implementation and delivery of cloud offerings, Dockers and PaaS Development and disaster recovery, auto-scaling and auto-healing and Ansible, Digital Migration, Multi-Cloud, GCP, AZURE, CI/CD
Worked with CLOUD Computing and OpenStack, AZURE &VNF, UI Development, SDN with DevOps mentality, Virtual Cloud Platform for the implementation and operation of all technology infrastructure and OpenStack, Tomcat, vCLOUD, vREALIZE, vSPHERE, Ansible, Dockers and Kubernetes, infrastructure, SFDC, Architecture, Application Development, deployed for the internal systems and managed the contracts with all of our infrastructure outsourcing partners that include security, data center, NW, server services, telephony, service monitoring, user support and Development (JAVA, C# in .NET) also Git, Docker, Kubernetes and AZURE as well as GCP
Managed architecture, VOIP, VNF, NW, development, Performance, Networking, Load Balancing, and system level design and integration for computing, data storage, data retention and recovery needs of business-critical applications and functions and management of Storage, DevOps, Security, Solaris corporate CLOUD and Python
Managed large scope Application engineering/Data efforts from cradle to grave and designed, built, architect and managed a cloud environmentfor a company with 1300 CLOUD clients. Re-engineered existing CLOUD environment with Mirantis OpenStack, End to End infrastructure/Solution Architect, Dockers, SFDC & vCLOUD. Wrote script to automate the deployment of the Application environment. Introduced concept of Big Data, Hadoop to company
Experience providing infrastructure services vision, DevOps, enabling innovation and seeking to leverage IT, managed operations or delivery in 24-by-7 multi-center environment, created IT strategy and roadmaps and translating them into action plans and adoption of architecture engagement models and best practices, advising or training Development and Project teams with excellent vendor and contractor management an Service Validation team to define the test strategy
Configured Kafka Streams for real-time data processing and transformations.
Managed company infrastructure architecture and technology, Technical Architecture. Lead and manage the operations and maintenance of CLOUD technology with OpenStack services. Data center and infra for companies like VZW, AA, etc. Managed the overall architecture and participate migration, Technology Transformation, Refresh guidance in on-call activities. Demonstrated excellence in IaaS, PaaS, SaaS, DNSaaS, transition/Transformation to CLOUD, OpenStack, PCI protocols, AWS, SAP, DevOps, vCLOUD, SFDC, NW operations, Performance, VM, virtualization. My current market thinking, resulting in increase revenue in Millions and Service Validation team.
Demonstrated experience developing, deploying, and implementing a commercial enterprise performance and capacity monitoring system, developed system integration and automation capability to improve operational response time and accuracy in diagnosing and resolving issues and DevOps, Dockers, Resilience architecture, Jenkins.
Expert in CLOUD, OpenStack Data Center Build & Migration, Dockers, Fuel, Transformation with Hosting and Performance.
Design and execute data models to support reporting and analytics, ensuring data accuracy and integrity.
Developed & maintained the infrastructure for SaaS, SW development, project scope & plans, milestones, timelines, resources assignment, cost & time, estimates, using earned value analysis, and revenue growth to 700%. In charge of NW management andNW strategy, NW technology vision, direction setting and Service Validation team to define the test strategy and automation and monitoring tools.
UtilizeSQL in conjunction with Hadoop and Spark for data integration and analysis across different platforms.
Implement Architecture and DevOps, SFDC, Agile best practices,Python,standards, operational efficiencies, operational processes and tools to deliver a highly available, highly scalable, highly reliable environment.
Established plans to execute the technology vision, identified and implement opportunities for efficient operations, Transformation and experience in leading a solutions team and creating the initial solution blueprint based on the clients' requirements for design of vNF, LCP & DCP, DR & Fault Tolerance

TotalityCorp. - (DALLAS, TX) Mar2006 - Jul2009
Lead Solution Architect and DevOps Professional/ Cloud
Managed and implemented large scale development products, DeVOps and architecture projects with Technology Solution integration, transformation and validation. Responsible for migration, End to End infrastructure/Solution Architect and Continuous review of migration activities Technology Transformation and Validating Proposals and project plans, used AGLE to implementdefined solutions, DevOps,Containers, Jenkins, Maven, API Gatewayand code refactoring as well as resilience architecture.
As the head of our architecture, plan 5 years roadmap, with event driven, micro service architectures and worked with the development team to ensure the product is implemented to the design and guided the technical growth of the development/Products/DevOps team and Jenkins, SonarQube, uDeploy, Jira, JaCoCo, Maven, Docker, Kubernettes
Strong understandingand hands-on implementation of DevOps of business processes and IT systems and Windows and Linux operating systems, Python and Java and scripting knowledge, IoT Tools, PM and Security, DevOps, AWS& CLOUDmigration and new setup
Managed multi-data center architectures including replication, and managing framework and automation with very hands-on Linux, Cloud architecture, Cloud, Consul, Security, Cassandra, chef and networking. Managed framework and automation with VM creation and support, vRA/vRO
Managed Service virtualization, test automation, CICD, TDM, CM, RM tools and processes towards a Continuous Delivery Model to help realize the vision of Release.
I am expert in software defined networking, and in telecommunication infrastructure architecture and network topology, built vendor and partner relationships in the field and interacted with project and development teams to assist in prioritizing slated projects and used AWS, EC2, AIM, S3, SES, SWS, ECS, Cloudfront, EBS, VPC, CI/CD
Lead the technology infrastructure/DB strategy and execution for the enterprise and liaise and participate. with the Global infrastructure organizations and counterparts with planning, JAVA programs, project management and implementation leadership, identifying opportunities for automation, cost savings, and service quality improvement and managementof Storage, Solaris corporate CLOUD, Containers, Python, Tomcat, Jenkins, ANSIBLE, SFDC, Fuel, and Service Validation team.
I am a change agent, designed DevOpssolution & Performance architecture that supports company objectives, user expectations, functional, non-functional aspects, with a balance between practical design and early, sustainable value and change agent for direction, and ensure seamless coordination between team members and stakeholders.
Record performance as a leader for delivery of 24/7 service operations and KPI compliance and experience with comprehensive disaster recovery architecture and operations, including storage area network and redundant, highly available server and network architectures.
Managed Enterprise/Infrastructure architecture and technology, CLOUD development, IaaS, PaaS, SaaS, DNSaaS, DNS, vCLOUD, DevOps, SFDC, ESXi, PCI protocols, VOIP, VNF, NW, End to End infrastructure/Solution Architect, quality assurance, production environment, systems maintenance, integration, infrastructure, and development support, provided strategic direction and leadership to infrastructure, support and service management and a group of people ranging from 30 to 90 and developed Cloud computing with software as a service.
Upgraded, Consolidated Data Centers worth billions of dollars. Increased the no of transactions from 7 million to 40 million in 5 years.
Implemented the CLOUD roadmap, DevOps, by developing public, Private, Hybrid CLOUD, infrastructure, SFDC, utilizing local and international data centers spanning over 10,000 miles for geographically diversified operations and successfully supported locally and remote support.

AT&T - (DALLAS, TX) Jan1998 - Mar2006
Chief Architect (CLOUD, Architecture, Infrastructure, IaaS, SaaS, Product Development, etc)
Effectively managed over 1300 CLOUD Client, DevOps with introduction of IaaS, SaaS hire, manage, coach and mentor the Application, Operations Engineering team. Directed the activities of vCLOUD, vREALIZE, vSPHERE, infrastructure, Architecture, Development, infrastructure architecture worth over $100M, systems designed functions, evaluated and recommended new technology solutions, manages the planning and delivery, SFDC, CLOUD development, architecture design services, DevOps, provided sizing and configuration assistance, and performing needs assessments. Expert in management of Storage, Solaris corporate CLOUD management system.
I am a strategic thinker, technically competent, hands-on self-starter, strong communicator, leadership and organizational development skills, worked with multiple project teams simultaneously and thrive in fast-paced, dynamic environment and was operationally responsible for ensuring the availability, integrity, and security for all IT systems and infrastructure.
I had progressive management experience leading and transforming technical teams, architecture and solution teams with management of Hosting, CLOUD, DevOps, Security and over 100 clients with great success in leading and delivering a client growth strategy, technology roadmap and transformation programs.
Defined policies and requirements for infrastructure automation-oriented architecture and support. Worked with the Engineering leaders, automation, JAVA programmers, Digital Ecosystems and Architects to influence/build and maintain high performance and high reliability system/architecture with proven partner to engineering and business teams.
Directed the Development, Enterprise/Infrastructure architecture, CLOUD and NW teams, mentored and developed intellectual and leadership talent within organization and advised senior management on information technology in BSS/OSS environment.
Specialize in development (JAVA, C# in .NET), infrastructure, developed & maintained the CLOUD development, resources assignment, Increased the corporate profits while meeting customer retention and revenue growth to 700% and made company to ISO compliant, thought strategy and technology vision, direction setting and managed offshoreteams.
Have represented the AT&T abroad. Likewise, has extensive travel experience into foreign countries and has the ability to quickly transition to their culture. Managed infrastructure, operations, network, and service delivery for international clients.

IBM Corp. - (DALLAS, TX) Spt1995 - Jan1998
Technical Manager/ Architecture
Projected and implemented IBM’s new image of leader of OPEN SYSTEMS, Architected, networked, developed Infrastructure, SW methodologies, showed proof of concept for total integration of inter and intranet platforms, Totally managed the projects over $100 million.
Changed the Image of the company as a world leader in open systems, NW services and infrastructure. Introduced adoption and use of new processes, partner management and technologies that act as catalysts to shape the future. Planned activities and in 3+ years, IBM stock rose from $90 to $200.
SUPERCONDUCTING SUPER COLLIDER (DALLAS, TX) Jan1992 - Aug1995
Manager Infrastructure
Managed one of the world’s largest projects of $12 billion and developed methodologies, procedures, feasibility, interacted with major high-tech companies, planned the schedules, costs, met deadlines.

ITEX COMPANIES, INC. (DALLAS, TX) CTO Jul1988 - Jan199
Increased company revenue from $2 million to $200 million in four years as an innovative and results oriented problem solver. As CcIO responsible for budget over $2M with complete P&L responsibility
Contact this candidate