Cody Fraley
Product Manager and Coach

Summary

Product Manager with over 10 years experience in the Software Industry seeking to leverage my excellent communication skills and attention to detail to be successful as a Product Manager at your company.
I am a specialist in Agile with a Certification as a Scrum Master and Product Owner that keeps groups organized within their Software Development Life Cycle. I have a plethora of experience from large budget projects for Fortune 50 corporations to small budgets for Startups.

Work History

Senior Product Coach
American Airlines, Fort Worth, TX
Created curriculum to be taught throughout American Airlines Product Teams and lead classes, workshops, and embedded coaching as well as training other coaches.
Evangelized best practices for software development by showing the importance of Agile, DevOps, Taxonomy, and OKRs.
Utilized Mural, Power Point, Mentimeter, and Custom Built software to present to numerous different teams on how to constantly improve during remote and in-person session.
Leveraged Microsoft Power BI and Tableau to set goals that can be followed through analytics to help track progress on company-wide OKRs.
Worked on Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion group to help create a more inclusive workplace and assisted in creating quarterly workshops.
Trained Product Managers, Product Owners, Scrum Masters, Squad Leads, Business Analysts, and Quality Assurance Analysts on Lean Software Development and ways to eliminate waste within their processes.
Worked closely with Directors to analyze employee feedback and make meaningful changes to improve American Airlines culture.

Product Manager
Slalom (Consultant), Plano (Remote), TX
Responsibilities
Lead development of shared experience between web and mobile Capital One Auto Navigator.
Coordinate the Development, Architecture, UI/UX and QA teams to deliver an experience that also brought on more leads to our partners.
Document the processes and changes as we modified the Auto Navigator app.
Created a team to improve the customer experience with our clients.
Achievements
Refocused teams to a repeatable Scrum Framework.
Empowered the Development teams to move forward with utilizing new technologies.
Put in Agile principles to drive higher quality releases.

Product Manager
Merck (Contract), Gwynedd Township (Remote), PA
Responsibilities
Worked within Request Management in the Research Life Science Cloud to develop new workflows within the Appian framework.
Collaborated with Scientist and Subject Matter Experts (SME) to create an experience and solution that best suits their needs for requesting items for experiments and research.
Oversee the development, testing, and implementation of each workflow for the Research Life Science Cloud.
Integrated with Spotfire for Data Analytics to determine the best fit for external partners.
Utilize experience as a Product Manager and Scrum Master to make continuous improvements in the Software Development Lifecycle.
Achievements
Matured a new product to allow for easier use and better end user satisfaction.
Implemented small incremental steps that saw immediate improvement in quality of deliverables.
Opened up transparency throughout the process to surface potential issues and allow for better alignment and immediate feedback loops.

Product Manager and Scrum Master
Omnna, Southlake, TX
Responsibilities
Directed Product design for several development teams in India.
Created structure around a small organization to allow scale-able growth.
Interfaced with clients to gather their requirements and create meaningful solutions.
Oversee end to end implementation for clients.
Worked closely with CEO on strategic goals and timelines.
Create plans and implemented software for several different industry verticals from the ground up.
Provide leadership in design and technical aspects to be a Subject Matter Expert (SME) in all areas of our Products.
Improved existing CRM and POS software products to create a better user experience for our clients.
Utilized data compiled from Beta Customers and A/B Testing to best determine UX, Customer Satisfaction, and Engagement.
Designed B2C and B2B solutions and customized to the needs for each project to deliver our SaaS model.
Developed brand new solutions for mobile devices on iOS, Android, and for Android on custom POS hardware.
Assisted in the back end controls through Amazon Web Services (AWS) to monitor and modify settings based on traffic and conditions for each customer.
Worked with clients to help improve their Supply Chain Management utilizing our internally written WMS software.
Used blockers as an opportunity to change and innovate to find an appropriate solution.
Worked closely with Retail clients to create customized software for specialized Retail areas within Firearms, Food, Salons/Services, and General Retail Industries.
Achievements
Completed software implementation on-site for Customer then maintained personal continuous support.
Designed and implemented web based training for new and existing clients.
Lead the design of a mobile applications to help our client better support their customers.
Interviewed, Hired, and Trained 25 new employees to create the foundation for success.
Overhauled UI/UX for a new version of the Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Product.
Implemented a Scrum Framework from scratch to help organize software development and improve software quality.
Planned, built, and executed a brand new software solution for a Fortune 500 company.
Became proficient in Supply Change Management, Customer Relationship Management, and Point of Sale software by studying market trends and helping design solutions for our clients.
Created a design team and instituted rituals to that helped improve overall communication and design with developer, managers, and executives.
Mentored fellow employees and helped them to grow their career and advance within the company.
Created a Product Management Team and set standards and policy scalable growth.

Technical Project Manager & Scrum Master
Inspirus (Contract), Fort Worth, TX
Responsibilities
Implemented Agile and Scrum with the Technology and Product teams.
Scrum Master for two different teams and Agile coach for the entire organization.
Only Technical Project Manager for the Technology group.
Achievements
Configured Jira from end to end for Agile implementation.
Led a Value Stream Mapping Workshop to identity and eliminate waste and help institute Lean Management principles.
Assisted in a 35% savings in time and productivity across the company.

Project Manager and Scrum Master
International Business Machines (IBM), Coppell, TX
Terremark, Verizon, and IBM were all working on the same projects throughout the different companies.

Responsibilities
Led a team to launch a new project migrating local servers to cloud based AWS Virtual Machines (VMs).
Instituted a Scrum framework utilizing Agile Principles.
Interfaced with multiple teams inside and outside of the organization.
Took data-driven feedback from Enterprise Customers to better meet their needs and make UX changes.
Managed several teams of developers to ensure a high quality end product and that all products were delivered on time.
Find places to improve when encountering blockers and working through hurdles to achieve success for the client.
Worked to combine all IBM Cloud Products for their hybrid cloud model and single sign-on and unified user experience.
Scrum Master for multiple teams across different projects and with remote and local teams.
Achievements
Met the deadline early to a successful launch which helped bring in business from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs.
Setup a completely new Portal interface for several different products to have a single user sign in.
Improved implementation process by working with Offering Managers to define and hone Use Cases to better prepare development teams

Project Manager and Scrum Master
Verizon, Grapevine, TX
Terremark, Verizon, and IBM were all working on the same projects throughout the different companies.
Responsibilities
Designed and implemented standard release protocol throughout all product environments.
Set and maintained regulations to ensure product release quality.
Trained all development teams on the new process and worked closely with these teams.
Led and managed a team that implemented a Waterfall and Agile SDLC to ensure deliverable timelines were met on budget.
Assisted with creation of the new Verizon Cloud Products and launch.
Scrum Master on all Release Projects and for Testing teams.
Achievements
Cut down push related defects by 80% from Development to Integration environments.
Integrated automated testing into all pushes for early detection of environment errors.
Slashed defects found after initial release by 30%.
Developed a guideline to achieve a 100% automated code push process.

Senior Software Quality Assurance Engineer
Terremark, Irving, TX
Terremark, Verizon, and IBM were all working on the same projects throughout the different companies.

Responsibilities
Tested the quality of newly developed features within two cloud based applications.
Worked closely with Development teams and Management to deliver a consistent quality of product.
Scrum Master for an Enterprise Cloud and Person Cloud Projects.
Utilized a bevy of testing types including but not limited to Stress Testing, Unit Testing, Usability Testing, etc.
Assisted in leading a team of QA testers to develop test plans and determine the best methods of getting test coverage.
Worked in hybrid SDLC environments utilizing parts of Waterfall, Kanban, and Agile methodologies.
Part of a well structured Agile Software Development Life Cycle.
Participated in design of customer facing UX.
Achievements
Wrote detailed test cases and tracked the progression until all criteria were met.
Communicated effectively, verbally and in writing, with all teams to maintain great working relationships and ensure the quality of code.
Became an expert in all facets of the application that was used by the support staff and the customer.
Work was instrumental in taking a product from a small company into a large company while maintaining high standards.

Analyst & Product Lead
Six Flags Corporate Office, Grand Prairie, TX
Responsibilities
Tested of all park applications.
Implemented of all new software to 12 different locations across North America.
Continued to troubleshoot application issues from park employees.
Recorded and updated defect logs until completion.
Worked with Finance and Audit teams on shared software issues.
Managed several products for remote and local teams.
Utilized an Agile SDLC.
Shared several responsibilities as that of a Project Manager, Business Analyst, and QA Engineer.
Achievements
Trained staff of 300 to use an internally written Ticketing System.
Used staff feedback to improve UX on park software.
Worked briefly on Corporate Sales team to acquire and close advertising business for all Six Flags locations.

Education

Business
Western Governors University - Salt Lake City, UT

Business
Collin County Community College - Frisco, TX

Certifications

Becoming A Product Manager by PM IT

AgileKB Agile Crash Course

The BA Guide Product Owner Fundamentals

LUMA Institute Human-Centered Design Facilitator

LUMA Institute Human-Centered Design Practitioner

Certified Scrum Product Owner from Scrum Alliance

Certified Scrum Master from Scrum Alliance

IBM Your Learning Enterprise Design Thinking Practitioner

IBM Your Learning Quality Project Management

Construx Quality Assurance Professional Tester

Construx Software Development Best Practices

Employee Resource Groups (ERGs)

Diversity, Engagement, and Inclusion (DEI)
Core Member of this group that promotes engagement goals aimed to broaden team members' cultural experience through events and activities, ultimately helping to create an inclusive and welcoming workplace for all team members. I assist in strategy, implementation, and execution of events put on throughout American Airlines.
Design Thinking and Practitioner House (dTAP)
Leader of this group that promotes becoming familiar and comfortable with design thinking concepts that improve and maximize the value of a human-centered design learning experience. I help with evangelizing design thinking to co-workers and lead training to help others get certified in design thinking in conjunction with the LUMA Institute.

Contact
Address
Fort Worth,TX, 76177
Phone
682-***-****
E-mail
ad03zy@r.postjobfree.com

Skills
Certified Scrum Master - Excellent in working across multiple groups to ensure development and management work together to meet mutual dead lines and goals.

Excellent
System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) - Excellent in implementing and maintaining with a specialty in Agile Principles.

Excellent
Communication - Excellent in direct communication verbally and in writing with technical and non-technical subjects.

Excellent
Leadership - Managed teams of various sizes to complete and launch successful products.

Very Good
Technical Knowledge - Worked on a wide array of different complex applications and became proficient very quickly.

Very Good
Coaching - Use my experience and social skills to help people become better at their job and help teams become more cohesive units.

Very Good

Software
Jira Issue & Project Tracking Software - Advanced knowledge of the front and back end.

Excellent
Confluence - Advanced knowledge of the collaboration software.

Excellent
VMware vSphere - Skilled in the use of the web client to maintain virtual infrastructure.

Very Good
Mural - Advanced in using the Digital Whiteboard and collaboration space.

Excellent
GitLab - Familiar with this for source code management.

Good
Azure DevOps - Familiar with the end-to-end Product Management Application.

Good

.

2021-12 - Current
2021-08 - 2021-12
2021-01 - 2021-07
2019-05 - 2021-01
2019-01 - 2019-04
2017-09 - 2019-01
2015-03 - 2017-09
2010-09 - 2015-03
2008-07 - 2010-09
2017-02 - 2017-05
2004-09 - 2005-05
2023-03
2023-03
2023-03
2022-11
2022-08
2020-02
2019-12
2018-02
2017-11
2012-12
2012-12
Contact this candidate