Erica Thibault MS RN CNS APN CWON
Clinical Specialist for Industry
ad08wy@r.postjobfree.com
720-***-****
www.linkedin.com/in/erica-thibault-62a66132
Evergreen, CO 80439

Summary

Results-driven and highly compassionate nurse with extensive experience in clinical care and industry to drive continuous process improvements across various healthcare organizations.
Qualifications Summary
Proficient in leading all aspects of R&D for new product development along with maintaining optimal flow of communication between physicians, patients, and families.
Well-versed in developing and implementing programs through utilization of evidence-based practice, while communicating with supervisors and patient teams regarding health concerns.
Skilled in creating and mentoring clinicians regarding research process to deliver practice changes as per requirements and guidelines.
Articulate and refined communicator, skilled at promoting diversity, equity, and inclusion, adaptable to ever-changing demands of working environment with a track record of coordinating diverse-natured activities.
Proven success in identifying and mitigating patient’s physical, environmental, and psycho-social issues by delivering suitable medical interventions on timely basis.

Career Experience
Sr. Product Manager, Charlotte, NC Apr 2022 – Present
LINET
Spearhead the US product management for support surfaces at a global bed manufacturer, ensuring the product line meets the dynamic needs of the US healthcare market.

Serve as an active member of the NPIAP S3I committee and oversee all processes of the ISO standards committee to ensure complete compliance of all executed procedures with set polices and guidelines.
Craft and deliver tailored educational programs on pressure injury prevention and treatment, significantly enhancing customer satisfaction and product understanding.
Initiate and drive quality improvement measures, resulting in streamlined manufacturing and service delivery, while implementing corrective actions swiftly as required.
Lead the charge in research and development, innovating new product lines that contribute to measurable growth and market share expansion.
Develop and implement evidence-based solutions and programs that meet facility-specific needs, contributing to the company’s strategic goals.
Clinical Manager, Lenexa, KS Jan 2010 – Apr 2022
SIZEWISE/Agiliti
Served as clinician for NPIAP S3I committee and oversee all processes of ISO standards committee to ensure complete compliance of all executed procedures with set polices and guidelines. Delivered exceptional customer education relevant to pressure injury prevention and treatment as per each individual needs. Sign off on all of complaints and report to FDA as per requirements.
Led development and successful implementation of evidence-based solutions and programs for respective facilities as per company requirements.
Administered all processes of research and development of new products to drive innovation and expansion in organizational outcomes.
Steered optimum management of clinical team to support the sales force, while enhancing team performance and productivity.
Lectured regionally, nationally, internationally on multiple clinical topics including pressure injury prevention and safe patient handling and early mobility.
Managed FDA medical device regulation (MDR) for company along with leading investigations regarding injuries to patients, caregivers, and employees.

Clinical Nurse Specialist Medical – Surgical, Denver, CO May 2007 – Jan 2010
CENTURA Health
Demonstrated enhanced clinical nursing expertise for medical-surgical population, while directing efforts towards nursing care improvement, attaining desired patient outcomes, and directing promotion of cost-effective care.
Led complete utilization of collaborative and cross-functional approach to care of patient and family in medical-surgical area, while serving as an expert practitioner, educator, consultant, researcher and program manager as per requirements.
Lead WOC Nurse, Denver, CO Jun 2000 – May 2007
CENTURA Health
Served as member of value analysis committee along with reviewing and conducting trials of various products to purchase for wound, ostomy, and continence patients, including specialty frames and surfaces.
Steered complete management of individualized care of in-patients and out-patients with pressure injuries, surgical wounds, ostomies, and continence concerns.
Led analysis of appropriate specialty bed selection for patients with pressure injuries to ensure complete patient satisfaction.
Administered all process of hospital and client purchases of wound care products as per organizational requirements.
Gained recognition by receiving award of St Anthony Hospital Nurse of the Year for Trauma, Oncology and Surgery.
Education & Credentials
PhD candidate in Nursing Research (Ongoing)
Dissertation Topic - Pressure Injury Prevention
University of Colorado Denver, Colorado
Master of Science in Nursing-Clinical Nurse Specialist
Major in Medical/Surgical Option
University of Colorado Denver, Colorado
Bachelor of Science in Nursing (Magna cum laude)
University of Ottawa, Ontario
Professional Development
Immediate Past President – Rocky Mountain Region of WOC Nurses
Current secretary – Rocky Mountain Region of WOC Nurses
Member – NPIAP Support Surface Standards Initiative (S3I) Committee
Member – ISO/TC 173/ Work Group 11 Tissue Integrity for Support Surface Test Standards
Poster Reviewer – NACNS and NPIAP
Sigma Theta Tau
Affiliations
Member - American Nurses Association The Wound Ostomy Continence Nurses Society
Certification
Certified Wound and Ostomy Nurse
Awards & Accolades
Recipient, Harry Albert Award University of Colorado, Healing Ministry Award St Anthony Hospital, and Nursing Award University of Colorado
Sakraida, T.J., D’Amico, J. & Thibault, E. Small Grant Management in Health and Behavioral Sciences: Lessons learned. Applied Nursing Research.
Anschutz Medical Campus Student Research Award for Outstanding Research
License
Nursing CO 126710
WOC Nurse Certification 10942069
Volunteer Experience
Volunteer - Greyhound Rescue (30 Years)
Languages
French – Fluent
Contact this candidate