DANIEL PANBOON
San Ramon, California *****
Cell: 1-916-***-**** e-mail: ad08h8@r.postjobfree.com

Senior Management/Executive

Experienced in CRM, strategic planning, project management, interactive marketing, mobile marketing, international business, banking and finance, business process development, contract negotiation, and emerging technology.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Google, Inc., Mountain View, CA U.S.A. – 08/2023 – Present
GTM Strategy Marketing Manager (Contract)

Responsible for implementing and managing GTM Sales Enablement programs to promote product recommended opportunities for sellers to large customers. Products solutions are AdWords, AdSense, YouTube, and digital advertising. Incorporated Artificial Intelligence in analyzing and optimizing of product marketing program.

Design and implemented Ai/ML contextual analysis of seller product marketing communication campaign by leveraging Bard.ai, Duet Ai, and Google Cloud/Vertex Ai.
Automated marketing content workflow process by utilizing PLX business intelligence tool, business intelligence (BI) dashboards, CRM, Google Cloud, and Google Sheets in designing the program efficiency.
Developed Ai prompts to query and extract large Natural Language data sets.
Utilized Ai/ML to search, sort, and categorize data.
Analyzed stakeholder engagement and program performance.
Produced sales and product team strategy playbook structure to onboard new team members and for continuing education of marketing offer program knowledge.
Liaise across Go-to-Market operations, product, engineering, and sales team globally.

cPacket Networks, Milpitas, CA U.S.A. – 09/2022 – 04/2023
Director, Product and Technical Marketing

Responsible for leading product and technical marketing teams to implement GTM strategies and executions for network observability product portfolio growth and market penetration on a global scale. Engaged in the development of product positioning, messaging, and executions across sales, partner, media, analyst, and digital channels.

Implemented GTM programs to launch new products and features. Leveraged digital marketing, marketing communications, content strategy, promotions, partner marketing, and sales enablement to generate visibility and customer engagement.
Led Sales Enablement strategy and programs to drive global sales revenue outcome.
Developed end to end training program for Network-Centric Observability spanning packet brokers, packet capture, network analytics, cybersecurity, and hybrid cloud and multi-cloud solutions.
Produced product and technical marketing content to drive customer and partner engagement.
Developed marketing content targeting BFSI (Banking, Finance, and Insurance) companies.
Created booth display creative and presented at tradeshow events.
Led thought-leadership webinars and online events.
Developed product marketing plans and playbooks.
Leveraged CRM and Marketing Automation tools to analyze and refine opportunity targeting.
Engaged in the development of industry analyst reports to communicate competitive advantage and performance metrics.
Worked closely with engineering and product management to define market opportunities, customer use cases, and product market launch.

Dell Technologies, San Ramon, CA U.S.A. – 07/2021 – 05/2022
Sr. Global Product Marketing and Content Manager

Responsible for GTM strategy, content marketing, messaging, sales enablement, customer engagement, and product positioning of Dell Financial Services (DFS) and APEX Custom solutions global markets (US and International).

Developed software financing GTM strategy for a $2 billion-dollar transactional licensing business.
Managed GTM As-a-Service product marketing positioning, targeting, messaging, and content for IT infrastructure and asset financing.
Implemented a OpEX Technology Rotation financing model to drive infrastructure solution growth for Dell EMC, Dell servers, and network in on-prem data centers, hybrid cloud, multi-cloud and in Edge computing environments. Leveraged HCI (VMWare, Microsoft, Nutanix) to virtualize and manage IT infrastructure.
Managed and developed global marketing strategy and execution for North America, EMEA, LATAM, Asia Pacific and Australia and New Zealand. Ensure brand and messaging is consistent in all regions.
Managed the translation of marketing materials into 8 international languages.
Identified and spearheaded vertical marketing opportunities in healthcare, retail, and manufacturing.
Created sales enablement and partner marketing collateral to generate awareness, market opportunities and revenue growth.
Produced bi-weekly thought leadership blogs and social media content promoting Dell APEX Custom and Dell Financial Services Payment Solutions.
Created organic and paid social media content on LinkedIn and Twitter.
Analyzed customer social media engagement and performance using Sprinklr and PowerBI dashboards.

Apple, Inc., Cupertino, CA U.S.A. – 02/2021 – 07/2021
Marketing Manager (Contract)

Responsible for managing and leading integrated marketing campaigns for Apple News products and services.

Developed full funnel GTM campaigns across domestic and international markets.
Managed creative direction and content development throughout digital channels within Apple digital ecosystem.
Produced customer-facing advertisement, messaging, and promotions.
Analyzed digital marketing performance and implemented growth strategies to drive customer engagement by leveraging PowerBI and Sprinklr.
Managed Apple News social media community and developed influencer engagement programs.
Project managed integrated marketing campaign executions and timelines across iPhone and iPad mobile platform, Apple LOBs, Email, SEM, Social, and partners.
Developed and managed media plan for display Ads.
Created CRM programs to drive awareness, acquisition, and retention opportunities.
Ensured marketing executions meets Apple brand standards and guidelines.
Conducted global team meetings and presentations.

Albertsons Companies, Pleasanton, CA U.S.A. – 11/2016 – 01/2021
eCommerce Program Marketing Manager, Growth Initiative

Responsible for managing eCommerce marketing programs and promotions.

Led Ecommerce marketing initiatives to accelerate growth in sales, customer acquisition and retention.
Spearheaded the awareness GTM campaign for SNAP EBT for online groceries with state and local government agencies, and community organizations. Responsible for growing the business opportunity through division instore marketing, national digital marketing campaign, press release, and outreach programs.
Developed Email Marketing Channel Strategy.
Managed and executed Email Marketing strategy, segmentation, customer behavior analysis, creative design, copywriting, offers, and analysis of 800,000 customers weekly.
Project managed online grocery marketing campaign executions.
Managed CPG (Consumer Packaged Goods) promotional offers and pricing strategy. Managed offers through inventory analysis in both eCommerce environment and the brick and mortar retail stores.
Responsible for managing, configuring, implementation, and performance analysis of promo codes.
Audited, QA (Quality Assurance), and analyzed promotional programs to maximize revenue opportunities.
Collaborate with CPG partner organizations to develop and compile marketing creative and messaging.
Managed national customer engagement program by leveraging free samples and experiential marketing to penetrated into new markets and build customer loyalty.
Developed a customer relationship playbook to drive acquisition and retention.
Managed production teams and agencies digital content and eCommerce functionality.
Managed branding and style guidelines throughout all media executions.
Engaged in customer relationship and behavior analysis. Developed marketing use cases, customer journeys and opportunity models for consumer targeting.
Utilized Martech tools such AEM, Salesforce, and Microsoft to execute campaigns and effectively target messaging and offers with the right customers.
Negotiated digital media buys with online publishers.
Built CPG sales reports. Work closely with the data science team to profile, analyze customer behavior, segment, and deliver digital media target marketing executions.

Wells Fargo Bank, Concord, California, U.S.A. – 01/2016 – 06/2016
Digital Payment Marketing Manager (Contract)

Responsible for managing digital payment marketing campaigns strategy and execution.

Project managed the channel executions on corporate website, social media, press release, in-store digital signage, blogs, customers support, email and ATM.
Successfully launched Samsung Pay GTM executions. Managed $2 million dollars marketing budget to launch, promote, and expand into the digital payment market place.
Generated over $300 million dollars in annual payment transaction spend.
Ensured project success through collaborative relationships with internal teams and lines of business (LOB) communication, and adherence to milestone timelines.
Managed Android Pay, Apple Pay/iTunes, and Multi-Wallet marketing campaigns.
Managed co-marketing engagements and relationships with partners such as Google, Apple, and Samsung.
Leveraged internal marketing channels such as wellsfargo.com, mobile banking, ATM, in-store banker servicing, rewards programs, and offer incentives to target Wells Fargo debit and credit customer portfolio.
Social media, affiliate marketing, digital signage, bill boards, and conference exhibits external marketing channels grew 40% month over month digital payment transactions.
Defined digital marketing campaign strategy approaches and deliverables for digital wallet.
Utilized CRM data to target customers based financial portfolios and banking behavior transactions.
Defined KPIs and analyzed campaign performance.
Provide creative direction through production of creative briefs and collaborative design.
Created messaging and refined copywriting content on channel executions.
Produced marketing materials and presentations to educate and inform constituents.

Emerging Ventures, Sacramento, California, U.S.A. – 07/2014 - 12/2015
Management Consultant

Developed strategies, business plans, marketing executions, and customer acquisition opportunities for startup companies in healthcare, IT software and IOT devices, and digital marketing.

Defined digital strategies for B2C customers using Social Media, Email Marketing, and Content Strategies to expand brand message, improve corporate presence, conversions, and sales growth.
Produced copy and provide creative direction for online content for EMR/EHR healthcare software product.
Developed sales opportunities for Internet of Things (IOT) product to monitor, control and data collection for a startup cloud computing company.
Created a business plan for a startup genomic healthcare company laying out the roadmap strategies, market exposure, revenue generation, FDA approval, HIPAA compliance, clinical trials, and IOT medical devices. Defined mobile applications GUI, usability, and mobile conversion rates. Engaged in partnership development and strategic alliances. Refined digital video content for patient healthcare tests.

LifeMed ID, Sacramento, California, U.S.A. – 06/2012 – 07/2014
VP Marketing and Channel Sales

Led the marketing department’s strategy and execution. Engaged in partner marketing, strategic alliance, and business development for digital healthcare Cloud Computing software.

Developed GTM strategy, sales enablement, and marketing plan to deliver the highest growth and revenue. Analyzed market segments, revenue opportunities, competitive products, and purchasing behavior. Determined product enhancements and capabilities based on customer needs analysis and revenue opportunities.
Developed a clinical integration business plan for Tenet Healthcare which includes a private payment card along with a rewards program. The rewards program allows patients to reap rewards through the healthcare departments (wellness center, health classes, etc.), retail outlets in the mall on the hospital campus, the community retail stores in the three-county area in Southwest Texas, and the major Texas base supermarket. The private branded card had a payment feature with VISA/MasterCard credit functionality. Patients are able to pay their hospital bill with the card while collecting points for purchasing benefits, incentive rewards, and discounts.
Partnered with Zebra Technologies to integrate patient identity throughout the patient care lifecycle from intake through to discharge.
Developed a patient identity solution and rewards program for CVS Pharmacy to manage patient information accuracy as well as provide consumers access to CVS discounts and promotions. CVS is able to achieve patient identity security, quick access to patient medical records for care, and provide patients the benefit to use their rewards points for purchases throughout the CVS stores.
Developed digital content strategies and messaging to drive customer engagement. Increase digital traffic by 11 times by leveraging digital marketing tools such as Social Media, Corporate Social Engagement. Email Marketing, and Mobile Marketing.
Leveraged SMS and mobile authentication to secure patient records and communicate patient health records between healthcare provider and patient.
Produced and managed SEM ad campaigns, Evaluated SEO/SEM performance analytics such as PPC and CPC on google and paid search engines.
Managed digital marketing budget such as display Ads, Google Adwords, and social media engagements.
Organized online events, webinars, social media discussions, scheduling and presentation to clients, partners and developer communities. Tracked and managed relationships to ensure ongoing retention, capture sales opportunities and effective product support.
Presented at both webinar and offline healthcare meetings and events.
Executed print and digital advertisement in major healthcare publications and media outlets. Produced media plans outlining communication calendars and media placements. Defined optimal digital media execution strategies with maximum impact on the target audience.
Presented and demo digital healthcare SaaS application to both business decision makers and technical decision makers at C-Level and Mid-Management.
Managed digital loyalty programs and Ecommerce adoption projects for multibillion dollar healthcare systems, IDNs (Integrated Delivery Systems, and government healthcare opportunities.

Cisco Systems (International Consulting Group), Milpitas, California, U.S.A. – 11/2011- 04/2012
Digital Marketing and Partner Strategist (Contract)

Responsible for digital strategy for marketing communications and campaigns for Cisco Systems BYOD and SmartNet Cloud assets. Engaged in content strategy, SEO and SEM, web optimization, demand generation, and web design best practices to deliver results to customers and partners.

Project managed SMB (Small and Medium Business), Mid-Market, and Service Provider digital content on Cisco.com, social media, and email marketing communication.
Managed partner engagement stakeholder relationship ensuring cohesive integrated marketing deliverable.
Define web site metrics and performed web analytics using Omniture Site Catalyst and Clickstream. Successfully increase traffic and conversion on the web site.
Analyzed and refined email marketing content to maximize open rate and lead generation opportunity. Distributed 125,000 emails on a monthly basis.
Engaged in Enterprise Social Media leveraging Radian6 to listen to social media sentiment by customers and partners.
Lead WebEx training and webinar sessions for development of partner knowledgebase for Cloud base solution.

CO-OP Financial Services, Rancho Cucamonga, California, U.S.A. – 06/2010 – 08/2011
Interactive Marketing Manager

Responsible for managing digital strategy, analysis, communications, creative, and technology executions.

Determined creative direction to achieve website optimization and conversions.
Managed the UI/UX for mobile banking product and mobile trade show survey App.
Responsible for project managing content, and functionality for three public facing websites, intranet, and extranet.
Measured SEO/SEM conversion rate and determined effective targeting and keyword responses.
Developed product user and developer communities through social media and webinars.
Utilized web analytics to determine growth opportunities and web optimization.
Spearheaded the marketing automation/CRM strategic initiatives to engage lead generation, to nurture marketing and sales relationships, to build retention, and to gain loyalty.
Project managed mobile and kiosk marketing solution to enhance tradeshow event participation, and to drive traffic to the websites.
Leveraged social media portals such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Youtube, and Cloud applications to create buzz and provide a platform for online conversations.
Delivered over 30,000 targeted emails on a monthly basis for marketing communications, lead generation, new product announcements, client newsletters, and corporate strategic initiatives.
Responsible for working with MasterCard to determine the rewards offering and program that can be applied to the Credit Unions for custom services.
Determined Content Management System (CMS) best practices and web publishing guidelines.

Dome Printing, Sacramento, California, U.S.A. – 03/2009 – 06/2010
Marketing Director

Responsible for strategic planning, qualitative and quantitative research, GTM, marketing analysis, product management, marketing communications, digital marketing, advertisements, public relations, tradeshows, CRM, and sales enablement and growth initiatives for print products and services.

Developed sales and marketing strategies to expand market share within the core product space. Produced short-term, mid-term, and long-term plans with strategic initiatives for year over year revenue increase.
Rolled out marketing initiatives engaging digital campaigns, online, advertisement, PR press releases, tradeshows, client presentations, and marketing collaterals. Created copywriting materials for sales pitch and marketing messages.
Launched and tracked marketing campaigns using social media, 800 numbers, web analytics, and direct response.
Determined the creative and art direction for graphics designers for print and online.
Successfully project managed the implementation of Oracle CRM On-Demand product (SaaS / Cloud Computing environment) company-wide.

IW Group, Inc. (IPG), San Francisco, California, U.S.A. – 03/2008 – 03/2009
Director, Integrated Marketing & Technology

Built digital interactive marketing department and expanded advertising capabilities from web to emerging technologies.

Leveraged cutting-edge digital marketing technology to execute client advertising objectives bringing an increase in traffic and customer retention.
Provide clients at the C-Level and tactical level recommendations for effective digital marketing initiatives to achieve market growth and visibility.
Built strategic partnership relationship with technology solution providers for digital commerce solutions.
Led and managed client relationships with Walmart Stores, PG&E, and Farmers Insurance in the digital technology space.
Customized SEM campaigns based on consumer insights and web content strategy.
Developed McDonald’s multicultural digital plan defining strategic objectives, success measurements, online campaigns objectives, growth initiatives, and social media viral marketing executions.
Implemented online and mobile widgets for social media engagements.
Created digital gaming application to drive social engagement.
Defined online campaigns for FedEx small business microsite to market and drive increase awareness of FedEx products and services.
Project managed the development and web design of American Cancer Society anti-cigarette microsite.
Developed digital creative, messaging, and interactive plan for US Census multicultural interactive program.
Project managed the production of Metlife e-mail marketing content for insurance constituents.

IXI International, Inc., Sacramento, California, U.S.A. – 11/2001 – 03/2008
Mgr., Business Solutions

Launched business services that leveraged knowledge, experience, competitive intelligence and advance technologies to help build and grow client organizations.

Developed a B2C and B2B Strategy with clients and business partners to market varying products and services bringing about expanded market share and growth.
Performed customer research and analyzed data recommending for clients optimum business strategy and driving lead generation opportunities. Developed business plans and guerrilla marketing tactics for businesses in highly competitive markets.

Cisco Systems, San Jose, California, U.S.A. – 06/2000 – 11/2001
Sr. Manager

Developed, executed and supported all IT planning and operations for development and maintenance of the Netaid.org web site. Oversaw $10 million dollars in IT budget for building a web infrastructure.

Led the web development project team through a series of technology transitions to enhance features and functionality, and to manage risks. Increased web site up-time from 25 % to 95 %
Initiated successful internal change management programs supporting technology advances, and improvements to existing work processes.
Implemented a mobile commerce application for digital shopping cart.
Developed, implemented and managed the e-commerce strategy through the definition of business processes resulting in increased system and application performance.

SAPIENT CORPORATION, San Francisco, California, U.S.A. – 06/1999 – 06/2000
Mgr., E-Commerce/Customer Relationship Management Program

Responsible for managing and growing the E-Commerce/Customer Relationship Management practice.

Built an E-Commerce/Customer Relationship Management Practice. Responsible for managing the CRM implementation.
Led cross functional teams consisting of software engineers, information architects, creative marketers, UI & UX specialist, and partner resources to deliver client enterprise projects.
Designed a marketing automation solution by packaging consulting services and leading edge E-Commerce/CRM technologies.

IBM GLOBAL SERVICES, Mountain View, California, U.S.A. – 02/1998 – 06/1999
Solutions Executive

Consulted with C-Level executives and tactical teams on CRM engagements, working in collaboration with clients ranging from Global 1000 Utility/Energy companies to dot.com start-ups. In-depth understanding of CRM applications, Telephony, Voice Network (PBX), Information Technology, and Internet tools.

Spearheaded the introduction of VoIP, chat, and e-mail categorizer as part of the CRM package solution for Utility companies to effectively target customers and deliver precision marketing.
Put together innovative CRM campaign solutions for Utility companies consisting of Business Intelligence, Data marts, Knowledge Management systems, Web based Customer Support, Call Center and Computer systems to help clients achieve business objective of client retention and market acquisitions.
Introduced Market Intelligence and Automation solutions for clients to effective managed market data and target customer needs.

ASIA BELL, Co., Ltd. Bangkok, THAILAND – 03/1995 – 12/1997
VP, Marketing and Sales/Strategic Planning

Full P&L responsibility for marketing and sales of telecommunication systems to service providers. Established territory’s sales strategies, defined annual revenue goals, and developed sales plan.

Developed a Ticketing and Concession system and loyalty program for a major theater in Thailand. We leveraged smart card system to calculate and store points based on purchases and stored value. Incentives were provided to consumers based on dollar to points exchange value and promotional points programs were used to drive increased in sales. Programs may include purchasing 10 tickets and getting the 11th ticket free.

The rewards program was expanded to the retail mall that was connected to the theater. The rewards can be leveraged by retail stores to purchase apparel or other consumer goods as well as theater tickets. Points were a form of monetary exchange within a closed environment for consumers to spend more in the mall.
Led customer engagement with C-Level leadership with Telephone Organization of Thailand in designing and building multimillion dollar Customer Care and Billing System (precursor to today’s CRM). Comprehensive solution encompasses Intelligent Network, Telecom equipment and applications, IT servers and systems, Consulting services, and training.

DANOR Trading (Thailand) Co., Ltd. Bangkok, THAILAND – 06/1992 – 03/1995
Managing Director

Responsible for strategy, marketing, operations, and P&L management for an IT systems and solutions company. Built organizational infrastructure, developed strategic and tactical business plans, and guided the corporation to a full-scale operation.

SUMITOMO Bank, San Francisco, California, U.S.A. – 06/1989 – 06/1992
Commercial and Real Estate Loan Officer

Responsible for evaluating and analyzing Corporate and Individual financial statements. Managed commercial and real estate loans, and banking relationships with high-net-worth customers. Executed International Banking transactions such as Letters of Credit, Bank Guarantee, Foreign exchange, and international funds transfer.

EDUCATION:

Middlebury Institute of International Studies, Monterey, California, U.S.A. – 09/1989 – 05/1991
Ranked in the top five International Business schools worldwide.
Degree: Master in Business Administration (MBA)
Emphasis: 1. International Business 2. Finance and Marketing
3. International Policies

Lipscomb University, Nashville, Tennessee, U.S.A. – 09/1985 – 05/1989
Ranked in the top five Universities in Tennessee in education standard.
Degree: Bachelor of Arts (BA)
Emphasis: 1. Education 2. Computer Information System
Contact this candidate