**** ******** *****
Orlando, FL *****
E-mail ad0fgi@r.postjobfree.com
Tel. 781-***-****
Paola Joniaux
Objective: Extremely organized professional with high sense of discretion and confidentiality with excellent communication skills. Seeking a Project Coordinator/ Project Engineer role to apply my 20 years’ experience in the Construction field. Strong knowledge of project management, budgeting and coordinating workflow within the organization. Summary of
Skills:
Strong multi-tasking skill, great communication skills, excellent scheduling and time management skills, self-motivated, well organized, and detailed oriented attitude.
Amazing ability to work well alone or with a team, effectively prioritize assignments to deadlines.
Highly proficient in MS Office, Acrobat Reader, Bluebeam, Procore, Viewpoint and SharePoint.
Professional
Experience:
ARCO National New England, Framingham, MA January’22-Present Project Coordinator (working remote)
Assist Project Managers by preparing/typing various items such as letters, bid instructions, meeting minutes, weekly updates, memos, proposals, outline specifications, timesheets, and expense reports.
Prepare various forms as directed by Projects Managers (subcontracts, purchase orders, change orders, agreements, professional service agreements, and transmittals).
Maintaining and distributing working drawings for duration of each project, accounting for all up-to-date changes and sketches.
Assisting Superintendent in acquiring any drawings or office paperwork needed in the field.
Inputting data into Viewpoint software to track executed agreements, and insurance documentation.
Point person for proposal, this includes putting together proposal covers, tabs, company information, sell sheets and assembling with remainder of the materials provided by Project Manager
Closing out completed projects by collecting and organizing all necessary warranties, product data, and O&Ms and providing to owner. Cranshaw Construction, Newton, MA April’16-December’21 Project Coordinator
Creating and distributing all project documentation through Procore software system.
Preparing, distributing, and tracking subcontractor agreements, vendor purchase orders, change orders, submittals, RFIs and owner change orders.
Maintaining and distributing working drawings for duration of each project, accounting for all up-to-date changes and sketches.
Reviewing and tracking insurance certificates and requesting updated certificates as needed.
Reviewing and tracking project Lien, Payment & Performance Bonds.
Inputting data into Procore software to track executed agreements, bonds, and insurance documentation. Running weekly reports in Procore and following up with subcontractors/vendors on missing documentation to avoid delay in payments.
Maintaining logs in excel as requested by Project Manager.
Assisting Superintendent in acquiring any drawings or office paperwork needed in the field.
Coordinating UPS deliveries to project team members when necessary for drawings, product data, submittals, etc.
Monitoring daily logs on a weekly basis to make sure they are being completed by field superintendent. Reviewing and verifying that subcontractors listed on daily logs have been issued a contract and provided project specific insurance certificate. Notifying VP of Field Operations of any issues.
Closing out completed projects by collecting and organizing all necessary warranties, product data, and O&Ms and providing to owner. EMJ Corporation, Waltham, MA April ’06-March ‘16
Office Administrator/ Assistant to Executive Vice President
Provide administrative support to office and field staff.
Schedule and coordinate events, meetings, programs, and activities.
Prepare correspondence, create spreadsheets, forms, and presentations.
Research and prepare reports and proposals.
Monitor and control office equipment and supplies.
Delegate work appropriately to clerical staff and monitor and manage delegated tasks and activities.
Assist in the interviewing and hiring process of clerical staff.
Create and maintain all information related to subcontracts and purchase orders/keep compliance report up to date and accurate.
Create and track joint check letters.
Collect, review and log insurance.
Create new jobs in Viewpoint and in SharePoint.
Create safety packets and start up packets for jobsites.
Make sure office and all jobsites are properly set up according to the requirements outlined in manuals and all postings required by OSHA are complete and in place.
Record all daily reports, safety meetings and PM checklists.
Assist in bid solicitation
Conduct reference checks
Post plans and specs onto an online FTP site/ assist in troubleshooting for FTP site. Also, retrieve plans and specs from other FTP sites.
Prepare warranty manuals for owners along with Operation and Maintenance manuals, maintain a copy of these documents for EMJ. CBL & Associates Properties, Inc., Waltham, MA Sept ’01-April ‘05 Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Answered multi-line phone and directing calls to appropriate party.
Managed office services, inventory control and purchasing of all necessary equipment.
Maintained numerical filing system for multiple projects.
Prepared weekly and monthly reports.
Responsible for mailing and distributing correspondence, documents and faxes.
Maintained conference room schedule.
Matched invoices with corresponding orders and maintained monthly log for invoices. Education:
1/2001 – 8/2002 Katherine Gibbs School Boston, MA
Computer Network Operations
Graduated and received an Associates Degree in Computer Network Operations. Languages: Fluent in Spanish
References upon request
Contact this candidate