…Continued…
“Sukrut Phadke is by far one of the best business/systems analysts I have ever worked with. He is a reliable team member that strives for flawless quality in all that he does. Sukrut has a keen ability to present ideas clearly and logically, with enthusiasm and confidence. He is very methodical, using his technical skills to analyze data to solve problems. He has made a positive impact at the Department of Consumer Affairs, and continues to be a major contributor of the IT Services division.” ~ Christopher M., Strategist Advisor at VMware SUKRUT PHADKE, MBA, CSPO®
Englewood, NJ • 309-***-**** • ad0lft@r.postjobfree.com • www.linkedin.com/in/sukrut-phadke-3613523 PRODUCT MANAGER/MANAGER BUSINESS SYSTEMS ANALYSIS
Performing business, data, and functional analysis and documenting business requirements, business rules, process flows, data flow diagrams, data mappings, and data definitions based on business needs to drive performance excellence. Analytical, data-driven, and solutions-oriented professional with 15+ years of experience spanning government, finance and contingent workforce management space and demonstrated success in managing simultaneous business, data, and functional analysis projects to solve business problems, improve processes, and optimize business performance using Iterative and Agile methodologies. An intuitive leader with specialized expertise in developing and implementing new processes, standards, and operational plans that will have impact on the achievement of functional results.
A detail-oriented individual with proven capabilities in effectively collaborating with IT, business, and other functions to ensure the delivery of customized solutions for achieving performance excellence. Proficient in assessing problem situations to identify potential risks, causes, gather, and process relevant information, generate possible solutions, and make recommendations to resolve the problems. Adept at identifying & implementing solutions based on stakeholder and/or systems mapping and categorization.
A results-oriented professional with exceptional client relationship, change management, interpersonal, and analytical skills. Proven track record of success in identifying strategies to move the organization forward, set goals, evaluate risk, create and implement actions plans, and measure results. Possess strong ability to develop and document business requirements, process flows, data mappings, data definitions, and policies and procedures. Data Management Strategies • Human Centric Functional Design • Strategic Planning • Team Management • Stakeholder Relations • Actionable Analytics • Product Management • Workflow Automation & Process Modernization • Enterprise-wide COTS Implementations
• Large Scale Data Migration • Business Driven Development • Risk Mitigation Professional Experience
NYC Office of Technology & Innovation (Formerly NYC DOITT) • New York • 2020 – 2023 Product Manager/Senior Business Analyst
Act as a Product Manager/Lead Business Analyst and provide hands-on leadership, guidance, and support on low code and nimble Salesforce application implementations and associated data exchange solutions, including HL7 integrations and Google Big Query to align with tactical
& strategic goals. Manage vendor integration and development teams that builds and maintains 60+ data exchanges on a daily basis. Incorporate appropriate updates to address issues without impacting operations. Manage five direct reports.
Spearheaded the management and execution of award-winning $200 million plus NYC multi-agency COVID-19 & other emergency initiatives, with projects like contact tracing initiative (Test & Trace and Test & Treat), vaccination initiative (Vax4NYC), emergency housing voucher program (EHV), and Asylum Seeker initiatives. Partnered with multiple teams to ensure smooth implementation of these high visibility & high impact initiatives, identified existing and potential issues & implemented mitigation plans to avoid problems post go-live. Successfully identified and eliminated issues/bugs in applications, reduced errors and issues by 50%, and enabled team to proceed with go-live stage at 99.9% reliability for the project.
Facilitated seamless execution of Vax initiative by planning and executing data audit efforts, which helped in protecting sensitive patient information, maintaining data integrity and monitoring user access to ensure only appropriate “active” licensed users are billed to NYC.
Drove operational efficiencies by leading data analytics efforts leveraging available reporting tools, such as Salesforce and MS Excel. nextSource • New York • 2017 – 2020
Product Manager/Senior Business Analyst
Chosen by management to analyze the ongoing operations related to business processes and technology & reporting platforms and provide appropriate suggestions to streamline & implement the processes. Implemented data exchanges for Vendor Management System (VMS) tools used for time-keeping, payroll and invoicing (VNDLY, SAP Fieldglass, and Coupa CW). Improved operational processes by seamlessly incorporating optimized processes using technology upgrades. Implemented new payroll system by managing reporting and data exchanges. Coached data and analytics group to support client reporting and analytics. Participated in implementing technology platform overhaul as Organizational
Goals
Process
Improvements
Technical
Direction
Product &
Project
Management
Business &
Systems
Analysis
Client
Feedback &
Satisfaction
Change
Management
SUKRUT PHADKE, MBA Page 2
part of Operational Excellence Program.
Designed documentation templates and collaborated with external vendor to ensure the implementation of changes is in accordance with technical specifications, which resulted in achieving the highest consistency and reliability to the process.
Recommended weekly call to increase participation of business and operations teams in all releases which induced harmony between operations and technology group and reflected the changes in the system. Optimized reliability and reduced time to execute tasks from weeks to just few days.
Saved $400k annually for the organization by impacting buy vs. make decision, suggesting move to COTS VMS platforms.
Supported the transition of organization from legacy and proprietary vendor management system “TAMS” to commercial off-the-shelf
(COTS) VMS by facilitating data migration without impacting business operations and data integrity. Prudential Global Investment Management – Real Estate (PGIM-RE) • New Jersey • 2015 – 2017 Senior Business & Data Analyst
Utilized analytical and critical thinking skills to evaluate operations across departments to map cross-functional processes and select appropriate applications to provide decision makers with right toolkit to make informed decisions and address gaps & delays.
Advised team in seamlessly implementing a new organization-wide reporting tool “Tableau”, enabling the client to review data and run dashboards as well as help executive team in tracking performance of investment portfolio across the globe.
Provided hands-on support in implementing portfolio analytics platform to optimize marquee portfolio with more than $20 billion in assets under management, leveraged Seismic, Tableau, MS Excel, and MS Access.
Empowered global marketing and business development teams in managing capital raising needs and compensations associated with team’s efforts for raising capital by implementing a low code nimble application in Quickbase.
Oversaw a team in implementing document collaboration and compliance reporting tool Workiva/Wdesk for Global Investment Management Group
NYC Office of Technology & Innovation (Formerly NYC DOITT) & NYC OMB • New York • 2014 – 2015 Senior Data & Business Analyst
Transformed the old website into a self-service / self-administered site for authorized users to ensure the availability of latest information while reporting on Hurricane Sandy funding. Worked with multiple agencies, designed templates, established new processes & guidelines, and drove the Extract, Transform, and Load (ETL) logic documentation & implementation to obtain the most up-to-date data. Website provided understanding to everyday New Yorkers related to the allocation of billions of dollars funding received by the City for people affected by Hurricane Sandy.
Grew Sandy Funding Tracker’s scope and functionality by partnering with internal and external stakeholders to automate and re-tool the site within a record period of less than six months to optimize transparency on usage of billions of dollars in Hurricane Sandy Aid. NYC Department of Consumer Affairs and Worker Protection (Formerly NYC DCA) • New York • 2008 – 2014 Senior Business Analyst
Harmonized with the agency’s Director of Analysis on the Master Data Management and Data Management strategies for supporting data consolidation and cleaning initiatives. Ensured optimization in the replacement of the legacy platform by COTS product by providing advice to the agency’s executive management team on business rules built in the legacy mainframe CAMIS system. Implemented enforcement functional module to support ELP implementation by working with the Enforcement division.
Assessed existing processes for the licensing, legal, complaints, enforcement, adjudication, and finance divisions and identified several miscommunications and gaps along with $10k that had been missed.
Played a pivotal role in boosting the agency’s reporting capabilities by implementing Enterprise Reporting System (IBM Cognos).
- Supported & managed all technical aspects of creating data model, prepared commonly used reports for end users, developed a self-service report/dashboard, and created
- guides for the users and conducted training.
Restructured technology overhaul to change and improve licensing, adjudication, collection, and consumer complaints areas, replaced the legacy system with a new and customized product “Accela ELP”. Earlier Roles: Senior Business Analyst (Citigroup, Melville, NY) Engineer (GTL Limited, Navi Mumbai, India) Education & Credentials
Wright Financial Group/Northwestern Mutual Outstanding MBA Student Masters of Business Administration (Finance), Illinois State University, Normal, IL Bachelor of Engineering (Electronics), University of Pune, Pune, India Certification: Certified Scrum Product Owner® (CSPO®), Tableau Intermediate, Tableau Fundamentals Technical Toolkit: TABLEAU POWER BI IBM COGNOS MS SSRS MS ACCESS GOOGLE BIG QUERY ACCELA ARGUS WORKIVA/WDESK MRI RPM RESOLVE SEISMIC VNDLY COUPA CW BEELINE SAP FIELDGLASS ULTIPRO SALESFORCE MS VISIO RATIONAL CLEAR QUEST HP QUALITY CENTER MS OFFICE SUITE MS PROJECT ERWIN ENTERPRISE ARCHITECT MULESOFT MICROSOFT SQL SERVER ORACLE NATURAL INFORMATICA XML GOVXML EDI HL7 Cost Saving
Opportunities
Training &
Development
System
Migration
Process
Improvement
Contact this candidate