MAYNARD MACKENZIE DANG'ANA
Scaled Agile Program Manager Journey Mapping Insurance Ux
Program Manager with 10+ years expertise in building compelling B2B user experiences, as well as launching new products to B2C markets.
ad0mef@r.postjobfree.com +1-672-***-**** https://www.linkedin.com/in/maynard-dang-ana-87878019/ EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
1. Company Name: MICROSOFT
Position Title: PRODUCT MANAGER, PEOPLE SEARCH
AND GRAPH EXPERIENCES
Industry: SOFTWARE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
Dates: APR, 2021 – May, 2023
2. Company Name: AGENCIFY LIMITED
Position Title: Ux PRODUCT MANAGER, AGENCIFY
Industry: SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT, INSURANCE
Dates: JUN, 2019 – MAR, 2021
3. Company Name: TURNKEY AFRICA
Position Title: SOLUTION OWNER, GENERAL
INSURANCE SYSTEM
Industry: SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT
Dates: SEP, 2015 – JUN, 2019
4. Company Name: EH TECHNOLOGIES
Position Title: LEAD CONSULTANT
MANAGER, APPLICATIONS SUPPORT
Industry: INDEPENDENT
CONSULTANT FINANCIAL
SERVICES, SOFTWARE
ENGINEERING
Dates: JAN, 2013 – SEP, 2015
EDUCATION LEVEL
Bachelor of Arts
Course Name: B.A Economics
University: Catholic University of Eastern Africa
Areas of Study: Economics, Sociology
PROFFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Apr, 2021 – Jun, 2023: Ux Product Manager, People
Search and Graph Experiences, Microsoft
People Search Ux Experiences on Enterprise Search
This covers enhancing the Search results Ux experiences on the search and results page, when searching for people. Helped achieve higher levels of discoverability, and understandability, of people results for users, and has been seen in:
a. Achieved search performance parity (<2s to return results) with older models.
b. Achieved higher coverage per unique user (>7m
impressions), as well as improvements in
conditional click through results, as more users
engage with people results (>12m MAU).
Honoring People Search User Jobs-to-be-done on user needs around “increasing collaborations” and “making educated decisions”
Broadened the scope of people search success by
matching on people properties (Ux redesign of
highlighting matches on the search page).
Increased the propensity for people search success by working with customers to build search page
customizations using filters. This is being see in: a. Reduced time to success for people searches, as results can be more accurately determined.
b. Improved overall success rates.
Triage for General Feedback
Performed Level 1 and Level 2 triage of user General Feedback (>500 items), that is captured on M365
products.
a. Performed Incidence Management to capture
feedback that needed bug fixes, or product
enhancements.
b. Maintained a feeder channel for the pool of
customer needs.
June, 2019 – Mar, 2021: Product Manager, Agencify
Journey Creation as a Product Technical Lead and a Founder Member, of a Mobile-First Portfolio Management Platform for Insurance Intermediaries.
Led a team that built-up the insurance value-add journeys for business processing for agents:
Quotation with real-time price estimation, Policy
maintenance with premium computation, Claims
Notification, and an API-based model to allow
integration with Insurer Partners.
Transferred the Insurance product processing
platform from Oracle Pl/Sql based to Java
Springboot based functional logic, in order to become an API-first platform for mobile.
Established and maintained a feedback-loop with the Customer Relationship Manager, who recruited and
supported Intermediaries such as Insurance Agents, in order to anchor features with a customer focus.
Served as the key resource for achieving the current usage metric of 200 active agents processing $7,000 premiums per month.
Jan, 2018 – June, 2019: Solution Owner, General
Insurance System (GIS), Turnkey Africa
Solution Owner: A lead Product Ownership role -
Managing the 3 product teams, each with a product
owner manager. This was for the GIS product pipeline. The emphasis is delivering a stable product, whilst increasing both solution functionality
and team productivity.
Management of Product Teams working on Insurance
automation of Product Journeys for Local and
International General Insurance Companies, within
Africa.
International Expansion
Built property insurance product features for
use in Nigerian Oil and Gas Insurers, as well as
a premium model for use in the South African
market.
Built in features for running Bancassurance
business, for banks operating across multiple
countries.
Product feature-enhancement Pipeline
Built a customizable product with several
feature enhancements, to accomodate many
customers with varied jurisdictional
requirements.
Onboarded the short-term Insurance product to
a version control platform that increased
stability and developer healthy-habits.
UX
Working with enterprise-client digital
transformation teams toward building user
journeys that mirror delightful customer
experience. This involved designs + building
Open APIs to ingest and provide external
developers with query capability.
People Manager
Pioneered the establishment of agile squads, led by Product Owners, that managed different
product versions. I managed 3 Product Owner
reports.
Stanford Seed Transformation Plan, based on Culture Change
With the ambitious goal of securing 5M dollars funding, increasing Net Promoter Score to 90% and creating a nurturing work environment that attracts and maintains talent, the Stanford Seed program was a 1 year company strategy transformation program, in association with the University. We got specialized advice, structured over the 4 quarters of 2019, created a template for enhanced productivity and an empowered workforce.
Customer Alignment
With Ongoing projects and support work prioritization, customer engagement via periodic visits were organized. This also helped create alignment with enterprise-client product roadmaps.
KNOWLEDGE PROGRAMS
Oracle PLSQL backend logic Developer
Itil.v3 Certification
Product Management
R
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Hobbies: Fiction writing, Administration of Africa Development Centre Book Club, Watching International Test-match Rugby, Recreational running, reading Classical Fiction, Watching Movies.
REFERENCES
1. Ajla Badza
Senior Product Manager
Microsoft
Munich, Germany
Ajla Badža LinkedIn
2. Bernt Ivar Olsen-Kritiansen
Senior UX Researcher
Microsoft,
Tromso, Norway
https://www.linkedin.com/in/bernt-ivar-olsen-kristiansen 3. Jon Meling
Principal Product Manager
Microsoft
Tromso, Norway
+474*******
(1) Jon Meling LinkedIn
Contact this candidate