Richard Allen
Fresno, CA ***** 559-***-**** ad0rbn@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Summary
Serviced-focused General Manager dedicated to delivering positive customer experiences to promote loyalty and repeat business. Orchestrates optimal re- source utilization to handle expected operational needs. Sales leader with sound judgment, good planning abilities and interpersonal communication strengths. Customer-oriented General Manager with Number years of experience focused on increasing revenues and expanding margin. Adaptive and deadline-oriented consistently executes and completes multiple projects in high-stress environ- ments. Meticulous leader and strategic planner with comprehensive managerial acumen, offering vision and motivational acumen.
Skills
Salary Structure Market Analysis Vendor Negotiations Top Talent Recruiting, Hiring and Retention Cost Analysis and Savings Performance Improvement Su- pervision and Training Profit and Loss Accountability Product Development Coaching and Mentoring Labor Cost Controls Database Maintenance Risk Man- agement Verbal and Written Communication Project Planning Staﬀing Product Analysis
Analytical Skills Staff Development Regulatory Affairs Total Quality Man- agement Leadership Client Relations Communication Skills Departmental Operations Management Sound Judgment Staff Retention Programs Employee Scheduling Team Leadership Food Preparation and Safety Facility Management Performance Evaluations Packaging and Sanitation
Work History
March 2015 - February 2023 Lyons Magnus - Fresno General Manager Developed and implemented strategies to increase sales and profitability. Man- aged budget implementations, employee reviews, training, schedules, and con- tract negotiations. Monitored financial performance, set budgets and controlled expenses to provide financial stability and long-term organizational growth. Maximized eﬀiciency by coaching and mentoring personnel on management prin- ciples, industry practices, company procedures, and technology systems. Build a team of 200 plus employees including three supervisors.Developed con- tinuous improvement programs as well as FTR(first time right)Rolled out red zone which is an app based program tracking Eﬀiciency and quality in 2018 in continued to grow using system to include maintenance downtime tracking as well as preventative maintenance Developed numerous spreadsheets to track op- erational downtime also supply chain issues Worked with food Saftey to develop prerequisite programs for SSOP and CIP
Drove year-over-year business growth while leading operations, strategic vision, 1
and long-range planning. Implemented operational strategies and effectively built customer and employee loyalty. Developed and maintained relationships with customers and suppliers through account development. Managed bud- get implementations, employee evaluations, and contract details. Maximized operational excellence mentoring personnel on management principles, indus- try practices, and company procedures. Formulated policies and procedures to streamline operations. Introduced new methods, practices, and systems to re- duce turnaround time. Provided thoughtful guidance to personnel in navigating and resolving snags in productivity. Collaborated with cross-functional teams to develop innovative solutions. Trained new employees on proper protocols and customer service standards. Scheduled employees for shifts, taking into account customer traﬀic and employee strengths. Assisted in recruiting, hiring and train- ing of team members. Tracked employee attendance and punctuality, addressing repeat problems quickly to prevent long-term habits. Observed each employee’s individual strengths and initiated mentoring program to improve areas of weak- ness. Recruited, hired, and trained initial personnel, working to establish key internal functions and outline scope of positions for new organization. proficient in lean manufacturing 5s Tim Woods and other accredited program’s essential to effective and eﬀicient production
January 2014 - March 2016 Lyons Magnus - Fresno FSQR Supervisor Applied strong leadership talents and problem-solving skills to maintain team eﬀiciency and organize workflows. Handled customer complaints, resolved is- sues, and adjusted policies to meet changing needs. Monitored workflow to improve employee time management and increase productivity. Evaluated em- ployee performance and coached and trained to improve weak areas. Achieved results by working with staff to meet established targets. Maintained compli- ance with company policies, objectives, and communication goals. Maintained clean and well-organized production areas to avoid violations or unnecessary work delays due to hazards or ineﬀicient layouts. Mentored newly hired employ- ees on operating equipment and safety and developed training manual to use for reference. Enforced rules and regulations outlined in company manual to set forth expectations comprehensibly and consistently. Created a culture of accountability and pride in workplace January 2008 - August 2014 Cargill - Fresno Quality Control Supervisor Trained workers in different departments in improved procedures designed to enhance quality and eliminate errors. Trained personnel in proper sampling techniques, raw materials testing protocols and finished product inspection and testing strategies. Supported audits and led teams to fully investigate quality control processes and root out deficiencies. Supervised and directed quality control personnel through effective mentoring, coaching and work delegation. December 2005 - April 2008 Trident Seafood - Dutch Harbor, AK Case up Supervisor
2
Coordinated case management through safe and timely reunification services for children. Supported family members and sponsors to assist with understanding reunification process and child’s needs. Facilitated timely release or discharge of children to identified sponsors or authorized custodians. Maintained daily roster with status of assigned cases to direct appropriate case progress. Education
June 2000 Herbert Hoover High School Fresno, CA General Languages
Spanish Full Professional
English Native or Bilingual
3
Contact this candidate