Leader with extensive experience in sales, directing strategic planning, key decision-making, and project management activities to drive business development and organizational growth. Dynamic with a proven record of forming, advancing, and leveraging global relationships with clients, vendors, and colleagues alike to maximize alignment toward common business goals. Results-driven account manager adept at managing communications and consistently identifying new opportunities to bolster profit margins while driving customer satisfaction.

Areas of Expertise

Sales & Business Development
Vendor/Distributor Management
IT Data Security Services
Tier One Account Management
Key Negotiations
Relationship Building
Strategic Planning
IT Managed Services
Employee Management

Professional Experience & Accomplishments

Cortes Campers – Division of US Lighting Group
Director of Sales Team and Dealer Relations November 2022 – Present
Responsible for overall sales, management of the sales team, growth of dealer networks, managing relationships with existing partners including working directly with our dealers’ General Managers, sales representatives, and their customers to close opportunities.
From January 2023 – October 2023 $2,049,967 in individual sales
Additional $940,152 in sales by the Sales Team
Recruited 11 new Dealers resulting in Cortes Campers in 15 additional stores across eight states.
In June 2023 upgraded and expanded online marketing efforts resulting in a 10 time increase in web traffic and product inquiries. Implemented a system to track sales that originate through website inquiry.
Led the team at the annual September Hershey RV Show which is the largest show in North America. Cortes Campers was a tier one sponsor and exhibitor resulting in multiple sales and retail exposure.
Attended 13 RV shows to support our dealers and to increase Cortes Campers’ brand awareness.

Lighthouse Solutions Group – Brook Park, OH
Co-Founder Partner 2006 – October 2023
Founding member of the company focused on Corporate IT hardware sales and Managed Services, constantly growing critical supply chain relationships and markets to create new sales and identify new vendors.
On a collaborative basis secured key wins including IT Services contracts earning LSG recognition as the largest ITAD and IT data security provider to The State of Ohio, consistently won major, high-value Domestic and International sales opportunities.
In Q3 of 2022 developed and won a one year, IT services contract valued between $75K-$100,000.
Oversaw core operational and sales functions, broker and end-user sales, inspected and negotiated equipment purchases, provided technical presales customer support, created and managed LSG’s online profile.
Lead project manager involved in coordination, strategic planning, and resource allocation while in consistent communications with customers to ensure SLAs are met.

Lighthouse Safety Solutions – Brook Park, OH

Founder & Partner 2020 – 2021
•Over $300,000 in sales: In response to the pandemic created LHSS to leverage a global network of suppliers in partnership with a 3M distributor, in LHSS short existence supplied PPE to hospitals, schools and business.
•Successfully Conducted strategic with key stakeholders worldwide, ensuring adherence to relevant FDA and USA custom’s regulations and licensures, coordinated the international logistics necessary to ship containers of PPE from Cambodia to USA.

The Newman Group – Avon Lake, OH

Hewlett Packard 9000/3000 Market Maker & HP Team Leader 1999 – 2006
Became a HP certified expert in HP server and storage hardware solutions, provided technical presales support to TNG’s sales representatives and end-users, organized internal HP hardware training sessions for all TNG product teams to increase cross-selling of HP hardware.
Negotiated lower equipment costs from authorized distributors and secondary market vendors, responsible for TNG’s HP inventory levels, and managed TNG’s relationship with HP.
Identified deficiencies within TNG’s inventory management strategy and purchasing policies, proposed changes and secured buy-in from C-Level leadership, changes resulted in quarterly write-downs dropped to almost zero, freed capital and lowered borrowing expenses.
Proactively developed a relationship with a German-based supplier for a specific technology product that yielded significant return on investment (ROI) and favorable profit margins. Secured TNG’s first major web-based international customer.

EDUCATION:
Bachelor’s Degree, Political Science: Cleveland State University
Contact this candidate