JASON A. SAGE, MBA, CPMM
PRODUCT MARKETING MANAGER
Fremont, CA • 510-***-**** • ad0ynd@r.postjobfree.com • linkedin.com/in/jasonsage/ Product marketing leader with 10+ years of experience in driving multimillion-dollar growth for global B2B brands with disruptive, customer-centric product/brand strategies, marketing campaigns, and partnerships. Product Marketing Leadership: Extensive experience in driving global product strategy, innovation, brand positioning, and go-to-market initiatives to build, launch, and evangelize disruptive product lines characterized by simplicity and emotional connections to customers.
Customer-Centric Innovation: Proven track record of analyzing market trends, consumer behavior, and competitive intelligence to develop B2B product offerings by engaging product stories and innovative, analytics-driven promotional strategies. Collaboration & Partnerships: Excel as a servant leader, building cross-functional teams and partnerships to drive operational excellence across the product lifecycle, including identifying and capitalizing on opportunities to maintain competitive advantage. AREAS OF EXPERTISE
● Product Marketing & Management
● Product Roadmap
● Marketing Strategy
● Go-To-Market (GTM) Strategy
● Product Development & Launches
● Brand Development & Growth
● Messaging & Positioning
● Competitive Analysis/Market Insights
● Consumer Analytics/User Research
● Project & Program Management
● Software Marketing
● AI
● Digital/Social Media/Content Marketing
● Team & People Leadership
● A/B and multivariate tests
CAREER HIGHLIGHTS
● Spearhead the development and implementation of messaging and positioning strategies for GoDaddy’s Tap-to-Pay on iPhone partnership with Apple.
● Drove the successful launch of Google Assistant’s Look and Talk feature at Google I/O by leading messaging testing, resulting in the acquisition of 2K targeted users in 3 weeks.
● Led the successful development of the Google TV “Easier TV” campaign by collaborating with the cross-functional Google TV Go-to-Market team, resulting in a 5% increase in overall understanding (exceeding the 2% target) and growth of 5.4M users.
● Grew subscriptions from 5K to 72K for Intuit QuickBooks Online’s QuickBooks Online Advanced offering by driving positioning, naming, competitive analysis, feature prioritization, and strategic communications.
● Delivered 125% revenue growth and drove awareness for B2B products at Sage Health Strategy by determining product positioning, competitive analysis, and external communications, molding the voice of products, and expanding the user base.
● Served as a thought leader and moderator at the 2015 and 2016 Wearable Tech and Sports Summit while creating content for the conference, securing panelists, and moderating 3 topics per show with 500 attendees annually.
● Won the Best Health and Wellness Device Award at the 2014 Consumer Electronics Show for Jaybird Reign Wearable Activity Tracker by creating a product strategy utilizing key insights from competitive analysis, market research, and user behavior analysis.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Senior Product Marketing Manager - GoDaddy Payments (Contract) GoDaddy, Santa Clara, CA 07/2022 to 01/2023
Played a key leadership role in developing messaging and positioning strategies for GoDaddy’s Tap-to-Pay on iPhone partnership with Apple and oversaw the creation of the Tap-to-Pay Beta survey and testimonial collection.
● Supported the go-to-market launch and growth of B2B Payable Domains by managing A/B testing of messing, leading to a 20% increase in adoption.
● Led marketing creative for B2B Paylinks, Payable Domains, and Virtual Terminal by defining segmentation and buyer personas, leading to a 20% increase in transaction volume.
Product Marketing Manager - Google Assistant (Contract) Google, Mountain View, CA 11/2020 to 07/2022
Influenced the Google TV roadmap by utilizing market research data to develop a Watchlist query and executing from concept to commercialization.
● Led to the go-to-market launch for Google Assistant’s Look and Talk feature at Google I/O 2022 by overseeing messaging testing and privacy feature research to implement the first proactive approach with Google and privacy-sensitive features.
● Addressed a strategic marketing challenge for the B2B Google Assistant Whole Home Initiative by developing the Whole Home Playbook and coordinating roadshow sharing with cross-functional teams such as Sales, Product, and Public Relations.
● Launched Evergreen Email Automation Campaign for Google Assistant on displays, leading to a 20% increase in query usage of the target audience.
Product Marketing Manager (Contract) Intuit QuickBooks Online Advanced, Mountain View, CA 01/2019 to 07/2020
Introduced 4 features (Batch Transactions, Enhanced Custom Fields, Workflow Automation, and Custom Roles) by developing and implementing co-marketing campaigns to increase awareness, consideration, and usage of elements.
● Cultivated and grew B2B mid-market partnerships, such as Bill.com, by developing and implementing co-marketing campaigns to boost the adoption and usage of QuickBooks Online Advanced customers.
● Guided and influenced Product and UX teams by identifying insights for the workflow automation feature, resulting in a 15% growth in feature adoption.
Founder Principal Product Marketing Consultant Sage Health Strategy, Fremont, CA 04/2009 to 01/2019
Built, developed, and led a product and marketing strategy consulting firm specializing in the delivery of strategy, competitive intelligence, market research, product development, and promotion for B2B, B2C, and Enterprise product experiences.
● Delivered in-depth expertise in digital health and wearable products while offering comprehensive guidance for 10 product launches from initial conceptualization to market launch. o Past clients: SwarmSales, Binatone, and The Oakland Athletics Professional Baseball Organization
● Exceeded the forecasted growth by 35% by defining and overseeing positioning, naming, competitive analysis, feature prioritization, and external communications to establish the voice of products and grow the user base. Product Marketing Manager (Contract) Ericsson, Santa Clara, CA 08/2016 to 02/2017
Oversaw the product development process to complete an Enterprise SaaS platform prototype development in 8 weeks by collaborating closely with product management to obtain all relevant customer and market insights.
● Earned recognition from senior management for leading product marketing and competitive analysis for the successful execution of the B2B SaaS VR platform.
Product Marketing Consultant (Contract) Metron Innovation Group, Mountain View, CA 09/2015 to 08/2016
Devised and implemented a robust go-to-market strategy by determining positioning, naming, competitive analysis, and feature prioritization to influence the nature of the product and increase the user base for a B2B/B2C Fitness App platform.
● Surpassed forecasted targets by 120% by establishing the go-to-market strategy, overseeing content collateral, and developing best-in-class new programs and strategies to drive customer outreach. Product Marketing Manager (Wearable & Companions Products) (Contract) Google, Sunnyvale, CA 08/2014 to 08/2015
Oversaw the product development process for the MotoBody Health Application, including distilling industry and market feedback into market intelligence that guided the development of a comprehensive product roadmap and key strategies.
● Implemented the go-to-market plan on a strict 3-month schedule for Droid Smart Folio Mobile Accessory by categorizing the customer base into key segments, tailoring marketing practices, and advancing the targeted value to each audience. Product Marketing Consultant (Contract) Jaybird Gear LLC, San Francisco, CA 09/2013 to 04/2014
Drove a 10% increase in the adoption of new product offerings by collating consumer and market insights to guide the product development process and collaborating and engaging with product management.
● Achieved recognition from management for competitive analysis and product marketing management while winning multiple awards, including Best in Show - Health and Wellness CES and Best in Show - Outdoor Gear Show in 2014. ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE
Director of Product Marketing • iWinks, Fremont, CA Product Marketing Consultant • NeuroSky, San Jose, CA EDUCATION
Master of Business Administration (MBA) • Golden Gate University • San Francisco, CA Bachelor of Arts (BA) in Legal Studies • California State University, Chico • Chico, CA CERTIFICATIONS AND TRAINING
Certified Product Marketing Manager (CPMM) • Product Marketing Alliance Content Marketing • HubSpot Security+ • CompTIA TECHNICAL EXPERTISE
Microsoft Office Suite (Word, PowerPoint, Excel - Advanced Data Analytics) • Qualtrics • Survey Monkey • Market Research Qualitative and Quantitative Methodologies • Adobe Suite • Marketo • WordPress • Google Analytics • Jira • Salesforce • ChatGTP
Contact this candidate