PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT • PROJECT MANAGER • QUALITY ENGINEER

Qualifications Profile

Self-motivated, result-oriented individual with extensive years of experience in product development and program management in process instrumentation. Personally, lead global expansion teams in software development, manufacturing, and qualification testing to successfully launch new products in over 10 countries. Manager of product development operating systems and database to keep current with technology.

Core Strengths

Project Management
Management and Supervision
Product Development

Communication
Team Building
Staff Development / Recruiting
Operations
Customer Service
Presentation Skills

Scrum Methodology
Agile Development
CMMI/Visio
FAI’s/NCMR/RCCA/8D
Gage R&R/PFMEA/Metrics
Visual Studio/Azure DevOps
Manage Facility Exit
Innovative Technology
Microsoft Office Suite
SaaS/EDI/SQL
ISO9001/ISO13485/Part 21
ERPs- Oracle/JDE/SAP/QAD/Epicor
MS Project/MS Teams/Jira
Utility contractors/Riggers
Leader / Team Builder
International Travel
Visual Studio/Azure
SDLC
Project Coordinator
Budgets/Scheduling
Smart Sheets

Professional experience

Brunswick Marine (contractor Randstad) (06/2023 to Dec/2023)
PM for relocating a Manufacturing company to a new location.
Managing all logistics to move a 80,0000 sq ft manufacturing company to a new location. 6-month project.

Twin City Fan (TCF) (2/2023 to 3/2023)
Released for a change in company direction.
PM role for ERP Epicor upgrade.
PM for SharePoint documentation control management.
PM for internal created C# for customer configuration .

CPP Aerospace (2/2022 to 8/2022)
Quality Engineer / Project Manager
PM role for customer requests, requested process improvements and corrective actions.
Developing and implementing quality standards
Developing and implementing quality control systems
Monitoring and analyzing quality performance
Inspecting and testing materials, equipment, processes, and products to ensure quality specifications are met
Collaborating with operations managers to develop and implement controls and improvements.
Ensuring that workflows, processes, and products comply with safety regulations.
Investigating and troubleshooting product or production issues
Developing corrective actions, solutions, and improvements
Reviewing codes, specifications, and processes

CPP Aerospace (7/2021 to 2/2022) (Contractor at Entegee)
Quality Engineer
Wrote Work Instructions (WI’s) For New Product Launches
Worked with Source inspectors on Product Inspections
Created tools and metrics used by operations and management.
Wrote First Article (FAI) for customer approval of new product launches

COVID Layoff (04/2020 to 07/2021)

TE Connectivity (10/2019 to 04/2020) (Contractor at Aerotech)
Quality Analyst / Project Manager
PM plan for Supplier qualification and performance metrics reporting.
PM plan for internal and 3rd party audits.
Wrote SOPs (Standard Operating Procedure)., and Work Instruction. Using MS word, Excel, Visio
Quality support for Medical Devices, Aerospace Devices, and Industrial Devices
Device Manufacturing, Testing and Qualification
Conducted supplier reviews, audits and corrective actions
Support for Metrology / Cal Labs, Documentation and Procedures
Managed RMA’s from production and customers, evaluate error and issue returns or replacement product. Determined what type of issue and followed through to be sure corrections were made
Managed NCMR’s. When I started there was a backlog of over 500. I researched each report and followed through with production, engineering and design teams to get resolved and closed out.
Worked on Customer Complaints. Performed Supplier Corrective Actions and Non-Conformances. All had reports to be filled out and approved.
Managed incoming inspection & testing / acceptance testing criteria
Implemented process improvements. Wrote procedures and flow charts to streamline workflow and increase efficiency.
Updated senior management weekly on production performance.

EMERSON (07/1985 to 12/2018) (All below falls under this date range)
Project Manager
Lead and Implemented CMMI Level 2 (Capability Maturity Model Integration)
●Achieved CMMI Level 2 Certification for Software / Systems Development Team
●Presented CMMI Level 2 Achievements at Emerson SCOE (Software Center of Excellence) Conference in Florida
●Worked on CMMI Level 3
Regulatory support for compliance and audits
Practiced Agile and SCRUM Methodologies as a key tool to be a PM leader
Designed and implemented test systems for manufacturing that focused on Safety, Quality and Service level
Experience with various companies globally, manufacturing service centers and production locations.
In my last role in the Nuclear Manufacturing Project Management role required testing and documentation that was subject to many external and internal audits. NRC & Customer audits.
PLM (Product Lifecycle Management). Project Manager for new product launches (Full Life Cycle). Managed current portfolio of products
ERP Experience (Oracle, JDE, SAP). Worked with management teams and developers to lead testing efforts
Global Site New Installations / Upgrades
-15-year project due to continued expansion and growth
-Budget $1M per site – 10 global locations
-Travel Budget for myself and team $400k annually
-Interfaced with 6 different ERP’s – including SAP, Oracle and JDE
-Grew division to a team of 20 – Hired, Trained and Managed-Project successful and running in all locations
-Successfully launched and average of 2 new products a year
Bangkok Flood Project
-$5M Budget
-Relocated circuit card assembly production and test to the US
-Identify circuit card assembly facility
-Establish supply chain
-Floor space allocation
-New Station acquisitions
-Development / Qualification / Training
-Project successful and product was back in production in two locations
Circuit Board Production Relocation – In Circuit Test
-$3M Budget
-Setup and sustain circuit board ICT and functional test stations
-Compile data to make continuous improvements
-Project successful output performance went from less than 80% to 98% LPY
New Instrumentation Products from Design through Deployment and Sustaining
-Managed a team of 20
-Coordinated communications with other cross functional groups including purchasing, design, procurement, ERP, manufacturing, and quality
Production Line Improvements and Support of New Products
-Ongoing
-Work closely with design teams on software development and hardware requirements documentation
-Focused on Safety, Quality and Service Level

Global Manager
Recruited and hired a team of software developers to focus on software automation for production lines
Developed and successfully implemented automated test systems for final assembly
Initially program was launched to support packaging and final assembly but grew to cover all manufacturing steps in the build process, approximately 30 steps
Responsible for globally expanding, now called GMS (Global Manufacturing Systems), to other US locations and over 10 countries. This included planning, budgeting, gathering resources, development tools and purchasing equipment. This resulted in successful deployment of GMS platform which ensured high quality and global consistency.
Traveled to set up final assembly operations in England, Germany, Sweden, Russia, China, Singapore, Australia, Dubai, Brazil, Canada, India, Sadie Arabia. GMS continues to support one to two new product launches every year.
Recruited and hired a software developers / support teams in Singapore and China to support GMS and create a global service center which, along with the US, could support 12 international locations. Group consisted of 20 people and were available 24/7 Nationwide.
Held weekly meetings with engineers to discuss backlog and priorities.
Participated in monthly senior management updates on status, metrics and performance
Member of Global Quality Team. Attended conferences to ensure global communication and consistency.
Received CMMI Level 2 Certificate for the GMS Program. I was invited by Emerson to be a guest speaker for SPIN (Software Process Improvement Network) Conference where I presented on CMMI (Capability Maturity Model Integration).
Developed MIS (Manufacturing Information System) for tracking metrics to show the production line health and quality. I was invited by Emerson to be a guest speaker in Munich at the Global Operations Team Convention to introduce MIS and its value to production.
Implemented software development improvement training (i.e., requirement writing, software design and software coding standards). Offering continuous improvement to keep up with new technology.
Set strong performance metrics to ensure successful and efficient team resulting in high customer satisfaction rate
Conduct weekly global staff meetings to discuss work priorities and address any existing issues
Hold bi-weekly 1 on 1 meetings and annual performance reviews
Offer individual recognition awards and spot bonuses for going above and beyond
Team recognition activities

Education

Continuing Education Courses and Studies
Information Security Awareness Record Retention Compliance Ethical Leadership
Perfect Execution Imports and Customs Compliance Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
Export Controls Employee Free Choice Act Cultural Effectiveness
Interaction Management Series Total Quality Experience Sexual Harassment
KFLA Career Architect Overview LPMA Train the Trainer
Aerospace Certified Training
MSA/GRR, (AS/RM13003) SPC/Process Monitoring (AS/RM13006) APQP/PPAP (AS9145/RM13145) AS/RM13000 8D Problem Solving PFD, PFMEEA, Control Plan (AS/RM13004)

Electronics Degree, North Hennepin Technical College, Brooklyn Park, MN
Contact this candidate