TEHSEEN MEHDI
678-***-**** ad12ar@r.postjobfree.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/tehseen-mehdi-0166532a0 Professional Summary
Digital Product Manager with a demonstrated history to deliver Financial, Healthcare, and Government solutions to target markets. Expertise in defining multi-year roadmaps and identifying emerging technologies to drive new product features and capabilities. Thrive in fast-paced ever-changing environments, navigating competing priorities and deadlines simultaneously. Develop the business rationale around investment choices, identify and quickly react to emerging market trends, validate product concepts with customers, and work with our developers to deliver market defining products and solutions on-time and at budget. Areas of Expertise
Business Analytics: Google Analytics, Pendo, Power BI, Tableau
Methodologies: Design Thinking, Kanban, Scaled Agile, Scrum, Waterfall
Project Management: Confluence, DevOps, Jira, Rally, SharePoint, Smartsheet
Platforms: AWS, Azure, GCP, iOS Mobile, Oracle Financials, Salesforce
Product Roadmap: Aha!, Jira Align, ProductPlan
User Experience: Balsamiq, Figma, InVision, Miro, Lucid Chart Work History
Senior Product Owner 2023 - Present
Vizient Inc. Alpharetta, GA
Lead the product function from ideation to deployment of company’s new employee engagement platform Radius™ with 5000 active users. Evangelize the vision and execution of Clinical Practice Management™ solution to small and medium sized healthcare customers across North America.
Develop a deep understanding of the company’s objectives from internal stakeholders, customers and external partners, build trust by maintaining an accurate and achievable roadmap.
Specialize in breaking down complex technologies into relatable narratives and adept at delving in-depth into a subject while examining it as part of a bigger picture. Analytical, methodical, and resourceful approach to problem solving, identifying and documenting root causes and corrective actions to meet short and long-term business and system requirements.
Live in-person and virtual product demonstrations to prospects and existing customers. Manage a team of three business analysts across multiple geographies.
Product Owner 2015 - 2022
Tyler Technologies Duluth, GA
Managed the execution of the requirements of company’s flagship products EnerGov® and Citizens Self Service® which provides the omni-channel digital experience for public sector. Customers include government agencies, states, counties, and districts in the US and Canada regions.
Wrote and describe user stories to scrum teams to build customer-driven features that provide value. Maintain and prioritize the product backlog.
Conducted system demos and training sessions to demonstrate product features to internal stakeholders and external customers.
Defined data mapping process with the business using crosswalk file, wrote SQL Queries for testing. Performed root cause analysis on customer support issues.
Business Analyst 2012 - 2014
Deloitte Consulting Atlanta, GA
Created wireframes, author product requirements, work with engineering to balance functionality and feasibility, and managed project timeline to modernize the Georgia Medicare and Medicaid HealthTM systems.
Performed gap analysis by identifying existing technologies and subsequently documented the enhancements to meet the end state requirements. Wrote SQL/Oracle queries in relational database applications for backend testing and to verify the database updates.
Monitored the client acceptance testing and identify test scenarios. Perform root cause analysis on production defects. Generated management reports on weekly and monthly basis.
Coordinated production reviews, sign off on the stability of all newly released projects into production, and completed a transition to operations for ongoing support.
Education
Master of Science
University of Karachi
Contact this candidate