Ketan Amlani

Area of Expertise:
●Project/Product Management: Stakeholder Management, Resource Management, Product increment, Leadership & Coaching, Process Analysis & Reengineering, SDLC & AGILE Framework, SCRUM Ceremonies, Communication and Reporting.
●Accounting & Finance: Departmental and Project budgets, Estimate to complete analysis, Project Actuals vs Budget analysis, General Ledger Reporting, GAAP Reporting
●Healthcare Insurance Projects: End to End Project manager for Medicare and Medicaid Retirement solutions Run the Business, Infrastructure Value, Service Portfolio projects. Extensive process and product knowledge (Claims, Eligibility/Benefits, Enrollment, Underwriting, Compliance, Marketing, Billing, Actuarial and IT systems)
●Utility Manufacturing and Construction Projects: End to End Project manager for Large Utility companies. Managed RFP/RFQ and contract management for Material and Construction labor.
●IT Infrastructure Projects: End to End Infrastructure Project manager involving standard and complex projects - MVDC/DR set up, database replication and migration (P2V, V2V, consolidation), RedHat Enterprise Linux Upgrade for internal applications, datacenter migration and consolidation requiring hundreds of physical and virtual servers involving cross functional team of SA, DBA, networking, security, storage, replication and finance.

Professional Skills:
●Project/Product Management
●End to End Project management
●Business Case Initiation & Execution
●Vendor Negotiations and Contract management
●Project Tracking & Risk Mitigation
●Excellent Communication & Team Building
●Analysis
●Budgeting and Spend analysis
●Data Analytics & Trend Reporting
●RFQ/RFPs/Bid Management
●Logistics analysis, Project budget Vs Actuals
Lease Vs Rent Vs Buy analysis

Tools:
●Confluence, Aha! JIRA, RALLY
●MS Teams
●MS Office including Excel and MS Project
●MS Outlook, OneNote, SharePoint
●Networking
●Data Center and Security
●IT Infrastructure, NIST Compliance
●Servers, Database, Networking
●SAN and NAS Storage
Disaster Recovery, MVDC

Education:
●MBA: Finance and Accounting - Wayne State University, MI, USA - 2006
●Master of Commerce: Saurashtra University, Gujarat, India. - 2001
●Masters in information systems (Diploma), GIRC, Indore, India. - 2001
●Bachelor of Business Administration, GLS Institute of Management, India. - 2000

Certifications:
●CSM (Certified Scrum Master), PSM (Professional Scrum Master)
●PMP (Project Management Professional)

Professional Experience:

United Healthcare- Horsham, PA
Sr. Technical Project manager/Agile Practitioner
March 2020 - August 2023
●Servant Leader/Sr healthcare project manager for Medicare and Medicaid retirement solution’s portfolio including Run the business, Value enhancement and Infrastructure projects
●Provide support to deliver department milestones as per defined roadmap plan
●Managed process implementation and improvement for Working Claim System (WCS) development, testing User Stories and collaboration meeting with various impacted teams
●Assisted in removing project impediments and effective stakeholder communication
●Define the PMO strategy for successful Agile transformation.
●Lead the execution of a PMO governance, reporting and review framework to provide a holistic view of all project activity.
●Lead and provide release management support for Application and Infrastructure projects
●Responsible for communication with stakeholders, finance, HR and PMO office

Department of Veterans Affairs Philadelphia, PA
IT Project Manager
August 2017 – September 2019
●End to End IT Project manager responsible to maintain authority to operate status of critical VA benefits applications using PMI best practices.
●Managed for communication with stakeholders, finance and PMO office.
●Perform troubleshooting, maintenance and configuration changes in accordance with approved change order policies within the region as it relates to business systems technology which includes:
●Conduct routine assessments utilizing various monitoring tools to ensure proper systems operation, availability, and security.
●Manage various Infrastructure scans – Nessus and DB Scans and Application scans – WASA Scans, Secure code review, Secure design review, Quality code review and Penn test.

Splunk Technologies- San Francisco, CA
Project Manager
May 2016 – April 2017
●End to End IT Project manager responsible for planning and implementing strategic roadmaps such as virtualization, CMDB, Networking enhancement and day to day datacenter infrastructure projects.
●Initiated and managed projects related to cloud, on-premises or hybrid implementation
●Responsible for overall coordination of the project structure, including tracking and management of scope, timeline, issues, documentation, budget / project finances, vendors, and communications.
●Recommended and initiated implementation strategies to include sourcing, acquisition strategy, funding, and fielding of applicable technologies for future systems
●Managed Service now – Workato integration project for better incident handling.

CH Reynolds @ Cisco - San Jose, CA
IT Infrastructure Project Manager Data Center
May 2013 – May 2016
●End to End Infrastructure Project manager for standard and complex projects - MVDC/DR set up, database replication and migration (P2V, V2V, consolidation), RedHat Enterprise Linux Upgrade for internal applications, datacenter migration and consolidation requiring hundreds of physical and virtual servers involving cross functional team of SA, DBA, networking, security, storage, replication and finance.
●Successfully handled 15-20 standard and complex projects simultaneously with strict SLAs.
●Hands on experience leading the application release team during project go live.
●Build credibility, establish rapport, and maintain communication with stakeholders at multiple levels, internal to the organization
●Managed cost budget to allocate overall cost estimate to individual tasks.

Iberdrola Renewables- Radnor, PA
Lead Senior Buyer
September 2009 – April 2013
●Develop Request for Proposals (RFP’s) for various wind and solar projects including turbines/solar panels, logistics, civil and electrical contractors and environmental permits, analyse received bids for technical / commercial review all in a timely manner to meet business unit expectations and deadlines for contract award. Present proposal award to the operating committee in reference to past project’s comparable pricing, economics and budget.
●Identify strategic sourcing items for future projects and analyse demand, supply and budget thought financial modelling techniques.
●Negotiate project savings by comparing procurement cost with reference pricing, current labour/material cost, inflation, estimates/budget and conduct rigorous vendor negotiation techniques
●Develop business case with emphasis on NPV, IRR and ROI model from End-to-End project phase.
●Perform various supply chain activities as Oracle/SAP super user.
●Create and manage Project PO’s, project budget Vs actuals analysis, and generate variance report at various management levels

RMT,Inc- Madison, WI
Logistics manager
December 2008 – June 2009
●Initiated and developed strategic business case for office supplies, distribution items and equipment rentals that lead to the savings of more than 1MM dollar savings per year.
●Developed strategic business case for logistics of wind turbines through Truck, Train and Ocean to achieve full vertical integration into wind turbine generator installation process.
●Developed on-site logistics strategy of wind turbine components to achieve control and flexibility over turbine delivery which minimized construction cost and project delays.
●Assist project manager with equipment/fleet rent v/s lease decision and scheduling.
●Improvised mobilization checklist to include long lead time and high dollar value items to achieve best pricing and timely delivery.
●Designed and implemented cost controls through process optimization of budgeting, accounting process and management reporting to meet business needs and SOX requirements.

Gamesa Wind US- Fairless Hills, PA
Sr. Financial Analyst
April 2007 – December 2008
●Project cost controller responsible for initiating annual budget, project to complete finance, weekly reviewing and reporting of variance analysis
●Design detailed project finance model involving cost of manufacturing, operational expense, logistics, construction, services & warranty
●Work closely with Sales department to come up with target pricing/revenue model
●Support senior management and Board of Directors with ad hoc financial reporting and analysis.
●Monitor, track, and advice management of key spending, cost recovery and business trends that have lead company in savings of more than 10M USD
●SAP super user with in-depth working knowledge of work breakdown structures, profit/cost centers and internal orders. Successfully turned cost center into a profit center with revenue of over 40M USD annually.
●Assist in month end closing and reporting company and departmental wide P&L
●Successfully implemented and trained NCR and PO process across logistics department
●Designed financial/non-financial measurements and key performance indicators (KPI’s) to drive improved business performance

Suzlon Wind Energy Corp.- Chicago, IL
Sourcing/SAP Specialist
June 2006 – April 2007
●Negotiated long-term contractual agreements with key vendors to strengthen market share in the growing U.S. Wind energy market
●Developed and implemented WTG component’s planning, procurement and logistics processes in support of company’s initiative to transition to ERP-SAP environment
●Responsible for vendor selection, balance score cards, quality assurance and monitoring of performance objectives
●Made product modification recommendations based on sourcing restrictions and costs

GE Energy- Schenectady, NY
Supply Chain Intern
May 2005 – May 2006
●Strategize supply schedule for wind turbine components based on GE global WTG demand
●Responsible for souring mechanical, composites, electrical, hydraulics, and casting components such as gearboxes, bearings, cables, housing, brake systems etc.
●Developed strategic cost saving approaches for various Direct Material Productivity (DMP) projects that have led towards over $2M cost savings in GE Wind business
●Analyzed metal compositions in mechanical wind turbine components and locking in prices through derivative hedging using LME and AMM metal exchange
●Created business reports of prospective suppliers world-wide by analyzing their financial statements
Contact this candidate