.
Burnet, Texas ***** 512-***-**** ad16hx@r.postjobfree.com
.
JOSEPH HARRIS
WEBSITE, PORTFOLIO,
PROFILES
● https://www.linkedin.com/in/joeharris1211
● https://bold.pro/my/joeharris1211/119
PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY
Senior Product Manager with 10 years taking SaaS products from concept to market. Skilled at navigating complex web of suppliers, manufacturing collaborators and supply chain partners needed to bring production plans to fruition. Specializing in Supply Chain Collaboration market products with willingness to learn and adapt to any field. SKILLS
Product Management
Project Management
Product Launch
Agile Methodologies
Software-as-a-Service SaaS
Supply Chain Management
Demand Planning
Business Intelligence/Data
Analytics
Predictive Analytics
Artificial Intelligence
Oracle E-Business Suite
Data Integration
WORK HISTORY
SENIOR PRODUCT MANAGER 04/2021 to 12/2023
SourceDay, Inc, Austin, TX
● Served as Senior Product Manager spearheading and delivering innovative solutions within the realm of invoice automation, leading to 10x increase in total customer invoice volume.
● Defined a vision that transformed manual AP processes into automated workflows, reducing invoice processing times by over 85%.
● Proficient in leveraging technological advancements to streamline and optimize invoice processing workflows, resulting in increased operational efficiency and reducing invoice processing errors by over 90% and saving SourceDay over 300k annually in operating expenses.
.
● Led the implementation of user-centric design principles, resulting in an intuitive invoice automation interface and a 50% increase in user adoption.
● Conducted user research to identify pain points, translating findings into product features that significantly improved user experience.
● Leveraged analytics tools to identify bottlenecks in the AP process, leading to targeted feature improvements and increased efficiency.
● Oversaw successful product launches, including feature prioritization, beta testing, and user feedback integration.
● Cultivated strong client relationships, gathering feedback and feature requests for iterative product improvements.
PRODUCT MANAGER 11/2018 to 04/2021
Aclate, Inc, Austin, TX
● Effectively oversaw a varied portfolio of products across supply chain optimization, data collection tools, and loyalty engagement platforms to increase profitability by over 50%.
● Led global teams across multiple product lines to deliver cohesive solutions that streamlined operations and enhanced customer engagement.
● Excelled in engaging and aligning stakeholders across departments, including supply chain, marketing, and IT, to ensure seamless integration and adoption of product enhancements.
● Facilitated cross-functional communication by leading streamlined processes resulting in ensuring faster time-to-market for customer satisfaction. ASSOCIATE PRODUCT MANAGER 01/2015 to 11/2018
TAKE Supply Chain, Austin, TX
● Managed the definition and delivery of the OneSCM SaaS product, including development of its strategy, positioning, overall feature set, and pricing.
● Deep understanding of the competitive landscape and market needs allowed me to drive innovative solutions, differentiate offerings, and achieve significant revenue growth which contributed to new business wins exceeding $10M in Annual Revenue.
● Delivered the appropriate mix of product features and functions to drive higher customer utilization and satisfaction to reduce time to market by 6 months.
● Incorporated multiple areas of innovation to the Supply Chain Collaboration product offering to include Blockchain, Predictive Analytics, and Artificial Intelligence. SENIOR PRODUCT ANALYST 07/2014 to 01/2015
TAKE Supply Chain, Austin, TX
● Collaborated with internal team members and customer representatives to clarify relationship of business and project goals and obtain enhanced perspective of development process.
● Worked with development team to define and implement customer change requests to enhance product functionality.
● Attended weekly development team meetings and assisted in identification and resolution of issues to maintain timeline and budget integrity.
● Assisted development leads in definition of process flows, relative task priorities and business value measurement parameters.
PRODUCT ANALYST 09/2013 to 07/2014
TAKE Supply Chain, Austin, TX
● Defined detailed functional and technical specifications to ensure that business requirements meet the expectation of the customer for TAKE Supply Chain's suite of Supply Chain products.
.
● Ensured on-time delivery and high quality of product releases by working with on and off- shore resources, often using a cross-functional team approach. BUSINESS ANALYST 12/2011 to 09/2013
TAKE Supply Chain, Austin, TX
● Interacted with internal customers to understand business needs and translate into requirements and project scope.
● Collaborated with stakeholders to define project objectives and criteria.
● Performed gap analysis to identify areas of improvement.
● Improved business direction by prioritizing customers and implementing changes based on collected feedback.
SENIOR QA ANALYST 05/2011 to 12/2011
TAKE Supply Chain, Austin, TX
● Collaborated with management to provide training on improved processes and assisted with creation and maintenance of quality training.
● Monitored KPIs to proactively address bottlenecks and quality issues.
● Analyzed Supply Chain Collaboration solutions to ensure high quality and eliminate any programming issues from reaching the customer.
● Oversaw the correct functioning and ensured that business requirements were met prior to product shipment for On-Premise software solutions.
● Worked closely with multiple teams in the organization and planning and completion of test cases to ensure the customer was provided a satisfactory solution. QA ANALYST 01/2007 to 05/2011
TAKE Supply Chain, Austin, TX
● Developed and maintained quality assurance procedure documentation.
● Created and revised procedures, checklists and job aids to reduce errors.
● Participated in departmental meetings to establish short- and long-term strategy.
● Used HP Quality Center to develop and execute test plans, test cases and test scripts to validate user expectations on multiple software projects including Procurement Collaboration, Label Printing and Data Collection applications.
● Worked on both standard product releases and custom professional services projects, each with high customer satisfaction scores and increased retention. EDUCATION Mississippi State University, Starkville, MS Bachelor of Business Administration, Management Information Systems, 12/2006 CERTIFICATION ● Alotten Manager Development Program - November, 2023
Contact this candidate