Michael P. Kirkham
ad1c8d@r.postjobfree.com Innovation Execution 949-***-****
Product Leader Growth Strategy User Experience Outstanding innovator and operational exec with experience growing a startup into a nine-digit annual revenue company. Excels at seeing the big picture, developing product vision & roadmap, and executing initiatives. Collaborative manager with a reputation for delivering. Career spans 20 years of building products, platforms, and teams. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Vice President of Product & Strategy, Unity Customer Data Platform 2022 to 2022 Oracle Corporation – CX Cloud Remote / Redwood Shores, CA
● Managed a global team of 21 resources that owned the roadmap of an industry-leading Enterprise SaaS
● Reconfigured product team to focus on usability, integrations, Artificial Intelligence, and improved release quality
● Led the Unity Customer Data Platform that placed as Leader in IDC B2C Marketscape & Forrester B2B Wave Head of Product 2020 to 2022
Edisen – Digital Asset Management & Media Production Platform San Diego, CA
● Rapidly grew a team of 2 great resources into a first-class Product team of 12 with 5 PMs, 4 POs, 2 Designers, and a Product Marketer, which transformed a Digital Asset Management application into the Edisen Creative Platform.
● Collaborated with Engineering leadership to institute Agile improvements that resulted in better Scrum collaboration and improved release quality while accelerating deliverables and iterative enhancements cycles.
● Delivered 3 new platform components in the first year, including Tasks, Approvals, and Planning features. Also managed a complete usability overhaul, UI rebranding of the application, and Automation / AI product roadmap. Vice President of Products 2015 to 2019
GroundTruth – Location Data Platform Mountain View, CA
● Delivered a new self-serve product offering, with onboarding workflow and credit card payment integration, which achieved a $5 Million run rate within the first 9 months
● Managed a 10-person product team, which included 7 product managers, 1 program manager, 2 designers
● Led customer-facing application products on GT Location Platform: Ads Manager, Discovery Insights, & Orders Senior Director of Product Management 2009 to 2015 xAd, Inc. – Mobile Advertising Platform New York, NY & San Francisco, CA
● Member of the original startup team that built the company from the ground up to generate $100M+ annual rev.
● Managed a platform that reached 700MM unique devices/mo., 300B ad requests/mo, and 20B global visits/yr
● Launched MarketPlace Discovery, an industry-first location insights platform, and collaborated with Data Science to deliver predictive analytics and optimization solutions for SMB, Mid-Market, Brands and Agencies. Senior Product Manager 2007 to 2008
V-ENABLE, Inc. – Mobile Apps, Search Engine & Voice Recognition San Diego, CA
● Deployed 4 mobile apps that were preloaded on MetroPCS, AllTel, and Cricket Mobile Devices
● Authored requirements for the company’s 1st local search engine and managed search relevance optimization
● Conceptualized opportunities with the executive team, built prototypes of new mobile applications with design & engineering, and validated features with users in beta testing and focus groups. Product Manager 2005 to 2007
Local.com Corporation – Location-Based Search Engine & Advertising Irvine, CA
● Managed affiliate search solutions to more than double the number of users during my tenure
● Championed six separate projects simultaneously to support high-level company goals, including new mobile products (SMS & Mobile Web App)
Product Manager 2001 to 2005
Mitchell 1 / Snap-on Inc. – Automotive Data Platform (SaaS) Poway, CA
● Managed new online solutions that resulted in a company-leading 90%+ customer satisfaction rate
● Responsible for product line P&L, strategic planning, and status reports to executive management
● Increased the customer base of web apps by 140% and increased profit margin by 160% in the first year Michael P. Kirkham
ad1c8d@r.postjobfree.com Innovation Execution 949-***-**** EDUCATION & CERTIFICATES
Prompt Engineering for ChatGTP Certificate 2023
Vanderbilt University
PMC Levels I, II, III Certifications (Product Management Foundations, Data, Design) 2022 Pragmatic Institute
Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) Certificant ID: 000987192 Scrum Alliance 2019
Bachelor of Science: Business Administration, Emphasis: Information Systems San Diego State University, College of Business Administration 2001 linkedin.com/in/MichaelPKirkham
Contact this candidate