Develop MVP Prioritize requirements PRANEETA CHAUDHARY, MBA Write user stories customer interviews
Product Leader MVP GTM Roadmap AI ML Personalization B2C SaaS Tech Media Los Angeles 310-***-**** ad1cic@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/praneetac SUMMARY Define KPIs product metrics manage roadmap Go To Market strategy agile development process Results-oriented Product Leader with 15+ years experience launching products from concept to rollout. Launched 30+ B2C Products generating $75M+ in growth throughout my career, including an AI and ML product that summarizes a trending topic and an ML-based product that provides personalized recommendations. Seeking a Product Leadership position where I bring my product strategy and user empathy to execute strategic goals. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Product Lifecycle Retention Product Growth & Analytics Product led Growth PLG Yahoo Los Angeles, US
Principal Product Manager – Yahoo Search Jun 2022 - Present Achievements:
● Launched the first B2C Generative AI product for Yahoo Search and achieved a 22% increase in user engagement.
● Increased Yahoo search product coverage to 10x by adding 4 more distribution channels, both internal and external.
● Became the Global Product Lead for ‘Trending’ product portfolio across 13 markets. Responsibilities:
● Created the global Product Strategy for AI and ML-powered ‘Trending’ product portfolio impacting 300M users.
● Developed ML and AI Product Roadmaps of 5 B2C products that scaled ‘Trending Searches’.
● Led the MVP development of a B2C AI Product that provided summaries of trending topics & with the quickest rollout.
● Led the Go-to-Market strategy of an ML-based B2C Product focused on e-commerce/shopping events.
● Leveraged ML capabilities to optimize search algorithm, better ranking, and personalized ‘For You’ recommendations.
● Created product requirement document, defined KPIs, and prioritized features against effort/impact for 5 products.
● Captured the Voice of Customers for 5 Trending products by conducting quarterly user research studies.
● Drove cross-functional alignment of product strategy, goals, and executions with 20+ stakeholders globally.
● Collaborated with 40+ engineers, UX, UI, research, and data scientists to execute the AI and ML Product Roadmap. Sr. Manager – Product Growth (Yahoo News, Entertainment & Lifestyle) Oct 2018 - Jun 2022 Achievements:
● Achieved 50% YoY growth in E&L pageviews from external distribution channels (Search, Social, Third Party).
● Grew podcast revenue by 12% YoY by introducing new content formats without using additional resources.
● Moved from an Individual Contributor to a team leader within 6 months.
● Hired and mentored a high-performing team of product managers, SEO Specialists, and Analysts with 0% attrition. Responsibilities:
● Led the Go-to-Market strategy for content distribution across referral channels and content formats. (Articles, Videos, Podcasts).
● Created a Product Roadmap for content distribution focused on product-led growth and prioritized the most impactful opportunities.
● Developed MVP for short-form podcasts using Text-to-speech functionality in collaboration with a third-party vendor.
● Introduced 5 new product features: Article Quality Score, Indexing issues fixes, partner canonical, and listicle article structure resulting in 200% growth in SEO traffic.
● Collaborated with cross-functional teams of 20+ (editorial, product, eng., marketing) to implement the GTM strategy. RAPP (An Omnicom Group Company) Los Angeles, US
Associate Director – Product Analytics Dec 2017 – Oct 2018 Achievements:
● Improved user engagement by 7% by devising a new ML-based onboarding process for AARP’s new customers. Responsibilities:
● Captured the Voice of Customers, identified their pain points, and developed a solution framework.
● Developed KPIs for marketing acquisition campaigns, analyzed performance, and reported results to clients.
● Created Business Requirement Documents (BRDs) and aligned with cross-functional teams. YellowPages.com LLC (now DexYP) Glendale, US
Manager – Product Analytics Aug 2015 – Dec 2017
Achievements:
● Saved $1.2M in annual traffic acquisition cost by introducing a new ML recommendation model for lead generation.
● Increased new acquisitions by 6% by launching a new KPI ‘Return on Ad Spend’ (ROAS) in the sales portal. Responsibilities:
● Developed the MVP “Return on Ad Spend” in the customer acquisition tool that improved new acquisitions by 6%.
● Leveraged data and machine learning capabilities to optimize the traffic acquisition cost for 200,000 customers.
● Created user stories for efficient use of the data warehouse and built new data capabilities.
● Standardized KPIs such as CPL, CPC, ARPU and conducted UAT to ensure data accuracy. DishTV India Limited Noida, India
Senior Product Manager/ Product Manager – Subscriptions May 2011 - Jul 2014
● Increased subscription revenue by 35% for 16M users by devising measurable product growth strategies.
● Partnered with IBM to establish the first ML-based recommendation engine for cross-sell/upsell campaigns.
● Launched 7 new products that collectively contributed to $25M incremental revenue and 2M app downloads.
● Awarded Best Product Launch Campaign at the Loyalty Summit – India’s largest Loyalty Summit.
● Awarded ‘Dish Excellence’, the highest recognition by CEO for the quarter.
● Promoted to Senior Product manager and led a team of 5 PMs, handled two call centers having 500 employees. Bharti Airtel Limited Gurgaon, India
Product Manager –Subscription VOD Jun 2008 – Apr 2011
● Successfully launched 2 Video On Demand services and Paid Gaming service worth $9M.
● Launched Airtel’s first co-branded SVOD channels that achieved 60% awareness within 6 months of launch.
● Supported content selection and refresh frequency of SVOD channels, and devised pricing models and promotional campaigns.
EDUCATION
University of Southern California, Marshall School of Business Los Angeles, CA Master of Business Administration
Indian Institute of Technology Delhi New Delhi, India Masters of Business Administration, Major: Information Systems & Marketing Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University New Delhi, India Bachelor of Technology, Major: Computers Engineering PRODUCT MANAGEMENT SKILLS:B2C B2B Machine Learning IoT AI user stories PRD Cross-functional team agile framework Product Requirements
● Product Management
● Product Roadmap
● Product Strategy
● Stakeholder Management
● A/B Testing
● Data Analytics
● Data Visualization
● Agile Development
● Subscription Revenue
● Project Management
● Cross-functional Team
● Team Management
TECHNICAL SKILLS: JIRA, Confluence, MS Office, SQL, SAP Business Objects, Tableau, Looker, Adobe Reporting.
Contact this candidate