Linda Campione
ad1kp9@r.postjobfree.com • www.linkedin.com/in/mvplindac • East Northport, New York • 631-***-****

Product Manager

Results-driven Product Manager with hands-on experience in marketing management and campaign development. Adept at overseeing all stages of initiatives, managing office operations, cultivating positive relationships, promoting products with innovative and forward-thinking approaches. Track record of implementing marketing strategies and customer service systems with focus on increasing ROI for new products, maximizing profitability through cost reductions and market diversification. Skilled at surpassing client expectations, keeping up with marketing trends, and develop structures while adhering to established budgets and timelines. Innate ability to lead and develop high-performance teams and work in cross-functional environment. Demonstrate exceptional communication, time-management, interpersonal, and sales skills.
Areas of Expertise:
•Marketing & Sales
•Office Management
•Campaign Management
•Project Management
•Vendor Sourcing
•Training & Development
•Customer Service
•Merchandising & Ecommerce
•Budgeting & Costing

Career Experience

Product Manager, John's Crazy Socks. Melville, New York 2017 to 2019
Oversaw general office operations to sustain and improve productivity and efficiency. Performed day-to-day tasks, including inventory/vendor management, vendor selection, planning and budgeting, sock subscriptions, sourcing, and quality assurance activities. Managed marketing campaigns and cultivated effective customer relationships. Responded to around 300 Gorgias messages in a timely manner on social media and via email/phone. Conducted training for new employees to ensure development and agency relations for differently ambled community.
Achieved 50% increase in custom sock program orders as a result of implementing and managing the program.
Developed and implemented cost-effective structures to meet firm objectives and customer targets.
Implemented new customer service system, Gorgias for efficient customer base management.
Enhanced products based on customer data through consultation with product development teams.
Commercial Lines Inspector, CAPO-US. Buffalo, New York 2008 to 2017
Conducted 25 to 30 on average commercial inspections per week and received no complaints from businesses’ and clients. Developed and presented accurate living space diagrams and square footage. Provided convincing recommendations to companies after analysis. Delivered accurate building and employee’s compensation reports and contents to insurance companies.
Prevented losses by identifying potential risks ahead of time.
Fostered positive relations with brokers and agencies to resolve appointment issues.
Enhanced team performance by delivering effective training to new employees throughout probation.
Brand Ambassador, VIP Desk. East Northport, New York 2007 to 2008
Educated customers and prospects on latest offers to promote products and boost sales. Answered up to 10 calls/ minute promptly and in a professional manner. Liaised with the team to maintain high service standards.
Ensured customer satisfaction by providing proactive customer service.
Assessed customers’ needs and resolved issues quickly.
Marketing Liaison, Tropical Paradise. Ronkonkoma, New York 2002 to 2006
Strengthened product branding initiatives and maximized outreach by developing communication campaigns, promotional materials, market intelligence, information and databases for Long Island school lunch market. Forecasted sales numbers and product profitability to determine effective strategies.
Developed agency and long-lasting productive relations through collaboration with sales rep during consultations.
Additional Experience: Admitting Coordinator at St. Catherine's of Sienna Retail Banking and Marketing Acquisition at Chase Manhattan Bank.

Education

Bachelor of Science in Marketing
Long Island University CW Post Campus, New York
Bachelor of Science in Fashion Merchandising
Nassau Community College, New York
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Photoshop, Microsoft Proficient, Excel Expertise, Quick-books
Microsoft Office, Shopify, Bold, Klayvio, Georgias
TRAIINING
Management Training Program at Chemical Bank
Contact this candidate