EXPERIENCED AND PROVEN PROJECT & PRODUCT MANAGER

Collaborative and solutions-driven professional with 10+ years of proven performance in change and program management within financial services. Develops, manages, and leads planning and implementation of high-impact process improvements, integrating technology solutions and automations to promote team growth, operational efficiency, and overall organizational performance.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Operational Leadership
Systems & Process Improvements
Advanced Technology Solutions
Strategy Development & Execution
Portfolio/Project/Product Management
Cost Optimization & Fiscal Oversight
Team Management & Coordination
Cross-Functional Collaboration
Vendor & Stakeholder Relationships

Technical Acumen: Microsoft Office Suite Confluence iGrafx/Visio JIRA Power BI
Tableau Qlik ServiceNow Agile Waterfall PRINCE2 PMP PSM I SDLC

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Senior Vice President – Product & Program Management Bank of New York Mellon Jan. 2020 – Present

Progressively expanded accountabilities within organization, initially as Senior Project, Product & Program Manager, overseeing product optimization and technology implementation, collaborating with key internal and external stakeholders for target alignment to effectively manage delivery to schedule, scope and cost. Responsible for identifying opportunities and creating transformative processes and initiatives bank-wide, monitoring the level of execution to assess effectiveness while mentoring underperformers to meet KPI and OKR targets.

Selected Accomplishments:

Provides leadership support and oversight to 100+ staff, with 3-4 direct reports assisting with day-to-day deliverables. Manages and maintains a portfolio of 3-10 different projects, ranging from $20-$30M total budget year-on-year.
Developed new technology and systems to streamline numerous procedures, including straight-through processing to automate financial transactions, SOPs, and centralization and optimization of processes, improving overall company performance.
Led and successfully managed $38M project to enhance Net Asset Value end-of-day calculation process and minimize headcount requirements for Global Institutional Accounting department.
Implemented Financial Accounting Hub, increasing staff productivity while providing a one-stop solution for all users to access General Ledger data, generating a 7% ROI for the bank.

Senior Project and Program Manager United States Army Sept. 2017 – Dec 2019

Oversaw operations and logistics for a diverse range of organizational subdivisions, maintaining direct ownership over discretionary funds of $60M to $70M. Drove organizational priorities and strategically determined funding allocation to achieve targets, while implementing internal operational improvements and leading multidisciplinary teams to maximize efficiency and performance.

Selected Accomplishment:

Improved internal process efficiency and encouraged a work culture geared towards productivity and cross-functional collaboration by leading seminars to instruct all subdivisions on available tools and increasing interdepartmental transparency.

Senior Project Manager Tory Burch LLC Aug. 2015 – Mar. 2017

Implemented use of Enterprise Resource Planning systems, operations and business process to improve and streamline supply chain and financial operations.

Project Manager Toys R Us Dec. 2014– Aug. 2015

Drove streamlined logistics for e-Commerce orders, ensuring timely and accurate deliveries through cross-functional leadership. Directly oversaw 4 department supervisors, 2 systems managers, and 400+ personnel.

Infantry Officer United States Army 2007 – 2013

KEY AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Strategic Planning: Identify key areas for improvement, coordinating with leaders and technology providers to create tailored process solutions that best address performance inefficiencies. Structure execution strategies in alignment with operational targets to deliver impactful changes and improvements throughout the organization.
Project Oversight: Oversee alignment of systems and processes across projects, fulfilling all resource and execution requirements based on project size and priority level. Regularly interact with project teams to keep abreast of progress, and coordinate adjustments or project updates in alignment with leadership expectations.
Performance Management: Manage and monitor P&L and other key metrics across all LOBs, ensuring fulfillment of staffing and resource requirements, as well as acknowledgement of stakeholder feedback to continue achieving overall efficiency.
Team Leadership: Manage and coordinate personnel through a consensus-building approach, allowing team members to identify challenges and communicate potential solutions, encouraging accountability. Empower teams by providing resources for planning and implementation, facilitating ongoing growth and success.
Technology Solutions: Develop a network of technology partners to support process optimization efforts, gaining access to more advanced tools to utilize platforms that best complement internal bank procedures.
Cross-Functional Collaboration: Establish engagement with key leaders of cross-functional teams to seamlessly coordinate process improvements, including new systems and optimizations. Collaborate with managers to break down silos and encourage participation throughout the change process.
Leadership Coordination: Operate autonomously, while ensuring collaboration with senior leadership for top-level decision making and strategic discussions on critical process solutions, driving organizational alignment.
Fiscal Oversight: Deliver cost-efficient solutions through active coordination with product and process owners, understanding operational activities impacting service delivery to properly recommend priority changes and consistently meet client requirements. Lead collaboration with SMEs and leadership to work on best-value programs that guarantee high-cost savings for company.

ADDITIONAL NOTEWORTHY EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION & PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

Master of Business Administration, Finance Rutgers University
Master of Science, Project Management Central Michigan University
Bachelor of Arts, History Molloy College
Project Management Professional (PMP) Credential #: 3461189
Professional Scrum Master I (PSM I)
Leading SAFe
Contact this candidate