Program Management
AWS Cloud Services
Product Roadmap Development
Technical Marketing
Solutions Engineering
Product Launches
End-User & Customer Experience
Competitive Analysis
SKILLS
TECHNICAL PRODUCT MANAGER (NOS)
Neuron Drop, Inc. Santa Clara, CA / September 2017 – Present Collaborate, strategize, and brainstorm with co-founders on initiating GPU networking solutions for large scale image processing.
• Play an integral role in raising $4M seed, VC, and A round funding by showcasing the startup’s long-term growth potential to the investors. Generated $24M in revenue, and grow the company over 4 years in double digits
• Command a team of 15+ algorithm and software engineers and control task planning and code reviews in the USA and Asia offices.
• Maintain full accountability for the strategic planning and successful execution of all phases and components of complex technical projects.
• Prioritize top-level product development by working closely with cross-functional teams in product marketing and IT Infrastructure management and engineering teams located in Asia.
• Exemplify rapid prototyping and commercialization expertise to accelerate revenue realization and growth within 6 months.
• Provide strategic direction and guidance to key technical projects, such as streamlining and optimizing AI-based product specifications.
• Support executive-level functionalities of the CEO while functioning as a team- oriented and results-driven manager, coach, and leader. Key Accomplishments:
o Keynoted for the success in signing and closing an OEM deal with Chinook drone company for visual image processing.
o Carried out product testing and experimentation trials of multi-array camera lens technology for autonomous delivery drones. o Employed in-depth knowledge of AI engineering to provide technical input and recommendations on AI-based camera market drivers. EDUCATION
Seasoned, results-oriented computer industry PM, with 16+ years of extensive management experience in the end-to-end product life cycle, from business requirements gathering to successful deployment, in two self-started startup companies and 4 Fortune-100 public entities, all as a go-to Senior Technical Product Manager, with the ability to lead and work with cross-functional teams in a fast-paced, dynamic environment to plan, build, and launch: industry cutting-edge technology products: Apple, Cisco, Meta, Netflix, Tencent, Sony PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
GORDON LU (US Citizen)
GENERATIVE AI – TECHNICAL PRODUCT MANAGEMENT – CLOUD COMPUTING 408-***-****
ad1lme@r.postjobfree.com
Saratoga, CA 95070
linkedin.com/in/dgordon/
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Areas of Expertise:
Proven track record of championing technical solutions for Data Center Cloud Computing and large-scale artificial neural network implementation, with 10+ years of performance history working in the SRE and Ops Engineering industry. Possess 5 technical invention patents.
A smart, resourceful leader with utmost passion and entrepreneurial spirit in co-founding and launching 2 startup companies worldwide.
Subject matter expert at AI development frameworks such as Google TensorFlow, Intel OpenCV, and Nvidia CUDA DNN.
Possess strong market knowledge and experience in the following industries: Streaming movies and TV shows, Netflix subscription Payments, NFT FinTech, SaaS Enterprise software platform, Application Programming Interface (“APIs”) on Amazon AWS, and Platform as a Service (“PaaS”), and Drone as a Service (DAAS). Ph.D. Candidate in Artificial
Intelligence
Carnegie Mellon University,
Pittsburgh, PA
Bachelor of Science
University of Oregon, Eugene, OR
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE ( continued)
GORDON LU(US Citizen)
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE – PRODUCT MANAGEMENT – CLOUD COMPUTING 408-***-****
ad1lme@r.postjobfree.com
Saratoga, CA 95070
linkedin.com/in/dgordon/
DIRECTOR OF TECHNICAL SOLUTIONS & PRODUCT MANAGER
SUPERMICRO, Inc. San Jose, CA / December 2014 – September 2017 Oversaw delivery of technical software defined switching solutions to the customers of renowned OEM companies such as IBM, Amazon, Yahoo, Verizon, Google, and Apple.
• Delivered operational oversight to a team of 4 engineers accountable for efficiently implementing large-scale and cloud-based GPU.
• Employed exemplary project management skills to oversee task delegation and schedule tracking to ensure project success.
• Highly contributed to the optimization and redesigning of the Large SAN Scalability Test Architecture.
• Spearheaded the development and execution of a large fiber channel network scalability with top-tier security functions.
• Instigated and implemented experimental trials on Docker container and VMWare with powerful I/O security and encryptions.
• Oversaw the systematic delivery of large Amazon cloud services and the deployments with IBM and LinkedIn.
SENIOR TECHNICAL MARKETING & PRODUCT MANAGER
Cisco Systems, San Jose, CA / May 2012 – December 2014 Championed leadership qualities to direct a high-performing team of technical marketing engineers in service providers switching networks.
• Prioritized the success of marketing events on a worldwide level by applying keen attention to detail in assigning tasks and tracking schedules.
• Streamlined Large Routing protocols Scalability Test Architecture (re-)Design while actively participating with IEEE, SANMark, UNH, and PlugFest.
• Performed scalability testing on OSPF and storage related large fiber channel network to measure its performance and ensure optimal user experience.
• Investigated, scrutinized, and conducted experimentations with intense secured, encrypted I/O, and distributed Solar and Linux.
SENIOR TECHNICAL PM, CLOUD SERVICES (AWS)
Netflix, Los Gatos, CA / March 2010 – May 2012
Controlled the delivery of AWS Cloud Services to implement large-scale video streaming networks to world wide video streaming and content subscribers
• Engaged and collaborated with content teams on studio content contracts while overseeing quality control of a dynamic video streaming platform.
• Expertly utilized cloud services architecture to strategically stream through partner large scale CDN networks, on mobile devices and small screen devices TECHNICAL SKILLS
Programming Languages:
C/C++, Python, Java, REACT,
JIRA
Operating Systems: Windows,
Linux, Solaris, VMWare,
Docker, Kubernetes,
AWS/Azure
Network Environments: Linux,
OS2, TCP/IP, OSPF
SASS/PAAS, OpenShift/JIRA
Cloud/Databases: Oracle E-
Business applications, non-
SQL Server, Salesforce,
AMAZON AWS, D
Intellectual Property: Filed and
granted multiple technical
invention patents in chip
design, AI Algorithm
408-***-****
Saratoga, CA 95070
linkedin.com/in/dgordon/
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE ( continued)
GORDON LU (US Citizen)
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE – PRODUCT MANAGEMENT – CLOUD COMPUTING ad1lme@r.postjobfree.com FOUNDER/DIRECTOR OF SYSTEMS PM Anchiva Systems, Inc., Santa Clara, CA / October 2004 – April 2010 Championed strong entrepreneurship ability to institute, establish, and command an internet security company with 100+ employees worldwide.
• Administered and controlled the management of all engineering, research, and development (R&D) and customer deployment activities.
• Captained the origination and business development of a world-class QA engineering organization from the ground up to the revenue stage.
• Strived for organic organizational growth by sourcing and working with 70+ engineers, technicians, and contractors, spanning 3 continents.
• Led QA development process of all SW and HW or ASIC testing components selection, design, debugging, and architectural implementation.
• Drove automation of the testing procedures of APIs and CLIs for Anti-virus and anti- spyware, including anti-cross-site scripting with Java.
• Implemented in-depth knowledge and hands-on experience with static and dynamic analysis tools and techniques.
• Oversaw control and data line control cards, device drivers, L3-L7 protocols or proxy definition, network management, client or server, full redundancy and protection, load sharing, and balancing schemes.
SYSTEMS SOLUTION PRODUCT MANAGER
Apple Computer, 1 Infinite loop, Cupertino, CA / May 2002 – October 2004 Advanced hands-market on extensive experience background with in bringing in-depth new mobile mobile computing technology end user to worldwide needs and
• Built a world-class MacOS engineering device group with 5 engineers, technicians, and contractors
• Responsible for the design, implementation, and maintenance of the drivers, frameworks, and tools that are the foundation for MacOS platforms
• Bring up mobile devices' cellular baseband and application processors.
• Build cross-functional consensus and negotiate detailed technical alignment, focus on a nexus of collaboration for mobile end user technologies with different groups PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS
MEMBER
Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers
Information and Communications & Photonics
Contact this candidate