Ryan Haber
ad1lgu@r.postjobfree.com + https://linkedin.com/in/ryanhaber +301-***-**** + 6015 43rd St., Hyattsville, MD 20781 Summary
Hands-on and client-focused technical product manager. 7+ years of product owner and product management experience. Extensive experience with APIs, integration, data management, and data visualization. Strong project management skills who takes ownership of the product development lifecycle from product discovery to QA testing and final delivery.
Key Attributes and Skills
● Product Management and Software Development
Best Practices
● Lean, Agile Mindset and Team Leadership
● Strong Communication and Stakeholder
Management
● User Stories and User StoryMapping
● HTML, CSS, Javascript, Python, Java, SQL
● AWS, System Architecture, DevOps Essentials
● B2B, B2SMB, B2C Experience
Experience
Technical Product Manager, Platform and Public APIs Degreed March 2021 - Present
● Eliminated or completed all 7 outstanding client commitments by prioritizing and renegotiating. Preventing further commitments has accelerated the team's ability to address broader market demands rapidly.
● Developed and implemented a product strategy to pivot the public API platform from a reporting use-case to an integration use-case to shift the balance of integration work from the organization to partners in the Degreed ecosystem.
● Shifted 8/105 integrations onto partners with more in the works. This allows the integrations team to focus on high-impact integrations while increasing the value of the API platform.
● Scaled Degreed’s public API platform from ~11,000,000 requests per month to ~36,000,000 requests per month over two years, with an average response time of 0.29 seconds and an error rate of ~0.03% for 350+ clients and a customer base of ~3.5 million users.
● Reduced average time-to-hello-world (onboarding time) from 4+ weeks to ~1 day by designing and driving usability improvements and developer documentation that significantly improved developer experience.
● Established operations to minimize delays and improve team velocity by 50% using a lean approach to deliver individually valuable improvements every sprint.
● Executed a program to mentor 20+ coworkers who want to learn product management, product strategy, or API technology.
● Managed the development of the product’s core platform, including the evolution of internal messaging, identity and access management (IAM), single sign-on (SSO) improvements, user notifications, performance, accessibility framework adoption, and code migration.
● Coordinated with all parts of the business (Product Marketing, Sales, Sales Engineers, Customer Success, Technical Support, Product Design, Architects, Engineering, Data Science, DevOps, Program Management, Security Operations, and Accessibility) especially GTM teams, to build consensus around the right product to deliver, to deliver it at the right time, and to deliver it with the right amount of splash and support to achieve business objectives through careful stakeholder management. Technical Product Manager
Enovational June 2019 - March 2021
● Managed a team of 5 interdisciplinarymembers to set up a $15m 3-year contract project to analyze government client lines of business for 28 agencies in the Maryland Department of Agriculture, identify pain points, design solutions, and configure both Salesforce and proprietary platforms to digitize and automate the client’s CRM and ERP business applications, data, and workflows.
● Delivered $2m in deliverables in the first 12 months and established practices and plans for the remainder of the project.
● Worked with engineering and UX teams to guide the development of technical SaaS web application product features:
API endpoints
in-app API connection manager
formula editor and functions catalog
spreadsheet/table calculations
● Collaborated in developing the product roadmap for technical features including API endpoints and in-app API-based connection manager.
● Served as an internal consultant for 5 cross-functional teams facing difficult technical challenges in client solution work, such as multi-step integrations via REST API or FTP.
● Led the development of a data migration tool on the AWS cloud to facilitate ingestion (ETL) of client data at scale. Sr Content Designer / Developer Documentation and Community Blackboard September 2017 - June 2019
● Launched the Blackboard administrators and developers Slack workspace hub and led growth to 1200+ daily active users in support of our client, partner, and developer communities.
● Gathered 15 executive, managerial, and engineering stakeholders in a series of roundtables to build a single API design standard for all product APIs to provide a consistent interface for a superior developer experience (DX).
● Represented Blackboard on a judging panel for the Nittany AI Challenge that awarded $150k in seed money to contestants for AI projects.
● Used analytical methods to track user engagement with the 400-page API documentation and developer community site to make improvements and reduce transactions with customer support. Product Owner / Developer Documentation and Outreach Zoomdata August 2015 - September 2017
● Led a team of 5 to develop a new documentation portal, ensuring all product strategies and development stages were followed for a superior product.
● Conducted the data migration of 1100+ HTML documents (extract, transform, and load) from a previous cloud solution to the new custom website.
● Implemented a CI/CD pipeline and enabled content delivery on demand on the new platform.
● Significantly increased search engine optimization (SEO) metrics, resulting in ~50% of organic search results being provided by the new platform.
● Received positive feedback from all stakeholders, delighted with the new platform’s enhanced features and functionalities.
● Spearheaded the development of a web components library and led a team of 4 engineers, achieved uniformity in Zoomdata's UI and enhanced user experience across products. Lead Technical Writer
Perfect Sense Digital April 2015 - August 2015
Contract Technical Writer
Freelance January 2013 - April 2015
SDK Technical Writer
MicroStrategy, Tysons Corner, VA December 2010 - June 2013 Education
Loyola University Maryland
B.A. cum Laude, History
● 3 years of coursework in computer science included: data structures and algorithms, compilers, a survey of programming languages, and more.
Contact this candidate