Jess Birton

PRODUCT MANAGER

Consummate professional with astute business acumen, confident and proven leader in multi-discipline and high-pressure environments. Recognized as an outstanding worker and for demonstrating superior managerial qualities. Well-developed management capabilities, moved rapidly through the ranks frequently operating at a level exceeding current position or requirements. Provide effective supervision by mentoring and developing entry level associates both professionally and personally, leading by example. Demonstrating
exceptional analytical, tactical, and technical proficiency. Highly capable of prioritizing workload, delegating tasks, generating reports, and producing top team performance in high stress work conditions.

Core Competencies include:

Warehouse Management Word/ Excel proficient
Critical Thinking Skills Forklift operator
Quality Assurance / Quality Control Troubleshooting Skills
Collaborative Teamwork and Leadership Project Management

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Group Leader / Warehouse Manager Food Marketing Group Inc. 2013- 2020
●Responsible for the maintenance of more than $210k in equipment and machinery.
●Achieved a reputation for identifying opportunities to improve processes and operations, collaborating with Senior Managers, and implementing improvements.
●Effectively utilized specialized training to coach and mentor subordinates to enhance their learning abilities and overall performance.
●Routinely conducted management presentations in problem solving, operational, and cross-discipline data analysis.
Product Manager / Logistics/ QA Analyst
●Oversaw operations of 12 accounts that ran 24/7 in order to make production quotas. Managed a staff of 5 CDL drivers, 8 warehouse Associates and warehouse Foreman.
●Rewrote the company standard operating procedures for Logistics. Detailing the proper steps and procedures to ship and receive various refrigerated freight/ product which resulted in increased efficiency.
●Implemented processes that protected various Food Marketing Group Inc. clients from more than $500K in material losses.
EDUCATION

CU Denver Auraria Campus Denver, CO
Literature/ General Studies
2001-2003
EPA 608 Universal Certification ESCO
E-R HVACR Electrical Certification
OSHA 10 Safety Card
2019
Contact this candidate