KATIE PARVEEN
S e n i o r P r o d u c t M a n a g e r
10+ years of experience as a Senior Product Manager driving strategic product roadmaps while leading execution through global product development teams. Extremely data-driven with a tenacity for user analytics, establishing KPIs, and monitoring funnels to identify customer pain points. Leveraging my 5+ years experience as a senior developer, well-versed in collaborating with technical architects on backend API dependencies, with a strong technical aptitude to dive deep into disparate technologies while simultaneously working closely with external clients and business stakeholders and delineating complex technical concepts in a concise, compelling presentation. Proven track record for delivering customer-centric user experiences by balancing user research, market research, and product analytics. Skilled in all aspects of product development, from design and wireframing to reporting and release planning. Stellar product visionary with a passion for ideation, design, and execution. 859-***-****
Dallas, TX
ad1t3x@r.postjobfree.com
linkedin.com/in/katie-parveen
SUMMARY
SKILLS
JIRA, Confluence, Figma, SQL, Adobe Analytics, React.js, Agile, Scrum, Power BI, Azure DevOps, Product Management, Product strategy, Product development, Product lifecycle, Product launch, Stakeholder management, Market analysis, Competitive analysis, Customer feedback, Market trends, Industry research, Project planning, Kanban, Data-driven decision-making, Analytics, Key Performance Indicators (KPIs), Strategic thinking, Product roadmap, Customer satisfaction, User experience (UX), API, VOC, Technology integration, Feature prioritization, ROI analysis, Pricing strategy, Cost-benefit analysis, Portfolio, Asana, SaaS, Draw.io, Gap Analysis, Trello, Cloud Computing, Personas, Empathy Map, Tableau, VersionOne, CI/CD pipelines, A/B Testing, PaaS, MongoDB, E- Commerce, Swagger, Postman, Rally, Qlik, Adobe XD, AEM, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Office, Business Analysis, Javascript, User Metrics, MIRO, Mural, Pivotal Tracker, Notion, Python, Gitlab, Competitive Analysis, B2B/B2C, Strategic Planning, Zendesk, Axosoft, AWS Cloud, Risk Mitigation, Customer Journey, CRM, Data Analysis, Data Visualization, GitHub, Twillio, Google Analytics EXPERIENCE
Driven the execution of all processes in the product lifecycle, including product and market research, competitor analysis, planning, positioning, requirements and roadmap development, and product launch. Collaborated with engineering teams and successfully launched multiple products on AWS resulting in a 15% increase in product performance and scalability.
Developed and executed a comprehensive product strategy for leveraging React.js to enhance user experiences. Actively contributed as a hands-on senior developer in development, automation, testing, and environment management activities.
Established robust relationships with stakeholders, ensuring seamless communication throughout the product development lifecycle, aligning with overarching business objectives. Lead as a strategic partner to IT senior leadership, effectively communicating the key business benefits and implications of technology decisions and outcomes to Product Owners, stakeholders at all levels Spearheaded cross-functional teams to develop and launch high-value products from ideation to release. Accelerated product development by implementing DevOps practices and CI/CD pipelines, enabling the team to deliver usable product increments at a rapid pace.
Orchestrated the transition to a microservices architecture, enhancing scalability and flexibility, and ensuring efficient communication between components, leading to improved product performance and reliability. Partnered with senior technical architects to design and implement robust RESTful APIs, optimizing request payloads for seamless integration and data efficiency.
Conducted rigorous performance analysis, identifying and rectifying issues related to chatty APIs in collaboration with solution architects, resulting in significantly improved system responsiveness and reduced latency. Established clear objectives and measurable key results (OKRs) to drive team focus and track progress, ensuring strategic alignment with organizational goals.
Utilized Analytical tools to gather insights into user behaviors and preferences and translated data findings into actionable improvements.
Aptitude Technologies, Dallas, TX Jul 2021 - current Senior Product Manager
Successfully navigated the ambiguity and uncertainty of a complex and challenging e-commerce product launch, making sound decisions under pressure and delivering results on time and within budget. Architected and documented APIs using Postman, defining restful endpoints for microservices, resulting in optimized system response times and adherence to SLA targets.
Successfully navigated the ambiguity and uncertainty of a complex and challenging product launch, making sound decisions under pressure and delivering results on time and within budget. Worked alongside senior technical architects to implement robust error handling and response strategies in RESTful APIs, ensuring uninterrupted service under high traffic loads and minimizing disruptions. Conducted comprehensive benchmarking and load testing in tandem with solution architects, simulating real-world scenarios to pinpoint performance bottlenecks and optimize request handling. Partnered with senior technical and solution architects to design and implement API versioning strategies, ensuring smooth transitions during updates while maintaining backward compatibility for existing integrations. Orchestrated the refinement of backlogs with meticulous attention to detail, optimizing development workflows and facilitating timely product releases, contributing to a greater acceleration in product development timelines. Precisely translated business needs into clear and concise user stories and acceptance criteria, ensuring efficient and accurate communication between technical and non-technical teams. Employed Figma for collaborative design processes and integrated payment gateways like Stripe and Twillio. Steward of product roadmap, effectively communicating product vision, key milestones, and dependencies to stakeholders, cross-functional teams, and executive leadership.
Platter Apps, New York, NY Apr 2018 - May 2021
Senior Technical Product Manager
CW Technologies, Chicago, IL Feb 2013 - Mar 2018
Technical Product Manager
Strategically prioritized and mapped user stories to goals, ensuring that the product roadmap was a finely tuned instrument that precisely aligned with customer needs and overarching business objectives. Implemented agile principles, including iterative development, feedback loops, and continuous improvement, thereby ensuring that the product's journey was one characterized by adaptability, flexibility, and focused on delivering value to customers. Prioritized and mapped user stories to strategic goals, ensuring that the product roadmap aligned with customer needs and business objectives.
Meticulously crafted comprehensive acceptance criteria to ensure seamless collaboration during sprint refinement with cross- functional scrum teams and successful product delivery. Created Adobe Analytics Dashboards to track product health, customer journey, sales funnel, and KPIs. Leveraged data-driven metrics and A/B testing for precise forecasting and informed product enhancements, driving performance and innovation.
Gathered VOC intelligence as it relates to current and potential product offerings. Lead annual pricing strategy through understanding of market acceptance and competitive landscape Oversaw and reviewed existing product category inventory as it relates to turns and forecast to sales ratios Worked closely with analytics and uses internal data tools to understand measure success and impact to critical metrics. Prioritized and maintained the sprint backlog consistent with the Outcomes and Product Roadmap and performed story elaboration with the implementation team.
Communicated and collaborated cross-functionally across multiple teams in operations, technology and planning to define strategic roadmaps while keeping the impact of the solution to all stakeholders. EDUCATION
Ph.D Computer Science
MTW University
Masters Computer Science
Anna University
Masters (Research) Computer Science
MTW University
CERTIFICATIONS / COURSES
CSPO CSM Google Analytics Oracle Cloud Associate Google Data Analytics Postman API AWS Agile with Atlassian JIRA Confluence Fundamentals Create Machine Learning Models in Microsoft Azure Microsoft Azure Relational Database Power BI Development Fundamentals of Digital Marketing Prepare, Clean, Transform and Load Data using Power BI
Contact this candidate