Jing Bai
Gender : Male
D.O.B : **/****
TEL : 341-***-****
Email : ad1t70@r.postjobfree.com
Location: Fremont CA
Linkedin : linkedin.com/in/jing-bai-aa450b41
education background: bachelor

work experience
Shanghai XinHai HR Co.,LTD
Project manager
2021/11-2022/12
As a project manager, I have presided over more than five large-scale system development projects during this stage. The project including employee information management, employee time record punching, salary settlement, salary payment and other contents.
Flexibly respond to project changes, and confirm whether to develop requirements strictly in accordance with the roadmap. Ensure the normal operation of information systems and continuously improve their performance value.
Achievements: All five projects were completed on time and the quality of the products was guaranteed. Team cooperation was very harmonious, after the project was completed, the product was successfully run after promotion. The cumulative value of the five projects reached 6 million yuan
Shanghai Donghao HR Co.,LTD
Project manager & Product manager
2011/10-2021/11
I have worked in this company for ten years,Job responsibilities can be divided into three stages.
2011-2015 Product manager
As a product manager, I am mainly responsible for product roadmap, product design and connection with developers.Design PC website independently, including website front desk, website management system, data analysis system, including intelligent matching system.In the later stage, I designed the Android and IOS versions of the website according to the needs, assisted the marketing operation department to do relevant marketing promotion, and obtained a good use score.
Achievements:The site has 200,000 users and 50,000 paying customers. The annual revenue is 3 million yuan. Set up the Product department and manage the product department to continuously produce new functions.
2015-2018
At this stage, I moved more into the role of website operation and project management. Supervise product development department and coordinate resources to accelerate product development and launch. The main work is to set and manage the development plan of the project. It opens up the barriers of product design and development departments, makes product design ideas can be realized faster, and the mode of agile project management has played a very important role.
Achievements:Obtained PMI.Managed and achieved the completion of over twenty projects. Including the functional development of network products, Marketing Department promotion and activities. Most of the projects were very successful and effectively increased the value of the product. There are also some products that fail to get equal benefits, but the management experience as a project manager has been greatly improved.
2018-2021
At this stage, the focus of my work began to shift to systematic risk monitoring, using more intelligent means to strengthen risk analysis and prevention of commercial customers.Use big data function to collect business customer information, and obtain customer anti-risk ability assessment report through data analysis. Including but not limited to enterprise credit, employment data, salary data, business data, according to the comprehensive score to give customers the corresponding account period, delay payment or provide loans.
Achievements:Establish an enterprise risk assessment system, including product functions and data models. Through the system rating, the commercial unsecured loan of 200 million yuan was completed. Helped customers alleviate the difficulties of capital shortage.

Work skills
Project manager: data analysis\ Business plan writing\ Development cycle management\ Project communication skills
Product manager: Product Design (PC Android IOS) \ Business system function design\ PRD writing
Contact this candidate