SANDRA FONG
OVERVIEW
OBJECTIVE
EXPERIENCE
EDUCATION
AA Liberal Arts, Business (Honors), 1994 Mission College Santa Clara, CA Training courses: Management at Sun Microsystems and Silicon Graphics, Inc., APIC Classes, PMP Certification courses and PMP continuing education classes, Microsoft Excel & Project classes, MS office 384 Avenida Manzanos San Jose, CA 95123 408-***-**** ad1us5@r.postjobfree.com Senior Engineering Program Manager with a comprehensive background in NPI planning, NPI engineering design, product development, product management, PCBA & PCB manufacturing, sustaining and supply chain management of high-tech products. Expertise in the conceptualization and execution of innovative ideas in new product development, as well as enhancement and sustaining of existing products. Proficient in operational, systems and procedures, business management, overall organizational skills. Outstanding record of achievements developing state-of-the-art technologies, under budget and on-schedule Senior Engineering Program Manager/ New Products Development /Sustaining Program Manager / Production Program Manager
Sept 2019 -
present
Nebulon Inc. - Senior Hardware Engineering Program Manager
• Leads complex, multi-disciplinary projects, create and track engineering HW development schedules and milestones through various NPI gates, working with electrical and mechanical engineers on design releases, including CM PCB and PCBA builds and line bring-up, test plans, manufacturing SOPs, allocations, yield reporting, and failure analysis. Manage vendor deliverables, ensure proper validation testing and certifications. Manage entire project lifecycle, project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating goals to project stakeholders to keep all the players coordinated on the project's progress and deadlines. New Product Introduction (NPI) interface to the manufacturing test development and deployment of test infrastructure, managing test development budgets, and overall execution of test development.
• Procure servers, test stations, critical components, implementation of information technology needs, including co-lo, hardware, software and data management. Propose and monitor approved operational budget to cover hardware and software purchases and other expenditures. Manage NPI outsourced services, sustaining production of products and lead post-launch failure analysis including setting up a return policy. Oct 2006 –
Sept 2019
Hewlett Packard - Hewlett Packard Enterprise - Engineering Program Manager, NPI Operations Program Manager
3PAR (Hewlett Packard acquired Dec 2010) - NPI Operations Program Manager, Engineering Release Manager, Project Coordinator
• Managed all aspects of the product line from the HW product development through life cycle management for enterprise class storage servers, successfully lead cross-functional teams utilizing Product life cycle framework to deliver 3 generations of the InServ platforms (FT&V series) Communicated program progress, escalations, and issued analysis to product stakeholders, collaborated with management and internal manufacturing and development partners to recommend and implement changes to product, processes and business practices to resolve escalated issues, and ensure adherence to budgets and established product roadmaps and schedules.
Contact this candidate