Lisa Jones
ad1wsa@r.postjobfree.com • LinkedIn
Brooklyn NY • 509-***-****

Product Marketing Strategist
A cross functional business leader driving development of products, services, and enterprise strategy across digital and analog touch points to give comprehensive, unified, and authoritative presence to brands.

“Lisa is a highly skilled and experienced marketing manager with a proven track record of success. She has a strong understanding of the customer experience and is passionate about developing innovative solutions that improve the way customers interact with brands. (Harry Jin, Checksum)

Areas of Expertise
Market Research and analysis
CRM + CMS + WordPress expert
Event Planning & Promotion
Client relationships and account base extensions
Comfortable with DevOps & APIs
Project & Product Management
Social Media Marketing & Advertising
UX, UI, CX & Journey Design
Go-to-Market Strategy
Database Management
SAAS License Expertise
Translate technical information to stakeholders with non-IT backgrounds

Accomplishments

●Consulted for and won a multimillion-dollar in-building telecommunications project at the Samsung Taylor Texas Fab
●Established a quarterly B2B email newsletter with an average open rate greater than >20% and increased inbound web leads by over 50% month over month.
●Generated an estimated yearly sale of over $2 million USD from inbound marketing leads by using Salesforce, Google Analytics, and LinkedIn Advertising.

Career Experience

Samsung SDSA– Ridgefield Park, NJ (System integration & IT division) 11/2021 – 6/2023
Senior Business Analyst – Solution Service Part, Intelligent Business group (Hybrid)
Lisa was a product owner as well as other projects, partnerships and requests for proposals and quotes. She played a key role developing the primary account client relationship.

“Our projects were complex and demanding, with tight timelines and changes in scope requested by the business team. Lisa, however, was unfazed and with her immense intelligence, exceptional skills, and commendable dedication, she was an invaluable part of the team. Her stellar business planning gave us a major edge when it came to navigating the intricacies of Samsung and delivering high-quality finished products. Lisa is an exceptionally team-oriented individual and worked hard to ensure that the project was always delivered above and beyond what was required. Her friendly, yet professional demeanor was highly appreciated during this process. All in all, Lisa has been an invaluable asset to our team, and I cannot recommend her highly enough. “Won Ho Lee – Full-Stack Lead Developer

●Demonstrated strong product ownership skills by leading the development and management of CR2, a room, desk, and other asset booking platform. Built out enterprise resource planning (ERP) functions and wayfinding partnership with 22miles to meet Samsung Austin Semiconductor (SAS) client requirements.
●Consulted on & conducted market analysis for in-building DAS (distributed antenna system) telecommunications project (~$5 million) ensuring high quality telecommunications infrastructure to meet flag ship SAS facilities. Understanding frequency bands and capacity & coverage, backhaul etc.
●Fostered strategic partnerships with companies / start-ups specializing in IoT, ai artificial intelligence and natural language processing for customer & client projects. Win buy in from senior stake holders by showing how these technologies will drive competitive advantage.
●Gained a comprehensive understanding of enterprise systems, including business intelligence, omnichannel, scrum & agile, vendor management, annual recurring revenue models with pro-rated service upgrades, SAAS licensing and more to improve overall decision-making and ROI.
Checksum LLC – Greater Seattle Area (Integrated chip quality control test equipment manufacturer) 2018 – 2021
Marketing Communications Manager (Remote + travel)
Lisa had a focus on a new website launch and SEO program. She played a major role in modernizing the site to meet the goals & expectations of visitors. She downsized the total web page #s and put the most needed information in easy to find locations (BLUF). This opened the door to the in-bound, content marketing model. Used salesforce CRM and custom html designs to build marketing program.
In her previous role at CheckSum, Lisa was responsible for developing a new user support web portal. She successfully managed the project from start to finish, working closely with cross-functional teams to ensure that the project was completed on time and within budget. Lisa is a highly effective communicator and leader. She can clearly articulate her vision and rally team members around common goals. She is a highly motivated and results-oriented individual who is always looking for ways to improve. She is also a team player who is always willing to share her knowledge and expertise.” Harry Jin manager Checksum
●Established and operated a highly niche Business to Business (B2B) email newsletter campaign, achieving an outstanding average open rate exceeding 20%. This ensured consistent engagement, communication & educational with the target audience. Owned all design, content, html, analytics & reporting to CEO.
●Led trade show marketing & engineer recruitment efforts, including booth signage & designs, hard copy materials strategy, product demonstrations, QR code registration, list management, follow up campaigns & more.
●Proficiently utilized Salesforce, Google Analytics, HTML builders and LinkedIn advertising to optimize marketing campaigns, track performance metrics, and target specific audience segments. This maximized the effectiveness of marketing initiatives and provided measurable results.
Agentpoint (Now part of Reapit) – Sydney, Australia (Real estate web development Company) 2017 – 2018
Marketing & Brand Coordinator (In-person et all)
Lisa used HubSpot CRM to establish a variety of email campaigns & landing pages. She also organized an in-person conference for small business owners and consulted on UX and design on the websites of our more actively involved clients. She held various key responsibilities as Marketing & Brand Coordinator for a family of industry specific web development agencies that had recently merged (Netpoint Group) and both partnered with a common offshore team, SoftwareSeni, in Yogyakarta.

During her time at Agentpoint, Lisa made significant contributions to the company's marketing efforts. She developed and executed highly effective marketing strategies that resulted in increased brand awareness, lead generation, and sales. Lisa is a strategic thinker with a keen eye for identifying market trends. She is also a creative and innovative marketer who can develop campaigns that capture the attention of target audiences. In addition to her marketing skills, Lisa is also an excellent leader and collaborator. She can motivate and inspire her team to achieve great results. I have no doubt that Lisa would be an asset to any marketing team. I highly recommend her for any position.” Imad Dabir Agentpoint
Go-to market strategy for Digital Real Estate Proposals (https://www.agentpoint.com.au/real-estate/multimedia-solutions/proposal-point/)
CMS Property listing integration. Our API was a main selling point of our sites because it would push property listing across hundreds of existing integrations with CRMs and third-party platforms.
●Successfully established and managed a highly effective quarterly B2B email newsletter, achieving an outstanding industry average open rate exceeding 20%, thereby ensuring consistent engagement and communication with the target audience.
●Proficiently utilized Salesforce, Google Analytics, and LinkedIn advertising to optimize marketing campaigns, track performance metrics, and target specific audience segments, ultimately maximizing the effectiveness of marketing initiatives and driving measurable results.
Objective Experience / Research Network – Sydney (User Experience research firm) 2016 – 2017
Marketing Assistant
Lisa oversaw the creation, maintenance, and updating of the corporate website. The site was designed to bring higher engagement and conversions by being more engaging, and user-friendly.

●Implemented referral, recruitment, and testimonials campaigns for user testing of client corporations retail web pages and apps. Served clients in banking and automotive.
●Increased social media engagement 600% in a 6-month period.
●CRM (Bullhorn) management and clean up as well as improvements to data analytics dashboard.
●Collaborated to conduct web and app testing, eye tracking technology testing (tobii), user journeys, personas, and more while reliably communicating insights and implementation suggestions to clients.

Additional Experience, Credentials & Certifications:
●Board of Directors – L’Arche Tahoma Hope, 2023
●LinkedIn Press Release Course Certificate, 2021
●Video Production & Editing Intensive Course - Chiang Mai, 2020
●Contributing Editorial Writer - Stoney Roads Australia, 2014 – 2018
●US Army First Lieutenant -Office Manager - US Army (2014 - 2015)
●Performer & Event Support - Copenhagen International Theatre, 2013)

Education

Art History & Basic Welding, 2019-2020
Wenatchee Valley College

Programming for Non-Programmers 2017
General Assembly Sydney

Basic Officer Leader Course, 2014
Army Logistics University

BA Communications: Public Relations & Advertising, 2013
Pacific Lutheran University, Tacoma, WA
Contact this candidate