Summary of Qualifications

Exceptional customer service skills with ability to resolve consumer complaints
Knowledge of human behavior and performance, individual differences in ability, personality, and interests, learning and motivation, psychological research methods, and the assessment and treatment of behavioral and affective disorders
Skilled in providing best practice to displaced consumers and targeted case management
Ability to supervise a team and ensure compliance of standard operations and procedures
Proficient in Microsoft Office, Word, Power Point, Excel, Access,

Professional Experience

The Washington Sauce Company Washington, DC
Product Manager 2020 - Present
Develop and foster relationships with customers to identify and remove roadblocks in obtaining the most value for The Washington Sauce Company.
Design and manage a new customer on-boarding process
Check in with and collaborate with the teams to meet a variety of needs
Maintained all required documentation for all contracts and grants and budgeting
Organized and participated in outreach projects for the community

The Midtown Group Contract DHS Washington, DC
Coordinators 2022 - Present
Ensure a safe and manageable living environment for shelter residents.
Monitors residential areas.
Receive and distribute food to residents
Answer telephone and route calls or messages to appropriate staff.
Maintain a comprehensive and accurate written record of critical events that occur during shifts.
Assist with completing laundry logs for clients in the programs
Treat clients in a culturally sensitive manner.
Adhere to policy, procedures, and professional code of ethics.

Youth Development Representative Washington, DC
Consultant 1999 – 2018
Train and Supervise youth mentors.
Develop and maintain the work schedule for all youth mentees.
Established a program which provided recreational activities, Facilitated job readiness and assisted with employment opportunities, food, clothing and shelter assistance.
Plan, develop and provide pre- service and in-service training for youth ambassadors.
life skills and financial literacy courses
Supervise and participate in recreational cultural, and workforce development activities.
Mediates interpersonal problems between youth, conducted counseling groups, crisis intervention
Document notes, critical incident reports and other pertinent correspondence

Janitorial Manager Services Washington, DC
Manager 2014- present
Conduct inspections of facilities to ensure contract compliance.
Manage and coordinate schedules of all employees
Mediates interpersonal problems between staff
Document notes, and other pertinent correspondence
Maintained all required documentation for all contracts and grants and budgeting.
Maintained partnerships with outside agencies/ vendors and community-based organizations
Completed new hire training.

District Department of Recreation Washington, DC
Supervisory Recreation Specialist 1999- 2011
Served as the lead administrator responsible to evaluate, develop and perform quality checks of the emergency action plans and in-service trainings for all outdoor field based programming, intramural programing and club sport programming.
Managed the administration coordination, implementation, and supervision of safe outdoor adventure based programs for students, faculty, administrators and staff.
Facilitated weekly meetings, or as often as needed, with staff to ensure that they are receiving the appropriate levels of support,
Supervised recreation site staff.
Recorded and analyzed statistics, overseen strategic plans providing input for reports as needed, and worked collaboratively with all programs
Planed, organized and facilitated all recreation activities.
Plan, develop and provide pre- service and in-service training for youth
Assessed recreational and youth service’s needs, and the effectiveness of policies and procedures.
Conducted community outreach and outreach activities.
Built referral relationships with community and other government agencies.
Maintained clear and timely documentation

Education

George Washington University Washington, DC
Major: Business Management

References

Available upon request
Contact this candidate