Jose Castillo
Miramar, FL 954-***-**** ad1yl8@r.postjobfree.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/josecastillo2009/
Senior Product Marketing Manager
Marketing Executive Business Strategy Product Manager Profitable Growth SMarketing
Senior Sales/Marketing and Business Development Manager with a successful track record generating revenue, increasing market share, and maximizing value in a highly competitive industry. Significant general management experience across multiple functional areas, including Sales, Finance, Pricing, Marketing, Supply Chain, and Services. Motivational Leader and Mentor, well skilled to deliver maximum results. Entrepreneurial mindset, "Can Do" Attitude and a Game Changer - Technology-driven
Languages: English(fluent), Spanish (Fluent), Portuguese (Conversational)
Passionate about New Technology
End to End Product Manager
Strategic Bus. Planning & Analysis
Proactive, Strategist, and Innovative

Competitive Analysis, Market Intelligence, and Data-Driven
SF.com/HubSpot and Power BI user
Multi Cultural and Diverse Experience
B2B & B2C Sales/MKT Strategy
Sales & Channels Management
Finance (P&L) & Reporting
Integrity and Business Ethical

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Sr Office Product Manager at Xerox – XDG – June 2023 – Present
Owning the A4/A3 and Software office solutions
Product Manager – Motorola Solutions Plantation, Fl – Jun2022 – June 2023
Owner of the Business Radio portfolio for Americas
Business Development Manager - PCI Weston, Fl – Jan2021 - Present
Increase share of wallet of current installed base – Corporate and SMB accounts
Hunt for potential customers by cold calling/e-blast/Omnichannel Marketing
Sales of Commercial printing/Direct Mailing/Fulfilling Services
Freelance - Sales and Marketing Consulting Miramar, Fl – July 2019 –Jan2021
Providing Sales and Marketing strategies to accelerate sales and improve profits for SMB and Enterprise/Corporate
companies
Helping to expand geography sales reach via indirect channels like dealers, VARs, and System Integrators.
Implementing Marketing plans to accelerate demand via Web, social media, direct emails, Cold Calling, and "Hunting Program"
RICOH LATIN AMERICA, Weston, FL
Regional Product Marketing Manager Jan-2012 – July 2019
Oversaw the entire Life Cycle of the assigned product portfolio (Launching, Pricing, P&L, Sales Content, Training, Products’ promotions, cloud solutions), and managed the regional sales quota by subsidiaries and Channels. Working across functions (Finance, Sales Management, Services, and Supply Chain) to create and deploy Sales/Marketing programs
Generated $50M in assigned products portfolio sales in FY19
Boosted sales by 15% year after year maintaining positive Gross Profit in a flat market
Provide Internal and External Sales Training and participate in customers’ visits, events, and roadshows.
Led a Competitive Regional Managed Print Services Attack Program achieving double digits growth and incremental source of revenue for the following three years ($20M) while gaining the #2 regional market position. (IDC)
Maintaining an efficient Inventory level by doing products’ promotions, working closely with the field for proper forecasting, and avoiding Write-off
LG Electronics Miami, FL
B2B Sales Manager, Jan-2011 – Dec2011
Managed the Caribbean area. Selling: Digital Signage, Projectors, Monitors, and Hospitality TV
Increased sales by 200% between 2010 and 2011 by implementing hunting and agent programs, and recruiting new channels, system integrators, and Vars. 100% of the sales were done thru dealers/System Integrators/VARs
AFT INC Miami, FL
Sales and Marketing Manager, Jan-2010 – Dec2010
Start-Up Company in Miami to do business in Latin America
Developed the business for the whole Latin American region and US domestic market from scratch. Basically, for Industrial Valves, Pumps, pipelines, and power plants. Entrepreneur type.
Created strategic plans to sell products and services throughout Latin America and US domestic markets by registering the company at procurement offices for Latin American oil companies like Pemex, Petrobras, Petrotrin, PDVSA, and YPF for eligibility in upcoming international bids.
FREELANCE Miami, FL
Sales and Marketing Consultant, May-2009 – Dec2010
Selling a LATAM Data-Base Software.
Successfully marketed and sold this SW to major IT vendors including IBM, Dell, and Microsoft.
Partnered with “lead Master” to create synergy add more value and increase sales.
HEWLETT-PACKARD Miami, Fl
Regional Server Product Marketing Manager, Nov1986 -May 2009
Managed the entire life cycle of the Low Blade Integrity Servers.
Effectively grew the Low-End Blade Servers annually by 20%.
Worked closely with Microsoft to put together regional bundled programs and managed Marketing Funds
Marketing and Competitive Intelligence Regional Manager Hewlett-Packard, Miami, FL - 2004
Service Project Specialist Business Development Manager Agilent Technologies, Wilmington, DE - 1998
Senior Account Manager Sales Representative Service Manager Service Engineer Hewlett-Packard, Venezuela - 1986
Service Engineer Abbott Laboratories, Venezuela

EDUCATION & CREDENTIALS
Bachelor of Science, Electrical Engineer, University of Southwestern Louisiana, Lafayette, LA

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
SCRUM Master Certified – March 2020
Strategic Sales and Marketing Management Program – Stanford University, Business School
Executive Development Program – Wharton Business School, Philadelphia, PA
Executive Management Training – American Management Association, Washington, DC
Strategic Account Development training – Wilson Learning, Atlanta, GA
Contact this candidate