HELEN LEE TOLLA
949-***-**** ad209v@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn
CAREER SUMMARY
Highly driven professional with 15 years of working experience in business development and product management across multiple high-value industry segments in Fortune 500 and mid-size environments. AREAS OF EXPERTISE
§ Business Development § 80/20 Business Approach § Distributor Management
§ Key Account Management § Product Line Simplification § Product Management
§ Sales Presentation § Industry Trend Analysis § Product Roadmap
§ Market Research § Stage-Gate for NPD § Supplier Management PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Arlon Graphics, California Oct 2021 – Present
Arlon is a leading global supplier of vinyl films to commercial graphic and automotive wrap marketplaces. Product Manager
New Product Development / Improvement
§ Drive R&D, Engineering, and Sales in the development of new products according to the product roadmap
§ and company’s strategies.
§ Develop customer-focused products by understanding customer pain points (VOC).
§ Work with Sales, Engineering, and Marcom to ensure that new products have sufficient product support material, prototypes, early samples, and documentation to commensurate with the opportunity and stage in product development.
§ Understand needs, opportunities, and capabilities to create product requirement documentation and integrate it into the product development process.
§ Drive alpha and beta site testing for new products. Product Line Strategy
§ Manage product line pricing and profitability. Recommend pricing strategies.
§ Collaborate with engineering, technology team, sales, and manufacturing teams to create and execute a product roadmap that maximizes customer satisfaction and profitability at all phases of the PLC.
§ Maintain and educate peers to have a comprehensive commercial understanding of product offerings in the marketplace, e.g., competitors or near substitute products. Recommend product extensions and value propositions to differentiate and extend the product life cycle and grow market share. Customer Support
§ Provide product support to customers on product-related topics: work with Sales, Engineering, QA, and Operations to help ensure that a sufficient level of support is available to customers commensurate with the need/opportunity.
§ Provide product support at the trade show.
Achievements:
§ Successful launch of 3 new products and increased sales revenue by 30% in the second half of FY2022.
§ Successful implementation of SaaS system for global technical and marketing document management. Kester Components, Singapore Jan 2009 - Jul 2020
Kester is a leading global supplier of assembly materials to the electronic assembly, component and microelectronic marketplaces. An ITW Company.
Product and Business Development Manager (2016 - 2020) Regional Key Account Manager (2011-2016)
Marketing Analyst (2009 - 2011)
Leadership
§ Managed the Application and Technical Engineer team to provide internal and external stakeholders with excellent technical support.
§ Coached the dealers to grow the business, resulting in 15% year-on-year growth. Business Development
§ Managed OEM accounts and Distributors in SEA with a total revenue of $48M and grew the business by 20% within 2 years.
§ Developed strategies to penetrate new solar accounts and forged strategic partnerships with customers to support new sales growth.
§ Drove market expansion in new applications, resulting in 15% margin growth. Product Development
§ Drove market segment focus study to collect insightful data about customer pain points. The information provided a reference point for new product development.
§ Led multiple product line simplification projects that resulted in 10% margin improvement.
§ Successfully launched next-generation products, contributing to a 20% revenue growth.
§ Offered innovative solutions to customers and increased market share by 25% for the liquid flux business. Market Analysis and Strategy
§ Conducted comprehensive market research on market size, growth, competitive positions, trends, and opportunities.
§ Developed and implemented sales and product strategy based on competitive analysis, resulting in a 15% increase in market share.
Pricing Strategy
§ Monitored LME / Bullion price trend of SnAgCu to support pricing and revenue growth.
§ Achieved 10% margin growth by eliminating the low-margin product line - 80/20 business approach to product rationalization.
EDUCATION
Bachelor in Business Administration, 2000 - 2003
RMIT University
Diploma in Management Studies, 1996 - 1998
Singapore Institute of Management
COMPUTER SKILLS
Microsoft Office (Word/Excel/PowerPoint/Access), Google Workspace, SAP, CRM, Wrike, Power BI, Odoo, Adobe, DocuSign and Figma.
LANGUAGE
Fluent in English, Chinese, Cantonese and Hokkien / Beginner in French
Contact this candidate