Page * of *
484-***-**** Delmont PA ad22uv@r.postjobfree.com Manav Bhatia LinkedIn
Manav Bhatia
Profile Summary
A passionate IT Software Product management professional with 14+ years of SaaS based Digital projects including Web and Mobile based product development, leading product roadmap and strategy, bridging the upstream B2B2C Global requirements, working along with Applications engineering groups for downstream impact. Leading end-to-end product ownership for HealthCare applications including Remote Patient Monitoring, SaaS based premium services, for various HealthCare, Pharm-Tech, Med-Tech, IoMT Med-device DMEs/ OEM and Cloud based EHR/EMR integrations. Improved Software product performance by leading 30+ new capabilities from conception to launch through multiple teams of over 50 people. Improved customer experience by over 25%.
Experience playing multiples roles including product manager, product owner as well SaaS Business partner for supporting Business and Marketing functions to deliver deep customer impacting solutions via new product features and enhancements. 100% ownership of upstream Product management activities such gap analysis, Lean Portfolio management (LPM), presenting Lean Business cases to senior leadership, MRD/MND creations, Value Proposition (VPC), Market segmentation and positioning, Marketing plan. Ownership of product capabilities from Ideation to Launch, aligning market commitment with Software release right from establishing requirements, wireframing/prototyping with the UX team, getting approvals from Privacy / Regulatory stakeholders, establishing technical feasibility, and leading the development process by providing direction to technical teams for the final launch. Executing SaaS portfolio responsibilities as the SME within business category, technology, and market segment to deliver solutions that helps deliver best in class milestones, operational handoffs, CSAT feedback/requirements & projects/program collaborations. Proactive in leading internal/external negotiations driving consensus within business and engineering teams to drive prioritization across programs, determine Business value, reduce scope creep and spillovers. Proficient in executing SAFe based Agile scrum ceremonies, Program increment (PI) based product presentations, defining Epics, Features, User stories, Acceptance criteria, creating Requirement documents including SRS and PRD, Use-cases and User Requirements. m bridging internal/external stake holders, IT solutioning teams enabling training
& demos on systems knowledge, and technical skills to deliver highest level of CSAT and NPI market adoptions. Highly respected relationship builder attuned to leadership vision and translating into strategic and tactical roadmaps, MVPs and SaaS offers. Excellent in communicating and articulating with all levels of Management (Senior Leadership & C-Suite Executives), Customers with a seasoned Business and Implementation outlook handling complex vendor and SaaS based relationship projects. Great sense of collaboration on Business development and Sales activities incl. pre-sale artifacts, collaterals and responding to RFIs/RFPs. Trust worthy handling confidentiality/regulated projects CMS (Part D/B), HIPAA PHI/PII, DEA CFR21, HL7 FHIR, Eu MDR, GDPR, PMDA. Professional Experience
Consulting Engagement: Elevance Health, March 2023 Current (Sr. Product Manager CarelonRx) Lead Product Manager for API based prescription life cycle, catalog management, payment processing and shipment tracking. Agile PO/PM for end-end customer experience for CarelonRx mail order, Bio Plus Specialty & Contact Center as a Service platform. Building front end - backend connections using RESTful APIs for Rx processing including PBM claims/Payments/Dispensing/Delivery. Managing Scrum teams, JIRA, priorities and driving project to completion with Onsite/offshore Scrum (DevOps, QA, Data Lake team). Key Portfolio: SaaS Product Manager Platform integrations (CarelonRx, Bio Plus Pharma Ops, McKesson, CVS, Salesforce) SaaS Global Product Manager: Philips Sleep& Respiratory Care Nov 2016 - Mar 2023 Product manager owning SaaS Road map for several strategic portfolio areas in SAFe Agile framework, supporting cloud-based applications development.
Led Philips Respiratory Care product management activities with Clinical KOLs, Data Analytics team and SaaS engineering teams. Owned SaaS Product plan aligned to connected RC device, Lean business cases, POCs, feature development, go to market strategy
(GTM), and post sales operations.
Defined rules of engagement between Device and SaaS team, created value props, Customer enhancements and set product launches. Owned Product functions within SaaS IT team, managed SAFe based Program Increment deliverables with the overall Release Train. Supported NorthStar and leadership strategy, injecting customer VOCs/enhancements into AOP, LPM Business cases for NPIs. Defined SaaS LPM needs assessing technical, architectural, and infrastructural needs and owning time to market plans/communications. Solid experience presenting PI objectives and business updates during PI ceremonies to the entire program team and other leadership and management team meetings like QBR/BLRs and AOPs. SaaS SME for release functions, user guides and collaterals for market adoption and procuring test claims during KOL discussions. Attained Regulatory, Privacy and Security approvals,510K/FDA/PMDA/Eu MDR clearances for MVP trials to post release phases. Mentored PO/PMs, Cust service teams with KTs, product and process trainings on PDLM and Philips project management processes. Travelled to customer sites and represented Philips as Respiratory Care SaaS product manager on national/international forums and conferences including AARC, APSS, ERS.
Key Portfolio: Careorchestrator.com (RC programs for D-T-P wearables, Provisioned RTSM devices or BYOD). Page 2 of 2
484-***-**** Delmont PA ad22uv@r.postjobfree.com Manav Bhatia LinkedIn Digital Transformation Product Manager Cognizant Tech Sol. (Mar 2013 Nov2016) Consulting engagement: CVS Health (CareMark) Monroeville, PA (Feb 2014 Nov 2016) Portal and Apps Product Owner for CareMark professional practice groups, adherence, compliance and customer services teams. Managed API requirements, including PBM integrators, Member and Drug Databases, Claims management and Salesforce CRM. Developed the project charters, API feature backlogs, Business analysis for CVS Specialty mail order application development. Rolled commercial release, managed roadblocks, project dependencies, and trade-offs to balance business Key Launches: Multiple tracks for EPCS Rx processing, Patient Portal and Mobile Apps integrations. Thermo Fisher Scientific Pittsburgh PA (Mar 2013 Feb 2014) Product Lead for SEO, Content management, Mobile apps and web-based portfolio owning B2B/D2C feature delivery. Online store to Mobile App experience for B2B partner portal to SAP Ariba to address order to cash/procurement to payment. Key launches: Mobile App, Dynamic promotions, Managing product catalog, categories, products, and SKUs. Product Business Manager HCL America Inc. (June 2008 March 2013) Consulting Engagement: Ebay.com (Formerly GSI commerce) King of Prussia, PA (Jan 2011- Mar 2013) Digital Platform lead for multi-commerce SaaS tools, SaaS features including Catalog Management, Reference Sites, Web Analytics, Review& Ratings, Payment, and Web Store Personalization. Developed product roadmap and strategy for B2B2C platform and web store integration using Sterling DOM. Productization of the digital portal including content management, product catalog management and user preferences.
-smart, Stein Mart, The Sports Authority.com.
Lowes.com / Service Platform Multi Channel Fulfillment Mooresville, NC (Jan 2010- Jan 2011) Product lead multi-Channel fulfillment systems, OMS integrations and Web store platforms for order to cash and Vendor Drop-Ships. Strategic roadmap for Lowes.com B2B2C site and Sterling DOM integration with Shipment, Vendor EDIs and Payment gateways. Worked closely with technology, marketing, and other business units to deliver web/mobile releases on schedule. Performed market research studies, competitive analysis, feature definition and usability testing reports. Key launches: Integration of physical stores, RDC, PIFC and vendor direct for Lowes.com. Executive Health Intelligence (SaaS based BI application) (Jan 2009- Jan 2010) Product lead for a real time business reporting application built using Intersystem technologies (Cache, Ensemble & Deep See). Owned product vision and strategy with Product director and presented to different functional and Scrum teams. Translated the product vision into product MVP, UX designs and user stories for real-time dashboards and metrics. Liaison to Physicians to develop reporting KPIs based on HIPAA, ICD 09/10 codes and CMS leapfrog standards. Key launches: SaaS based BI application for capturing quality of care and clinical effectiveness at the Hospital floors. Questdiagconstic.com and Quest4u.com (June 2008 Jan 2009) As the Product lead, identified the integration touch points between various functions like reporting, services, scheduling and payments. Gap analysis between the legacy system and building the new front-end Reports for Lab Performance, Clinical reporting dashboards. Key launches: Patient to store for MyQuest® online portal and eHealth library for Quest4u.com. Education and Certifications
Post-Graduation in Artificial Intelligence (AI) & ML from University of Texas at Austin, McCombs Business School Master of Business Administration from Birla Institute of Management Technology, India Masters in Global Sales and International Marketing from National Institute of Sales, India (under Huthwaite training program of UK) Bachelor of Commerce at University of Delhi, India E-Commerce Certification from Big Leap academy, (venture of IIT-Kharagpur), India Introduction to Marketing principles from The Wharton School, Univ. of PA-Coursera Verified Playbook for Principled & Persuasive Negotiator from Yale School of Management, Coursera Verified API certified Product Manager from The API Academy© supported by Broadcom. Skills and Portfolio
AI / ML Portfolio https://eportfolio.mygreatlearning.com/manav-bhatia Rally, TFS, Azure, MIRO, Blueprint, Confluence, JIRA, Trello, HP ALM, MS Teams, and Office suite. ERP: McKesson EnTRx, Infor® ERP WMS, Sterling Commerce9.0 Awards and Recognition
Recognized by Philips for Value Proposition and adopting Philips Excellence Process Framework Certificate of Excellence for revamping the Search feature of Thermofisher.com channel platform.
Customer Satisfaction survey award for 100% CSAT scores for Dell-tech support process
Contact this candidate