Julie Schmitt Ecommerce/PIM Professional
ad28dt@r.postjobfree.com Hampton, NJ 08827
847-***-****
EXPERIENCE
PIM Lead/Product Manager October 2022 – November 2023 Sealed Air Corporation – Remote - Charlotte, NC
Working remotely from NJ, responsible for the overall implementation, data modeling, configuration and administration of Akeneo, Product Information Management (PIM) system. Works closely with internal teams to ensure that the PIM is configured to meet all of business requirements, appropriate workflows set up for efficient content enrichment of products, manages internal integration connections, and ensures syndication channels are mapped for optimized product data. Responsible for training of PIM best practices and platform use across departments.
PIM Consultant July 2022 – October 2022
Infosys – Remote – Richardson, TX
Working remotely in NJ, collaborated globally with the Infosys team on all matters of product information management. Lead analysis and implementation of PIM for clients on inRiver and Salsify platforms. Lead project effort throughout all phases of the projects on best practices. Responsibilities included gathering requirements, solution design, and guiding the project through the testing and deployment phases. Possessed a solid background of PIM project experience coupled with deep knowledge of multiple PIM platforms. PIM/Econtent Strategy Consultant December 2021 – Feb 2022 Johnson & Johnson Consumer Health/Eversana – Remote - Skillman, NJ Responsible for accelerating NA growth by leading the development of capabilities that drive efficient scale for content syndication with retail customers. Drove best practices in PIM across departments and systems, advising on data modeling. Pivotal in contributing to overarching e- commerce growth, improving customer experience, content delivery and optimizing results in response to the disruption across e-commerce. Working between departments to find strategic solutions in the omnichannel landscape, leveraging Salsify and Syndigo platforms. Lead communication and strategy between and across marketing and IT teams. Ecommerce Strategist October 2020 – November 2021
Nagase NA – Remote - Philadelphia, PA
Responsible for eCommerce strategy and implementation at Nagase for subsidiaries business and aligns to overall corporate goals. Manage ecommerce development projects, vendors and partners end to end. Developed eCommerce strategy holistically and assisted in building success with multi-channel approach. Conceptualize entire customer acquisition strategies into multi-part plans and managing the execution across departments. Developed and maintained comprehensive enterprise technology strategy to include key components of product information management (PIM), SEO, content, payment gateways, ADA compliance, sales tax strategy, privacy and security, omnichannel commerce. PIM/Econtent Strategy Consultant June 2020 – Oct 2020 GSK/IDC Technologies – Remote - Warren, NJ
Manage Salsify product experience platform, including team management and training, and help facilitate interfaces with other systems as necessary. Educate sales teams on use of Salsify platform, liaison with other teams to coordinate the product content life cycle (creation, management, share/syndicate). Salsify power user: building and maintaining workflows, channel creation/maintenance, system integrations and content syndication. Serve as a liaison and a subject matter expert to all other departments on PIM, PIM best practices. PIM/Ecommerce Content ConsultantAugust 2019 - Feb 2020 Bayer Consumer Healthcare - Whippany, NJ
Implement & manage Salsify product information management platform, including internal team management and training, content syndication, and facilitate systems integrations as necessary. Educate team on use of Salsify platform, coordinate the product content life cycle
(creation, management, share/syndicate) across departments. Salsify power user: building and maintaining workflows, channel creation/maintenance, system integrations. Serve as a liaison and a subject matter expert to all other departments on PIM, PIM best practices, and Riversand Global PIM solution. Optimized content in Syndigo. Assist in identifying gaps in product content when mapped to retailer requirements, improving conversion rate on digital storefronts.
Sr Ecommerce Operations Manager September 2018 - April 2019 SureFit Home Decor - Wheeling, IL
Efficient operation of the eCommerce Shopify technology stack. Drive collaboration with key internal and external stakeholders to implement new applications for the eCommerce ecosystem, removing operational friction from existing applications and ensure cross functional team collaboration including product information management including content syndication. Coordinate Amazon operational performance in Vendor Central/Seller Central (monitor sales, inventory and fulfillment). Accomplishments: Salsify PIM Implementation, improved online customer experience and increased conversions with content, operational efficiencies for Amazon integration including inventory management, fulfillment and Prime program launch in Seller Central, created content generation road map. Ecommerce Operations Manager February 2015 - September 2018 LSC Communications/TOPS Products - Naperville, IL
At TOPS products managed the development, release, and maintenance of ecommerce program to support company's ecommerce omnichannel strategy. Improved business processes by collaborating with internal departments. Responsible for overseeing online sales and marketing programs, implementation of marketing technology, PIM system, and third- party marketplaces (Amazon, eBay, Walmart). Accomplishments: implemented product information management system (inRiver), SEO program, redevelopment of website from Magento CE to Magento Enterprise platform, website creation, increased traffic and conversion rates, increased ecommerce sales 400% and implemented 3rd party marketplaces, coordinated Amazon vendor team (promotions, branding and SEO, Vendor Central). Magento Administrator Certification
Integrated Marketing Manager March 2014 - August 2014 Sunburst Digital - Hoffman Estates, IL
Develop branding and marketing strategy for leading digital curriculum developer and reseller in the education market. Responsible for lead generation and management, marketing automation, analytics, web design, marketing collateral, product launches and sales support. Accomplishments: improved web traffic, SEO, time-onsite and lead quality 30%. Integrated Marketing Manager August 2012 - January 2014 Induction Innovations Inc - Elgin, IL
Developed strategic plan which encompassed qualitative & quantitative research, interactive marketing, creative development, media planning & buying, public relations and sales promotion campaigns. Developed innovative brand strategy for all product lines, both domestic and international. Developed channel communications plan, channel marketing strategy and product marketing strategy to drive leads on local level to support sales initiatives. Accomplishments: strategic interactive marketing program, improved SEO results via redeveloped web content and increased leads 125%.
Interactive Marketing Consultant/Contractor June 2009 - August 2014 Elgin, IL
Non-profit - design & development of online marketing campaign including web design, ecommerce, PR and social media marketing for Elgin Historic House Tour. Off-line marketing included postcard, poster, tour book, PR.
Small business - web design including ecommerce, social media marketing campaigns
(YouTube, Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest) for diversified small businesses including real estate, professional services, specialty retail.
Corporate - Internet Marketing and website review for Nissan Forklift, included keyword research, competitive review, usability recommendations. Ebusiness Development Manager January 2006 - June 2009 Knaack LLC - Crystal Lake, IL
Directed and lead Knaack's (a division of Emerson Electric Co) strategic and long-range ebusiness goals. Developed Internet/extranet strategy and coordinated effort across all IT functions to support business strategy. Directed and lead online marketing policies, objectives, ecommerce, campaigns and electronic advertising efforts. Reviewed change to the online marketplace and industry and adjusted planning accordingly. Directed and lead all aspects of ecommerce platforms (intranet and extranet) including design, release, and maintenance. Product Manager for "WEATHER GUARD® Vehicle Solutions" 3d design software. Accomplishments: design & development of internet, extranet websites and targeted microsites, design and implementation of international websites, implementation of integrated lead management system, development of channel partner email program, increased online leads 99%, increased web traffic 69%, increased international sales 50%, increased search engine traffic nearly 300%.
Ecommerce Manager September 2000 - November 2005
Omron Electronics LLC - Schaumburg, IL
Responsible for Internet strategy, design, content for web sites including incorporating GUI features, ecommerce and online databases. Responsible for the design and development of direct electronic marketing, tracking results, list server as well as customer acquisition and retention. Additional responsibilities included development and maintenance of ECommerce database, shopping functions, system administration and site search. Total responsibility for search engine marketing, optimization and CPC programs with Google and Overture. Accomplishments: WebSphere Ecommerce implementations 4.1 and 5.6, SEO program, SEM program, email marketing program: four industry newsletters to targeted end user audience, increased online sales over 95%, increased qualified web traffic over 80%. EDUCATION
Associates in Business Administration in Business Administration County College of Morris - Randolph, NJ
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Web Analytics
Adobe Creative Suite
Microsoft Office Suite
Ecommerce Platforms (Shopify,
Magento, WebSphere, Amazon, eBay)
Amazon (Vendor Central, Seller
Central) & third party marketplaces
Email Marketing
Social Media – Facebook, Instagram,
Pinterest, YouTube, Linkedin, Twitter
Product Information Management (PIM)
– inRiver, Salsify, Riversand
Syndication – Salsify, Syndigo
SEO/SEM/PPC
Project Management (Jira, Bootcamp,
Asana)
DAM - Aprimo, Cumulus, AEM, Widen
Payment Systems, AEM
CERTIFICATIONS AND LICENSES
Salsify PIM Certification February 2022
Syndigo EC Certification February 2022
Magento Administrator September 2015
Contact this candidate