OLAA
MERGHANI
Marketing Expert
OBJECTIVES
A management position with an
established organization in the fields of
business solutions and, product
development and management.
PERSONAL STATEMENT
A business professional with experience
of up to six years who moved from
technical to commercial B2B and B2C
and has a passion for management,
such as stakeholders and vendors, and
development, in terms of building
business cases and models and
evaluating progress. By being propelled
by digital innovation, early adoption,
and enthusiasm, as well as a passion for
technology development, I cater to
creating value for businesses and
customer needs through results-driven
strategies. I'm excited about using my
background to take the next step in my
career.
CONTACT
PHONE:
002***********
WEBSITE:
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ola-
merghani-800128153
EMAIL:
ad29uq@r.postjobfree.com
LANGUAGES
Arabic C2
English C1
WORK EXPERIENCE
Zain Sudan – B2B Marketing Product Development Team Leader Nov. 2021 – Present
- Leading the product development section through monitoring and enhancing weekly, monthly, and yearly KPIs, implementing roadmap items, and managing and developing the team.
- Managed the product life cycle from requirements prioritization and quarterly planning to tactical execution.
- Analyze all sources of data to identify customer needs, requirements, and behavior to determine profitable opportunities across identified or new segments.
- Plan and manage all activities related to advertising and promotion with marcom, PR, media, events, and sales.
- Accountable for all pricing, marketing positioning, and life cycles for the products development team by providing products and services.
- Follow business trends and customer needs through market research and surveys to tap market areas of growth and opportunity.
- Analyze the competitive landscape and regulatory and legal requirements for the product roadmap.
- Handling strategy and quarter review reports with top management and developing long-term strategic initiatives.
- Formulating marketing strategy and working closely with the strategy team in developing the business plan.
- Follow with PMO all user acceptance tests before product launch, continuously monitor the new product’s performance after launch through daily, weekly, and monthly reports, and follow up with the customer-related parties team to identify customers’ complaints related to the new product.
- Encourage the opportunity for upselling and cross-selling from the existing accounts across the B2B products and services portfolio
(mobile and SaaS solutions).
- Work closely with the sales team to enhance customer satisfaction and understand customers' needs and feedback on the product offers.
- Set sales strategies and targets for the direct and indirect channels to achieve the target projected revenue and support them in achieving them through customer visits, the design and preparation of training materials, and branding stuff at the events. Zain Sudan- Broad Band and Corporate Solutions Specialist Apr. 2021 – Oct 2021
- Enhancing data revenues by 5% by introducing new data packages and improving interoperability among various packages through agnostic technology. enhancing the customer experience by adding features to the menu, resolving 3% of customer service complaints, and improving NPS by 1.1.
- Handling all activities related to advertising and promotion with the marcom, PR, media, events, and sales.
- Monitor monthly, quarterly, and statistical reports against business targets for specific offers and promotions
Zain Sudan – SDP & Content Specialist
Mar. 2019 – Mar 2021
- Enhancing the revenue by designing an innovative system for the Sudanese certificate result to create the most value and focus on the current and past experiences that increased the revenue by more than 100%.
- Managing donation projects for the 2020 flood crisis with the Ministry of Finance, Economy, and Consumer Affairs, as well as annual projects with the Ministry of Education Sudanese certificate results for primary and secondary schools.
- Successfully onboarded 3 partners to the company will contribute in 2020 by 17% of total budgeted P&S revenue.
- Managing two vendors and 13 partners that enhanced products and services' overall revenue by up to 53% in 2020 and 2021, as well as managing the launch of five key digital products that contribute to overall revenue by 19%.
- Plan and manage all activities related to advertising and promotion with the marketing communication, PR, and media teams.
Huawei - RADIO OPTIMIZATION NETWORK ENGINEER
May. 2018 – Feb. 2019
Enhancing network quality by 15%, by dimensioning the network capacity and retuning the network parameters of 140 sites, besides handling customer complaints.
MTN - CORE NETWORK PLANNING Circuit Switch ENGINEER (Internship) Jan. 2018 – March. 2018
Build the backup of the circuit switch database to better manage projects' history, analyze CS reports, and plan. Responsible of monitor the CS traffic routes. Collaborate with other departments to achieve all work requests. MTN - RADIO OPTIMIZATION NETWORK (Internship)
Dec. 2016 – Dec. 2017
Maintain being the top performer among my colleagues, by handling customer complaints to achieve a high level of satisfaction Monitoring Radio Network KPIs as well as rectifying and troubleshooting problematic cells and carrying out capacity dimensioning and proposing new expansions.
EDUCATION
University of Science & Technology
Master of Telecommunication Engineering
Jan. 2017 – Jun. 2018
Advanced telecommunication services, Operating, digital Systems and, Probabilities.
University of Science & Technology
Bachelor of Telecommunication Engineering. Electronics Engineering, Telecommunications
Nov. 2010 – Jul. 2015
Computer Science and Networking, Statistics & Probabilities, Modern & Data Communication Systems, Engineering Management and Economics, Digital & Micro-processing Systems Design, Microwave Engineering, and Optical Communications.
CERTIFICATIONS
Commercial:
Certified Product Marketing Manager® - AIPMM, USA
Oct. 2020
Branding, market research, competitive analysis, customer decision making, marketing mix and STP, integrated marketing communications, pricing strategies, and distribution channels.
Certified Professional Digital Marketing® - CIM Level 4, UK Sep. 2020
Applied marketing, planning campaigns plus Digital marketing techniques that deliver real campaign results for an organization to aid continuous improvement in the fast-changing world of marketing. PRINCE2 - Kiwi Training Center, SDN
Feb. 2021
Project management, the 7 themes, the 7 processes, and the 7 principles. Technical:
Radio Network Quality Optimization & Performance Monitoring – First Link Training Center, SDN
Jan. 2017
Data analysis. Radio Network Parameter tunning techniques and Dimensioning network capacity to enhance the quality and achieve KPI target.
Computer Networks Design and Administration – Sudatel Telecommunication Academy, SDN
July. 2014
Certificate of network design in terms of types, protocols, and operating systems. And network administration in terms of configuration, remote access, risk management, and permission & sharing planning. SKILLS
Managerial
- Presentation’s skills.
- Team management, development and evaluation.
- Creating a culture of change and a high performance.
- Manage Vendor and stakeholders.
- Working with cross-functional teams.
Technical
- Pricing Strategy Loyalty & Churn Management.
- Product Development & Management.
- Business case Development.
- Negotiation/contract management of external Vendors.
- Logic & Analysis using Microsoft office and power BI.
Contact this candidate