Mr. Ramalingam Subramani PMP, CSM, CPM
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ramalingamsubramani
Agile Senior Project/Program/Product Manager -
Applications & Infrastructure - M&A Integrations and Divestitures
+1-859-***-****
ad2alj@r.postjobfree.com
Page 1 Of 4
SUMMARY
I have 20-plus years of experience working on Technology Projects. I deliver solutions and services by engaging cross-functional teams and different stakeholders. I get better every day continuously. learning and implementing my learning
I have executed projects related to Application Development/Support, Infrastructure implementation/support, and Integrations for large enterprises by working with diverse global teams. My experience includes seven-plus years of experience in Mergers & Acquisitions Integration, and Divestitures. I am looking forward to being part of a team that solves problems with innovative solutions and delivers value. KEY SKILLS / CAPABILITIES
Application Development/Support Infrastructure Implementation/Support Mergers & Acquisitions IT Integration, and Divestitures IT Separation Application/Infrastructure Rationalization and Modernization Project/Program/Relationship/Transition Management
Statement Of Work (SoW) / Proposals / MSA / Contracts Agile I Scrum I Kanban I Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) Product Owner Jira Rally/CA Agile Central DevOps Continuous Delivery / Continuous Integration Smartsheet Microsoft Office SharePoint Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) Production Support Product Management Life Cycle Startups Entrepreneurship Innovation Idea Generation/Validation Prioritization Customer/User Interaction and Feedback Cross-Functional Coordination/Collaboration End to End Testing Performance Testing Release Management Continuous Delivery DevOps Web Site Performance Management and Tuning/ Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) Web Analytics E-Commerce Customer Relationship Management (CRM)/Salesforce Go-To Marketing Service Supply Chain Enterprise / Web Content Management Enterprise Collaboration Digital Enterprise Applications Electronic Application Integration (EAI) Electronic Data Interchange (EDI)
Networking, Data Center, and Cloud Infrastructure Disaster Recovery Planning (DRP) Amazon Web Services (AWS) Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) / Platform as a Service (PaaS) / Software as a Service (SaaS) End User Computing Mobile Device Management (MDM) Mobile Application Management (MAM) Cyber Security / Information Security Remediation Manufacturing Automation Connected Devices Solution / Internet of Things (IoT)) SAP Oracle ERP Billing Subscription Billing PowerBI EMPLOYMENT DETAILS
Infosys Consulting - Infrastructure Program Manager/Principal - Mar’22 - Jun’23 Procore Technologies - M&A Technical PM - Nov’21 - Mar’22 Belcan LLC - IT Project Manager - Jan’21 - Aug’21
Numentica LLC - Senior Technical Program Manager - Nov’19 - Dec’20 Tata Consultancy Services - Project Manager - Sep 2019 - Nov’2019 Tech Mahindra Ltd. / Tech Mahindra Americas Inc. - Principal Consultant - Feb 2003 - Aug 2019 Weberon Inc. - Solution Architect - Jun 2000 - Feb 2003 Interactive Communications & Systems (USA) Inc. - Programmer Analyst - Jan 2000 - Jun 2000 Weberon Solutions Pvt. Ltd. - Solution Specialist- Jan 1999 - Jan 2000 Allied Furnaces - Mechanical Engineer - Aug 1996 - Feb 1998 Larsen & Toubro Ltd. - Graduate Engineer Trainee - Jul 1995 - Jul 1996 ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS
Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) - Mech. Engineering - Govt. College of Technology, Coimbatore - 1995 Certificate of Global Business Leadership - U21 Global and Harvard Business School Publishing - 2008 Entrepreneurship Skills - Irvine Valley College, Irvine - Spring 2021 PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATIONS
Project Management Professional (PMP) - Project Management Institute - Since Jul 2005 Certified Scrum Master (CSM) - Scrum Alliance - Since Jun 2016 Certified Product Manager (CPM) - AIPMM (The Association of International Product Marketing and Management) - Since Jun 2020 AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner - Amazon Web Services - Since Nov 2021 Entrepreneurship and Small Business Certification (ESB) - Certiport - Since Dec 2018 Certificate of Proficiency in Entrepreneurship Skills - Irvine Valley College - Since May 2021Certificate of Proficiency in Idea Development and Opportunity - Recognition for Entrepreneurs - Irvine Valley College - Since May 2020 Certified SAFe 4/5 Agilist - Scaled Agile - Oct 2019 - Oct 202 Mr. Ramalingam Subramani PMP, CSM, CPM
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ramalingamsubramani
Agile Senior Project/Program/Product Manager -
Applications & Infrastructure - M&A Integrations and Divestitures
+1-859-***-****
ad2alj@r.postjobfree.com
Page 2 Of 4
EXPERIENCE DETAILS
Mar’22 - Jun’23 – Infrastructure Program Manager/Principal - CIO Advisory Services - Infosys Consulting - Irvine, CA
● Program/Project Management & Governance
● Mergers & Acquisitions Integration, and Divestiture
● Migrating users, applications, and data to Azure Cloud. Integration with SAP/MS Dynamic CRM ERP applications
● Working closely with the HR team in onboarding and migrating users
● IT Strategy, Assessment, and Roadmap
● Executed projects using Agile (Scrum/Kanban) methodologies.
● Due Diligence, Blueprinting, Planning, and Execution
● Technology Resiliency Assessment & Remediation
● Setting up cloud infrastructure. Migrating the infrastructure and the applications to the cloud
● Data Analysis and Data Migration
● Executing projects using Waterfall and Agile methodologies. Using Jira and confluence for Agile
● Cyber Security Assessment and Remediation
Nov’21 - Mar’22 - Mergers & Acquisitions Technical Project Manager - Product & Technology - Procore - Carpinteria, CA
● Due Diligence/Requirements, Impact Analysis, Architectural, and Technical Discussions
● Cyber Security Assessment related to Post Merger Integration and Remediation
● Migrating applications, and data to Google Cloud. Integration with SAP ERP applications.
● Post-Merger Integration Planning and Execution. Using Confluence for Project Management and Collaboration
● Working closely with the HR team in onboarding and migrating users
● Product and Technology Integration, Security Remediation, Application/Infrastructure Rationalization, Migration, Transition, Data Retention, Data Migration, and Decommissioning
● Using Agile (Scrum) methodologies in the integration projects
● Contributing to Integration Management PMO Processes with best practices and templates.
● Collaborating and Coordinating with Cross-functional Teams Jan’21 - Aug’ 21 - Consultant/IT Infrastructure Project Manager - Rivian - Irvine, CA, USA
● Executing Data Center, Networking, Compute Infrastructure, and Cyber Security Remediation d Projects
● Managing Cloud / Amazon Web Services - Infrastructure as a Service/Platform as a Service/Software as a Service Projects
● Contributing best practices and templates to Infrastructure PMO
● Deploying the applications and services in AWS cloud
● Implementing IoT Integrated Manufacturing, Retail, and Service Center Logistics and delivery solutions using the AutoCrib Vending Machine system to automate parts, tools, and consumables delivery. This includes integrating AutoCrib cloud solutions with SAP and Workday.
● Implementing end-user computing-related projects such as Mobile Device Management (MDM)/Mobile Application Management (MAM), Software Packaging, and Hardware Refresh.
● Collaborating and Coordinating with Cross-Functional Teams. Using Confluence and Jira for Project Management and Collaboration.
● Executing and managing multiple projects using Waterfall and Agile (Scrum/Kanban) methodologies
● Reviewing Vendor Proposals, SoW, and Contracts and working with vendors
● Delivering Software Solutions in a DevOps environment Nov’19 - Dec’20 - Senior Agile Technical Program/Project Manager - Product Engineering/Partner Enablement - Ingram Micro - Irvine, CA, USA
● Executing and delivering solutions and functional applications/integrations for Global Ordering, Supply Chain, and e-commerce Platforms.
● Collaborating and coordinating with multiple cross-functional Agile teams and multiple vendors/partners.
● Reviewing Agile processes and Implementing Agile best practices. Using Confluence and Jira for Project Management and Collaboration.
● Delivering Software Solutions in a DevOps environment with Continuous Delivery / Continuous Integration
● Implementing PowerBI across the enterprise for global users
● BI Strategy Planning, PowerBI Tenant Setup, and content distribution and sharing.
● Reviewing and providing feedback on Vendor Proposals and SoWs
● Integrating with Mainframe-based ERP, SAP, and Billing Platforms. Contributing to Agile Delivery Process improvements. Sep’19 - Nov’19 - Senior Infrastructure Project Manager - Special Projects - Southern California Edison - Rosemead, CA, USA
● Delivering End-to-end IT Infrastructure (On-Prem and Cloud) for special projects such as Grid Modernization. This includes setting up networking, building servers, deploying middleware, setting up the database, provisioning accounts, configuring the firewall, setting up load balancers, and all other activities related to infrastructure setup.
● Participating in Architecture Reviews. Budgeting and Planning. Collaborating and coordinating with cross-functional teams Mr. Ramalingam Subramani PMP, CSM, CPM
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ramalingamsubramani
Agile Senior Project/Program/Product Manager -
Applications & Infrastructure - M&A Integrations and Divestitures
+1-859-***-****
ad2alj@r.postjobfree.com
Page 3 Of 4
Dec’18 - Jun’19 - Senior Agile Program/Project Manager - Commerce Platform - Cisco Systems - San Jose, CA
● Delivering capabilities/solutions to products and services to be orderable through the Cisco Commerce Renewals platform.
● Using tools such as Jira, Confluence, Rally, box.com, and WebEx Teams for project delivery
● Prioritizing Features and Stories. Steering and Moderating complex solution discussions
● Responsible for Solution Development, Engineering, Testing, and Delivery. Working with a team of Product Owners
● Collaborating and coordinating with cross-functional downstream and upstream application teams to deliver the solution.
● Coordinating and Managing Solution Launches for users. Collaborating with business and business operations teams
● Implementing Smart Licensing Solutions for Hardware and Software products to provide a seamless Customer Experience.
● Delivering Software Solutions in a DevOps environment with Continuous Delivery / Continuous Integration Feb’13 - Nov’18 - Senior Agile Program Manager & Scrum Master - Mergers & Acquisitions Integration & Divestitures - Cisco Systems
- Irvine, CA, USA
● Delivering capabilities/solutions to integrate, and transition acquired companies with Cisco using Acquisition Integration Framework/Methodologies. Executed 10 plus Acquisition Integrations in around 6 years.
● Working closely with the HR team in onboarding and migrating users
● Migrating applications from AWS cloud to private cloud
● Creating and updating Playbooks and Templates. Integration Planning, and Blueprinting
● Participating in Change Management Planning and Execution. Preparing / Reviewing Proposals, SoW, and Contracts
● Executing separation activities to separate business unit(s) as part of Divestiture. Executed 3 divestitures in around 6 years.
● Using tools such as Jira, Confluence, Rally, box.com, and WebEx Teams for project delivery
● Integrating Customer relationship management Tools such as Oracle ERP, Salesforce.com, Zendesk, and ServiceNow
● Coordinating and Supporting Go to Market (GTM) and New Product Introduction (NPI) related activities
● Leading Due Diligence/Requirements, Impact Analysis, Architectural, and Technical Discussions
● Estimating the Cost of Integration Acquiring Funds and Manage Budgets for projects.
● Rationalization, Migrating, and Decommissioning Service Delivery/Customer Care/Professional Services Applications
● Cyber Security Assessment related to Post Merger Integration and Remediation
● Managing migration of large amounts of data for data retention and analysis needs
● Collaborating and coordinating with cross-functional business and IT teams from Cisco and Acquired Companies
● Onboarding, Mentoring/Coaching, and Guiding Project Managers/Leads and Team Members
● Executing Software Development Projects using Agile Methodologies (Scrum, Kanban, etc.)
● Delivering business solutions using Cloud, SaaS, PaaS, and IaaS
● Integrating IoT Connected Devices, Zero Touch Provisioning, and Monitoring solutions for Network Devices
● Delivering Software Solutions in a DevOps environment with Continuous Delivery / Continuous Integration Feb’12 - Feb’13 - Senior Agile Project Manager & Lead Consultant - Web Operations - Cisco Consumer Products - Irvine, CA, USA
● Ensuring Smooth Operation and Availability of High-Volume Low Latency Consumer websites (around 10 Million Page Views and 3 Million Unique user visits per month)
● Cyber Security Vulnerability Scanning and Remediation
● Performed vendor management responsibilities including facilitation of SOWs, MSA/Contracts, etc.
● Websites Performance Monitoring, Testing, and Tuning / Site Reliability Engineering (SRE)
● Getting work done in a strong matrix organization with multiple vendors and cross-functional teams
● Moderating Technical and Architectural discussions with vendors and other functional teams
● Coming up with strategies to migrate the infrastructure to the Cloud and executing the migration.
● Participating in Change Management Planning and Execution
● Implementing Connected Devices Solutions to configure, monitor, and update software for the network devices. Jul’11 - Feb’12 - Program Delivery Manager – Apple - Chennai, India
● Implementing processes and responsible for Offshore Development Center operations and project delivery
● Preparing / Reviewing Proposals, SoW, MSA, and Contracts
● Delivering Web Content Management and Enterprise Content Management solutions Aug’10 - May’11 - Solution Delivery Manager - Child Support Document Management - Commonwealth of Kentucky - Frankfort, KY, USA
● Single Point of Contact for the Solution implementation including infrastructure
● Preparing / Reviewing Proposals, SoW, MSA, and Contracts. Implementing Project Delivery Processes
● Collaborating and coordinating overall solutions and managing the expectations with various stakeholders
● Identifying and onboarding the right resources for the project delivery
● Collaborating with various stakeholders including customers, the project teams, other vendors, and other external teams
● Reporting Metrics (such as baseline, actual values for costs, schedule, work in progress, and work completed) & and reports on project progress and other project-specific information to stakeholders. Mr. Ramalingam Subramani PMP, CSM, CPM
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ramalingamsubramani
Agile Senior Project/Program/Product Manager -
Applications & Infrastructure - M&A Integrations and Divestitures
+1-859-***-****
ad2alj@r.postjobfree.com
Page 4 Of 4
Aug’08 - Jul’10 - Project Delivery Manager - Web Operations - Cisco Consumer Products - Irvine, CA
● Completing the service deliveries in record time (4 months) to meet the business demands of going live for high volume and Low Latency consumer websites, and customer support capabilities. (around 10 million Page Views and 3 million Unique user visits per month). This includes deploying various environments such as development, QA, Performance testing, Authoring, and Delivery, deploying code, publishing content, doing performance testing, and going live.
● Preparing / Reviewing Proposals, SoW, MSA, and Contracts. Participating in Change Management Planning and Execution.
● Rolling out the Web Sites, and customer support capabilities for various regions globally.
● Ensuring Smooth Operation and Availability of High Volume-Low Latency Consumer Web Sites.
● Cyber Security Vulnerability Scanning and Remediation
● Websites Performance Monitoring, Testing, and Tuning / Site Reliability Engineering (SRE)
● Got work done in a strong matrix organization with multiple vendors and functional groups.
● Moderating Technical and Architectural discussions with vendors and other functional groups
● Completed Service Transitioning to a Managed Services model with multiple vendors.
● Setting up a global Delivery Team and the Delivery Infrastructure and creating resource-independent service delivery.
● Executing Data Centre Consolidation and Infrastructure Virtualization
● Consolidating and Migrating Web Sites for product brands and regions. Rationalizing and Optimizing Web Infrastructure Dec’07 - May’08 - Lead Project Management Consultant - FIFA Extranet / Intranet - Fédération Internationale de Football Association
- Chennai, India
● Reviewing and identifying service delivery challenges in the project. Bringing the service delivery on track in 2 months
● Implementing project delivery processes specific to this engagement. Creating a Cohesive Global Delivery Team for Success Jan’06 - Jul’07 - Delivery Project Manager - Web Content / Document Management Platform - Renesas - Chennai, India
● Delivering the capabilities and support services for one of the most complex Web Content Management systems along with customer-facing websites. Training the team so that could be deployed in other projects immediately.
● Preparing / Reviewing Proposals, SoW, MSA, and Contracts
● Moving up in the service delivery value chain (From application support to consulting). Doubling the revenue in 12 months. May’03 - Nov’05 - Project Manager & Lead System Administrator - Global Messaging & Collaboration - Gillette - Boston, MA
● Setting up a global delivery team from scratch. Preparing / Reviewing Proposals, SoW, MSA, and Contracts
● Bringing the large 24X7 global service delivery to a steady state in 2 months. Won the Best Project of the Year award.
● Executing Support Services and Projects for Global Messaging and Collaboration Platform (20000 users in 60 countries)
● Creating a case study in 6 months with customer references that helped in getting similar business from other customers. May’00 - Feb’03 - Solution Architect - BSuite - Weberon - San Jose, CA
● Creating solution offerings in Messaging and Collaboration applications for Small and Medium Businesses (SMB)
● Creating multiple service offerings for SMB customers
● Creating a solution that could be repeated for multiple customers.
● Winning recurring business from multiple customers Jan’00 - Apr’00 Programmer Analyst - Interactive Communications & Systems - New York, NY, USA
● Improving Help Desk Application
Jan’99 - Jan’00 - Solution Specialist - Weberon - Bangalore, India
● Performing Maintenance and Performance tuning of Collaboration Applications and Servers.
● Implementing Collaboration applications for various customers.
● Completing POC on the Business in A Box application
● Implementing collaborative Human Resource application
● Completing Data Migration from existing HR applications
● Improving sales leads tracking application and providing production support Aug’96 - Feb’98 - Mechanical Engineer / Project Engineer - Allied Furnaces - Mumbai, India
● Designing and implementing Industrial Dryers for a leading consumer organization
● Improving production capacity by delivering an improved solution for the drying Jul’95 - Jul’96 - Graduate Engineer Trainee / Project Engineer - Larsen & Toubro - Chennai, and Mumbai, India
● Building Industrial Infrastructure for Mineral Processing.
● Built Offshore Drilling Platform for Oil and Gas.
Contact this candidate