DHAMOTHARAN NEELAKANDAN (Dhamo)
Certified SAFe® * Product Owner/Product Manager
ad2c4q@r.postjobfree.com
480-***-****

Professional Summary:

Having 19 years of experience in the field of Information Technology in different domains with utilizing multiple industry paradigms, and supporting cutting edge and legacy code bases.
Strategic product manager with a demonstrated history in the technology space. Passionate about delighting the user and driving operational efficiency through product solutions. Adept at turning insights into solutions and increasing product adoption.
Skilled in product vision and strategy, solution design, workflow optimization, go-to-market, charting product roadmaps, monetization and use-case centric product demonstrations.
Build, evaluate, communicate, and maintain ownership of the strategic product road-map aligned with business objectives. Specifying market requirements for current and future features and or solutions by conducting market analysis supported by on-going visits to customers and prospects
Experience work with a cross functional team to utilize industry insights, competitor analysis, product and pricing strategy, competitor analysis and organization-wide business goals to create new products, enhancements, and implement product strategy.
Conducted post-implementation user assessments, recommended workflow process recommendations, by identifying bottleneck processes and improving them through continuous interaction
Has proven in Designing, developing, deploying and implementing commercial quality enterprise software’s in Windows Web and mobile based architecture. Over the years, performed in various Roles for different Project/Products who has successfully designed and developed commercial quality, enterprise software’s.
Experience with Implementation of Projects/Products in Client sites & Support for products. Utilizing innovative technology in a timely fashion to achieve positive, productive and measurable results.
Overseen programs ensuring consistent monitoring of regulatory requirements, determined benchmarks, goals and outcomes. Successfully managed complex projects with global implementation, and rapidly evolving requirements.
Managed the successful, fast-tracked implementation of Various Products including Encounter Management and Risk Adjustment Cycle management platforms for a various health plans with over million plus in membership and implemented Provider Solutions, EMR for large Provider group.
Proficient in various stages of development lifecycle methodologies (Agile, Continuous Integration, DevOps, Waterfall, Release Management, Continuous Delivery, SCRUM) and performed requirement gathering, analysis, application development, various testing phases and deployments activities.
Expertise and depth knowledge on CMS Medicare Encounter Processing and MMIP plans including through Exchanges, Medicaid Encounter Processing and state specific encounters processing formats and requirements for 20+ states.
Experience with Monitor and report data trends to keep health plans informed of potential issues, and provide statistical data for vendor contract management in negotiation of contracts.
Extensive knowledge in Claims Processing and HIPAA regulations. Possess good knowledge on QNXT Data Model and QXI web services, worked on various development and maintenance of ancillary applications around QNXT. Having Analysis and understanding of FACETS and EDI proprietary systems
Strong knowledge Health Care Domain, EDI HIPAA transaction types and ANSI X12 data (837, 837S, 835, 834, 270/271, 276/277, 997, 277CA, 277U, 824, MAO 002, MAO-004, NCPDP, and Encounters Submission Process).
Experienced in Requirements Management, Analysis, Modeling, Quality Assurance, Configuration Management and Change Management.
Expertise in Data Conversion, Data Quality, Data Migration, and Data Warehouse (Oracle and SQL Server with different flavors) projects.
Ensured project alignment with Product Development, Client Support and external stakeholders on budget and on time. Translated customer feedback into product requirements for the enhanced version.
Expert capability of building and maintaining collaborative relationship with subject matter experts (SMEs), Instructors and other key stakeholders
Expert level knowledge of UML and data modeling Design Skills and Tools. Extensive experience in Functional, Integration, Regression, User Acceptance (UAT), System, Load and Stress testing and Black Box Testing
Managing reports, analysis and decision-making for a change request. Project Management, Project Schedule, Project Tracking and Team Management

EDUCATON:

Master of Computer Application from University of Madras, India (2005-2007)
Bachelor of Science (Computer Science) from University of Madras, India (2000-2003)

System experience and Technical Skills

Databases: SQLCE, SQL Server 2000/2005/ 2008/ 2012/2014/2016, Oracle 9i/11g/ PL SQL and XE, BIDS 2005/2008/2013/2014/2016

Microsoft Technologies: ASP.NET, C#, VB.Net, LINQ. Net, Smart Client Applications, Crystal Reports, Microsoft Report Viewer and SSIS, Entity Framework 4.0, MVC, HP Quality Center, Remedy System, AGM, ALM, Clear Quest.

Web Technologies: WCF, Web services, REST Services, Web API, HTML, XML, XAML, Java Script, AJAX, Ajax Toolkit, Silverlight, WPF, HTML5, CSS3, Objective C, Component Art. Dev Express Toolkit, ItextSharp, Elmah, Splunk Log, Log4Net. VSO, Octopus, Akka.NET, Azure Web Apps, Power BI Reporting,

Framework: .NET Framework 2.0/ 3.5/4.0 and Compact Framework 1.1, 2.0, Windows Mobile 5.0/6.0, EDI Framework. Claredi, TIBCO HIPAA Validator.

Subversions: Microsoft Visual SourceSafe 2005, Tortoise SVN, TFS, Clear Case, GIT and GitHub, VSTS, Jenkins

Development Environment: Visual Studio.Net 2005/2008/2010/ 2012/2013/2015/2017, Mini Profiler.

Certification AHM, PBM

Methodologies AGILE (SCRUM) and Water Fall

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Trizetto Corporation, Phoenix, AZ Apr 2014 – Present
Sr Product Manager – SW
Role and Responsibilities

Responsible for Design, Development, implementations (Configuration and customization) and Support for Encounter Data Manager Suite to help Health plans to aggregate, submit and follow-up on encounter data generated according to the varying submission and format requirements for Medicare, Medicaid and Commercial Exchange Markets.
Extensively involved in Design and Development, implementation and support for the other Trizetto Products (EDM for Exchanges, Scrub Analyzer and Pend Analyzer for AZ State Plans)
The key areas for this role includes working with PMO and Client to developing vision, strategy and Road maps for new end to end product
Responsible for Planning, liaison with customers, account and delivery management and to help design penetration and developing capabilities of Engineering team.
Work with a cross functional team to utilize industry insights, competitor analysis, product and pricing strategy to create new products, enhancements, and implement product strategy.
Manage overall EDM product backlog with strong knowledge of product architecture and in-depth understanding of underlying technologies also managing the entire product lifecycle or services from strategic planning to tactical activities
Manage prioritization of product backlog driven by customer experience, system performance and support
Coordinate and collaborate with Product Owners, all internal and external stakeholders – Product Management, Consulting, Business process outsourcing, Sales/Marketing and Clients
Leading the collaboration with other product design teams to ensure that integration and interfaces between our products are an integral part of our planning and design process. creating alternative solutions to solve business needs and articulating the pros and cons of the various approaches
Analyzing customers' business and technical requirements and software and product objectives to develop an application design to meet client needs. Created prototypes or a model of a proposed solution using mock ups, wireframes, and storyboards.
Perform feasibility analysis, scope projects, prioritize deliverables, recommend alternative solutions and Product Implementation strategies, and engage in negotiations
Conducted post-implementation and user assessments, review and recommend workflow process, by identifying bottleneck processes and improving them through continuous interaction
Translated customer feedback into product requirements for the enhanced version of Encounter Management Suite.
Managing Funded development activities for new Product features/client-specific customizations.
Experienced in a history of working with Healthcare Industry focused on claims payments and encounter submissions. Skilled in EDI X12, Claims and Encounter Life Cycle Management, Analytical Skills, Software Documentation, Product Design and a SAFe Agilest.
Extensive Experience on EDI requirements, Compliance updates and mapping documents and served as EDI Subject Matter Expert for various HIPAA Implementations. Overseen programs ensuring consistent monitoring of regulatory requirements, determined benchmarks, goals and outcomes
Served as EDI Subject Matter Expert for various HIPAA Implementations. ANSI X12 data (837, 837S, 835, 834, 270/271, 276/277, 997, 277CA, 277U, 824, MAO 002, MAO-004, NCPDP, and Encounters Submission Process).
Ensure health plans achieve business goals by managing vendor data quality and delivery of information including inbound claims and outbound eligibility files.
Specific expertise in mapping from Trizetto Healthcare Products such as Facets, QNXT and QicLink, as well as many others.
Extensive knowledge and created mapping documents for ICD9/ICD10 and 5010 transactions for all claim form types.
Responsible for design, implementation and support for EDMX application for submitting the Enrollment, Medical Claims, Pharmacy and Supplemental data to EDGE server for the Exchanges line of business.
Extensive experience in Duals (MMP) encounter submission process and responsible Re-Design of product to accommodate multiple flavors of Duals like direct CMS Submission for both Medicare Medicaid, Direct State submissions for both, CMS Bypass, State Bypass.
Extensive experience in design of EDR Data warehouse models for Multiple Health Plan implementations. Created Data warehouse design and blueprint provided to layout of Claims, Provider and Member data. Responsible for enhancements to the platform to handle Linked Chart, unlinked chart, Diagnosis pointer mismatch handling etc.
Created high level and low-level design documents (UML, database diagram, sequence diagram, class diagram, code generation and framework enhancements, development of complex part of the application)
Design and Developed ETL process initiative to load the data from various data source like FACETS, QNXT into EDM System through common structure.
Advice client business team on steps required to improve the risk scores and reduce rejections on encounters submission.
Pro-actively follow up with the changes made by the state Medicaid agencies to the encounter process and come up with plan to incorporate in the future product releases.

Client: AETNA Inc., Phoenix, AZ May 2013 – Apr 2014
Technical Product Consultant/Manager

Role and Responsibilities

Responsible for multiple implementation and migration of CORE Systems (QNXT) /Encounter systems (EDM).
Drive integrated teams to deliver technology solutions in support of key product initiatives by working closely with product owners, architects, engineers, and quality assurance.
Ensure deliverables across engineering teams are high quality and clearly documented and delivered within agreed schedule.
Manage prioritization of product backlog driven by customer experience, system performance and support
Manage and appropriately escalate implementation impediments, risks, issues, and changes tied to the product development initiatives
Liaison with business and technology stakeholders across various Lines of Business (LOB’s) establishing in managing features and dependencies in and across releases
Responsible for high level implementation plans, data and process models, estimating, benefits analysis, and return on investments. Analyze requirements and develop application designs.
Solutions Architect responsible for designing the email personalization program powered
by data science based on historical data loads. Partnered with multiple internal and external teams to ensure high availability and performance.
Managing a modules to complete development and data mapping of Provider, Subscriber/Member and Claims data to develop extracts for a third party vendor for external analytical reporting.
Worked closely with stakeholders to help define product strategies that meet client needs while achieving reliability, performance, and scalability
Supervise project teams, including programmer, web designer, database administrator and other internal project staff. Facilitate issues resolution. Prepare and present timely status reports to client and internal senior management.
Designed various reports involving complex logic from EMS and QNXT tables. Developing business intelligence standards for ETL, Data Mining and Analytics.
Expert working on configuration set up (Benefits, contracts, programs/Carriers, Rules, Config options), QNXT Architecture design and layout, Mass adjudication and FFS process performance settings, tuning, troubleshooting, and determination of the ideal settings for enhanced performances on different infrastructure
Developed proof of concept projects for comparing alternatives for web services transformation processes.
Leading Agile Transformation practices for the team.
Participate in strategic planning, including the budgeting and capacity planning exercises
Responsible for designing framework for most of the common functionalities for rapid development of the applications.
Provided round the clock support for issues, bug-fixing, analysis on issues, identifying product defects were also inclusive. Interactions with Trizetto Analysts to resolve QNXT Defects, Incident report and defect management, Triage calls.
Performed Risk and Issue assessment and management for a portfolio of projects. Identified mitigation strategies and track risk items for closure.
Worked with multiple business areas to deliver high priority business objectives that will improve our customers experience and our bottom line.

Client: American Express, Phoenix, AZ Jun 2012 – May 2013
Senior Consultant / Manager
Roles and Responsibilities:

Worked as a Technical Product manager and application Design Architect for Risk Management solutions using agile methodology.
Designed and developed the Application Framework based on service-oriented Architecture and Prepared the design approach, technical spec diagram, data mapping document, estimation based on functional complexity.
Instrumental in identifying architectural improvements resulting in increased developer
efficiency, product reliability, and responsiveness to new feature requests.
Impressive record of building and managing high performing a self-sufficient team of engineers responsible for end to end Web/Windows solutions.
Successful background working with stakeholders, Senior Leadership, and focus groups
to avoid redundancy, minimize expenditures and improve overall synergy within organization.
Conceptualized, Brainstormed and Delivered the end to end development of enterprise RISK solution
Created and delivered the next generation application to compare audio files to match the voice and create a Risk Score to identify Fraud.
Solutions Architect responsible for designing the email personalization program powered
by data science based on customer purchase/browsing history. Partnered with multiple
internal and external teams to ensure high availability and performance.
Architected and designed the mobile-based solution for various audio file conversion project, PCM 16, PCM8 audio file in G723.1 format to reduce the file size as 12:1 which improved efficiency by 30%.
Design and developed a services with the features of updating files on server (audio files and Metadata), placing the dll (deployment activity without accessing Server) on the server, starting/Stopping the server.
Re-engineered the reporting platform to drive quality data for the risk managers
to create custom dashboards. Spear-headed the team for value additions like
Continuous Integration, Application Re-design and Re-Usable components for the client.
Design and Created services for receiving and uploading the Audio File and Meta Data from third party vendor and sent it for processing to find fraudster based on voice.
Designed multiple automated reports and Alerts to business and Vendors(MIS Report, Fraudster Report, Record Balancing report)
Involved in writing Mock Test cases for functional validation and regression Test cases as well for the all the services.
Expert in AMEX delivery policies, creating document for JADR and actively participated for review.

Client: AETNA Inc., Phoenix, AZ Jan 2012 – May 2012
Senior Consultant
Role and Responsibilities

Lead subject matter expert on CORE /Encounter management products.
Responsible for whole SDLC cycle as SME/ System Expert for multiple implementation and migration of CORE Systems (QNXT) /Encounter system.
Liaisons with third party vendor, Aetna IT and Aetna Business for implementation of Encounter system in compliance with HIPAA 5010.
Ensure health plans achieve business goals by managing vendor data quality and delivery of information including inbound claims and outbound eligibility files.
Directed EDI process improvements between Aetna and Vendors by re-defining business objectives and strategic assumptions enabling Aetna to recoup lost revenues.
Established and managed the policies and procedures for the Vendor Management Work Intake Process for resolution in accordance with established SLA’s with Vendors.
Monitor and report data trends to keep health plans informed of potential issues and provide statistical data for vendor contract management in negotiation of contracts.
Design and Architect the DPM and Enrollment Manager Systems which replaces the old legacy eligibility load. Rewrite a current business workflow and proposed workflows focusing on decision support system and automation touch points.
Ensuring business requirements are correctly translated into functional requirements, design specifications & source code.
SME for EDI transaction (837,837S, NCPDP, 270/271, 276/277 etc.) from multiple vendors to load into Aetna System.
Led application and Information Architecture, high level designs, Requirements elicitation, mentoring and training for large technical teams across SDLC.
Experience in backlog grooming, sprint planning and release planning.
Prepared the design approach, technical spec diagram, data mapping document, estimation based on functional complexity.
Trains new Business Analysts and QAs on claims information systems, encounter information systems and various healthcare HIPAA standards like 837, 999, TXN, 277, 835.

Client: Walgreens Inc Sep 2010 - Dec 2011
Engineering Lead
Role and Responsibilities

Design and developed EMR Products suite in minute client setup part of Take care Health clinics.
Responsible for design, development and implementation of EMR web application compatible with Kiosk system and Mobile Platforms
Impressive record of building and managing high performing a self-sufficient team of engineers responsible for end to end mobile/Kiosk solutions.
Design and developed the next generation mobile Kiosk app to provide a personalized shopping experience and deliver customer engagement by utilizing real-time data and insight. Key features are order lookup, search/browse products and easy order.
Shouldering overall responsibilities to understand Client Processes and to work efficiently to meet targets and deliver solutions in accordance with Organization quality control standards and business practices and procedures.
Followed the Iteration mode of development for the entire rewrite of the application. Impressive record of building and managing high performing a self-sufficient team of engineers responsible for end to end mobile solutions and the retail commerce API platform.
Reengineered new architecture and reformatted data in SQL Server for migration to new web-based platform.
Design and created SOA interfaces to interact with EMR and E Laps system and Integrated the Google Maps API within the application to locate the clinics within US.
Lead of the Offshore Team and has been involved in the KA phase, Shadow support, and Reverse shadow support & stabilization phases of the project
Manage & Lead a 15+ members (both offshore and onshore) of team to deliver the project as per the deadlines. Set a technical direction for the team and take responsibility to deliver quality code on time and on budget
Provider of Application and database architectures, methodologies, and best practices for several projects - using established project management methodologies.
Ensured project alignment with Product Development, Client Support and external stakeholders on budget and on time
Lead Developer in re-factoring the underwriting .NET web application and also powered
the mobile quote app with a collection of REST APIs.
Prepared the design approach, technical spec diagram, data mapping document, estimation based on functional complexity.
Involved on the Web application development to parse the different format files from different vendor to Eligibility Files under X12 Format.
Prepares the Weekly Status Reports, KT Handbook, Playback Deck and Quality Gate Deck for the Application and shares this information with the Client on a Daily/Weekly basis.
Involved in improving and evolution of the application by undertaking crucial enhancements and defect rectifications.
Involved on the n tier web based application development to parse the different format files from different vendor to Eligibility Files
Ensure adherence to TCHS/Walgreens Standards in Release/Change Management
Ensure Quality of Deliverables- Components and Documents Participated actively for the reduction & reconciliation plans.
Preparing deployment and release docs and deployed the applications in the Client Server.

Clients: CGI Inc. & Stop and Shop Aug 2008 – Sep 2010
Senior Software Engineer

Role and Responsibilities

Responsible for Design, Development and implementation of Windows mobile based products (Products: Presto Price check and Presto Inspections) for Retail Pricing analysis and Housing Inspections functionalities
Design and Developed n-tier web Applications, web services, windows services for Mobile platform.
Responsible for the development of communicator component, which will listen/watch for the asynchronous messages in MSMQ from different services.
Lead Developer in re-factoring the underwriting .NET web application and also powered
the mobile app with a collection of services.
Prepared the design approach, technical spec diagram, data mapping document, estimation based on functional complexity.
Requirement Analysis and Interacting with the clients for inputs and converting into technical specifications and Involved in UI design and Development in .NET Compact Framework
Design and implementation Web service for Download and Upload Process for communication between handheld and server
Designed and developed all the database related objects required for this product in both SQL CE for handheld and ORACLE for web components.
Design and implementation of Process Module it’s contains the following modules Admin, Schedule, Hours, Expenses, Vacation and Message modules.
Design and develop Integration services for MAP functionality, Camera API and GPS Direction functionality and Implementing Google Map in the web application with various formats.
Developed CMS Module and Reports module using ItextSharp with Report Viewer depending upon the user input which could be like Performance, Zone Report. Exceptional Variation
Integrating report, message, Hours, Expenses, Vacation module with mobile application.
Find GPS coordinates of the Current location in Handheld
Developed Software update module which is used to download the latest files and cab from the server either through ftp or by web services
Preparing deployment and release docs and deployed the web application in the Client Server.
Prepared test plan and guided in framing business specific scenarios. Also involved in unit testing

Electronic Health Networks (EHN) Jul 2003- Jul 2008
System Analyst/Application Developer

Product Description: Electronic Health Networks is Health care product targeted with Provider domain. This product covers end to end revenue cycling management processes starts from Scheduling a Visit, EV & Pre-certification, Claim Management, Denial Management, Contract management, patient financials and net to net analysis and etc.

Role and Responsibilities

Have worked as System Analyst for two years, before move to Application Developer Role.
Accurately analyzed multi-facility RCM workflow, gathered business requirements and translated into system requirements for application implementations.
Created Business Requirements and converted them into detailed Use Cases, Report Specifications and Non Functional Requirements.
Analyzed Requirements and created Use Cases, Use Case Diagrams, Activity Diagrams using Visio.
Provided primary liaison between business/operations/vendors and development
Involved in analysis, design and development of the Web Application Using Three Tier Architecture.
Created parser for the various EDI transaction (837,837S, 270/271, /277 etc.) and involved in Design and development of various modules available in the product like Web Claim Edit Module, Demographics, Scheduling, Claim /EDI-837S workflow, EV, ECS with B2B Vendors and various Reports.
Performed deployment activities of hospital revenue cycle management tools including billing procedures, SNOMED codes, CPT codes and ICD-10 codes compliant to federal regulations
Consult with client to identify key requirements, define project scope, develop project plans and schedules, and provide leadership to internal teams on projects and daily production issues.
Successfully implemented this product in multiple Provider environments based on their custom requirements.
Worked with the business/ subject matter experts to identify and understand requirements. Conducted user interviews and data analysis review meetings to identify requirements and then documented them in a format that can be reviewed and understood by both business people and technical people.
Performed Detailed Data Analysis (DDA), Data Quality Analysis (DQA) and Data Profiling on source data.
Created data mapping documents mapping Logical Data Elements to Physical Data Elements and Source Data Elements to Destination Data Elements.
Created and executed SQL queries (using Rapid SQL and MS Access) and scripts to validate data movement and generate expected results for UAT. Conducted UAT to verify whether all the Requirements were catered to by the application and Used Rational Test Manager for Test Case Management and Rational Clear Quest for defect tracking and resolution
Contact this candidate