PROFILE - Professional Skills

Qualified Apparel Production Professional with over 20 year of manufacturing management experience.
Excellent organizational skills. Problem solving orientation.
Advanced knowledge of Windows, Office, Browsers, Customer Resource Management database, Outlook, MS Project, ACT Program, SAP.
Fully bilingual English and Spanish.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

NEW ERA CAP, Miami Florida 2012 - 2023
Asst. Manager, Global Apparel Sourcing
Supports product development for apparel products.
Ensures factory submit are in accordance with calendar deadlines.
Works with factories on production related problem to resolution.
Monitors current vendor base regarding performance standards such as quality, on time delivery, product compliance, pricing, and overall service consistency.

GAP INC, Miami, Florida 2009
Product Manager Assistant
Managed production timelines and reports.
Followed up on production status and forecast reports.
Worked closely with all vendors to ensure monthly production requirement was met.
Interfaced successfully with Management regarding sales, billing, customers and vendors.

SANOFI-AVENTIS, Santo Domingo, Dom. Rep 2004 - 2008
Purchasing Manager
Managed all aspects of purchasing process for goods and services.
Handled negotiation of all insurance policies and reviewed all contracts issued.
Implemented regional purchasing policies.
Obtained and met all budgeted targets.

KENTUCKY APPAREL LTD, Miami, Florida 2002
Customer Service Representative, for Eddie Bauer, Gap and Levi’s
Served as a liaison between the clients and the company.
Handled production and planning. Coordinated workflow process with the factory staff and provided constant feedback to the client.
Provided close follow up on production status to match customer needs.
Coordinated and planned new production out of the Mexico manufacturing plant.

MGROUP, CARIBBEAN INDUSTRIAL PARK, Santiago, Dom. Rep. 1997 - 2001
Product Manager, for Eddie Bauer, Jones New York, Liz Claiborne, Levi’s
Provided customer support handling the development, cost, production and shipment of goods. Ensured the integrity of the process in all phases of production.
Coordinated and Scheduled deliveries, Followed Time and Action (Raw Materials/ Factory Cycle/Production Calendar) report.

ANTILLES MANUFACTURING, SANTIAGO FREE ZONE, Dom. Rep. 1995 - 1897
Planning and Process Manager
Managed and controlled weekly shipments/logistics of international transportation.
Controlled purchasing all supplies and equipment.
Improved engineering methods and procedures.

EDUCATION

Master in Business Administration
PUCMM University, 2004-2006, Santo Domingo, Dom. Rep

Master in Manufacturing
PUCMM University, 1998-1999, Santiago, Dom. Rep.

BS in Industrial Engineering
PUCMM University, 1990-1995, Santiago, Dom. Rep

Excellent References Furnished Upon Request
Contact this candidate