SONAL SINGH
SENIOR BUSINESS ANALYST

Sonal Singh is an seasoned and experienced Business Analyst consultant, Product Manager, and Digital transformation expert with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services vertical across a broad range of industries including Retail, E-commerce, Health Insurance, and Automotive. I am involved at a strategic and operational level with Front Office, Middle Office, and Back Office stakeholders in all phases of SDLC for different lines of business, for requirement analysis and gathering/elicitation.

An expert with leadership and analytical skills to translate your ideas/thoughts into exciting products that solve your customer's needs and well versed in identifying new opportunities in the area of process automation. A dynamic professional with a solid understanding of business and technical aspects of BA/DA with strong abilities for quickly adapting to technology changes, and successfully taking up new challenges..

PERSONAL INFO

PHONE : +1-786-***-****
E-MAIL : ad2h39@r.postjobfree.com

TOOLS & TECHNOLOGIES
JIRA, CONLUENCE, SQL, PYTHON( Beginner for analytics),LUCID CHART, XLS,.

INDUSTRY SKILLS

•Business Analysis/ Intelligence
•Digital Business Transformation (Marketing)
•Agile methodologies (Kanban/Waterfall)
•Requirements Gathering/Elicitation
•Agile Project Management
•Product Management/Backlog Management
•Business Analytics / Data Visualization
•User Stories Unified Modeling Language
•Decision Modelling workflows
•Process and Control Documentations

•Policy & Procedure Formulation
•Employment activities/initiatives development
•Performance Management
•Employee communication
•leadership coaching and development
•Employee Counselling
•Benefits management
•Talent management

WORK EXPERIENCE
Getright Software Solution (Getright.in/portfolio)
Senior Business Analyst/Product Manager (09/2017 – 05/2021)
Key Responsibilities

●Coordinated with cross functional team of stakeholder’s executives, business units and software team to develop features based on business requests in alignment with business objectives. Also, documented and gathered product requirements, specifications and enhancements based on feedback from business.
●Conducted Gap Analysis, Data Analysis & Mapping, data flow capture, Data Lineage & Manipulation, Data Reporting analysis and validated business rule mapping for business transformation / flows for multiple database projects.
●Interviewed stakeholders across various groups including Front Office Managers, Salespersons, Middle Office, Back Office (Operations), Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) and cross functional teams to Gather requirement, create Business Requirement document (BRD), Functional Requirement document and maintain Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM).
●Experience of handling roles and responsibilities of Product analyst cum Owner such as writing user stories, maintaining product backlog, grooming team to understand business requirements.
●Assisting business/technical partners in project implementation, mainly in product expertise but also in Project management when necessary, development, testing and training,
●Participated in the PI planning to plan for the next stream of work for future pipeline and accountable as bridge between the tech teams & the business.
●Conducted backlog reviews, planning poker sessions, sprint planning, customer reviews and retrospectives for two teams during concurrent 2-week sprint cycles.
●Collaborated/Coordinated with 5 Line of Business cross functional teams to identify, document, review the scope, timeliness, and risk associated with the project.
●Managed/Supervised team and worked with development team to ensure that roadblock/showstopper issues are resolved. Performed Business Testing by writing queries to retrieve relevant data.
●Conducted meticulous GAP analysis while successfully reengineering key business processes to increase operational efficiency and alignment of business unit objectives.
●Facilitated Daily Scrum Meetings and Monthly Reviews meetings. Conducted sprint retrospective, followed up on action items for continuous improvement and conducted story grooming sessions with the offshore and onsite team.
●Aligned expectations for all projects / deliverables by establishing and managing cross-functional stakeholder team’s members.
●Facilitated agile retrospective for the organization with the leadership and guided teams with outcome resulting in enhanced performance.
●Prioritize the features of the Application/Software/Platform and Adjust the features and priority as needed per the product roadmap after each sprint or iteration

HR MANAGER
Key Responsibilities

●Manage the group with VP HR in defining policies and procedures as required.
●Responsible for problem solving, analysis and presentation of various data as required.
●Lead the long-term planning process as well as the short term budgeting process across the functions and responsible for providing key metrics /analysis.
●Develops report on key business issues and other business initiatives as needed. Work autonomously and collaboratively with others.

SRMB & Associates
Senior HR Executive (07/2013 – 05/2017)

Key Responsibilities
●Managing the complete life cycle of an employee that includes all activities from Recruitment to Retirement and from Salaries to Settlement.
●Designing and implementation of new HR Policies and Leave Policies for smooth functioning of the Organization.
●Provide Induction training for new recruits.
●Planning and carrying out Employee Engagement activities for better employee relation & employee retention.
●Preparation & maintenance of MIS reports such as Monthly new joining report, Monthly attrition reports, Weekly Recruitment reports & statutory reports.
●Coordinating with IT Department for timely issue / allotment of workstation for new employees.
Exa Advisors Pvt. Ltd
HR Executive (02/2011 – 06/2013)

Key Responsibilities
●Supervised core HR profile including screening resumes, recruitment, conducting initial round of interview, scheduled technical and other rounds of interview
●Filled all positions by extensively utilizing innovative recruitment strategies with minimal usage of agencies
●Maintained a strong network of contacts to identify and source quality candidates, reviewed applications to identify and arrange preliminary interviews
●Prepared manpower data & generated reports from SAP as per business requirements, updated MIS on daily basis
●Monitored and addressed performance issues and driving engagement among employees
●Prepared salary structure and Offer Letter of the selected candidates after approval from the Business Head
●Ensured on-time completion of joining formalities, on-boarding & induction of the new joiners.
EDUCATION

2016-04 Bhartiya Vidyapeeth, Paschim Vihar
Persuading Ph. d. (Green HRM)

2010-05 Devi Ahilya Vishva Vidyalaya, Indore
Master of Business Administration (HR & Systems).

2006-05 Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad
B. Tech. (Computer Science Engineering).

PH.D. RESEARCH PAPER PUBLICATIONS
●Women Entrepreneurship Empowerment and Development, 2014 - the paper was acknowledged as the best paper (ISBN No. 978**********)
●Study of Women Health Status in India: Moving from Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) towards Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) for achieving Inclusive Growth
●Concept of Green HRM: A review of Literature” in trans Asian Research Journal in Sep’18 (ISSN: 2278-4853)
●An analytical study into the various dimension of Green HRM practices and its impact on job satisfaction in ITES Industry in International Journal of Management Technology and Engineering (ISBN: 978-93-87793-48-4)
Contact this candidate