SUBHASH BHATIA, CISSP ***, Lower Vintners Circle, Fremont, California 94539
Contact: 510-***-****, ad2i9p@r.postjobfree.com

Senior Leadership Role in Technology & Engineering

Summary
Technology executive with hands-on experience in Enterprise & Cloud Security of B2C, B2B & Mobile SAAS platforms. Experience in Product management, Software engineering and 24x7 IT/operations. Delivered secure Web & Mobile software platforms, Mobile Security Applications and Infrastructure and Security Audits.

Diverse background covers Global Product & Engineering management (120+), foster innovation, internal &
external collaboration, architecture, quality assurance, customer support, & marketing functions
Have served as CTO/CISO for several SAAS based startups. Develop company Security posture, guidelines, roadmap
Software, platform and IT/Ops infrastructure security. Experience with Data center security audits, SOX & PCI
Strong strategic and long-range planning abilities, skilled in setting business/product/technology strategy
Build roadmaps in B2C, B2B & Mobile Device and Platforms. Experience on Venture funding and M&A
Success in building architecture roadmap, implementation of software development best practices, QA
Automation, Quality metrics and performance /scalability engineering, and security to ensure platforms are built with
extreme efficiency and low cost, and that the software is best in class and production ready upon delivery.
Strong Security Architecture experience – design, implementation and planning of large secure software platforms.
IT Risk Management framework, IT General Control (ITGC) and Audit Management, and Security Training.
CISSP (2008) Certified Security Professional with 10+ year experience in Software, Infrastructure and Data Security
Member of Security Paranoids @Yahoo! & ISSA, Security Awareness training for executive/employees
Knowledge of NIST SP 800 30 framework, ISO 27001 framework, CSC Top 20 Controls

Career Highlights

Associate Director, Cloud Technology & Governance September 2021-April 2023
HCL America, Sunnyvale, USA

Provide Strategic consulting to HCL F500 Clients in the area Hybrid Cloud Infrastructure Security and Governance.
Architect and design solutions involving multiple vendor products. Support and be subject matter expert for very large implementation teams within HCL supporting F500 Clients.

Executive Vice President – Product & Technology Operations April 2019 – August 2020
Verisk Financial – LCI Burlingame, CA

Verisk Financial – LCI is a Financial Online Services company dealing with Bankruptcy and Risk Compliance service. Clients include Credit Card Companies, Banks and Financial Institutions, Mortgage companies. Currently responsible for all aspects of B2B software development including Product & Program Management, SAAS Architecture, Software Platforms development, QA, Release Management and Site Reliability & Security operations. Champion DevOps and DevSecOps methodologies for CD/CI and round the clock development and quality management. PCI Compliance, PAN and PII Security architecture design and implementation.

Practice Director – Digital transformation/Cloud/Data Platform/Machine Learning Engineering, March 2018-19
Wipro Limited, CA
Manage the business, digital, and IT transformation strategy pursing large cloud adoption initiatives and cloud migrations. Handle staffing and prioritization of technical projects.

Initiate DevSecOps methodology in Design Led Agile Development (DLAD) processes.
Build a R&D HUB for Digital Transformation and help build machine learning based intelligent applications for
Asset based Services. Projects involve Anomaly detection, Traceability analysis and Data Quality.
Leading technical strategy for Data Architecture/Machine Learning Platforms, Cross Cloud integration, Microservices
Work with customers on Big Data Analytics/Pattern matching/ML Applications in Medical Health & Systems Mgmt.
Participate in strategic planning and delivery of expansion of the Customer Cloud Migration/Data Platform projects.
Subject Matter Expert for Security Engineering Practices, Audit, Compliance and Risk Management.

Founder & CTO, AsticaSoft Inc, Fremont, CA 9/2015 - 12/2018
Asticasoft is an information security software company in stealth mode working on a secure payment processing system
utilizing image & voice based multi factor authentication. Provisional patent filed. Prototype development in progress.

Provided Strategic Management and Technology consulting in Security and BigData to SF Bay area companies.
Client: Macate Systems - Consulting EVP of Products & Engineering for a Mobile Security company.
Success in building Security Products Strategy, eCommerce Strategy, and for Mobile Security Platform
Build team responsible for new architecture and design of Secure Mobile device with TPM level integration
Success in hiring and building a Product and Technology team in the Bay area
Security planning and Audit preparations for SAAS based deployments

CTO & VPE, Acesse Corporation, Redwood Shores, CA 10/2013 - 9/2014
Hired by the Acesse Board to help deliver on next phase of growth for a highly profitable and fast-growing business
operating at the cutting edge of Internet based services for small businesses. Built and scale (100+) the engineering
organization to become a world class R&D Center in Silicon Valley.
Helped grow revenue by 300% by introducing three new product lines (Ad Management, Collaboration Tools, Video)
Successfully built and managed Product, Architecture, Engineering, IT/Operations and Technical Support teams (100+)
Successfully build security posture, security architecture and Security Audit plans for new products
Define overall IT Security Strategy & Vision. Ensure IT Security Strategy clearly communicates future design and
aligns with cyber security and risk objectives across each part of the organization. Implement SSO across product lines.

CTO, AsticaSoft Consulting, Inc. Fremont, CA 1/2012- 9/2013
AngiesList - Consulting Chief Architect and Head for Search & Browse responsible for delivery of next generation
platform (heterogeneous .NET and Django/Python, SOLR based Search). Capacity planning, scalability engineering
and Security. Hybrid Cloud based deployment in Amazon AWS
CoreMobile Networks - Consulting CTO/EVP engineering for an enterprise mobility company building mobile smart
assistants for individuals and professionals including Physicians, Investment bankers, and Sales executives.
Responsible for all aspects of Security considerations for designing a Cloud based solutions for Medical Industry (HIPPA)

CTO & VPE, ProconGPS, a Mobile2Mobile Company, Irvine, CA 5/2011-11/2011
ProconGPS provides Business Intelligence and Risk Management services to Financial, Retail & Logistics Industry
utilizing Location Based Services. Managed consolidation and growth of Technology & Engineering of 3 companies.
Successful consolidation of heterogeneous platforms over to one large multi-tenant architecture (Rails 3)
Restructured, enhanced and scaled Engineering and IT organization to 50+
Promoted company wide SAAS security plans - build security policies, secure software process, compliance and Audit

SVP Engineering and Operations, Mobile Content Networks, Mountain View, CA 1/2009- 5/2011
Brought on board to serve as CTO & VPE at MCN, a global software company delivering Mobile Search and Ad
management Cloud/SAAS platform in the cloud supporting key mobile operators and content providers in Asia & Europe.
Managed Advanced technology, UI/UX, Architecture, Development, QA & 24X7 Operations teams
Managed SAAS platform Security and 3-tier architecture security at all levels. Participate in SAAS security Audit
Successful due diligence of several companies for M&A leading to MCN acquisition by Opt Inc. Japan

Sr. Director of Engineering & Division Chief of Staff, Yahoo, Inc., Sunnyvale, CA 2006-2008
Managed new technology initiatives, strategic hiring (100+), optimize software teams and acquisition integration,
business operations optimization, enhance software & platform security posture & processes, drive architectural enhancements, manage services operations/SLAs for Yahoo Strategic Data Division of 500+.
Successful roll out of major releases of Ad monetization platform and petaByte scale Query & Storage platform
Delivered petaByte scale Marketing Insights platform for Yahoo Analytics & Search Research
Member of Yahoo Paranoids team representing the Data Division. Data Security and Governance
Successful hiring 100+ engineering resources, set up & onboard software development center in Illinois

CTO/VP Products & Technology, TradeBeam/SupplySolution/Encover, San Mateo, CA 2002-2006
Worked with Sigma Partners VC portfolio companies. Managed Product strategy and architecture vision for
supporting B2B SAAS based applications. Managed Product Management, Software development and 24X7
IT/Operations teams of 100+ with budget over $20M. Serve as Joint CTO for TradeBeam and SupplySolution.
Successfully redesign overall architecture, integrate diverse products utilizing SSO and restructure engineering teams
Leading to merger of SupplySolution with Tradebeam.
Managed to satisfy customer needs and save strategic accounts saving 10+MM in revenue flow.
Serve as CISO for the companies. Managed SAAS platform Security and 3-tier architecture security at all levels.
Participate in SAAS security Audits with E&Y Auditors and Cisco Security team.

Cofounder CTO, SiteBurst, Inc., A Video Ad Platform, San Mateo, CA 2000-2002
As CTO managed Product & Technology strategy, Security Architecture, Software development and IT/Operations.
Manage deployment of secure rich media based multi-tenant SAAS software platform for Collaborative Channel Marketing.
Successfully created new product definition, innovative software architecture & development of digital content
publishing and serving platform (Youtube & DART like) for rich media (video, audio, image and interactive data).

Vice President Engineering, Infoseek/Go.com, Walt Disney Company 1999-2000 Reporting to the CIO managed all eCommerce Solutions (Order management, fulfillment and Payment Processing)
and Business Systems. Manage multi-location teams of 70+ managers and engineers with overall budget of over
$20+MM. Managed Corporate IT Finance, Security infrastructure, Data Warehouse & Business Intelligence teams.
Successful Launch of Go Auctions, Go Sites (Beta), Go Stores, Registration, Billing systems, & Corporate ERP.
Managed large scale eCommerce SAAS platform Security. Lead SAAS security Audits project for SOX compliance.
Promoted to VP of Engineering - successful launch of high volume scalable Order Management System for Disney

Education
MS Engineering Management – Santa Clara University
MS Electrical Engineering – Queen’s University
BE(Hons) Electronics Instrumentation – MS University, India
Contact this candidate