Marc Faerber
Seattle, WA (***) ***–**** ad2kcg@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/marc-a-faerber/
Senior Marketing & Product Manager
20+ years of experience in product lifecycle management, GTM strategy development, integrated marketing campaigns, and project consulting for leading B2B and B2C companies.
Adept at collaborating with cross-functional teams to align visions and drive customer awareness and engagement through innovative, research-backed campaigns.
Proven ability to develop and execute successful product marketing strategies that lead to increased market share and revenue.
Passionate about introducing customers to new products and technologies that make a difference at work and in daily life.
Skills

Product Management • Go-to-Market Strategy • Integrated Marketing • Product Launches • Brand Management • Cloud Computing • Enterprise Software • Stakeholder Management • Business Development • Strategic Product Positioning • Collaborative Team Leadership • Interpersonal Communication
Experience
SENIOR MARKETING & COMMUNICATIONS CONSULTANT @ MICROSOFT SEPT. 2005 – PRESENT
Independent Contractor Marketing Leader with 10+ years of experience leading complex projects at Microsoft, launching new products and services, developing, and executing successful marketing campaigns, and driving growth.

Key Achievements:
Consulted on new product introductions and innovation, conducting market analyses, and developing long-term marketing strategies
Established the cross-functional GDC Council to prioritize and manage integrated marketing initiatives across Microsoft's commercial cloud businesses
Led a Customer Success Unit team as a technical scrum lead, applying agile development processes to manage sales engagements across Azure workloads
Managed marketing campaigns and budgets for multi-million-dollar projects, including SharePoint, Office Live, Office 365, Microsoft 365, Surface Hub, and Form.
Recognized for excellence in project development and management, leading cross-functional teams to complete critical projects
GROUP PRODUCT MANAGER MICROSOFT OFFICE DIVISION - CONSUMER DEC. 2003 – SEPT. 2005
As a technology product leader, I managed a team of marketing professionals and collaborated with cross-functional teams to develop and deliver Microsoft products and services to consumers worldwide. I drove the product marketing strategy, which represented $500M in annual revenue for Microsoft. I managed data compilation, analysis, and prioritization of features, and I delivered detailed business plans, product requirements documents, and product roadmaps to support organizational objectives.

Key Achievements:
Managed a team and collaborated with various departments to develop and deliver Microsoft products and services to consumers worldwide
Drove product marketing strategy, representing $500M in annual revenue for Microsoft
Oversaw brand development, product positioning, messaging, launching new product concepts
Provided subject matter expertise in defining the 3-year consumer strategy for Microsoft Office
Led the initiative to make Office downloadable for customers, resulting in the launch of an online marketplace for all Office editions and applications
Led the marketing effort for online services under the Office “Live” branding which were the precursors to Microsoft’s Modern Work offerings

OFFICE SYSTEM LAUNCH MANAGER MICROSOFT NOV. 2002 – OCT. 2003
In this role, I assumed full accountability for the successful delivery of multiple, simultaneous projects and effectively managed resources, schedules, and quality of deliverables through the full project life cycle encompassing discovery, analysis, design, construction, testing, and implementation. Notably, I managed a company-wide virtual team of forty members, including product marketing groups, audience marketing teams, and marketing disciplines.
Key Achievements:
Orchestrated one of Microsoft's largest product launches, spanning 13 products and $10B in annual revenue
Ensured successful execution of the Office System Launch, reviewing launch plans and overseeing post-launch optimization
Managed a company-wide virtual team from across marketing disciplines, engineering and sales
PRODUCT MANAGER MICROSOFT JUL. 2000 – NOV. 2002
In this role, I facilitated significant Microsoft product refinements, new project scheduling, task prioritization, and key technology solutions to meet the changing needs of a dynamic business environment. Specifically, I refined Microsoft Office 2003 Editions’ positioning and messaging while accelerating efforts to re-brand Microsoft’s flagship Office brand.
Key Achievements:
Devised product markets and concepts, and turned around repositioning of services & products for success through directing, co-developing branding, naming, packaging, and messaging strategies
Leveraged insightful analytics and managed a novel market research project to determine consumer acceptability for the new product offering hosting services – applauded by management including CEO as the one of “best research projects”
Managed creation of technical training programs for flagship Microsoft certification training products to increase staff proficiency, elevated certified users in 1 year vs. previous 5 years by developing an alliance with a global staffing agency
Education
B.A. IN BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION (MARKETING EMPHASIS) GEORGETOWN UNIVERSITY
Contact this candidate