Ken Loveless
Atlanta, GA *****
ad2k4c@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/ken-loveless-a1b8067
(M) 470-***-****

Project Product Management Leader
Results- driven Technical Project Manager with accomplishments in business transformation, process definition and refinement, strategy, business analysis, product development and delivery. Proven leadership capabilities including cost management, process development, . Effective communication skills and team builder.Proficient in MS Project, Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Visio,
Core Competencies
Strategic Collaborative Analytical Communication Product Development Product Lifecycle
Team Leadership Customer Facing and Support Innovative Solutions

Experience
H&R Block Dec. 2021 – Present
Tax Associate
Seasonal Tax preparation services

AT&T Services, Inc. Dec. 2010 – Aug. 2019
Senior Technical Project Manager
Project manager for highly complex network/IT infrastructure initiatives.
Lead cross functional teams to complete projects and program deliverables within allotted timeline and budget
Defined project/program scope and objectives, documents and/or facilitated creation of business requirements, directed activities of project teams, and identifies resources.
Developed detailed work plans, schedules, project estimates, resource plans, and status reports.
Collaborated with teams to define and improve processes, manage ongoing issues, perform risk management.
Analyzed and interpreted research to evaluate and recommend solutions.
Managed relationships with project stakeholders, including Technology and Business partners

AT&T Operations, Inc. Jan. 2007 - Dec. 2010
Senior Manager – Merger/Integration Product Development
Managed team members from both separate companies collectively to integrate systems and products into one cohesive set.

Responsibilities and achievements were the same as Technical Project Manager listed above.

BellSouth Long Distance, Atlanta, GA Jan 1997 - Jan 2007
Sr. Product Development Manager
Oversight for development of new and enhanced products and services portfolio specific to mass markets long distance.
Identified, defined, and assessed new LD opportunities for calling plans, services, and features.
Determine financial feasibility based on projected revenue and expenses.
Determine infrastructure and operational impacts and requirements.
Ensure legal/regulatory guideline compliance.
Publish product specifications, provide input to RFP’s, and support development of customer service training documentation to ensure convergence across all channels and vendors.
Manage product development implementation teams from ideation through product launch to ensure product is delivered, provisioned, and billed properly in support of specific timeframes and budgets.
Marketing point of contact for product lifecycle management operational issues

Ken Loveless Page 2

Relevant Earlier Experience

VarTec Telecom, Puerto Rico Telecom, Nortel Networks
Various positions with telecom switching and network planning, engineering, and operations.

Education Certifications

B.S. Business Administration – University of Phoenix
A.S. Associate Applied Science - Idaho State University.
Master’s Certificate – Project Management, George Washington University
Nortel certification in DMS-250 /DMS-10 translations, software, traffic analyses, and switch maintenance
Global knowledge ATM engineer certification.
PMP Project Management
Six Sigma Green Belt

Patents

Patent numbers 7643627, 8229095, and 8619961:
Methods, Systems and Storage Mediums for Providing A Self-Provisioning Telephony Service
Contact this candidate