Nelson H. Hurdle

***** ***** **** ***** *****: 813-***-****
Fort Washington, MD. 20744 Email: ad2kgu@r.postjobfree.com

Senior Program Manager
An accomplished Program Manager and Business Relationship Manager (BRM) having over 20 years of experience delivering successful results to organizations by applying innovative project implementation methodologies. As the Lead Product Management Executive, developed and launched large scale SaaS/PaaS Technology implementations for IBM and Florida Department of Children and Families. Proven experience in managing cross functional project teams and technology product development and application integrations. Led strategy teams to analyze value proposition, essential product features, competitive positioning, and channel strategies for Worldwide Server Marketing organization. Managed development teams focused on health care portal technology development/modernization (using AWS cloud services) Outstanding educational background includes Master’s degree in Industrial Administration and PMP from the Project Management Institute.

Areas of Expertise

Project Management
Product Development
Technology Management
Financial Management
Product Marketing & Strategy
Partnerships/Alliances
Customer Relationship Mgmt.
Consulting/IT Engagements
Intellectual Property (IP)
Enterprise Operations
Vendor Management
Contract Management

Technical Skills

C#, C++ Application Development
Java, JavaScript Programing
MS Visual Foundation Server ADE
Agile (Scrum) Lean and SDLC DevOps
Oracle and Teradata DBMS
Structured Query Language (SQL)
Data Modeling, Data Analytics
Epic App Orchard EHR Integrations
Network (TCP/IP DNS, VPN)
Microsoft Teams, PowerBi
Software as a Service (SaaS)
Cloud Network Management

Professional Experience

Quadrant Inc. Reston. VA Mar 2023 – Aug 2023
Lead Product Manager, Client Engagement Manager
Lead Product Manager supporting SuprTEK contract with Air Force (AF) to perform SAFe Agile requirements planning and decomposition for the Dynamic Mission Replanning (DMR) program, used to support global AF airlift operations. Scope included requirements planning to implement new weather alerting mechanisms, data capture to display and map airspace rerouting and refueling operations, data processing to perform patient and passenger tracking, and capabilities to enable flight managers to modify Global Decision Support Systems (GDSS) mission parameters during execution stage. Facilitated focus group sessions with team of Flight Managers from the 618th Air Operations Center (AOC) and GDSS engineers to validate user requirements. Collaborated with DMR product owner, scrum master, developers, and test engineers to develop Technical Assessment document describing the implementation plans for newly proposed features.

Take2 Consulting LLC, Vienna, VA Oct 2021 – Feb 2023
Product Manager, Interface Transition Manager
Product Engineer responsible for managing the design, build, implementation, testing and deployment of applications and interfaces in support of the Electronic Health Record Modernization (EHRM) program supporting the Veterans Administration (VA). Responsible as lead Transition Product Manager across several distinct product implementations. Worked closely with systems integrators, product vendors, network engineers, product development teams and end-user groups, including doctors, clinicians, nurses and VA hospital administrative staff. Launched an Apple Health IOS mobile device application interface that is integrated into the Oracle-Cerner Health Information Exchange to support the EHRM program. Successfully developed and delivered an enterprise-wide Telehealth Management Scheduling Platform interface.

Cerner Government Services, Arlington, VA Jan 2020 – Aug 2021
Task Order Program Executive
Task Order Executive with a $37M budget to plan, build, develop and deploy a series of Telehealth Managed Service Capabilities that are a part of the Veteran Administration (VA) Electronic Health Record Modernization (EHRM) initiative. Represented Cerner during Veteran Administration Strategic Planning Council focused on enterprise technology modernization utilizing Cerner’s Millennium EHR with highly secured Virtual Care capabilities. Facilitated requirements specifications with Cerner software architects and VA stakeholders to design web-portal based Video Visits, Remote Patient Monitoring and Patient Portal Sign-up capabilities used by Veterans. Responsible for managing Cerner application development teams and third-party vendors during development and testing. Engaged as point of contact for VA Product Managers during implementation and deployment of capabilities at Veteran Administration Medical Centers. Developed briefings and presented status reporting to VA and Cerner executive sponsors. Obtained the highest performance ratings in 2020 across all Cerner Government Services (CGS) Task Orders for Product Quality, Project Management, and Client Management.

Impact Business Consulting, Tampa, FL Sept 2017 – Dec 2019
Principal Consultant, Senior Product Manager
Principal Consultant and Senior Product Manager supporting client business focused on national warehousing and distribution of natural and health food products. Performed data analysis, user story requirements and workflow modeling to support mobile based transactions. Supported executive leadership with strategies to increase market reach and reduce inefficiencies between suppliers, warehouse operations and retail customers. Conducted product review to assess factors affecting product marketability. Presented recommendations to eliminate certain inventoried products. Developed project plan and managed the installation, customization and testing of NetSuite order management and fulfillment system.

Achieve Development, Tampa, FL Apr 2008 – Sept 2017
Executive Director for Programs and Projects
Program Director/Manager engaged to manage development of web-based application tools for Florida Child Management Tracking System utilized on Intranet used by the Florida Department of Children and Families (DCF). Facilitated requirements definition, data-modeling-warehousing, use case and workflow specifications to support web-portal based capabilities used by DCF Administrators, Case Managers and Foster Agencies. Supervised team of Developers, Solution Architects and Business Analysts using Microsoft Visual Studio and Oracle SQL Developer to support development, system testing, change management, training, and application support. Managed contract performance with state agency executives, delivered project status, managed contract performance, met quality objectives, and resolved issues affecting user acceptance and client satisfaction.

IBM Global Services, Tampa, FL Aug 1997 – Apr 2008
Service Product Marketing Manager
Service Product Manager led $10M Service Product development for IBM’s B2B Remote Managed Information Systems l(RMIS) in 2007, which resulted in one of IBM’s first B2B offerings utilizing Cloud and SaaS technologies. Managed cross functional teams, infrastructure planning, steady state operations and help desk support need for the new RMIS offering.
Senior Project Consultant managed contracted deliverables which included the project plan, project team and project financials, project reporting to IBM senior management. Engagement value was initially $5M and was lifted to $12M, with high client satisfaction during the performance period
Conducted trainings for IBM Project Managers at events and acted as a Project Advisor to coach and mentor several IBM Project Managers on engagements
Led a team of software engineers and developers in support of IBM’s product launch of Web Connections, a bundled offering that enabled cost effective access to the internet, in addition to DNS, email, web page creation and cataloging services.

Education & Training

Thomas Cooley School of Law, Juris Doctorate, August 2015

Carnegie Mellon University, Graduate School of Industrial Administration
M.S. Industrial Administration (MBA) May 1993.

California State University at Dominguez Hills, B.S. Computer Science, May 1989.

Project Management Institute (PMI) Certified Project Management Professional (PMP)
Contact this candidate