SAFe® APM- Agile Product Manager/Owner & SPC -Agile Coach/Trainer

RICKY D. FREE,

PMI: PMP & ACP - SAFe®:SPC, LPM, APM, POPM, SA & SP
AWS Cloud Practitioner, CSM, ITIL-Foundation, Six Sigma-Black Belt

eMail: ad2mq2@r.postjobfree.com USA Citizen cell: (817) 689 - 5736

LinkedIN: Ricky Free -Profile on LinkedIN

Key: PgM & PM: PMI / PMP Certified Project Management Professional

Application Development: PMI/ACP - Agile Certified Practitioner,
SAFe® 5: SPC - SAFe 5 Program Consultant - SAFe implementation professional - Coach / Trainer
LPM-Lean Portfolio Management-Certified, APM-Agile Product Management Certified,
POPM-Product Owner Project Manager Certified, SA-SAFe Agilist Certified,
SP-SAFe Practitioner Certified, & Scrum Alliance Scrum Master Certified

Cloud: Amazon Web Services: AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner CLF-C01

Infrastructure: ITIL Foundation Certified

Quality: Six Sigma Yellow, Green & Black Belt Certified

Past VP of Finance for the Fort Worth Chapter of the Project Management Institute -PMI.

International IT Leadership & Trainer experiences with Cap Gemini-France, Norway, Spain, United Kingdom, Netherlands and IBM-Hungary, Mexico.

Professional Experience:
DISYS/Dexian, at LPL Financial - /REMOTE Feb 23 – Dec 23
Technical Agile Product Manager / Owner for Infrastructure & Operations Delivery Engineering Organization.. IT infrastructure (on-prem & AWS cloud), in support of the aligned domain products. Responsible for managing Monitoring of New Infrastructure (IaaS) Delivery supporting the complete lifecycle of the services of the aligned Product Domain. Lead for enabling Cloud based solutions. Fast paced, start up like environment, assist to identify requirements and facilitate implementation, while following appropriate change control and release processes. Using, SAFe (Scaled Agile Framework for the Enterprise) and Dynatrace. Industry: Wealth Management

APEX, at The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation - DTCC - /REMOTE Apr 22 – Dec 22
Technical Agile Product Manager for Network Systems. Financial service clients (Banks, brokerage firms, insurance agencies,…) generate revenue over the DTCC designed and managed client networks that providing support for Customer connectivity (ie. on-line applications / services including: API’s, file sharing & messaging) through a private Cloud via SMART (Securely Managed And Reliable Technology internal managed network) and then moving toward the public cloud with third party providers and networks. Participated in STRIDE(Strategic Transformation & Resiliency Initiatives for DTCC Evolution) / Delivery Modernization efforts transition to Amazon-AWS & MicroSoft-Azure Cloud Infrastructures ..Researched client network connections with external customers through secure third party internet / network connections integrated into a “Spine & Leaf” architecture. SDWan Cloud aligned network services through software defined WAN. High-level infrastructure redesign/move to Leverage Alkira, Megaport, Zscaler & Equinix to connect with secure third-party public Cloud connections. Led data evaluation of Firewall, Loadbalancer, Proxy, VLan & VPC-Virtual Private Cloud in an effort to reduce “Wait Time” in the provisioning of these activities. Key contributor to the creation of a Products & Services Catalog by Business & Product Lines for Sales decision making options and analysis through the Global Address Book. Integrated with multiple Agile “DevSecOps” Teams/Squads driving process improvements. Continued the Vendor Evolution from: “Packaged Software”, to IaaS-Infrastructure as a Service, to PaaS-Platform as a Service (app. & data held), to SaaS-Software as a Service (all securely vendor managed) to CLOUD “so That” there is less Cost with greater speed of: provisioning, connection and delivery. SNow & JIRA tools used. Algosec Tool used for Firewall pathway Analysis moving toward further automation and quicker FW approvals.

ACS-American Cyber Systems at Verizon /REMOTE Oct 19 – Apr 22
Global Network & Technology - Network Systems (1Fiber) &
Verizon Business Group Enterprise Solutions - VZ Bus. Transformation (NearNet-1Fiber)
VTF-Agile Product Owner for Verizon Network Systems - Core Engineering and adjunct Product Manager & Agile Coach. SAFe Agile Story drafting and backlog refinement / prioritization with Business Users and Systems/Application teams. Velocity tracking, story grooming, etc “CA Agile Central” (which was Rally) & JIRA tools used. Verizon Access Unification Parents over 1-Fiber, Building Enablement and NearNet ART’s /projects. Acquired the SAFe 5 Certifications in LPM, APM, POPM, SA & SP in 2020 & 2021.
Activities: DSU support, Daily Story/BUG tracking updates per “issue" touch in JIRA & Rally, On Request DEMOs, support and confirmation of documentation in JIRA when Status was updated, Weekly Business Facing, BackLog Refinement Meetings for Stories & BUGs reviewing confirming the content is at the appropriate level and the Priority sequence is as the Business defined or updated, 2ceWkly Scrum Team Facing, BackLog Refinement Meetings to confirm Tech resources understand Story Description & Acceptance Criteria, Every 2 weeks support Retrospective Meeting, Every 2 weeks get PRODUCTION Dates documented in JIRA (for all Stories & BUGs where coding changes were made) when the Code was confirmed functional in the PRODUCTION Environment, 1ce a Quarter: PI Planning Document (based on our Velocity minus Holiday/Vacations planned) showing Features, Stories, Dependencies & Risks Planned for the upcoming Program Increment, 1ce a Quarter JIRA Board/dash board updating of Parameters to display both Scrum Boards & Kanban Boards per Sprint/Iteration, "Meet After" to explore Blocking issues, RTE initiated Release Train Meeting, Coach Team Members toward the use of the SAFe Framework effectively using the JIRA & RALLY Tools.

IBM, for US Department of Treasury at Fannie Mae /REMOTE May 19 – Sept 19
(fourth contract with IBM, through Collabera to IBM)
Unix Linux SuSE OS upgrade v11 to v12 - PM for migrating hundreds of SuSE/SLES upgrades in both lower environments and in the Production environment. PM leader for PreMigration Team, UNIX SME’s Team, Decommissions Team, Planning & Scheduling Team, and Ticketing.

BCBS-Blue Cross Blue Shield, Azure Cloud Infrastructure & Environments /REMOTE Jan 19 – Apr 19
(RDF Enterprise through Abel Infotek & Tech Mahindra to Advantasure)
(Other client organizations: BCBS of: Massachusetts, Michigan, Rode Island, Nebraska and Kansas )
BCBS-Kansas - Senior Infrastructure Program Manager, Moving toward the Agile Methodology using Jira. Implementation of BCBS Kansas Applications (Billing, Claims & Enrollment) into the Azure Cloud 7 environments. Dev, QA, Test(3-test environments), Stage & Prod Environments.
Supported Migration efforts of 22 clients into the Azure Cloud by leading meetings and coordinating status/issue reporting efforts.
CBC Capital Blue Cross Vibra Health Plan - Senior Infrastructure Program Manager, Moving toward the Agile Methodology using Jira. Implementation of Vibra Applications (Billing, Claims & Enrollment) into the Azure Cloud 4 environments. Dev, QA, Stage & Prod Environments.

IBM Global Technology Services - GTS, Infrastructure Services. /REMOTE March 18 – Sept 18
(third contract with IBM / second time through Artech)
Raytheon - Senior Project Manager, Raytheon’s Infrastructure Project Management Office - PMO Moving toward the Agile Methodology.
Largo & St. Pete - NetApp and Backup, SAN & Server installations with associated Application / Data Migrations.
3 Sites SUN SPARC Server Installations - 3 cities installation of the Servers.
HP Performance Centers – 4-Sites 7-G8 Server Installations and Network updates for Load Runner / Load Generation testing purposes.
SIP stabilization - Service Improvement Plan for IBM Internal. Action Tracking to complete “get to Green” activities for 12-subTeams.


Masergy Communications, Inc. Plano, Texas (third contract through Randstad) April 17 - Nov 17
Senior Program Manager
HUB Insurance - Telecom Transition, overseeing provisioners, turning up of circuits, etc…
Transitioning 475 HUB sites (including some 672 Circuits) Coordinating 65 Masergy Resources and many HUB resources. Representing and first line escalation point for all Masergy "Pillars" in the weekly Reporting and biweekly Action Item Reviews. Pillars included: Network Transition, Voice/SIP Transition, Network Architecture, Integration with Service Now, M&A, Steady State, Governance/Reporting and 3rd party Vendors. Installing: MIBs, Switches, Routers, Gateways, patch panels, cables, WAPs, UPSs, Phones, etc… all over the USA and Canada. Phone porting of over 30k DIDs. Tracking and reporting PgM Plan details to Management. Primary POC for 2 Vendors: Carousel & Vital. Worked with LedCor and Pivital for “hands and feet” local to each site. The Program also included working the Mergers & Acquisitions, Moves and Closings…of a rolling 70 projects / sites at any given point in time. Inventory and financial analysis were also my responsibilities.

National Cutting Horse Association, Fort Worth, Texas June 14 – Feb 17
(RDF Enterprise through Robert Half)
Scrum Master and adjunct Product Owner / Product Manager / Agile Coach:
Azure Cloud migration
Application Development using Agile’s Scrum methodology. Agile Certified Practitioner - ACP certification from PMI and Certified Scrum Master - CSM from the Scrum Alliance. Managed the Development of an Agile (SDLC) Application (ultimately to serve Members in 42 International Countries), Primary user of Microsofts Visual Studio’s TFS – Team Foundation Server - Tool for Story organization and reporting, Application architecture Hosted by Azure, offsite, User behavior and customer experience analytics, Cloud enablement and deployment (App. and DB), Mobile product extension, DevOps refactoring for Azure and Azure DB as a service, Leveraged cutting edge technologies: Azure Cloud implementation, Reporting tools, Database-MS SQL Server 2012, Extensive work on executing Product development initiatives using, Scrum, Experience with hosted & on premise applications, real time requirements capture and rapid development via agile, Product Development scrums: Setup scrum teams for implementation of the scalable agile model, Managed DTO – Data Transfer Objects, Schema changes to DataBase, Data Conversion ETL – from old Data to New Data Format, Velocity tracking / estimating, SQL Refactoring Data Base, .NET (dot net), MVC, Ajax, bootstrap, Kendo, Teleric, Angular, Single Sign-on, Credit Card processing. Coordinated the Planning Meeting per Sprint / Iteration to set out assigned Stories and subsequent Tasks per Story, Lead the RetroSpective Meeting at the end each Sprint/Iteration. Other Activities included Grooming Stories, participating in the Story Pointing, and Grouping / subDividing Stories into Epic / Feature / Story categories. The application dealt with Horse Ownership, Membership, Affiliates, GrassRoots, NCHA PRODUCED Events/Shows/Classes, Secretaries, Judges, Monitors, Trainers, and Riders.
Managed all AgileTeam Resource interviewing and hiring.

Fujitsu, USA (RDF Enterprise through Highland Partners) /REMOTE June 13 – June 14
Senior Transition Program Manager
Blue Cross Blue Shield North Carolina – Contact Center Transition. Transition of: Staff/HR, third party contracts, Contact Center operations, Service operations (KT-knowledge transfer of RunBooks and SOP-Standard operating procedures) and Production Support.
Blue Cross Blue Shield North Carolina - Coordinated DBA Lead’s in installation and upgrading 139-DB2, 188-Oracle, and 112-SQL databases.
Royal Bank of Scotland Citizens - Transformation Program Manager. Coordinated PM’s in their functional roles on the Transition/Transformation team.

IBM, Global (4 separate Contracts) /REMOTE
Transition & Transformation Program Manager (through Artech) July 11 – May 13
CEMEX XM for USA focus with Global responsibilities. Coordinated 8 PM’s in their functional roles on the Transition/Transformation.
VF Corp XM coordinating 6 PM’s in their functional roles on the Transition/Transformation.
Coordinated a Financial assessment of 12 Transformation Projects with consolidated results reported back to the IBM managers of the “Distribution / Communications Transition and Transformation group”.

IBM’s Common Price Data Base (through GE Consulting) IBM Royal Tech Irving, Texas
Project Manager and coder in Rexx and PL1.

Sirius Computer Solutions, San Antonio, Texas /REMOTE July 08 - April 11
Senior Project Manager
IBM WebSphere Commerce v6x Engagements, managing an experienced team of consultants that include: Architects, Business Analysts, Technical Developers and 3rd Party resources. Project Planning, Project Finance, Change Processing, 3rd Party management, and Bug Tracking. All project activities from Requirements gathering through site Launch.
Academy Sports Retailer: B2C Large IBM WebSphere Commerce engagement.
Hayward Pool Supply Wholesaler: B2B Large IBM WebSphere Commerce engagement.
Other Companies: BE Aerospace, Pitney Bowes, Colibri, Smith & Wesson, and Corcraft Products.
Environment: As/400, IBM MAINFRAME, IBM Websphere Commerce v6x Engagements

Kaiser Permanente, Fort Worth, Texas (through IT Ascent Inc.) April 08 - July 08
Project Manager-Business Consultant
IS Solution Design & Consulting group’s in the Consolidated Service Center Fort Worth, TX
Relocation planning from Fort Worth CSC to San Diego and Colorado CSC’s. Diagramed the 56 - “AsIs” Fort Worth Distributed Business and Operations Applications, Server Architectures in preparation for the relocation. Documentation was created for all paper, electronic and check processing input processes. Many interviews were held to gain an understanding of how Medicare, eligibility and premium files were being processed. Diagrams were also generated for the on-site and Iron Mountain storage processes. Made “ToBe” recommendations for the receiving sites Architecture. Completed the Network Analysis documentation for the migration. Managed the Server and Application inventory documents. Produced a Process and Application flow diagram for the entire facility. Captured 12 SBAR’s (summary, background, assessment, recommendation) process improvement recommendations and delivered them to the business.
Analyst for the Sungard MACESS EXP to v2 Report comparison.
Environment: IBM Mainframes

Perot Systems, Plano, Texas Nov 05 - April 08
Transition Leader - Program/Project Manager Senior Specialist
IS Transition Programs delivering hosted Infrastructure solutions for Health Care, Commercial, Industrial / Consumer Services, and Government clients. Management responsibilities include: Architecture design, Scope, Budget / Cost / Contingency, Schedule / Time / Contingency, quality, training, issue communication, risk tracking, outlining mitigation strategies, requirements, analysis, design, and infrastructure (Hardware / Software / Network) design & migration.
Completed Perot PMI-REP-certified 3-day training courses in: Project Management, Project Estimating, Project Execution, Project Facilitation, Organizational Change Management and 3 additional Leadership/Management classes.
Force Protection Inc., Managed the transition for Service/Help Desk, Service Management, Desk Side support, and Data Center Migration-DCM. Level 4 project: Migrating all applications, data and interfaces from the existing 77 INTEL platform servers in South Carolina to system located in Plano, TX. Seeded Hardware for a Data Center Migration-DCM to Plano Technical Center-PTC. Perot, with this government supplier, was ITAR (International Transport in Arms Regulations) compliant with sensitive client data. $888,000 Transition resource budget.
Stanford Hospital & Clinics, Stanford University Medical Center. Mainframe Data Center Migration-DCM. Level 3 project: Migrate all applications, data and interfaces from the IBM 9672-RB6 Stanford Healthcare System in Palo Alto, CA to an IBM 2096-S07 System located in Plano, TX. Seeded Mainframe Hardware for a Data Center Migration-DCM to Plano Technical Center-PTC. IBM, a third party Vendor is doing an EMC to IBM-Shark data copy in California before PPRC transmission to Texas. There are 4 SUN Servers Clustered for a SNA Gateway conversion. Install a Supervision Server providing LPAR Console monitoring. Installation of a DEC channel server for data conversion. Z/OS upgrade on new Mainframe. $1.9M budget.
Ochsner Health System. Migration of the McKesson Horizon Patient Folder-HPF Application. Level 3 project: Seeded Hardware Data Center Migration-DCM to Plano Technical Center-PTC. Ochsner Health System purchased three Tenet hospitals in New Orleans: 1) Memorial Medical Center, 2) Kenner Regional Medical Center, 3) Meadow Crest Hospital. The overall scope of this initiative is the migration off of Tenet equipment onto newly purchased equipment to be hosted at the Perot PTC. There are 29 servers associated with this project, 22 of which are IBM blades to host the application three of which will provide user interface (Citrix) to the HPF application. The remaining seven servers provide various services to include imaging, fax, and printing. $264,000 budget
US Government Department of Veterans Affairs Engagement. Level 3 Engagement incorporating 2 projects: First a Facilities Assessment “Gap” to Tier-2 / Tier-3 capability as outlined by the Uptime Institute, and second a Data Center Migration Project Plan for co-locating 3 VA Hospital sites. Veterans Health Administration-VHA involved planning the move of approximately 300 servers with corresponding Applications, both “seeded” and Forklift. Scope involves the coordination of 104 resources from 3 Texas Network 17 - VA Hospitals and Perot Systems to plan the move of 4 sites of (VMS clusters, and Windows) necessary to support critical patient care and business applications. Functional groups involved: VMS open Systems, Imaging, WAN Analysis, Systems, VA Applications, Network, Data Compliance, Intel, Application Architects, Storage, Logistics, Sending Site, Receiving Site, and Account Management. $130,000
Wolters Kluwer Data Center Migration Projects. Level 5 project. >$5M labor budget managing IT resources. Managing 14 overlapping Data Center Migration (DCM) projects for 4 Wolters Kluwer Business Units with Executive Sponsor from the ITO out of North America. Involved moving 345 servers with corresponding Applications, both “seeded” and Forklift. Scope involves the coordination of 180 resources from Wolters Kluwer and Perot Systems to move 5 sites of distributed environments (SUN, Windows, and AIX) necessary to support critical business function moving from 3 different states. Each DCM move package is separated into 2 major projects - the ReIP project and the physical move of all the servers’ project. Each of the 28 ReIP and DCM events are managed through an “hour by hour” plan outlining the specific actions owned by each resource for both client and Perot Systems. Functional groups involved: WAN Analysis, Systems and Applications Testing, Network, TSM, UNIX, Intel, Firewall, Application Architects, Storage, Logistics, Sending Site, Receiving Site, and Account Management. New network “Landing Zones” architecture requiring detailed changes to Firewalls and VIPs for load balancing. $10,500,000
Environment: Mainframes, TSM, UNIX, Intel, Firewall

USAA – United Services Automobile Association, San Antonio, Texas Nov 04 - Nov 05
(second contract through Spherion / now Randstad)
Project Manager
Consistently managing 4 concurrent projects for Executive level Sponsors with a combined Business & IT Resources labor budget of $1.5M. Management responsibilities include: Procurement process - Non-Disclosure Agreements (NDA’s) through Contracting, Architecture Design, Scope, Budget/Cost/Contingency, Schedule/Time/Contingency, Quality, Training, Issue communication, Risk tracking, outlining Mitigation strategies, Requirements, Analysis, Design, Development/Customization, and Infrastructure (Hardware/Software/Network) Design & Implementation. Managed testing of: Configuration, Component Integration, System, Performance, Release, Scalability and Fail-over. Project Performance metrics tracked weekly to CPI & SPI.
High Availability Server Infrastructure Project. $750K labor budget managing Business & IT resources. 2005 Corporate Strategic Objective BOD project. Executive VP Sponsor. Scope to: 1) Implement the distributed environments (SUN, Linux, Windows, and AIX) and SAN storage (SAN Fabric & Frames using SRDF replication and some streaming) necessary to support critical business function that will be in the new High Availability (HA) Data Center. 2) Design and implement the capability to execute any Business Critical Production distributed application in the second production data center with sufficient reserve capacity to process all Business Critical applications in either Home Office data center. 3) Design, develop and validate the fail-over processes for the distributed processing and storage environment that will be utilized between the two production data centers. 4) Confirm Disaster Recovery (DR) and Rapid Recovery (RR) storage implications were managed. Managed the Procurement RFP Vendor evaluation of Vertical Server Clustering with SRDF replication. Project interdependencies included building “clean” Power, HA LAB delivery, a Network design using Level 2 & 3 redundancy, multiple content switches, and VIP routing. Mirrored all necessary Systems Management Software capability needed in the second Data site. Managed the testing of Vertical Cluster Software and Horizontal/Load Balanced Servers behind new content switch architecture. Unique HA procedures were added to the current operating procedures. Installed Production Hardware and Software through existing Change Management and service request processes targeting capacity and SLA’s at or better than current production. Non-Labor costs: Hardware $15M, Software $1.2M, Concurrent License delta $700K, and SAN DMX Frames $2M each. $21,500,000
DB2 v8.1 Compatibility Mode Upgrade. $650K labor budget BOD project to upgrade the system critical DB2 Mainframe subsystems in Test and Production with corresponding Catalog upgrades. Executive VP Sponsor. Managed a Link List process change toward the use of standardized Procedures. Developed a ReBind strategy behind an RR exercise to limit production impact to reserve word changes in the last DB2 versions. Led Issue tracking with IBM for DB2 coding problems and BMC for utilities upgrade compatibility problems. Enhancements include 64-bit architecture, redesigned virtual storage and thread expansion. The project prepared the DB2 environment for the 1 way migration to New Function Mode. $2,500,000
Collaborative WEB Browsing “CoBrowse” Research Project. Project to research the marketplace for current capabilities of Collaborative WEB Browsing. RFI’s sent to vendors PageShare, Proficient, Live Person, and Kana. Multiple on-site web-cast demonstrations. Multiple Vendors on-site for product demonstrations and SW loading and configuring. Evaluated multiple architectural designs with performance, security and usability implications.
High Availability Strategy Project. Business Drivers: 1) Reduce the likelihood that the business will declare a disaster due to the loss of a data center. 2) Protect “the brand” against significant damage to reputation that could occur from the inability to perform computer processing in such an event. 3) Maintain critical business functionality to members and member service representatives to mitigate the risk of catastrophic data center loss. Strategy Objectives: 1) Validate and enhance the High Availability leading edge conceptual architectural design while moving toward the logical design. 2) Define the high level design/topology of a sustainable fail-over infrastructure.
Vendors included in the evaluation - Perot, CSC, Cap Gemini Ernst & Young, and CompuWare. Team consisted of Tech Fellows and Executive VP’s. $210,000
High Speed DataBase Replication & Q-Replication Research Project. Project to evaluate the performance of IBM’s High speed DB replication and Q-replication products with distance and capacity considerations. Same-Site and Remote-Site Software latency performance evaluations.
Auto Research for Members Research Project. $100K labor budget project to create an Auto Web presence that would enable members to have an End-to-End Auto Research to Purchase experience. Improving the ratio of members that originate auto loans and auto insurance policies. $200,000
Blade PC Research Project. $300K labor budget project to evaluate the use of Blade PC technology as it relates to: performance, architecture, application feasibility, physical constraints, break/fix scenarios, remote access implications, and maintenance uniqueness. Final deliverable draft recommendation for usage implications in the current environment. Coordinated Vendor site visits to CCI (Consolidated Client Infrastructure) and HP Clearcube for the Executive Sponsor and Desktop support Technicians. $300,000
Environment: Db2, IBM mainframe, UNIX, Linux, sun, Intel, EMC storage

Neiman Marcus, Irving, Texas (1st contract through Resulte / Now Randstad) May 04 - Oct 04
Project Manager
Wintel Management Strategy Phase 2 Projects. $1M Marimba remote administration software implementation for UNIX and Wintel platforms. Used PMI and Neiman Marcus SDM Project Management methodologies to direct the project. Managed 3rd party professional consulting services (on-site scheduling and activities), F-5 Load Balancing architecture, Ghost Imaging strategy, software deployment process development, test lab design and coordination, Patch Management strategy, managing Active Directory and Marimba education classes for the team, and the purchase of 40 Hardware Servers to meet the architecture design requirements for tuners and repeaters. Managed the creation of the Charter, Scope statement, Assumptions, Constraints, Risks, Requirements document, Project Plan, WBS, process exception documents, Responsibility Matrix and Communication Plan. Communicated bi-weekly status to Directors and Vice President. Chaired weekly Vendor Enterprise Account Manager ticket tracking meetings. Led design decisions for WMI, Wake-on-LAN, and bandwidth. Coordinated configuration management versioning decisions for routers, switches, UNIX AIX v5.3, Oracle DB v9.1, patches, and software distribution packets. Custom designed the plan around POS (Point of Sale) endpoint critical high volume dates. $991,617
Sarbanes Oxley (SOX) activities within the Cobit (Control Objectives for Information and related Technology) process framework as outlined by the IT Governance Institute. Confirmed first year SOX 404 Financial Applications list in preparation for the current years 302 quarterly and annual 404 assertions. Outlined the current year plan for internal audit, remediation process, and external audit attestation of management’s assertions. Specific focus on previous years low priority remediation list of non RACF security concerns in the UNIX & Windows distributed environments.
Environment: Wintel platforms, UNIX

MBNA, Addison, Texas (second contract through Howard Systems International) Feb 02 - May 04
Project & Release Manager
Card Production Application Area. Managed up to 7 concurrent Projects for the Card Production System (CPS) Area. Managed the CPS resources and finances for each project. Complete SDLC activity in a COBOL, JCL, and DB2 environment with occasional overlap coordination with the On-Line and Distributed application areas. Participated in the development of Business Requirements. Estimated Requirements impact and cost for CPS budgeting. Coordinated Unit Testing, Systems Integration Testing and User Acceptance Testing. Delivered CPS parameters to build the appropriate combined project Release environment. Planned the milestone dates for each project. Led compliance to PMO (Program Management Office) process and governance standards as a participant in the releases.
Release Planning and Coordination Manager $16M software release. Planned and coordinated Unit Testing, Systems Integration Testing and User Acceptance Testing for 7 projects on 2 continents. Coordinated the parameters to build the appropriate combined environment. Planned the milestone dates for each project to be included in the release. Led project managers in compliance to PMO process and governance standards as part of the release.
DAWN (Disclosure and Welcome Notification) Phase 2 Projects. Managed a team of 7 technical Project Managers and their teams in the Analysis phase. The sub-teams included Distributed Systems, Mainframe, On-Line and Warehouse environments. Developed the dynamic allocation of marketing messages on Card Carrier documentation. Outlined and led the Architect and DBA virtual resources through the Conceptual, Logical, and Physical design of the system. Lead in the 3rd party purchase of HNC’s Blaze Rules engine ($750k) as part of a Web based front-end. Developed rules for use in the Blaze software and existing DLS/CompuSet software from Document Science Corp. Legal Archival requirements for exact replication of collateral, including Fonts and Logo’s, were met using IBM’s OnDemand software. Primary customer interface and designer of the Knowledge Management Intranet site and supporting repository. $6,769,236
Environment: IBM Mainframe, db2, Intel

Cap Gemini Ernst & Young, Dallas, Texas, New York, New York, & Paris, France Oct 96 – Oct 00
Two-year expatriate assignment with Cap Gemini Ernst & Young at the corporate headquarters in Paris, France as Principal Consultant for the Transnational Sales & Delivery team.
Project Manager and Sales
Contact this candidate