Temi Ayedun
North Carolina -Available for remote roles

(919) -223-9278 ad2mzj@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Profile

I am a certified professional with varying roles such as Business Analyst, Product Manager and Product Owner within Business Change, Product Development and Digital Transformation programmes. I have excellent stakeholder management skills and proven experience working on successful software development and change projects in Digital Banking, Financial Service, Insurance, E-Commerce,
and Utility domain.
I also have good technical understanding of software delivery lifecycle and technology stacks that help organisations deliver solutions that are fit for purpose.

Professional Competencies

SDLC Methodologies-Waterfall, Agile, Lean.
Agile Frameworks- Scrum, Kanban, SAFe
Knowledge of modelling tools and standard such as BPMN and creating user stories to BDD standards
Versed with using collaborative tools such as JIRA, Rally, Confluence, Trello
Knowledge of working with UI/UX teams to translate user need to wireframes and mock ups.
Knowledge of Rest API development and management using frameworks such as Express, Node.js Spring Boot.
Knowledge of ISO 8583 and ISO20022 standards, message types and implementation of payment systems
Knowledge of ISO20022 Migration

Knowledge of E Commerce Solution and CRM to enhance business position in market.
Digital Channel and Ecommerce Solutions
Good Knowledge of Digital banking- Open banking, PSD2 and GDPR.
Good knowledge of Digital Banking and Payments and Technologies.
Knowledge of creating user journeys in Figma and other tools to bring concept to lie and aid development activities
Exposure to API development platforms such as Truelayer, Anypoint, AWS, Apigee, MuleSoft.
Knowledge of Payment domains such as Card Payment, Digital Wallets, Cross Border Payments such as SWIFT and SCT and ability to analyse existing integrated application and processes

Employment History

HSBC Product Manager/Senior Business Analyst Apr 2022 – Present

I am responsible for delivering enterprise solution for banking, card payments and open banking solutions to meet market demand and regulatory requirements.
I facilitated seamless integration between internal stakeholders and third-party solution provider such as API platform owners, Cloud providers, delivery teams and business units to optimise approval processes and meet delivery timelines for several initiatives.
I was responsible for business analysis and product manager deliverables on projects below:

Digital transformation open banking, digital wallet and international payment customer journeys to meet Banking and Payment Service Regulations and PCI compliance.
Enhancement of user journey and integration with third party providers for Payment processing and Account Information Sharing open banking solution
Implementation of VISA 3DS Authentication solution to enhance digital payment security and reduce fraud.

Responsibilities
Engaged with business stakeholders such as product owners and product managers to gather business requirements from them.
Attended workshops to capture and define the background business context, use cases and high-level business requirements for proposed solutions.
Worked extensively with the UI/UX designers with documented business requirements to create user journeys
Validated the user journeys with business stakeholder to ensure the prototype/mock ups align with business requirements and get sign off.
Documented business requirement in the form of user stories/features/ epics with acceptance criteria on Jira.
Work with delivery teams to ensure that the business requirements are delivered for optimal end customer experience.
Managed workloads with product owner to ensure sprints objectives are delivered in line with planned timescale and milestones.

Discover Financial Services Business Analyst/Product Owner Dec 2019 – Mar 2022

I am responsible for delivering enterprise solution and managing several products and microservices within the organisation Digital Payment Domain that include:

Device Intelligence Service for Secure Digital Checkout and Strong Customer Authentication for Ecommerce partners
Onboarding and Integration of Digital wallets such as Apple, Samsung, Click to Pay and Amazon wallets for new payment experience.
Network Vulnerability Scanning for PCI Data Security Standard Compliance
API development with partners to facilitate and enhance Open Banking and Digital Banking

Responsibilities
Engaged busines stakeholders and led workshops to gather business requirements from them.
Documented business requirement in the form of user stories/features/ epics with acceptance criteria for development on multiple projects.
Work with delivery teams to ensure that the business data in the APIs are used to deliver optimal end customer experience
Conducted workshops to draw on technical and business representatives, and industry research, to capture and define the background business context, use cases and requirements for the API and other proposed solutions
Elaborate the needs of API consumers that the API products serve to create solutions that serve the need of the API consumers and help to maximise strategic business opportunities.
Obtained signed off business requirement and broke these down into minimum viable product for planned releases.
Created a fast feedback loop to enhance service delivery and service continuity among internal and external stakeholders.

Southern Water Services Business Analyst Oct 2018 – Nov 2019
I worked with teams responsible for delivering several programmes within a large Digital transformation projects that include:

Working closely with business and dev team to build a secure SaaS E commerce application integrated with Online payment gateway for commercial service section of the company
Implementation of new dunning functionality on billing system for Non-Household customers to resolve failed payments and for integration of payment reports for compliance monitoring.
Implementation of Corporate Cybersecurity Risk Frameworks as Part of Compliance to Government Regulations

Responsibilities
Collated business needs and recognised opportunities for market domination and increased revenue
Documented business requirements, user stories and acceptance criteria to create solution for digital transformation
Facilitating meetings and workshops with business stakeholders to review business requirements
Acted as a conduit between the business and technical teams throughout the project lifecycle to articulate business value to the delivery team.
Production of Test Plans, Documentation and Reports

Clydesdale Bank Digital Business Analyst June 2015 – Sept 2018
I worked with cross functional teams responsible for delivering several programmes within a large IT transformation that included:

Enhancement of customer online banking platform for strong customer authentication and improved user experience.
Implementation new functionalities on payment processing platform to address industry changes for acquiring banks aimed at increased compliance with different card schemes (Visa, Mastercard, Amex, etc).
Two factor authentications to addresses regulatory and industry changes such as GDPR.

Responsibilities
Collaborated with business stakeholders to gather and document business requirements, capture business issues and opportunities using various techniques and ensure requirements are prioritised
Facilitated meetings and workshops with business stakeholders to review requirements and explain complex business problems in simple terms to senior management
Acted as link between the business and technical team throughout project lifecycle
Facilitated workshops/interviews with business SME’s, architects, developers, and testers to gather, documents, review and obtain signed off business requirements
Documents As-Is & To-Be processes, business rules, logic and produced functional specification documents on multiple projects.

Direct Line Insurance Business Analyst Sept 2014 – May 2015

I was responsible for all BA deliverables on business programmes such as:

Migration of Direct Line Group’s sales and business applications to Salesforce cloud platform.
Development of APIs to enable aggregation of insurance customer journey from application stage up to claims on a single customer facing platform
Automation of Claim Processing

Responsibilities
Identified and managed stakeholders at various levels within the organisation.
Worked with stakeholders/change teams to define and document high level business requirements.
Collaborated with other analysts in solution validation, workshops facilitation to capture detailed requirements and map business process.
Participated in UAT working with developers and testing teams to manage defects

KPMG Business Analyst Jan 2011 – Aug 2014

I worked with service provider (KPMG) to deliver changes on transformation projects and supporting Digital transformation of different services within Central Government, HMRC, Home Office, E-commerce platform and the NHS:

Cyber Risk Management Framework Implementation for the Home Office
Digitalisation of Hospital Appointment Managements for the NHS
Enhancement of user journeys for NI and Tax payments on GDS platform
Centralisation of Procurement Management Process for Cabinet Office
Improvement to Tax Filling user journey on Gov.uk for HMRC as part of Government Digital Service

Responsibilities
Managed project tasks daily, reviewing progress and proactively resolving outstanding issues
Setting meeting agendas and conducted project reviews with the stakeholders
Created project performance reports, financial metrics and maintaining project risk logs
Developed and maintained project deliverables under the direction of the Head of Programme

Intelligent Finance Project Analyst Sept 2007 – Dec 2010
I was responsible for developing and testing business models, extrapolating insights from the data, and making recommendations on operational improvements projects such as:

SAAS Solution Adoption for Customer Onboarding
Data Warehousing for Regulatory Reporting Solution.
Customer e-Banking Experience Improvement for loan application.

Responsibilities
Helped with general project planning activities
Supported the Project Team to track and evaluate progress of project plans
Undertook administrative tasks as specified by the Project Manager

Continuous Professional Development

Post Graduate Diploma University of Greenwich
Certificate in Process Analysis/Improvement Cranfield University
BCS Certificate in Business Analysis (Foundation)
Certificate in KYC and CDD
SAFe 4.6 Certified
CompTIA Security+, CompTIA Project

Excellent written and verbal references available on request
Contact this candidate