*
Gayatri Puwar-Mahendroo https://www.linkedin.com/in/gpuwar
ad2mhs@r.postjobfree.com 510-***-**** https://www.medium.com/@gpuwar1 Innovative product manager with over 15 years of global experience, adept at leading cross-functional teams to deliver customer-centric solutions. Proven expertise spans mobile apps, cloud collaboration, unified communication, and applied AI/ML for consumer and enterprise markets. Proficient in product strategy, platform development, APIs, and roadmap execution, including program management. Skilled in driving product-led growth, cultivating developer programs, and partnerships to co-innovate, using analytics, and successfully launching dual-ended marketplaces Professional Experience
Director, Data & Payment Platform Ecosystem Jan 23 – Aug 23 Passport Labs, Inc. (One Platform for Smart Parking and Mobility)
• Created a 3-year plan for launching a new data and payments platform ecosystem and in-app marketplace offering that would enable seamless transactions and analytics across various app services and use cases.
• Formed and led a team of two Product Managers, driving integration onboarding and API developer program to meet ecosystem goals. Integrated Passport parking inventory in partner mobile apps in adjacent spaces, and scaled to 50% of the customers including working on new “Text 2 Park” SMS channels and APIs. Boosted transaction revenue by 25% with a user-centric "multi-app" strategy with B2G platform customers.
● Pioneered a platform and data strategic partnerships domain. Recruited, and defined platform scope and working models with partners like Clever Citi, Turnstone, Automotive, and Esri to deliver sensor or machine- learning-based solutions for key transportation use cases, executing roadmaps from inception to scale.
● Analyzed data gaps and executed 10+ POS and OEM integrations, incorporating third-party data sources into the platform. Achieved a 360% improvement in dashboards for informed decision-making for customers. Head/Principal Product Manager, Growth & Cloud Collaboration Marketplace Feb 20 – Dec 22 Egnyte (B2B SaaS, Cloud Content Collaboration & Governance Platform)
● Directed product, partnerships, developer relations, and analytics for a collaboration platform and marketplace with 165+ native and 3P apps. Achieved a remarkable 15% YoY customer growth and 30% YoY user growth, managing a $380M ARR portfolio, catering to both Admin (IT) and End-users leading a team of 15+ engineers.
● Defined roadmaps for native strategic application integrations and iterated key UI widgets, SDKs, and public APIs, enhancing integrations for critical platform use cases within collaboration and governance suites.
● Defined ecosystem growth levers for retention and executed tactics leveraging product-led growth (PLG) strategies including piloting the pendo.io tool and use-case across Egnyte. Improved overall marketplace integration adoption, establishing effective interlocks with GTM teams, Sales, and Customer Success.
● Defined and executed end-to-end strategic platform integration with Microsoft Office 365, on Desktop co- authoring suite, a first in the industry collaborating and executing on two major iterations and roadmaps with the M365 team and Egnyte’s Storage, Web, Desktop, and Mobile teams and launched in phase plan along with UX improvements. Ramped from ~3000 daily co-auth sessions to over ~50K, to 50% paid customers and 50K+ end users, with 44% monthly retention, making it a widely anticipated and successful launch.
● Scoped, defined, and developed natively integrated solutions for Microsoft, Salesforce, Google, Adobe, and DocuSign to name a few extending content and governance capabilities for admins and IT users. Launched these solutions on the Egnyte marketplace as well as on the external 3P marketplaces. Head of Platform, Product & Program Management Apr 19 – Aug 19 ApexChat (B2B2C Lead-gen Messaging & Contact-Center Platform)
● Developed a comprehensive customer voice program and beta groups, collaborating closely with marketing counterparts. Drove survey practices to extract valuable insights and defined product strategy 12-18 months of plans and roadmap for the messaging platform, portal, analytics, and customer-facing lead-gen widgets.
● Conceptualized, defined, and built a lean team, researched, and executed beta Android App and iOS App, introducing advanced chat room functionality and a unified inbox to reach for initial cohort of ~200 SMB customers with agent-takeover. Provided options to co-founders to help transition to a recurring revenue model.
● Explored AI (NLP) capabilities and prototyped the Agent Assist feature. Collaborated with an AI tech development partner to pilot NLP-based SMS schedule assistance, along with SMS-based scheduling using Twilio. 2
Sr. Technical Program Manager, AI /ML Open Data Platform Nov 17 – Aug 18 Wells Fargo Innovation Lab (Consultant via Apex systems)
● Spearheaded the development of an early NLP hybrid platform in collaboration with IBM Watson Studio, focused on building a robust banking knowledge base. Drove the execution of an NLP virtual agent pilot for the HR team, enhancing agent experiences on the web by leveraging NLP technology to improve agent support.
● Managed Wells Fargo's enterprise AI innovation platform and pilots, providing comprehensive oversight of scope, data, models, and integrations utilizing micro-services architecture including defining model monitoring component. Collaborated closely with business teams within the bank to drive successful implementations.
● Led a high-impact $10M program with a cross-functional team of 40+ professionals, including LOB (line of business) teams, BI, data scientists, data engineers, and platform engineering. Developed an ML-based near- real-time batch and streaming fraud detection solution, yielding $2-4M in annual ROI. Managed the risk and governance portfolio effectively from the PMO office. Product /Program Manager (acting lead), Microsoft, Inc. Sept 13 – Sept 16 Skype AI Chat Bots & Conversations as a UX Platform (CaaP) 2015 - 2016
● Orchestrated the definition and execution of cross-platform intelligent chatbot experiences for Skype's Bot Platform across desktop, web, and mobile. Managed platform development, and UX, with a diverse team of 50+ team to lead ship-room and scrum of scrum processes, also orchestrating developer and consumer launches.
● Created bot-to-user messaging APIs for developers, named an "adaptive card framework." Collaborated with early marquee partners on web, desktop, and mobile clients, also developed chatbots with own studio team. Contributed to platform documentation, 1:1, and group chat experiences, and profile and discovery within clients.
● Led charter for bot certification and reviews, dashboards/analytics, and newsletters within Skype and Bing organizations including working on a hackathon on advocating and evangelizing developers to boost supply. Product Manager, Skype Mobile, and Android Ecosystem 2013 - 2015
● Created partner strategy and product prioritization framework, to build integrated and differentiated experiences on top of the devices and AOSP OS (Android Open Source) with device OEMs and app stores. Managed 2 scrum teams. Overall, managed a portfolio of 20+ partners, and contributed to a +20% increase in active users.
● Launched Skype Integrated Dialer on Android with Facetime video calls, Skype Payments, and a new SDK for preloading at the OS level. Developed consumer A/B experimentation module for contextual nudges to drive adoption and usage of Skype application on the devices based on OS /Platform and user activity signals.
● Boosted distribution through Samsung and Amazon Tech Partnerships by leveraging unique features such as
"Picture in Picture" video and HD video calling with codec optimizations to boost audio/video calling metrics. Sr. Product Planning Manager, Motorola Mobility (a Google company) Mar 01 – Oct 12 Mobile Devices Core OS, Application & Services (multiple roles) 2001 – 2012
● Managed user experience and software applications for Motorola Feature Phones and Android Platform. Developed integrated apps and services layers with best-of-breed applications, including core browsers, NFC
(near-field communication) stack, DRM (digital rights management), and MDM (mobile device management).
● Owned P&L, balanced scorecard metrics, App selection, and development across portfolio and execution of same, resulting in $10M software cost savings (SW BOM and IP) across 10 unique mass-market devices.
● Built product partnerships with Facebook, and with Google GMS (Google app and services) to enter into the social space on low-end devices in mass-markets. Launched ‘Moto Droid” branded devices with integrated social software and service offerings, resulting in additional service revenue uptake of devices, and innovation. Education
● Reforge Product Growth Program (Retention + Engagement Tracks), 2021
● AI Everywhere Certification from Coursera, ML data workshop at Tech University, 2018
● Master in Project /Program Management, George Washington University, 2008
● M.B.A in International Management, Lake Forest Graduate School of Mgmt. IL, 2007
● M.S in Computer Information Technology, Florida Institute of Technology, FL, 2000
● Certifications: Product Owner – Scrum, Dale Carnegie, and Six Sigma in Process development
Contact this candidate