E. FRANK LAYNE, JR
**** **** ****** ***** · Marietta, Georgia 30066
678-***-****
ad2okg@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY
Proven Product Owner/Manager with extensive experience in project, process and product management. Demonstrates success in achieving key business results through strong reporting, analytical aptitude, teamwork, leadership, communication, and relationship-building skills.

EXPERIENCE

Recruitics 2022-2023

Product Manager (2022-2023)
Participated as part of a cross-functional team that included QA, Engineering, and Account Managers to deliver product updates based on prioritized stories/epics in JIRA.
Delivered product driven initiatives allowing users/clients to utilize tools that impacted Cost per Click and Cost per Acquisition in making day to day budget decisions.
Led initiative to update SOC 2 requirements to comply with protecting customer information (PII).
Participated in daily Scrums and managed the backlog in JIRA for upcoming Sprints and Releases.

Updater 2008-2022

Product Owner (2018-2022)
Research, prioritize and document market requirements and feature specifications for the suite of Updater APIs related to our supplier operations (Telco, Cable, Satellite).
Managed the development product lifecycle process for API product roadmaps for multiple clients.
Lead analyst for API integration as primary supplier of AT&T/DTV orders through use of proprietary software.
Worked closely with Developers, QA, and Business Ops to deliver the necessary updates or integrations successfully.

Project Manager (2010-2018)
Led the integration of application programming interfaces (API) for AT&T, Verizon, Frontier, Windstream and CenturyLink that resulted in enhanced serviceability, higher order conversion, and a decrease in churn of placed orders.
Reduced cancellation of orders utilizing portal reporting, increasing the success rates of confirmed orders by 20%.
Primary liaison between Business Development and Engineering to prioritize items with a higher business impact, which included API development, product enhancements, and addressing provider and/or system defects.
Led or assisted in Quality Assurance testing prior to production releases and hot fixes.

Product Manager (2008-2010)
Created an online presence for telecom providers, i.e. AT&T, Verizon, Windstream and CenturyLink working closely with Marketing and Engineering.
Analyzed performance of product sales to determine improvements and/or product placement.
Created reporting to determine best in class product sales and maneuvered products accordingly.
Worked closely with development teams to enhance the sales agent tool to deliver an optimal sales experience.
Maintained client product catalogs to deliver the most up to date information visible to an online customer and/or sales agent.
Modified buy flow content resulting in a better online and sales experience increasing order conversion by more than 20%.

Allconnect 2001-2008

Manager, Plan Administration (2005-2008)
Led multiple product launches and territory expansion for Comcast, CenturyLink, Verizon, AT&T, and Time Warner.
Managed offshore Development Team responsible for creating local, regional, and national footprints to ensure accurate product offering based on a provider service area.
Reduced overall talk time for Verizon, AT&T, and CenturyLink Local phone plans by implementing script changes resulting in a $265K cost savings.
Created more than 500 product plans for a website launch that supported multiple providers.

Business Analyst (2003-2005)
Created and analyzed reports related to standardizing internal system codes.
Responsible for reporting daily sales numbers that were utilized by the Call Center Management team.

Order Processing Supervisor (2001-2003)
Managed 5 major accounts, including AT&T, Comcast, and CenturyLink.
Resolved customer order issues and rejections by working with providers to ensure customer satisfaction. Recognized by CenturyLink Alternate Channels group for customer service and resolutions.

EDUCATION

American Intercontinental University Dunwoody, GA August 2002
Masters of Information Technology
Georgia State University Atlanta, GA June 1996
Bachelor of Arts – Communications, Minor – Marketing
Contact this candidate