ALISA GLEMBOTSKI
646-***-**** • ad2ppo@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Summary:
Results-oriented Project and Product Manager with 16+ years of leadership experience, excelling in guiding cross-functional teams, optimizing product backlogs, and driving innovative solutions. Proficient in Agile methodologies and an array of project management tools.

Skills:

●Project Management: Agile, Scrum, Kanban, Hybrid
●Tools: JIRA, Confluence, Asana, Miro Trello, MS Office 365, Project, Visio, SharePoint, Figma
●Leadership: Team Building, Mentorship, Relationship Building
●Analysis: Business/System Analysis, Data Interpretation
●Product Management: Lifecycle, Design, Strategic Planning, Risk Identification/Mitigation
●Additional: Google/Adobe Analytics, HTML, CSS, Azure Dev Ops

Experience:

Innovation Project and Product Delivery Manager • June 2020 – March 2023
EastBanc Technologies – Washington, DC

●Spearheaded and directed cross-functional teams (4-14 people) for both local and global projects, ensuring the delivery of bespoke applications and artifacts for clients.
●Strategically managed the Product Backlog, applying prioritization and grooming techniques to produce comprehensive product roadmaps and release plans.
●Provided mentorship to Business Analysts, fostering clarity in functional and business requirements documentation.
●Achieved on-time delivery and successful implementation of projects, including SNOWiQ and Inspector Tracking, with a cumulative SOW value of $1.3M.

Data Quality Manager and Business Analyst • June 2017 – August 2018
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation (SMBC) – New York, NY

●Directed a web application development initiative, resolving critical data-related issues through the implementation of streamlined protocols and advanced reporting methodologies.
●Implemented protocols to centrally report data quality issues, significantly enhancing overall data integrity.
●Established a robust reporting methodology with key performance indicators (KPIs) to ensure subsidiary accountability for continuous data quality improvements.

Project Manager and Business Analyst • December 2011 – May 2017
NYC Department of Education (DOE) – Brooklyn, NY

●Executed the successful deployment of enhancements and orchestrated seamless application upgrades for the Special Education Student Information System (SESIS).
●Collaborated with the Project Management Office (PMO), development team, and leadership to ensure uninterrupted service for 10k users.
●Led Joint Application Design (JAD) sessions, meticulously documented business requirements, and conducted User Acceptance Testing (UAT) to guarantee project success.

Director of Product & Data Management • June 2007 – September 2010
HopStop.com, Inc. – New York, NY

●Formulated city launch roadmaps, oversaw international launches, and provided leadership to offshore teams.
●Orchestrated the development of the HopStop iPhone app, managing its first iteration from conceptualization to successful release.
●Applied analytical rigor to monitor and analyze data from multiple sources, optimizing campaigns, and achieving maximum goal conversions.

Education:
Bachelors of Science in Business Administration – Management / Information Systems & Quantitative Analysis (Cum Laude), Portland State University, OR
Contact this candidate