Liliana Mendez Coronado
Roseville CA • Mobile : 561-***-****
ad2qof@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL PROFILE .
I have strategic thinking and setting, and I am a creative and assertive goal-driven leader. I have strong skills to understand the ongoing market scenario and consumer trends to conduct business in different regions (North America, Latin America, Europe, and Australia), as well as strong data & analytical skills. My focus is category management, product development and based on consumer-driven innovation for disrupting the market. I am an expert in product strategy building a bridge between products and customer’s care-abouts. I have a strong financial background as well.
EDUCATION
Master of Professional Marketing
UNIVERSIDAD COMPLUTENSE DE MADRID Madrid, Spain, July 2003 Bachelor of Financial Business Management
INSTITUTO TECNOLÓGICO Y DE ESTUDIOS SUPERIORES DE MONTERREY (ITESM) Mexico City, Mexico .May 1999
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
HOUSEHOLD SOLUTIONS (LARGE DOMESTIC APPLIANCES)
REMOTE- CA
August 2023- Present
Sr. Product Manager
• Define the product innovation, strategy and technical roadmap.
• Be responsible for the cost, function, and schedule for the categories in the different countries.
• Deliver product requirement document’s (PRD) with prioritized features and corresponding justification to deliver products that meet customer requirements as identified in customer requirement documents (CRD) from Business Development team.
• Work with external third parties to assess partnerships opportunities.
• Be an expert with respect to the competition’s technical capabilities and path-to-market.
• Develop the core positioning and messaging for the product and coordinate POP implementation from production.
• Set cost targets to meet profitability goals while working with the Business Development team to set prices that meet revenue and profitability objectives.
• Propose an overall budget to ensure economic success.
• Act as a Leader within the company and as Head of product development with all the factories.
• Own the product delivery schedule.
AIEN US
Houston, TX
April 2020 - August 2021
Sr. Brand/Product Manager
●Short-term and medium-term brand strategies from creation through execution.
• Develop renovation strategies/plans with as innovation strategy in partnership with Innovation & Sales team. Partner with BU VP in developing the over-arching vision and long- term strategies.
● Accountable for brand revenue and gross margin goals, P&L results, brand activation, E&O, and Sales training.
● Responsible for the expertise expansion and for enhancing distribution across all channels and price strategies.
● Analyzed quantitative data (Nielsen) to understand the market shifts and find opportunities to expand the business.
● Created and executed short- and long-term strategic funnel, based on consumer-driven innovation and customer-driven opportunities.
● Short-term & long-term plans included line extensions and innovation (new formats/sizes / new disinfection technologies).
● In 2020 the brand reached 200% of incremental sales and duplicate SOM, becoming the 2nd brand in the market (Nielsen data).
Newell Brands (Small Domestic Appliances) Boca Raton, FL July 2016 – November 2019
Global Product / Brand Marketing Manager (North America, Latin America, Europe & Australia)
● Accountable for developing product innovation, brand communication strategies, and P&L strategies for all regions (US, Latin America, Europe, Asia & Australia) for the Garment Care category, accessories, and new solutions for the home appliances consumer needs.
● Responsible for looking for new opportunities and improvements for the actual assortment in all regions around the world in a market that represents around 90M USD annually).
● Responsible for the annual global innovation funnel (annual innovation plan from the actual year and 5 years more in advance) including the existing 3 different brands (Sunbeam®, Oster®, and Breville®) and more than 100 different items.
● Responsible for building consumer demand, and increased market share growth by 9%, grounded in a deep consumer, product, market, and trends understanding.
● Brand Development Managers develop and lead the brand strategy, pricing strategy, innovation, product portfolio management, product development, and brand communication plans, for expanding, building, and disrupting the market for the best consumer experience and benefits with the assistance of direct reports. Newell Brands (Sunbeam Products Inc.) Newell Brands (Small Domestic Appliances) MEXICO
September 2012 – July 2016
Marketing Manager (Product / Brand)
● Defined the launch & trade strategies for Garment Care, Beverage, Mixing, Toasting, Indoor cooking, Food preparation, and Food preservation categories under Sunbeam®, Oster® Mr. Coffee, and Food Saver® brands.
● Commercialized sales and marketing programs for Garment Care, Beverage, Mixing, Toasting, Indoor cooking, Food preparation, and Food saver categories, within a specific business segment with a focus on Mexico
● The total value of all these categories is around 300M USD annually. Specifically, Garment Care grew from a 22% share of the market to 38% in the last two years, getting the leadership in terms of volume and value.
● Recommended all channel and customer programs to optimize assortments and promotional plans to the Sales Teams that would ultimately deliver sales and profit results.
● Responsible for P&L, price strategy, and building the business segments are of great strategic importance for the growth ambitions in Mexico with the assistance of direct reports. Groupe SEB (T-Fal, Rowenta Krups, Imusa) Mexico City, Mexico January 2011 – September 2012
Senior Product / Brand Manager
● Defined the launch & trade promotion strategies for Garment Care and Food preparations appliances.
● Analyzed quantitative and qualitative market data for defining strong decision strategies.
● Responsible for price, profitability, and retail management. There was a 20% sales increase by launching a full collection at mass merchant and department stores channels.
● Development and management of the marketing budget.
● Analysis and a stretch follow-up of the category and family products.
● Proposed and developed the marketing plan. (Advertising, Promotion & Research strategies, new products).
● Supervised the category management of the brand.
● Followed up on the market data and was in charge of promotional proposals and actions to increase the yield of the brands.
● Was in charge of web and social media content.
Grupo SOS Alimentaria Consumer Goods (CPG)Madrid, Spain January 2007 – September 2009
Europe and Latin American Product / Brand Manager
● Accountable for developing product innovation and brand communication strategies for Carbonell and Cuetara (Olive oil and Cookies) in Europe (Spain, Portugal, Netherlands, Medium east Europe, Italy, as well as Latin American regions)
● 70% of total portfolio categories,10% lift average on both brands.
● Responsible for consumer research, financial analysis, pricing, and budget control.
● Analysis and a stretch follow-up of the profit & loss statement of the category and family products.
● Defined and implemented the trade marketing and brand activation strategy annual plan of the products or services.
● Development and management of marketing and sales budget. CEPSA (Energy Company, Oil, Gas, Power, and Convenience Stores) Madrid, Spain January 2004- December 2007
Brand/Product Manager
● Responsible for launching products & services for the convenience store brand for all channels
(700 stores around Europe)
● Responsible for consumer research, financial analysis, pricing, and budget control.
● Analysis and a stretch follow-up of the category and family products.
● Defined and implemented the trade marketing strategy and promotional annual plan of the products or services.
● Development and management of marketing and sales budget.
● Responsible for the corporate image of the house brand.
● Responsible for media, sponsorships, public events, and promotions in-store.
● Responsible for the corporate material books, manuals, and promotional material. Danone (CPG) Mexico City, Mexico
December 2001- October 2022
Product Manager Jr.
● Defined and implemented a trade marketing strategy and a promotional annual plan for the products.
● Developed the launch strategy, marketing plan, and re-launch stationary campaigns.
● Defined the price strategy per channel.
● Follow up and market analysis for the beverage market. Unilever (CPG) Mexico City, Mexico
June 1999- October 2001
Financial Marketing Associate
● Development, management, and control of marketing, trade marketing, and key account budget.
● Launches, re-launches, line extensions, innovation projects, and commercial strategies for all the brands and categories of the division.
● Development and interpretation of the quarterly model, used for the reporting of the main indicators of the company giving to Brazil (Brand awareness, Top of Mind, Market Share, Innovation, Launches, NPS Incremental).
● Development of the Profit and Loss Statements for launches re-formulations, promotions, and purchases.
● Responsible for the Category Profitability for SKU, product, category, and company level ADDITIONAL INFORMATION & CORE COMPETENCIES.
● Nielsen, GFK, NPD databases.
● Bilingual: English – Spanish
● International experience: US, Mexico, Spain.
● Deep experience in working on cross-functional teams and projects.
● On-Going Digital Marketing Certification.
● Proficient in Microsoft Office applications.
● Presentations and training skills.
Contact this candidate