PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

A Software professional experienced as a Product Manager, Automation and QA with a track record of 13 years of strategic Agile/Scrum vision in E-commerce, Online Retail, Healthcare domains. An accomplished and result-driven professional with proven ability to direct and improve quality programs, thereby ensuring effective & efficient project delivery.
•Experienced in Full life cycle development gathering
requirements, documentation, participating in design,
development, testing and deploying BI solutions using
MS Dynamics.
•Experienced in various project management methodologies like Sprint, SAFE Lean-Agile, SCRUM, and Water Fall based.
•Well versed with all the products of MicroStrategy Product Suite namely MicroStrategy's Intelligence server, Architect, Administrator, Desktop, Web and Narrowcast server.
•Expertise in creating interactive dashboard Reports and Scorecards to view personalized reports based on user requirements.
•Experienced in using Micro Strategy’s Intelligent Server Optimizations.
•Experienced in Data Analysis, Identification of dimensions, Facts, Measures and Hierarchies.
•Strong working knowledge of SQL, ability to understand and write complex SQL queries using Stored Procedures, Joins, Views, Triggers and Indexing strategies.
•Ability to perform extensive Quality Assurance (QA) on MicroStrategy reports.

W O R K E X P E R I E N C E

Skechers Inc.- Product Manager, Los Angeles, CA
Jan, 2022 – Present
Responsibilities:
•Responsible for development and management of Digital
Innovation products, owning end-to-end outcomes, driving
Customer engagement.
•Collaborating with software development, marketing, IT,
DevOps and other agile teams to define product
features and functionalities.
•Developing unique strategies, contingency plans and
comprehensive business cases for various projects, outlining
objectives, scope, budget, and expected outcomes.
•Involved in managing the business cases, identifying
the value propositions, and maintaining a groomed backlog for
the product requirements, creating User Story for
Point of Sale (POS) systems.
•Involved in prioritizing Product features, create User stories, and
manage the Product backlog. Actively develop and complete
a data-driven product roadmap.

C E R T I F I C A T I O N S

Certified SAFe 6 Product Owner/Product Manager (Certificate Id: 099*****-****)
ISTQB Certified Tester Foundation Level (License No: ITB-CTFL-0062476)

E D U C A T I O N

Bachelor of Engineering, Electronics & Communication, June 2011 (Grade 6.9) - Rajiv Gandhi Proudyogiki Vishwavidyalaya, Bhopal, M.P., India

T E C H N I C A L S K I L L S

Agile
Scrum
AWS
Tableau
Azure
Postman
PL/SQL
MicroStrategy
Redshift
HTML, XML, VB6
Power BI
Snow Flake
Oracle
JIRA
MicroStrategy BI
Azure DevOps
RESTful API
MS Dynamics CRM
Jenkins
UAT

S O F T S K I L L S

Test Planning
Test Cases
Agile
Scrum

SDLC
Analytical Skills
Teamwork
Efficiency

L A N G U A N G E S

English - Proficient
Hindi – Proficient
Mandarin – Beginner
Malayalam - Proficient
Hypersonix Inc – Product Manager, San Jose, CA
October, 2020 – January, 2022
Responsibilities:
•Involved in running Reports/Data Marts, managing Report caches, and migrating projects to MicroStrategy production server after the enhancements are done.
•Designed dynamic dashboards (Performance Summary, Metrics, Dynamic Content, Dynamic Visualization)
utilizing different modes (Full screen, Flash, Interactive, View, Editable).
•Presenting Tableau product capabilities, value propositions, potential future functionality, and roadmaps to customers and the Tableau sales team collaborating with product marketing on positioning, messaging, and
go-to-market strategies.
•Working closely with customers to understand their needs in depth, work with engineering teams to translate those needs into clear prioritized requirements, build a compelling roadmap, deliver high-impact and innovative features.
•Involved in contributing to vision, strategy and roadmap for the Web product in the context of the overall product vision.
•Worked and coordinated with the QA team for UAT and creating test plans.

NTUC Enterprise Pvt. Ltd. – Senior Test Engineer, Singapore
September, 2019 – March, 2020
Responsibilities:
• Creating, prioritize, implement and maintain test plans using Test Rail and to be a champion for testing strategies and execution by working in Agile methodology.
• Identifying objects of App using Apple UI Automator tool for Iphone and Appium Inspector for Android to develop scripts
• Using different types of Emulator/Simulator to simulate the real devices for test case validation

Alibaba (China) Technology Pvt. Ltd.- Software Development Engineer in Test - II, Hangzhou, China
March, 2018 – August, 2019
Responsibilities:
•Involved in Build Deployment automation for Pipeline CI using Docker, Jenkins CLI, Kubernetes, shell scripting
•Operating on Alibaba Cloud console to review logs via SPLUNK
•Resource monitoring and analyzing historic data stored in AWS Redshift and DynamoDB
•Utilizing SQL to write and analyze complex queries to perform database testing
•Automating the process of software delivery and infrastructure changes using DevOps and Alibaba Cloud Docker
Walker Digital Table Systems LLC- Test Engineer - III, Gurgaon, Haryana - India
July, 2016 – March, 2018
Responsibilities:
•Involved in Creation, Execution & Maintenance of Test Scenarios, Test Cases and Automated Test Scripts using Selenium WebDriver with C#, Rest-assured for RESTful API automation in Backend services.
•Requirement gathering/analysis, Test Plan creation, Functional Testing of the components, Bug identification, reporting and tracking, examining the severity and priority of the Defects and Reporting in the bug-tracking excel sheet, retesting and regression testing for .Net applications
•Involved in Build Deployment automation for Pipeline CI using Docker, Jenkins CLI, Kubernetes, shell scripting
•Performing Manual, Automated and Functional End to End System tests on Web based applications and understanding product requirements / design and working closely with the developers on the verification of product features.

Delhivery Private Limited – Associate - Technology, Gurgaon, Haryana - India
July, 2015 – July, 2016
•Ensure the quality and low bug rates of code released into production and responsible for automating distributed (multi-tiered) systems & mobile app automation on Android/iOS using Appium
•Performing distributed execution of automated tests for UI automation using Selenium Webdriver, C#, Cucumber, TestNG and continuous integration with Jenkins
•Bug identification, reporting and tracking, examining the severity and priority of the Defects and Reporting in the bug-tracking excel sheet, retesting and regression testing.

RateGain Travel Technologies Pvt. Ltd. – QA Engineer, Noida, U.P. - India
December, 2013 – June, 2015
Performing Manual, Automated and Functional End to End System tests on Web based applications and understanding product requirements / design and working closely with the developers on the verification of product features.
Utilized SQL to create scripts and extract data used in system data validation, preparing functional documentation according to required software features.
Bug identification, reporting and tracking, examining the severity and priority of the Defects and Reporting in the bug-tracking excel sheet, retesting and regression testing.
Ensure the quality and low bug rates of code released into production and responsible for automating distributed (multi-tiered) systems & mobile app automation on Android/iOS using Appium

Honeywell International India Pvt. Ltd. – Product Support Consultant, Gurgaon, Haryana - India
June, 2013 – December, 2013
Assist technical team and providing support on Intrusion panels, CCTV systems, Total Connect Services and Alarmnet panels.
Involved in installation and troubleshooting of Honeywell Security, Intrusions/Access control systems and testing on the products.
Program the devices remotely & supervise technicians with the help of remote desktop to reduce the security breaches.
Independently handling radio activation issues and support day-to-day service activities (administrative and/or functional) for the business with documentation on salesforce

HCL Technologies Ltd. – Technical Support Officer, Noida, U.P. - India
August, 2011 – March, 2013
Collect, organize and maintain problems and solutions log for use by other technical support analysts.
Participating in the redesign of applications and other software
Communicate electronically and in person with computer users experiencing difficulties to determine and document problems experienced.
Consult user guides, technical manuals and other documents to research and implement solutions.
Contact this candidate