Faizaan Fahsal
312-***-**** ad2wko@r.postjobfree.com Chicago IL
SUMMARY
Spearheaded product development and enhancement to maximize sales success. Talented coordinator, problem-solver and team leader with proven expertise in roadmapping effective plans. Conceptualize, test and improve strategies to attain targets with cost-effective approaches. EXPERIENCE
Strategic Product Manager Consultant, Blue Cross Blue Shield, January 2022-Current Led strategic initiatives to foster relationships with multi-employer clients, showcasing an in-depth understanding of the institutional investment landscape and the unique needs of the multi-employer segment
Developed strategic partnerships and successfully navigated the complexity of the healthcare investment environment.
Managing product direct reports and cross-functional teams in identifying product opportunities in new and complex emerging markets. Led the Development Process from Inception to Product Launch for New Products. Ensured that New Products are clearly defined and that HCSC Leadership has the necessary information (EG, Proformas, Financial Analysis, Internal Capabilities Assessment, Etc) in order to make an informed Go/No Go Decision for Product Launch. Responsible for updating and maintaining the PLM Process. Cultivated relationships with internal and external constituencies supporting the Group Retiree Medicare Advantage business.
Leverages in-depth knowledge and understanding of Medicare Advantage products across functions and sales segments in directing the development and implementation of new product initiatives, including product enhancements. Directed, evaluated and provided requirements/specifications for use of appropriate business processes and systems to support product initiatives. Maintained comprehensive understanding of internal and external environmental influences and competitive pressures to develop and enhance the Group product portfolio. Supported sales teams as a subject matter expert. Coordinate with sales to understand and field RFP and Renewal requests.
Consulted effective product offerings to customers to meet organizational goals. Tracked key performance indicators to ensure effective product portfolio performance. Established and managed cross-functional product development work groups. Anticipated resource needs, sets priorities, establishes accountabilities, defines roles/responsibilities and manages relationships to secure necessary resources not under direct control.
Interpreted legislative, competitive and industry trends to recommend new products or product enhancements.
Agile Coach, MobileVax, January 2021-January 2022
Chicago
Gained expertise in Medicare and Medicaid domains, focusing on inpatient, outpatient, and reimbursement methodology
Implemented MyChart via EPIC and HealthDex platforms, enhancing healthcare system functionality
Facilitated collaboration among business, sales, and IT teams to refine products based on market demands.
Advised teams on how to optimize their workflow using techniques like pair programming, continuous integration, and test-driven development. Coordinated recruitment and placement of training program participants. Managed learning experience consistent with company philosophy and company-wide strategies.
Collaborated with internal business partners to create industry-specific course content. Investment Banking Analyst, Alpha Capital Holdings, Inc., January 2019-January 2020 Chicago
Participated in investment banking transactions from origination to closing, conducting extensive financial analyses and modeling
Prepared client presentations for various financial transactions and advisory engagements, supporting informed decision-making and strategy development. Illustrated concepts with charts and graphs showing historical and forecasted trends. Developed comprehensive company valuations to inform investment decisions. Interpreted data on price and yield future investment-risk trends, economic influences and other factors affecting investment programs.
Guided stakeholder strategies with financial advice. Conducted industry research, competitive analysis and market trends to assist with client presentations.
Sales Director, Fali International, January 2016-January 2019 Chicago
Led a sales team of 40+, fostering a collaborative and performance-oriented environment Developed and maintained relationships with various retailers and clients, promoting the company's jewelry products
Implemented sales training programs, enhancing team performance by 30%. Maintained professional network of potential clients and business opportunities. Executed and created strategic sales plans to expand customer base and extend global reach.
Delivered sales presentations focused on offerings and unique advantages over competitors. Strengthened revenue opportunities by developing tailor-made sales strategies based on industry trend and competitor analysis.
EDUCATION AND TRAINING
Master of Business Administration (MBA)
Finance and Management, University of Illinois at Chicago Doctor of Pharmacy (PharmD)
University of Illinois at Chicago
Bachelor of Science (BS)
Health Sciences, Benedictine University
CERTIFICATIONS
Board Certified Medical Affairs Specialist (BCMAS) Accreditation Council for Medical Affairs
Medical Science Liaison Board Certification (MSL-BC) Science to PharmD Pty Ltd. Medical Science Liaison Training Pharmacy License
Illinois Department of Financial and Professional Regulation Basic Life Support
American Heart Association
Immunization Certification
Fundamentals of Digital Marketing
Google Digital Garage
Professional Scrum Master Certification
Project Management Professional
SKILLS
Cross-functional Collaboration
Regulatory Compliance/Affairs
Project Management
Revenue Optimization
Product Vision and Strategy
ROI Analysis
Interpersonal Communication
Scrum Framework
Jira, Atlassian, Rally
Agile Software Development
Teamwork and Collaboration
Prioritization and Execution
Stakeholder Alignment
Product Roadmaps
Database Management Systems
Cross Functional Leadership
KPI Tracking
Effective Organization
Roadmap Development
Data Analytics
Documentation Management
Strategic Planning
Sales Enhancement
Stakeholder Communications
Business Planning
Technical Support
Timeline Management
Business Development
Goal Setting
Stakeholder Relations
User Feedback Collection
Improvement Metrics Measurement
Product Development
Financial Management
Requirements Gathering
Contact this candidate