CONTACT
817-***-****
ad2x3f@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: HeatherCherry
SKILLS
Product Management
Agile/Scrum
Backlog Refinement
Atlassian Jira
User Stories
Data Analysis
A/B Testing
Requirements Gathering
Stakeholder Management
Azure Devops
Product Marketing
Acceptance Criteria
Healthcare Services
EDUCATION
BACHELOR OF ARTS (BA)
The University of Texas
Austin, TX
August 2007 - May 2012
Rhetoric & Writing
Communication Studies
TRAINING
PRODUCT-LED GROWTH
Micro-Certification
Product School & Gainsight PX
Issued December 2022
HEATHER L CHERRY
PRODUCT MANAGER
Passionate and customer obsessed product manager withmore than 5 years experiencemanaging insurtech and fintech products.
PROFILE
With a rich history ofinnovationand meticulous attentionto detail, I can conceptualize, deliver, and oversee the software development lifecycle (SDLC) of cutting-edge products. I thrive ondata-driveninsightsand cross-functional collaboration to deliver successful product outcomes. My journey is marked by self-driven learning and a passion for creating solutions that empower users to achieve their objectives. After apurposeful pause to reinvigorate my career objectives, I am readyto re-enter the product and tech landscape in any capacity available. EXPERIENCE
MEDICAL RECEPTIONIST
Absolute Urgent Care • Aubrey, TX
June 2023 - Present
Supported clinical and administrative operations for patient-friendly service and HIPAA compliance.
Ensured positive first impression by greeting and assisting patients with a warm, professional demeanor.
Employedelectronic medical record (EMR)softwareto streamline patient flow and reduce wait times.
Coordinated with across-functionalhealthcare teamto relay patient messages and communicate urgent concerns.
Verified medical insurance and handled billing inquiries, resulting in reduced billing errors.
CAREER BREAK
Dallas-Fort Worth, TX
September 2022 - May 2023
Deliberate hiatus from profession to focus onpersonalexplorationand realign career objectives with long-term goals.
PAGE1OF 2
GROUPS
WOMEN IN AGILE
February 2022
WOMENTECH NETWORK
December 2022
WOMEN IN PRODUCT
December 2022
AIPMM
November 2019
AGILE ALLIANCE
November 2019
TEXAS EXES
May 2012
VOLUNTEERING
VP FUNDRAISING
Sandbrock Ranch
Elementary School PTA
May 2023 - Present
ENDORSEMENTS
Professional and personal
references available upon
request.
Stayed connected with the product community to keep up with industry trends and gainfresh technology insights.
Spent valuable time with family, especially youngchildren.
Initiated a new passion project by joining the PTA Board at child’s school.
PRODUCT MANAGER
Lanvera Ltd. • Coppell, TX
March 2022 - August 2022
Led the product strategy for a fintech platform delivering financial documents like bank statements, invoices, and tax forms.
Collaborated with a cross-functional development team to coordinate work, build trust, and improve product outcomes.
Advocatedteam-based backlog refinementfor clearerproduct requirements and improved sprint planning collaboration.
Contributed to executive briefs for product vision and strategy to ensure features metstakeholder objectives.
Mentoredfirst Scrum team, participated in Scrum ceremonies,and boosted efficiency duringWaterfall-to-Agile transition. PRODUCT MANAGER
Zywave Inc. (acquired ITC November 2020) • Milwaukee, WI June 2015 - March 2022
Managed an email automation platform for independent insurance agents to engage with clients.
Analyzed customer feedback, buyer personas, and user analytics to drivedata-driven product decisions.
Introduced requirements gathering, backlog refinement, andAgile methodologies to enhance product development.
Used acquisition, utilization, and retention data to ensure product success aligned withbusiness KPIs.
Collaborated onintegrations, providing tech supportand consultations to clients, vendors, and engineering teams.
Unified internal teams by syncing communication, documentation, goals, and deadlines.
REGISTRATION EXPERIENCE COORDINATOR
Parker University DBA Parker Seminars • Dallas, TX January 2014 - June 2015
Oversaw event registration, customer experience, digital marketing, and attendee engagement for chiropractic education conferences.
Utilized eventfeedback surveys,competitive analysis,and market research to enhance seminar value.
Upgradedonline registration, communication, and on-sitesupport to enhance the attendee experience and resolve inefficiencies.
Fostered collaboration and transparency across groups tobridge communication gapsand drive event-wide progress.
PAGE2OF 2
Contact this candidate