VAMSI SEGIREDDY
214-***-**** ad2yxn@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/vamsi-segireddy
OBJECTIVE
Seasoned technologist and product manager with a decade of experience delivering market-ready products. Passionate about utilizing data to enhance customer experiences and boost satisfaction. Adept at swiftly mastering new technologies to address intricate customer challenges. Seeking a challenging role leveraging data and AI to solve customer problems and drive business value. EXPERIENCE
JPMorgan Chase & Co, New York, NY Jun 2012 – Present Product Manager - Marketing, Personalization & Data Platforms Oct 2017 – Present
Achieved $70M annual cost savings through a unified platform optimizing real-time customer interactions with contextual relevance.
Engineered rules platform for managing customer and product eligibility, saving nearly $20MM in servicing costs and cutting licensing expenses by 12%
Implemented a next-best-action decision engine, boosting $60MM annual revenue, and expedited legacy system replacement, completing the transition 2x faster than projected.
Improved Chase Web and Mobile app ad performance metrics using advanced A/B testing capabilities.
Conducted seamless onboarding workshops for channel integrations. Sales & Marketing, Investment Banking – Business Analyst Jun 2012 – Oct 2017
Successfully delivered 50+ strategic initiatives including standing up new trading platform in an Agile environment interacting with end-users, stakeholders and technology teams
Gathered reports and presented to stakeholders with program risks for upcoming deliverables.
Partnered with senior management to determine processes to optimize the usage of a mainframe system, diagnose issues and eliminate product redundancies. EDUCATION
Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA August 2009 – May 2013
Bachelor of Science – Industrial Engineering (GPA 3.79 out of 4) SKILLS & CERTIFICATION
Certifications: AWS Cloud Practitioner, Product Management (GA), and Pega Decisioning Consultant
Agile tools: JIRA, Confluence, and Balsamiq
Business Rule Engines: Pega Systems (Marketing), Sapiens Decision, IBM ODM
Technical: HTML, SQL, MS Office, Access, Visio, and Python
Contact this candidate