Curriculum Vitae
Muhammad Naseem
P.O Saidpur Tehsil Pathika
Dist. Muzaffarabad Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.
Tel: 034*-*******
Email: ad2yq2@r.postjobfree.com
OBJECTIVES
To have a challenge career in a dynamic and progressive organization, where my qualification, skills and experience would be an asset, Moreover, I can add value to my technical as well as managerial skills attain the greatest possible
AREAS OF
EXPERTISE
Strategic Planning
Team leadership
Market planning
Market Analysis
Product launching and Relaunching.
QUALIFICATION
M.com 2016
University of Azad Jammu & Kashmir
B. Com 2013
University of Azad Jammu & Kashmir
Intermediate 2010
Board of Mirpur Azad Jammu & Kashmir
Matriculation 2008
EMPLOYMENT
CURRENT
Currently Working With Bisconni Ismail Industries LTd as a TSM Muzaffarabad Four year Working with Shakarganj Food pvt Ltd as a TSE Muzaffarabad. Responsibilities:
To open the new business grounds for the company.
Achievement of Numeric and Weighted distribution and market. Expansion and Penetration in the market to grow the business. Research and regular reporting
Looking after the overall product portfolio of organization. Research and regular reporting.
Former One Year Working with C0la Next pvt Ltd as a TSO Muzaffarabad Responsibilities:
To open the new business grounds for the company.
Achievement of Numeric and Weighted distribution and market. Expansion and Penetration in the market to grow the business. Research and regular reporting
Looking after the overall product portfolio of organization. Research and regular reporting.
Former One Year Working with Innovative Biscuits (Pvt) Ltd as a TSO Muzaffarabad Responsibilities:
To open the new business grounds for the company.
Achievement of Numeric and Weighted distribution and market. Expansion and Penetration in the market to grow the business. Research and regular reporting.
Looking after the overall product portfolio of organization. Research and regular reporting.
Former One Year Working with National Food (Pvt) Ltd as a DSR Muzaffarabad Responsibilities:
Working in Muzaffarabad.
Ensuring the company policies and ethics in the market. Research and regular reporting.
Expansion and Penetration in the market to grow the business. COMPUTER
SKILLS
Ms. Word
Ms. Excel
Ms. Power Point
In Page (Urdu)
Internet
HOBBIES
Surfing Internet.
Reading Books.
Indoor Games.
LANGUAGE
PROFICIENCY
Excellent in spoken and written English
Urdu
Personal Data
Father Name Sherzaman
Date of Birth 30 Sep 1992
Domicile Muzaffarabad AJK
Nationality Pakistani
Religion Islam
C.N.I.C 82203-6280887-7
Marital status Married
REFERENCE
Will be furnished on deman0d
Contact this candidate