PALAK SARAWAGI
ad33tl@r.postjobfree.com • (***) 450 – 2906• https://www.linkedin.com/in/palaksarawagi PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
A customer-centric and driven Product Manager with four years of experience delivering impactful solutions. Skilled in product roadmap development, prioritizing features, conducting A/B testing, market analysis, and driving CX enhancements. Proficient in influencing business strategies, collaborating with cross-functional teams, and employing Agile methodologies. Registered Product Owner (RPO) adept at fostering consensus among Engineering and Design teams using various tools including SQL, Adobe Analytics, Amplitude, Asana, Jira, Confluence, Figma, and Optimizely.
WORK EXPERIENCE
PayPal Technical Product Manager – Financial Data Services Sept 2023 − Feb 2024
● Crafted comprehensive product roadmaps and skillfully prioritized product initiatives, aligning strategic objectives with market demands to optimize resource allocation and expedite product development cycles.
● Spearheaded the end-to-end development and implementation of 4 new product features for the cryptocurrency asset sub-ledger within a 6-month timeline, resulting in heightened scalability and automation. PwC Consulting Consulting Product Manager – Capstone Nov 2022 − Feb 2023
● Led the identification of key demand drivers for a prominent US food distributor by conducting macro analysis and regression analysis using 10 years of demand data, leading to optimized supply chain distribution and a projected 22% reduction in operational costs for at least 5 years.
Highradius Corporation Product Manager Jul 2020 – Apr 2022
● Led cross-functional effort with Engineering and Product Management and translated business requirements to new product features for Deductions Management System (DMS), resulting in a 30% reduction in consultants' implementation time.
● Designed and delivered 8 custom enhancements for existing products based on client requests, contributing to the growth of the product roadmap.
● Identified test plans for the new features and created test scripts for the engineering team, ensuring adherence to quality standards.
● Managed a team of 6 product consultants, optimizing the product delivery process through a Standard Operating Procedure, leading to 38% fewer manual errors and increased efficiency for the product DMS.
● Developed a product training framework, efficiently training 57 consultants within 2 months for the product DMS.
● Developed a consulting playbook that streamlined project delivery, leading to fewer manual errors and significant time savings. Highradius Corporation Product Implementation Consultant Apr 2019 – Jun 2020
● Created a web-aggregation engine using Python, automating information capture, and achieving a 41% increase in time savings.
● Collaborated with business analysts and data analysts to provide seamless integration of SaaS solutions with the client’s ERPs.
● Leveraged source data analysis and SQL queries to derive Business Analytics insights, translating requirements into actionable epics and features aligned with ServiceNow principles.
● Integrated the DMS product with the client's ERP, utilizing agile delivery concepts and collaborating closely with multiple stakeholders in the internal and external teams during the design, implementation, and testing phase.
● Orchestrated comprehensive project documentation (BRDs, FRDs, SRS, Release Notes, MOM) using MS Office to promote transparency and align with clients' IT Service Management requirements and processes.
● Collaborated with SQL developers to improve backend performance, developing SQL queries and stored procedures to optimize data handling.
SKILLS
● Product Management: Product Design, Requirement Analysis, User research, Market Research, Competitive Analysis, Prioritization, Figma Prototyping, Data Analysis, Stakeholder Engagement, Business Presentation, API Integration
● Methodology & Project Management Tools: Waterfall, Scrum, KANBAN, SAFe, JIRA, ServiceNow
● Testing & Reporting Tools: Postman, Soap UI, Tableau, Power BI
● Documentation, Modeling & Operating Tools: Confluence, SharePoint, MS Visio, Lucidchart, MS Planner, Office 365, MS Project
● ETL & Data Analytics: Informatica Power Center, Python, SQL, Java, JavaScript, MapReduce, Data Mining, Data Integration (ETL), Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA), Data Visualization, Machine Learning (Supervised and Unsupervised Learning, Reinforcement Approaches)
EDUCATION
Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA May 2023 Master of Information Systems Management GPA 3.69/4.00 Certification: Registered Product Owner (RPO) Certification, Scrum Inc. (March 2023) Relevant Coursework: Product Management, A/B Testing, Data Science and Big Data, Distributed Systems, Database Design Kalinga Institute of Industrial Technology (KIIT University), Bhubaneswar, India May 2019 Bachelor of Technology, Information Technology GPA 3.94/4.00
Contact this candidate