Dawn Bushnell
Program & Product Management Professional
ad34p7@r.postjobfree.com • 480-***-****
LinkedIn URL • Chandler, AZ 85249
Accomplished professional with substantial experience leading cross-functional teams and delivering complex projects on time and within budget, adept in planning, executing, and overseeing large-scale programs with efficiency and effectiveness. Current Top Secret clearance.
Adept at allocating and managing cross-functional resources across the product portfolio to maximize corporate resource utilization. Well-versed in leading all phases of product/program by managing overall profit/loss and developing product vision and positioning strategy in collaboration with leadership, stakeholders, and diverse teams. Instrumental in assessing and mitigating project risks and schedule impacts by providing proactive guidance, recovery planning, and customer involvement. Strategic thinker with strong business acumen and ability to align program goals with organization’s overall strategic objectives. Proven record of devising process improvements to streamline workflows, increase efficiency, and generate maximum revenue.
Areas of Expertise
Project Planning & Scheduling
Product Management
Program Management
Resource Allocation
Cross-Functional Team Management
Risk Assessment & Mitigation
Change Management
Relationship Building
Staff Training & Leadership
Professional Experience
Senior Product/Program Manager, General Dynamics Mission Systems, Scottsdale, AZ 2022 – 2024
Allocate and manage cross-functional resources across the product portfolio to maximize corporate resource utilization. Collaborate with Capture and Sales Leads from various business units to define and outline new programs, including developing proposals, delivering them, and providing ongoing support.
●Managed all phases of the $80M+ Spaceborne Satellite Global Positioning System (GPS) Receivers project while ensuring adherence to internal requirements and meeting customer commitments for deadlines and deliverables.
●Delivered on quarterly revenue and cash flow objectives, as well as regular accounting or percentage of completion milestones, for all programs within the portfolio.
Senior Product Manager, General Dynamics Mission Systems, Scottsdale, AZ 2013 – 2022
Led all phases of the product/program for the Ground to Air (G2A) Radio Systems portfolio by managing the overall profit/loss ($MM/yearly). Developed a comprehensive product vision and positioning strategy in collaboration with leadership, stakeholders, and diverse teams.
●Executed the $350M+ FAA NEXCOM 2 IDIQ program with on-time deliveries and exemplary support throughout the production phase.
●Successfully managed the $99M FAA Emergency Transceiver Radio (ETR) program as the Program Manager.
●Expanded the portfolio by leveraging existing customer relationships to identify new requirements, resulting in new versions of the existing products and increased YoY growth.
Senior Program/Product Manager, General Dynamics C4 Systems, Scottsdale, AZ 2010 – 2013
Coordinated program needs and activities with internal functional teams, including engineering, procurement, production planning, operations, and quality. Identified and mitigated project risks and schedule impacts by providing proactive guidance, recovery planning, and customer involvement.
●Managed a $30M+ development program by overseeing successful execution of the subsequent $80M+ production contract ahead of schedule.
●Served as a primary liaison for US Government customers for both the AN/PRC-154 and AN/PRC-154A product lines.
Additional Experience as Program Manager 2005 – 2010 at General Dynamics C4 Systems, Scottsdale, AZ
Served as a dedicated member of the US Navy for ten years (1987 – 1997) with a record of achieving an honorable discharge.
Education
Master of Project Management, Keller Graduate School of Management, Mesa, AZ
Bachelor of Science in Computer Studies, University of Maryland University College Park, Maryland
Affiliations
American Legion La Societe des Quarante Hommes et Huit Chevaux Air Traffic Control Association
Contact this candidate