SHIVANI GOEL SENIOR BUSINESS ANALYST
Phone: +1-317-***-**** Email: ad36ro@r.postjobfree.com Location: Mccordsville, Indiana

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

●Pragmatic IT professional with almost 10 years of experience as Business Analyst in BFSI domain like customer onboarding, loan origination, loan management system, regulatory requirements- FATCA goAML, Mutual funds, transaction processing, reconciliation etc.
●Worked as Product manager for a Financial Institution and played a pivotal role in defining the product strategy to drive its digital transformation that achieves operational excellence and enhances business growth.
●Exceptional analysis & research skills, combined with business and market acumen with an ability to translate it into a product strategy.
●Proven track record of handling multiple projects as a lead business analyst, working in Agile (SAFe, Scrum) and waterfall models and successfully launching products
●Stakeholder management and impact analysis using - RACI matrix, brainstorming, process analysis, scenarios, use cases and user stories.
●Adept in performing Requirement Elicitation using - Brainstorming, Document Analysis, Interviewing, Workshops, focus groups etc.
●Proven Track Record in conducting Gap Analysis and defining AS-IS and TO-BE state using benchmarking, SWOT Analysis, Process modeling etc.
●Extensive experience in writing functional specification (FSD), business requirement documents (BRD) and providing formal walkthroughs to get sign off from the respective stakeholders.
●Well-versed in creating epics, features and user stories (agile environment).
●Responsible for preparation and presentation of business justification- cost and time estimates, benefits and risks, priority, RCA (Root Cause Analysis) etc. for software Change requests and getting the requests approved from the Change control board (CCB) for implementation.
●Adept in creating UML Diagrams, including Use Case Diagrams, sequence Diagrams and Activity Diagrams using various tools such as MS Visio.
●Expertise in writing advanced DML and DDL SQL Queries and PL SQL to do User Acceptance Testing (UAT), data validation and reporting.
●Experienced in using tools like JIRA, TFS, Confluence, and HPQC
●Established performance metrics to measure the performance on CRs using metrics like cycle time improvement, revenue & cost analysis, system performance etc.
●Well versed with backlog prioritization techniques (MoSCoW, WSJF, cost and efforts etc.) and estimation techniques (TShirt sizing, Planning Poker, Complexity buckets, value streaming and technical risk-based estimations)
●Proven expertise in developing business Cases, Test Scenarios (Acceptance Criterias), Requirement Traceability Matrix and documenting defects using HP QC and HP ALM. Collaborated and monitored BlackBox Testing, Smoke Testing, User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and Regression Testing. Helped the testing team in understanding test scenarios regarding Interface testing &API testing.
●Conducted Training Sessions for the end users in the production environment once the product went live and was ready to use.
●Experienced in working with ThreeTier Architecture, and ClientSide Verification and Server Side Verification.
Thorough understanding of Business Intelligence (BI) and experience in creating interactive, analytical dashboards using Tableau and IBM Cognos for decision making.
●Self-motivated professional with excellent stakeholder and conflict management skills
●Good experience of working in challenging and cross-platform environment

PROFESSIONAL SKILLS

Components
Skills
Tools
JIRA, Confluence, MS-Office, MS-Visio, TFS, Lucidchart, Trello, Postman
Business Analysis
FSD, BRD, Gap Analysis, Cost-Benefit Analysis, Wireframe, Change control
Management
SDLC & Agile Project Management, Risk Management, Stakeholder Management & Conflict Management
Database
Oracle, Sybase, MySQL,Metabase

WORK EXPERIENCE
Sr. Business Analyst (Product Owner,Amgen, USA Remote) (Sep' 22 – Present)

●Responsible for business requirement gathering & analysis, translating them into functional and nonfunctional requirements.
●Preparing Business Requirement and System Design documents by clearly outlining the AS-IS (Current) and TO-BE (Future) system states
●Contribute to the Product Management Team and be accountable for the delivery of the technology capabilities and for robust product prioritization and governance via Program Increment planning with business leadership
●Define the overall technical product roadmaps and serve as the voice of the customer/client and the leader of the product team
●Create and maintain a product roadmap, prioritizing features and functionalities based on stakeholder input, strategic importance, and regulatory changes
●Ensure system compliance with Amgen standards and regulatory requirements, including data integrity and security
●Worked on message trigger solution to provide real time updates to sales representatives to help increase in the sales
●Performed Data modeling to refine the user requirements and present feasible solution approach to the business stakeholders
●Closely worked with system architect to define the NFRs, dependencies and technical risks to the solution
●Contributed in user acceptance testing by performing various test cases based on business scenarios and providing required support to the business stakeholders for UAT

Technologies/skills - SQL, JIRA, Oracle, Visio, Lucidchart, Scrum

Assistant Manager (Business Consultant, Accenture, India) (Oct' 20 – Jun ‘21)
Retail Banking HSBC
●Work closely with the various business functions of the organization to define overall LIBOR rate transition strategy at Global level
●Facilitated JAD sessions and interviewed stakeholders for requirement elicitation
●Lead data modeling and research alternatives for the development of business requirements. Performed data analysis with high complexity in support of ad-hoc customer requests. Developed advanced SQL queries and reports for analyzing and presenting data to the stakeholders.
●Analyzed data for SOA initiatives to determine data impacts to systems, both downstream and upstream systems
●Translated the business requirements into technical requirements and documented in Business Requirement Document for submission to technical team
●Based on BRD created EPICs, features and user stories in the JIRA
●Performed data source mapping using SQL and created data flow diagrams to define the data flow across affected banking systems
●Took up additional role to define WBS and track the tasks with respective stakeholders
●I was aligned with other product owners across regions to translate the requirements that were specific to their region. Co-ordinated and provided relevant feedback to the groomed user stories by other POs and to the demos.
●Created comprehensive dashboard on JIRA to track the overall progress of the EPIC and user stories
●Used EaszyBI reports, Zephyr for test management as JIRA plugins to enhance the overall management of the project
Technologies/skills - SQL, JIRA, Oracle, Visio, Lucidchart, Scrum

Business Consultant (Product Manager, TotheNew, India) (Oct’18 – Sep ‘20)
Financial Institution HDFC Credila– Lending & Mutual Funds Domain
●Worked closely with the various business functions of the financial organization to define overall product strategy. The goal was to drive digital transformation strategy with an aim to achieve operational efficiency and business growth
●Performed Gap Analysis by studying and reviewing the existing business processes extensively and interviewing stakeholders across multiple locations. Processes were evaluated against metrics like - cycle time, customer rating etc. The key insights from the analysis were used to prioritize the top areas that required technology intervention and define high level product roadmap in order to realize business goals and objectives
●Utilized product discovery phase efficiently with the key stakeholders to create a design concept that could be evolved iteratively. This led to formation of a consistent and cohesive user interface and navigation structure. Liaised with the UI/UX team to perform user and usability testing of prototypes and conducted UAT for future releases.
●Proactively formed a continuous feedback loop by taking insights from relevant stakeholders, sales reports, regulators and customer feedback to enhance the product features. This brought the required data transparency in the product to help all the relevant key stakeholders.
●Conducted regular Demos for stakeholders and ensured that the feedbacks are incorporated. Used demos to gain deeper understanding of users and customers, identify and address product gaps, generate new ideas that improved user experience
●Created Business Requirement Document, Functional Specification Document, Requirements Traceability Matrix, Data sourcing and Mapping Documents for the first phase of implementation for the product that was part of the build strategy - customer onboarding and loan origination module System.
●Created product vision for the customer onboarding product in alignment with business goals
●Translated roadmaps into manageable product backlog in JIRA
●Maintained prioritized product backlog of user stories, features and defects in JIRA and confluence
●Drive vendor assessment for various products as part of the buy strategy - VKYC. Prepared BRD, High Level Design, Plan and data sourcing approach for the VKYC (Video - Know Your Customer) solution. Conducted Proof of Concept (POC) with identified vendors to evaluate the effectiveness of the product with respect to the business requirements of the organization. This helped the stakeholders to choose the right product by evaluating all factors like Cost, Ease of Business and how close the outcome matched the Acceptance Criteria.
●After the success of the POCs, worked on to productionize the solution in multiple phases.
●Worked on Service now to manage the defect tracking system for Loan origination system
●Conducted POC for Report Database and dashboard using Metabase. The idea was to develop a separate reporting database which takes a copy of the essential operational data but represents it in a different schema. Developed advanced SQL queries to design the reports that cater to the needs of different stakeholders.
●Conducted API testing using Postman to validate the functional flow between fintech partners and Loan management system
●Implemented Kanban tracking using JIRA for managing workflow.

Technologies/skills - SQL, JIRA, Oracle, Visio, Lucidchart,Metabase, Postman, LMS (Loan Management System), B2C lead generation system, service Now, Kanban, SAFe, VKYC (Video- Know Your Customer), AML check

Business Analyst, Fiserv, India (Dec’17 – Oct’18)
Banking Reconciliation Products for Transaction Management
●Worked as product owner for 2 projects with business requirements for different reconciliation products that cater to business needs of various markets worldwide
●Performed core responsibilities like product backlog management, prioritizing features based on business value, working with the technical team on implementation and performing final checks before the demo.
●Created user stories from the epics while ensuring that they are aligned with product vision and roadmap, as determined by the product manager in JIRA and confluence.
●Lead the refinement, grooming of product backlog and ensure that the requirements are delivered based on their business value and relevant stakeholders feedback is incorporated.
●At the conclusion of each sprint, conducted demos to all stakeholders involved (business and technical) in the development of the reconciliation product
●Conducted backlog grooming sessions with the development team and provided clarifications.
●Prioritized sprint backlog for the team and worked closely with them during the sprint to monitor the progress and ensure priority items are completed in the order of business value delivered
●Performed Sprint review at end of the sprint with all the stakeholders and captured details on the goals achieved, next sprint goals and any feedback on the work delivered during the sprint
●Worked closely with the product manager and business owners to understand the changing needs and client feedback. Utilized these inputs in prioritizing the product backlog and refining the stories with detailed scenarios
●Also took up additional responsibility to perform market Analysis and sales report analysis to gain insights to draw Product Roadmap
●Created project documents like release notes, user guides and product enhancement summary
●Assessed the impact of annual revisions in SWIFT Standards and designed the solution accordingly
●Prepared test data and plan the conditioning of micro-services for creation of same
●Lead defect review meeting with relevant business stakeholders to provide insights on quality aspects based on their impact to business operational efficiency and customer satisfaction.
●Maintained and designed Kanban board to track the progress of prioritized defects in the JIRA

Technologies/skills - SQL, JIRA, Oracle, Visio, Lucidchart, Accurate Reconciliation Product, Frontier Reconciliation Product - USA markets Primarily,Kanban, Scrum, SWIFT statements, Traello

Senior Business Analyst, Standard Chartered Bank GBS, India (Mar’16 – Dec’17)
Customer On boarding and Core Banking –UK, USA, India, Singapore
●Responsible for developing a Business solution addressing customer needs & challenges gathered through interactions and documented in BRD.
●Coordinating with various internal stakeholders to provide effort & cost estimates for project and providing support for user acceptance testing and project implementation activities
●Closely worked with business to understand regulatory requirements like FATCA, goAML, CRS etc.
●Performed Regulatory requirement Analysis and liaising with regulators to understand and implement the right solution to address the regulatory needs.
●Creating, presenting and maintaining project collaterals on JIRA such as User stories, Functional specification documents, Demos Case studies, presentations etc.
●Responsible for writing and creating use cases and workflow diagrams.
●On-site visits to interact with clients to identify operational tasks for automation to achieve operational efficiency
●Worked on digitization of customer onboarding system to achieve operational efficiency. Performed POC to integrate customer onboarding process and loan approval process across banking platforms
●Organized and facilitated agile based scrum meetings, which included sprint planning, daily scrums, backlog grooming and sprint review while maintaining active stakeholder participation
Initiatives Undertaken
●Proposed and implemented in house project tracking tool to achieve operational team efficiency.
●Designed customized dashboard for the stakeholders to give insights with respect to progress in work and urgent action items
Technologies/skills - SQL, JIRA, Oracle, Visio, Lucidchart, eBBS, Postman, Data lineage,Kanban, SAFe, SWIFT statements, AML, TFS

Senior Systems Engineer, Infosys, India (Jan’10 – May’13)
CRM, Inventory management Conversion, Pricing Tool Development – USA
●Managed conversion and migration of various modules of Oracle ERP like Inventory, CRM etc from 11i to R12
●Worked on requirement analysis of pricing tool development
●Offshore coordinator to liaise with client for requirement management and UAT
●Created functional and technical documents
●Designed and developed many Performance Measurement Reports using oracle BI that are Dynamic & Interactive with intuitive drilldowns
●Oracle PL/SQL development: creating complex standalone and packaged procedures, functions and triggers, Oracle forms and reports using UNIX Shell Scripting and Pro*C

Certifications

●Certified SAFe Product Owner/Product Manager (6.0)

Accomplishments

●Won client appreciations for work on digital transformation strategy
●Awarded “Future Champ- 2017” in CoreBanking Unit for exemplary performance
●Published white paper at Infosys on recursive algorithm for faster retrieval of records in oracle PL/SQL

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION

oB. Tech. (Computers Science) from Inderprastha Engineering College in 2005- 2009
oMBA from International Management Institute, Delhi, India in 2013-2015
Contact this candidate