Jerome West, MBA, CISSP
Information Security Product Technologist and Strategist
Belmont, MA 617-***-**** ad39oi@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/jerome-west-mba/

PRODUCT MANAGER

Innovative technology and security evangelist with demonstrated success in financial services and information security at industry-leading companies. Developer of security and financial products and solutions based on intense customer focus, from ideation stage and product strategy through solution deployment, change management, and support. Drove significant business results at industry leading F100 firms in insurance, technology, healthcare and defense sectors. Earned MBA degree from Chicago Booth, a top-5 business school. Cross-functional influencer and strategist with exceptional fact-gathering and data communication and visualization skills, with a solid track record of gaining buy-in and alignment from senior leaders.

WORK EXPERIENCE

EQUINIX, Fully Remote, MA 8/2023 – 01/2024
Staff Product Manager
Product management leader supervising the Equinix storage as a service (STaaS) offering. Equinix representative to storage vendors. Responsible for driving Equinix product vision and go-to-market strategy commitments: marketing collateral, sales enablement, pricing and discounting strategy, operations, and engineering.
Initiated customer experience turnaround plan. Diagnosed customer pain points using support conversation text analysis.
Engineered process improvement in product deployment, customer support, support representative training, and triage expertise. Implementation and change management plans were developed as part of the 2024 budgeting and implementation cycle.

DELL TECHNOLOGIES, Hopkinton, MA 01/2018 – 08/2023
Senior Security Product and Compliance Manager
Security leader for VxRail, the market leading (business value of $9B per annum revenue) hyperconverged infrastructure and multi-cloud software product. Led Jira-based product roadmap in Agile development environment
Collaborated closely with financial and military customers to ideate product solutions to address their information security and privacy pain points. Drove solution project management across internal stakeholders, including engineering and support, and partners, such as TUV Nord and VMware. VxRail share grew from 25% in 2018 to 40% in Q2 2022 (IDC).
Led roadmap strategy, product vision, business case development, and provided direction to sales and marketing. Drove estimates of YoY revenue lift derived from security improvements, folded into the annual operating plan. Analysis of Business Intelligence (BI) data to investigate usage patterns and detect security vulnerabilities.
Conducted competitive analysis to determine security certifications and features needed to maintain product leadership position or grow share. Gained $3M investment to obtain Common Criteria EAL 4 certification to serve EU defense sector, growing sales pipeline in excess of $200M. Ensured compliance to industry standards: NIST 800-43, GDPR, STIG, and others

HANOVER INSURANCE, Worcester, MA 08/2016 – 12/2017
Senior Financial Analyst
Financial management of $1.7B personal lines book, including growth and profitability forecasting. Wrote executive-level monthly and quarterly business reporting, including recommendations for pricing and operational expenses.
Provided mentorship, coaching, and direction for junior PL analyst team, took on competitive research SME role to anticipate competitive response and assess market conditions over geographic footprint. Strategic decisions included investing in individual agencies and territories, developing compensation plan to incent target customer segments.
Developed pro-forma financial scenario modeling to support budgeting and strategic decision-making. Operating budget (expense ratio) was decreased by 0.5% following planning cycle. Business analytics to optimize financial performance, including use of financial analytics tools like Oracle Essbase, Oracle Anaplan, PowerBI, DAX, SQL and Excel.

CVS HEALTH, Woonsocket, RI 04/2015 – 8/2016
Product Manager
Innovated and managed outreach services for patients to improve medication adherence.
Conducted opportunity assessment, customer, and pharmacist feedback sessions to drive business requirements,
software development, and ERP. Overall program impacted 90-day script increases by an estimated 2M patients per year.
Forecasted yearly operational plan: enterprise resource planning (ERP), software development, technology implementation, staffing (with Human Resources), vendor expense (with Procurement), and store labor hours. Demonstrated collaboration skills to align finance and executive leadership teams on profit and loss (P&L), with reporting relative to forecast. Optimized business processes and provided quality metrics to Medicare regulators for therapy adherence tracking.

FARMERS INSURANCE, Los Angeles, CA 07/2013 – 04/2015
Product Manager
Owned ~$50M P&L statement for wholesale distribution and manufacturing commercial insurance.
Achieved 8.2% P&L net margin following a turnaround from unprofitability, while growing revenue $2.3M through sales and underwriting initiatives. Optimized Information Technology product interface, implemented efficient business process redesign using lean six-sigma method.
Led product management team assessment of a new-to-industry telematics service for small business. Developed customer requirements based on interviews with users and market research. Selected vendors based on cost metrics and capabilities.

VERIZON WIRELESS, Waltham, MA 01/2012 – 08/2012
Master of Business Administration Strategy Intern
Conducted market and economic research to support turnaround strategy for internet of things (IoT) device revenue shortfall.
Determined new focus markets for business development efforts, increasing revenue by 48% between Q1 and Q2.

GENERAL DYNAMICS, Needham, MA 06/2009 – 06/2011
Senior Systems Engineer
Led testing, design, and deployment of secure network infrastructure to support secure Department of Defense (DoD) encryption. Oversaw customer-facing onsite deployment across US and Global military sites. Practicing shrewd prioritization, delivered cyber security public key infrastructure (PKI) system to DoD ahead of schedule and under budget.

RAYTHEON, Marlborough, MA 02/2005 – 02/2009
Systems Engineer
Supported multiple DoD projects throughout product development lifecycle including requirement development, system architecture, supplier selection, development, testing, installation, operational support, and technical support.

EDUCATION

Master of Business Administration, Int’l Business & Economics, The U. of Chicago, Booth School of Business, Chicago, IL (2013)
Chicago Booth Admissions Fellow, Student Alumni Council, Consulting Club, and Wine Club
Master of Science, Computer Engineering, Boston University, Boston, MA (2005)
Laboratory Manager, Teaching Assistant (Computer Networks), and Student Council Senator (ENG College)
Bachelor of Science, Computer Engineering, Boston University, Boston, MA (2001)

ADDITIONAL

Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP: License is current)
Cubmaster, Boy Scouts of America, Troop 377
Contact this candidate