Surabhi Gholkar
) 732-***-**** Atlanta, GA ad3aem@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/surabhi-gholkar-csm-cspo-75800b176/

PRODUCT OWNER – Project Management Scrum Salesforce
Detail-oriented Product Owner renowned for strong analytical skills and technical abilities in diverse techniques and programs, including Salesforce, Scrum, and Agile, leverage to plan and execute high-level projects to exceed company and clients' goals. Proven track record of surpassing performance targets and client expectations while prioritizing multiple projects and meeting strict deadlines. Respected as an exacting and personable team leader who facilitates communication between various teams and stakeholders to establish concrete requirements and goals and achieve group cohesion and ensure quality and satisfaction. Known for collaborating closely with numerous stakeholders and executive leadership to devise solutions tailored to specific company and program goals. Out-of-the-box thinker committed to overseeing every aspect of project development to provide innovative solutions for a diverse clientele.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Project Manager 2023
United Parcel Services (UPS), Atlanta, GA
oCentral point of contact between the project sponsor and the technical community
oPromoted collaborative relationships between the Business Owners, Product Owners, Domain Architects, and IT Development
oCoordinated with stakeholders, interfacing application, system, and product teams to enable a healthy exchange of information and resource support to drive on time delivery of changes to production.
oFacilitated discussions with impacted application and system teams to gain insight into priority of work and discuss trade off options that might serve to remove resource availability constraints. Key to this process is to know when to escalate to minimize impact to project delivery.
oProvided status reporting to senior management.
oProduct Vision:
oWorked with the project sponsor and stakeholders to ensure that the initiative aligns with the overall product roadmap.
oWorked with the project sponsor and stakeholders to identify and manage a minimum viable product offering.
oGuided teams and facilitated discussions on overall vision for the project.
oCoordination:
oCoordinated project definition based on input from stakeholders.
oCoordinated and reported estimate of cost and duration for a given initiative.
oDrove and supported the sponsor’s intent of the initiative.
oSupported prioritization and tradeoffs of the initiative.
oProvided schedule for key milestones.
oProvided leadership and guidance to stakeholder team to keep Program Milestones on plan.
oSupported and aligned to Agile and/or SAFe Agile methods to drive the way we work and support feature and value delivery.

Salesforce Analyst (Salesforce Development) 2019-2023
eVestment, A Part of Nasdaq, Atlanta, GA
oEntrusted by management and stakeholders to promptly establish actionable product roadmaps.
oServed as liaison with innovators and designers to funnel product development ideas and create a consensus with business development specialists to develop new commercial opportunities.
oConducted data analysis and market research to forecast market conditions and formulate recommendations for product enhancements, sales coverage, market penetration, market practices, and sales trends.
oIdentified promising opportunities to improve productivity, time-to-market, cost-effectiveness, and reduce technical debt for individual products.
oRelied upon to consistently update stakeholders on progress, escalating issues as needed to mitigate disruptions.
oEntrusted to provide consultations for senior leadership and customers around build vs. buy, request for proposals (RFP), and vendor product solutions to tailor solutions that fit customer needs.
oServed as a leader delegating team member, ensuring cohesive teamwork and close collaboration with vendors.
oManaged execution to ensure adherence to technical standards to ensure projects surpassed technology benchmarks and were delivered on schedule and within budget.
oLed workshops and sessions with cross-functional teams to unify efforts, foster relationships, and ensure buy-in.
oRelied upon to evaluate solutions from multiple perspectives to create a multifaceted path toward fully leveraging the team strengths and expertise across cross-functional teams.
oCoordinated preparation for user acceptance testing, demos, and training documentation of new and enhanced software into new products and systems before managing product Go Live activities, runbooks, and post-Go Live support.
Senior Business Analyst 2018 – 2019
McKesson Corporation, Atlanta, GA
oLaunched a flagship medical administration electronic product that featured encounter data processing services (EDPS), automatic electronic payments to providers, and a customizable interface to address the unique requirements of health plan designs and dual eligibility services.
oEstablished productive partnerships with diverse stakeholders, identifying specific client needs to leverage company assets for systems and solutions in meeting business needs.
oLiaised with regulatory SMEs to research how regulation affects products and ensure company protocols adequately accounted for regulatory requirements.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE (continued)
oMaintained and refined product backlog to promote traceability, creating appropriately sized work items on a sprint-by-sprint basis to capture functionality and follow ceremonies within Agile SCRUM methodology using JIRA.
oCollaborated with technical delivery and solution engineering teams to ensure strenuous adherence to details of technical solutions for validating that all predesignated strategic business needs are met before requirements review with stakeholders/
oRecognized as the central lynchpin for product development by providing input into developing new features/release education.
oLed the management of a Traceability Matrix to ensure that tracked Functional Requirements at the Use Case Level as well as the Test Case Level were met in the final end-product.
oDerived requirements for existing systems enhancements through meticulous GAP analysis.
oOversaw Change Management Control process for the projects by facilitating group meetings and one-on-one meetings with work stream owners and coordinators to come to a consensus on change request impacts on timelines and scope.
oEstablished project scope, business objective, feasibilities, and risks based on Scope/Vision documents and consistent communication with stakeholders.
oDesigned Data Flow Diagrams and process diagrams using M.S. Visio to expedite communication.
oGuided QA activities to review and validate test plans, ensuring end result met the specified business requirements.
Senior Business Analyst 2015 – 2018
Group Health Incorporated, New York, NY
oDesigned and launched a HIPAA-compliant web-based healtcare tool re-engineered from legacy database tool that enabled billing functionality and facilitated the creation of standard reports.
oLed preliminary requirement and impact analysis, documenting findings to serve as the basis for production.
oMaintain business requirements and rules as product backlog items (epics, user stories and tasks) within JIRA to ensure a comprehensive strategy
oOversaw full HIPAA compliance lifecycle from initial GAP analysis, mapping, implementation, and testing for processing Medicaid Claims to ensure strict regulatory adherence and optimization.
oAnalyzed EDI transactions X12, 835, and 837 (P.I) to identify key dataset elements for the designated record set, coordinating with Claims, Payments and Enrollment groups to analyze and document related business processes.
oCreated ICD-9-CM/ICD-10-PCS comparison document and dealt with DRGs.
oConducted data mapping analysis between different data models to identify the most functional and adequate models.
oPrepared Business Requirement Documents (BRD's) after collecting Functional Requirements from System Users, serving as the basis for appropriate scope of work for the technical team to develop the prototype and overall system.
oDirected and led JAD sessions to ensure team-wide comprehension of the functional requirement for all the impacting projects and updated documents based on recommendations from different team perspectives.
Additional Experience:
System Business Analyst at Sapid Inc. (2008 – 2010)

EDUCATION
New York Institute of Technology, New York, NY
Master of Science in Electrical and Computer Engineering
University of Mumbai, Mumbai, India
Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics & Telecommunication Engineering
CERTIFICATIONS
Six Sigma Certification
Evestment
Certified Scrum Master
Certified Scrum Product Owner
Scrum Alliance
TECHNOLOGIES & TECHNICAL SKILLS
Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Access, Publisher), JIRA, Confluence, MIRO, Salesforce, PowerBI, Axure, SharePoint, Visio, H.P. Quality Center, H.P. QuickTest Professional, HP SiteScope, HP Unified Functional Testing, H.P. LoadRunner
Contact this candidate