Silicon Institute of Technology,
Sambalpur
Bachelor's Degree in Mechanical
Engineering
2018
CGPA- 6.85
Sushree Institute of Technical
Education, Bolangir
Diploma in Mechanical
Engineering
2015
Percentage- 83.0
Educational Background Work Experience
Product Manager & Mechanical Engineer
MachPhy Solutions Pvt. Ltd., IIT Delhi & Bhubaneshwar June 2019 to Present
Proficiently oversee Designing, Production and R&D departments, detail engineering, manufacturing and feasibility review including idea generation, conceptualization & development for new as well as existing products.
Preparation of CAD drawings & BOM, Deployment of DFMA practices into product designing, ensuring seamless coordination and synergy between among all. Managing end-to-end production and service aspects for diverse projects, demonstrating effective project management skills and a commitment to project excellence. Mechanical Engineer with over 4 years of professional experience in diverse industrial roles, including R&D, Designing, and Product Management. A highly competent communicator adept at multitasking and collaborating effectively with cross-functional teams. Committed to leveraging my skills and expertise to contribute to a company's mission, fostering personal and professional growth and success. Skills
Interpersonal Communication
Skills
Flexibility and Adaptability
Teamwork Skills
Time Management Skills
Multitasking Skills
"Thermoelectric Vaccine Storage & Transport System" -Patent No.: 346710001 Patents
Saswatjit Sahoo
Bhubaneswar, Odisha - 751019
Contact No. 876**-*****
ad3baz@r.postjobfree.com
MECHANICAL ENGINEER
Software Proficiency
SolidWorks
AutoCAD
Piping Engineering
NX (Unigraphics)
Conceptualizing, Designing and Prototyping
Led projects customized and tailored made as per clients requirement. From concepts to final prototyping and production of products, starting with the basic ideas and requirements. Conceptualized, designed, and developed prototypes to meet client needs. Collaborated with prominent clients like Skippy, ZEVO, Zen Mobility etc. Designing and Installation of Customized Cold-rooms Spearheaded the design, development, production and installation of customized Cold rooms and Insulated Bags tailored to specific client needs. Provided cold-room solutions for the storage of food, exotic fruits and vegetables with controlled humidity at ultra-low and high temperatures with backup facility in case of power loss. Benefiting Farmers, Army men and FPOs present at both low and high altitude by giving long-term and large-scale storage options. Facilitated the transportation of critical items such as milk, vaccines, medicines, and biological substances at low temperatures without relying on electricity through customized insulated bags.
Collaborated with prominent clients including DNA Xperts, Core Diagnostics, Nestle, Bagmo, and others
Projects & Work
Hobbies
Theater and Drama
Travelling
A Foodie
Social Work: Active Youth
member and Ex-Bal Vikash
student of Sri Satya Sai Seva
Organisation, Sbp since 2000 English Hindi Odia
Languages
Contact this candidate