Shayna Milstein, M.S.
ad3f90@r.postjobfree.com • 303-***-**** • Denver, CO • https://www.linkedin.com/in/shayna-milstein/ SUMMARY
Experienced Product Manager with degrees in Mathematics and Engineering, offering 4 years of expertise in software and software-enabled product development across both start-ups and global corporations. Proven track record of leading cross-functional teams, driving agile development processes, and delivering impactful, user-centric products. RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
FORMLABS 3D Printing Software and Technology B2B & B2C Medical, Dental, Engineering Somerville, MA Product Manager Nov. 2022 – Oct. 2023
● Led cross-functional teams using scrum agile methodologies to drive development for 5 products, focusing on product specifications, prioritizing feature selection, UI and UX design, stakeholder engagement, and successful Go-to-Market
(GTM) and post-launch strategies.
● Spearheaded the launch of an accessory product, surpassing sales forecasts by 170%, generating $500k in revenue.
● Orchestrated an accelerated 4-week GTM strategy for a core product, where it outperformed set KPIs, restored customer confidence, and positioned the initiative as a potential top revenue driver for 2024.
● Co-led a re-marketing initiative for a product resulting in a 10% increase in sales and $1M+ revenue over 6 months through strategic user data and market analysis, software spec updates, content creation, sales training, and webinars.
● Pioneered the company’s inaugural churn-metric methodology using SQL and devised a proactive strategy to engage and retain at-risk users.
● Led the design and execution of more than 10 user-research initiatives across products. Conducted user interviews to gather insights driving product strategy and feature selection, in addition to utilizing A/B testing, post-ship surveys, and beta programs involving over 300 customers cumulatively. DEPHY, INC. Wearable Robotics Start-up B2B & B2G Medical, Defense Maynard, MA Mechanical Engineer Mar. 2020 – Oct. 2022
● Key facilitator between software, hardware, and controls engineering teams, enabling the successful development of 4 major product lines of mobility, ankle exoskeletons (Exos) in the medical, consumer, academic, and military markets.
● Spearheaded collaboration and development efforts for the medical, rehabilitative Exos that achieved a sales milestone of $600k within the first year.
● Led the production and user testing of Dephy’s consumer, running Exos, exceeding the requirements of a $2M+ contract by beating timelines and pushing technological boundaries.
● Integral to the design and manufacturing of 100 pairs of ruggedized Exos that effectively fulfilled a $1.6M military contract, leading a cross-functional team for nationwide delivery.
● Piloted bi-monthly presentations to communicate the electromechanical design and function of up-coming R&D projects to cross-functional stakeholders across executive leadership, engineering, UX, and business development.
● Managed the product backlog, delegating the work to appropriate team members for quick and efficient development. DASSAULT SYSTÈMES - SOLIDWORKS 3D Design Software B2B Engineering Waltham, MA Product Definition Graduate Intern Sept. 2019 – Mar. 2020
● Liaison between customers and the software developers, converting user feedback into clear, actionable requirements.
● Collaborated cross-functionally to define roadmaps for new software projects, aligning KPIs with user needs and championing customer perspectives across the business.
● Engaged with hundreds of users to refine specifications based on their functionality requests, guiding future software releases.
EDUCATION
Master of Science (M.S.), Mechanical Engineering, Tufts University Research Thesis: A Bio-Informed Mechanical Gripping System for Use in a Climbing Soft Robot Bachelor of Science (B.S.), Mathematics, Loyola University Chicago SKILLS & INTERESTS
Software: Jira, Figma, GitHub, Tableau, Asana, Airtable, Certified Solidworks Professional (CSWP) Programming: BigQuery SQL, C#, Python, Matlab, LaTex Additional Interests: Self employed running coach, ultra trail running, rock climbing, reading
Contact this candidate