Kevin Duffy
ad3gbe@r.postjobfree.com Senior Product Manager, Business Analyst, Product Owner, and Account Executive 248-***-****
Summary: A seasoned Senior Business Analyst and Product Manager with a proven track record in orchestrating success through dynamic team management and strategic product development. Leveraging an extensive background in overseeing multiple development teams, excelling in crafting comprehensive roadmaps that drive the successful delivery of diverse products. Proficient in Agile methodologies, possessing a unique ability to navigate complex projects, steering product from conception to a functional state with precision and efficiency. With a keen eye for detail and a results-driven approach, I stand as a key player in propelling businesses towards innovation and sustainable growth.
WORK EXPERIENCE
VP lead Business Analyst/Product Manager
Ready Price A Situs AMC company 11/2021 – 01/2024
Achievements/Tasks
Run multiple offshore development teams to further develop and modify UI for end users
Work with key stake holders to take ideas and concepts to and through development
Oversee day to day business feedback for overall improvements
Develop pricing engine for wholesale mortgage market
Develop product road map and determine quarterly work intake
Roadmap of competitive landscape
Senior Business Analyst/Product Owner/Product Manager
Quicken Loans
04/2012– 11/2021 Detroit MI Achievements/Tasks
Senior Business Analyst with Rocket Mortgage from inception to launch.
Key member in the development of the pricing engine used to quote clients in real time through the
online mortgage application.
Developed a pricing engine for the reverse wholesale platform for One Reverse Mortgage. Utilized
through Salesforce CRM.
Manage team of engineers in software implementation process for CRM and custom-built pricing engine.
Assist in the development of product road map and determine quarterly implementation plan.
Account Executive
United Wholesale Mortgage
02/2008 – 07/2011 Birmingham MI Achievements/Tasks
Managed existing broker accounts while developing strong working relationships within the broker community.
Set and exceeded monthly performance goals.
Developed additional broker accounts by guiding and educating brokers through government financing
products resulting in a broader base of broker referrals.
Led and mentored new hires and assisted them in developing efficient processes.
Increased revenue in given territory by 77% within the first year.
Personal Banker
JP Morgan Chase Bank
10/2006 – 02/2008 Huntington Woods MI Achievements/Tasks
Developed and expanded relationships with new and existing bank clients.
Achieved top producer in investment product sales for branch.
Recommended and sold appropriate banking products to clients.
Managed and maintained IRA and retirement portfolios, reallocating funds based on customer goals and
objectives.
Education
University of Phoenix 1998-2002 B.S. Marketing
Skills: Banking, Mortgage Pricing, Agile & Waterfall Methodologies, Sales, Mortgage Lending
Contact this candidate