…continued…
Nate Creer DHSc, MBA ad3ged@r.postjobfree.com • LinkedIn
Kaysville, UT 84037 • 801-***-****
Virtual Innovations Leader
Motivated professional with substantial experience in directing all spectrums of digital health and online educational programs/models from inception to execution for enhanced accessibility and care delivery. Proven success in developing, implementing, and monitoring digital health and virtual education programs. A trusted leader skilled in uniting teams around common goals and expected outcomes. Instrumental in promoting advanced technology solutions, creating roadmap presentations, and coordinating with internal/external stakeholders. Adept at identifying clinical care challenges and creating virtual care and virtual reality skills training programs. Accomplishments
● Appeared as guest speaker at Argentina Digital Healthcare Conference in 2020.
● Steered development of innovative health services, including TeleNICU Service, Med Pic App, Inpatient Specialty COVID Consults, and centralized TeleHub model, fostering digital patient care programs to more than 455k encounters annually.
Career Experience
Chief Operating Officer, Latinos in Action, Salt Lake City, UT – (Remote) 2023 – Present Leading a remotely distributed nationwide virtual team of educators and staff focused on an asset-based approach to bridging the graduation and opportunity gap for Latino students, working from within the educational system to create positive change. The end goal is to empower Latino youth and their families to lead and strengthen communities through college and career readiness. This is accomplished by focusing on four pillars: leveraging personal and cultural assets, excelling in education, serving the community, and developing leadership skills.
● Lead the operations of educators in 15 states, 69 + school districts and college campus, infused in to 400 + classrooms. Impacting 10 K + students and families.
● Micro credentials curriculum designer to help strength the workforce pipeline through a tailored learning experience to prepare students for careers in the healthcare industry and other in demand fields. Director of Operations, Nightingale Solutions, Salt Lake City, UT – (Remote) Jan 2023 – Sept 2023 Supported healthcare industry partners through the development of technology solutions designed to support the improvement of team functionality in the clinical setting. Worked directly with leaders to build systems that solve problems, enhance care delivery and skills training using virtual reality technologies. Analyzed complex challenges and provided recommended improvements utilizing quantitative data while fostering deep long term professional relationships.
● Served as healthcare operations and new technology consultant with healthcare employers and clinical partners who are part of the Nightingale Network.
Digital Strategy Product Manager - Contract, Sharp Healthcare, San Diego, CA – (Remote) 2022 – 2023 Promoted front door solutions by devising effective technology tactics as product manager of digital strategy EPIC implementation. Coordinated with product managers and EPIC implementation teams to build presentations for roadmap recommendations. Analyzed patient access problems by utilizing patient experience and health system data. Telehealth Product Manager, University of Utah Health, Salt Lake City, UT – (Hybrid) 2018 – 2022 Supported development, expansion, and execution of digital health services by improving guided steps designed as part of annual hospital road map for health system. Promoted advanced technologies to ensure effective virtual care.
● Enhanced care accessibility and fostered partnerships with hospital leaders in a six-state region by implementing rural outreach and urban digital health strategies.
● Designed and executed the technology overlay used by clinical teams of University of Utah Health, focusing on the end user, while ensuring the highest level of efficiency and quality care.
● Worked with cross functional Leaders from Information Technology to the Patient Experience Teams on the development of patient centric programs, while maintaining an strong focus on innovation.
● Designed first-ever TeleNICU program, Med Pic App, and virtual ambulatory care solutions.
● Acted as subject matter expert on legislation enacted by Utah State Legislature, requiring equal payment and coverage for telehealth services.
Clinical Services Manager, Interactive Care, Salt Lake City, UT 2017 – 2018 Streamlined operations by overseeing staff and day-to-day activities. Collaborated with Sorenson Communications developers to design, conceptualize, and deploy new telehealth service line. Planned and supervised user experience for virtual home care program.
● Coordinated with seniors to secure 2K digital touch points in six care facilities in only seven months. MountainStar Hospital Division Director, Hospital Corporation of America, Salt Lake City, UT 2013 – 2017 Directed centralized clinical teams for in-and-out bound patient transfers, as well as centralized virtual care crisis team to provide virtual emergency mental healthcare.
● Formulated and operationalized TeleBehavioral health and TeleNeurology service lines, with clinical teams completing over 500+ virtual assessments monthly in Utah, Idaho, and Alaska. Education
Doctor of Management in Healthcare Leadership
Colorado Technical University
Master of Business Administration in Healthcare Management Western Governors University
Master of Business Administration in IT Management Western Governors University
Bachelor of Arts in Education
University of Utah
Affiliations
American Hospital Association, Member
U of U Health MHAO Program, Former Faculty Member
Telehealth Modalities Course, Curriculum Designer & Instructor Center for Telehealth and eHealth Law (CTeL), Member Utah Parents of Blind Children, Board Member / State Treasurer / Leadership Trained Doctoral Study Publication: Understanding Perceptions of New Technology Adoption Among Registered Nurses Working in Academic Medical Centers. Link: ProQuest Publication Research Dr. Nathan Creer 2022
Contact this candidate