JAYAMEDHA, CSPO, Certified Software Quality Manager
470-***-**** ad3i8h@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/jayamedha-cspo-certified-software-quality-manager-651407233/

Professional Summary
Certified CSPO, CSQM, ISTQB, and PMP with experience starting from Software Testing, Project management, and Product Ownership.
11 years of experience in handling Agile/Scrum projects.
Systematic Product Owner with a detail-oriented and thorough approach to defining requirements
outlining specifications, and working with team members to bring to life high-quality products for customers. Good planner and problem-solver with an in-depth understanding of e-Commerce, Gaming, and Design products.
Well-versed with SAP, ORACLE, and SALESFORCE technologies projects.
Expertise in handling the Stakeholders and providing bug-free products to the client.
Expertise in handling Scrum teams.

Skills
Product Management Functional and Business Requirements
Agile Framework Creating Product Backlogs
User Acceptance Testing (UAT) Defining Acceptance Criteria and DOD
Test Planning Regression Testing

Technologies & Tools
ORACLE APEX, SAP, SALESFORCE, API, REST, SELENIUM, JIRA, TESTRAIL, ASANA, MS PROJECT

Work history
QA Engineer & Product Owner - ICrush Technologies, USA from Feb 2022 to till date.

Project -7
COAM
Client
Infinity Amusement
Duration
Mar 2022 - Current
Environment
Oracle ERP, Machine Testing, JIRA, Testrail, Asana
Role
QA & Product Owner
Collaborate with prospective users and clients to understand and anticipate their needs and translate them into product requirements
Created and achieved product quality objectives and met product specifications.
Creating and managing the product backlog and prioritizing based on changing requirements.
Participate in Scrum meetings and product sprints
Oversee all stages of product creation including design and development.
Develop user stories and define acceptance criteria and DoD.
Monitor and evaluate product progress at each stage of the process
Fixed identified issues to improve workflows.
Maintained knowledge of regulatory requirements from accrediting bodies and federal, state, and local requirements.
Overseeing onsite testing for customers to meet project specifications.
Worked with internal and external stakeholders to communicate on product plan and gather feedback
Setting the Sprint goals and Planning the release goals and schedules.

Quality Assurance Manager - Jigya Software Services, USA from Mar 2020 – Feb 2022

Project
Design Schedule, DSS/DSE
Client
Earth Elements, USA
Duration
Mar 2020 – Feb 2022
Environment
Salesforce CRM, JIRA, Mobile Simulator, Google, Notepad++, Windows, JMeter, Selenium

Managed a team of 14 Team members
Work on Salesforce Testing, Salesforce Configuration, Customization, Salesforce Integration, Sales-Service Cloud Salesforce Automation.
Thorough API testing using RESTful web services
Design and support external communication systems and software integration Testing using Avalara, Charge Bee
Perform Quality Assurance (QA): This includes Core and ‘End to End testing including testing with other boundary applications like Salesforce Cloud - ERP
Create and execute test cases, conduct SIT (System Integration Testing), UAT (User Acceptance Testing) & BAT (Business Acceptance Testing), and other testing as required, and identify any faults or defects in the solution.
Manage defects in Testrail Application. Work on the defects and issues to fix and further enhance the solution.
Conduct Unit testing, End to End testing, User Acceptance Testing, Business Acceptance Testing, Cut-over & Go-Live.
Communicate key insights and findings to management and Business user teams. Help design, document, and maintain Quality Assurance SOP
Creating Project Progress through ASANA
Updating and Creating bug tickets using JIRA

QA Engineer – TechDenali, USA from Apr 2019 – Mar 2020

Projects
DTFO, CASEYS
Client
Direct Tools, USA, Caseys, USA
Duration
Apr 2019 – Mar 2020
Environment
SAP-HYBRIS 1811-Smart Edit, PCM, Back office, CSA, Warehouse cockpits, JIRA, Mobile Simulator, Google, Notepad++, Windows, JMeter, Selenium

API Testing through POSTMAN, REST
Understanding the business requirements and Preparing Test Cases, Test Scripts, and Test Data as per business requirements
Good Understanding of Hybris back-end systems like HMC, HAC, CMS Cockpit, CS Cockpit, Warehouse Cockpit
Testing Integration scenarios of Hybris with SAP ECC/CRM
Testing the functionality of the web application by Agile methodology
Performing Flexible search queries in HAC to check the data
Performing JMeter Testing for Load and Performance tests of the web application
Making necessary configurations in the back-office to validate the functionality of the web application
Creating and managing promotions, orders, users, and content
Making UI Changes and executing test cases by making changes from Backoffice Administration and Smart Edit
Testing website visibility, content and changing product images through Smart Edit
Defect tracking and follow-up with developers
Helping developers by making necessary changes from the back-office to reduce bugs
Performing Regression Testing in each release
Evaluated and documented actual test results against expected results
Sharing and reporting project progress to Project Team
Completed regression, positive, negative, and functional testing to produce a bug-free product.
Provide post-production support & fix any defects in the solution using Testrail software after the Go-Live.

Software QA Engineer - Jigya Software Services from Jan 2010 – Mar 2017

Project
MANTHAN
Client
Infinity Solutions, USA `
Duration
May 2010 – Mar 2017
Environment
.Net, SQL, JIRA, Mobile Simulator, Google, Notepad++, Windows
Role
Testing Engineer

Developed and executed QA test cases, scripts, and procedures for automated software maintenance.
Resolved technical issues and forecasted troubleshooting complications during software trials.
» Preparing Test Cases, Test Scripts, and Test Data as per business requirements
» Testing the functionality of the web application.
» Defect tracking and follow up with developers.
» Helping developers by making necessary changes from the back-office to reduce bugs.
Performing Regression Testing in each release
Performing Database testing.
Performing Regression testing.
API Testing through POSTMAN, REST & SOAP.
Evaluated and documented actual test results against expected results.
Sharing and reporting project progress to Project Team
Managing failure analysis, preventive, predictive & breakdown reports for minimizing downtimes by providing quick turnaround responses & efficient solutions

Education
Master of Computer Applications (MCA) from Osmania University – 2002 to 2005
Bachelor of Computer Applications (BCA) from Osmania University - 1998 to 2001

Awards
Best Manager of the Year - 2020
Best Employee of the Year - 2015

JAYAMEDHA
Contact this candidate