My secret sauce.
by Bryan Dorsey Product Designer

1993
In art school, I had an idea that sparked a multidisciplinary design team across three majors: graphics, photography, and product design. We shipped an interactive kiosk that redefined Artcenter's Unique Selling Proposition and won the first-ever Clio Award for interactive media. The installation closed 500k in sponsored projects for the school from the LA County Museum of Art and Silicon Graphics. It was my first side hustle.
—
ArtCenter College
of Design (1990-1993) Graphics & Packaging Design. (BFA)

• Communication Skills
• Visual Design
• Team Collaboration
—
1999
We started an interactive firm tallying up 25 interactive design awards. Being a founder allowed me to stick with my gut, leading to a pivotal experience early in my design career. I resold an award-winning interface I shipped for the launch of the Next Generation E-Class to Disney Consumer Products for the exact budget Mercedes-Benz paid to create it. It was like passive income. I had shipped my first UI product.

The bubble burst! We had to close our doors. I was managing five design teams at the time. It was the most challenging business lesson ever. Luckily, a client or two decided to stay with me, working remotely.
—
Clients: Disney, Florida Department of Health, Imagine Television, Káhlua, Mercedes-Benz, Pioneer, Nestle, Tetra-Pak Nike, and the US Senior Open.

• Leadership Skills
• Team Building
• Information Architecture
• User-Centered Design
• Public Speaking
—
2003-2014
I kept my thumb on the pulse of what my clients sought and fine-tuned how I worked with and managed developers. At this time, I discovered the fine art of managing stakeholders' expectations.

I also self-funded two products, Flip Motion™, an action-sports pay-per-view service, and Work Food Out™, a food accountability assistant (saas). I got a taste and new respect for what it's like to be a client.
—
Servicing: Alpinestars, Boeing Business Jets, Champion Paper, Decore, and the Natural Gourmet Institute (Manhattan).

• Strategic Planning
• Project Management
• Stakeholder Management
—
2017-forever
I joined a local Fintech company and then a public utility, doing UX research, wire-framing, and user interface design (UI). Feeling under-utilized, I envisioned inventing a consumer-packaged good. I tested out potential recipes, did customer research, and launched Danger Snacks.

I sell my spicy hard candies on Shopify, available in eight variants. The experience has changed how I view and design sales funnels. It’s a self-taught undergrad degree in B2C eCommerce and digital marketing.
—
UX Designer at Green Dot (2018-2020) SoCal Edison (2020-2021). I launched my eCommerce Store (2017): dangersnacks.com

• Customer Journey
• Problem Solving
• Agile Methodology
• Figma
—
2021 to today
Now, I’m a full-time UX Designer at American Family Insurance. I focus on two initiatives. A customer service upsell/cross-sell web app that’s generated $25M in revenue to date. And the rethinking and improved conversion for our billing & payment flows. I lead user experience for web, Android, and iOS apps, which process 20k+ payments per month.

Reflecting on my journey, it’s important I team up with a like-minded product-driven team in a culture that aligns with my core values.
—
My secret sauce is my experience managing and shipping products and my ability to visualize, think, and design the big picture.
—

bryandorsey.com
ad3jyb@r.postjobfree.com
626-***-****
Contact this candidate