KENNETH JOHNSON
Nashville, TN 469-***-**** ad3nyt@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn
SUMMARY
Strategic leader and product manager with 6 years of experience and a history of growing revenue and raising venture capital. Looking to continue supporting growth-stage companies and clients and driving success. WORK EXPERIENCE
Product Manager, SaaS Protection 2021 - Present
Datto Inc Remote
● Led a high-performing team in resolving complex customer challenges, ensuring client values and needs are met, and reducing their costs and increasing profit margins.
● Improved customer retention and increased acquisition for a multimillion-dollar business unit.
● Implemented customer-facing solutions, such as launching a report which reduced support inquiries by 27% and addressed a major customer pain point.
● Drove growth by launching a public API, leading to a 10% increase in cross-product integrations and a 25% average increase in cross-sell opportunities per product. Head of Product 2019 - 2021
VOne Inc Los Angeles, CA
● Spearheaded the successful launch of a revolutionary no code platform, driving 3x growth in user base and revenue over 2 years, and securing the prestigious Product of the Year award on ProductHunt in 2020.
● Increased revenue by 50%, developing strategic paywalls on key areas and ensuring customer retention.
● Reduced time-to-market for bug fixes/tech debt 20% by using a CI/CD program, configuring automations with Github and hiring a Quality Engineer to maintain the program.
● Achieved a 43% growth in new product users by leveraging innovative customer acquisition strategies with 3rd party integrations like Airtable, Stripe, and Webflow. Founder Head of Product 2017 - 2019
RaiderDigital Lubbock, TX
● Founded and spearheaded the growth of a successful web design and digital marketing studio, achieving
$60k in ARR through creative branding and animated videos.
● Implemented a strategic approach, leveraging branded animated Youtube videos to boost sales by 2x and improve rankings on Google for competitive keywords.
● Developed a rebranding strategy that increased website traffic by 19% by aligning the company name with the most popular search phrase.
EDUCATION
Texas Tech University Lubbock, TX
Coursework, Business Administration
SKILLS
Specialties: Roadmap Planning, Product Vision, Prioritization, Client/Customer Success, Product Launches and Rebranding, Marketing
Software: G-Suite, M365
Interests: User Centric Products, SaaS, eCommerce
Contact this candidate