Jessica Seefeld
Product Manager Product Marketing Manager Project Manager
CONTACT
402-***-****
ad3nlv@r.postjobfree.com
SKILLS
Product Strategy
Agile Methodologies
Communication
Collaboration
Microsoft Excel,
PowerPoint, Word
EDUCATION
University of Nebraska-
Omaha
2006-2010
BA in Business
Administration, Marketing
PROFILE
Product Management professional with 5+ years of experience in product strategy including filling the pipeline, testing products, developing, and executing launch and marketing strategy for new products as well as product line extensions, optimizations, and renovation. Experienced agile and collaborative leader, specializing in cross- functional product development, keeping team aligned to our big picture goals as product champion. Strong communication skills interacting with all levels of company organization to generate buy-in for market solutions. EXPERIENCE
Product Manager, Supportworks
January 2021 – January 2024
Lead product portfolio in identifying, developing, testing, and delivering new and related product lines to expand market and increase profitability. Lead product strategy initiatives and collaborated with cross-functional teams to grow product adoption. Moved projects through the pipeline in a timely manner, evaluating against key success criteria and recommending appropriate launch strategy. Evaluated the performance of current products to ensure they meet customer needs. Provide technical assistance, training, and product support. Product Manager / Product Marketing Manager, Conductix-Wampfler March 2018 – December 2020
Developed new product marketing strategy and created new product media planning strategy. Lead marketing sprints for all new products and collaborated on the launch of new products. Conducted market research for new product development and product innovation. Created personas and user stories for target audience profiles. Created, promoted, hosted, and executed multiple new product webinars. Created and managed Amazon storefront and product promotion strategy. Executed new product email marketing campaigns. Collaborated with Global Marketing and Product Management teams to develop and promote new products. Engineered Product Specialist, Conductix-Wampfler
May 2013 – March 2018
Developed and implemented expertise in the most complex applications for assigned products and markets. Worked with Product Management to address customer needs and develop necessary sales support tools. Determined specifications, developed quotations, and provided technical documents to customers. Primary contact for Outside Sales as product expert for applications.
Contact this candidate