SYED KAMRUL ISLAM

***-** ** ***** • Queens, NY 11435 • 347-***-**** • ad3on4@r.postjobfree.com

Technical Product Manager

Customer-centric and results-oriented Senior Technical Product Manager with eleven years of experience in the software and technology industry. Seven years of hands-on experience building, scaling, and managing D2C, B2B & and B2C Fintech software, SaaS software, and APIs.

- Core Competencies -
● Product Vision, Strategy
● Market Research & Competitive Analysis
●
Product Roadmaps
● Writing requirements/user stories

●
A/B Testing
● Data Analysis & UX design

●
Product design
● Product Life cycle management

Objective

Experienced product management leader looking for a Technical Product Manager role to create revolutionary products that customers love and drive high business growth.

Professional Experience

Date: September 2022- Present
Company Name: Blackhawk Network
Title: Senior Technical Product Manager
Queens, New York

Product: OC Platform (Order & Fulfillment) and Order Management System

●Led a cross-functional team (Engineers, UX designers, data scientists, QA) to identify customer pain points for the OC platform, performed A/B testing, and rolled out an IID Substitution feature resulting in getting back 25% of lost revenue.

●Ran the entire product lifecycle from ideation to release to build the new Order Management System for the e-commerce site giftcards.com, resulting in a 20% reduction in customer waiting time to fulfill orders.

●Conduct Market research, market analysis, and customer interviews to understand customer and partner needs and pain points.

●Led product experimentation initiatives, analyzing outcomes to optimize product impact.

●Define product fulfillment strategy and product vision, and create a long-term roadmap based on qualitative and quantitative data.

●Translate the Product Roadmap to the Product Backlog and write business/technical requirements (Epics, user stories) based on stakeholders' requirements, technical partners' requirements, and customer feedback.

●Developed and executed the new order management system API marketplace strategy that increased giftcards.com revenue by 15%

●Improved the new OMS API’s developer experience by integrating user feedback and reduced API errors by 20%

●Partnered with the Sales and marketing team to create effective go-to-market launch plans, facilitating the successful launch of the OMS platform for giftcards.com, saving 1.3 million in development and maintenance costs.

●Established and monitored crucial performance metrics such as conversion rate, shopping cart abundance rate, etc. leading to a 15% enhancement in overall product achievement and a 20% boost in revenue.

Key Achievement

●Implemented IID Substitution, boosting OC revenue by $1.2 - $1.5 million and reducing out-of-delivery responses by 20%.

●The direct-to-consumer conversion rate for giftcards.com increased from 4.1% to 5.3% after implementing the OMS platform as it generates data on customer behavior that was used to optimize the site’s design, layout, and user experience.

●The OMS platform effectively consolidated various order management systems, resulting in a cost-saving of 1.5 million for the company.

Date: May 2018- September 2022
Company Name: SITA
Title: Senior Technical Product Manager & Scrum Master
Bohemia, New York

Product: Collaborative Decision-Making & Transit

●Drive product development with 12+ engineers and designers to implement SaaS-based new CDM solutions to different airports in Europe and North America to reduce airline traffic jams by 25%

●Develop Product vision, roadmap and defining features, business opportunities & and go-to-market product strategies for the new CDM Product solution with the refined departure sequencing algorithm for the aircraft and better-on-time performance OTP.

●Partner with GEO sales and other product teams to promote client engagement via conferences and demos for the new CDM product.

●Design and conduct research and market analysis to better understand CDM customers.

●Capture and translate customer business needs into technical requirements for the new CDM product for European and North American markets working with global delivery teams.

●Rebuild CDM product as collaboration as a service using DevOps methodology to drive the development team to implement a better-on-time performance (OTP) Algorithm and using ML model for the departing sequence to save the airlines 7% of their fuel cost in the last 18 months (about one and a half years).

●Building and managing APIs for Transit products and creating API strategy.

●Facilitate daily Scrums, Sprint Planning Meetings, Sprint Reviews, and Retros.

●Develop supporting new CDM product materials for sales, clients, and other business partners.

●Partner with Commercialization and SITA Marketing department on new CDM Product commercialization and strategy

●Successfully relaunched the CDM solution for Airports in Europe saving 6.0% taxi minutes, and 5.5% less fuel burned during taxi.

Key Achievement

●CDM's current Pipeline grows from $ 1.5 M to $ 5M.

●The new CDM solution increased the company’s revenue by 10%

Date: June 2016- January 2018
Company Name: Bank of America
Title: Senior Technical Product/Program Manager
Pennington, New Jersey

Product: SDLC Automation

●Led 9+ engineers to automate CI/CD, Environment management, and Data provisioning to increase developer productivity by 15% and reduce the overall cost of delivery.

●Developed product vision, product roadmap, and product strategy for the SDLC Automation product that reduces manual steps in the delivery process and increases the predictability of releases /environments.

●Interview internal clients to understand their needs gather requirements and prioritize them.

●Drive release planning and release roadmap for the SDLC Automation product.

●Partnering with the development team to implement the DevOps strategy to automate the software release calendar, reducing the release duration time.

●Working closely with the SDLC Automation scrum team(s) daily to execute incremental development, scrub the product backlog, manage user stories, set priorities, facilitate team stand-ups, address development queries, validate the team output, and demo the work done by the team.

●SDLC Automation product increased by 20% Developer’s Productivity by reducing delays related to waiting for environments.

●Launching SDLC Automation helps with 25% automation of manual tasks for developers and testers.

Key Achievement

●Large-scale release duration reduced from 240 days to 7 days.

●Reduced the overall cost of delivery by 20% while maintaining quality.

Date: January 2016 - June 2016
Company Name: Apex Systems
Client: BBVA Compass Bank
Title: Technical PM/Scrum Master
Jersey City, NJ/ Birmingham, AL

Project/Product: OAO Credit Card, Loans, and Deposits project

●Working with the Product owner and the development team for product vision, product roadmap, and MVP planning
●Facilitated Scrum ceremonies (grooming, sprint planning, retrospectives, daily stand-ups, etc.)

●Enabled a collaborative environment, removed the Scrum team's impediments, empowered the team, introduced best practices, and managed release planning.

●Empowered teams to self-organize and grow cross-functionality.

●The protected team from over-commitment managed backlog, prioritized the resolution of defects/bugs, helped the team meet service level objectives.

●Helping scrum teams with mobile application development and mobile application testing.

●Drove release roadmap and release planning activities.
●Implement continuous integration and test-drive development approaches within the Scrum teams.

Date: September 2015- December 2015
Company Name: Ettain Group Inc.
Client: Cisco Systems
Title: IT Program Manager
Raleigh, NC

Project: ASR9K

●Working with the product manager for product vision and product roadmap.
●Facilitated MVP planning meeting.
●Transitioned teams to the Scrum framework.

●Helped team members identify obstacles and action plans for their resolution.

●Worked closely with Product Owners and the Scrum team to facilitate the planning, review, and retrospective meetings, and to develop the release plan.

●Worked closely with the clients to define and implement technical features complimenting user stories.
●Train Scrum teams within the organization

EDUCATION

MS in Computer Information System

Boston University, Boston, MA

BSC in Computer Science

University of New Brunswick, Fredericton, NB, Canada

TECHNICAL SKILLS & CERTIFICATIONS

Certification: Certified Product Owner (CSPO), SAFe Agilist

Programming Language: Python, Java, C++, C, and SQL

Tools: Azure DevOps, Rally, JIRA, Miro, Lucid chart, MS Visio, and MS Project
Contact this candidate