Rockwell Scharer

**** *. ******** ****** *** **1, Los Angeles, CA 90028 310-***-**** ad3q4g@r.postjobfree.com

Executive Summary

As a business leader and innovative pioneer in the digital engagement space, I bring a record of success engineering innovative products such as live-streaming solutions with real-time Chroma key background replacement in broadcast quality. As a former coder I’ve demonstrated a proven record of success implementing digital asset management products online and on mobile devices. I bring a record of success and expertise with a range of companies, from my extensive background working with industry leaders in the large studio entertainment industry to building software for the Space Shuttle, I have excelled at adopting technological innovation and leveraging dynamic market trends to create dominant business models. Throughout my career, I have established an excellent track record of developing revenue-generating and growth-producing programs within content creation and broadcasting in the entertainment space. I have been able to successfully combine my software application development skills in media with my business background with my deep technological understanding of how to leverage smart devices to capture and live-stream content—a key reason behind my ability to advance digital product strategies, engage and retain users, and create a foundation for the future of content delivery. My career has consistently evolved by using creativity and innovation as the foundation for success. I’m a pioneer in building tools that enable users to do location shooting at home or office on smart devices to capture or live-stream content over content delivery networks.

Skills and Expertise

Digital Media
Content Creation & Delivery
Product Innovation
Go-To-Market Strategy
Business Development
Partnerships & Sponsorships
International Operations Negotiation & Closing Stakeholder Relations
Business & Operations Leadership
SAP Business Objects
Expert Pro Tools Engineer
Asana/Wrike/Jira
Product Management & Development
Process Improvement
Efficiency & Cost Control
Change Management
Mergers and Acquisition
Research & Data Analytics
Management
Strategic Thinking
Planning & Execution
FAST Channels
Advanced Technologies
Diversity and Inclusion
Video Production
Global Virtual Teams
Hiring Top Talent
Team Building/On & Offshore
Key Relationship Management
Cross-Functional Teams
Fundraising
Self-Awareness
Communication & Messaging
Speaking & Presentation
Workday/Infor Financials

Professional Experience

DROPKEY, North Hollywood, CA December 2019 - Present
Chief Product Officer
Pioneered the development and implementation of a next-generation content creator ecosystem that drove increased engagement and revenue growth for Dropkey. Recruited and managed Academy, Emmy and Edison award-winning designers, consultants, engineers, grips, gaffers, prototypers, Flutter and Unity programmers, iOS, Android and WordPress programmers, both onshore and offshore. Collaborated with cross-functional

teams to ensure that all tools we developed aligned with business objectives, brand quality and contributed to a consistent and cohesive user experience. Led a team onshore and offshore content creators, developers, editors, and social media specialists to produce high-quality content across multiple channels, including the company blog, social media platforms, and email marketing campaigns, resulting in a significant increase in brand awareness and customer engagement.

WALT DISNEY STUDIOS, Burbank, CA November 2018 – December 2019
Executive M&A Consultant
Consultant responsible for the acquisition of 20th Century Fox. Responsible for Change Management and the implementation on Workday HCM to add 15,000 employees to the financial system. A strategic consultant with a proven track record of conducting in-depth research and analysis to inform strategic decision-making for clients. I possess the expertise to develop actionable recommendations and present findings effectively through reports, presentations, and in-person meetings. Demonstrates strong collaboration skills, working seamlessly with cross-functional teams, including senior-level executives, industry experts, and project managers, to deliver high-quality client service. Exhibits exceptional project management skills, effectively managing timelines, budgets, and resources to ensure timely delivery and client satisfaction. Cultivates and maintains strong client relationships, identifying new business opportunities and expanding my Consulting practice in the market.

LIVE NATION ENTERTAINMENT GLOBAL TECHNOLOGIES March 2017 - October 2018
Hollywood, CA
Executive Consultant
Technical consultant that demonstrated a proven track record of success in leading and managing all aspects of migrating legacy applications to cloud-based technology. Responsible for the implementation and upgrade of the Advanced Business Integrators (ABI) labor-tracking software at one hundred clubs, theaters and amphitheaters across the country. Key leader in transforming global IT infrastructure from a legacy team to a PMO with best practices, reducing time to market and increasing operational efficiencies. Used Wrike and Asana project management software. Managed SAP Concur Travel and Expense global software implementation with American Express, including managing several offshore teams, building SAP GL interfaces with reconciliation reporting using enhanced Premier Insights report writing tool to detect leakage for out of policy T&E, and providing executives a way to manage and optimize global spend for Global Procurement.

NBC UNIVERSAL MEDIA, Universal City, CA January 2015 – March 2017
Executive Consultant
Senior Program Manager for NBC Universal Media Corporate Unified Communications. Led cross-functional team of in-house Analysts, Technical Specialists, third party Developers and QA Analysts to successfully implement two large Human Capital projects to completion: a) SumTotal HR Performance Management and b) PageUp Employee Application Management Tracking System. Converted waterfall projects to hybrid Agile Scrum methodology, responsible for writing Epics and Stories, effectively used SharePoint Enterprise project management tool to develop project plans, track, and report project status. Used ServiceNow to provide support. Mitigated Project conflicts using Agile Methodology (acted as certified Scrum Product Owner and Scrum Master) effectively championing stakeholder goals for multiple concurrent projects. Chaired multi-functional teams including design and technical development teams overseas.

OCEAN PACIFIC COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE, Los Angeles, CA January 2002 – December 2006
Founder, California Real Estate Broker
Real Estate Broker responsible for construction loans for major builders in Venice and Santa Monica, CA. Demonstrated ability to close difficult loans working with construction lenders and builders to create value while enhancing and increasing the company’s brokerage practice to residential and commercial loans.

DIVERSIFIED TELCOM, Los Angeles, CA January 1990 – December 2014
Founder, Executive Consultant, President
Launched and led Software Applications Engineering Firm to implement and integrate all components of large-scale complex Financial Applications (Workday, Geac, Infor, SAP) and ERP Business Systems for Fortune 500 clients. Considered the leading financial software SME architect in the country for McCormack and Dodge, Dun and Bradstreet Software, GEAC M-Series software, INFOR with conversions to Oracle, Peoplesoft and SAP. Managed 26 full SDLC project lifecycles to completion at Fortune 500 companies while cutting programming and administration costs an average of 30% by negotiating pricing and fees while ensuring the continuation and enhancements of services. Championed use of User feedback in program improvements, resulting in 50% boost in customer satisfaction ratings. Proactive Project Manager liaison between C-Level leaders to integrate or implement all Accounting Systems Modules: Workday HCM, General Ledger, Accounts Payable, HR, Accounts Receivable, Capital Projects, Fixed Assets, Custom Reporting, Government Reporting, Y2k Upgrades, Annual Software Upgrades, Custom Interfaces and Screens. Successfully Managed IT projects in large and small company environments with budgets of $1M - $25M leading teams of 5-75 programmers and designers, and up to 400 users. Data Migration Specialist in all financial applications AP, GL, HCM, Payroll, CP, FA, and Supply Chain Management Conversions to/from: Infor to Oracle, SAP, Workday, Siebel, PeopleSoft, Lawson (CRM, SCM, SAP).

DIVERSIFIED TELCOM CLIENTS:

PARAMOUNT PICTURES, Los Angeles, CA January 1990 – December 1992
Executive Consultant, Creative Affairs
Successful Program Manager and SME implementation consultant responsible for the implementation of all six GEAC/INFOR Applications for Creative Affairs, leading five teams of four Systems Programmers with 100+ Users. Applications included GEAC A/P, DAM, Capital Projects, Fixed Assets and Frontline with Java GUI. Saved millions of dollars by creating an A/P to C/P interface to track capital project expenses to benefit from Section 179 of the IRS code, enabling the company to write off interest expense while producing movies prior to becoming an asset.

ROCKWELL INTERNATIONAL, Garden Grove, CA
Executive Consultant
Senior Program Manager implementing the cost tracking systems for the Space Shuttle.

TRI-CON (YUM Brands), Louisville, KY
Technical /Applications Project Manager - PepsiCo/Taco Bell/KFC

MT SINAI – NYU MEDICAL CENTER MERGER, New York, NY
Executive M&A Consultant
Technical Project Manager responsible for M&A IT architecture and Y2k Platform upgrade, (five-year project, GEAC-SAP)

INGRAM ENTERTAINMENT, Nashville, TN
Executive Consultant

GTE CELLULAR COMMUNICATIONS, Atlanta, GA
Executive Consultant

SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY, Scotts Valley, CA
Technical Business Analyst (SAP)

SMITHKLINE BEECHAM CONSUMER BRANDS, Pittsburgh, PA
Technical and Applications Project Manager

COLDWELL BANKER (CBRE), Laguna Hills, CA
Business Systems Analyst (PeopleSoft)

Education

University of Oregon Charles Lundquist School of Business
Bachelor of Science in Finance/Accounting

University of California, Los Angeles
Master’s Mentorship, Creative Writing (2010) with Lynn Hightower, Best-selling Author

Honors, Certificates and Affiliations

Edison Award Recipient for Best Digital Media Product Innovation in Media for DropKey (2019)

Certified Scrum Master, Product Owner and Fundamentals

Patents, Publications, Media and Recording Industry

Video Streaming and Capture Patent (Issued): Portable Chroma key Compositing and Lighting Adjustment System

Video Asset Management System (Pending): Media Compositing, Communication and Management System

Top Forty Recording Artist: Earned a top 40 single while releasing four pop albums between 2000-2018

Published Author – two fictional novels published by Franchise Media Group
Contact this candidate