David Huskisson
Minneapolis, MN 612-***-**** ad3tj1@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/dhuskiss/
DIRECTOR OF PRODUCT MANAGEMENT
●Disciplined Product manager and solutions expert with 20+ years' experience in building highly differentiated technology architecture to solve the most complex customer challenges.
●Recognized for consistently surpassing revenue targets through leadership of high performing cross-functional teams and cultivating strong relationships with key stakeholders.
●Authority on managing projects and programs, driving prioritization, new product launches and developing strategies to drive growth through innovative Go-To-Market (GTM) approaches.
●Subject matter expert in Enterprise Data Protection, Resiliency, Availability, Cloud and Cybersecurity markets and the associated business and technology.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Director of Product Management Pure Storage Minnesota, MN Oct 2018 – Aug 2023
Spearheaded the creation of a $300M Flash Data Protection business by seamlessly collaborating across cross-functional teams, including Sales, Solutions Engineering, Enablement, Marketing, and Technical Alliances.
●Strategically positioned Pure Storage as a market leader with a competitive edge by identifying and delivering groundbreaking solutions such as Rapid Restore, Ransomware Mitigation, Kubernetes Protection, Enterprise Resiliency & Enterprise Analytics.
●Delivered 600% growth through creation, ownership, and management of the Data Protection roadmap with key business drivers and metrics across the major Enterprise vendors.
●Increased product share opportunities by 30% through delivery of 30+ product knowledge sessions.
●Facilitated a 20% increase in sales win rates by leveraging data-driven insights to create unique and impactful competitive messaging, coaching sales colleagues, and participating in sales meetings as Data Protection SME.
●Accelerated revenue by over 300% by identifying a gap through market analysis and developing Safe Mode, an innovative solution to safeguard data against Ransomware. The team was awarded 4 patents.

Global Sr. Manager Compete Amazon Web Services Minnesota, MN Oct 2017 – Oct 2018
Built a Competitive Intelligence team responsible for improving the win rates and accelerating sales cycles for a global sales force of 5000+ professionals.
●Led a high-performing team of 6 SMEs that seized over $200M worth of competitive opportunities by strategically scaling operations and detecting global competitive threats.
●Implemented rigorous tracking and monitoring systems, resulting in a 25% reduction in budgetary expenses and enhanced operational efficiency by gauging the effectiveness and advancement of initiatives in alignment with objectives.
●Improved collaboration and best practice sharing among 5,000 account representatives by designing a scalable process to capture and disseminate competitive customer references.
●Facilitated additional market opportunities exceeding $1 billion through the formulation and execution of a robust process to augment competitive opportunity support to AWS partners.
●Pioneered the implementation of mechanisms to capture and analyze competitive trends, facilitating the development of impactful collateral, marketing initiatives, and enablement programs.

Director, Competitive & Market Intelligence Symantec Corp USA MN Oct 2011 – Oct 2017
Created and operationalized a global competitive intelligence practice tasked with increasing revenue by identifying competitive threats and product opportunities.
●Increased revenue 25% by spearheading cross-functional campaigns that showcased product value and speed.
●Achieved a 20% rise in sales win rates through the innovative introduction of a customer-focused win-loss program.
●Unlocked $50M worth of product opportunities through strategic influence of sales tactics, sales enablement strategies, and marketing collateral that enabled a $1M investment in a competitive benchmarking capability.
●Generated brand and product awareness in close collaboration with third-party experts, sales, marketing, demand generation, and product teams by testing products and sharing results through tradeshows and webinars.
●Revamped competitive intelligence (CI) practices by delivering actionable insights and recommendations for product enhancements and go-to-market strategies.

EMEA Product & Pre-Sales Manager Veritas Inc Europe Dec 2000 – Oct 2011
Led a technical pre-sales team in advancing products and elevating product quality in partnership with a community of Technical Sales, Product Management and Engineering colleagues.
●Delivered $100M+ in revenue through strategic engagements with renowned Veritas and Symantec customers, including BAE, CSC, BP, HSBC, and the UK Government.
●Surpassed $1 billion NetBackup revenue milestone by orchestrating comprehensive technical and sales programs across the EMEA region.
●Established and led the "EMEA Technical Champions" group, collaborating with product management and engineering teams to recommend product changes and enhancements based on insights from customer feedback.
●Fostered technical communities of subject matter experts to validate early software releases and prioritize product features to accelerate business growth.

EDUCATION & PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
●Bachelor of Science in Computing Science from Aston University
●SCIP Certified Professional Practitioner
●Pragmatic Marketing Framework Practitioner

VOLUNTEERING
●Job Search Council Leader
●Minnesota Literacy Computer Classes
●Suicide Crisis Line Volunteer
●Under 18’ Parks & Recreation Soccer Coach
●Big Brothers Big Sisters
●Foster Parent
Contact this candidate