DIMITRA TSILFIDIS
Falls Church, VA ***** 847-***-****
ad3yg2@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/dimitratsilfidis

Digital Product Leader • Senior Product Owner • Senior Program Manager
Innovative digital product leader with over 10 years of experience leading and delivering high impact product transformations focused on modern UI designs and customer-centric user experiences using Agile methodologies. Skilled in managing product roadmaps, coordinating cross-team stakeholders, leading UI/UX and engineering teams, managing tradeoffs, incorporating feedback, and evaluating new ideas. Strong passion for solving problems and navigating through ambiguity to drive strategic direction.

Areas of Expertise
Product Lifecycle Management Product Strategy & Planning Product Development Market Analysis
Agile & Scrum Methodologies User Experience (UX) Cross-functional Team Leadership B2B/B2C eCommerce/Mobile Customer Relationship Management Business Analysis JIRA

Career Experience
Frontdoor, Inc. – Memphis, TN 2021 – 2023
Director/Principal of Product Management, 2022 – 2023
Led a team of Product Managers and UX Designers to produce innovative service delivery platforms and optimized customer journeys.
Coordinated cross-functional teams to ensure timely delivery of product features and actively conducted user research to inform product roadmaps with Frontdoor’s digital strategy in mind.
Guided team throughout the product lifecycle from ideation, research and development of product strategies, roadmaps, functional requirements, to managing feature releases for American Home Shield’s Member Account Management Website, IVR, and Chat, which serve over 2M active members.
Developed metrics to monitor and quantify the impact of new features and enhancements focused on improving the user experience, self-service rate, and operational efficiency.

Senior Product Manager, Service Delivery Platform, 2021 – 2022
Developed and released new features and appliance replacement options, increasing user self-service rate by 15%, generating $2.6M in annualized savings and reduced inbound contacts by 4% within the first year.
Wrote use cases, user stories and acceptance criteria defining new product features for several roadmap initiatives, including upgrading partner API integrations, transitioning payment platforms, adding new vendors to expand product inventory, and improving the user experience for both contact center agents and members.
Led sprint ceremonies and actively managed backlog to ensure deadlines for roadmap initiatives were met while frequently communicating to key stakeholders and highlighting any known dependencies, risks, and milestones throughout the product lifecycle.

Terminix – Memphis, TN 2020 – 2022
Product Manager, Termite Control and Home Services
Owned and led a comprehensive product marketing cycle including identification of market potential, establishing of pricing and market strategies, and promotional activities for the Termite Control and Home Services category lines. Delivered $330M in revenue in 2021, primarily driven by the 7.9% improvement in new termite sales, adjusting discounting guardrails, and cross-sell/up-sell of pest customers to pest/termite bundle.
Evaluated market research to inform roadmaps and devised go-to-market strategies for eCommerce, inside/outside sales representatives, and national accounts focused on maximizing conversion and unit sales.
New Termite and Termite + Pest Combo products released to market early 2020 delivered the largest yearly revenue and unit sales growth on record, 18% increase in sales revenue and 13% growth in sales units.
Designed new product tests such as the Rodent & Wildlife + Pest Bundle product expected to produce $2.3M in incremental revenue and 4.5K in pest sales units in 2022.
Dimitra Tsilfidis 847-***-**** Page-2

Led several cross-functional initiatives, product ideation & innovation, company-wide customer and employee referral program planned to deliver $1M in incremental revenue, and product management SME for the development and implementation of Salesforce CRM.

Transformco, LLC – Hoffman Estates, IL (formerly Sears Home Services, Sears Roebuck & Company) 1997 – 2020
Product Manager, Home Warranty, 2017 – 2020
Developed and executed product strategy, pricing, and sales initiatives that grew the Sears Home Warranty business to over 1 million enrollments and $100M in booked revenue in under 5 years. Achieved double-digit year-over-year growth through effective leadership of cross-functional teams driving profitability, customer acquisition, and product innovation.
Led cross-functional teams to successfully deliver multiple projects. Facilitated meetings, coordinated team activities, and provided clear communications on project status, risks, and next steps to key stakeholders including senior leadership.
Gathered customer and repair technician feedback to architect new features for the Tech mobile app increasing efficacy and sales conversions, including enabling direct enrollment to increase conversion rate by 23%, adding dual estimate capability to achieve 100% home warranty offer rate and 40% higher conversion rate, and automating the repair authorization workflow to reduce 60,000 annual calls through 80% electronic authorizations.
Increased renewal rates by 5% and reduced midstream cancellations by 16% through a series of A/B testing experiments and data-driven retention campaigns.

Manager, Marketing and Customer Segmentation, 2015 – 2017
Generated $350M in annual revenue by identifying new growth opportunities and leading the development of multi-channel marketing strategies that expanded the Service Contracts Aftermarket portfolio across 8 protection products. Developed omnichannel campaigns leveraging email, direct mail, and telemarketing promotions.
Designed and executed multivariate tests to optimize pricing, direct mail creative, promotional offers, and renewal incentives based on customer segmentation analysis leading to a 4% higher response rate, 6% increase in renewal rate, and $2.8M in incremental revenue.
Tested and expanded the sale of the Home Warranty product to 4 telemarketing call centers (inbound/outbound), driving a 10% increase in home warranty sales volume and generating $3.0M in incremental revenue.

Product Manager, Service Contracts, 2014 – 2015
Directed the design, pricing, and marketing of Sears' two highest-revenue protection products, representing over $1 billion in service contracts. Optimized profitability and strategic positioning within the service portfolio.
Guided benchmarking efforts and analyzed competitive offerings to refresh and release new consumer demand-based product features to market within first 6 months.
Designed, implemented, evaluated, and managed market tests of features and benefits of both products, including new branding and discount offers on renewals, generating new acquisitions, and increasing engagement and retention of existing customers by 8.5%.

Education
Bachelor of Science, Business Administration
Purdue University Global, Indianapolis, IN
Summa Cum Laude

Professional Development
Certified Scrum Product Owner, Scrum Alliance (2018)
Six Sigma Yellow Belt Certification (2013), actively pursuing Green Belt Certification
Contact this candidate