Richard H. Slaughter
Tampa, FL, United States 412-***-**** ad40c7@r.postjobfree.com http://Linkedin.com/in/RichardHSlaughter Professional Summary
Seasoned Product Leader with 12+ years driving innovation and revenue growth in dynamic markets. Expertise in spearheading customer-centric product strategies aligned with evolving trends, objectives, and needs. Adept at fostering cross-functional collaboration, building high-performing teams, and championing user-focused development. Skilled in comprehensive market analysis, identifying opportunities, and delivering cutting-edge solutions empowering personalized, best-in-class services. Proven track record managing full product lifecycles from ideation to launch and continuous optimization. Committed to driving innovation, optimizing efficiencies, and propelling growth through integrated, market-leading platforms. Influential leader and strong communicator adept at cultivating cultures of excellence. Skills & Tech Stack
12+ Years Experience I User Experience (UX) I Agile I Python I SaaS I Lean I Power BI I Jira I SQL I Visio I SDLC I A/B testing I Slack I Miro I Notion I Figma I Google Suite I Microsoft Suite I Confluence I Trello I PDLC I Product Design I Product Leadership I Product Roadmap I Customer Success I Danaher Business (DBS) Tools I Salesforce Professional Experience
Beckman Coulter Diagnostic (Danaher Corporation) Remote – North America Service Product Manager (2022 – 2024)
● Developed and launched key service products, driving market adoption and contract growth within the North American sector (NACO) through strategic product management.
● Integrated customer feedback (VOC) to guide the development and enhancement of service products, aligning with market needs.
● Led cross-functional teams including engineering, design, service, sales, QA, IT, and marketing divisions uniting North America with the global division to optimize service delivery.
● Managed and expanded the service product portfolio, overseeing business growth, lead analysis, and market positioning.
● Championed change management and organizational shift using Danaher Business System lean tools and methodologies, driving efficiency to 45% in new product development processes and transforming the service division into a profit center and growing service revenue 10% YOY. Banyan DAO Remote – Global
Product Manager - Member Volunteer (2021 – 2024)
● Initiated robust infrastructure framework, focusing on testnet capabilities, oracle data storage, and refinement of product vision, leading to onboarding of over 100 PMs for the platform.
● Product Developed the cohort project, delivering essential product management UX/UI design training tailored for Web 3.0 environments.
● Engaged in dynamic collaboration with PM stewards and development teams, focusing on ideation and incubation of innovative projects within the DAO ecosystem. DREIM.ORG Remote – North America
Co-Founder – Board Member (2020 – Present)
● Defined organizational vision and led strategic planning, driving growth and direction.
● Initiated and managed statewide educational partnerships, enhancing the organization’s reach and impact, leading to over $1M in grant funding.
● Lead the development of a new AI-powered conversational chatbot for interaction with students grades K-5.
● Established and led a team for advanced data visualization and analytics, supporting data-driven strategies. Confidential - Company Proprietary
Metrohm Tampa, FL – North America
Service Product Manager (2020 – 2022)
● Innovated service products for five key verticals, enhancing customer engagement with product.
● Cut project risk by 25% through Agile methodologies and stage-gate process optimization.
● Boosted North American service support plan revenue by 15% YOY, leading installations, training, and marketing for scientific instrumentation.
● Product Drove a 12% growth in market share through targeted marketing campaigns, based on thorough product-market analysis.
● Led product strategy with data analysis and visualization, successfully launched 21 products.
● Managed strategy and roadmap for five product lines, leading release content and timelines.
● Achieved a 14% revenue increase in product line, plus a 10% YOY overall revenue growth, through new service product innovations.
ThermoFisher Scientific Remote – Global
Senior Systems Engineer/Product Manager (2017 - 2020)
● Developed partnerships with stakeholders for new feature releases and defect reporting, ensuring stakeholder engagement and alignment.
● Managed key client accounts, overseeing software, and hardware life-cycle product management for product excellence and key client growth.
● Led and mentored team, providing growth opportunities resulting in 65% reduction in staff turnover. SCIEX (Danaher Corporation) Remote – Northeast, US Senior Systems and Applications Engineer (2014 - 2017)
● Exceeded sales and financial targets by 80%, skillfully negotiating service agreement contracts in line with org’s strategic goal.
● In Matrix Environment, led and motivated cross-functional teams, fostering high morale and enhanced collaboration in a matrix business setting.
● Directed and mentored field service engineering teams, focusing on KPIs, continuous improvement, and problem-solving processes.
Beckman Coulter, Inc (Danaher Corporation) Remote – Northeast, US Senior Field Applications Engineer (2011 - 2014)
● Utilized 5S tools and DBS tools to drive process improvement in products achieving increased project efficiency by 45%.
● Improved engineering processes based on KPIs and VOC feedback analysis, resulting in a 50% enhancement in solutions.
● Effectively managed project deliverables using Agile methodologies while ensuring cGMP regulatory compliance for instrumentation software.
● Managed contracts and services, evaluated performance, and resolved conflicts, strengthening relationships with customers and internal stakeholders.
Education
BS Molecular Biology, University of Pittsburgh
MS Cell & Molecular Biology, University of Pittsburgh Certifications & Licenses
AI for Product Management – issued by Pendo and Google Cloud
Contact this candidate