EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
JUN **** - PRESENT
Content Marketing Manager, TigerConnect, Inc., Santa Monica, CA (Remote)
• Develop and drive content marketing strategies and execution for key campaigns and programs.
• Own the development process of 10+ marketing content assets per month, including blogs, infographics, eBooks, newsletters, emails to generate leads and increase brand visibility.
• Collaborate with designers, product marketing, sales, contractors, and industry experts to deliver content that meets the needs of both key stakeholders and customers.
• Create digital product marketing materials by consolidating information into customer-oriented communications that align with company messaging and key initiatives.
• Analyze channel data to develop insights and make recommendations on areas for optimization.
• Measure marketing program effectiveness via regular monitoring of KPIs to ensure achievement of company MQL targets.
• Manage brand social media strategy across LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. Led content strategy, boosting brand visibility by managing 10+ monthly assets, aligning with key initiatives. FEB 2020 - MAY 2021
Marketing Intern, First American Title Insurance Company Boosted company's online engagement through innovative social media content. Contributed to company's recognition efforts by aiding in a significant application process. Analyzed DEI content, producing 30+ blog posts and 25+ social media posts, enhancing internal awareness. EDUCATION
AUG 2022 - PRESENT
MBA, Chapman University, Orange, CA
AUG 2017 - MAY 2021
B.S., Chapman University, Orange, CA
Major: Business Marketing
SKILLS
Product Marketing Content Creation
SEO Lead Generation
Research & Analysis Marketing Strategy
Campaign Execution Marketing Communications Collateral Orange County, CA, 92656
ad41xa@r.postjobfree.com
949-***-****
KAITLYN SCHOEN
PRODUCT MARKETING MANAGER
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Product Marketing Manager with over 4 years of experience excels in leading content marketing strategies and digital product promotions. Demonstrated expertise in SEO, content creation, and digital marketing, coupled with a proven track record of boosting brand visibility and lead generation through innovative digital content and social media strategies. Adept at data analysis, marketing strategy formulation, and collaborating across teams to deliver customer-oriented marketing materials, aiming to drive product awareness and market share growth.
Contact this candidate