Jacqueline McDougal
Senior Salesforce Administrator
Hayward, CA 94544
Phone: 510-***-****
Email: ad413c@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIN
Enthusiastic, creative, and passionate Salesforce Product Manager with a diverse skill set in Business Operations, Process Development & Automation, and Technical Architecture. Accomplished communicator adept at collaborating with individuals at all levels in fast-paced, global environments. Focused on aligning business goals with efficient workflows, exceptional organizational skills, and the ability to excel under pressure.
Work Experience
Sr. Salesforce Administrator - Sigma Computing - San Francisco, CA August 2022 to Present
● Spearheaded Salesforce CPQ configuration to align with business requirements, ensuring seamless integration and optimal functionality.
● Provided comprehensive end-user support through documentation and training, enhancing user proficiency and adoption.
● Revamped the Sales Multidimensional Booking Process, optimizing efficiency and aligning with updated business needs.
● Led system architecture redesign for the Sales Process, resulting in enhanced scalability and performance.
● Realized significant cost savings by streamlining processes, reducing technical debt by 20%.
● Identified and integrated Salesforce solutions to replace outdated platforms within the Business Tech Stack, improving system cohesion and efficiency.
● Established and managed Change Management Process for the Salesforce ecosystem, ensuring smooth transitions and minimizing disruptions.
● Implemented robust User Provisioning Process for seamless onboarding, transitions, and offboarding of users.
● Orchestrated the integration and management of over 10+ third-party applications, ensuring data integrity and system stability.
● Played a pivotal role as Project Manager and Business Analyst for the Revenue Operations Team, collaborating with stakeholders to identify business needs and implement effective solutions.
● Maintained compliance with policies, procedures, and security controls, ensuring data security and regulatory adherence.
● Successfully managed 40+ change requests and projects monthly, demonstrating strong project management capabilities.
● Automated third-party app integrations, including LeanData, LinkedIn Sales Navigator, and Zoominfo Enrichment, streamlining processes and enhancing productivity.
● Automated New Customer Onboarding process, empowering the Customer Support Team to efficiently manage onboardings and enhance customer satisfaction.
Salesforce Administrator Trainer - Correlation One - San Francisco, CA August 2022 to Feb. 2023
● Provided hands-on support to 30+ cohort members in virtual Salesforce Administrator training, ensuring comprehensive understanding and proficiency.
● Delivered detailed feedback on program performance and identified areas for improvement, fostering continuous learning and development.
● Prepared students for the ADM201 Exam, equipping them with the necessary skills and knowledge for success. Sr. Salesforce Administrator - Media.Monks [ Formerly Mightyhive ] - San Francisco, CA December 2021 to August 2022
● Sr. Salesforce Administrator [ Primary Day-to-Day Administrator].
● Managing the Salesforce ecosystem for 1800 users.
● Building and Leading the Cloud Administration Team
2 Junior Salesforce Administrators
● Work cross-functionally with teams from across the organization to make sure that the technology meets the business needs.
● Manage all configurations of the Salesforce environment including custom objects and fields, flows, sandboxes, roles, permission sets, and profiles.
● Perform impact analysis of all change requests made by staff for the CRM ecosystem.
● Manage Salesforce related Change requests.
● Make recommendations for system architecture changes and process changes based on user feedback and business objectives.
● Work closely with the Senior Manager to establish and monitor quality assurance.
● Keep abreast of new Salesforce features and functionality and continue to work/train the Cloud Administration team as well as end-users to provide recommendations for ongoing process improvements.
● Provide advanced support for the OS4 Team as well as departmental super-users.
● Oversee the CRM-related work of other team members.
● Monitor and ensure the integrity of data services and integrations
● Configure, Integrate and Manage Connected Apps.
Salesforce Administrator - MightyHive - San Francisco, CA August 2018 to December 2021
● Provide day-to-day end-user support and assist users with best practices to improve and increase their knowledge of Salesforce Sales and Service Cloud.
● Created and managed global users, profiles, roles, and permission sets.
● Assisted in developing global reports, and dashboards.
● Optimized current business processes utilizing Workflow, Process builders, and Flows.
● Troubleshoot Salesforce issues and escalate as needed.
● Developed, implemented, and trained staff globally for an internal Asset Management System that has enabled the life cycle tracking of Company Assets.
● Created role-based training content and assisted with training end-users on the use of Salesforce. Created training and user documentation and maintained ongoing documentation processes as business needs evolve or features are added.
● Maintained data and system security and integrity in Salesforce.
● Created and maintained end-users training modules on Trailhead.
● Developed process mapping as part of communicating changes to the system in the improvement of existing processes.
● Performed User Acceptance Testing in Sandbox and Production environments for new and ongoing development projects.
● Fulfilled ad hoc data requests, data integrity, and manipulation tasks such as merging duplicates. Integrated third-party apps via the Salesforce AppExchange.
Administrative Coordinator - AD Remedies - Oakland, CA May 2017 to January 2018
● Salesforce Administrator, ZOHO Administrator, Marketing Coordination, Order & Data Management
● Streamlined Wholesale order process by creating an approval process within Salesforce. Developed a Commissions formula field for Opportunities and corresponding reports.
● Backed up and efficiently cleansed over 1000+ historical sales and account records for data migration
● Created and maintained custom reports in Salesforce and ZOHO for field and internal staff.
● Identified the need for and developed a process and forms to enable a 48-hour turnaround on Sample requests.
● Conducted a variety of research to identify solutions and materials as needed for business-related issues.
● Created an inventory system for Event materials. Project Coordinator / Operations Coordinator - The Henry Levy Group - Oakland, CA December 2015 to May 2017
● Project Coordinator & Operations Coordinator
● Salesforce Administrator, Practice CS Administrator (Financial System/CRM Management), Centric Cloud Administrator,
● Project Management, Business Analysis / Process Development, Document Control, Data Management Identified the need for and configured and implemented a Customized Salesforce instance for a group of 8 users.
● Extracted data from multiple sources, including legacy system, cleansed and formatted for import to Salesforce.
● Streamlined a critical work process by developing excel templates to create needed reports 50% faster. Managed 100 + multi-phase projects a month successfully and on time while successfully implementing Salesforce.
● Identified the need for and developed a company credit card policy to reduce misuse and missing documentation.
● Reduced weekly status meetings by restructuring the meeting agenda, effectively making them more productive.
● Increased my billable rate by streamlining my workload, increasing capacity, and performing efficient work.
● Administered client lists in Salesforce for campaign filing requirements and email reminders. Marketing Associate - The Center for the Collaborative Classroom - Oakland, CA October 2012 to December 2015
● Project Management, Systems Support, Event Coordinator, Vendor Management and Compliance, Reporting, Business
● Analysis / Drafting and Preparing RFPs, Client Support, CPUs, Provide Administrative, Sales, and Marketing support to over 20 Reps (domestically and internationally)
● Identified the internal capacity to reduce costs to the company by volunteering to absorb an outsourced position.
● Researched, identified, and drafted responses to Requests for Proposals of various complexities and sizes.
● Researched and developed International ordering, sampling, and shipping procedures and documentation.
● Created International ordering, sampling, and shipping excel forms utilizing VLOOKUP.
● Reduced shipping penalties associated with errors in documentation.
● Created and maintained custom sales reports in salesforce and created commission reports utilizing pivot tables.
● Prepared CPQs of various complexities for 20 + domestic and international sales reps and their customers
● Analyzed and assigned leads efficiently.
Skills
Salesforce (7 years), LeanData (2 years), Outreach (2 years), LinkedIn Sales (2 years), OwnBackup (4 years), Druva (1 years), Project Management (4 years), Hubspot (3 years), Sales Operations (3 years), Revenue Recognition (3 years), Data Management (5 years), Policy / Process Development (5 years), User Acceptance Testing (2 years), Business Analysis (5 years), System Administration (4 years), System Architecture (4 years).
Education
Associate in Business Administration (AS), June 2008 Certifications and Licenses
Salesforce.com Certified Administrator (ADM 201), July 2018 to Present Committees
Jewish Vocational Services, Board Member 2021 to 2022
Contact this candidate