Rita Moura
Product Manager at Capitalise
+351-********* ad42mp@r.postjobfree.com
https://linkedin.com/in/ritamariamoura Portugal
SUMMARY
Product manager with a strategic focus on user-centric design, experimentation, and leading complex initiatives. Previously led teams in the hospitality sector before transitioning to a product management role. Specialized in formulating the right questions and orchestrating the assembly and refinement of ideas to drive the creation of outstanding products.
EXPERIENCE
Product manager
Capitalise
01/2023 - Present remote
Responsible for managing all parts of the product lifecycle using a range of innovative techniques and validated learning. Involved in stakeholder meetings with cross-functional teams, and defined go-to- market strategies.
Responsible for the product backlog by meticulously strategising and prioritising the product roadmap, obtaining validation from internal stakeholders based on the current strategic focus and business objectives.
Increased re-engagement with the subscriber base by 15% by identifying and improving low conversion rates in the sign-up funnel, Implemented a CRO project that included customer journey mapping, multi-variate testing.
Grew subscribers numbers by 10% reaching over 2000 subscribers through launching new premium features tailored to underserved customer segments based on qualitative and quantitative research. Delivery manager
Capitalise
07/2022 - 12/2022 remote
Led a globally distributed product team of 20 developers and QA's to delivery company projects: led daily meetings, debugged issues to unblock daily builds, managed project schedules, and coordinated project goals.
Boosted sign-ups by 5% through the successful implementation of a Product-Led Growth (PLG) strategy, achieved by introducing a freemium plan.
Rolled out new development practices for a global team and improved productivity and product quality, including timeline estimates, Agile development, scrum and monthly hackathons. Product support specialist
Capitalise
12/2021 - 06/2022 remote
Provided the leadership team with daily, weekly, monthly, and quarterly reports and analysis on support issues reported. Worked closely with the product team to define bug triaging and track the impact on product releases.
Created and maintained daily dashboards tracking the support tickets reported.
Drove the development of low-cost, high impact features by presenting product support main points of friction to the product team and consequently reduced the bugs reported by 20%. Lead a team of 3 QAs to optimize the platform and identify defects and bugs.
STRENGTHS
Team building
Built cohesive teams, resulting in higher
productivity and lower turnover rate
Leadership
Led cross-functional remote teams
toward successful product launches
increasing customer retention
Data-driven
I leverage key performance indicators,
user analytics, A/B testing, and customer
feedback to inform strategic decisions,
iterate on product features, and ensure
continuous improvement based on
actionable insights.
CERTIFICATION
Product-Led Growth Micro-Certification
(PLG) ™
Product School, January 2024
Become a Product Manager Learn the
Skills & Get the Job
Udemy, August 2022
Scrum for Beginners + Scrum Master
Certification Preparation
Udemy,February 2022
Agile Crash Course: Agile Project
Management, Agile Delivery
Udemy, December 2021
SKILLS
Product Strategy
Product management
Market research User research
Positioning Project management
Analytics
Data Analysis Experimentation
E
q e
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

0
*
EXPERIENCE
Welcome desk manager on duty
W South Beach
04/2019 - 07/2021 Miami, United States of America
Hotel
Developed a new upsell program and assisted implementation of new strategies, as a result upsell revenue increased by 30%. Front office manager
Herdade da Rocha
01/2018 - 01/2019 Crato, Portalegre, Portugal
Hotel
Lead the front of the house operations and supervise 15 associates and supervisors on a daily basis.
Front office management
The Palms Hotel & Spa
10/2015 - 07/2016 Miami Beach, Florida
Hotel
Leader on all metrics compliances – upsells, guest mentions and member enrollments.
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA),
Hospitality Administration/Management
Les Roches Global Hospitality Education
01/2013 - 12/2017
SKILLS
Agile methodology
Sprints Roadmapping
Launch readiness User stories
Leadership
Stakeholder Alignment
Team development
Conflict resolution
Tools
Jira Mixpanel Metabase
Azure devOps Figma
•
•
•
Contact this candidate