LAUREL LEE
650-***-**** ad43ug@r.postjobfree.com San Carlos, CA
MISSION-DRIVEN PRODUCT MANAGER
Inspiring, collaborative product manager/leader with vast experience building new products and driving growth, via hands-on and strategic product development planning and execution. Proven ability to make complex product decisions, and organizational and process improvements that have guided products to successful outcomes. Strong communication and relationship-building skills, combined with experienced product management skills have resulted in the product vision, roadmap and execution that drives business growth. Thoughtful, caring leader who rallies diverse teams through learning, challenges and change to deliver success. CORE STRENGTHS
Strategic Planning & Road-Mapping Market Analysis Qual. & Quant Research & Prototyping Product Requirements, Specifications & Design Coaching & Development Project Management Design/User Experience Focus Analytics Scrum/Agile X-Functional Communications Industry Experience: Consumer, SMB, Fintech, Agriculture, Marketplace, CRM, Manufacturing PROFESSIONAL OVERVIEW
Senior Staff Product Manager, Plenty Farms 2019 – 2024
● Hired as the first software Product Manager, and grew the team to four product managers, that drove a 25-person development team to build and support the automation of the world’s largest and most technologically advanced indoor vertical farm.
● Over the 4 years that I was product leader, PM manager and individual contributor, our team delivered the roadmap, requirements, technical specifications, commissioning and testing plans, full documentation and training, and ongoing real time support and iteration for our multi-functional constituents, including food safety, food quality, growers, plant scientists, sales and operations.
● Oversaw talent acquisition, mentoring, and performance evaluation, focused on inspiring and empowering employees and colleagues.
● Translated business goals and x-functional user needs into manageable projects and deliverables that enabled engineering and business success.
Director of Product, Caring.com 2007 – 2009 & 2018 – 2019
● Drove the initial launch of caring.com and ultimately, managed all applications for call center agents to match families with care communities.
● Developed research, roadmaps, backlog and sprint plans while hiring and managing a designer and additional PM.
● Managed the team & roadmap successfully through two complete business pivots, that drove successful shifts in acquisition, usage, monetization and technology needs. Founder, Village Kindness 2017 – 2018
● Gathered a team of experienced individuals, drove research and marketing, built and tested multiple working prototypes designed to make it easy to find volunteer opportunities in the community.
● Based on my research, market analysis and actual usage, I shifted the vision towards more scalable models and ultimately determined I would need additional funding to support the local model required. Senior Product Management, FutureAdvisor (Acquired by BlackRock) 2015 – 2017
● Drove investigation of all new personal financial management products through to prototypes and testing.
● I drove the complete sunsetting of and transition for all existing users of Future Advisor’s College Savings product to other products.
● Performed all initial research, and drove designed and usability research on a working prototype of a mobile personal savings app, that resulted in a clear and solid plan to build a personal savings mobile application. Product Leader, Outright (Acquired by GoDaddy) 2012 – 2015
● Drove the research and development of this new small business accounting product, to a more focused target user and use case, that enabled us to more successfully focus our marketing and development. Concurrently, I drove the pivot from a paid to free product (charge by volume), enabling successful acquisition and more importantly, significant increase in monthly average usage where the results were high enough for Outright to be acquired by GoDaddy.
● Upon acquisition, I managed the entire team and product roadmap’s transition to the successful product inclusion into the GoDaddy family of products.
● Drove GoDaddy to re-think bundling, and pricing and support models in order to support “GoDaddy Online Bookkeeping,” which led to continued growth of the product. Vice President of Product Management, PlantSense 2009 – 2012
● Drove the design of the hardware interface for this small in-ground sensor, as well as the corresponding desktop and mobile interface. Concurrently drive the requirements, design and development of the front end and back-end of the plant support database & interactive engagement model to support plant questions for all US commonly grown plants.
EDUCATION
UC Santa Barbara, Phi Beta Kappa, BA in Sociology & English
Contact this candidate