Kateryna Grozian
Product Designer
katyagrozian.com
ad44ys@r.postjobfree.com
San Francisco
Focused on creating a meaningful design experience for people. Experience
Luna San Francisco — Product Designer
February 2023 - Present
As a Product Designer, working on user flow for AI banking assistants in mobile applications, ensured their ability to provide personalized recommendations and information. Using machine learning algorithms and customer data, AI assistants can analyze spending habits, investment behavior and other financial information to provide customers with personalized recommendations. This may include personalized savings goals, investment opportunities, and other financial advice. MOPO LIFE, Inc. San Francisco — Product Designer
Mar 2021 - Jul 2022 · 1 yr 5 mos
Responsibilities: Designing web and mobile applications. I led the design journey for the product team, partnering with the Product Manager, Content Team, and Development team, leading user research, building workflow, UX/UI design, prototyping, and design system, AI integration.
Project “Nine”, San Francisco — UX Designer
Nov 2019 - Feb 2021 · 1 yr 4 mos
led the design for networking application “Nine”, creating fundamental solutions for the application. In addition, I conducted research, worked on a prototype, and user testing, and developed user interaction.
ADA Jewelry, San Francisco — Product Designer
Dec 2017 - Feb 2019 · 1 yr 3 mos
Completed user research and studied competitors in the jewelry field. I have created customer portraits to identify the target audience. Designed a minimalistic and light design for the shopping platform with a simple onboarding process to improve customers’ experience.
SuperGirlsClub, San Francisco — Product Designer
Jan 2017 - Mar 2018 · 1 yr 3 mos
As Product Designer for SuperGirlsClub, I worked on developing brand identity, visual communication, and website.
Skills
Interaction
User-experience design, user
research, competitor analysis,
interaction design.
Visual
Sketching, storyboarding,
wireframing, visual design,
prototyping, design system,
marketing design, branding
Software
Figma, Adobe Creative Suite, Sketch
Education
Crimean Institute of
Information and Printing.
Technologies at Ukrainian
Academy of Printing.
Bachelor’s degree in Graphic
Design and Prepress
+Acumen and IDEO
Human-Centered Design and
Prototyping
Kyiv Academy of Arts
Digital Marketing
Contact this candidate