Kaneel Mehtab Bhatti
Swedish +**(*)********* ad47fr@r.postjobfree.com

Summary
With 16 years in financial services, I specialize in Off-the-Shelf (Temenos) and in-house Banking IT solutions. As a seasoned Product Owner and Business Analyst, I bridge business-IT gaps, translating requirements into actionable outcomes. I collaborate with cross-functional teams and executives, turning strategies into practical results. Committed to driving innovation, I excel in operational excellence. Currently seeking roles in Digital Transformation as a Product Manager, Senior Business Analyst or Product Owner.

Skills
Business Analysis
Problem Solving
Solution Design
Cross-Cultural Collaboration
Market & Competition Research
Product Development & Management
Temenos (AA, Finance)
Business Development
Documentation: BRD, FSD and user manuals
System Implementation and Project Management
Leadership and Cross-Functional Team Management
Process Optimization and Efficiency Enhancement

Experience
GLOBAL BUSINESS PRODUCT SPECIALIST 06/2022 - 12/2023
Intrum - Sweden
Played a pivotal role as a key member of the global team at Intrum, contributing significantly to the successful development, customization, implementation, readiness, and delivery of the Temenos Transact platform (Arrangement Architecture) for both secured and unsecured loans.
Led the Delivery/Integration efforts for the E-Gov platform with Transact in Greece, ensuring seamless implementation and functionality.
Managed end-to-end Demand Management related to Transact for internal clients, ensuring their requirements were met efficiently and effectively.
Created comprehensive Requirements Documentation, ensuring clarity and alignment with project objectives.
Developed detailed User Manuals for loan management, enhancing end-user understanding and proficiency.
BUSINESS DEVELOPER (PRODUCT MANAGER) 05/2019 - 06/2022
Nordea Bank - Sweden
In product manager role, managed the daily operations of unsecured consumer lending portfolio valued at 8 million euros.
Successfully led and delivered the E-Invoicing project for the new Private Loan product within the framework of the Core Banking project which led to the introduction of new customer base in Nordea for consumer loans.
Took charge of developing terms and conditions for Nordea's new “Private Loan” product sold via loan brokers, collaborating closely with the legal team.
Responsible for the continuous development and maintenance of products and processes related to Consumer loans.
Collaborated closely with customer-facing teams to effectively incorporate their and client's needs into product and process development initiatives.
Spearheaded the definition of product requirements to the Core Banking Project team for a new consumer loan aimed at distribution through loan brokers across Sweden.
Actively involved in enhancing and optimizing existing digital application flows for consumer lending products, achieving decisions and payout in seconds and continuous 5-star customer ratings.
Translated strategic targets from top management into actionable product development initiatives.
Reduced customer churn by analyzing feedback and engagement, enhancing retention.
SENIOR BUSINESS ANALYST 01/2017 - 04/2019
Nordea Bank - Sweden
Led the Product Framework initiative based on Transact’s AA module, maintaining a strategic, long-term vision for a simplified and regionally relevant product offering.
Participated in requirements gathering, legal and compliance consultations, product approval processes, gap identification, and the formulation of solution proposals.
Focused on the simplification and reengineering of a new Nordic product portfolio for the Temenos Transact platform, ensuring alignment with strategic objectives.
Served as a Subject Matter Expert (SME) for the Temenos Transact Platform, specializing in the AA module.

CONTRACTOR- BUSINESS CONSULTANT 11/2014 - 12/2016
SOFGEN (Tech Mahindra) – Americas
Served as a Business Consultant and Project Lead for SOFGEN Americas, reporting directly to the Regional Director.
Spearheaded the conversion of Transact (T24) core setup from Single Book to Multi-Company Multi-Book in Banque de l'Union Haïtienne (BUH).
Developed the conversion strategy, presented it to the board, and acquired their signoff.
Defined the Data Migration strategy and successfully implemented it.
Provided ongoing support to the IT team, ensuring error-free and smooth operation of Temenos Transact.
SENIOR BUSINESS CONSULTANT 07/2013 - 10/2014
National Data Consultants (Pvt.) Ltd (NdcTech) – Pakistan/UAE
Senior Consultant at NdcTech, involved in implementation of GL Accounting and Reporting, Trade Finance, and Bank Guarantees, lending and leasing(conventional and Islamic) in multiple banks.
Led requirement-gathering workshops to ensure comprehensive understanding of the product needs.
Wrote Business Requirements Documents and Functional Specification Documents (FSDs) outlining demand and solution functionalities.
Completed Temenos Automated Application Build System (TAABS) documentation for streamlined delivery.
Formulated and executed data migration strategies to ensure seamless transition.
BUSINESS ANALYST 06/2012 - 06/2013
InfoTech International Iran/UAE - Iran
Collaborated with a team of Iranian Banking Experts, Business Analysts, and Developers on the development of "Pars Core Banking System (PCBS)," a Model Bank for the Iranian Banking Industry.
Contributed to the creation of a versatile and seamless 'plug and play' core banking system designed to meet local requirements.
Facilitated requirement gathering workshops to ensure comprehensive understanding of product needs.
Authored precise Business Requirements Documents (BRDs) to articulate product specifications and objectives.
Applied Temenos Transact configuration for business parameters, ensuring system alignment with project goals.
T24 TRAINER 04/2012 - 05/2012
Freelance - Pakistan
Delivered comprehensive training sessions as a freelance instructor specializing in Trade Finance and Bank Guarantees LC (Documentary Credit & Documentary Collection) modules of Temenos Transact.
Conducted training sessions specifically tailored for the National Islamic Bank in Iraq, ensuring alignment with their unique organizational needs and objectives.
Developed and implemented engaging training materials, leveraging industry best practices and the latest advancements in Trade Finance.
Received positive feedback for the ability to communicate complex financial concepts clearly and effectively, enhancing participants' knowledge and skills.
BUSINESS CONSULTANT – T24 12/2008 - 03/2012
National Data Consultants (Pvt.) Ltd - Pakistan
Involved in a variety of projects at NdcTech, covering GL Accounting, Reporting, Trade Finance, Export Refinance, Bank Guarantees, Islamic Banking (Lending and leasing), and Insight Financials (BI tool).
Handled pre-sales tasks, responded to RFP and RFI, and played a key role in requirement gathering, BRD writing, and verification.
Authored FSD and completed TAABS for system implementation, specializing in T24 configuration, gap identification, and proposing solutions.
Conducted UT and SIT during the testing phase, providing UAT support.
Formulated data migration strategies for effective transitions.
BUSINESS IMPLEMENTATION TRAINER- TEMENOS 11/2007 - 11/2008
NDC Training Academy, Pakistan (NdcTech) - Pakistan
Provided software implementation rollout and classroom training to users.
Executed internal testing.

Education
University of Karachi - Karachi, Pakistan B.COM
Govt. Commerce & Economics College, 2007

Certifications
AUC Technologies/Newport Institute Project Management
Temenos, Dubai AA Core Retail &Lending
LinkedIn Effectively Leading Digital Transformation
LinkedIn Agile Product Owner Role: Foundations
LinkedIn Technical Product Manager
Institute of Banker Pakistan Best Practices – International Trade and Settlements

Hobby Projects
Bilgiganten.se is a Swedish online platform dedicated to automotive services, offering a wide range of services such as car repairs, tire services, car detailing, diagnostics, and digital service history. It connects users with various automotive service providers, enabling them to find services like bodywork repairs, painting, air conditioning service, and more in their local area.

This website is a hobby project with a friend, where I am managing the development team and driving the delivery. The plan is to launch a revamped website in the month of April this year.
Contact this candidate