THERESA CARRANZA-FULMER
Detroit, MI 504-***-****
http://linkedin.com/in/tlcarranzafulmer ad496b@r.postjobfree.com BRINGS THE VOICE OF THE CUSTOMER TO ENGINEERING AND DESIGN COLLABORATOR AND CREATIVE PROBLEM SOLVER
Strategist and connector with expertise in translating concepts into reality through design and engineering. Several years of experience in physics research, electrical engineering, product/project management, and design thinking. Passionate about fostering a healthy work culture leading to personal and professional growth. Value authenticity, compassion, assuming good, active listening, kindness, DEI, and leading with understanding where individuals feel valued, supported, and empowered to bring their best selves. Recognized for excellence in experimental physics, holder of a key patent, and have received prestigious honors and awards. Committed to creating impactful solutions and driving innovation.
CORE COMPETENCIES
● Electrical Engineering
● Human Centered Design
● Design Thinking
● Design Lead
● Product/Program Management
● Project Scoping
● Strategy and Analysis
● Testing/ Validation of Hardware/Software
● Troubleshooting/Diagnosing of
Hardware/Software
● Intentional, Energetic,& Presence Leadership
● Conflict and Deescalation Training
● Educating, Training, and Mentoring
● Process Improvement
● 5/14D Root Cause Analysis
● MatLab/IDL/SQL
● Vector Tools CANanlayzer
● Bluescape/Miro
● Microsoft Office Suit
● Jira
● Research
● Agile
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Ford Motor Co., Dearborn, Michigan 2015 - 2023
Senior Experience Product Manager 2021 - 2023
D-Ford, a human centered design team, responsible for identifying, designing, and delivering future vehicle human experiences. Delivered product design roadmaps detailing holistic user experiences and requirements from customer research, market analysis, use cases, workshops, ideation, concepts, design iterations and integration for Lincoln and Ford products.
● Co-lead pilot Lincoln EV program with new China UX team to deliver vehicle digital and hardware experiences within half the time to deliver a program.
o Innovated more efficient ways of working across China and North American time zones to effectively work through the design process.
● Co-lead and developed Lincoln brand level user and business opportunities that influenced future customer experiences and Lincoln products.
● Awarded a patent for designing a vehicle winch system.
● Lead a Catalyst Innovation project to create a new business unit to reintroduce Ford into the space industry. Awarded a 2022 NextGen Changemaker for Illuminating innovation and Excellence Award. Global Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Week 2021- 2022 A global week-long event to inform, educate, learn, and collaborate in understanding diversity, equity, and inclusion at Ford Motor Co. Worked with the Ford Advocates of Belonging to organize, develop, and deliver programming on equity including leadership panel discussions and interactive activities.
● Invited, coordinated, and negotiated costs with the keynote speaker, Anese Cavenaugh, leader of Intentional, Energetic, and Presence leadership training which was seen by over 500 people in the company globally.
Body Control Module Design and Release Application Engineer 2015- 2021 The Body Control Module (BCM) is the electronic control unit in Ford and Lincoln products. It provides over 300 functions including exterior and interior lighting, locking, passive entry passive start, as well as signal support for many other features. Responsible for all product deliverables, which includes supporting the development of prototypes, diagnosing hardware/software issues, coordinating with suppliers, cross-collaboration with engineering teams, including manufacturing to successfully launch global products to the customer.
● Increased responsibility rapidly in less than one year from managing two programs in North America to managing five global programs in Europe and China.
● Created an innovative onboarding, training, and reference guide that explains key processes and key features of BCM product as part of training for new and Ford College Graduate employees.
● Developed cross-functional team roles and responsibilities for troubleshooting processes strategically to effectively solve issues through product launches in a timely manner.
● Solved problems efficiently and effectively, while managing up to 13 different projects at once. ADDITIONAL RELEVANT PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Syncytium Art Non-Profit, Ann Arbor Board of Directors/Project Manager Syncytium is a community-based project incubator involving engineers, creators, and artists who design, build, and transport large-scale interactive installations for community events. Syncytium was founded in 2010 as a small organization of 30 people and has grown to over 300 participants globally. Several projects have been funded by local communities in Ann Arbor, Detroit, Chicago, and Black Rock City. Led efforts to expand the organization’s vision, increase its funding, and create administrative processes. As well as facilitated and managed large groups, and created art/infrastructure installations.
University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI Research Assistant Education focused on Earth and space systems with an emphasis on particle and wave interactions, plasma physics, and magnetohydrodynamics. Master's thesis on the development of a statistical database and a model of composition changes in the plasmasphere-ionosphere of the Earth’s magnetosphere by using ground-based magnetometers and GPS Total Electron Content measurements during low solar activity. The work was published and presented at several conferences in the U.S. As well as, developed physics lab experiments using GPS and accelerometer sensors in smartphones. Also mentored undergraduate students in research methodology. EDUCATION
Master of Science (MS) Atmospheric, Oceanic, and Space Physics, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI Bachelor of Science (BS) Physics and Geology, The City College of New York, New York, NY CONTINUED EDUCATION
UDEMY, BECOME A PRODUCT MANAGER
Contact this candidate