David Norman
Los Angeles, CA 201-***-**** ad4anm@r.postjobfree.com

Information Technology Product Owner, Project Manager & Business Analyst
I am an IT professional who for over 25 years has brought technical and business teams together for the selection, design, testing, integration, and implementation of third party and in-house software solutions using JAD, Waterfall and Agile methodologies. My employers have consistently noted my strong ability to bring divergent business user groups together around unified workflows and integrations that increase efficiency and reduce needed resources. For the last 15 years I have worked in Broadcast Media Management as the Product Owner and Lead Analyst of linear media scheduling software, including all Scrum Master responsibilities.

Areas of Technical Expertise
Operative IBMS & MediaGenix WHAT’SON Traffic & Scheduling systems Business Objects/Crystal Enterprise Product Suites through XI R2 and 2008 Oracle PL/SQL MS SQL Server Visual Basic.Net Visual C#.Net Visual Basic for Applications (VBA) WebSphere Integration Microsoft Office professional Suite of Products Jira ServiceNow API, microservice & custom integration strategies

Experience
Senior Lead Enterprise Solution Analyst, Paramount Global September 2022 – June 2023
●Moved from management track to subject matter expert track.
●Served as implementation lead for replacement of SIMS multiple instance scheduling system used by 27 CBS owned and operated stations with a single instance MediaGeniX WHAT’SON enterprise solution, reducing required work hours for advanced scheduling by approximately 80%. Worked with the Project Manager to assure that all updates, roadblocks, potential roadblocks, and any other items in the current scrum were addressed in daily standup meetings.
●Identified and executed processes required for off-boarding of CW scheduling from Paramount Global systems following the sale of Paramount Global’s stake in CW to NexStar Media Group.

Senior Manager, ViacomCBS\Paramount Global March 2019 – September 2022
In addition to all Team Lead responsibilities worked on multiple design teams for the ViacomCBS Global Media Supply Chain Project to standardize media generation, broadcast, and distribution tools across all ViacomCBS properties and media technologies across all Paramount Global Brands worldwide.
●Planned, scheduled, and executed all discovery sessions between business and vendor for selection of a next generation broadcast scheduling system for CBS Networks and affiliates.
●Maintained and oversaw execution of each scrum throughout the DEV/QA/UAT/release cycle, including identifying needed resources from the business owner(s), DevOps team, third party vendor(s) & development assets, QA testing, UAT, release and project postmortem. Lead daily standup meetings for related active projects.
●Reviewed Statements of Understanding and negotiated Statements of Work and payment terms between ViacomCBS and multiple vendors for enhancements to existing systems, reducing costs and/or expanding services 25% on average.
●Managed 3-5 direct and 2 shared reports.

Team Lead, CBS Corporation November 2015 – March 2019
As product owner of Operative IBMS implemented, upgraded, maintained, customized, and supported new Broadcast Network Scheduling and Media Asset Management Systems and system integrations for CBS Sports and Dabl.
●Worked with CBS Network Operations & Engineering on the design and implementation of the next generation Media Supply Chain, re-envisioning broadcast and systems technology to incorporate affiliate programming, streaming services, and unified media asset management on the cloud.
●Chaired IT steering committee meeting of Directors for CBS Networks On-Air Promotions to discuss and provide updates on new development and releases to meet business needs. Successfully improved communications pipeline so that need for steering meetings was reduced from weekly to monthly.
●Served as Scrum Master for both development and production support of the IBMS scheduling systems use by Broadcast Control & Marketing as well as the ScheduAll system used by the Broadcast Facilities Management groups in New York and Los Angeles.
●Managed 2 direct reports.

Senior Business Analyst, CBS Corporation September 2011 – November 2015
Oversaw all aspects of the Sintec IBMS system used to generate automated playout schedules for CBS and CW Networks, from planning through implementation, as well as all support and upgrades.
●Oversaw design and maintenance of data interfaces between IBMS and all integrated applications including but not limited to Miranda Omnibus, Miranda iTX, Harris Velocity Editing Suite, Telestream Flip Factory, ScheduAll, XyTech Enterprise, and Xytech MediaPulse. Interface performance improved from an average of 2-3 disruptions per week to 1 disruption every 2-3 months.
●Maintained all SDLC and CR documentation required for team’s application development projects. Created formatting standards for same that improved clarity of responsibilities between business units as well as expectations for each scrum, which were adopted as division wide standards.
●Chaired weekly IT steering committee meeting of CBS Operations and Engineering (COE) Directors and VP of CBS Broadcast Distribution to discuss and provide updates on new development and releases to meet business needs. Successfully improved communications pipeline so that need for steering meetings was reduced from weekly to monthly and finally eliminated.
●Developed implementation/upgrade plans and schedules for Senior IT approval, including timelines and resources both internal and external. Managed process and personnel during execution.
●Trained IT resources on all aspects of IBMS application support.
●Trained business users on use of IBMS application.

ESPN 2011
Senior Media Technology Consultant
Contracted to develop a series of Crystal Reports XI reports against the ScheduAll application.

Software Guidance and Assistance Inc, NY 2008 - 2011
Business Intelligence Consultant, Contracted to ABC Television Networks
Internal subject matter expert for divisional implementation of BusinessObjects Enterprise XIr2.
●Redeveloped retiring mainframe reports for BusinessObjects Enterprise XIr2 against Sintec OnAir application.
●Designed, programed, and implemented cross-application real-time data sharing and ETL between proprietary SQL Server 2005 sales system and Oracle 10g Sintec OnAir application using WebSphere Integration Developer, Oracle 10g stored procedures, SQL Server 2005 stored procedures and Visual C#.Net web services. Replacement of dual entry processes with integrations reduced manual data entry time for same by 50%.
●Designed and developed a methodology for determining what advertisers had earned billboard placements on ABC -TV, how many billboards and in what dayparts. Utilizing PL/SQL and Crystal Enterprise, this process eliminated the need for development by the vendor of in-app functionality that had not been allowed for in the original specification, saving ABC approximately $75,000 in vendor service costs.

Additional Relevant Experience
BT Global Financial Services, NJ, Business Intelligence Systems Architect
Managed all business intelligence projects from requirements through completion. Developed customized invoicing solution from data warehouse design through invoice generation software selection and implementation. Managed vendor proposal process for new B.I., from RFPs through POC and costing.
Innovative Information Resources, NY, Consultant
Led projects with JP Morgan and Johnson & Johnson Worldwide. Advised clients on data normalization and "red flag" database issues and correction methodologies.
Promotion House/Initiative Media, NY, Systems Manager
Managed all system and software design and support for 40 users in 6 offices nationwide. Designed, developed, documented, trained, and implemented a custom promotional added media value tracking application. Implemented a system of time and cost accounting to allow for profit modeling prior to bidding for new work.

Certifications
AWS Design Basics
BusinessObjects Enterprise Suite
Contact this candidate