Ayokusibe (Ayo) Onayemi
Product Marketing Manager (PMM), MBA
Go-to-Market (GTM) Strategy Business Analysis FinTech Market Analysis & Automation SaaS Salesforce Pardot ad4e10@r.postjobfree.com • 929-***-****) • LinkedIn • Ridgefield, New Jersey SUMMARY
A customer focused Product Marketing Manager (PMM) with a background in financial services and general business insurance. Led 5 product launches, trained in reducing customer acquisition costs, driving cross-selling, revenue growth, and expanding market share through loyalty programs, competitive pricing, and product differentiation. Proficient in market analysis, product positioning, and leveraging social listening for customer insights. Experienced in strategic planning, cross-functional collaboration, and process improvement. Holds an MBA and certifications in Scrum and Business Analysis. TECHNICAL SKILLS & PMM HIGHLIGHTS
● Product Marketing: Go-To-Market Strategy, Customer Acquisition, Customer Engagement, Strategic Planning, Audience, Market Research, Messaging, Customer Journeys, Sales Enablement
● CRM & Marketing Automation Tools: HubSpot, Marketo, Salesforce Pardot,Google Analytics
● Database Management, Reporting, Analytics & Visualization: MySQL, Tableau, PowerBI
● Project Management: Scrum, Jira, Asana
EXPERIENCE
Customer Experience Manager Stericycle Remote Dec 2022 - Present A Compliance B2B & B2C services company that manages regulated substances and the environment.
• Launched the adoption of Salesforce in the organization, consolidated data from sources by integrating Salesforce CRM SaaS Solution, which permitted real- time data analysis and accurate reporting, maximized data accuracy by 20%.
• Identified and improved Salesforce data quality, curtailed customer churn rate by 20% and raised customer satisfaction by 30%.
• Directed cross-functional teams in implementing a structured CRM system to resolve customer disputes, reduced response time from 72 to 24 hours and increased customer net promoter score by 10 points. Product Portfolio Manager AXA Hybrid Jan 2013 – Dec 2022 A Global financial company offering investment management and other financial services. Feb 2019 - Dec 2022
● Orchestrated Revamped end-to-end project management lifecycle, utilizing Lean Six Sigma methodology to identify inefficiencies and implement process improvements: reduced turnaround time by 50% and upscaled team efficiency by 30%.
● Implemented streamlined strategies to enhance departmental operations, resulting in a 20% reduction in delays within the first six months.
● Spearheaded sub-underwriting teams and evaluated transactions and risk factors. Introduced a data-driven approach that boosted renewal retention by 15% and decreased underwriting time by 30%.
● Managed a $5.8M auto insurance portfolio by conducting market research, analyzing risks, and understanding competition within the industry.
● Implemented innovative marketing strategies, leveraging data insights to identify high-value target segments and personalize product offerings, achieved a 25% increase in gross written premium from targeted corporate clients.
● Automated operational processes including, claim intakes, assessments, adjustments, and settlements. Transitioned workflows to digital repositories, streamlining claims operations by incorporating business applications with infotech, and lessened task completion time by 80%.
● Applied risk models in pricing policies to ensure optimal premium pricing, considering associated portfolio risks while ensuring the business remained compliant with insurance regulations. This lowered the portfolio loss ratio by 10%. Product Marketing Manager Feb 2014 - Feb 2019
● Analyzed customer data using SQL and Tableau to develop targeted marketing campaigns for auto insurance products, created landing pages, blogs, decks, and social media content that attracted 2,000 new users and increased revenue by 25% within three months.
● Refined product strategy by initiating a companywide product review, analyzing data to re-evaluate existing policies, and ensuring proper pricing and premium collection. This data-driven approach occasioned the pruning of unprofitable policies by 10% in 2 months.
● Prioritized hero product, based on analysis, ensuring that positioning and messaging concentrated on customer pain points. Leveraged social media platforms, leading to a 15% YOY growth for B2B & B2C customers.
● Assessed team member training needs and developed sales collateral and training assets such as flyers, brochures, graphics, digital collateral, and print media for direct-to-customer sales teams to foster sales enablement.
● Converted transaction leads to purchases to increase new customer count by providing widespread customer support and information while scaling existing client retention rates by 15% through all online channels to expand beyond physical locations.
● Analyzed customer behavior with Google Analytics and heat maps, optimized website navigation and design, grew session duration by 40% and curtailed bounce rate by 30%.
● Coalesced with cross-functional teams to identify critical areas of improvement in the company's operational processes. Introduced automated workflows that compressed turnaround time by 30% and augmented customer satisfaction by 20%.
● Led a business process reengineering program by developing integrated workflows for automation in onboarding, claim settlement, and redemption processes. Achieved a 40% decrease in processing time and a 25% reduction in operational costs. Customer Success Analyst Jan 2013 - Feb 2014
● Transformed moribund Call Center operations into a customer-centric focused Contact Center, driven by digitally enabled service delivery platforms Avaya, an interactive customer-facing CRM system, each unified with all customer touchpoints and personas.
● Conceptualized and executed a customer-centric feedback system with in-built analytics that permitted prompt identification and resolution of customer complaints, this initiative elevated the net promoter score by 15% in 3 months and shrank customer complaints by 40%.
● Collaborated with the UI/UX team to develop an AI-powered chatbot that equipped customers to self-serve, leading to a 15% reduction in call center volume and a 10% increase in first contact resolution.
EDUCATION & CERTIFICATIONS
● Master of Business Administration (MBA), University of the People – Mar 2022
● Bachelor of Science, Political Science, Redeemers University
● Scrum Alliance, Certified Scrum Master
● IIBA, Certified Business Analysis Professional
● Volunteering: Community Leadership CasaFoundation, Treasurer
Contact this candidate