Mayank Goel
Senior Consultant Business Analyst
+91-701******* ad4iri@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Experience

Senior Consultant - Highradius 07/2023 - Present
●Successfully transitioned from the Professional Services team to the Product Management team, aligning with the product team's vision and goals to enhance NPS scores and decrease RED clients.
●Led a focused three-month war room initiative dedicated to resolving issues with red clients, proactively identifying automation challenges and implementing solutions. This strategic effort led to a notable 10% reduction in red clients.
●Developed custom MySQL queries to diagnose automation failures, created an SOP document for step-by-step improvement, leveraging strong data analysis and problem-solving skills, now serves as a centralized resource for the organization, contributing to an 8-point increase in NPS.
●Managed end-to-end development of four automation features, driving substantial improvement for live clients by creating user story documents and collaborating with engineers until successful production release.

Consultant 2- Highradius 07/2022 - 06/2023
●Transitioned from managing 50% of clients to overseeing the entire client base, optimizing team bandwidth for enhanced efficiency.
●Elevated responsibilities to engage directly with Client Executives, leading monthly business review meetings, and assuming the responsibility of creating precise and impactful financial decks, transitioning from previous interactions solely with cash analysts.
●Established a team-wide collaboration channel, resulting in the submission of impactful product bugs and features to the product team. This initiative led to the development of five new features, enhancing client interactions and improving internal team productivity.
●Designed and constructed a tailored automation metrics dashboard using G-studio, significantly enhancing visibility into product-specific performance, achieved a major breakthrough by initiating reporting to the leadership team, garnering substantial appreciation. (Tried Power BI as well)
●Expertise in creating analytical solutions that align with business outcomes, utilizing statistical methods, ML algorithms, and visualization techniques.
●Received the HighFlyer Manager Award in recognition of my significant contributions to the organization during H1 2023.

Consultant 1 - Highradius 01/2022 - 06/2022
●Started leading a team of 5 consultants, dedicatedly working only on the post go live Change request tickets.
●Developed Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) documents for the top three highest-volume categories of change requests, resulting in increased efficiency and an improved learning curve for new hires.
●Initiated daily 30 mins Scrum meetings with the team to eliminate obstacles, synchronize work, and discuss progress.
●Initiated weekly calls with High Temperature clients to address the ticket backlog and push back on low-value change requests. Resulting in High SLA adherence and Improved Customer satisfaction score.
●Received the Employee of the Year Award in recognition of my significant contributions to the organization during 2022.

Associate Consultant 2- Highradius 09/2020 - 12/2021
●Acted as a Business Analyst, Collaborated with cross-functional teams on the client side to gather and document business requirements for the current manual Cash Application process.
●Developed detailed process maps, workflow diagrams, and system specifications to streamline business processes and enhance system functionalities.
●Crafted a Fit Gap Document and forwarded custom requirements to the product team to address identified gaps in the product's functionality. Used JIRA for raising Product Enhancement tickets.
●Successfully completed End to End Implementation for 4 clients within the Timeline and the Budget despite minor scope creeps.
●Implemented Change Request tickets from the backlog during post go-live support for live clients, resulting in a 20% reduction in the overall backlog. (tickets via Salesforce Service Console)
●Demonstrated ability to own and drive projects end to end, from technical requirement gathering to documentation.
Education

B.E. Computer Science - Chitkara University (8.4 GPA) 2016 - 2020
Senior High School - SA Jain School (8.4 CGPA) 2015 - 2016
Contact this candidate