SUMMARY
EDUCATION PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
SKILLS
San Francisco Bay Area
ad4jz7@r.postjobfree.com
RAMYA PRABHAKAR +1-720-***-****
Business Data Analysis Biz Ops Strategy
Outcomes focused seasoned professional successfully assists companies by developing and implementing updates to operational standards, team organization and employee engagement strategies. Proactive and personable leader with top-notch skills in streamlining information, prioritizing tasks and approaching issues with analytical mindset. Bringing years of experience and solid track record of designing processes and accelerating GTM strategy through thought leadership. ServiceNow 2022 - Present
Analyzed large sales datasets to identify trends, patterns and correlations for business insights including marquee coverage, new logos closed and current industry trends, with a practitioner network of over 200+ resulting in a pipeline of $5B+ Provided data-driven solutions to support decision making and setting targets in Executive QBRs.
Formulated targeted executive focused summary and metrics visuals consumed by CIO and SVP level stakeholders. Gathered requirements from stakeholders to design data models and reports to aid ad hoc analyses for various orgs in the company.
Partnered with VP+ stakeholders across the organization to understand their needs from a data perspective, collated them and acted as the product manager and business owner to build a central metrics repository.
Proposed and developed KPIs to drive org strategy. Contributed to strategy and vision setting to drive automation for reporting.
Conducted data analysis to prepare forecasts and identify trends and monitor process efficiencies and identify data integrity exceptions.
Assisted with efforts to track, evaluate and report on impact of programs and content using multiple data sources including the sales and opportunity data and the content repository. Interacted with exec level non-technical stakeholders to deliver analyses and answer questions on metrics and insights. Provided technical support for existing reports, dashboards or other tools.
Created and designed business intelligence databases via spreadsheets.
Identified and analyzed industry and geographic trends with business strategy implications.
Master’s Degree in Business Analytics
2018 - 2019
Bachelor’s Degree in Telecommunications
Engineering
2000 - 2004
Structured query language (SQL)
Dashboard/Visualization (Tableau,
PowerBI)
Excel
Data Analysis and extracting insights
ServiceNow Product Knowledge and
Mindset
Requirements gathering and Analysis
Project Process Management
Stakeholder Management
Operations Management
Product Management
Business Operations
Strategy and Planning
Executive Communication and Content
Creation
Digital Transformation
University Of Colorado at Boulder Metrics and Reporting Analyst - Now on Now
- Leeds School of Business
Sir M Visvesvaraya Institute of
Technology
B U S I N E S S D A T A A N A L Y S I S B I Z O P S S T R A T E G Y Business Analyst
Cognizant Technologies 2021 - 2022
Improved efficiency of the ops team by 20% in six months by conducting deep dive analysis on survey staffing and planning. Elicited requirements from Program Managers and designed possible solutions. Extracted and manipulated data using pivot tables, vlookup and formulae in Google Sheets/Excel. Analyzed the data from multiple sources, generated reports and published findings via dashboards. Visualized metrics via Dashboards with easy to consume insights and recommendations to track overall program health and progress. Visualized metrics such as direction requests, clicks, impressions to track consumer engagement on maps pois (points of interest) for specific geographic locations.
Flagged variations in the identified metrics on a weekly basis to track program performance and called out possible risks to aid timely mitigation.
Used buganizer for bug tracking.
Data Science Intern
Cross-trained 20 employees and supported them in SOA Testing and Service Virtualization projects. Managed resource allocation by identifying requirements and recommended appropriate team members to multiple global account managers.
Prepared testers for seven independent Agile Scrum teams. Consulted with product owners and developers to fully understand intended features and functionality for the system testing of Web services Restful APIs for banking domain.
Documented the identified defects in Quality Center using verification tools such as Unified Functional Test and SoapUI and helped developers complete further testing and resolve issues. Participated in all Agile ceremonies such as Demo/Retro/Planning and Daily Scrum with the Product Owner and Scrum Master from the client teams.
Reported Agile metrics such as team velocity and stories completed vs stories committed per sprint to the management team. Wipro Technologies 2008 - 2011
Led client interaction and coordination to identify analytical requirements and collect information to meet customer and project demands.
Worked alongside the senior Business Analyst to prepare the Business Requirements Document and conducted Requirements Walkthrough sessions with the management and Solution Designers to finalize the project requirements. Prepared Requirements Traceability Matrix to trace back test cases to requirements captured in the BRD. Created Test Plan, test execution plan, execution progress tracker and set up regular reporting using Quality Center and initiated test sign off upon completion.
Mentored the team and worked closely with team members to meet project deadlines. Coordinated teams that were based out of Bangalore, India Singapore, and Sydney, Australia. R A M Y A P R A B H A K A R
Luien Analytics 2020 - 2020
Business Data Analyst Intern
Hunter Douglas through University of Colorado, Boulder 2019 - 2019 Gathered information regarding top 10 jobs available in current market and collected Job Descriptions for these jobs after sifting through multiple job posting on various job search platforms such as LinkedIn, indeed, monster etc. Researched and built NLP models to parse resumes and identify the best available candidates to match the Job Description in python. Created visualizations for the keyword scores for each of the profiles. Test Lead / Business Analyst / UAT Support
Wipro Technologies 2013 - 2015
Interacted with the Business team to sculpt out the requirements, took direction and followed through on tasks within parameters of project and timeline.
Extracted and manipulated data from multiple relational database tables using MySQL to answer Business Questions. Proposed a detection system to diagnose factory machine problems. Investigated seasonality trends and summarized the problematic orders monthly. Formulated an extreme gradient boosted trees classifier predictive model to detect problematic orders with a precision of 94.16%. Identified the key predictors while recruiting new dealers and segmented the dealers based on the Compound Annual Growth Rate
(CAGR) value and other key indicators.
Test Lead
B U S I N E S S D A T A A N A L Y S I S B I Z O P S S T R A T E G Y R A M Y A P R A B H A K A R
Planned, scripted, executed, and documented test cases for integration, verification, and acceptance testing. Managed UAT by finalizing the UAT Test Plan, supporting the business users, guiding them during test cases and encouraging them to take appropriate test screen shots and getting their sign off. Project Engineer
Wipro Technologies 2004 - 2007
Observed all testing standards as outlined in testing approach to design and update test cases to complete consistent manual tests. Reviewed configuration files, logs, and sections of code to complete debugging and locate breakdown sources. Communicated with development team regarding defects and worked on review and retest after bug fixes using Bugzilla and Quality Center.
Documented project features, capabilities, and requirements in Quality Center.
Contact this candidate