Helina Alem Berhane
Economics Honors Graduate
Addis Ababa, Ethiopia +251-*********
ad4mjj@r.postjobfree.com
Education
Jain University, Bachelor's in Economics (Hons), Bangalore, India June 2022 Program: Bachlor of Arts in Economics Honors
Concentration: Social Studies
GPA: 3.62/4.0
Software Skills
●
● SAP2000
● Microsoft Access
● Hotel Pms
● Pos admin
● Microsoft Excel
● Power point
● ArcGIS
● Microsoft Word
● Auto CAD
● Sup CAD
● GIS and remote
Sensing
Other Skills
● Acts as the customer advocate articulating the user’s and/or buyer’s needs
● Work closely with engineering, sales, marketing, and support to ensure business case and customer satisfaction goals are met.
● Defines what to solve in the market needs document, where you articulate the valuable market problem you’re solving along with priorities and justification for each part of the solution.
● Runs beta and pilot programs during the qualify phase with almost final products and samples. In Agile environments, regularly reviews completed work and checks with customers to ensure that it meets the customer expectations.
Work Experience 1
Yohnes & Medhanye textile plc Addis Ababa, Ethiopia Product Manager August 2022- November 2023
● Develops the business case for new products, improvements to existing products, and business ventures.
● Recommends or contributes information in setting product pricing. This point isn’t true in all industries, especially, for example, insurance, however, an awareness of competitive pricing is part of what companies expect you to provide as part of the pricing decision.
● Defined the product vision, strategy and roadmap
● Gathers, manages, and prioritizes market/customer requirements. Work Experience 2
Hygiene for all foundation Mumbai, India
CSR and Sponsorship Organizer November 2021–
April 2022
● Planning, organizing, managing and executing the sponsors and financial goals of the foundation
● Collected and analyzed clients data and financial transactions documenting accounting control procedures
● Contacted potential Companies for fund raising
● Prepared month –end balance sheet reconciliations including but not limited to recording transaction, creating reports tracking income, and checking expense figures for accuracy and legitimacy. Volunteer work
1. Free pads for India
Jan 2021- Oct 2021
Volunteer as a fundraiser. The NGO works towards empowering women in the rural parts of India. I raised 2,000INR for the benefit of the women.
2. Mulat Aid Organization
Mar 2019- Sep 2019
Volunteered in this organization as an elementary teacher. I helped students with their math and English classes. I have assisted the students to increase their grades by 10%.
Contact this candidate