R e n é e
Z u r e c k
MARKETING / OFFICE MANAGER
C O N T A C T
716-***-****
ad4qcj@r.postjobfree.com
Orchard Park, NY
LinkedIn.com/in/
renee-zureck
S K I L L S
Professional
Strategic Marketing Initiatives
Advertising & Product
Promotions
Strategic Planning & Analysis
Industry Networking
Project Planning &
Implementation
Budget Administration
New Product Development
Customer Relationship
Management
Team Building & Development
Root Cause Analysis
internet & E-Mail Marketing
Event Planning & Execution
Technical
E-mail Marketing
MS Office
Apple
P R O F I L E S U M M A R Y
Multi-faceted, results-driven innovator with demonstrated expertise implementing marketing, sales, and promotional programs to maximize revenue and market share. Success in analyzing trends and guiding launch of new products. Talented team-builder through hands-on leadership and clearly defined goals. Expertise in creating and implementing marketing and sales plans. History of success ensuring outstanding organization and client satisfaction. Engaging presenter and skilled oral and written communicator. E X P E R I E N C E
OFFICE MANAGER
The Stay Young Center Orchard Park, NY 2023-2024
● Responsible for providing direct oversight of medical technicians and patient counselors and sales staff.
● Ensured all operations functioned effectively.
● Management of all staffing positions to coordinate smooth workflow.
● Worked collaboratively with business partners for implementation of new service lines and organization.
MARKETING PRODUCT SALES MANAGER
KSL Biomedical Buffalo, NY 2021-2022
● Led a team of high-performing marketing and business development professionals, provided one-on-one coaching to optimize individual performance, collaborated with sales team and management to execute projects, overseeing all aspects from conception to completion.
● Spearheaded all event planning activities, managed budget, and directed event logistics to increase organization exposure. Designed and opened pop-up location for consumer testing.
● Managed press conferences, articles, news stories and releases through a public relations agency.
● Utilized various traditional and online platforms including email, print literature, website, social media, native content and journal articles to market information.
MARKETING MANAGER
Immco Diagnostics (Trinity Biotech) Buffalo, NY 2019-2021
● Spearheaded the organization and full rebuild of the company website. Developed multiple forms of customer contact and improved the flow and content of the website for use as a sales tool and medical resource. Additional content improved the SEO to drive more searches to the site. R E N É E Z U R E C K
MARKETING / OFFICE MANAGER
E D U C A T I O N
ASSOCIATES IN APPLIED
SCIENCE
SUNY Erie Community College
Buffalo, NY
1987 - 1989
GPA: 3.82
P R O F E S S I O N A L
D E V E L O P M E N T
BUSINESS WRITING
Rockhurst University,
Continuing Education Center
Kansas City, MO
1999 - 1999
● Orchestrated all event, trade show, and convention planning activities, and directed event logistics to increase organization exposure.
● Utilized various traditional and online platforms including email, journal ads, radio advertising, and CRM.
● Dramatically increased sales of flagship product line by 42% in a two year period.
SPLINT SPECIALIST
SAM PRODUCT MANAGER
Great Lakes Dental Technologies Buffalo, NY 2007-2018 and 1989-1999
● Successfully marketed TMJ appliances to dentists through education and webinars, designing literature and website based information for the advancement of dentists’ ability to treat TMD.
● Analyze diagnostics and physiological health of the Temporal Mandibular Joints to recommend treatment planning and case design.
● Oversee the fabrication utilizing digital technologies involving CAD/CAM and CNC fabrication and train Splint Designers and other sales staff on proven methods/best practices recommended by Continuing Education facilities.
● Instrumental in growing department by 60% and drastically increasing production output.
BRANCH MANAGER
Pan Am Dental Laboratory Buffalo, NY 2005-2007
● Held responsibility for managing all administrative, operational, financial, promotional and HR processes vital to the successful operation of the Buffalo branch of an outsourced dental laboratory in Savannah GA.
● Grew business to twice its size in 3 years.
MARKETING MANAGER
Ivocar Vivadent Buffalo, NY 1999-2002
● Orchestrated the strategic planning and implementation of product development, new product, and marketing/advertising execution for the North American headquarters of a European dental manufacturer, analyzed market trends, identify potential global and international markets and managed product development cycle.
● Developed and led a team of high-performing marketing and management professionals, provided one-one one coaching to optimize individual performance, collaborated with sales team and management to execute project, overseeing all aspects from conception to completion.
● Spearheaded all event planning activities, managed budget, and directed event logistics to increase organization exposure.
● Utilized various traditional and online platforms including email, journal ads, website and journal articles to market information, conducted focus groups and distributed questionnaires to assess performance of product, pricing, and packaging.
● dramatically increased sales of mature product line by 200 % by introducing an extension to the offering.
Contact this candidate