SENIOR PAYMENTS PRODUCT MANAGER
Solution-driven and customer-centric digital transformation product management professional with extensive experience in payments products leadership and technology. Product management and communications executive yielding experience in interacting with a very diverse number of audiences, including teaching and training on product technology in corporate settings. Proven ability to manage the full product development life cycle from inception through launch, achieving business goals. Expertise in developing and managing a product roadmap and strategy that aligns with business needs across B2B verticals, and B2C. Ability to initiate and maintain relationships with cross-functional teams to develop payment products that support customer needs. Adept at analyzing quantitative and qualitative data to optimize performance and identify opportunities. A trusted advisor and thought leader who can build and manage relationships across the corporate setting and with the C-suite and senior leadership for a diversity of strategic management Scenarios. Ability to deliver physical and digital product roadmapping, go-to-market strategies, and payment product solutions.
AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Portfolio Prioritization Solution Architecture Cloud Computing Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) Strategic Planning Business Development Process Improvements Project Management IT Strategy Data Analysis & Management Release Management Stakeholder Engagement Sales Customer Relationship Management Staff Development Digital Payments Tokenization 3DS EMV Business Requirements documentation Roadmap Creation and Management
CAREER HIGHLIGHTS
Oversee product development and commercialization and execution of go-to-market strategy for new product offerings and acquisitions that outline digital payments value proposition for partners.
Oversee project kick-off and process implementation for 40+ financial institutions, driving implementations through Sandbox for testing and production efforts.
Support and lead the Customer Service teams across four lines of business and multiple B2B products/services, analyzing customer complaints and identifying bottlenecks in processes to develop an action plan and mitigate issues, resulting in an improved customer experience and satisfaction rate of 85% - 95%.
Lead implementation of a robust, scalable ERP solution (Everest) and migration of Operations including customer and vendor lists of 400 key stakeholders and sales, logistics, and delivery documentation.
Consistently exceed quarterly strategy proposal quotas by 23%+ for 13 regional distributors’ Co-Op funds management.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Miami Dade College (Kendall Campus) – Miami, FL Aug 2023 to present
Engineering and Technology Adjunct Professor – Introduction to Computer Applications and Technology
Visa International (North America Region) – Miami, FL Jan 2022 – March 2023
Sr. Manager, Sales Operations – Data Security and Identify Products
Design and implement processes that minimize client friction within the sales operations processes including user management and billing. Troubleshoot issues in the process and reduce friction. Continually explore opportunities to improve efficiencies, both with the process and reporting.
Provide team with analytics to support team goals of increasing user base as well as client engagement and retention.
Generate key performance metrics needed for management reviews and assist with development of presentations for executive review.
Collaborate with cross-function teams including Product, Client delivery, Go-to-Market, Finance, Legal on any projects that will support better client experience
Serve as a liaison with global Client Services, responsible for coordinating training for Client Services team, keeping track of client cases and collaborating with Client Services to ensure timely resolution of issues is achieved.

Key Accomplishments:
Process Improvement for the team to reduce onboarding time from 41 days to 15 days by performing process documentation, audit, and acting upon enhancement opportunities,
Review tables, reporting logic, and dashboard setup for a more efficient pulling of custom performance metrics

SafraPay US – Aventura, FL Jun 2019 – Sept 2021
Vice President of Product, Card Issuing (Jul 2020 – Sept 2021)
Vice President of IT, Card Issuing (Jun 2019 – Jul 2020)
Manage a cross-functional, matrixed team and business units of 10 – 20 members (Developers, Front-line Supervisors, Architecture, Infrastructure, Compliance, Customer Service, Back Office Operations) to build products that drive value for customers. Map business requirements, identify use cases, and build out roadmaps to support product design, development, and launch.

Key Accomplishments:
Oversee product development and commercialization and execution of go-to-market strategy for new product offerings and acquisitions that outline value propositions for partners.
Track and analyze key critical metrics against industry benchmarks, publish reports on product performance, trends, risks, and opportunities.
Manage the full product life cycle including conception, requirements definition, development, testing, and launch.
Monitor and review business requirements, functional specifications, user acceptance (UA) testing, and production validation efforts.

Visa, Inc, LAC Hub – Miami, FL Dec 2014 – May 2019
Digital Transformation Product Manager (Dec 2015 – May 2019)
Collaborated and strategized with cross-functional teams (Digital Transformation, Implementations) to manage product development and innovate product offerings to drive product adoption and increase partner acceptance in the digital commerce segment for the LAC region.

Key Accomplishments:
Managed end-to-end project/process management for the Visa Checkout expansion and Secure Remote Commerce (SRC) migration project lifecycles to include inception, kick-off, scope, design, Quality Assurance (QA) delivery, scalability, and status review.
Established vision and delivered person-to-person payments roadmap and strategy to expand payment capabilities and meet customer needs.
Led the digital integration of 40+ financial institutions (Processing/Payment Partners) in the LAC Region, including Mexico and Brazil.
Gathered, structured, and analyzed data to determine specific targets, indicators, and Business Requirements to kick-off and monitor Isuer implementations, improving Payload and token provisioning with a positive impact on user experience.
Oversaw migration from Intelligible and Unprotected Primary Account Numbers and other sensible information from cardholders to Token Payloads resulting in a 76% reduction in fraud and improving security through the use of cryptographic technology such as network/scheme Token Vaults.
Designed specific KPIs, measured and reported on the designed and relevant metrics, optimized user experience based on data, and drove continual improvements to Visa Checkout.
Designed custom reports and dashboards to collect, present, and translate data for team sharing and to provide actionable insights to influence leadership decision-making.
Led and conducted commercial discussions, escalations, and meetings with cross-functional teams and leadership to present and communicate program status, next steps, and strategic decisions.

Visa, Inc. Assistant Product Manager (LAC) (Dec 2014 – Dec 2015)
Managed, set up, supported, and evangelized the Proprietary Online Business Intelligence platform (Visa Vue Online) to meet customer needs, drive application and feature adoption, and deliver value.
Identified, tracked, and resolved application production issues, identifying roadblocks and addressing them to ensure business continuity. Communicated results of the ad-hoc business and statistical analysis, project status, usage data, and recommendations to senior management to optimize decision-making.
Defined and measured quality metrics to enhance customer experience.

Microsoft Corp. LATAM Subsidiary – Ft. Lauderdale, FL Sep 2012 – Feb 2014
Commercial Online Project Coordinator (Sep 2012 – Feb 2014)
Performed weekly QA and UA Testing of online and customer service contact center processes (5 target Commercial Sites with Diverse Products). Created 20+ Monthly Business Review (MBR) reports providing the status of 5+ websites, managed and communicated results/metrics against 15+ KPIs on the performance of 60 contact agents. Supported the Service Delivery readiness process through social media by designing 5 processes and training staff for consistent achievement of SLA target metrics at or above 85%. Identified 20+ Customer Satisfaction Rate improvement opportunities and drove them toward successful deployment.

Excel Technologies Corp. – Pembroke Pines, FL
Feb 2012 – Apr 2014
International Operations Manager

Optime Consulting, Inc. – Miami, FL
May 2010 – Jan 2012
Marketing Solution Leader
Nov 2010 – Jan 2012
Brazilian High-Tech Partner Account Manager
May 2010 – Nov 2010

EDUCATION

Aspiring Ph.D. of Business Administration with I.T. Specialization

2026
Master of Science (MS) – Management Information Systems
Florida International University – College of Business - Miami, Fl
2015
Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) - Marketing
Florida International University – College of Business Administration - Miami, FL

CERTIFICATIONS & LICENSES
2010
Licensed Scrum Master/Scrum, Inc.
2018
Payments Everywhere/Visa
2018

Skills: Microsoft Office O365/2021 (incl. Excel, Word, Powerpoint, Project and Visio), Sharepoint Site Design and Management, Adobe Photoshop & Illustrator, Technical Requirements Definition & Documentation · Positioning (Marketing) · Management · Financial Analysis · · Product Development - Business Continuity SQL – Communications Management – Scrum – Agile - Team Leadership · Start-ups · Tableau – Team Formation & Skills Development – Risk Management – Strategic Planning & Execution – Business Intelligence – Tableau – SPSS – SAS –PowerBI - Customer Service – Technology Management –Technology Procurement
Contact this candidate