Sally J. Quinn
Phone 503-***-**** ad4sbh@r.postjobfree.com
A resourceful & energetic product designer/developer who innovates design through research, draws from multicultural industries for style, color and trend, manages the commercialization process by working closely to balance the needs of my cross-functional team and factories. I address issues quickly, facilitate problem solving and am deadline driven. Maintaining the highest quality of standards, I negotiate costing, MOQ, identify longer lead time styles and troubleshoot downstream development issues. Highly motivated & curious, a results-based self-starter, extremely organized and detail oriented. Professional Experience
Ideal Fastener 2023 Global Sourcing Account Manager - USA, west coast Open new accounts with focus on strategic brands by networking to identify responsible sourcing partner. Work with development teams to realize IDEAL’s innovations for best application. Manage and support sample & production orders, test standards, calculate & negotiate where needed. Partner with internal global team to support all developments. Schedule & lead meetings when needed,. Interface with sewing factories to accommodate delivery changes, needs & questions. The-S-Group 2022 – 2023 Sr. Product Developer/Global Sourcing Manage style development from brief to commercialization through WIP tracking & calendar focus. Measure, update specs. comment on samples, fabric, trim submits, lab dips and bulk dye lots. Research product performance with athletes through wear testing, compiling results to improve product. Create tech packs, manage specs, create BOM & tech drawings, & testing submits. Lead fit sessions. Partner with cross functional silos always looking downstream to solve potential issues. Maintain an open/positive relationship with factories, mills & suppliers to promote best practices with on time delivery. Lead category indicatives, support teammates & offer ideas with passion for higher quality. Tommy Bahama 2020 - 2021 Global Sourcing & Product Development Manager Collaborate with cross functional team in mill allocations. Partner with manager on vendor placement strategy based on business needs and product intent. Manage styles through calendar & WIP tracking to ensure on time delivery. Troubleshoot construction and quality issues to improve cost and margin. Dallas Cowboys 2014 - 2017 Sr. Product Designer/Developer Research global market, color, materials, performance properties, fit and style. Create and manage style tech packs, tracking materials, trims, lab dips, & testing results. Maintain costing per style, track fabric and styles, explore options to reduce cost. Review and communicate embroidery, print and lab dip comments to factories and mills. Partner with factories & mills through daily communication of developing style details. Lead fit session process to perfect fit through established block. Bass Pro Shops 2012 - 2014 Sr. Product Designer/Developer Negotiate costing, MOQ, identify longer lead time styles, troubleshoot downstream development issues. Design & develop performance innovation in breathable, moisture management & UV properties. Lead fit session process with product specialists & merchandising team to perfect fit. Lead product team to negotiate with suppliers on piece goods & trim development of on time delivery. Page 1
Sally J. Quinn
Phone 503-***-**** ad4sbh@r.postjobfree.com
Massif Mountain Gear 2010 - 2012 Sr. Product Designer/Developer U. S. military combat systems Extreme Cold Weather Clothing System Foreign military protective apparel Special forces performance training wear Fire resistant clothing Protective Combat Unit clothing Managed the development of military styles from conceptualization of design to commercialization while managing the calendar process & WIP. Source materials and technology, worked with suppliers and special forces on project details for new products. Worked with NIB/NISH factories to teach style operations, identify and resolve issues. Interfaced with production, compliance, sales and customer service to answer questions and communicate project status. Nike 1996 – 2009 Sr. Product Designer/Developer
Authentic team performance uniforms Leather & down outerwear Sportswear -Fully fashion sweaters -Denim Woven & Knit Tops & Bottoms Brand Jordan- Sr. Product Developer 1999-2009
Interviewed, trained and mentored new developers, taught systems data, establish timeline. Created, tested and commercialized trim items and piece goods. Ensure deadlines are hit and maintain process calendar across all product teams.
Managed the processes of prototype creation, through pattern, sample, fit and grading. Working closely with each group to ensure specification and prototypes are accurate and represent designs intentions. Sourced & tested all materials for content quality, weight, moisture management, durability, colorfastness, burst strength, pilling, UV & strength. Partnered with suppliers to innovate new trim items. Traveled to factories to ensure timely commercialization of new styles. Reviewed and approved samples to ensure the style meets designs original intent while offer suggestions for changes to improve production perspectives and improve the product during manufacturing. Created and maintained specs, BOM, fit comments and design comments. Generated additional revenue to the bottom line to hit $88.6 million net sales for Jordan apparel in 2008 by direct developing quick turn product past normal timelines Nike Team Sports - Sr. Product Developer 1996-1999 Hired and managed direct reports. Managed on time commercialization process to hit buy ready deadlines 100% of the time. Developed Olympic authentic team apparel and sportswear. Generating BOM, spec.sheets & construction comments.
Worked with and visited factories on all aspects of equipment. Developed and maintained data through prototype and sampling process.
page 2
Sally J. Quinn
Phone 503-***-**** ad4sbh@r.postjobfree.com
Selected Accomplishments
-Nike Maxim
2005, 2006 Nike Is A Company - Pursuit Opportunity & Innovation
- Introduced new material suppliers to reflect a savings of $142,238.
- Provided leadership and effective project management to achieve 100% buy ready product for every seasonal deadline.
Supplement
Energetic visionary thinker who's effectiveness results from extensive experience, good judgement, timing and creative action.
Works enthusiastically and continually strives for higher productivity to drive business results. Dedicated, dependable, highly organized.
Innovation leader of sustainable materials.
Lead global product teams research of new technologies and fabrications. Education
Associate of Arts - Fashion Design
Fashion Institute of Design and Merchandising Los Angeles 3.8 GPA Dean's Honor Role FIDM
FIDM Scholarship Award winner
Training
RSL Limits & Test Methods
Global Apparel Sustainability
Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act of 2008
Coats Thread Seminar
Cotton Inc. Seasonal Innovation
Munsell Color Test approved
Strong computer skills proficiency (MS Word, Excel, Blue Cherry, Outlook, Adobe Illustrator, In Design, PPS, PDM, PLM/Centric)
page 3
Contact this candidate