PRITAM ROY
Sr. Product Manager eCommerce B*B B*C
SUMMARY:
Highly accomplished Product Manager (Technical & Functional) with over 18 years in IT, experienced with managing and delivering large-scale complex enterprise level projects, focused on customer journey. Complete ownership of executing and implementing features from an end-to-end perspective. Collaborative engagement with Technical, Business, Marketing, Finance, and Sales for Product Roadmap implementation and Go to Market strategies.
Proven ability in client engagement, onsite coordination, and leading globally distributed teams. Strategic thinking to define product vision/roadmap and negotiate priorities with stakeholders. Proficient in Data Analytics and the utilization of multiple tools and techniques to draw insights and facilitate in decision making.
Facilitation skills to lead requirements and user-story sessions. Interpersonal skills to understand and interpret stakeholder responses. Creation of design specifications leading to the implementation of a delivered product. Worked with Forward and Reverse Logistics in conjunction with OMS and WMS. Expertise in SQL and relational database management systems. Expertise in Business Intelligence Analysis using Excel, SQL, Business Objects, and Tableau. Versatile experience working with clients across multiple industries like Banking & Financial Services, Telecommunications, Healthcare, Retail, B2B & B2C eCommerce Applications. Proficient in elicitation, rationalization, and documentation of business requirements. CORE SKILLS:
Feature v/s Cost Analysis enabling Product and Feature Prioritization Customer Matrices enable the validation of launched features. User Survey & Feedback Analysis enabling curation of upcoming features. Cross-Team Collaboration and Stakeholder engagement to ensure alignment. Creation of Product Vision and Road Map to align with Organizational goals and Customer needs. SAMPLE FUNCTIONAL EXPOSURE:
eCommerce Exposure: Mapping of Customer journey via Navigation and conversion, Analysis of KPIs affecting the intent and bounce rate of the customer, presentation of Products and promoting visibility across the Grid and Product Display Pages (PDP), Product RoadMap, Swimlane representations on process and workflows impacting multiple departments.
Business/System Analysis: Impact Assessment, Functional Requirements Elicitation, Reporting Requirements Elicitation, Business Requirements Elicitation, Technical Documentation, Creating Business Requirements Document (BRD), System Requirements Specification (SRS), Functional Specific Documentation (FSD), Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM), Creating Use Cases / Wireframes / Screen- Mockups, User Acceptance Testing (UAT).
Agile (Scrum) Product Owner: Creating Epics and User-Stories, Defining Acceptance Criteria, Managing Product Backlog, Sprint Planning and Review, Decomposing Epics into User-Stories, Ideation Exercise, Data flow Diagrams, Process Modelling, and Software Validation. Improvement of Agile process flows to match the organization's vision.
Business Intelligence Analysis: Data collection and extraction, Data Mapping, and Data Analysis using Excel, SQL, Business Objects, and Tableau. Dashboard designing and data visualization. Adobe Analytics. Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC): Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Agile, Waterfall, Rational Unified Process, Joint Application Development (JAD), Service Oriented Architecture (SOA), ITSM - Service Design & Service Transition, Project Management, Mentoring new entrants. SAMPLE TECHNICAL EXPOSURE:
Business/System Analysis Tools: Rational Requirements Composer, JIRA, HP ALM, Confluence, MS Visio, CA Agile Central Rally Dev.
Domain Knowledge: eCommerce, Warehouse and Order Management Systems, Financial Services, Wealth Management, Foreign Exchange and Trading, Telecommunications, Retail, Wholesale B2B, and B2C. Programming: C, SQL, Java, J2EE, JSP, HTML, HTML5, XML, Python. Database: Oracle 9i/10g, SQL Server 2005, DB2, MS-Access, MySQL/SQL. Reporting: MS Excel, Business Objects, Tableau, SSRS, Adobe Analytics, Power BI, Databricks. Utility Tools: TOAD, SOAP UI, Rational Quality Manager, MS Word, MS Project, SnagIt, SharePoint, Postman. Workflow Tools: HP Service Manager, Remedy, Maximo, JIRA, Confluence. Design and Wireframing: Figma, Sketch, Adobe Experience Manager (AEM), Invision. Road-mapping & Brainstorming: Miro, Clarity, Aha.
Customer Relationship Management: Salesforce (Commerce Clouds). Zendesk. CERTIFICATION/TRAININGS COMPLETED:
Product Manager Certificate - Product School – 2020 Harvard Business School Online – Business Analytics - 2020 Scrum Master Accredited Certification TM (Authorized Certification ID 228***********). Scrum Product Owner Accredited Certification TM (Authorized Certification ID 019***********). Aha! Product Management Professional Certificate - LinkedIn - 2024 Project Portfolio Management Foundations Certificate - LinkedIn - 2024 Microsoft 70-461: Querying SQL Server 2012 – Completed online - Feb 20th, 2016. Member of PMI, Foundation Trading Program – Academy of Financial Trading. Banking Certifications (Core Banking Fundamentals, Capital Banking, and Wholesale Banking). Awarded Partner of Excellence for October 2016 by Digital Quality Management Team T-Mobile. Enthusiast and Active Learner for Generative AI / ML / LLM. EXPERIENCE:
Client: American Eagle Outfitters, Beaverton (Remote) Apr 2022 – Oct 2023 Sr. Product Manager (Customer Care & Self Service) Responsibilities:
Revamped the Interactive Chat experience utilizing Bots and augmenting the self-service experience for the end customer at AEO.
Drive the features and Roadmap implementation for the Customer Service team. Implement automated approach and self-service features enabling an improved customer experience and engagement.
Owned the relationship with 3rd party vendors like Botpress, Teleperformance and Oracle and responsible for all aspects of collaboration across design, development or deployment of solution. Collaborated and guided UX/CX Teams in relevance to Design Changes and Artifact/Asset Management
(DAM) pertaining to product imagery / automated text responses. Market Research and competitive analysis to enable customer acquisition and retention capabilities. Utilize NPS stats in addition to User Surveys and Customer interviews to determine the efficacy of the solution being worked at.
Create a Product Roadmap that aligns with the vision and target revenue while focusing on customer satisfaction.
Multiple initiatives pertaining to global changes were delivered within targeted timelines and milestone. Additional Responsibilities of a Project Manager and Business Analyst in addition to the role of Product Manager were executed.
Consulted on and implemented checkout features with multiple Payment methods including Affirm & Credit Card. Investigated on Zelle Payments and RTP n/w for payment processing. Working with Engineering Teams collaborating and reviewing demonstrations on multiple feature API. Assisting with Business Validations for Gateway API Testing. Worked with Revenue and Sales team regarding Promotion and Sales aspect of launch. Consulted on Appian to improve on Business process modelling. Designed and wireframed design solution in consultation with UX and CX Teams. Utilized Reporting tools as Databricks and Power BI to generate and extrapolate market research and success matrices for the product based on identified KPIs. Worked on cleansing, transforming and interpreting the incoming data utilizing patterns and trends to augment feature targets pertaining to Data Analytics. Consult and collaborate on strategic placement of Digital Assets (DCM) with regards to the Product pages. Worked with DataOps teams to create dashboards on Tableau and GCP (Google Cloud Platform). Collaborated and worked with DevOps Teams to augment, plan and help implement features (Internal as well as dependent on 3rd Party External Partners). Client: Williams-Sonoma Inc., Beaverton (Remote), OR / SFO, CA Nov 2020 – Mar 2022 Product Manager (OMS & Total Customer Experience - Delivery) Responsibilities:
Drove Program level holistic changes and Product Roadmap strategies. Reporting progress and launch presentations to Leadership & Business/cross-functional stakeholders. Led the rewards program migration with Capital One from Customer Experience and OMS perspective. Conceptualized and launched tools for the Care Center team helping reduce the call handling volume by 65% with elevated NPS scores (70% Promoters).
Prepared requirements, specifications, Business Processes, and recommendations per industry standards. Led Sourcing initiatives and created improved Carrier Tracking services at an Enterprise level targeting an estimated $15M savings per year.
Worked on Release Launch and GTM Strategies as well as consulted on Brand Marketing and Sales. Launched the “Ship from Stores” feature for Canada with an estimated decrease in time to Customer Delivery by 50%.
Worked on Bad Debt initiative to recover customer payments owing to process improvements leading up to $20M in savings per year.
Utilized Data Analytics skills to be able to transform and model the existing data to ensure relevant inferences could be drawn to help with decision making. Collaborated on workflow creation on Forward Logistics as part of Supply Chain Process upgrade. Identified and incorporated customer feedback to improve Reverse Logistics workflow feeding back to Customer Service.
Worked with revenue growth and marketing strategies. Utilized Python and SQL and worked with the Database teams to extract and manipulate data sets to augment scenarios pertaining to feature implementation. Sitting in on JAD Sessions with Tech and QA Teams and successful delivery of proposed changes. Worked with and helped track product assets to feed into KPI Metrics. Collaboration with Service Based API Teams to identify and navigate business impacting attributes. Led Implementation of Features pertaining to better SKU / Vendor Code Determination as well as Customer presentation on Product Delivery.
Client: Columbia Sportswear Co., Beaverton, OR Mar 2018 – Oct 2020 Product Owner (eCommerce)
Responsibilities:
Review & Creation of User Requirements & User Stories Business/System focused. System validation Testing and sign-off in accordance with industry best practices. Creating Project Artifacts and leadership presentation on process and milestones. Consulted on pricing and product placement in collaboration with Sales and Marketing Teams. Prioritize backlog efficiently ensuring sustained incremental progress towards the vision. Build up the backlog in a way to ensure stakeholder requirements are addressed. Review and address of user feedback per User Interview and Customer feedback. Ensuring impediments are resolved effectively & efficiently. As a Data Analyst, have worked on researching and cleaning available data to present insights for market trends and site effectiveness.
Worked on Checkout and payments processing with multiple payment methods. Worked on and improved the Business Processes involved as well as collaborated with merchandising and Content/UI development teams to have a pertinent impact on features. Collaborated on creation of PIM (Product Information Management) facilitating the revamped platform. Worked on AEM in collaboration with UX team to determine the placement and retrieval of Digital Assets as part of DAM over the Product Display and Grid Pages. Utilized insights from customer impact matrices and other KPI’s to deliberate on Web Content
(Images/Videos) per WCM process as well as posting customer messaging (Alerts, Product Messaging, etc.) across the eCom site for landing and user journey pages. Reviewing and requesting extraction of Data attributes utilizing SQL Queries. Refined & improved customer engagement experience site-wide across Product Pages. Business voice for the brand-new implementation of a webpage based on SFRA. Proposed improved customer conversion trends via relevant KPIs. Responsible for Approval with regard to UAT/BVT Test cases and Bugs for Production. Managing and delivery of development and testing teams for multiple initiatives. Collaboration with DevOps Partners for Deployment of Features. Created and worked with Adobe Experience Manager for wireframes. Worked with Salesforce on updating Product Assets for presentation on UI. Mapped & worked on Asset Management as backend SFDC Platform was being upgraded. Anchor and lead multiple 3rd party vendor engagement and system integration. Client: American Red Cross, Washington D.C. Apr 2017 – Jan 2018 Sr. Business Analyst / Product Owner (eCommerce/OMS) Responsibilities:
Spearheaded requirement gathering and solution approach for new Order Management System (OMS). Elicitation of existing operational requirements for eCom and OMS processes and vision ahead. Creation of Requirements and implementation for an Omni-Channel experience in agreement with vendors. Ensuring Warehouse Management System (WMS) is able to reciprocate the requirements. Creation of Confluence & JIRA structure and tickets cataloging and tracing requirement workflows. Working with Legal and Organization level leadership to ensure the viability of market impacts. Design of Purchase Order Workflow with Finance and Administration Policy Stakeholders. Handle and consult on movement and structuring the hierarchy for storing of Digital Assets for the eCom site on Certificates and medical equipment utilizing DAM. Policy and approach strategy for Order fulfillment process, Returns policy, and process creation. As part of Supply Chain Management, workflow for Forward Logistics was created in collaboration with Drop-Ship Vendors and other 3rd party partners.
Creation and execution of User Stories, Test Cases, and Salesforce Case stories for OMS, Customer Support Organization, Policy and Administration, and Finance Teams, Inventory management and communication.
Validation and tracking of transactions workflow across CyberSource, Web focus Reporting, iCommerce Agent and SalesForce Service, SalesForce Commerce Clouds (Business Manager), and Order and Warehouse Management.
Utilizing SQL Queries to review data for initial review and analysis. The solution was implemented as part of the eCommerce site for Retail and Corporate Customers. Data Analysis and facilitation of reports availability and interpretation supporting business acumen. Client: T-Mobile USA, Bellevue, WA Apr 2015 – Mar 2017 Sr. System Analyst/Business Analyst (B2B E-Commerce Systems / POS Retail Payment Systems) Responsibilities:
Delivered successful multi-enterprise operational projects (17+) from initiation to implementation. Executed and created System Analysis and Design artifacts, Collaborated with Product and Business Owners.
Created and drove architectural and system-oriented solutions (including content management) toward achieving market expectations as well as maintaining customer engagement and satisfaction. Projects spanned B2C and B2B E-Commerce functionality and SFDC (Salesforce) including Offers management, inventory status, credit card processing, and equipment financing. Creation of Client Management processes.
Perform as Product Owner for accomplishing project objectives and created Project Charter across projects.
Working with Leadership to ensure budget allocation, risk compliance, project updates, and creating roadmap.
Backlog grooming, assigning of prioritized User stories across multiple projects, and streamlines. Created efficient cross-team requirement & design analysis in Agile/Scrum/Kanban and Waterfall approach. Created FSD/WSS/Rally Based User Stories documenting detailed design solutions including process flows and UI wireframes and screen compositions as well as relevant API Specifications and Traceability matrices.
Led JAD sessions for complex enterprise ecosystems as well as supported QAT/UAT/BVT for delivery. Implemented PCI compliance projects toward validation of Credit Card details and VESTA systems. Intense collaboration with development/testing resources to ensure implementation of business. Requirements and product management consolidation with executive leadership and business. User Stories creation for system-level EMV card payments solution for an end-to-end microservices delivery.
Creation of mapping relevant to the ecosystem and API swaggers ensuring pertinent communication. Implementing solutions utilizing microservices and Cloud-based accessibility on the PCF approach. Implemented enhancements and process improvements for SalesForce Opportunity, quote identification, and automation for B2B and Sales/Marketing initiatives. Client: Wells Fargo USA, Charlotte, NC Sept 2014 – Feb 2015 Technical / Business Analyst
Responsibilities:
Documented business rules for FX transactions for WF joining as CLS Direct Settlement Member. Created UI specifications in relevance to system implementations for CLS with data element mapping post-research of SWIFT elements and formats. Every element and attribute was mapped and identified with regard to specific message types for MT and MX messaging. Generated periodic reports based on a statistical analysis of the data from various time frames and currencies/regions using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS). Hands-on troubleshooting to resolve production issues, and implement CRs and enhancements. Created design specifications for multi-browser testing with browser compatibility scenarios Created knowledge repositories for the creation of WAM Id and analyzed SQL recurring tickets. Worked on a Trading platform involving Securities and processing of Trade payments. Facilitated and held discussions with various Business SMEs including Payments, Trade Capture, and Settlement with regard to SWIFT changes and their impact on their respective lines of business Client: Bank of America USA, Charlotte, NC/Monterrey, Mexico/Bangalore, India 2005-2014 Business Analyst / Technical Analyst/ Production Support/Developer Responsibilities:
Projects spanned Corporate BA Direct Portal, Mortgage applications, Global fraud, Bulk Foreign Exchange on Wires and Drafts, AML, and KYC operations impacting Direct-to-customer strategies. Automated user- based request/operations resulting in savings of millions of dollars and 35%-40% improved efficiency. Managed and created a Program (concept to delivery) that led to savings of up to 45% of previous expenses through configuration and reuse while eliminating redundant development and operational costs. Operational Support and strategized for Global Fraud detecting products and tools for Data management to replicate changes in user/flagged accounts/transactions. Handled redesign of Infrastructure approach. Elicitation and implementation of business requirements for a significant redesign of enterprise systems. Managed/led initiatives to ascertain and prepare asset management strategies for legacy systems and helped transition templates and database (Oracle, SQL) based applications for functional and data migration.
Worked in Treasury and Channel Payments for International Payments and Trade and Securities Services. Researched and resolved international transactions on SWIFT based messaging. Production support for issue resolutions with exhaustive tracking/documentation for fixes and enhancements.
Ownership as a Primary POC for International Payments for Bulk Foreign Transactions in ACH/Wires/Drafts payment across Global Systems impacting HNW Clients including Payment Gateway and processing details.
Created RACI, Project Charter, and Deployment schedules with regard to the Release and execution of projects.
Worked on Loan Origination tool and ensured requests are processed and issues are addressed in Mortgage.
Led Infrastructure Management as an SME for projects promoting and supporting relevant changes. Successful delivery and implementation of Cash Pro Online Payment application and Bank of America Direct application for the bank catering to the Retail sector as well as the Corporate Client base. Created roadmap strategies.
Created dashboards/reports to Leadership on process control for application performance and time to market.
Projects were delivered with 25% fewer defects and 40% faster from inception. Risk model creation and testing.
Created sequence and UML diagrams for application structure and program flow and Development of Java-based applications using J2EE (EJB, MDB), UI (JSP, Servlets, etc.) for Supply Chain Mgmt., Mortgage, and Payments.
EDUCATION:
Master of Computer Application, 2002 – 2005
College: Siddaganga Institute of Technology, India Bachelor of Science (Electronics Honors) 1999 – 2002 College: St. Edmund’s College, India
Contact this candidate