Claudia Rush
Buyer & Sourcing Management
ad4sxd@r.postjobfree.com • 956-***-****
LinkedIn • Dallas, TX, 75248
Successful and solutions-driven merchandising professional with a demonstrated record of achievement in increasing revenue and market share through strategic sourcing, cost negotiations, and product development. Adept at analyzing market trends, identifying opportunities for process improvements, and implementing innovative procurement strategies. Exceptional at negotiating win-win deals, sustaining long-term relationships with vendors, and fostering mutual growth. Strong knowledge of creating RFP (Request for Proposal) for building and receiving quotes. Committed to procuring quality goods without compromising on budget constraints and mitigating supply chain risks. Areas of Expertise
● Revenue & Profit Growth
● Buying & Procurement Operations
● Cost Reduction & Data Analysis
● Vendor Negotiation & Communications
● Product Development
● Strategic Planning & Execution
● Inventory & Stock Management
● Contract Management
● Team Training & Leadership
● Category Reinvention
● Product Life Cycle Management
● Cross-Department Collaboration
Professional Experience
Old Time Pottery
Sourcing Manager
2023 — Present
Conduct comprehensive competitive analysis across departments, leading to development of targeted strategy to increase sales volume. Identify strategic actions to enhance business performance and drive profitability.
● Forged alliances with multiple buying teams to optimize vendor matrix, introducing key performers to enhance costing and product quality for improvement in procurement efficiency.
● Implemented operational efficiencies and managed merchandising timeline calendars, resulting in a 30% reduction in project turnaround time and enhancing product development processes.
● Orchestrated RFP for bath towels, resulting in cost reduction of 25%, enhancing program efficiency and profitability.
● Secured average savings of 15%, bolstering cost-effectiveness and diversifying supplier relationships by introducing new vendors across categories.
At Home Plano, TX
Sourcing Manager (Seasonal Outdoor Décor, Trees, & Lighting, Rugs, Sourcing) 2014 — 2023
2021 – 2023
Collaborated with the buying team on execution of reinvention of trees and outdoor décor, aligning assortment with indoor décor and in-store experience, resulting in increased customer engagement and sales growth. Liaised with Buyers, Designers, and Product Partners to create assortments in alignment with market demand and company objectives. Analyzed Product Partner Matrix for quality, pricing, shipping time, and ROI, identifying opportunities for diversification and risk mitigation.
● Created and addressed Request for Proposal, achieving $2.8 million in cost savings on $65 million in sales, optimizing procurement efficiency, and enhancing profitability in fiscal year 2023 for Seasonal Christmas Trees & Lighting.
● Realized $3.9 million in cost savings on $132 million in sales and drove significant bottom-line improvement through Request for Proposal management in fiscal year 2021 for the Rug Department.
● Revamped rug assortment with good/better/best strategy and store layout redesign, leading to +23.4% comparative sales increase against company average of +18.4% in fiscal year 2021.
● Managed product development calendar for optimal efficiency, tracking production progress and proactively resolving vendor issues improving lead times by 30 days to ensure in stock rates for peak selling season. Page 1 2
Associate Buyer (Food Prep, Furniture, Buying) 2019 — 2021 Implemented good/better/best assortment, enhancing product offerings and driving customer engagement, resulting in sales growth and market competitiveness. Drove robust business decisions aligned with the company's financial objectives for profitability and growth in collaboration with planning, sourcing, marketing, and supply chain teams. Executed SKU rationalization based on current trends, optimizing inventory management by determining item lifecycles and exit strategies.
● Achieved a remarkable +46.5% comparative sales increase in Food Prep, surpassing company average of +19.9% via execution of reinvent strategy and introduction of new brands in line with market competition for fiscal year 2020.
● Attained +27.9% comparative sales increase in the Furniture category, outperforming company average of +19.9%, by strategizing and executing seating reinvention plan to enhance in-store customer experience for fiscal year 2020.
● Managed open-to-buy to control business changes during pre-season and in-season planning, working in tandem with Planner to capitalize on business opportunities and drive revenue growth. Assistant Buyer (Accent Furniture, Seasonal Decor, Buying) 2014 — 2019 Administered execution of all purchase order processing for accuracy and efficiency in inventory management and procurement processes. Proactively managed inventory and identified assortment risks in collaboration with Buyer with focus on optimizing product offerings and minimizing inventory-related challenges. Renovated categories by curating lifestyles tailored to every customer, resulting in enhanced product appeal and increased sales.
● Championed comparative sales increase of +23% in Floor Decor and +13% in Floor Botanicals, while exceeding company average of +3% for fiscal year 2019.
● Sourced core products improving lead times by 60 days and margins by 1500 basis points in fiscal year 2019.
● Contributed to significant +16% comparative sales growth and margin, surpassing company average of +4% by aiding in Seasonal Decor Reinvention through redesigning store layout by themes in fiscal year 2015. Additional Experience
Assistant Buyer, eCommerce JCPenney
● Boosted sales by 30% in white goods category by leveraging strategic buying methods.
● Achieved 10% increase in cold-weather item sales by using effective merchandising strategies. Account Manager Creata (Southwest Airlines Freedom Shop)
● Slashed annual warehouse cost worth $180K by fulfilling online orders in-store.
● Successfully enhanced sales by 140% in 2013 compared to previous year.
● Boosted sales revenue by 77% within the first six months as a buyer. Education
Bachelor of Business Administration in Marketing Texas A&M University Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance Texas A&M University Awards & Accolades
Do the Right Thing Award 2019
Champion of Core Values Award 2016
Support of Rookie Buyer of the Year Award 2015
Page 2 2
Contact this candidate