Experience

Education
July **** - Present
Product Manager
Williams Sonoma – Remote
Manage data integrity for the catalog by data cleansing, enrichment status reporting on Tableau for all vendor codes: adding filters and conditions to slice the PIM data.
Key features delivered include returns on CRT and HCL e-commerce, new buy on behalf of login in salesforce, bundles builder and updates to the pricing component.

Drive digital platform improvements by conducting user studies, own KPIs and track through A/B tests in Google Analytics 4, Quantum Metrics. Use QM dashboards and plug-in tools to prioritize features. Coordinate the releases, feature and enhancement backlog and present product demos to business and IT teams every sprint.

October 2022 – July 2023
Product Owner
Williams Sonoma – Remote
Led a new website redesign project for an omni-channel initiative – collaborated with the professional/ B2B furniture line merchants to define completeness and attribution for products, synchronized the product data and images stored in PIM for the West Elm furniture products with Adobe AEM and e-commerce plug-ins to Shop. Conducted user experience design sessions to update the UI Kit, create mockups for each reusable component and the webpages.

August 2021 - August 2022
Product Manager
KForce w2 contractor, Hotel & Casinos Client
Designed the shows data model, worked with the technical partners on REST APIs between the PIM and other surrounding systems of DAM and content stack CMS webpages with vendors such as Ticket Master to syndicate shows at arenas.

March 2018 - August 2021
Senior Automotive Data Specialist
DormaKaba
Automated the reporting of finance data for tracking automotive parts demand, inventory misses and sales by units sold. Documented the feature requests and UX mockups for new product detail pages (PDP) – Redesigned the e-commerce platform and updated the Mudflap tech stack for reporting.

May 2014 – May 2016
M.B.A in Operations
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill

March 2019 – January 2020
A.S. Computer Science
University of California, San Diego

Skills

product manager with 5 years of experience in e-commerce, data reporting and financial reporting for automotive parts for a reseller in PowerBI.
Jira for release planning and epics/user stories, Postman to test REST APIs for export-import, feature prioritization.
Customer facing systems, omni channel website redesign and customer journey.
Riversand PIM, Adobe AEM sites, Figma, REST APIs, JSON, Excel, Jira and Confluence

Contact

2900 Elmgate Way, Raleigh, NC 27614
732-***-****
ad4v9o@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/anachander
Contact this candidate