Name: Arushi Nainani
E-mail: ad4wd8@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 650-***-****
Current Location: Irving, TX 75063
Visa Status: US Citizen

Summary:
●As a Product Manager, with 7+ years of experience in product management, managing software products through the full lifecycle from MVP to general release and subsequent iterations, creating new product visions and designs for new innovative platform products.
●Excellent interpersonal skills, effective written & oral communication and presentation skills, self-starter, quick learner, and team player.
●Defining and owning Level 3 and level 4 of OKRs and measuring the product performance against defined KPIs
●Developing and enhancing highly complex products by developing and managing product vision, roadmap, discovery, implementation and scaling ambiguous initiatives by driving the product discovery process, conducting iterative prototyping, and executing multiple business plans and projects, to ensure business needs are being met.
●Hands-on experience in Agile & Lean Product development methodologies including lean UX testing and prototyping.
●I have designed and conducted AB multivariate test to optimize the experience.
●Experience in documenting configuration management procedures plans and processes.
●Owned, prioritized, and maintained the Product Backlog, including definition of user stories and acceptance criteria.
●Excellent skills to solve problems, analyze & design the business process, defining scope of the project including documentation of business rules, constraints, assumptions, business impacts, project risk and scope exclusion.
●As a Scrum master, I facilitated and coordinated Agile processes within my organization, ensuring team can work collaboratively and efficiently to deliver high-quality solutions.
●Served as a coach and mentor to our workstreams – helping to foster a culture of continuous improvement and ensuring that the team is meeting its objectives consistently.
●Experience in conducting Joint Application Development (JAD) and Rapid Application Development (RAD) sessions.
●Strong understanding of As-Is & To-Be business process, Business Process Modeling & Business Re-Engineering.
●Wrote test cases and logged and maintained defects on various defect tracking tool.
●Manually tested the mobile App and mobile responsive Application on Android and iOS.
●Developed Test Plans, Test Conditions and Test Cases based on business requirements, technical specifications, and product knowledge.

Education:
●Master’s degree in business administration, Major in Finance and Accounting from GTU University, India, 2014(Graduated)
●Bachelor’s degree in science, Physics and Statistics from Bhavnagar University, India, 2006(Graduated)
Skills:
●Strength: CX, UI/UX, B2B, Market research, Integration, LLM, Chatbot, OKRs, KPIs, A/B testing, Leadership, Authentication & Authorization, API features, messaging platform, data-driven execution strategy, Roadmaps, Competitor Analysis, Product launch
●Methodologies: Waterfall, Agile, Kanban, SAFe.
●Adobe Products: Target, Audience Manager, Marketo, Analytics, Adobe Mobile SDK
●Systems: KPATHS, CDIS, PAARS, Cadance, Epic MyChart, IVR system, Chatbot, Bard(LLM)
●Documents: Vision and Scope, Roadmap, SWOT Analysis, Epics, User Stories in BDD/TDD format, Audit Logging requirements, Event and Error Handling Sheets, Burndown charts, Demo Decks, Business Requirement Documents, Functional Requirements Document, System Requirement Document, Data Mapping, As-Is To-be Comparison, Overview Decks, Impact Analysis, Compliance requirements documents, User stories Mapping
●Databases: MySQL
●Web Design: HTML5, CSS3

Professional Experience:

Kaiser Permanente, Pleasanton CA
12/2020 to Present.
Product Experience Lead
Kaiser Permanente serves more than 12 million members and most of them access their electronic health records through various digital channels. As Identity Product Manager, I am responsible to provide our consumers with secure and personalized access to their health information through these digital channels while ensuring continuous improvement and high value to our business. Within the Digital Product Solutions team, we follow the dictate 'Make It Matter. Be Consumer Obsessed.'
Responsibility:
Overall manager for kp.org digital identity services (Registration, Sign On, Forgot Password, Forgot User Id, and proxy access to medical information, Call center Applications and kp.org services) across multiple channels, serving over 20 million registered users, leading team of business analysts to define and develop user-centered experiences provisioning and accessing kp.org services and enhance existing features.
As Experience lead, brought to market the ability for non-member caregivers to have digital access to refill prescriptions, make appointments, and email KP providers on behalf of their KP family members. This multi-year project modified over 15 capabilities on the site, made key database and infrastructure changes, and created several new web services that will enable future role-based identity changes. Expected cost savings are $4.7M over 5 years.
Partner with cross-functional teams, including engineering, design, marketing, sales, operations, and customer support, to define and deliver high-quality products used by external and internal customers.
Responsible for working with leaders across the organization to understand the needs of our stakeholders and clients, gather requirements, maintain existing tools, and prioritize new tools that increase retention and client engagement.
Leading product backlog prioritization with an attention to detail on competing priorities as they relate to business needs, collaborating to ensure effectiveness of the process and accountability of all stakeholders and establish a positive working relationship with the research, advisory and engineering teams in the US & India
Playing crucial role in developing the vision and driving the execution of our technology platform serving our customers.
Develop and execute the product vision, strategy, and roadmap.
Implemented new capabilities for the KP Flagship native mobile apps (Android and iOS platforms)
AEM (Marketo) Implementation: conducted extensive market research to identify use cases, customer
Introducing Chatbot and LLM (bard) for Admin tools to help navigate the Traffic/callers for providing help
Responsible for development of key performance indicators (KPI) and Objective and Key Results (OKR) and foundation of business decisions and continuously redefining OKRs, timelines and Milestones
Adept in building customer-centric roadmaps and defining Objectives and Key Results (OKRs) to execute and deliver on the vision.
Developed and led team to implement pilot and national rollout strategy for re-platformed and redesigned site on Adobe Experience Manager (AEM) to 6 million members across 7 regions, including identification of optimal release cadence, dependency management, operational readiness, communication strategy, and contingency planning.
Served as the business unit authority and subject matter expert on all assigned products to ensure KP has the right digital products in place long term to support corresponding value stream and business capabilities and to meet user/customer expectations.
Serving as the voice of the customer to ensure that all plans will enable KP to ensure maximum value and alignment with the product vision and partners with customer experience team to ensure the appropriate personas are understood and incorporated within the product vision.

Kaiser Permanente, Pleasanton CA
04/2017 to 12/2020
Digital Product Manager (Mobile and Desktop)
Leading 3 teams to migrate functionality from Portal to Adobe platform, also creating roadmap with new items and enhancement of existing features.
Product: Identity Access Management, Appointments, Pharmacy, support center application, Compliance (FHIR API integration),Claim processing.
Responsibility:
●Interacted with executives, product sponsors, key stakeholders, technical and business teams, and target customers to help define and deliver MVPs for ongoing feature sets.
●Identifying business opportunities and how to best support them with product and platform capabilities.
●Planned and managed multiple parallel projects and scrum Team to consistently meet sprint plans and commitments.
●Developed SWOT-based portfolio strategy to distinguish between customer wants vs real market needs via research, survey and analyzed current healthcare customer segments to provide personalized care.
●Gather, evaluate, and prioritize customer requirements. Responsible for crafting the Product Requirements Document, Business Case, and help the Product Developer with bringing new product/features to market.
●Continuously managed Product Development, Release Planning and Life Cycle Management, establish and modify priorities and define new instances of products and/or releases to achieve overall business objectives. Managed product enhancements and costs throughout the life of a product. Developed sound product withdrawal and migration plans.
●Worked closely with our UX Designers, Sales, Marketing and Members to integrate usability feedback, market analysis, and customer research into product requirements and write user stories to ensure products meet customer needs and exceed customer expectations.
●Highly experienced in the development of web, native app, and hybrid app products, with a proven history of successfully delivering consumer-centric digital solutions to market.
●Utilize the right key performance indicators (KPI's) to measure the product performance using Adobe Analytics tool.
●Conducted Agile ceremonies and highly involved in prioritizing and sequencing the backlog of epics/features/user stories according to business value, throughout the release and sprint planning cycles.
●Identified and executed A/B & Multivariate tests to optimize the overall web experience. Created overall A/B testing plan and roadmap.
●Helped in integrating Marketo for running Campaign around Flu shot Campaign, Covid vaccination.
●Communicated the project status, readiness, issues and risks to management & stakeholders.
●Acted as product expert, knowing the functional and technical capabilities inside and out.
●Trained internal teams on product development changes and be the go-to resource for the teams as questions arise. Assisted in development of training materials for new technology.
●Leading the squads in self-organization cross-functional skillset domain knowledge and effective communication
●Facilitating sprint planning stand-ups retrospectives and other Agile ceremonies.
●Ensuring work is appropriately balanced across team members and that all work is captured within the backlog Helping and assessing in the creation of other scrum artefacts as the Sprint Backlog
●Guiding the scrum teams to follow Agile and Scrum practices to actively promote prioritization, team readiness, and commitment for each Sprint
●Optimizing scrum team velocity to identify improvement opportunities to achieve higher levels of team performance
●Dependencies management: Facilitate active Scrum of Scrums (or similar) model to scale agile teams and mitigate dependencies across multiple teams
●Quarterly Release Planning: Facilitates release planning efforts including creating waterlines, scheduling, coordination, and facilitation
●Lead the Business Analyst group for the Uncleared Margin Rules project.
●Collaborated a team of BAs ad QAs to ensure aligment of requirements and understanding of product across each member of team
●Develop strategies and solutions for large scale data reconciliations.
●Create and maintain a Sprint plan. Create and maintain a resource schedule in-line with the sprint plan.
●Gather business requirements for the various features identified for a sprint.
●Acted as Subject Matter Experts in clarification of business requirements.
●Document business requirements (feature reference documents).
●Maintained Daily Status and Progress Reports to quantitatively measure the state of the system as the bugs were being reported and fixed by the Developers.
●Develop Test Plan Document, Test Procedures, Test cases for manual testing.
●Responsible for getting bugs resolved by identifying bugs, recording them, and consistently follow up with technical team to get a resolution.
●Using JIRA as a defect tracking tool for Product backlog and reporting bugs.
●Conduct initial data quality validation before QA hand-off.
●Validate and sign-off on high level design documents and QA testing strategy and test plans.
●Track schedule adherence and conformance to requirements for the project deliverables for each sprint to provide sign-off.
●Ensure smooth and successful implementation of each sprint. Create Sprint Release notes in collaboration with release management team
●Involved in UAT of the applications by providing users with test cases and scenarios, and guiding them during the testing process.
●BA with experience in gathering business, functional and system requirements, software implementation, product demonstration and providing training to end uses.
●Assigned pass or fail status and managed UAT testing result.
●Manually tested the mobile responsive Application on Android and iOS

Gilead Sciences, Foster City, CA
04/2015 to 07/2016
Sr. Product Analyst/Scrum Master
Working on Legacy product and collecting requirements through reverse engineering
Product: CRM, Database Redesign, pharmacy data management
Responsibilities:
●Elicited and gathered new business requirements by brainstorming & reverse engineering.
●Involved in JAD sessions with stakeholders, subject matter experts (SME), end-users and developers to gather new requirements -definition.
●Created BRD (Business Requirement Document), System Specifications Document (SSD), User Requirement Document (URD) for all the applications.
●Designed prototypes for enhancing and rebranding the applications. Developed web pages using HTML5, JavaScript and Bootstrap. Designed and developed the layouts using CSS, Box model and HTML 5
●Prepared & maintained Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM) and “AS-IS and TO-BE” documents
●Responsible for creating Use Cases, Test Cases, and Business Process Models that included modeling of all the activities of business.
●Performed compatibility testing with various mobile handsets to ensure that functionality working as expected.
●Gained Strong knowledge of agile principles, and concepts.
●Conducted short term and long-term release planning and to keep work backlog healthy and prepared for execution's.
●Shielding the teams from external interference to enable optimal functionality and productivity.
●Anticipated and addressed potential or actual impediments to team delivery (cultural barriers logistics challenges)
●Facilitated program daily standups, PMO sprint planning, sprint review, and sprint retrospective
●Identified and troubleshoot obstacles that are hindering the workstreams progress.
●Promoted continuous improvement through retrospectives and feedback sessions
●Communicated project status, risks and issues to stakeholders
●Run Compatibility Testing (cross Windows/ Mac and Android/ iOS platforms, cross browsers, cross mobile devices - phones, tablets, iPads etc)
●Wrote test cases in HP ALM and logged and maintained defects on various defect tracking tool HP ALM depending on the device.
●Developed and Maintained overall Test Methodology and Strategy, documenting Test plans, Test Cases, & executing them based on baseline requirements
●Used SQL queries extensively during testing to verify that notifications (email/SMS) are generated in the backend tables by different event triggers
●Responsible for setting up/maintaining the UAT data to allow users, testers to access the environment and perform testing activities
●Worked with the Project manager in taking Go/No-Go decisions for the launch of product releases
●Developed, managed and reviewed all process policy statements training manuals and relevant supporting documentation
●Managed end to end test phase by leading defect review meetings, following –up on bug fixes, test execution & reporting the same to stakeholders & senior management.

Performant Financial Corporation, Livermore, CA
05/2014 to 03/2015
Business Systems Analyst/Quality Analyst
Product: Mortgage Loan System (Orientation)
Responsibilities:
●Designed the business requirement collection approach based on the project scope and SDLC Methodology.
●Interviewing business users to gather requirements and analyze the feasibility of their needs by coordinating with the project manager and technical lead.
●Created context based help on various sign up pages to increase retention rate of applicants filling out mortgage forms.
●Identifying, researching, investigating, analyzing, defining opportunities for business process improvement, documenting business processes and initiating efforts to make improvements.
●Meet with Financial Reporting Analyst and Business Intelligence Analysts to discuss impacts a feature will have to their reports and to the Data Warehouse for Financial Revenue recognition.
●Accessed and queried data using SQL queries for Data Analysis/Data Mining and generated reports in Excel.
●Created customized User Forms for applying enhancements and changes in excel based reports. Used Pivot tables and Charts extensively to customize reports and visualization.
●Preparing Business Requirement Documents (BRD), creating use case documents, business process models, use case diagrams and sequence diagrams.
●Conducting and participating in JAD sessions with stakeholders and system users to collect the software requirement specifications (SRS)
●Worked with huge customer data for spotting trends on Accounts Receivables, Payments, Treasury, etc.
●Analyzing and translating business requirements into system specifications, communicating with the business on a broader scale as well as with an in-depth view.
●Developed Testing Strategies and managed development of detailed test plans and schedules, managed all the levels of tests (including performance) for different test phases - planning, design, setup, execution, and defect management.
●Recorded, reported and closed defects using JIRA through the entire test life cycle. Reported defects using Rational Clear Quest and verified fixes and closed bugs during regression testing. Used JIRA to Report, track and, monitor defects. Produced Requirements Traceability Matrix to support the application development.
●Assisting the PM in setting realistic project expectations and evaluating the impact of changes on the organization, planning accordingly and conducting project related presentations.
●Documented test plans, test scenarios and test cases for integration, regression and user acceptance testing (UAT) to improve overall quality of the Application.
Contact this candidate