DELANEY HAYNES
314-***-**** ad4xox@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn Digital Product Manager Scrum Master, CSM, CSPO WORK EXPERIENCE
Fidelity Investments Westlake, Texas
Scrum Master September 2021- March 2024
● Coordinated and facilitated meta-scrum ceremonies across 5 squads using the Scrum at Scale framework to organize multi-team projects and releases. Tracked and monitored the multi-year phased product roll outs and initiatives.
● Implemented the integration of agile techniques, achieving a 27% increase in team velocity over two quarters, facilitated the transition from monthly to bi-weekly releases, streamlining project timelines, and enhancing productivity.
● Spearheaded monthly installs for product domain that included weekly status updates, coordinating QA testing across environments, coverage for installs, deploying across sites, and distribution of release notes for 7,000 associates.
● Partnered with the Product Owner to maintain and refine the product backlog, Collaborated to identify and align the team's sprint goals, overall product vision, and to establish key performance indicators.
● Facilitated all scrum events including daily scrum, sprint planning, refinements, sprint reviews, retrospectives, and demos.
● Managed production errors and high-impact incidents for 10 teams within the product area using ServiceNow.
● Onboarded and directed 7 summer interns in agile methodologies, product development, and project execution.
● Served as a mentor for the pathway from analyst to Agile Project Management. Mentored 5 aspiring scrum masters and helped 3 transition into the role.
Digital Solutions Analyst, Salesforce Platform December 2019 - September 2021
● Managed product life cycle from user experience research, story writing, A/B Testing, through product roll out, Leading to a 39% boost in user productivity.
● Led development for new functionality on digital platforms for wealth management teams and others using the Salesforce CRM. Analyzed quantitative metrics and led qualitative research through interviews, A/B testing, and product roll outs.
● Revamped support ticketing process in ServiceNow for 5 teams, saving an average of 1.5 days in ticket resolution time.
● Deconstructed complex functionality into detailed and comprehensive release notes utilized by 17,000 associates.
● Point-person for SAAS projects. Provided competitive analysis across 3 SAAS products and service offerings comparing features, cost, environment stability, compatibility with services, and ease of use/ onboarding. Product Associate, Emerging Leader Program July 2018 - December 2019
● Partnered with iOS and Android teams to develop new features for advisors to kickstart the “Work From Anywhere” initiative, creating functionality to allow 11,000 associates to work remotely.
● Conducted 4 months of competitive research to develop a compelling capstone presentation for C-Suite executives, Advocating for an expansion in the Private Wealth Management offering. The New York Times New York, New York
Audience Insights Intern June 2017 - August 2017
● Delved into quantitative and qualitative research findings to tailor A/B testing experiences on the desktop homepage for specific user segments, Achieved a 41% uplift in click-through rates and reduction in bounce rate.
● Spearheaded comprehensive research and competitive analysis, integrating human-centered principles into app development, Advocated for evergreen content implementation to captivate post-Millennial and Gen-Z audiences, Guided targeted segments through subscription funnel.
SKILLS AND CERTIFICATIONS
Skills: JIRA, JIRA Align, Salesforce, ServiceNow, MURAL, SQL, Agile Project Management, Product Roadmapping, A/B Testing, Human Centered Design, User Experience Research, Digital Product Management Certifications: Certificate in Project Management Fundamental Tools and Techniques (NYU School of Professional Studies) Certified Scrum Master, Certified Product Owner (Scrum Alliance), Registered Scrum at Scale Practitioner (Scrum Inc.) EDUCATION
Spelman College Atlanta, Georgia
B.A. in Political Science
Contact this candidate