Adrian Hudson
Houston, TX Phone: C 713-***-****
E-Mail: ad4xdu@r.postjobfree.com

Objective
To obtain a career where my professional background as an influential leader, who’s able to be productively,
multi-task, motivates and organizes others. To seek a professional environment which can utilize a detail-directed problem solver with a great attitude and who works well with other team members. My extensive work experience will bring a full range of valuable skills to the organization and the position available.

Experiences

Old Castle APG a CRH Com
pany/ Calstone
Plant Manager
02-23-02-24
-
Directed and oversees organization’s manufacturing processes.
Safety Initiatives Developed safety programs and measures promoting plant safety.
Plant Operations, startup, and managed numerous aspects of capital capacity increase projects.
Spec out, purchase install and startup new operations/projects.
Met capital budgets, coordinated plant startups, projects and projected cost goals and objectives.
Product manufacturing increased local plant volume by 10%, product quality vastly improved and delivered cost beat projections increasing gross profit by 14%
Responsible for planning and directing the layout of equipment, workflow, assembly methods, and work force utilization.
Participate in the procurement of all raw materials, supplies and other production needs.
Oversees upkeep of equipment as well as installation of any new equipment, molding, pumps, compressors.etc.
Provide effective advice and services in order to maintain and improve machinery, equipment and facilities.
Review all recommendations for performance management for production personnel.
Review and discuss results of production reports and profit-loss statements.
Responsible for Capex projects and Pacific Quick flash
Enforces compliance with all OSHA regulations and ensures plants and locations operate in a safe and secure manner.

Republic National Distribution Company Morgan Hill, CA
Warehouse/Production Manager
01-22 – Present
Oversee 11 billion bottle wholesale beverage alcohol distribution.
Motivating, supporting, and providing guidance to production staff
Ensuring all safety and health standards are met to keep an organization accident-free.
Communicating regularly with upper management regarding problems or issues impacting production
Evaluating machine resources to ensure continued production and minimal downtime.
Establishing a balance between increased productivity and reduced costs of manufacturing operations
Setting productivity goals for each manufacturing team
Developing workflow policies and procedures that improve efficiency without compromising safety or quality.
Ensuring adequate scheduling of staff
Develop 5S and KPI indicators for operation.

AB Sugar/British Foods USA Germain Seed Technology Gilroy, CA
Warehouse /Production Manager
9-2019 -7-2021
Responsible for providing leadership and management15 million in Sales, Warehouse, Quality Production departments. Ensure that all Germain’s 150 employees always adhere to site safety procedures, quality and GMPs.
Drive to perform best seed quality to customer needs. (Sugar Beets, Sunflower, Heinz, Green Giant, Holiday Seed, Mission Ranch, Syngenta, etc.)
Compliance with inspection findings of local, state, and federal health authorities.
Provided support for Research, Development, Quality, and Manufacturing Engineering departments, while reporting to the Vice-President of Operations.
Oversaw the weekly creation of dashboards for live monitoring of assembly-line production.
Facilitating and scheduling Tier1 and Teir2 & 3 meetings daily.
Facilitating and scheduling weekly runs with 8 Lines, 52 Dryer Beds and Clippers for all production with 70 nonunion staff. Implementation of HSE safety and company policies. (Prerequisites, GMPs, SOPs/SSOPs and SQF
Developed comprehensive employee training and development program to promote and document cross training, new employee training and orientation, and safety awareness.
Utilized lean and Six Sigma methods to streamline workflow and ensure cost-effective production. Improve manpower utilization within existing department and process to ensure schedule stability that allows for maximum return on efficiencies.

Kerry Foods Chocolate /TCW Union City, CA Production/Warehouse Manager
08-2018 - 9-2019 (Contract/TEMP)
Manage 30 million in annual sales, 150 employees.
Responsible for managing entire plant operations with full P & L responsibilities.
Responsible for transportation of a fleet of 10 tractors & 18 trailers.
Oversee the safety requirement and assure all Kerry Foods associates are fully capable of achieving GMP’s, Quality, Food Safety, and sanitary expectations.
Evaluate each department/station of the manufacturing/production process to ensure maximum efficiency.
Responsible for daily production requirements in accordance with Quality Control, GMP, SQF Level, HACCP and State and Federal regulations.
Manage outbound/inbound of raw/finish goods INT/DOM
Schedule production run daily with W/O and picking functions and follow-up with team meetings, shift reports and pass downs.
Conduct hourly audits with QC to ensure best practice.
Drive to perform best food quality to customer needs.

Notable Accomplishments
Instituted 5’s program.
. Instituted safety program
Started Lean Distribution / Manufacturing program
Implemented racking location and scan to track system.

UPS San Leandro CA Operation Manager 4-201*-**-**** (Contract)
Manage day-to-day inbound and outbound warehouse operations, including sorting (Amazon QVC Kaiser, Macy etc ) mail, unloading, check-in and put-away
Planning implements and monitors KPIs. Overseeing warehouse activities including kitting, shipping, inventory management.
Team Meeting – Daily and Weekly meetings conducted to disseminate information on general business topics such as CCP/PPM/PPH, safety (near misses), compliance, and management of downtime.
Manages employees time to ensure reduced overtime. Budgeting and setting goals to maximize margins and grow profitability. Strive to gain/maintain a high level of customer satisfaction, uses customer feedback as a gauge and a way to improve performance.
Overseeing warehouse activities including kitting, shipping, inventory management.

Tesla Fremont CA Production Supervisor 9-201*-*-****
Responsible for the overall Safety and 5S of their area or shift. This includes monitoring to ensure that all
employees comply with safety regulations and the plant's safety program.
Automotive Manufacturing Operations the movement of model M3/MS/MX throughout the plant.
Provide the shift-to-shift communication link to keep all team members working toward the same goals.
Communicate to employees all issues that affect the plant.
Work with employees to resolve technical and personnel problems.
Associate Coaching – Engage employees individually through regular communication and interaction with informal as well focused conversations to help them achieve their developmental goals.
Ensure quality standards are being met throughout the entire production process.
Process Improvement for the team to zone workstations.

Hyde & Hyde Corona CA Warehouse/Production Supervisor 5-2017 - 9-2017(Contract)
Supervised the preparation of production schedules, preparation and assembly of meat product.
Directed and supervised compliance with inspection findings of local, State, and federal health authorities.
Maintained files and records and submitted reports on site cleaning and sanitizing and food preparation. Supported the implementation and management of HACCP/USDA and FDA
Implemented variable production schedules (VPS) for each workstation.
Monitored all aspects of food handling, storage, preparation, assembly, packing, and quality control.
SAP for multiple functions to include inventory transactions, shipping, reports, and daily queries.
Reported weekly KPI's to Logistics Manager including, FIFO Accuracy, Reservation Timing Metrics, KANBAN /Metrics, Cycle Count Accuracy
Utilized SAP, Outlook and MS Office software to provide accurate product and financial reporting.

CSM Bakery Solution Pico Rivera CA Production Supervisor 8-2015 - 4-2017
Supervise and coordination of activities of production workers in processing materials and manufacturing products.
Ensure adherence to Quality/HACCP/FDA/SQF L2/GMP standards and safety rules.
Actively participate in improving workplace environment, employee safety, food safety, sanitation, process efficiency, and food quality.
Confers with Management and employees on departmental problems and recommends changes or work practices to improve department standards.
Documents steps taken to resolve deficiencies. Ensures that employees adhere to company policies and work rules.
Bake product at High Temp and using Kettles to produce and pack all finish products.
Conducts disciplinary actions, participate, train, and supervise mid-shift and 5s cleaning.
Coordinate 1st and 2nd and swing shift to conduct all pass down.
Represents Department at company meetings, functions and/or activities.
Oversee all (Frozen fruit, Cocoa, Cheese, Sugar, Flour) ingredients.

Quest Nutrition City Of Industries, CA Plant Manager 10-2014 - 08-2015
Monitored all (100+) Inbound/Outbound Supervisor/ Leads/ Bin/Bulk pullers employees’ day-to-day activities in & out the food plant.
Coached and trained all supervisors of HACCP, SQF Level 2&3, FDA and OSHA state guidelines of food & safety processing.
Received and ship (raw material/dry good) food production orders using FIFO. Picking company online network with great customer service in calls and callbacks. Small wholesale, small parcel orders, VIP Kits, Kitty Pack, E-Commerce, and thru DHL/FedEx/USPS online.
Hourly inspections through zones, inspected material dates, dated codes, lot numbers & equipment.
Planned work schedules, assignments, and production sequence, to meet production goals & daily review, meetings with managers, account directors, leadsman & employees.
Swift Pic-Pick to light system picking productivity to double in flow/shelf rack picking, mobile cart picking and assembly/kitting workstations.
(See Below)
Managed order processing and outbound carton flow across multiple order picking zones to increase outbound. Manage daily special projects and special events across the globe.
Worked with our 3PL (International/Domestic) partners to maintain our cost of all transportation inbound and outbound. Small wholesale and small parcel orders through DHL/FedEx/USPS online.

Huhtamak Los Angeles, CA DC Warehouse/Production Manager 08-2009 - 07-2014
Organize and direct operation in Los Angeles, CA of up to 150 employees, $43 million in sales,
Provide leadership and directions to the manufacturing team in areas such as safety, planning, cost, efficiency, GMP’s, HACCP/SQF level2 quality and customer service.
Manage the plant scheduling process to meet the customer’s expectation, by optimizing the use of plant resources to complete assigned tasks. Work closely with the Six Sigma staff.
Provide direct decisions with Plant Controller and Purchasing Manager.
Review manufacturing and operating reports to ensure minimum cost and prevent operation delay.
Embrace changes and participate in continuous improvement of manufacturing and control systems.
Develop, mentor, cross train Supervisors, Leads and 100+ employees to follow all SOP’s, safety procedures and safety stop cards.
Notable Accomplishments:
Reduce OT costs by 50% that lead to a savings of $220k annually for the Company.
First ever audit at Huhtamaki. Our team excelled with our inventory being at 97% with 23 million.
under the roof. As a result, I was rewarded for outstanding performance, outstanding food plant four years straight and Plant Manager of the year for five consecutive times for safety, GMP, and customer services.

OFFICEMAX CFC Garden Grove, CA Production Supervisor 11-2007 - 06-2009
Communicate effectively with other supervisors and the Assistant Manager on day-to-day operational activities.
Conduct safety audits and daily safety reviews.
Train and develops (60) hourly employees to meet expectations.
Review daily manpower and production requirements and adjusts when needed.
Overlook Tier 1 & Tier 2 meeting with staff for announcement impacting the team.
Monitor loading dock policies and (SOP) procedures.
Review’s productivity and issues corrective action when necessary, using Red Prairie/RACE/AS400.
Conducts daily observations to ensure our LPH 60 and above.
Ensure a high level of customer service through maintaining finished goods inventory levels.

Notable Accomplishments:
Recognized as Manager of the month for three consecutive months and was rewarded financially.
Improved our performance and improved OTD from 78% to over 100% on deliveries and pick and pack ratio also improved from 87% to100 %.
Successfully saved 25million annually by leading a team that ensure high level of customer service through maintaining finished goods inventory levels.
Increased turns of finished goods.
Eliminated overtime and controlled expenses.

NUTRAMAX PRODUCTION Houston, TX Manufactory/DC Manager 9-1998 - 9-2007
Overlook all processing that develops pharmaceutical products and produces generic or brand medications and
medical devices in various departments within Houston & Atlanta DC.
Supervised 100+ Shipping, Packers, Assertor, Pullers, & High-Pickers 2 Leads & 2 Supervisor) employees.
Conducted outbound function using AS400 monitoring conveyor system. Overlook all SOP within the DC.
Planed work schedules, assignments, production sequences, & QC inspection to meet customer goals.
Met daily with all managers, account directors, and employees to drive production efforts to achieve revenue, and highest margin.
Reviewed employee’s payroll, attendance, production & accuracy, daily, weekly & monthly.
Established priorities forecasting & scheduling strategies month end/quarterly & complete raw materials & finished goods production plans.
Powerhouse/WMS -Warehouse Management Powerhouse/TMS - Transportation Management Powerhouse -Internet Portal Fast Track - Modular WMS Implementation & Swift Pic.
(See Below)

Notable Accomplishments
Saved company over $200K in 4 a year period cutting OT and by eliminating two shifts that was not essential to operations.
Instituted 5’s program.
Instituted safety program.
Started Lean Distribution / Manufacturing program.

Education
Texas Southern University 1991-1996
Business Management B.A.S
Skills
Knowledge in logistics and supply chain. Auto, Food, Corrugated/Plastic, Medical Devices, Warehouse, Production, Coffea, Bottle, Agriculture, Seed Planting, Sugar Beets, etc. Excellent leadership, communication, analytical, organizational and time management skills. Thrive in both independent and group work environments. Known for developing and executing innovative policies and procedures, great at streamlining work and creating a team environment to increase productivity. Energetic and self-starter with capacity to work under minimal supervision. At ease in high stress, fast-paced situations with emerging and multiple responsibilities, very strong leadership, Excellent communication skills, competent strong team player attention to detail, dutiful respect for compliance in all regulated environment, Exemplary supervisory skills including hiring, termination, scheduling, training, and payroll. Training & mentoring each employee in best practice to meet high standard performance.

Core Competencies
WMS Pick to Light SAP SQL Red Prairie RACE AS400 AS900 PMS Oracle Qlik Reports Lean Manufacturing Systems Visual Mfg. Systems Supply Chain Management Food Service Manufacturing BA S I C S Q L Supplier Development Distribution CPG Labeling & Printing Change Management Microsoft Office Manhattan Problem Solving Dematic System Sourcing & Negotiations Distribution ERP Systems RFS Project Planning Molding Plastic Extrusion Forecasting Baan Infor LN Team Building Report Writing Cost Reduction Automotive Manufacturing Operations, Pavers/Block Manufacturing
Contact this candidate