Jill Winkler
678-***-**** ad4z0o@r.postjobfree.com

PROFILE
A results-driven B2B marketing professional with proven success developing go-to-market strategy, and leveraging digital and offline marketing tactics to achieve business and sales goals for SaaS technologies.

SKILLS
-Strategic Messaging -Campaign Planning/Management -Product & Services Marketing
-Competitive Research -Content Strategy -Sales Enablement/Training

EXPERIENCE
Syntellis Performance Solutions, Senior Product Marketing Manager (July 2021 to September 2023)
Responsible for developing vertical marketing strategy to achieve awareness and lead generation goals for the organization’s financial SaaS technologies designed for academic medical centers and higher education institutions.

Highlights
Developed annual marketing plans, working cross-functionally with product management, sales, and customer success teams to ensure alignment with customer and market needs. Campaign efforts as of August 2023 generated $11.4M in sales pipeline – 240% of annual goal.
Managed campaign budget and execution, collaborating with the marketing operations team, including content, digital, graphics, SEO, and PR/AR colleagues, to deploy digital and offline tactics.
Conducted competitive analysis, and VOC and market research, applying analytical skills to identify key differentiators and develop/refine product messaging, including value propositions.
Ensured consistent communication of messages across marketing and sales channels by leading planning and training sessions.
Planned and executed product launch strategies for new solutions, including key message development and sale enablement materials, such as sales presentations and demo videos.
Revamped product launch process working cross-functionally to streamline activities and approval processes to ensure timely execution.
Oversaw presence at industry conferences, preparing speaking proposals – securing speaking engagements at 80% of the events in 2023.
Defined agenda for company’s annual user conference, partnering with customers and industry experts to secure their participation in speaking sessions and developing presentations.
Engaged in analyst and media relations activities, helping secure articles and inclusion in analyst reports to raise brand awareness and position SMEs as industry thought leaders.
Managed partnership marketing, developing the messaging platform for the Ellucian and Syntellis combined offering and devising campaigns to raise awareness and support sales efforts.
Reported ROI of marketing activities to key stakeholders on a quarterly basis.

Oversight Systems, Senior Product Marketing Manager (April 2019 to July 2021)
Created organization’s product marketing discipline, including go-to-market strategies for products and services, as well as messaging and sales enablement practices, to drive demand and awareness of the company’s AI-driven financial technology offering.

Highlights
Created launch plans for new SaaS offerings and product updates, which included lead generation campaigns to fill sales pipeline.
Developed value propositions and key messaging by remaining aware of business and market trends, and competitive landscape to effectively position products.
Leveraged anonymized client data to develop quarterly trend reports that provided customers with insight on navigating organizational spend during the pandemic. Reports were adopted SAP Concur, a partner organization, for distribution to their customer base.
Led company’s rebranding effort, working with an outside vendor to capture customer, employee, and executive inputs and construct the organization’s brand identity and purpose.
Managed media and analyst relations to raise profile of company. Secured 15 media placements in six months.
Developed and managed sales enablement materials and all product-related content, including copy for new website, case studies, presentations, and call scripts.
Oversaw content strategy to communicate product-value story and position key stakeholders as industry thought leaders.
Managed partnership marketing, working closely with the SAP Concur team to provide sales trainings, develop marketing collateral, and coordinate web events and campaigns.

Change Healthcare, Senior Marketing Manager, Product Marketing (January 2018 to April 2019)
Developed marketing strategy and executed annual plans to drive demand and brand awareness of revenue cycle software and services for hospital and physician markets.

Highlights
Built and executed marketing demand generation campaigns to grow the sales pipeline, leveraging multiple digital and offline tactics. Tracked results and provided closed-loop reporting to executive leadership team. Achieved lead generation goal each month.
Managed a high-profile demand generation initiative targeting physician practices, labs, and billing services companies. Achieved annual lead and revenue goals by Q3 of fiscal year.
Constructed and executed go-to-market strategies for new products, working closely with multidisciplinary product release teams to ensure proper messaging, timing, and overall success of the launch.
Leveraged Sirius Decisions methodology to ensure materials support the buyer’s journey and address challenges of each buyer persona.
Provided messaging training to inside and outside sales, including monthly training webinars.
Oversaw thought leadership efforts, securing media opportunities and speaking engagements.
Developed and managed content, including sales presentations and toolkits, landing pages, case studies, website copy, brochures, white papers, and videos.
Managed channel partner relationships and developed unique marketing plans for their customer/membership base.

WIKA Americas, Sr. Marketing Manager, Campaigns & Communications (October 2012-January 2018)
Provided strategic marketing direction to drive demand for technologies and increase brand awareness in key market segments. Managed internal and external communications.

Highlights:
Built and executed multi-channel marketing campaigns to drive demand. One campaign led to a sales deal of more than $1million in annual recurring revenue.
Oversaw social media and content strategy to support demand generation and SEO – served on the global SEO strategy team. Increased organic search by 175%.
Conducted market research, including competitive analysis, to construct solid sales messaging. Repositioned consulting service and launched campaign, which led to requests for sales meetings from 45% of target companies.
Tracked and reported ROI of marketing campaigns – established metrics to evaluate effectiveness by lead source and revenue impact.
Worked closely with executive leadership, legal and HR teams to manage internal and external communications.
Managed marketing team, including campaign strategists, events specialist, graphic designers, as well as external PR, content, and retargeting agencies.
Led the effort and implementation of the company’s marketing automation platform.

Craneware, Product Marketing Manager, (September 2010-June 2012)
Developed marketing strategy and managed campaign execution for 12 software products, as well as channel partnerships, doubling sales leads in fiscal year 2012 and securing HFMA Peer Review and Best in KLAS status for multiple products.

Highlights:
Maintained expert status on the industry and competitive landscape to establish positioning for software solutions for hospitals and physician practices.
Built and executed go-to-market strategies for products and services, helping achieve first-year sales goals for a solution that launched in a new product category.
Collaborated with product management team to identify customer challenges and define the roadmap for product innovation.
Managed partnership marketing, helping secure one of the most substantial multi-hospital group sales in the company’s history.
Maintained customer reference accounts to promote successes at the company’s user group conferences and national trade shows.
Developed sales toolkits and sales demos, as well as case studies, white papers, fact sheets, website copy, blog, mailers, and client announcements.
Developed and conducted sales training for product messaging.
Created speaking proposals and presentations for national and regional conferences – 100% of proposals submitted resulted in speaking engagements.
Managed HFMA Peer Review and KLAS relationships, achieving peer review status for five products and Best in KLAS recognition for two products.

three, Group Account Director, (March 2005-September 2010)
Served as a marketing consultant to healthcare SaaS technology clients, including MedAssets and GHX, managing messaging and promotion of new software products, acquisitions, and other company initiatives, including support of an IPO.

Highlights:
Led cross-functional teams to develop and implement integrated marketing campaigns for clients’ healthcare supply chain and revenue cycle technologies and services.
Conducted research and developed strategy for integrating acquired companies and new product/service offerings into the MedAssets brand, including messaging/positioning for sales, media, analysts, and employee communications.
Worked cross-functionally with product development, sales, legal counsel, and customer service teams to set marketing strategy for new product launches, issues management, etc.
Directed development of IPO materials and supported investor relations activities related to quarterly earnings calls and clients’ annual conferences.
Managed media relations activity with trade, business, and investor press, securing interviews with national media outlets, such as The New York Times, Investor’s Business Daily, and Bloomberg News – averaged 10 media placements a month.
Managed development and implementation of national trade advertising campaigns to raise brand awareness and support sales efforts – campaigns received industry recognition for four consecutive years.
Wrote press releases, case studies, articles, white papers, sales training materials, etc.
Managed account executives, creative teams, and outside vendors, and supported new business development, helping secure three new agency accounts.

Ruane Communications, Director, (June 2001- December 2004)
Managed planning and execution of physician and consumer awareness initiatives for pharmaceutical clients, Boehringer Ingelheim and Pfizer, to launch Spiriva, a blockbuster respiratory medication for the treatment of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.

Highlights:
Collaborated with executive leadership in the U.S. and abroad to develop marketing messages and strategies.
Coordinated consumer awareness programs including: the COPD Lung Profiler with the American Lung Association, and COPD Day at Yankee Stadium, recognized by USA Today as one of the top 20 most memorable events at Yankee Stadium.
Supported marketing and communications for the first-ever U.S. COPD Conference.
Developed a media background piece explaining the symptoms, causes, and treatments of COPD – content was endorsed by the American Thoracic Society and resulted in media coverage in The New York Times and USA Today.
Wrote the script and oversaw production for a national PSA featuring actor/comedian Robert Klein, which garnered more than 45 million impressions.
Cultivated and managed third-party relationships to evaluate and recommend grant underwriting opportunities.
Conducted media tours with celebrity spokespeople and leading physician researchers to support awareness of COPD risk factors, signs, and symptoms.
Supervised account executives and supported new business development efforts.

EDUCATION
University of Tennessee, Knoxville
B.S. Communications/Public Relations

EDUCATIONAL TRAINING
Pragmatic Marketing for Effective Product Marketing
Miller Heiman Strategic Selling
Dale Carnegie Relationship Selling
Sirius Decisions
Contact this candidate