MAURICE A. JOHNSON
Atlanta, GA *****
678-***-**** ad526q@r.postjobfree.com

CAREER SUMMARY

Results-driven corporate Recruiting Leader with diverse experience and a fresh perspective, leveraging educational background with innovative Recruiting and HR strategies. An effective problem solver, adept at providing top-quality solutions to ensure a competitive advantage in the marketplace. Utilizes sound leadership and communication skills to foster outstanding employee relations. Able to apply an understanding of organizational strategies to achieve corporate objectives.

EXPERIENCE
Electrolux (Kelly Staffing) 5/2022-current….filled 142 IT and operations reqs currently
Serta-Simmons Bedding (ObjectWin Technology Inc.) 8/2021-1/2022….filled over 120 operations roles for 3 plants and corporate IT roles
Racetrac Petroleum (Judge Group) 5/2021-9/2021….filled 14 IT reqs from developers to VP Infrastructure
Lowe’s (Strategic Staffing Solutions) 4/2021-8/2021….15 Software Engineer and Product Manager placements
ServiceMaster (Insight Global) 12/2020-6/2021….79 IT reqs filled
CARE.org (Remx) 1/2021-7/2021….20+ IT and ELT reqs filled

**Unemployed from 4/2020-12/2020-due to Covid 19 shutdown/hiring freezes at client companies

2/2020-4/2020 HD Supply (Visionaire Partners)
Sr. Recruiting Consultant- IT/Sales
Responsible for recruiting technical positions and sales requisitions nationwide. Lead recruiting team of 8 Senior Recruiters, who support different departments throughout the Facilities Maintenance business unit. Collaborate with internal stakeholders to help develop and implement new recruitment strategies and processes. Filled 15 IT reqs
*Contract shortened because of purchase by Home Depot and company hiring freeze due to the COVID-19.

9/2019-1/2020 Purchasing Power (Quest)
Sr. Recruiter-IT
Sole IT recruiter responsible for recruiting for a newly created data science team. Filled 8 roles in 3 months after client had them opened for 6 months prior to me joining the team. Filled Sr. Director, Director, Sr. Manager and three data/decision science roles specializing in web analytics, marketing and merchandising.
*3 month contract

2/18-5/2019 Hiscox Insurance (Randstad)
Atlanta, GA
Sr. IT Recruiter (Contract)
Sole IT recruiter for 100 million dollar Mustang project. Recruits all levels of Project Managers, Business Analysts, Developers, Engineers, Operations, Communications Leads and Financial Analysts that will support the 5 year project. Filled over 100 positions in 15 months ranging from developers (webMethods, Java, OneShield, etc), security and PMO roles to an international search for our new CTO. Managed four resources including two contact recruiters and two HR assistants. Manages all vendor relationships with over 20 staffing agencies. Manages all college, military veteran an HBCU career fairs in alignment with Hiscox’s diversity hiring initiates. Partnered with Head of IT to start internship program for developer and infrastructure related positions.
*initially a 3 month contract that was extended 3 times

5/2017-1/2018 Focus Brands (10-99)
Atlanta. GA
Sr. Recruiter (Virtual Contract)
Responsible for all executive search and senior level recruiting efforts for Focus Brand’s 6 companies (Carvel®, Cinnabon®, Schlotzsky’s®, Moe’s Southwest Grill®, Auntie Anne’s®, McAlister’s Deli®, and Seattle’s Best Coffee®). Full cycle recruiting process
*3 month contract that was extended for senior level searches for sales DM’s, Marketing, Finance and IT roles. Filled all open roles (30+) for the company and contract was ended since company had a period of no attrition.

11/2016-4/2017 CareerBuilder
Norcross, GA
Recruiter-Site Technology (Contract)
Responsible for recruiting for all site technology positions for CB. 8 IT placements and 15 intern hires
Recruited at Tech Career fairs for internship and entry-level tech jobs
Partnered with all regional schools and scheduled college recruiting events across the country to meet our needs of attracting and retaining the top technology talent.

10/2016-11/2016 Lockheed Martin
Marietta, GA
IT/Engineering Recruiter (Contract)
Helped with staff augmentation and recruitment efforts for all of Lockheed’s facilities nationwide. Aeronautical engineers and manufacturing supervisors were what I sourced for and filled during this short stint after they lost two recruiters. I began a pipeline of talent and strategy to assist the team over the next calendar year

12/2015-8/2016 Anthem (Randstad)
Atlanta, GA
IT Recruiting Consultant (Contract)
Responsible for transition of virtual IT workforce to expansion of 200+ IT employees in the Anthem’s Atlanta, GA corporate offices – all 6 hubs
Responsible for all IT outreach efforts with all Georgia and Virginia colleges and universities to ensure a diverse pool of candidates for the Anthem internship programs
Responsible for branding and recruitment efforts in partnership with Technology Village at GA Tech
IT recruiting representative at all college recruiting career fairs in Georgia and Virginia based hubs (Atlanta, Richmond, Norfolk and Virginia Beach). Filled 45+ IT roles.

11/2014-4/2015 Novelis (10-99)
Recruiting Consultant (Virtual-Corp-to-Corp)
Responsible for all Campus/College and Virtual Recruiting efforts
Consulted on recruitment process and strategy within the talent acquisition organization
Recruited hard to find candidates for niche roles. 12 senior level placements.
Sourced candidates to meet forecasting needs in various groups

8/2014-8/2015 RaceTrac Petroleum (KF Resources)
Atlanta, GA
IT Recruiting Consultant (Virtual Contract)
Consulted on internal talent acquisition practices
Responsible for all Campus/College Recruiting efforts in Georgia
Partnered with multiple lines of business to streamline and generate a recruitment process and protocol
Consulted on migrating current ATS into a more robust that involved payroll and
Managed all vendor relationships with Lawson, Kronos and staffing agencies
Responsible for all IS/IT recruiting efforts and various other high level searches within the Talent Acquisition department. Filled 28 IT, Finance, Total Rewards and corporate real estate roles.

8/2013-5/2014 SunTrust Banks, N.A. (Randstad Sourceright)
Atlanta, GA
Senior Recruiter (Virtual Contract)
Acted as strategic business partner to leadership on all Talent Acquisition related issues nationally
Serves as consultant with Leadership in the development of effective Talent Management, on-boarding and new hire retention strategies
Developed and implemented strategic initiatives to ensure appropriate Talent/workforce resources across SunTrust Provides oversight where appropriate to ensure compliance with established practices (i.e.: Talent Acquisition Coordinators, Line of Business Leaders and US Recruiting Business Partners) as determined by the Director, Talent Acquisition and Relationship Management
Responsible for recruitment for all call centers for all 6 SunTrust hub cities
Responsible for Campus/College and Virtual Recruiting efforts – all 6 hubs, and Military/Veterans Recruiting efforts included staffing for sales, operations, actuary and multiple levels of finance roles

6/2012-5/2013 BCD Travel
Atlanta, GA
Recruiting Business Partner
Handled all aspects of hiring workflow and process for full-time and temporary openings for all levels of Corporate Functions, Information Technology, Travel Technology/Operations and all C-level positions for BCD Travel for the United States and Canada
Partnered with most southeastern U.S. colleges and universities to ensure a dynamic pool of local diversity candidates
Partnered with EMEA, U.K. and LATAM partners to source and fill all technical positions for this global travel industry leader
Helped to manage the RPO efforts in both foreign and domestic regions

5/2009-12/2009 PQC International
Atlanta, GA
Regional Director, Business Development Office
Lead global consulting firm offering strategy, technology, process/operations and e-business consulting, as well as integrated program management, training, and e-Learning.
Responsible for all external HR consulting and internal recruitment efforts
Services Fortune 1000, Global 500 and Fast Growth Companies in North America and globally including Coca-Cola and other clientele in the food and beverage manufacturers, information technology, construction management, healthcare and energy companies, and government agencies sectors through National Minority Supplier Diversity Council
Responsible for primary research, industry, market and competitive analysis, customer needs assessments
Responsible for over $750,000 of new business

4/2008-5/2009 Randstad/Sapphire Technologies
Atlanta. GA
IT/Engineering Recruiter
Recruit, interview and place Energy, Engineering, Medical and Technical professionals for client companies. Top individual producer award

3/2007-4/2008 Stiefel Laboratories, Inc. Duluth, GA
US Recruiter
National recruiter for pharmaceutical company with a singular, steadfast focus on the advancement of dermatology and skin care globally
Successfully recruits for IT, HR, OD, Sales Ops, Finance and Internship opportunities
Schedules and attends Open House, Career Fairs, College Recruitment events
Administers company orientation/overview for New Hires
Responsible for the Minority Student Recruitment/Retention Program

3/2005-3/2007 KForce Professional Staffing Dunwoody, GA
Senior Recruiter (full-desk agency)-IT/Science/Finance
Serviced almost all Fortune 500 companies in Atlanta area including: Engineering, Healthcare, Insurance, Manufacturing, Media, Commercial Software Companies, Military, banking, Telecom and Big 4 Accounting firms.

EDUCATION

2001 Albany State University Albany, GA
B. A.
2009 Kennesaw State University Kennesaw, GA
Human Resource Management Certificate

Professional Associations and Certifications
Human Resource Management certificate program-Kennesaw State University
Member, Society of Human Resource Management-National Chapter (SHRM)
Applicant Tracking Systems: WorkDay, iCIMS, Taleo, PeopleFluent, PeopleClick, ADP Virtual Edge, ADP Advantage, UltiPro, Brassring, Kronos and Recruitmax
Contact this candidate