Jayna Kinnamon
Sr Product Manager
720-***-**** ad55jr@r.postjobfree.com 2221 NE 4th St, Newcastle, OK 73065

Professional Summary
Sr Product Manager with 29 years of IT experience that includes a solid base of business and technical knowledge in complete software life cycle development, project management, agile development, waterfall development, IT Management, Product Management/Owner, business analysis, scrum leadership, requirement documentation, design, process and procedures, testing, implementation, training and production support. Works well with top level executives, business and technical staff, as well as developers, end-users and clients. Always develops a sense of ownership of the products responsible for and has the perseverance to lead teams to get the project done considering quality, budget and deadlines.
SKILLS
SDLC, Product Management, Project Management, Business Analysis, Agile, Waterfall, IT Management, Agile Product Manager/Owner, Agile Scrum Master, Implementation, Team Lead, Quality Assurance, Testing, Information Technology
SOFTWARE and SYSTEMS
ServiceNow, JIRA, Confluence, TFS, SharePoint, Slack, Microsoft Project, Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, OneNote, Outlook), Google Docs, OneDrive, Messaging, Rauland Borg Responder 5 Nurse Communication, Intego ProNet Nursecall System, Hill-Rom NaviCare, ACE, JIVA, Epic (certified through 2012 ADT/Prelude), MediTech, McKesson STAR, Emulation software, SQL Query, axiUm Dental systems, Dental x-ray systems (Emago, CliniView and MiPacs), Easy Lobby Visitor Badging, TeleVox Appointment Reminder System, Citrix Access Gateway, VM Ware, Active Directory, DOVICO, Cisco Telecom, eGate, Emergin
EDUCATION
University of Texas at Tyler - BS in Computer Science
CERTIFICATIONS
Epic ADT/Prelude Certification (2008 - 2013)

Professional Experience
Sr Project Manager
TEKsystems Oklahoma City, Oklahoma November 2023 – April 2024
●As a Sr Project Manager, I manage multiple large projects for Oklahoma Gas & Electric

Revenue Cycle IT Manager
INTEGRIS Health Oklahoma City, Oklahoma December 2020 – September 2021 & April 2022 - August 2023
●As a Revenue Cycle IT Manager, I managed 36 Epic developer resources (FTE and contractors) on production support, implementation projects, and optimization projects.
●As an Agile Product Manager for Revenue Cycle, I documented Hospital and Professional Billing and Revenue Reporting business requirements, collaborated with my development squad to plan for sprint development, ensured development efforts were on time and of excellent quality, tested deliverables, coordinated integration with vendors and documented production support and enhancements
●As a part of the A3 collaboration team, I brainstormed innovative new process ideas, moving the company forward to continually improve and better care for our business owners and patients
Sr Project Manager
TEKsystems Oklahoma City, Oklahoma September 2021 – April 2022
●As a Sr Project Manager, I managed multiple large projects for the Oklahoma State Department of Health

Product Management
Kinnamon GIS Services Oklahoma City, Oklahoma October 2016 – December 2020
GIS and IT services and solutions providing GIS Analysis and Mapping as well as Project Management, Business Systems Analysis, Business Process Analysis and Product Management
●ZeOmega’s JIVA Configuration Management
●ArcGIS analysis and mapping
●Non-profit planning, documentation and relationship management
●Senior Living Project Management and Business Process Analysis
●Property management repair and upgrade projects
●Retail project management and leadership guidance
●Medicare Business Process Analysis
●Construction Project Management
●Legal and Security Services Agile Product Management and Design
Revenue Cycle IT Manager
Conifer Health Solutions Frisco, Texas September 2014 – October 2016
Conifer Health Solutions is a healthcare services company helping organizations strengthen their financial performance, assist them with the transition from volume to value-based care and enhance the consumer and patient healthcare experience with the goal of ultimately improving the quality, cost and access to healthcare.
●As a Conifer IT Manager, I managed the Business Analytics group. Set expectations and led by example on project communication with key stakeholders, users and technical support teams in an Agile Software Development environment.
●As a Conifer Project Manager, I managed the nationwide emulation projects from the kick-off to post production support. Responsible for client relationship management ensuring client satisfaction is protected and nurtured. Communicated implementation outcomes, statistics, issues and resolution metrics efficiently and consistently with internal and external clients.
●As a Conifer Senior Business Analyst, I led the collaboration between internal Conifer technical resources as well as Business and Technical client resources. Key in bringing Dell managed systems and support in-house.
●Escalation resource of any issue or incident that occurred with the Meditech and Star emulation software.
●Configured and utilized incident management software to track all incidents and development issues on all projects assigned.
●Responsible for all project service desk turnover documentation and communication.
Senior Business Analyst
ZeOmega Inc. Frisco, Texas January 2014 – September 2014
ZeOmega is a leading provider of software for value-based care with integrated utilization and care management.
●Lead Analyst (internal and client facing), performing requirements gathering, business and system analysis and providing use case, testing, user documentation and weekly communication with clients that were required to support the implementation of Jiva (health care management system) in an Agile Software Development environment (monthly releases).
●Translated Business Requirement Documents (BRD) into Functional Requirement Specifications (FRS), created use cases, user guides, collaborated with development teams across the globe, tested releases and consulted with clients to ensure client satisfaction and system efficiency.
●Collaborated with and managed deliverables of international development and level one support team.
●Lead Analyst on the international team who created the Revenue Cycle training for all employees.
Clinical Application Analyst/Product Manager
Children's Hospital Colorado Aurora, CO April 2008 – December 2013
●Subject Matter Expert on all systems responsible, Project Manager, Business Analyst, Design specialist, Configuration expert, Implementation analyst, Interface expert, Quality Assurance tester, Trainer and Production Support for the Rauland Responder 5 Nursecall system, CenTrak Real Time Location System, Sphere3 Communication and the Intego ProNet Nursecall System. Analysis and Design experience with the Hill-Rom NaviCare Nursecall system. Subject Matter Expert of the Intego Nursecall system.
●Escalation resource for 24x7 support of any issue or incident that occurred with all Nursecall systems.
●Project Manager and Product Manager of the axiUm Dental system including x-ray systems Emago, CliniView and MiPacs, mobile application on iPad and iPhone, interface expert, upgrades and system projects. Escalation resource of any issue or incident that occurred with the axiUm Dental system and all dental x-ray systems, x-ray equipment in normal dental office hours as well as during critical dental surgeries.
●Project Manager and Product Manager of the Easy Lobby Visitor Badging system, security access, sex offender interface and security watch list data. Escalation resource for any issue or incident that occurred with these hospital security systems.
●Project Manager for the implementation of TeleVox (appointment reminder system). Escalation resource for any issue or incident that occurred with TeleVox.
●Certified in Epic ADT and Prelude Analyst and escalation point of any an all issues or incidents that occurred with Epic Admission, Discharge and Transfer and preadmission configuration and build out of these hospital Epic modules.
●Key lead from request of project to production support in the supervision of vendor and internal staff.
●Key contributor in designing meaningful use reports to establish a baseline of data to build upon and utilize in future clinical efficiency and staffing models.
●Developed Key Performance Indicators (KPI's) on critical systems.
●Created and presented to top level executives - strong business cases for system replacement, implementation plans and status, design recommendations and critical path analysis.
●Key contributor in the research of, review of and approval of budget for new systems.
●National consultant on all systems supported and the model client contact to discuss the systems with inquiring potential clients of the vendors associated.
●Speaker at regional Rauland distributor meetings to present key client experience and discuss client needs and desires.
Planning Manager (Project Manager/Senior Business Analyst)
Visa Inc Highlands Ranch, Colorado May 2004 – January 2008
●Project manager successful at overseeing Falcon Fraud and Client and Administrative Tools, Services web browser applications and system/reports enhancements. Subject matter expert on Prepaid Gift Card product and product life cycle. Business Case assessment of Prepaid Product Lines and Healthcare ePay Product.
●Liaison between the product and development groups and the implementation/client management groups. Responsible for Internal and External client presentations as well as third party vendor project relations.
●Coordinated all external client documentation, authored internal and external support documentation, responsible for client surveys, and trained internal support groups to be ready to implement and support Visa tools and services.
●Key contributor on strategic and business planning teams. Consultant in Product design phase to ensure Product/Business Requirements documents and Functional/Technical design documents are complete and adequate.
●Develop necessary processes to ensure smooth coordination for all rollouts of code as well as ongoing procedures to ensure information is available to create a solid knowledge base among client facing support groups.
Senior Systems Analyst/Quality Assurance Analyst
Settlement Facility Dow Corning Trust Houston, Texas September 2002 – February 2004
●Subject matter expert on Disease Claim system.
●Responsible for working with nurses and federal medical staff to create disease analysis, gather and document functional requirements, create a liaison between the facility and the outsourced development group, consulting on the entire facility system project, and managing all Disease Claim testing efforts.
●Coordinated all Disease system test schedules, managed group of testers, authored all Disease system test scripts, documented all Disease system issues and suggested enhancements. Sat on all Disease system decision making committees.
Senior Systems Analyst/Change Control Manager
Advancia Corporation Oklahoma City, Oklahoma April 2001 – September 2002
●Responsible for the process analysis of a large Dallas corporation. Determined process and application bottlenecks, documented via process flow diagrams.
●Presented solutions to accomplish cost effectiveness and better-quality products.
●Responsible for analyzing the code control needs of the FAA development projects, created policies and procedures that fit the environment, chose an integrated system to automate version control and change control management for 100+ remote development contractors, implemented the integrated system, managed the system, SQL query data management and conducted change control coordination.
Product Manager/Senior Business Analyst
Brink’s Inc. Irving, Texas March 1999 – April 2001
●Subject matter expert on CompuSafe product and product life cycle.
●Served as liaison between customers and the development teams to design, reengineer and enhance, test and train on system applications.
●Conducted feasibility analysis on each phase of product development. Assisted in cost benefit and return on investment analysis.
●Analyzed current operational procedures and identified problems and presented solutions to the problems. Utilized the Microsoft System Framework, workflow charts and diagrams to document detailed user requirements, equipment needs, program functions, and steps required to develop or modify a system.
●Planned and prepared technical reports to aid in product development analysis. Worked closely with programmers and engineers nationwide to resolve production and project issues.
●Led project meetings and work sessions in an orderly and productive manner.
Systems Analyst/Software Analyst
Greyhound Lines, Inc. Dallas, Texas December 1997 – March 1999
●Managed and tracked all software purchasing nationwide.
●Met with vendors on various issues including but not limited to quotes, availability of software, version requirements, new systems and applications, and contract term options. Once software was in-house was responsible for distribution and software control.
●Managed team that validated and corrected the nationwide hardware and software database housed in Microsoft Access according to a nationwide audit. Met with Terminal Managers to train on the audit process.
●Assisted in the corporate audit. Built IBM compatible PCs and AST Laptops according to project specifications, from the installation of the hardware and software to the configuration of the hardware, software and network.
●Conducted testing on all system components and software. Troubleshooting of system setup in the field after installation. Worked with cable vendors on proper network configuration specific to each site.
Business Technical Analyst
NationsBank Dallas, TX August 1995 – December 1997
●Project analysis and management of web-based multibillion dollar daily overdraft approval system. Accuracy analysis and verification of the specifications for the daily overdraft approval system.
●Managed the project team to ensure all aspects of project were completed in an efficient and timely manner utilizing MS Project to track progress and time scale.
●Worked with the programmers to ensure they were on the right track. Conducted isolated testing on system throughout the development process.
●Conducted demonstrations to end-users and executives as well as training on system.
●Developed functional and technical documentation.
●Conducted analysis of several business departments to determine specifications for nationwide bank communication system to track customer business.
●Managed test center for entire project, developed test plans and conducted isolated testing throughout development and final testing upon completion of the project.
●Conducted demonstrations and training for users on all levels.
●Participated in Change Control to give and receive updates on project rollouts.
Contact this candidate