DANIEL O. ESENE ad59v1@r.postjobfree.com. 310-***-****
Inglewood, CA 90303
Aircraft Maintenance Manager
Accomplished, Innovative professional with sharp business acumen, passion for aircraft component maintenance and overhaul, solid educational background, and 15+years success in engineering, product support, and aftermarket support within ever-evolving aerospace industry. Summary
Astute knowledge support procedure, aircraft components overhaul and maintenance best practices, and Agile methodologies. Expert in overseeing multiple projects simultaneously and ensuring completion with the triple constraints of time, scope and budget. Instrumental in solving problems by clarifying issues, researching and implementing answers and alternative solutions managing projects, and identifying strengths and weaknesses of products for improvements. Ability to guide the team towards improving the serum way of working, including ensuring cross team coordination and facilitating daily standup meetings, sprint planning, retrospective, and sprint demos. Creative problem solver and excellent team leader with proven ability to propel projects and teams to peak results.
Areas of Expertise
* Project Progress Monitoring
* Stakeholder Communication
* Product Support Engineering
* Agile Scrum Methodologies
* Risk Assessment & Mitigation
* Project Documentation & Reporting
* Quality Assurance & Compliance
* Budgeting Review & Management
Career Experience
Project Management & Product Support, Meggitt Engine Systems, North Hollywood, CA Feb 2008-present Spearhead maintenance and overhaul of various aircraft engine components processes and procedures while constantly striving for productivity and service success. Project managed the delivery of several Component Maintenance Manuals (CMMs) for Airbus A320, A220, MRJ, Irk MC-21, Gulfstream and Royce Rolls aircrafts. Oversaw all aspects of budgeting, scheduling and status reporting, risk management, stakeholder communication, and program progress monitoring. Held concurrent responsibility for managing annual technical publication documents budget, communicating with stakeholders, regarding project issues and decisions on services, tracking program status against deliverables, and defining critical success factors in the program charter.
Interface effectively with internal teams as well as government and commercial customers.
Define project plan, objective and milestone. Gain agreement from the customer, oversee development of a plan to meet the objective, assess risks and develop contingency plans.
Manage project resources to perform work, Schedule onshore/offshore meetings, Coordinate vendors, Develop and deliver key documents, maintain documents associated with project in an organized manner.
Work in a team to build project plans, kept all stakeholders informed of the progress, collaborated and engage others.
Trained repair and maintenance technicians in understanding CMM’s created with ATA 100, and 2200 specifications.
Monitor progress, manage a change process, develop corrective actions, Communicate with sponsors and stakeholders.
Establish the reputation as a ‘go-to person’ to address and resolve all technical issues from the airlines and other users.
Optimizes the vendor selection process by introducing bidder/vendor conference concept prior to the contract award.
Ensure customer’s requirements are met, and take ownership, responsibility for current and past work products.
Partner with Human Resources to ensure consistent application of HR practices, polices and labor agreements.
Create Presentations for stakeholders and Requested Monthly / Weekly / Daily reports. Product Support Engineer, HR Textron, Santa Clarita, CA Apr 2001 - Sept 2008 Planned and coordinated briefings with customers and other stakeholders, involved in technical meetings for internal and external representatives concerning specific apparatus, and liaised between subordinate and program management staff. Internal resource to report the status of projects, program phases, staff and budgets.
Displays strong initiative and drive to accomplish goals and meet company objectives
Interface effectively with internal teams as well as government and commercial customers and support the creation and maintenance of product requirements.
Collaborated with all departments to understand the needs and goals of the project or program
Authored technical publications using ATA 100, spec 2000, SGML, CSDB for authoring several Component Maintenance Manuals (CMMs), Service Bulletins (S/Bs), Service Letters (S/Ls), and Maintenance Manuals (MMs).
Enabled product teams and Maintenance Repair Organization (MRO) to adopt the best practices in dealing with airline customers.
Orchestrated various Component Maintenance Manuals (CMMs) for Bell Helicopter and Sikorsky Aircraft and facilitated the creation of product process strategy and road maps and established enduring relationships with product team.
Additional experience as an Adjunct Professor, School of Business and Management and Engineering Technology – Northrop University, Los Angeles, CA
Education and Credentials
MA, Conflict, Negotiation & Team Building
CSU, Dominguez Hills, CA
MBA, Management
Northrop University, Los Angeles, CA
BS, Aerospace Engineering
Northrop University, Los Angeles, CA
F.A.A – Airframe & Power-plant (A&P) License
PMP – Project Management Professional/PMI
CSM – Certified Scrum Master (Scrum Alliance)
CSPO - Certified Scrum Product Owner (Scrum Alliance)
Contact this candidate