THOM KOZIK
***** ******* ******, #* • VAN NUYS, CA 91401 • M: 310-***-****
ad5cbh@r.postjobfree.com
HTTPS://LINKEDIN.COM/IN/THOMKOZIK

Areas of Expertise: C-Level Interface • M&A • Full P&L Accountability > $1BN • Product and CX Strategy & Design • Prompt Engineering • Generative AI and ML • Business Analytics • Market Research • Product, and Program Management • Brand Management • Marketing Strategy • Business & Partner Development • Agile/Lean Management

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

preEmptive Technologies, Chief Product Officer 2022-PRESENT

Mandate: Define the product strategy for a B2C platform for collaborative emergency preparedness, capable of growing to $80M+ in revenue within 3 years of release. Includes scaling the market, conducting 1st party research, modeling both the Customer Acquisition and ongoing Engagement Strategies and preparing the roadmap to launch.

● Created a new product segment leveraging generative AI and ML capabilities within the application’s design and functionality.

● Designed a unique value proposition along with a positioning strategy to open an entirely new customer segment as well as to differentiate from competitors.

● Devised and executed a combination of first and third-party research to determine Total Addressable, Available, and Obtainable markets and other key customer metrics to support investment case.

● Drastically reduced projected customer acquisition costs and marketing spending by identifying key inflection points in the applications feature to drive growth virally.

● Streamlined infrastructure cost projections with an innovative AWS product architecture without compromising product security, scalability, or features.

Campus Legends, Chief Product Officer 2021-2022

Mandate: Hired to define the value propositions, product strategy, product design, and launch plan for a startup that led the development of digital trading cards for collegiate sports (co-founded with NFL star Tim Tebow), and to raise investment funding.

● Created a breakthrough value proposition within the first 90 days of the company’s founding,, focused on the mutual financial benefits for our university clients and 100% of their student-athletes, resulting in exclusive agreements with 12 top-tier universities.

● Slashed typical blockchain fees paid by our competitors by designing the segment’s Tier-2 architecture that was blockchain-agnostic at the point of sale, a unique approach among NFT marketplaces.

● Drove successful social media campaigns first to build awareness, then conversion, then incremental purchases by collectors, with typical purchases of more than 15 digital trading cards, per customer.

● Validating the power of our approach, secured exclusivity with the Heisman Trophy Trust for all digital trading card products.

Loyyal Corporation, Chief Product Officer / Chief Technology Officer 2018–2020

Mandate: Hired to lead the pivot and redesign of Loyyal’s B2B SaaS blockchain-based loyalty management system, launch the first commercial release of the platform, and assist in securing initial multi-year agreements with the leading travel & hospitality companies worldwide.

• Pivoted the company's product strategy and unique selling proposition in less than 60 days, generating substantial industry praise for the company, and hundreds of top-tier leads.

• Secured a multi-year agreement with Emirates Skywards based on a new product to augment their loyalty infrastructure to increase Partner onboarding and revenues by more than 100%.

• Rebuilt engineering and customer success teams to develop the new product vision.

• Shifted the entire company to adopt agile methodology within 30 days.

• Defined a way to reduce cross-airline reconciliation & settlement costs by more than 50% for Star Alliance, with potential savings of more than $10M annually.

• Presented this technology approach at Hyperledger Foundation conferences globally.

Marriot International, SVP, Global Marketing - Loyalty 2014–2018

Mandate: Recruited to reinvent the hospitality industry's largest and oldest program, modernize its 30+ year-old architecture, grow the member base by at least 5% annually, and return the program to profitability.

● Generated a P&L surplus of over $500M after inheriting a $358M deficit while simultaneously increasing member benefits. Done by building consensus throughout the organization for new financial controls and accounting processes.

● Grew the active member base by over 57%, from 70M to more than 110M, while simultaneously purging over 11M inactive accounts.

● Exceeded global monthly enrollment goals for the program while increasing the quality of the membership, measured by likelihood to spend.

● Achieved 90% penetration with members via a redesigned mobile experience and won multiple industry awards, by shifting the UX from being booking-centric, to focusing on the member’s stay.

● Deployed an entirely new suite of B2B SaaS tools for our hotel owners and 3rd party partners such as airlines, rental car firms, and more.

● Won 16+ major industry awards, predominantly for overall customer experience and innovation.

● Exceeded all industry targets by integrating membership data between Starwood Hotels & Resorts membership with Marriott’s on Day One of the company's acquisition.

Additional previous executive roles at Microsoft, Yahoo, and Atari

EDUCATION

University of Maryland Global Campus
Computer Science / Economics

CERTIFICATIONS AND BOARD POSITIONS
AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner,
Certified Blockchain Professional

Growlife Inc. (NASDAQ:PHOT), Chairman of the Board / Audit Committee 2017 to 2022
Epiphany360, Independent Director 2018 to present
Loyyal Corp., Independent Director 2017 to 2019
HER Resiliency Center, Washington DC, Independent Director 2017 to 2019
Contact this candidate