RICH BOLDUC
727-***-**** ad5c70@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY AND PROFILE
A Senior Engineer with over 25 years of product development experience who is an innovative and inspirational team leader. A certified SolidWorks professional with over 20 years of SolidWorks experience, who is innovative, dynamic, and a commensurate professional. Extensive proficiency in engineering, manufacturing, and research in medical, scientific, military, industrial and consumer products. Motivated and flexible, utilizing an expert skill set to stay current and proficient in new technologies. Proven expertise in collaborating with multi-disciplinary project teams to ensure successful project integration and their confidentiality as applicable. An articulate and effective communicator who is equipped with extensive leadership skills, conflict management and resolution skills, and an aptitude for customer service and relations. Proven exceptional accomplishment in challenging, fast-paced environments with the ability to multitask. Proficient in all aspects of sourcing, prototyping, and manufacturing.
Professional Training
Lean Six Sigma – Green Belt Project Management Professional Solid Works Essentials
Advanced Assembly Modeling Solid Works Advanced Modeling Solid Works File Management
Solid Works Sheet Metal Solid Works Drawing Microsoft Business Suite

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Stratech / Teknatool
New Product Development Manager / Senior US Engineer
June 2019 to Present
Managed a diversified team to ensure clients’ needs were met in an effective and timely manner.
Worked directly with multi-national teams located in New Zealand and China.
Responsible for the development of custom motor applications and machinery that is sold on a global scale.
Spearheaded initiatives that resulted in single product sales of over $5M annually.
Established project roadmaps that increased time to market efficiency along with marketing strategies for various machines and accessories.
Worked directly with clients globally to ensure all their needs were met in an efficient manner.
Worked with sales and marketing on strategies to increase revenue by 15%.
Created Standard Operating Procedures such as Smart Number Systems, Engineering Change Processes, CAD File Management structures, and CAD templates that not only increased consistency but lowered development times.
Implemented Quality Control procedures, Issue Tracking and Inspection Procedures used in daily operations.
Responsible for sourcing parts both domestically and internationally for cost savings.
Trained employees and customers on products both in house, at trade shows and at their facilities.
Assisted customers on various platforms for troubleshooting and repairing problems with their product.
Created marketing and training materials for websites and social media platforms.

Touch Point Medical
Mechanical Engineer
November 2016 to June 2019
Responsible for the design concept of several product lines with annual sales in the millions of dollars.
Works directly with customers to assure their products are designed to their specifications.
Responsible for the redesign of legacy products to assure that the manufacturing is done in a lean matter.
Worked directly with manufacturing to make sure all products are built to specifications and assembled in the most efficient manner.
Created photo-realistic renderings of CAD models to aid in sales and marketing.
Researched, conceptualized, designed, validated parts and products, and built prototypes to assure functionality prior to production. Evaluated engineering projects prior to commencement of projects.
Expertly performed CAD Management involving life cycle status, product revisions, and CAD templates in accordance with company regulations.

Consultant
Mechanical Engineer/Project Manager
May 2008 to 2019
Responsible for the implementation of all aspects of a CAD vault system including but not limited to life cycles, bill of materials, manufacturing notes, and CAD templates.
Manage the design and manufacturing of military and commercial power supplies and power converters.
Participated in a team of engineers that were responsible for the redesign and successful cost reduction in design of medical equipment.
Worked both independently and in conjunction with clients to achieve the cost reduction of legacy products through the vetting of new vendors and the simplification of complex assemblies and parts.
Skillfully converted legacy 2-D CAD drawings to 3-D CAD models.
Produced photo-realistic conceptual renderings of products to assist sales and proposals.
Provided reverse engineering of legacy products in order to properly document current designs, models, and assist with the new product designs.
Led the redesigned of military grade night vision optics that resulted in increased performance and cost reduction of the devices.

White Cloud Electronic Cigarettes
Project Manager/Mechanical Engineer
September 2014 to November 2016
Effectively managed a multitude of projects from conceptualization to development, and production. Assured timelines were met in a dynamic and high tempo work environment.
Managed a team of motivated and experienced engineers for wide variety of projects utilizing skillful leadership with an emphasis on teamwork and problem resolution. Innate ability for team development and to ability to mentor subordinates and peers alike.
Responsible for innovative new designs, redesign of older products for functional improvements and redesign, vetting and utilizing new vendors that resulted in over $250,000 in production and component savings over a 2-year period.
Analyzed product information to make recommendations to senior management in order to improve workflow, create efficiencies, best practices, and reversal of negative trends in production. Information and reports were delivered in both graphic and narrative directly to the board of directors.
Created photo-realistic renderings of CAD models to aid in sales and marketing.
Researched, conceptualized, designed, validated parts and products, and built prototypes to assure functionality prior to production. Evaluated engineering projects prior to commencement of projects.
Functioned as the primary CAD designer of consumer products for design for manufacturer/design for assembly.
Expertly performed CAD Management involving life cycle status, product revisions, and CAD templates in accordance with company regulations.
Facilitated the direct recruitment of engineers and new hire placement with human resources and upper management.

3M: Electronic Monitoring
Mechanical Engineer
October 2012 to September 2014
Lead designer of the next generation GPS tracking units that sold globally.
Designed test fixtures for electrical, optical, and mechanical verification.
Worked in conjunction with manufacturing to increase workflow and streamline assembly processes.
Implemented CAD upgrades, provided management of CAD vault systems and CAD templates.
Completed Lean Six Sigma Green Belt training and certification.

OttLite Technologies
Mechanical Engineer
April 2010-October 2011
Lead designer of consumer lighting products that were marketed and sold worldwide.
Managed oversea manufacturing.
Created photo-realistic renderings to assist with sales and marketing.
Implemented all aspects of CAD management including notes, templates, numbering systems and life cycles.

Ocean Optics
Mechanical Engineer
October 2005 to May 2008
Provided key information and a crucial role in design of electronic enclosures that were utilized by NASA in the conduct of space exploration.
Created and implemented file and record management systems, establishing company standards for all aspects of CAD systems.
Effectively managed projects from conception to manufacturing, including procurement of materials and qualifying vendors.
Managed a design team for conversion of legacy products to mold injected parts in a successful effort to provide cost reduction.
Performed as a design lead for multi-configurable stackable enclosures.
Worked collaboratively with Jaz, Amadeus, LAMPS, Foxy Oxygen Sensor, and NIRQuest development to proactively support manufacturing for product improvement and cost reduction.
Spearheaded the acquisition of house rapid prototyping systems with a return of investment in under a year.

EDUCATION AND OTHERS
Southern New Hampshire University in conjunction with Worcester Poly Technical Institute (September 2023) 4.0 GPA
Master of Business Administration – Engineering Management

St Petersburg College (July 2021)
Project Management Certificate

St Petersburg College (July 2019)
BAS in Management and Organizational Management

Penn Foster, Online
AS in Mechanical Engineering

Springfield Tech Community College, Springfield, MA
AS in Laser Electro Optic Engineering

Patents
WO2017011261A1 - Optical strap tamper detection with focusing lens
Contact this candidate