E X P E R I E N C E
**** -
****
o Builds the trend, color and concept strategy for men’s and women’s active and loungewear for Spalding, and Lacey Chabert Collection for HSN to create compelling and brand-enhancing collections. Responsible for 17M in sales in 2021. o Sketches designs in Adobe Illustrator for development of multiple lines and creates detailed tech packs in Centric PLM to execute designs with appropriate fit and construction. Balances creativity with commercial viability in an evolving consumer landscape. o Participates in design presentations to customers, capitalizing on white space opportunities, reacting to best sellers and creating newness for growth to achieve targeted financial plans. o Maintains strong relationships with cross-functional partners in sales and production and manages the design assistant to meet costing targets and ensures timely process execution of the T&A calendar.
o Created concept boards, presented trend research and made technical sketches for customers including Cynthia Rowley and Urban Outfitters. Oversaw proto sampling, managed fabric and trim sourcing and production fittings, communicating daily with overseas vendor partners. ASHLEY GOLDEN
D E S I G N & P R O D U C T D E V E L O P M E N T
An established creative designer and product development manager experienced in working in fast-paced environments with a demonstrated history of supporting the development lifecycle from concept to product shipment. Experienced in Intimate Apparel, Swimwear, Men’s and Women’s Activewear and Loungewear and sleepwear. Directly facilitates the design and development process with strategic thinking, product merchandising and cross-functional collaboration. Exhibits a high taste level with excellent communication, organizational skills and interpersonal abilities in enterprising work environments.
2022-
PRESENT
Designer- Intimates,Sleepwear,Loungewear, Activewear Delta Galil USA New York, NY
Product Development Manager, Intimate Apparel
Delta Galil USA New York, NY
o Managed the product development production cycle from initial tech packs to production shipments for brands including Tommy Hilfiger, Splendid, Nearly Nude and Amazon Essentials. o Responsible for the oversight of development of fabric and trims, communicated daily with overseas partners on timelines and made proto, lab dip and quality comments. o Prepared design product packs in PLM with detailed sketches of construction for development. Participated in weekly fittings and maintained detailed fit notes to ensure quality in production. 2014-
CURRENT
Freelance Designer Roles
Negative Underwear Under Armour Victoria’s Secret PINK Champion PHONE:
845-***-****
m
S K I L L S
E D U C A T I O N
B.F.A., Fashion Design
Fashion Institute of Technology
Intimate Apparel Concentration
New York, NY
• Color & Concept
• Sketching
• Centric PLM systems
• Trend Analysis
• Patternmaking
• Hand Draping
• Inclusive Sizing
• Structured and Seamless Bras
• Adobe Creative Suite
• MS Office Suite
• Licensed & Private Label Product
• Specialty, DTC, Off Price and Club
Account Experience
• Cross-functional Collaboration
EMAIL:
ad5f9x@r.postjobfree.com
LINKEDIN:
Ashley Golden
Designer, Intimate Apparel
Real Underwear New York, NY
2016-
2017
Designer, Intimate Apparel
BH Worldwide New York, NY
2013-
2014
o Produced designs for customers including Joe Boxer for Walmart and Wet Seal. Leveraged customer relationships to generate additional orders resulting in 700k in sales. Associate Designer, Swimwear
Breaking Waves New York, NY
2009-
2012
o Produced designs for various customers with Including Target, Walmart, and Justice. o Worked with factories on development through production. o Prepared design product packs in PLM with detailed sketches of construction for development. Participated in weekly fittings and maintained detailed fit notes to ensure quality in production.
Contact this candidate