SAMER SALHI
MS MBA B.ENG PMP MCSE+I
Everett, WA 425-***-**** ad5fnf@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn

PRINCIPAL PRODUCT/PROGRAM MANAGER
Principal Product/Program Manager, passionate about product strategy and market analysis while delivering process excellence, experience refinement, revenue optimization and cost control. Proven track record of leading high-performing teams and driving successful engineering projects from conception to delivery. Leverage a strong technical background and a strategic mindset, to excel at aligning engineering efforts with business goals, optimizing processes, and fostering innovation. Known for ability to manage and communicate effectively with cross-functional collaboration between stakeholders and diverse teams. Managing complex projects, consistently delivering quality products on time and within budget.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Operating Systems: Windows Client/Server Android iOS MacOS Linux (RH, Ubuntu) Cloud Systems
Networking: LAN/WAN TCP/IP SIP RADIUS EAP DHCP WINS DNS SOAP REST SOA SaaS
Programming and Scripting: C# .NET Framework SQL. Command Line Power Shell VBScript Python.
Applications: Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Access, Teams, Sharepoint, Visual Studio, Project, Visio Adobe
Hardware: Datacenter design Product Planning HW delivery Server Architecture Rack design
Social media: Public speaking Social community building science and technology communication
Cloud Services: Microsoft Azure Amazon AWS Nokia CloudBand Oracle Cloud Infrastructure

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Nokia, Bellevue WA 11/2015 - Current
Sr Program Manager (CARE)
Managed customer executive relationship with a major US telecommunications provider (150M+ subscribers).
Scrum master for major projects specifically for high-profile mission critical outages.
Managed radio and mobile communications infrastructure.
Lead operations support, outage response and customer interfacing teams.
Managed complex large scale, cross-team, development, delivery, automation, and monitoring projects.
Managed cybersecurity response for major issues in association with legal teams like log4j
Delivered and maintained projects for mission critical applications.
Designed policies for user identity, cybersecurity, and privacy for subscribers.
Owned definition for Master data management
Supported sales efforts, revenue opportunities, customer retention and satisfaction.
Delivered multiple process automation and change management efforts.
Managed external vendor team selection, hiring and review.
Oversaw forecasting and delivery of resource plans.
Provided employee leadership and advocacy.
Supported customer interests as a customer technical advocate.
Directed assets using endpoint management for femtocell hardware.
Nominated for CEO excellence challenge, in Espoo, Finland, three times.
Designed hardware monitoring and support automation for data warehouses to support big data.
Designed and supported Nokia Cloud Infrastructure and Management deployments.
Supported move to containerization architecture transformation.
Hardware and Datacenter Design and delivery
Influenced and maintained strategic relations with 1st and 3rd party HW providers.
Position required Nokia, Customer and Government clearance/screening.
Managed cloud projects for telecom on Azure, AWS and Cloudband
Developed and delivered KPIs to track performance and communicate to executive level.

Alcatel-Lucent, Redmond, WA 07/2010 - 11/2015
Customer Technical Advocate (Project Management),
Managed major telecommunication customers and programs, including Sprint and T-Mobile.
Executive reporting to leadership teams.
Advocated customer priorities internally.
Defined stakeholder policy internally based on customer needs.
Directed several programs including customer care and platform health-checks.
Developed and deployed an internal BI system as part of health-checks.
Promoted process improvement across teams and other organizations including improvements for: RCA repository, Documentation repository, Ticketing system pilots, and customer network database.
Championed efforts to reduce backlog (tickets, costs) through process enhancements, efficiency, automation, and statistical process control.

Secondary role Emergency Response/Certified Outage Manager
Managed war-rooms for mission critical outages
Oversaw outage-reporting process to completion and satisfactory customer delivery.
Provided leadership with outage communication and enhanced the tools and automation.

ADDITIONAL PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Microsoft, Redmond, WA 9/2009 - 7/2010
Program Manager - Senior Lab Manager
Managed three Microsoft labs including Lync Labs (Microsoft office communicator)
Certified and managed Microsoft partners for SIP. (Verizon, Vodafone, Orange, GlobalCrossing... etc).
Built infrastructure including cybersecurity for SIP Gateways, VoIP Devices, PBXs, and partners' SBCs.
Designed and implemented world-class Microsoft labs serving VoIP technologies.
Authored SIP-Trunking partner certification process, education, plans, reports, cybersecurity requirements and supporting documentation.
Managed three Microsoft labs.
Managed Lync Labs (Microsoft office communicator)
Certified and managed Microsoft partners for SIP. (Verizon, Vodafone, Orange, GlobalCrossing... etc).
Built infrastructure for SIP Gateways, VoIP Devices, PBXs, and partners' SBCs.
Designed and implemented world-class Microsoft labs catering for VoIP technologies.
Authored SIP-Trunking partner certification test plans, reports and other supporting documentation.
Managed assets using endpoint management.
Supported hyper-v and other virtual deployments

Microsoft, Redmond, WA 1/1999 - 9/2009
Project Manager - Data Quality
Managed frontline operations for Microsoft Family Safety and SmartScreen™ dealing with cybersecurity and Microsoft legal response to protect millions of customers.
Coached teams of vendors to curate content online
Established processes for handling cybersecurity threats and dealing with legally sensitive content.
Authored Anti-phishing chapter in Microsoft Security and Intelligence report (SIR) 2H 2009.
Managed teams of vendors around the world dealing customer response and assistance.
Managed teams of vendors to deliver on a backlog of work items.
Managed frontline for Microsoft Family Safety and SmartScreen™ serving millions of customers.
Managed relationship with global operations to maintain 24/7/365 customer facing services.
Managed partnership with legal consultants to resolve incidents due to system, human or 3rd party errors.
Managed releases for four projects across geographically challenged heterogeneous teams (war room, triage/driving/following up/closing issues).
Managed the Radius project for Windows Networking, providing reporting, and management.
Received Gold-Star award for excellence in customer relations.
Received Gold-Star award for exceptional performance.
Harnessed social media tools to support customers using Blogs, Webcasts, Webchats, Support Forums in addition to traditional tools like customer visits, events, as part of customer focused design and customer empathy work (Awarded Gold Star).
Ran daily scrums for EAP and EAP Certification program (ECP) driving them to closure.
Mentored 5 full time employees at Microsoft.
Authored Anti-phishing chapter in Microsoft Security and Intelligence report (SIR) 2H 2009.
Owned Wi-Fi “dogfood” internal deployments for Windows.
Generated, supported, and presented daily, weekly, monthly and yearly data quality reports based on key insights observed through data analysis.
Provided internal support to Microsoft consultants, PSS and MSIT for WIFI networks.
Supported 3rd party networking products like Cisco, Juniper and RSA SecurID.
Helped ship Windows 98, Windows 2000 SP1/2/3, XP & XPSP1&2&3, Windows server 2003 & SP1 & R2, Vista, Windows 2008 & R2 and Windows 7.
Managed, designed and implemented Automation for three labs, including Partner/Customer facing Labs.
Developed and automated test cases, tools and supporting utilities (available on Toolbox), used by teams throughout Microsoft.
Created one externally shipped product (though MS Resource Kit)
Provide bug prevention or proactive testing through product specification reviews, and security analysis.

National Equipment and Technical Services (NETS), Jordan
Systems Administrator

Scientific & Medical Supplies Co., Jordan
Field Support Engineer

EDUCATION & CERTIFICATION

PROFESSIONAL
PMI: PMP certification (Active)
Microsoft: MCSE+I
NOKIA: Certified Outage Manager

Education
Capella University – 2017 to current
[Pending dissertation] Doctor of Business Administration in Business Intelligence (DBA)

Keller Graduate School of Management – 01/2014 to 02/2015
Master of Business Administration (MBA)

Keller Graduate School of Management – 01/2013 to 02/2014
Master of Information Systems Management (MISM)

Amman University, Jordan – 01/1991 to 01/1996
Bachelor of Computer Engineering (B.ENG CE)

Memberships
Microsoft Alumni Network
Licensed Part 97 Federal Communications Commission (FCC) – K4LUV
American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS)
Cloud Security Alliance (Seattle)
Human Subject Research certified (CITI)
World of Business Ideas member (WOBI)
Experience
Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer + Internet.
MCP status in TCP/IP, NT Workstation, NT Server, Enterprise, IIS, IEAK, Exchange 5.5 and Proxy 2.0.
Web and application development.
Project management for Messaging and IP multimedia subsystems (IMS) for mobile networks
Software engineering
Database Management
Management
Program and Project management
Process and organizational enhancement
Customer relationship management
Change management
Operating Systems
Windows: Client & Windows Server expert.
Android, iOS, MacOS, Linux (RH, Ubuntu and others) intermediate level.
Networking
Design, implementation, support and troubleshoot IP Networks with multi-protocol/service support and for multiple operating systems/platforms with focus on wireless.
Vast Network protocol experience and knowledge: LAN, WAN, TCP/IP, SIP, RADIUS (expert), EAP(Expert), DHCP, WINS, DNS, SOAP, REST, SOA and many more.
Setup and supporting IIS6,7,7.5, Exchange, FTP, ISA.
Building Servers, Systems and administration for Windows 2003, 2008 with SQL/ASP/ASP.NET back-end.
Most Internet services (DNS, FTP, SMTP POP, SNMP) management.
Programming and Scripting:
Excellent in C# programming skills, .NET framework, python, web services.
Proficient in databases and SQL
Excellent Scripting (command line, Power Shell and VBScript).
Excellent skills with most web technologies and languages.
Contact this candidate