C H A N C E C A R P E N T E R
Durango, CO 602-***-**** ad5fz7@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/chancecarpenter COLLABORATIVE TECHNOLOGIES AV PRODUCTION PROGRAM & PRODUCT MANAGEMENT
Expert communicator adept at translating complex technical concepts for non-technical audiences.
Master of curating captivating virtual, hybrid, and live event brand experiences for impactful customer engagement.
Exceptional talent for identifying client pain points and aligning them with organizational goals for proactive cost savings and exponential growth.
Visionary leader with an entrepreneurial mindset, consistently exceeding expectations through innovative solutions.
Excels at consultative selling, specializing in collaborative technologies and event production management services.
Driven and passionate leader skilled in talent acquisition and management.
Skilled program and product manager adept at aligning client needs with organizational goals.
Effective in managing people and processes, scaling operations, and fostering team unity towards shared objectives.
Intuitive action mindset, skilled at aligning diverse stakeholders through innovative solutions to complex challenges.
Virtual & Hybrid worker, currently located in Durango, CO area, up to 50% travel. Brands have included: American Express, Qumu, Zoom, Cisco, Webex, MediaPlatform, Mediasite, Hopin, Welcome, and more! C O R E C O M P E T E N C I E S
Live, Hybrid, & Virtual Event Production & Management Collaborative Technologies Webcasting & Webinars Training & Development Sr. Product/Program Management Customer Success Agile VoD Stakeholder Management Risk Identification & Mitigation Strategic Planning Creative Content Business Analysis Operations Leadership C-Suite Presentations & Public Speaking A C C O M P L I S H M E N T H I G H L I G H T S
Sr. Operations Team Lead supporting senior executives and the C-suite to produce and execute over 750 annual live, virtual, and hybrid events, consistently delivering flawless flagship experiences.
As Sr. Product Manager, selected and global deployment of the first Enterprise desktop live streaming platform for senior executive and C-level town-halls, supporting events of 3k-20k concurrent viewers.
Led a 12-member team of network architects and engineers achieving successful delivery in only 6 months and for
$750K against a projected budget estimate of 18 months and $3.5M.
Recognized as the go-to SME on Cisco WebEx, providing essential training and operational support for Webex Events
& Meetings Platforms, video production and audio-visual best practices.
Reduced annual operating costs for live streaming from $7M+ to under $250K annually. W O R K H I S T O R Y
SR. CONSULTANT / FOUNDER – EVENT TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT LeveragePoint Consulting 2022 Present Providing corporate event technology management and consulting for live, hybrid and virtual events.
Live / Hybrid / Virtual Event Management · Audio Visual Production Management
Corporate Event Management · Senior Program/Project Management · Operations Management
LIve Streaming · Webcasting · Webinar Management · Video Editing SR. SERVICE DELIVERY MANAGER & LEAD EVENTS ENGINEER American Express 2019 2022 Served as Lead Event Engineer and WebEx SME, led a team that owned all aspects of event planning, coordination, and execution to deliver 750+ in-person, virtual, and hybrid events on an annual basis.
Comprehensive Project Management: Expertly managed end-to-end event projects, encompassing pre-event scheduling and planning, logistics management, execution on the day, and thorough post-event analytics, follow-ups and debriefings.
Training & Support: Conducted scheduled and ad-hoc Webex trainings for over 10K prospective users, delivering 60+ formal Webex and event best practices trainings annually. CHANCE CARPENTER 602-***-**** ad5fz7@r.postjobfree.com
Exceptional Success Rate: Attained an extraordinary 99.995% success rate in event management, maintaining a record of zero event failures throughout the tenure.
Versatile Role Fulfillment: Capably assumed the role of Master of Ceremonies as required, demonstrating adaptability and skill in event hosting.
Leadership: Played a pivotal role in the Executive Solutions team, leading and guiding event teams to fulfill the live, hybrid and virtual meeting and event requirements of senior and C-level executives, including town halls, awards ceremonies, external sales and marketing presentations, round tables and special events.
Team Development: Ensured comprehensive training and support for team members, positioning them to deliver a flawless and uniquely differentiated event experience.
Responsive Support: Efficiently handled hundreds of ad-hoc guidance and support calls annually. SR. OPERATIONS, PRODUCT, & PROGRAM MANAGER American Express 2015 2019 Partnered with Telepresence, Digital Workplace, Event Services, Marketing and Communications teams to select, deploy and manage operations for the first ever desktop live streaming platform at Amex. Enabled the provision of turnkey events to meet the needs of both internal and external customers.
Event Growth: Successfully expanded the event portfolio from inception to hosting up to 100 large-scale (3000- 20,000 attendee) events annually, demonstrating significant growth and scalability to 65k colleagues worldwide.
Technical Expertise: Provided comprehensive technical support and consulting services to senior executives and their support teams, including discovery and scoping, operations,
A/V Production Expertise: Audio/Visual production Subject Matter Expert, supporting internal Amex teams with live, hybrid and virtual events, promotional activities, and trainings.
Training & Education: Delivered ongoing education and best practices guidance to internal Amex colleagues, specializing in telepresence, webcasting, live streaming, video production and audio-visual services.
Vendor Procurement and Management: Evaluated, negotiated, secured, and managed the most suitable vendors for live streaming, collaborative technologies (Webex products and services) and AV rental equipment. P R E V I O U S H I S T O R Y
Webcast Producer – Event Services Qumu 2014 2015
Department Establishment & Oversight: Established and developed the Event Services Department, overseeing all aspects of event production operations, including onsite and remote webcasting and streaming services.
Technical Support & Pre-sales Consulting: Comprehensive consulting support, including discovery and scoping.
Training Delivery: Conducted hands-on and remote training for Event Services and Qumu product offerings.
A/V Production Expertise: Acted as an A/V production subject matter expert, supporting Sales and Marketing teams with live customer events, promotions, and training.
Vendor Procurement: Successfully sourced, vetted, and secured optimal vendors for AV equipment and services. Founder Leverage Point Consulting 2004 2014
Principal of a consultancy to provide a full suite of event services encompassing technology specification, deployment, and integration for local and national clients. A/V production management, staging and rentals, live and on-demand video streaming, webcasting, content creation and aggregation, video production and editing. Director – Hotel Technical Services American Audio-Visual Center 2003 2004
Oversight and Management of in-house Audio-Visual Services departments within multiple Phoenix, Arizona area hotels and resorts. Managed sales and technical support for all large-scale A/V productions at these venues. E D U C A T I O N
Master of Science Degree Equivalent Experience (20+ years) – Media Communications Technical Skills: WebEx Meetings and Events, Zoom, MS Teams, Amazon Chime, Wirecast, vMix, JIRA, Camtasia and various video editing software, Qumu, MediaPlatform, Hopin, MS Office Suite, Sharepoint, Salesforce
Contact this candidate