Andrew A. Huntley, Sr. (prefers Andy)

PMP, CSPO, Six Sigma 571-***-**** Broadlands, VA
Program-Project Manager, Scrum Product Owner, People-ERP-IT Manager

https://www.linkedin.com/in/andyhropsguru https://bit.ly/2HkjNcGmailto:ad5gc3@r.postjobfree.com ad5gc3@r.postjobfree.com

Summary:

With fifteen-plus years of experience in various roles such as techno-functional Program/Project and Product Manager, Business Analyst, HR Executive, Change or Transformation Management Consultant, Asset Management, and Global Program/Project/PMO Manager, creating all project documents with processes for document controls in the government/public sector for healthcare establishments, I’ve worked in industries such as nonprofit, financial services, retail, healthcare, government, and retail pharmaceuticals, with experience in technical production environments and GxP compliance. Seeking to contribute expertise in project and operational technologies, analytics, payroll, benefits, and administration at numerous other enterprises.

Proven track record of optimizing HR/ Financia/ patient record and Medicare claims processing programs and implementing best ERP practices to drive organizational success using SAP, Workday, NetSuite /Oracle EBS, Microsoft Project, Agile Way of thinking and working, and PLC/SDLC methodologies. Deep experience in clearly defining goals, stage gates, critical delivery paths, and key deliverables for large-scale programs that incorporate programs with dependencies across the enterprise, tight timelines, and resource challenges. I bring a strong focus on remediating technical, operational, organizational, and relationship challenges with budgeting compliance for CAPX, OPSX, and invoicing requirements.

I have expertise in designing and implementing customer-centric products, event management for grand openings, moving clients from Waterfall to Agile, managing communications, and owning the vision, mission, goals, roadmaps, and features required for successful project/program execution My tech skills include building project structures, hardware resets, business continuity programs, workflows, and resource planning. Additionally, my background includes diagnosing and resolving complex system integration issues, implementing change management disciplines, configuring payroll by supporting test script writing and execution, and error resolutions and serving as a transformative HR/People Ops and Business Operations consultant while facilitating all technical and non-technical aspects.

Skills:

Global Labor/Employee Relations Consulting with strong negotiating/influencing skills
People & EMR HRMS/ People Ops Strategist/ T&D, plus Bus analyst
Cross-functional Relationships
HIPPA/ EPIC HRBP/Payroll, ACH
Detailed Work Plans/Schedules, Slack, Zoom, Teams, Meets, SharePoint, Smartsheet
Global 3rd Party Vendors Management
HRMS techno functional PM working with CIMS/Workday (& Prizm)/Paycom/ADP Workforce Now/ Oracle EBS-NetSuite/ Insperity/ Sage & Sage Intacct, Power School/ Power BI, SAP, Saba/Yello/Taleo/ Salesforce/ Kronos/ OKTA
MS Office Suite: PowerPoint/Excel/ Project
CAPX, OPEX, cost allocation
International Sustainability Reporting
SDLC/Infrastructure w/ COTS/MCOTS & PDLC/PLM, Earned Value reporting
Requirement gathering/RAG Reporting for Risk, Issue and Decisions Logs management
Redesigning People Operations including PeopleSoft/Workday ERP like gen ledger, benefits, & payroll
Large event management for grand openings and other events

Heavy user Zoom, Teams, Sandbox, Smartsheet, Trello, Jira, Meets, Murals for collaborative purposes
Agile & Waterfall, AMS Methodologies as Prod Owner &/or Project Manager in digital Bloomerang, UKG, Oracle EBS/ NetSuite, PeopleSoft, Workday, ADP Workforce Now, SAP, Sandbox, Trello, Atlassian & MS Project tools and in Google Workspace, Sheets, Drive, Gmail & Slides.
Change Management Practitioner using Service NOW
Multiple Global M&A, PM/ People Ops
ERP Integrations experienced lead, Black Baud, Lawson, Kronos, Sage Intacct, Taleo, Ceridian, Paylocity, ADP, Workday, SAP
Data Migration & Warehousing Globally
Global HRS/Fin Serv Implementations/ HR, SOX, benefits procurement, PCI Compliance
Full Life Cycle leadership, mapping, risk management
Aligning business objectives especially for investigations
Experienced employee engagement consultant including union performance issues
Payroll configurations including logic/testing manipulations to error resolutions

RP One Consulting Clifton, VA 2011-present
Program Director/ Project Manager, and Business Analyst
My boutique consultancy used as a store front for subcontracts especially for governmental enterprises. These projects entail heavy federal, state, retail (POS) and heavy techno functional operational efforts including asset storage and inventory controls, healthcare businesses which are described below. Specializing in payroll, benefits, ERP, finance, hands-on people operational services using SAP including data lakes), PeopleSoft/Workday/Sage, ADP/Paylocity and rebranding event launches.

WSSC Water Commission (State of MD) Laurel, MD Aug 2023 – Jan 2024
Sr Program Manager/ Agile Product Owner-Enterprise -level special projects
Hired to reimagine this multi-county water and sewer commission’s project management constructs, performance metrics, and processes, especially in risk controls, script editing and testing execution, HRMS, benefits, compensation, business operations, procurement, security, contracts, and ERP/ finance with cross training on AGILE way of working. Orchestrated the updating of the project change management tools and contemporary process for 20+ junior PMs, providing means for JIT project readiness in both Agile and Waterfall environments on Oracle EBS, ADP, & ICIMS. I worked with the IT PMO, Business Stakeholders, and cross functional stakeholders. We used Google products like Gmail, Slides, Workspace, Drive & Meets with ZOOM /Teams.
I reported to the Director of all Oracle integration and application projects, improving the efforts of these PMs with a specific interest in risk, issues, cost reduction and milestone mapping development, collaborating on corrective and change management actions while concurrently introducing the non-tech side of the Commission to an Agile way of working.
Citi Bank Tampa, FL June 2023- July 2023
Emergency Program Manager Consultant
On-site hire as backfill to lead HRMS PMO landing of Oracle EBS/ Finance - payroll. Emergency family matters prevented acceptance of the full-time offer.

JVS-Boston (nonprofit) Boston, MA Aug 2022 - Jan 2023
Sr. Project Manager/Product Owner - Consultant
Sr. Program Manager techno-functionalist for LMS, CRM & People Ops and ERP/Finance/Payroll & Benefits in a PLD environment with C-Suite consultation as converting to digital in the Cloud using PLD, Waterfall/SDLC for an MCOTS environment.
Led project and program management initiatives, serving as a Scrum Product Owner
Managed HR, payroll, timekeeping, employee migrations, and Oracle EBS (NetSuite) upgrades migrating from SalesForce while initiating Agile Product Ownership for non-tech side of business as part of change management.

Experian London, UK Mar 2022 - Aug 2022
ESG Project Manager – Business Analyst- Consultant
Managed ESG programs for a global FinServ retail company, focusing on Modern Slavery and Carbon Emissions reporting infrastructure.
Provided end-to-end support to the Sustainability Team, utilizing Power BI, Jira, Oracle E-Business, Oracle Finance, and Smartsheet.
Led full lifecycle project management and portfolio management of initiatives in the Compliance portfolio.
Corrected SOX deficiencies and established an infrastructure for future compliance.
Managed budgets and ensured project delivery.

Ahold Delhaize Holland, EU Feb 2022 – May 2022
SAP Payroll and Data Warehouse Migration as Sr Program & Business Analyst
SR PM for final stages of merger of Ahold & Delhaize data migration to SAP Operations for 400k associates across 9 countries. Assisted in conversion from Waterfall to Agile methodology for business side integrating SAP payroll. The new data warehouse in Germany opened on time. The new payroll streams were delayed due to a major SAP software glitch in the data field built for the 200k employees. SAP doesn’t like multiple job locations for employees. My team created an announcement User field using fields in the security platform. Payroll was only delayed by 6 hours. This fix is now used globally across the EU and the US.

Cedars Sinai Hospitals (Hirex) LA, CA Oct 2021 - Jan 2022
Program/Project Manager/ HRBP - Consultant
Program Manager & HRBP for monitoring all Good Practices during large infrastructure & migrations of electronic patient & HR/employee records during a conversion from digital ADP and Salesforce to CLOUD SAP/Kronos and Workday /finance, Pay, and benefits platforms and Microsoft Project for data mapping, logic configuration with crosswalks on Coupa, testing of millions of bits of personnel data following PMBOK & SDLC/ PLD principles, using Power BI. This effort was during a merger and acquisition.
Implemented Workday Service Integration as a techno-functional PM with advanced RPA for state-of-the-art invoice capture, our comprehensive solutions take on routine manual processes, streamlining the procure-to-pay process and improving accuracy. And with finance and accounting services delivered directly Workday Financial Management application, providing greater visibility.

Davita Kidney Care Tokyo, JPN-remote Sep 2021 - Oct 2021
Program/ Project/ Leader- Consultant
Led HR data migration from ADP Workforce Now to Workday for the Finance department.
Developed, documented, and launched new investment products via earned value reporting.
Worked remotely from Tokyo, Japan.

Capital Area Paediatrics Oakton, VA Mar 2020 - June 2020
Sr People Ops & PMO. Business Analyst Consultant
Collaborated closely with C-Suite in people transformation efforts for Virginia’s largest pediatric practice.
Stabilized people workflows and upgraded the cloud-based ADP WORKFORCE NOW system with EPIC for medical staff training as part of change management initiatives Google Meets, Gmail, Calendar, Workspace and Drive plus ZOOM/Teams.
As BA, improved HR processes and reduced non-productive hours and legal risks.
Augmented HR platform for faster, electronic HR transactions and ensure compliance with GxP standards.
Cross-trained staff on new ADP Workforce Now features. Moving from PeopleSoft.

Mary Washington Hospitals (non-profit) Fredericksburg, VA Nov 2020 - Dec 2020
Delivery lead - Consultant
As Operations/Delivery Digital lead, consolidated 8 HR end-user platforms into SSO on the newly landed WORKDAY (
Again note that Workday Prizm only launched in last 5 years. & Prizm for analytics) & Epic systems for another even larger hospital system. This effort entailed creating an HR ops hub for post-go-live helping 7500 employees navigate the cloud-based Workday platform in HR, HIPAA protection measures, Pharma, Security, Procurement, General, and Techsys lanes of operation.

Private Federal Tech firm (NDA protects the client) Silver Spring, MD Dec 2019 – April 2020
Business Consultant & Product Owner/Business Analyst
Working as Business Techno-functional Consultant & PMO, reported to CEO implementing cloud-based services in Finance/payroll/ benefits, rewrote employee engagement programs, labor relations protocols, procured ICIMS & Insperity COTS HRMS platform with Paylocity ERP, retail (POS) Service Now, with Azure DevOps, Ceridian & Success Factors including Concur, realigned HR mission to federal laws, enhanced budget for allocations, established stakeholder communications, reset EEOC laws in compliance and documentation chain of custody protocols, and updated employee handbook with revised T&D plans. As they moved to the Cloud, introduced NetSuite Cloud data migration for Finance using SCRUM AGILE ALLIANCE methodologies as a Product Owner.

Projects not under the RP One banner:

Heroes to Education Arlington, VA Sep 2018 - present
Techno-functional HRS/ERP Program Director, Chief People Officer, Business Analyst
(This multi-year DOD program (formerly Troops to Teachers/Troops to Education) is a non-profit merger co-sponsored by various federal agencies, including Veterans Affairs, DOE, DOD, and DOL). Report to CEO.
Created the HR department from scratch and devised organizational plans to merge two non-profits to meet Congressional directives on the CLOUD. For scaled growth up to 500 employees following fed gov. cost allocations for CAPX & OPEX resource planning. Hands-on involved in compliance and support systems of ADA, LOA, Military LOA & FMLA. Plus wrote labor relations and employee engagement using SDLC & PMBOK/Scrum/PLM principles and earned values. Implementing all Google Suite products including Meets, Slides, Gmail Drive & Workspace and ZOOM.
Designed Total Rewards, incentives/work performance measures & applications. Balanced scorecards while setting up case management processes for ADA, FMLA, LOA, time clock, and benefits mgt. and digital conversions.
Created and installed corporate PMO to develop our HR systems and process, talent management/ employee experience, T/D programming, and financial cloud-based platforms that must function in all 50 states via Excel, SalesForce, UKG, Bamboo, Bloomerang, and Power School applications. We redesigned Power School as a full-bore applications dev-ops project. All with ZERO dollars spent.
Provided direct “roll-up sleeves” hands-on HR program and project management support for enterprise including sundowning Sage Intacct into two ERP’s, Salesforce, and Black Baud. All transformation initiatives and troubleshooting efforts using hybrid Agile, Scrum, and Waterfall approaches.
Landed SaaS HRS/ERP SuccessFactors for multi-state HR leadership with Service Now, within 7 US territories.
Implemented CRM/HRMS/ERP Power School SaaS (with multiple reconfigurations) & Black Baud platforms with heavy Compliance and governance resetting PDLC and PLM principles due to redesign of prior program.
As BA, worked with the programmers to design infrastructure & and interfaces from Success Factors and SAP to Concur and then mapped the SAE (Standard Acct Extract) from Concur to SAP GL with daily RAG updates.
Systems to include SOX compliance after a 48-month vetting process of 150 SaaS/PEO and ASO type HRMS & ERP providers. This included personalized training by each vendor to validate our due diligence.
SME for vendor mgt. processes, compensation, HR compliance with T&D procurement partners, labor relations, employee experience CRM, and Salesforce IT integration.

Highmark Healthcare T/A Retailer Vision Works Eyecare Northern VA Aug 2013 - Aug 2018
Multi-office Program Manager/ Business Analyst/ Clinical Director
Directed project/operations retail/ medical management including on-site medical device production /compliance oversight for 100 full optical medical practices involving HRMS/ payroll, timekeeping with UltiPro & Kronos conversion to Workday/Crystal/Taleo over 5 years, and an M/A by an equity group using PLM cycles.
Drove KPIs for record sales, loss prevention, and patient care metrics Smartsheet and Power BI.
Led the Interface Design Team to extract necessary employee and patient data out of Success Factors to Workforce using PMBOK & SDLC principles.
Full hardware and software upgrade installs including resource allocation for capital and operational expenditures (OPEX/CAPEX) front and back-end refurbishments of comm and POS systems including ACH & and other payments and hardware inventory controls.
Insurance submissions, including Medicare/ Medicaid, FMLA, LOA, PDO & ADA, lab production & and patient care following GxP standards. Talent point of contact landed Taleo Talent, Crystal, & and migrating from PeopleSoft to Workday for 100 offices office grand opening set up and events.
Identified opportunities to improve clinical retail systems & and budgeting practices which cut inventory loss by a record 75% with effective design hierarchy in Success Factors HRMS system.
Enhanced cross-training, revised communication channels, and improved timekeeping/payroll, recruiting, and applicant tracking methodologies like WorkDay and Taleo.
Created planning systems for multiple northern Va. offices over two years, overcoming legacy platforms during the merger & and acquisition under PLD methodologies for quicker marketing capacities.
Cut employee attrition by 80% via the development of employee engagement & and cross-training programs due to clarity in workflows, employee engagement surveys, and heavy cross-training efforts.

Ruddick Corporation Northern VA Nov 2008 – Nov 2011
Multi-unit Retail Project & HR Manager
(A holding company for Harris Teeter, Inc. a leading regional retail supermarket chain. Annual revenue $1 Billion)
Project & HR manager for 8 full-service grocery stores, 1000 employees.
Oversaw key performance indicators-human resources, warehouse management, inventory control, special store rebuilds projects & customer service metrics for at least 1000 employees during a merger with Kroger Corp. Influenced HR processes management, HRMS, workers compensation, disability, benefits admin, L.O.A., FMLA and ADA processes.
Utilized Agile/Waterfall methodologies for process improvements in ACH and other payments and Kronos as a timekeeper/payroll platform.

Lowes Home Improvement WV, VA, MD Nov 2004 – Nov 2008
Store Director & Area HRBP Director
(An American retail company specializing in home improvement. Annual revenue $72B)
Directed daily Store and HR operations for 5 stores for 750 associates and average revenues of $100M.
Oversaw human resource functions for 750 employees using Kronos Timekeeping and Taleo Talent Management system as well as ACH and POS cashpoints and raised inventory loss awareness resulting in a 40% reduction in inventory losses.
Cut employee turnover by 50% via enhanced career pathing and coaching.

Walmart International Leeds, UK (expat) Jan 1993 – Nov 2004
Multinational HR/Operations PMO/Delivery Director Techno-functionalist
(International arm of WAL*MART retail operations. Annual revenue $400B)
Oversaw M&A of 272 British ASDA locations, reporting to C-level EU Execs, affecting over 100,000 colleagues. Creative program leadership led to saving over £10M in risk/disruption funds which became bonuses for all UK staff to include all removal and integrating new hardware, merch racking, grand opening event planning and warehouse redesigns.
Successful project integration of Walmart HR/HRMS practices, EU governance procedures, payroll network systems, safety, warehousing & and merchandising protocols, supporting the training/dev ops of 100k associates with monitoring of all EU EMIR/ SOX/GxP equivalent standards.
Helped design and implement all People Ops programs including creation of 4 regional Centres of Learning, payroll reporting, re-merchandizing, plus inventory and POS/cash controls.

Education:
University of Arkansas at Leeds, UK campus
International MBA Executive Certificate, Walton School of Leadership
University of Virginia, Charlottesville, VA
Bachelors, Majored in Economics & Minored in Finance
Project Management Professional Certification-PMP
Certified Scrum Product Owner
CCMP in progress
Food Safety Professional Certification, National Food Registry of Food Safety Professionals
Senior HR Professional re-certification in process at HRCI-SPHR
International Bulletproof Manager Certification
Contact this candidate