ad5kjm@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/msmahomed Oceanside, CA Mobile: 408-***-****
Areas of Expertise
Business Development • Financial Acumen • Full P&L Accountability
IT Strategy • Enterprise and Solution Architecture • Business Acumen • Application Modernization • SDLC • Security
Product Leadership • Lean Management • Market Research • Team Building • Support • Customer Service
Project and Program Management • Procurement • Change Management • Governance
Communications • C-Level Interface • Stakeholder Management
Cloud Adoption • Integration Specialist • Cloud Native Development • Mobile Platforms
Qualities: Leadership, Communications, Frugality, Conflict Resolution, Customer Success, Proactive, Collaboration, Agility

Professional Experience

US Power 2024 - Present
Architect and Tech Lead on AI/ML for Financial Investors
Working with a group of financial investors to leverage AI to guide investment decisions
Developing solutioning framework within Azure to support 15PB of training data.
Defined AI/ML Ops processes to support development of solution.

StepUp for Students – 2023
Sr. Director Enterprise Standards and Systems Architecture – STUDENT FUNDING ORGANIZATION – Not For Profit
Hired to expand growth into other states by creating a multi-tenant platform based in Azure to improve user experience for scholarship applications, access to funds, e-shopping and customer service.
Established an Enterprise Architecture practice to guide and govern the modernization journey.
Understood business strategy and goals by meeting with President and other C-Level executives
Collaborated with architects to develop the business, application, data and Cloud architecture for the future state.
Created modernization plan and solution framework for the suite of legacy products (CRM, eMarket, MDM, ESB, ERP).
Solution included Azure services such as Security, Azure DevOps, Service Bus, Functions, Synapse.
Augmented future state decision matrix by reviewing support cases and customer service feedback to.
Completed the procurement of a marketplace PaaS service from RFP creation through evaluation/negotiations/contracting.
Initiated the CRM procurement (RFP and evaluation) as per the modernization plan targeting Dynamics 365 (D365 purchased).
Ran weekly Architecture Review Board sessions to determine risks and impacts of change on organization.
Facilitated migrating on-premise payloads to Azure and leveraging best in class PaaS and SaaS options.
Defined Microservices model and facilitated the refactoring of a legacy application (.Net, C#) to a Cloud native application.
Collaborated with Engineering to enhance SCRUM based SDLC and CI/CD pipeline process, leverage Azure DevOps, integrate Azure Security thereby improving product reliability, flexibility, performance and security.

DXC TECHNOLOGY 2019 - 2022
Product Director/Sr. Solution Architect –Public Safety & Justice
Appointed by VP of America’s Microsoft Practice to modernize Public Safety and Public Health products into D365 platform.
Met with interna executives and leaders in customer community to understand their vision, strategy, challenges and risks.
Guided the business/application/data architecture and the solution architecture to meet goals and challenges of customers.
Built new product leveraging Azure Service Bus, Azure Security, Dynamics 365, Power Platform, Databricks, Synapse, Power BI, Azure AI/ML and integrating with various internal/external systems (such as Courts, EPIC, Tax Systems, Financial Systems) using REST and other integration standards.
Trained teams in D365 and Power Platform obtaining certification for all. Subsequently implemented external Portals, Flows and Chatbots into the Product.
Defined SCRUM based SDLC for product development using Azure DevOps and DevSecOps processes.
Developed an upgrade strategy to D365 Cloud for customers using the legacy on-premise Dynamics 8.x.
Created Sales collateral (with marketing input) and trained Sales on its presentation and value statements.
Incorporated Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity processes into the platform by using paired regions in Azure.
Migrated key client systems into Azure GCC within the same tenant to reduce latency with Cloud native solution.
Reduced the cost of implementation by 15% by introducing an updated implementation process that used a hybrid Waterfall/agile approach to implement the product and benefiting from a cross functional resource model.
Worked with Sales to respond to RFPs, prepare proposals, present solution, follow up on questions, participate in negotiations, complete SOW and prepare for implementation growing pipeline from $38M to $55M.
Working with Corporate Legal, created a new streamlined SOW template that became the standard for future contracts.

SANTA CLARA COUNTY – 2016- 2019 (USA)
Architect and SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER
Chosen to enhance the efficiency of defendant processing across Corrections agencies within the county.
Created strategies to meet agency objectives by facilitating workshops with agency leaders.
Implemented a modern Cloud based solution (Dynamics 9.0) using SCRUM that helped agency workers achieve their KPIs, improve service delivery to inmates and patients, and ensure compliance with regulatory agencies.
Established a unified procurement and solutioning framework spanning agencies, resulting in cost reduction, heightened standardization (processes and solutions), and enhanced integration between agencies.
Defined the Security, MDM, and ESB architecture for integrating legacy and Cloud systems.
Integrated agency solutions with County’s Health solution (EPIC) using the ESB.
Mid-way through the project, proposed and developed a solution architecture to migrate to Azure GCC and leverage PaaS and SaaS offerings from Azure (Migrate to D365 SaaS).
Identified opportunity and prototyped solution to create a data analytics/AI solution to enhance decision making in the intake processes and thereby identifying risks and other factors which otherwise would not be considered.

PRICE WATERHOUSE COOPERS - 2016 (SOUTH AFRICA)
SENIOR MANAGER – Business Development – Public Sector
Focused on business development initiatives leveraging Microsoft Dynamics, SAP.
Total value of proposals generated was in excess of $80m and included cross selling services from other divisions.
Due to personal reasons, I terminated my engagement as I had to return to the USA.

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH –2013- 2016 (SOUTH AFRICA)
Lead architect
Successfully developed and delivered a strategy/program to the Department to reduce the cost of procurements.
Delivered a Cloud based platform (B2B, B2C, CRM, MDM, Analytics) for purchasing products that required suppliers to compete on pricing and ensured timely delivery of products to improve service delivery to patients.
As this program spanned multiple locations and teams, successfully balanced resources across development, deployment, operations and support across these locations and projects.
Managed the implementation of the solution suite from conception to deployment across the state.
Trained hospital teams in each hospital on operationalization and usage of the platform for the hospital.

DUBE TRADE PORT CORPORATION 2009 – 2013 (SOUTH AFRICA)
CHIEF ARCHITECT– STATE OWNED SMART CITY - $40M
Appointed as the architect of a groundbreaking program aimed at shaping the IT vision, infrastructure, architecture, and operations for a greenfield Smart City empowering private enterprises within the newly established Smart City.
Defined the enterprise/solution architecture through understanding executive and senior management’s vision for the business operating model with respect to the four zones in the Smart City - commercial, agricultural, cargo and industrial.
Achieved milestones such as implementing an advanced water management system for a 4-hectare greenhouse, a fully automated cargo management infrastructure for the warehouse, a robust facilities management system to fortify security and access throughout the Smart City, a set of large format LED displays for widespread advertising, and two Tier 3 data centers interconnected by a redundant fiber network with two Tier 1 vendors.
The program pioneered an on-site commercial Cloud Service Provider business that offered a range of Cloud services.
Designed tier 3 data center architecture (power, cooling, racks, networks) and overall solution architecture for CSP solution.

Accenture/SOUTH AFRICAN REVENUE SERVICES (SARS) 2007 –2009 (SOUTH AFRICA)
LEAD ARCHITECT – Revenue Management - $125M
Appointed by Accenture as Lead Architect on a $125M modernization program for South African Revenue Services. Goals included enhancing and modernizing country-wide tax collection, improving revenue management, improving internal business processes (Procurement, HR, CRM, Legal, Finance) and streamlining business operations across the country.
Collaborated with the client’s Executive and IT leadership teams to understand the business vision and then define the Technical Vision for consolidating technology, optimizing processes and standardizing systems across the country.
Defined the future state architecture (business, systems, security) along with a program to realize the Technical Vision.
Managed several projects in the program to realize various objectives such as a single view of the taxpayer across various tax verticals (MDM/CRM), e- enabling various process such as tax filing, migrating a vast range of systems into a single technology stack (HP Blades), and thus creating a private cloud across the country to manage business and IT operations.
Working with the Accenture Sales team, identified and realized an opportunity to process paper Tax Returns.
Established a TOGAF based EA capability which comprised of 30 enterprise and solution architects.
ezScoreboard.com- 2002-2016
Concept, Architect, Program, Development, Sales, Support – multi-Tenant CRM/ERP/B2C Platform
Identified a need for a management platform to support community activities.
Rolled out version 1 (2002) using a SOA domain model pattern and incorporating CRM, ERP and eCommerce capabilities.
Enhanced the platform to include App support, Customer Service Portal, self-service admin capabilities, data analytics, configurable reporting, and financial management.
Customers running of the single platform included state hospitals, private marketplaces, multi-region sports leagues, and community-based sports and recreational departments.
Some metrics to consider: Larger tennis leagues spanned 4000 players, multi-sport City Youth League over 3000 kids, regional squash leagues included 2500 players at the top end.

Other Relevant Experience 1998-2005 (USA)
Compendium Corporation, Bloomington, MN – Vice President Development – HCM SaaS
King County – Architect and Project Manager – Homeless Management
State of MN –MN Supreme Court - Application Architect – District and Appellate Court Case Management
Hennepin County – Department of Corrections - Technical Project Manager and Solution Architect - Probation
Minneapolis, MN - Computer Sciences Corporation – Principal Architect - SATS Processing
St. Paul, MN- Ulyssess Telemedia - Vice President Engineering – Internet Operating System
Brooklyn Park, MN - Siemens- Project Manager and Architect on various utility and power companies (USA, International)
Education & Certifications

-Post Graduate Courses: AI/ML Leadership (in progress)
UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS, AUSTIN

-Post Graduate Courses: Digital Communications & Software Engineering Project Management
UNIVERSITY OF THE WITWATERSRAND, SOUTH AFRICA

-B.Sc. Engineering in Electronics
UNIVERSITY OF NATAL, SOUTH AFRICA
FORMAL CERTIFICATIONS: TOGAF SANS SECURITY CATALYST PROJECT MANAGEMENT PWC TRANSFORM Power Platform

Professional Development

Business Proficiency: Working knowledge of business processes in several sectors, account management, financial management, business development. Familiar with the following compliance standards: PCI, CJIS, HIPPA, CSA

Program and Product Management: Accenture Delivery Methods, Computer Sciences Corporation Catalyst, PWC Transform, PMI/PMBok 6.0, Agile/SCRUM, Kanban, Change Management (PROSCI), Waterfall.

PM Tools: Microsoft Project, Clarity, Project Server, Plan View, Zoho.

Cloud Environments: Azure, Azure GCC, AWS, AWS GovCloud, GCP

Security: ISO2700, EntraID, Cryptography, PKI, WAF, Azure Private Link, VPN Gateway, Azure Vault, Sentinel, Defender

Architecture Frameworks, Methodologies and Tools: TOGAF, Zachman, RUP, System Architect, Archi, Rational Rose

Technical: Domain Modeling, Microservices, Entity Framework, Razor, Kubernetes, ReST APIs, HTML5, CSS3, BOOTSTRAP, Spring, Struts, J2EE, .Net, C, C++, C#, JavaScript, VBScript, Azure DevSecOps, GIT, D365, Power Platform, PowerBI, Data Factory, Synapse, Linux, pSOS, VxWorks, VmWare, Azure ADFS, S5 PLCs, VCE Converged, REV, ITIL, SQL Server, PostgreSQL, Progress, Oracle, DB2, Express Route,

Community Leadership & Volunteerism

Big Brother Meals on Wheels former Chair of Alumni Association (raising funds for school projects) Soccer Coach
Contact this candidate