Rochelle Murphy
Accounting, Finance, Management
***** ****** ***
Euclid, Oh 44132
216-***-****
ad5n94@r.postjobfree.com
SKILLS
● Leadership and Management Skills
● Accounting Knowledge
● Software Proficiency including but not limited to Microsoft, and Quickbooks
● Business Knowledge
● Attention to detail
● Communication Orentain
● Organizational skills
EXPERIENCE
Home Manager
March 2012 - PRESENT
● Managed household tasks such as budgeting, meal planning, and scheduling.
● Manage multiple schedules for a household of two adults and two children
● Create and implement daily routines for effective scheduling
● Establish budgets for utilities, food, and other necessities to maintain fiscal responsibility
● Coordinate medical appointments for all family members and follow up with healthcare providers
● Balance caregiving duties with freelance work using time management strategies
PetSmart, Northbrook, IL - Product Manager
November 2010 - March 2012
● leading the execution of plan-o-grams, organizing promotional and sale price changes, and overseeing the fulfillment of our In-Store pickup orders.
● Forecasted supply and demand requirements to ensure stock availability.
● Trained and mentored employees and staff in all inventory processes per standard operating procedures.
● Performed complete inventory checks of all stock and supplies at directed intervals.
● Performing opening and closing procedures
● Overseeing the care of multiple animals
Target, Niles, IL - Guest Service Team Leader
July 2008 - November 2010
● develops and delivers the service levels required to provide the customer with the best experience possible, stimulate customer retention, and generate additional opportunities.
● training and development of team members by providing daily performance feedback.
● responsible for “pitching in” on anything that needs to be done and ensuring it is completed promptly
● Ensures Cash Room and key box are locked and money is kept secure. Maintains records of monetary transactions such as safe counts, toll vouchers, coupons, returned checks, coin orders, petty cash, IOUs, and key inventory. Ensures each business day is properly closed and balanced.
EDUCATION
Lakeland Community College, Kirtland, OH
Associate of Applied Business in Accounting and Finance Management GPA 3.85
Sept 2021 - Dec 2023
VOLUNTEER WORK
For the last five years, I have volunteered with Mater Dei Academy. I have volunteered for many positions from treasurer for the Parent-Teacher Union, to the headroom parent for my son and daughter's classroom, and countless hours with different projects, committees, and sporting events. I have also been selected for Captain of a local ultra marathon checkpoint. As Captain, I organized the set-up and takedown of the station. Checking up on the runners to ensure they are still mentally and physically able to continue the marathon. Organizing fellow volunteers with duties and exceptions. Organizing and prepping items runners will need when arriving at the checkpoint.
Contact this candidate