PROFILE
n Technical Product and Project Manager for 20 years launching B2C/B2B SaaS for Enterprises, Startups, Nonprofits, Agencies, Consultancies, across tools for Analytics, CRM, CMS, EComm, ELT, AI, APIs.
n Empathetic design thinking combined with management consultant approach for leading agile cross-functional teams across SDLC aligning design, engineering, and operations for optimized customer value.
n Effectively envisions and manages products using consumer voice, industry trends, data analytics and insights, and user feedback for high value ROI outcomes correlated with OKRs and KPIs.

CORE COMPETENCIES & SKILLS
Agile leadership: SAFe, Kanban, Scrum, Lean, MVP UX, AdTech, MarTech, HTML/CSS, Data Analysis
Full SDLC for cross-functional, distributed teams Building, coaching, and mentoring product teams
Matrixed stakeholder communication & collaboration Managed off-shore and on-shore UX/design teams

EXPERIENCE

Clients: Apollo Global Management, Google Ads Events, Prudential New York, NY Nov 2020 - present
Contractor Hybrid Product Manager / Product Owner / Scrummaster / Program Manager / Business Analyst for data-driven SaaS products for B2B and B2C process workflows and use cases.

Contractor at Apollo Global Mgmt Data Engineering via JK Partners - Mar 2024 to present
oProduct manged B2B SaaS generative AI data initiatives including data mapping and ELT for wealth management by leveraging AI LLM and RAG from semi and unstructured within Azure.
oStrategy and product for centralized datamart portal for schemas, lineage, governance, and access requests across all data products including global search engine and APIs.
oSpearheaded the establishment of Scrum methodology within data engineering and software teams, driving iterative dev cycles, and enhancing transparency, including PMIS management.
oEstablished timeline estimates and strategic roadmaps across workstreams with onshore and offshore engineering team to set expectations based on current and future resourcing after determining vision, messaging, scope and priority of solutions.
oLeveraged latest data and integration technologies including Pyspark, Spark SQL, Spark streaming, Snowflake, Tableau, PowerBI, Collibra, Azure Data Processing, Neo4j, data governance, current/latest ELT.
Contractor at Google Ads Events via Aquent - Jan 2022 to Jun 2022
oProduct and program manager for Google Ads Events B2B SaaS ecosystem including CRM databases, analytics and insights, and RPA delivering high customer value for end users.
oManaged co-located onshore and offshore team of 100 resources including 5 vendor teams and 2 internal dev teams consisting of developers, creatives, marketers, analysts including budgets.
oBuilt overarching and specific backlogs and roadmaps from matrixed stakeholder input, internal user feedback, and strategic vision goals across OKRs and KPIs for customer value.
oSpearheaded the establishment of Scrum methodology within our product and engineering teams, driving iterative development cycles, and enhancing transparency throughout the organization including using PMIS tooling.
Contractor at Prudential PGIM Wealth Management via Creative Circle - Apr 2021 to Aug 2021
oProduct manager / business analyst of Prudential's Stable Value Group’s wealth asset management platform for B2B SaaS leveraging Salesforce, data warehouses, and RPA.
oDeep dive analysis into current and future states and gap analysis of use cases for front, middle and back office, including diagramming complex workflows and detailing stakeholder req's.

Oliver Wyman, New York, NY Jan 2019 – Oct 2020
Product Lead / Delivery Project Manager (Full Time) for AI/ML Data Products
Launched enterprise B2B SaaS data products: Market risk and capital markets, financial regs (Experian Forecaster), scalable platform-as-a-service (OW Cloud), airline benchmarking (MCASM Benchmarking).
Managed teams of data scientists, developers, business analysts, UX/UI designers, consultants, including interfacing with stakeholders, senior leaders, dev teams to drive delivery and intent by priority.
Documented requirements and managed product KPIs such as customer value reporting across epics, user stories, burndowns, retros, sprint planning including program project risk tool.
Managed relationships with business partners and tech vendors, set and tracked OKRs and KPIs.
Spearheaded the establishment of Scrum methodology within our product and engineering teams, driving iterative development cycles, and enhancing transparency including AWS and Azure.

Ernst & Young, New York, NY Sep 2017 - Jun 2018
Product Manager (Contractor via Solomon Page) for Stealth AI/ML Big Data Product
Launched stealth enterprise AI/ML start-up finding anti-fraud financial crimes product for Fortune 100 banks using platform leveraging Python functions, Jupyter notebooks, Pyspark pipelines, data warehouse, including front/middle/back office use cases in both AWS and Azure ecosystems
Managed data product team of data scientists, developers, business analysts, architect, including interfacing with stakeholders, senior leaders, dev teams drive delivery and intent by priority.
Documented and managed product processes including Jira reporting, sprints, epics, user stories, set and tracked OKRs and KPIs including risk analytics and program project risk tool.
Established means of effective communication and Agile engagement practices for distributed teams, promoting effective use of new practices including use of Jira and Confluence and Trello.

Social Media Link, New York, NY Sep 2016 – Jul 2017
VP of Product Management (Full Time) for Social Shopping Product
Launched advanced social shopping features for B2B SaaS product for optimized customer value: enhanced platform security, scaled performance, API creation, streamlined UX.
Recruited and mentored product team including designers, developers, and product managers and helped manage resource budgets and financial models.
Conducted Agile training sessions for all employees, resulting in a company-wide adoption of Agile principles and practices including PMIS implementation and adoption.

Docusmash, New York, NY Jun 2015 – Dec 2016
Head of Product (Direct Consultant) for E-Commerce IoT Start-Up
Launched web prototype IoT dev on time and on budget resulting in investor buy-in for pilot phase.
Led stealth ecommerce start-up, collaborating with founders on app prototype including building and coaching product team consisting of UX designer, tech lead, front end developer, functional analyst.
Drafted RFP for technical development, assisting with business plan for investor rounds and branding.

Centric Digital, New York, NY Jun 2014 – May 2015
Senior Project Manager / Product Lead (Full Time) for Business Consultancy for Non-Profits and Healthcare
Launched web and mobile apps for Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and Southern Poverty Law Center, Management consulting for United Healthcare including setting and detailing roadmaps, epics, stories.
Optimized processes for product team and tools for cross-functional onshore and offshore teams across strategy, product, front/back-end/mobile, UX/UI design, including mentoring and team coaching.
Account management, including budget and schedule tracking, RFP pitches, technical audits, operations, and measurement of customer values.

Worry Free Labs, New York, NY Oct 2013 – May 2014
Senior Project Manager / Product Lead (Full Time) for Mobile IoT Products Agency
Launched iOS/Android apps for IoT start-ups: Acision, TEEcom, Personal Running Trainer, WeDemand.
Optimized product team processes including cloud tools for distributed offshore and onshore cross-functional resources including developers, designers, and strategists.

Freelance Digital Consultant, New York, NY 2007 – 2013
Project Manager / Product Lead (Contractor) for In-House and Digital Marketing Agencies
Digital marketing, and social media campaigns with up to $1M+ budgets and 3-6-12 month timelines.
Managed, coached, and mentored cross-functional product teams located onshore and offshore including optimizing collaboration processes and measurements including ROI and customer value.
Select clients: FTI Consulting (Sitecore), JP Morgan (401k target funds), HBO, CBS, MTV, Johnson & Johnson, Sony, Sprint, NFL, Kiehl’s Since 1851, Condé Nast Store, Metropolitan Museum of Art Store.

Merrill Lynch, New York, NY 2001 – 2006
Vice President, Web Team Manager (Full Time) for ML & Co. HR Corporate Communications
Launched enterprise HR CMS platform for internal and external web sites and 401k compensation platforms including roadmaps, epics, and stories, delivered business outcomes to create customer value.
Enhanced operational efficiencies, evaluating current states, and improving process workflows.
Managed and mentored global offshore and onshore teams for team performance, change management, and editorial oversight.
Championed Agile values and principles, driving a culture of innovation and continuous improvement throughout the organization.

EDUCATION
Southern Methodist University School of Law 1995
J.D., Law

Austin College 1992
B.A., English Literature
Contact this candidate