Esther Viñuales
Date of birth: **/**/**** Address: Madrid
E-mail: ad5o4k@r.postjobfree.com Telephone: +34-696-**-**-** Portfolio: https://www.behance.net/esthervinuales
PROFILE
EDUCATION
PROFESSIONAL
EXPERIENCE
SKILLS
STRENGTHS
HOBBIES
My experience as Product Manager for more than 15 years has allowed me to grow in different functions and departments, contributing to effective product management. From both a technical and creative perspective, my commitment and listening skills have always been crucial in achieving objectives.
My aim is to seek new challenges where I can grow and enjoy by creating, managing, or communicating products that meet customer needs and enhance their lives.
. “Technical Engineering in Industrial Design” (Universitat Jaume I Castellon,1997-2003)
. "Product Design and Development" Erasumus Scholarship (Saldford Univerysity - Grea- ter Manchester, UK, 2002)
. Postgraduate in "Design of exhibition spaces" (IED Barcelona, 2004)
. Postgraduate in "Lighting Design" (IED Barcelona, 2006)
. Training in “Design Thinking” (European Graduate Institute, 2022)
. "Basic Aspects of User Experience Design" (Coursera authorised by Google, 2022)
. “Social Media 2.0 and Social Media Strategy” (INESEM, 2023)
. “Prompt Design: Generative AI for Design” (Futurejobs.ai, 2024) PRODUCT MANAGER & MARKETING PM at Zonair3D (Mar. 2008 - Dec. 2023) DESIGNER AND PROJECT MANAGER OF TRADE SHOW BOOTHS at Trazos y Tendencias (sept. 2005-oct. 2007)
DRAFTSMAN at Ingenieros Im3 (2002-2005)
Adobe creative
Photoshop, Illustrator,
Indesign, Premiere
Creativity Problem solving Attention to detail
Empathy Teamwork Resilience
Design, Music, Sport, Architecture, Lighting, Travelling
. Product definition (range of air purifiers) with R&D and engineering
. Quality: supervision and testing of product functionality, external appearance (finish), packaging and product (finishes), packaging and documentation attached to the product, in order to achieve product excellence
. Product and company marketing documents: salesfolders, catalogues, technical data sheets, flyers, website updating and RRSS
. Customer management: definition of projects, price lists and margins, budgets, incident management and feedback. CRMs such as Salesforce, Axos, Zoho
. Supplier management: purchasing for production and logistics. ERPs such as Axapta or Gespymes
. Documentation management: organization of reports, studies, certifications, etc.
. Design and conceptualization of booths (3D): creative proposals based on the client's brand identity.
. Project management and coordination: construction plans, ordering from suppliers, adherence to deadlines, on-site assembly supervision, and final quality control.
. Project design / delineation (low voltage) and transformer stations Midjourney & Runway
AI applied to design,
interiorism and architecture
Office 365
Word, Excel, Powerpoint
Autocad & 3DS
ENGLISH CATALAN
Contact this candidate