Liz Moraites ad5pau@r.postjobfree.com
New Haven CT https://www.linkedin.com/in/liz-moraites/
PROJECT MANAGER PRODUCT MANAGER
Experienced project manager with an expertise in making data-driven decisions. Looking to make a shift into product management by leveraging my market research skills to lead a product to completion.
QUALIFICATIONS
Competitor Research Market Research User Interviews Road Mapping Data Analysis Strategic Planning 7 years of Management Experience Cross-Functional Collaboration Data-driven Usability Resource Management Agile Methodologies TOOLS: Slack, Asana, ClickUp, Figma, Zoom, Box, Drive, Microsoft Office, Google Analytics, SEMrush
WORK EXPERIENCE
Bartlett Interactive Project Manager & Client Services Jan 2024 - May 2024
● Led cross-functional teams to deliver web development services, ensuring seamless collaboration across departments
● Utilize QuickBooks Online (QBO) data analysis for informed decision-making, guiding resource allocation, scoping, and business strategy
● Used Semrush and Google Analytics to conduct data analyses, yielding insights into SEO performance
● Collaborated with production and marketing teams on the development and QA of products
MarketCast Associate Director, Custom Research March 2022 - July 2023
● Led the execution of 300 participant interviews across two Instagram Rolling Research tracks, delving deep into user experience, comprehension, and adaptability of cross-app products
Investigated user engagement and interaction with various Instagram features
Synthesized over 200 hours of interview data per week, turning complex findings into actionable recommendations to enhance product navigability, positioning, and concept comprehension
● Presented findings to key stakeholders on a bi-weekly basis, guiding strategic decision-making and driving project success
● Oversaw and mentored a team of 5 analysts, fostering a collaborative environment conducive to professional growth and achievement
Touchstone Research Project Director II Dec 2017 - Feb 2022
● Managed technical research projects through the entire life-cycle ensuring adherence to project scope and objectives
● Successfully onboarded and managed 7 insight communities, while managing up to 5 ad-hoc projects concurrently
● Led and synthesized research for products including, but not limited to:
Facebook Messenger, Disney Now app, ESPN+ Streaming, Google AI products, Meta Reality Labs, Nickelodeon games, and Mattel CPG and Brand Research.
Projects uncovered product market fit, journey mapping, brand alignment, and recommendations for emerging features and products
● Crafted detailed screener documents, questionnaires, and discussion guides by collaborating with clients to nail down their key research objectives Global Treks & Adventures Research Assistant March 2015 - Dec 2015
● Sailed with a group of undergraduates through Vieques and Culebra to conduct research culture on the U.S. military presence on the islands
● Responsible for data collection through 1:1 interviews in Spanish and analysis
● Resulted in a publication: Moraites, E. (2016.) Navy Presence. In a Field Guide to the Spanish Virgin Islands (pp. 33-40). CreateSpace.
EDUCATION + CERTIFICATES
Montclair State University B.A. Anthropology Graduated summa cum laude RIVA Fundamentals of Moderation Rockwell, MD
Fundamentals of Marketing Analytics Semrush
LETTERS OF RECOMMENDATION
Samantha Leaman, Senior Research Manager Former Manager @ Touchstone Research: It is my pleasure to recommend Liz Moraites.
Liz worked as an employee of mine at Touchstone Research for just under 5 years. I truly enjoyed the time spent working with Liz. She is a hard-worker, reliable, and also a true team player. In addition to all of that, she is a compassionate and friendly person with great communication skills, making it easy to work with her and integrate her into any time or project. During her time at Touchstone, I watched her grow from a junior employee into one of the most senior members on our team. In her day-to-day role, Liz was not only responsible for managing several full-service qualitative research projects, but also had a direct report that she was responsible for overseeing. Liz was able to tackle her workload, often shifting priorities as necessary and helping her team do so as well. With the often tight timelines that we were up against, Liz kept projects on time and budget, while also looking for ways to implement new programs/technology to streamline where possible. As you might imagine, this position required superior organizational and communication skills, which Liz not only demonstrated but excelled at and handled very gracefully, becoming a role model for others on the team. It is without a doubt that I think Liz would be a great addition to your organization. She is a hard worker, but in addition to that she is an all-around great person and pleasure. Please feel free to contact me at ad5pau@r.postjobfree.com if you would like to discuss Liz’s experience further, and I would be more than happy to do so.
Liz Williams, SVP of Custom Research, UX & Platforms Former Manager @ MarketCast Liz stands out because she is genuinely energized by the identification and implementation of smart, efficient operational approaches that benefit research quality and workflow. She has a great mind for the tools and ways of working that reinforce process consistency, and has the ability to marry that up with research goals. At the same time, she doesn't lean on continuity for continuity's sake, she's thoughtful about unpacking research requests in order to ensure that the right methodology to meet the ask is landed.
Tessa Pena, Research Manager Former colleague @ Touchstone & MarketCast I have had the pleasure of working with Liz at two different companies over the years. I can say she is wonderfully empathic and adaptable. She has excelled at working on detailed and lengthy custom research projects as well as agile and fast paced UX research. No matter the methodology, Liz has a deep understanding of the user and always showcases their voice in her findings
Contact this candidate