GUSTAVO E. FIORINI

PERSONAL INFORMATION

**** ******** ****, **** *****, FL 33462
Phone 561-***-****
Email ad5pgj@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMARY

Industrial Engineer with extensive experience in industry and construction. Working together with the different areas of the company, optimizing resources, solving in the best way the problems and challenges that arise. Skills to plan, control and execute projects.

WORK EXPERIENCE

COMPANY JUMAX LLC (2019-CURRENT)
Industry: Frozen yogurt, ice cream, acai bowls, and more.
Position: Entrepreneur, Owner and General Manager.

Responsibilities:
Oversaw location research, layout design, and construction management, facilitated inspections and interacted with licensing inspectors, managed commercial permits and authorizations, and purchased the necessary equipment and facilities for the business to operate. Oversaw the general administration, including purchasing, human resources, sales, processing, marketing, accounting, and finance.

COMPANY JUMAX GROUP ARGENTINA (2011-2022)
Industry: General Construction.
Position: Entrepreneur, Owner and General Manager.

Responsibilities:
Investor and project manager in residential construction, totaling 41 apartments. Project manager in industrial construction, overseeing the design, plans, and permits for the construction of an industrial warehouse, a new industrial effluent treatment plant, totaling 11000 M2.

COMPANY: TIGRE ARGENTINA SA (1999-2011)
Industry: Brazilian multinational, manufacturer of tubes and connections (www.tigre.com.ar)
Positions: Industrial Manager, overseeing both the Argentina and Uruguay factories.

Responsibilities:
Management extrusion plant with capacity in 2700 tons/month. Oversight of the PVC compound plant. Management of the new injection plant with a monthly capacity of 180 tons/month. Quality, maintenance management. Design and construction of a 6,500 m2 warehouse, complete with a loading dock, a fire suppression system, 8,000 rack positions and offices. Project management for the establishment of a new branch of the TIGRE group in Uruguay, including the search for an industrial warehouse, overseas machinery procurement, assembly, installation, qualifications, permits, and startup. The position reported directly to a general manager and managed a staff of 250 people. Acting as a representative before IRAM (Argentine Institute for Standardization and Certification)

COMPANY: A. SANTORELLI SA (1996-1999)
Industry: Injection of plastic fittings.
Last Positions: Injection Manager.

Responsibilities:
Production scheduling. Scrap and cost control. Staff management. Inventory management. Planning for the new facility (property search, layout design, budgeting, and coordination of third-party contractors for renovations and installations). Approved new injection molds, implemented standardization plans, and improved processes. Established and developed the laboratory. Successfully obtained ISO 9002 certification.

SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE

Strong interpersonal, relationship, and management skills
Proficient in organizational tasks, administration, and supervision
Expertise in Microsoft Windows and AutoCAD operating systems
Proficient in various software applications
Exceptional customer service skills
High degree of respect and empathy
Effective communication and idea transmission
Ability to engage and captivate the audience
Deep commitment and dedication
Strong organizational insight
Proficient in initiating and managing diverse business ventures
Demonstrated high intellectual aptitude

COURSES AND SEMINARS

Course: “Higher Technician in Plastics Transformation” – INTI – CITP – CAIP. nineteen ninety-six.
Course: "Internal Auditor for Quality System" - Dictated in AMP SA by Eng. Silvia Veitzman Registered NRS AQS A2174 and Eng. Delia Chueco registered DGQ FA 1349. 1997.
Inter Seminar “Standardization and Certification in a Globalized Economy” – IRAM. 1998.
Seminar "Command Panel" - Higher Institute of Strategic Planning. 1998.
Course on “Management of Work Teams” – Argentine Institute of Industrial Automation (IAAI). 1999
LAQM Course (Quality Management Program for Latin America) – Japan (duration 1 month) 03/1999
Higher Technical Course in Plastic Transformation - dictated by INTI and CAIP. 11/1996
Internal Auditor Course for ISO 9000 standards. 03/1997
Standardization and Certification in a Globalized Economy at IRAM. 05/1998
Command Board Management Course – dictated by the Higher Institute of Strategic Planning. 06/1998
Management of Work Teams – dictated by IAAI (Argentine Institute of Industrial Automation). 11/1999
Seminar "Prevention of Occupational Risks" - Berkley International ART. 2002
“People Management” Program – IAE. 2010

EDUCATION

MBA - Master in Business Administration from the University of Salvador,2005.
Industrial Engineer – Degree obtained from the University of Moron, 2003.
Chemical Technician – Title obtained from Institute La Salle. (YEAR)

LANGUAGES

Spanish: Fluent, native language.
English: High intermediate.
Portuguese: High intermediate.
Contact this candidate