Georgina Lozano
ad5tik@r.postjobfree.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/georginalozano 915-***-**** Denver, CO Focused Content Analyst and Product Manager with 10+ years’ expertise in content analysis, content strategy, and content taxonomy for SaaS organizations in the B2B, B2C, and e-commerce spaces. Expertise guiding product strategies for self-service content and delivering on data-as-a-service initiatives. Accustomed to the demands of fast-paced startups. Accomplished in building end-to-end horizontal services to bridge data development, content, knowledge graph services, search, and user experience (UX). Eager to take next career step while taking on big challenges and owning execution from ideation to deployment. Areas of Expertise:
● Cross-Functional Teams
● Collaborative Leadership
● Taxonomy & Ontology
● Content-as-a-Product
● Data-as-a-Service
● SAFe, Agile, & Waterfall
● Content Localization
● UX Research
● Information Architecture
● Data Governance
● Prompt Engineering
● AI, ML, NLP, & LLMs
Software and Tools:
● SQL, Cypher, Python
● Jira and Confluence
● ChatGPT / GenAI
● PoolParty Semantic Suite
● Sisense
● Mixpanel
● Figma
● Notion
● Google Suite
Accomplishments
● Helped launch professional networking platform in 30+ countries while maintaining 43% month-over-month active user growth rate.
● Enabled $8MM in revenue by working with engineers, stakeholders, and product managers to develop fuzzy logic-driven algorithms for entity matching.
● Contributed to $32MM in revenues by implementing data-driven product strategies and pushing content to new markets globally.
● Increased revenues by $9MM+ by categorizing and identifying areas of improvement in entity matching algorithms and improving overall search, recommendation, and matching experience.Supervised content mapping and task designation for 14,000+ writing assignments while providing editorial feedback to improve writers' submissions and understanding of project scopes.
● Conducted comprehensive content analysis for 7+ brands consisting of 100k+ digital content assets and over 500k+ sub-content assets.
● Conducted in-depth content audits and analyses to assess existing content performance, identify gaps, and opportunities for optimization.
● Wrote project requirement documents (PRDs), statements of work (SOWs), standard operating procedures
(SOPs), and style guides for content development, prospective third-party writers, and project managers.
● Led team of 25 contractors while managing NLP data analysis, classification, and validation projects for global markets, including the US, UK, IT, FR, DE, ES, BR, NL, PT, MX, and AU-NZ. Professional Experience
Taxonomist & Information Architect
OnFrontiers 2022 to 2024
● Designed taxonomies within the government contracting space, worked hand-in-hand with product and user experience teams to create world-class customer experiences and refine data, taxonomy, and ontologies.
● Worked with data scientists to drive full-stack development of machine learning systems, entity matching algorithms, LLMs, genAI content and recommendation systems.
● Created master data and digital assets for elastic search, autocompletes, entity matching, and AI efforts.
● Developed and maintained comprehensive taxonomies and metadata structures to enhance data organization, retrieval, and analysis, ensuring accuracy and consistency across systems and platforms.
● Established and managed reference data systems, ensuring accuracy and integrity of foundational information across organizational platforms and processes. Continued on next page
Georgina Lozano
Page 2 of 2
Taxonomist & Project Manager
Intuit 2022 to 2024
● Leveraged scrum methodologies to shepherd change and drive knowledge transfer.
● Partnered with product segment teams to understand requests and needs.
● Facilitated cross-functional team meetings to track progress and track issues.
● Contributed to implementation of entity matching and intent-based routing to internal virtual assistant platforms that improved the routing process and cut down on transfer rates.
● Instrumental in launching virtual expert platform self-help capabilities that leveraged master taxonomies.
● Worked closely with stakeholders to launch AI-driven Attribute Based Routing (ABR) capability used to route customers to experts based on experts’ tax topic proficiency.
● Worked with Learning and Development teams to develop skills taxonomy and skills guidelines.
● Leveraged NLP models and algorithms to improve scalable systems for document parsing, entity recognition, sentiment analysis, summarization, and data classification.
● Enriched taxonomies by conducting data analysis of transcripts and call drivers.
● Audited taxonomies to identify areas for improvement and enrichment – conducted comprehensive overhaul of definitions, scope notes, and hierarchy.
● Worked with stakeholders and globalization teams to enter new markets and introduce new features.
● Created and updated taxonomy operating procedures and processes to facilitate work and onboarding. Senior Taxonomy Analyst, Content Analyst, and Project Manager (2019 to 2022) BOLD 2014 to 2022
● Acted as Product Owner for internal content and taxonomy management systems.
● Translated user requirements into use cases, new products and technologies, content templates, style guides, and technical documentation.
● Developed products by leveraging master data, including autocompletes, enriched search, content delivery APIs, faceted search, and entity matching.
● Improved natural language understanding, intent recognition, and characterization learning for short text.
● Contributed to development of solutions to reduce intent ambiguity while enhancing personalization.
● Drove end-to-end projects requiring data relationship changes, internal product and tooling changes, and data creation, while establishing scalable localization processes.
● Managed large, multi-step projects from beginning to end while working with stakeholders to migrate data automatically or manually, managed $250,000 project budgets.
● Worked with data scientists, product managers, SEO, and platform teams to validate data relationships, platform-level indices, and product-level services.
● Led content development team in writing unique content, editing and publishing high-quality content within proprietary content management system (CMS) for use on multiple platforms. Content Specialist (2014 to 2017), Senior Content Specialist (2017 to 2018), Taxonomy Analyst (2018 to 2019) Education and Certifications
Master of Arts Management (MAM): Entertainment, Arts, and Media Management Columbia College Chicago
Bachelor of Arts (BA): English Literature
University of Texas at El Paso
Publications: “Volcanism and erosion in Sabaea Terra: implications for planetary history of a new image from the Mars Odyssey orbiter.” Proceedings of the Third European Workshop on Exo-Astrobiology, 18-20 Nov. 2003, Madrid, Spain.
Certified ScrumMaster, Scrum Alliance (exp. 3/2026) Google Project Management Professional
Google Data Analytics Professional
Google Advanced Data Analytics Professional
Google Cybersecurity Professional
Certified Digital Product Manager
Contact this candidate