Tamara E. Carpenter
Summerfield, NC ***** 806-***-**** ad5u83@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Summary
Product manager with a 29-year trajectory of pioneering ERP systems, redefining business processes, and spearheading end-user training programs. A professional that harnesses a unique blend of expertise in requirements gathering, solution definition, and stakeholder engagement to forecast and shape future technological landscapes. With a visionary approach, I am adept at fostering team-oriented collaboration and driving operational excellence, poised to deliver transformative solutions in any organizational context.
Skills Toolkit
Business Process Analysis
ERP Initiatives
Application/Organizational Development
Program/Project Management
Team Oriented Collaboration
Innovation Management
Product Lifecycle Management
Stakeholder Engagement
Process Re-engineering
Agile Methodologies

Data Analysis
Standard Query Language (SQL)
Solution Definition
User Acceptance Testing
End User Training
Professional Experience
EMPLOYBRIDGE — Dallas, TX
The largest US commercial staffing company with over 400 offices nationwide, averaging 85K associate payments and billing 5K customers weekly
Product Manager – Enterprise Group March 2023 to February 2024
Responsible for defining the strategy, roadmap, and vision for product owners for back office (ERP), middle office (time and compliance) and integration hub teams.
Key Results:
Led strategic planning for Enterprise Product Teams, ensuring both immediate and future needs were met.
Enhanced solution delivery by aligning team efforts with strategic initiatives.
Boosted decision-making efficiency by implementing product feature monitoring dashboards.
Cultivated a collaborative remote team environment, encouraging product innovation.
Drove ERP integration, elevating product strategy through stakeholder management and product reviews.

Manager, Business Analytics January 2018 to March 2023
Responsible for leading and developing a team of business analysts responsible for ERP and reporting functionality to help support the agile process.
Key Results:
Innovated training programs, enabling Business Analyst to evolve into Product Owner roles.
Developed training programs for ERP system and business processes for business users and business analysts.
Devised a process to detect and manage system deficiencies, incorporating them into the product lifecycle.
Outlined teams’ mission, priorities, and goals, setting Standard Operating Objectives to gauge progress.
Effectively executed critical Year End Project, managing the issuing of 450K and 1500 1099’s.

Manager, Application Support and Back Office Development September 2012 to January 2018
Responsible for leading a team of business analysts, support analysts and engineers to deliver and support an ERP functionality across several departments as well as project initiatives

Key Results:
Led a $18B acquisition initiative, integrating it with an existing ERP to boost operational efficiency.

Established a cross-functional training process, enhancing team collaboration and knowledge sharing.
Implemented Agile principles as ERP system Product Owner, streamlining software development process.
Spearheaded a strategic hiring approach to align with team culture and skill requirements for new hires.
Developed a business process for identifying system deficiencies and opportunities by following best practices to implement change using a discovery, design, develop and deploy methodology.

ERP Business Analyst June 2004 to September 2012
Responsible for providing functional support and analysis for Lawson ERP initiatives and day-to-day operational support for all back office financial systems
Key Results:
Collaboratively implemented Lawson ERP system, aligning with HR/Payroll and Billing stakeholders.
Managed payroll processing systems for 30K employees across 30K employees across multiple states, ensuring timely and accurate payments.
Supported billing process including sales tax setup, billing account structure, invoice distribution (e-mail), lockbox maintenance and revenue structure
Implemented Third Party solution (ADP OBA) benefit solution for colleague/staff personnel, migrating existing employees from Lawson to ADP
Managed Year End Project to produce W2’s/1099’s and mag media for 13 different legal entities
Led acquisition initiatives, integrating it with an existing ERP to boost operational efficiency (Hire Dynamics $25M and Employment Plus $350M).
Administered ERP configuration changes, maintaining system stability and performance.
Served as the primary business partner for back office financial and HR/PR teams to help design, document, and test new functionality for Lawson.

Data Base Administrator and Trainer, October 1998 to June 2004
Key Results:
Responsible for administration of the applicant tracking system and ERP for processing payroll and billing, as well as reporting and training for both the systems
Set up and maintained system structure for a ATS and payroll/billing system, enhancing efficiency.
Provided critical support to branches during payroll and billing process, resolving issues promptly.
Developed tailored reports to meet organizational needs, driving informed decision-making.
Conducted comprehensive training for field offices on application and assignment management, booting productivity.
Help Desk and Training, December 1996 to October 1998
Staffing Supervisor, July 1994 to December 1996
Education & Training
UNIVERSITY OF OKLAHOMA — Norman, OK

Bachelor of Science in Public Administration
Contact this candidate