CHRISTOPHER NAVARRO
S U MMARY
Highly-motivated individual with desire to take on new challenges. Strong work ethic, adaptability, and exceptional interpersonal skills. Adept at working effectively unsupervised and quickly mastering new skills. I am a committed job seeker with a history of meeting company needs with consistent and organized practices. Skilled in working under pressure and adapting to new situations and challenges to best enhance the organizational brand.
E X P E R I E N C E
Product Manager
OEM, K&N Engineering Riverside, CA November 2022 - August 2023 Purchase Analyst
K&N Engineering Riverside, CA June 2022 - November 2022 Consulted with engineers to resolve quality, production, and efficiency problems. Assessed materials, parts and products for conformance with quality control requirements and production specifications.
Performed in-process inspections on components, assemblies, and products using precision measuring instruments.
Monitored manufacturing processes for compliance with quality standards. Provided training to internal personnel on quality assurance or procedures as needed.
Used root cause analysis tools to determine failures and provide appropriate counter-measures to prevent repeat failures.
Conducted dimensional inspections of production parts to ensure conformance with customer specifications.
Investigated customer complaints regarding quality issues and performed root cause analysis.
Worked with cross-functional teams to achieve goals. Drafted process documentation to standardize operating procedures and techniques.
Assisted in the design and implementation of new processes for improved product quality.
Evaluated First Article samples against product blueprint and customer requirements.
Determined design criteria or specifications.
Reviewed engineering drawings, process specifications, test requirements, inspection plans, and other technical documents for accuracy. Achieved cost-savings by developing functional solutions to problems. Delivered products to customer locations on time.
Coordinated and monitored inbound and outgoing deliveries, keeping abreast of delays and other issues.
Assisted with customer requests and answered questions to improve satisfaction. Worked closely with Accounts Payable department to resolve invoice discrepancies.
Negotiated prices and terms with vendors to secure favorable deals. Developed relationships with vendors to ensure timely delivery of goods. S K I L L S
Quality Assurance
Department Oversight
Inventory Management
Documentation
Employee Scheduling
Loading and Unloading
Workforce Management
Safety Monitoring
Mentoring and Training
Warehouse Auditing
Performance Evaluations
Heavy Lifting
Shipping and Receiving
Inventory and Stocking
Problem-Solving
Root Cause Analysis
Warehouse Operations
Delegating Work
Skilled in Warehouse Management
System or Business Management
System
Data Entry
Project Assistance
Staff Management
Staff Discipline
Processes and Procedures
Six Sigma Methodologies
Payroll Administration
Multitasking and Organization
Microsoft Office
Team Leadership
Staff Training
Materials Handling
Information Logs
High Rack Storage
Goods Packaging
Order Pulling and Preparation
Materials Transportation
Order Fulfillment
Supply Restocking
C O N T A C T
909-***-****
ad5ven@r.postjobfree.com
San Bernardino, CA 92407
Warehouse Operations Supervisor
K&N Engineering, Inc Riverside, CA June 2010 - June 2022 Authorized payments for purchases and filing documents. Received and reviewed department supply requisitions and placed appropriate orders based on need and available funds.
Assessed materials, parts and products for conformance with quality control requirements and production specifications.
Analyzed plans, specifications and blueprints to understand product requirements. Resourced new vendors and suppliers to boost cost-effective solutions. Negotiated with selected suppliers to obtain lowest unit cost. Monitored supplier performance to ensure timely delivery of products in accordance with quality standards.
Maintained accurate records of purchase orders, invoices and shipments. Strengthened operational efficiencies and traceability. Created reports on productivity, labor hours used, and other relevant data points. Monitored inventory, identified stock shortages, and ordered new materials as needed.
Enforced strict safety rules and regulations to all staff members. Operated machines and equipment to complete work assignments or to assist workers.
Conducted performance reviews for team members and provided feedback on areas for improvement.
Provided guidance and support to warehouse staff during peak periods or special projects.
Promoted safe working conditions by monitoring safety procedures and PPE. Performed regular audits of warehouse facilities to ensure safe working conditions are maintained.
Reviewed order fulfillment documents such as packing slips prior to shipment release.
Motivated team to exceed performance targets, accuracy, and safety. Worked successfully with diverse group of coworkers to accomplish goals and address issues related to our products and services. Reduced health and safety risks with strict adherence to safety protocols and PPE requirements.
Inspected finished goods prior to shipment and ensured they met quality standards.
Helped achieve team goals by rotating duties to meet company objectives. Completed data capture forms, equipment logbooks or inventory forms to support testing procedures.
Conducted root cause analysis to identify sources of defects or non-conformance issues in order to prevent reoccurrence.
Trained employees in proper equipment use and product testing procedures. Performed visual and dimensional inspections on manufactured parts. Investigated supplier problems associated with defective materials received from outside vendors in order to determine root causes of failure. Processed requests and supply orders and pulled materials to successfully prepare orders.
Tracked employee attendance records and managed payroll processing for all warehouse personnel.
Supervised a team of 25+ employees including assigning tasks, providing training, evaluating performance, resolving issues and administering corrective action when needed.
Forklift Operator
Equipment Maintenance
Forklift Operation
Attention to Detail
Teamwork and Cooperation
Inspection and Quality Control
Warehousing Operations
Self-Motivated and Independent
Material Handling
Cycle Counting
Error Adjustments
Discrepancy Investigation
Audit Counts
Basic Math
Quality Control
Microsoft Excel
Stacking and Staging
Microsoft Outlook
Organizational
Pallet Jacks
Assembly and Production
E D U C A T I O N A N D
T R A I N I N G
GED
San Bernardino Adult School, San
Bernardino, CA
May 2004
Associate of Arts
Progress
San Bernardino Valley College, San
Bernardino, CA
Shipping and Receiving Material
Transport Quality and Inventory Control
Business Management System (BMS)
Forklift Operator
Contact this candidate