Daniel Franz
678-***-**** ad60pf@r.postjobfree.com Alpharetta GA 30023
Profile
With a seasoned background in product management, my career at UPS has been defined by pioneering customer-facing technologies and bolstering third-party experiences. My leadership in the strategic deployment of the UPS Developer Kit has ensured seamless self-serve access for a diverse client base, embodying the intersection of technology management and customer satisfaction.
At the helm of API portfolio management, our team has excelled in delivering cutting- edge solutions that drive operational efficiencies and enhance user experiences. My focus has consistently been on harmonizing team alignment, problem-solving, and product ownership to deliver robust, market-driven results within the fast-paced logistics sector. Experience
Retirement Career Break
Jan 2021 - Jun 2024 · 3 yrs 6 months Jan 2021 to Jun 2024 · 3 yrs 6 months Atlanta GA
Took some time to do other things. Ready to get back into the working world either consulting or as an employee in Customer Technology Marketing. Took some time to do other things. Ready to get back into the working world either consulting or as an employee in Customer Technology Marketing. UPS
40 YEARS
API PRODUCT MANAGER - UPS DEVELOPER KIT AND UPS API PORTFOLIO MANAGER - MBA FULL-TIME
OCT 2007 - DEC 2020 · 13 YRS 3 MONTHS TOCT 2007 TO DEC 2020 · 13 YRS 3 MOS GREATER ATLANTA AREA · ON-SITE
Responsible for end-to-end customer and third party experience at ups.com for the UPS Developer Kit and the UPS API Portfolio. This includes customer self-serve access to the suite of UPS APIs at ups.com. Includes interfacing with a variety of teams from technical sales, customer communications, development teams, legal and third parties development organizations.
Responsible for customer experience, technologies offered, access, and support. Includes strategy, execution, marketing, communications, sales training, legal, branding, promotion, reporting, and cost management.
Responsible for end-to-end customer and third party experience at ups.com for the UPS Developer Kit and the UPS API Portfolio. This includes customer self-serve access to the suite of UPS APIs at ups.com. Includes interfacing with a variety of teams from technical sales, customer communications, development teams, legal and third parties development organizations. Responsible for customer experience, technologies offered, access, and support. Includes strategy, execution, marketing, communications, sales training, legal, branding, promotion, reporting, and cost management. Skills: Team Alignment · Project Management · Negotiation · Problem Solving · Requirements Analysis · Analytical Skills · Voice of the Customer · Strategic Partnerships · Data Analysis · Management · Business-to-Business (B2B) · Product Ownership · Team Management · E-Commerce · Account Management · Business Analysis Skills: Team Alignment · Project Management · Negotiation · Problem Solving · Requirements Analysis · Analytical Skills
PRODUCT MANAGER - CUSTOMER TECHNOLOGY MARKETING
MAY 2004 - OCT 2007 · 3 YRS 8 MONTHS
Product Management for customer facing technologies including development and implementation of: UPS Developer Kit, UPS API Portfolio, Signature Tracking, Quantum View Data, Autoload, Quantum View Notify.
Product Management for customer facing technologies including development and implementation of: UPS Developer Kit, UPS API Portfolio, Signature Tracking, Quantum View Data, Autoload, Quantum View Notify.
Skills: User Experience (UX) · Problem Solving · Competitive Landscape · Marketing Strategy · Business Case Preparation · Communication · Management · Product Ownership
· Research Skills · Product Management
MANAGER PRODUCT INTERNAL TECHNOLOGY -
APRIL 1990 TO APRIL 2004· 14 YRS 0 MONTHS
Product Management for internal technologies including operations technology deployment, management, and development.
OPERATIONS MANAGER
JAN 1980 TO MARCH 1990 · 10 YRS 0 MONTHS
Variety of increasing responsible positions beginning with hourly warehouse, to driver, to supervisor to manager. Early employment was part time while going to college full-time. Education
Northern Illinois University
BS, Economics, Political Science
1982 - 1985
University of Phoenix
MBA Technology Management
1997 - 2001 [Completed while working full-time at UPS] George Washington University
Masters Certificate Project Management
1997 - 1997
Skills
Product Ownership Team Alignment Marketing Strategy Voice of the Customer Business Case Preparation Program Management Strategic Communications IT Strategy Product Development Product Marketing Product Launch
Product Lifecycle Management Product Design Product Innovation Customer Communication IT Interface Competitive Landscape Teamwork Research Skills User Experience (UX)
E-Commerce Communication Project Management
Strategic Partnerships Team Management Data Analysis Analytical Skills Business Analysis
Requirements Analysis Cross-functional Team Leadership Marketing Product Management Strategy
Transportation Process Improvement Strategic Planning Transportation Management Operations Management Leadership Integration Logistics Supply Chain
Business Strategy Supply Chain Management Marketing Communications
Activities and Societies
Mensa of America
Contact this candidate