Overview
Dynamic and results-oriented Director of Digital Product Management with 12 years of experience in leading cross-functional teams to deliver innovative products, services and processes. Adept at collaborating with wide range of stakeholders from developers, designers, GTM and legal, to drive product vision, strategy, and execution. Passionate about enhancing customer and employee experiences through the development of next- generation AI Foundation models and multimodal GAN frameworks. Career Journey:
Driving a product mindset across geographically diverse product and Digital teams to build consumer grade experiences that increase NPS or deliver value against strategic KPIs. Mentoring and growing teams to execute at high velocity, change in a product mindset with complex product delivery models, whilst identifying any micro- services dependencies required for scalable implementation. Core focus on technical collaboration and alignment across engineering and product teams and legal compliance regarding the following capabilities to drive enterprise scalability for CX and EX: Personalization, Gen AI/AI, Content Management, CRM, User Management, Self-Service, Onboarding, Mobile Applications, In-application experiences, Behavior Analytics and Browse/filter/sort/search
HGV (2023): Identify new value propositions, whilst also protecting customers, with the help of Bain Consulting and their EcoSystem Innovation Scan across our Customer Experience Journey. Focus on predictive forecasting and automation to more accurately anticipate demand and adjust inventory & staffing. And NLP tools that understand customer sentiment and emotion across social media. eBay (2022): Configuration, supervised training and implementation of an IBM Watson based Chat bot utilizing BMC Helix Virtual agent tools for internal HR and IT based queries. Omni-channel engagement (slack, web, SMS). Multi-lingual queries and knowledge articles with option to raise service requests. Including WCAG 2.1 AAA accessibility standard.
Disney Parks, Experiences and Products (2021): Image Conversion, Lambda to S3, for Online Product Approval that governs product development process between Disney (Lucasfilm, Marvel, ESPN) and its Licensees. ACL Laboratories (2016): Data transmitted from Epic and Cerner Millenium EHR systems to SunQuest Pathology systems cannot afford 99.999% accuracy. For 100% accuracy each and every LOINC code needed to be tested and for that automation we partnered with Vendant Health whose AI based tool brought up multiple MS Windows based UI’s in virtualized windows clones in the cloud, for automated data input and ML algorithms to validate results.
Pfizer (UK) (1991): Research initiative at University in London with support of S.D. SCICON (advisor: Geoffrey Hinton) and Pfizer (UK) to create a Mathematical Model of a fermentation process using Artificial Neural Networks, Fuzzy Logic, Kinetic Modeling and other statistical algorithms. I led the ANN effort and it proved to be the most promising method to optimize the fermentation process based on different inputs. This resulted in my professor and University obtaining a sizable grant for further research and further opportunities for me. Certifications: HBS Design Thinking & Innovation, HBS Strategy Execution, HBS Negotiations Mastery, Scrum Master/Project Management, HBS Leadership & Management specialization, plus and assortment from IBM. AMIR
SHEIBANY
ad67aw@r.postjobfree.com
+1-312-***-****
https://linkedin.com/in/amiran/
415 Franklin Ave,
River Forest, IL
60305 USA
APP OWNER / PRODUCT MANAGEMENT
Digital Product Management- AI Innovations
Engagements:
Pfizer (UK)
ACL Labs
Disney World
eBay
Hilton Grand
Vacations
Contact this candidate