Michael D. Needham
www.linkedin.com/in/mdneedham/ ad68ni@r.postjobfree.com 616-***-****
ENGINEERING MANAGER AND PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT LEADER Product Development / Program Management / Process Management / Facilities Management Engineering Manager and Product Development Leader with proven success in the implementation and management of teams focused on satisfying the customer. Meeting customer expectations and effectively directing all phases of the product development life cycle from the initial concept to commercialization of products.
Industry experience includes automotive, furniture, and appliance background in guiding high-level leadership strategies, disciplines, and best practice methodologies critical to managing innovation and rapid growth in manufacturing-based organizations. A skilled communicator who creates team excellence with a rigorous, execution-oriented approach to program management and product engineering methods combined with broad knowledge in building strong customer relationships and envisioning future resource and competitive needs.
Engineering Leadership Customer Communication
Organizational Development Risk Management / Feasibility
Budget & P&L of Department Proposal Development / Timelines
Supplier Development
Coordinating/tracking of projects
Negotiation Skills
Direct Reports / Mech. and Electrical
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Needham Engineering Present
Providing product development, program management, project engineering, quality, facilities, and operations management.
• Yanfeng Automotive, working within the Ford door panel group.
• Adient Automotive: Supplier Quality for seating systems.
• Acemco: Program management metal stampings.
• US EPA, Ann Arbor mi, directing engineering design, build and install of 4 chassis dyno emissions test cells)
• Benteler Automotive: Program management Door beams Previous Experience
Jireh Metals – Grand Rapids, MI 2007-2010
Project Engineering Manager
Leading the department through the APQP process from the quoting stages, design and production launch of various metal stamped products and assemblies. The customer base consists of HMI, Haworth, Ingersoll Rand (Schlage Lock), and ITW Drawform.
Led department product development (design for new product and engineering changes) Tailored department infrastructure for full-scale development (Created APQP checklist, APQP meetings, status reports and action plans). Directed technical staff to support product and quality development, prototype to production transition, and supplier and customer interface. Provided a high level of leadership to interface with all levels of the organization.
Developed and implemented program plans that identify clear goals, tasks, schedules, milestones, and budgets. Utilized product deployment strategies to achieve shorter lead- time development and lower prototype development cost for initial product launches.
PPAP submissions on-time to customer.
Managed Suppliers through product completion.
Ensured Engineering, design, and process for product production meets all standards.
Guide all Quality systems in an ISO/TS environment regarding new products. Michael D. Needham
RAN Tubular – Kentwood, MI 2005 – 2007
Director of Engineering &
Program Management / toolroom and facilities maintenance Responsibilities include, developing the engineering department’s structure plus creating new and existing customer and vendor relationships. Products manufactured are metal stampings and assemblies, wire forms, tubular products for Chrysler, Benteler, Gill Industries and HMI customer base.
For customer's requiring product design and development, we utilized an outside design house, tooling vendors and automation groups. Our internal team would define the customer needs for a portfolio of product platforms. We utilized the customer’s voice and bench marked data with technical feasibility assessments to meet their needs regarding cost, design, and build timing. Worked with R & D in the testing/validation and incorporating new design.
Direct reports, engineers, toolroom, and facilities people.
Provided training, removed roadblocks, and supported weekly meetings. Fuel Systems LLC – Walker, Mi 2003 – 2005
Engineering Manager –
Directing Product engineering and Manufacturing Engineering with facilities management responsibilities.
Due to manufacturing needs selected a technical staff consisting of product engineer, manufacturing engineer, advanced engineer, tooling, and maintenance to support our customers’ requirements. Plant supplied commercial truck fuel tanks to Ford Motor Company.
Presented and proposed design change to Ford’s fuel tanks utilizing design simulation software, prototypes and testing validation saving the company more than 3 million per year over 3 platforms.
Grand Rapids Plastics – Wyoming, Mi 1999 – 2003
Project Engineer –
Responsibilities include, leading team of people consisting of a quality engineer, tooling engineer, process engineer and CAD designer from the initial design through production. The company’s product base consisted of injection molded plastic door handles, mirror shells, window frames, headlamp carrier and furniture and appliance components and assemblies. Customers included Magna Donnelly, GM, and HMI.
SHAPE Corporation – Grand Haven, Mi 1992 – 1998
Program Manager –
Responsibilities include, leading team of people consisting of a quality engineer, tooling engineer, process engineer and CAD designer from the initial design through production. The company’s product base consisted of roll formed and stamped bumper systems, door beams, and furniture products. Customers included Toyota, GM, Honda, Chrysler, HMI, Haworth, Steelcase, and Knoll.
Directed a High-profile Toyota Camry bumper system platform from concept to completion. Based on this program SHAPE was grant several more Toyota platforms. EDUCATION
Grand Valley State University – Allendale, MI B.S. – Engineering
(School of Engineering)
Grand Rapids Junior College – Grand Rapids, MI Associates - Liberal Arts & Sciences
Contact this candidate