Charles Koran
North Las Vegas, NV ***** 312-***-**** ad6akd@r.postjobfree.com

HVAC/R Engineer
Experienced planning, conceptualizing, and creating mechanical designs for new products. Skilled developing, designing, cataloging, applying, and selling mechanical devices and systems, such as Commercial and Industrial refrigeration & HVAC equipment. Adept performing calculations to ensure systems are working efficiently and safely while ensuring project timelines are met and stay within budget.

Areas of Expertise
Application Engineer Product Training New Product Design Sales Troubleshooting Creating Marketing Collateral Writing Operations Manuals

Experience
SGS Refrigeration, Dixon, IL 6/2013 – 4/2023
Senior Application Engineer and Product Manager for Evaporators
Application engineering from initial customer contact to factory handoff.
Conducted product training of representatives and in-house sales team.
New product conceptual design to meet market needs.
Direct sales to un-covered territory and OEM accounts.
In-house historian for Krack nameplated products.
Provided coil nomenclature with circuiting, connection sizes, distributors.
Troubleshoot equipment problems brought forth by customers.

Krack Corporation, Addison, IL 9/1993 – 6/2013
Application Engineer and Product Manager for Evaporators
New product conceptual design through customer and sales feedback.
Created sales brochures and literature.
Promoted to product manager of industrial evaporators when position was created.
Troubleshot equipment problems brought forth by customers.
Wrote or revised installation and operation manuals.
Advanced to senior applications engineer after 4 years.
Verified condensing unit/evaporator system performance.
Served as contact for users and sales looking for existing unit information.
Provided coil nomenclature with circuiting and construction details.
Promoted to dry cooler OEM coordinator with OEM customers.
Represented company at tradeshows with a team or as a solo representative.
Application engineer specializing in Industrial refrigeration evaporators.

Additional Relevant Experience
Rigidbilt Inc, Franklin Park, IL, Product Manager Steam, Water, Refrigeration Coils and Air Units
Promoted to applications/manufacturing engineer after 4 years.
Advanced to senior application engineer after 1 year.
Finalized all incoming equipment orders through customer paperwork.
Created custom equipment proposals and quotes.
Application engineer connecting sales/customer to factory.
Provided coil design BOM and manufacturing drawings.

Charles Koran ad6akd@r.postjobfree.com Page Two

Professional Affiliations and Certifications
Member International Institute of Ammonia Refrigeration, Refrigeration Engineers and Technicians Association
Past Member of American Society of Heating, Refrigeration and Air Conditioning Engineers and American Society of Mechanical Engineers

Education
Bachelor of Science (BS) in Mechanical Engineering
University of Illinois-Chicago, College of Engineering, Chicago, IL
Contact this candidate