Jon Sauer
ad6f6a@r.postjobfree.com ● 206-***-**** ● www.linkedin.com/in/jon-sauer-8b4b55

Product Owner / Technical Analyst
Application Development ● Database & Reporting ● Data Warehouse ● Operations Management

Accomplished Product Owner/Program Manager in Data Strategy and Application Development environment, managing a body of development work in an Agile and traditional delivery methodologies. Drive innovation, definition and design of products that support data and application solutions. Act as the “Voice of the Customer” to ensure program delivery and business side advocacy. Lead teams of 2-10 across multiple organizational entities, and manage a portfolio of 8-15 projects.

Strengths: Strategic and tactical, customer facing, Agile methodologies, product vision, troubleshooting, and root cause analysis, and reading the team’s capabilities.
At my best: Pulling all the pieces together and creating a coherent vision, building the roadmap, and translating requirements to executables.
Fluent in: Listening, multi-directional communication, reading people and understanding project scope.
SME in: Managing a thousand disparate details, and database technologies.
Culture fit: Reasonable structure, clear lines of communication, and emergent Agile development methodology.
Philosophy: Enthusiasm, passion, clarity of goals and a little organization can accomplish wonders!
What drives me: Positive feedback from my team & management. Bring. It. On.
Core Competencies
Agile Product Owner Process Development & Improvement Agile, Scrum, Waterfall
Program &Project Management Business Requirements, Artifacts Database Design
Data Strategy, Supply Chain Product Backlog, Grooming Data Analysis, Dashboard
Voice of the Customer Operations Management Vendor Management Solutions Delivery Systems Analysis Windows & Linux
Team Leadership Budget Accountability

Technology Expertise

SQL, PL/SQL, MySQL, Power BI VB, VB.net, ASP.net Microstrategy
SSRS, SSIS, ETL, Toad Perl, C#.net, Scripting, XML, HTML JIRA, RTC
SQL Server, Oracle, Netezza OLAP, Pervasive Vantage/Epicore Ingress Essbase, Cognos SuccessFactors SharePoint

Professional Experience

Business Technical Analyst – PACCAR Sept 2022 – Current

• Gather, interpret, and analyze business requirements from multiple stakeholders, teams, and departments.
• Lead projects of moderate to high complexity with teams of 10 or more participants, budgets in the $1M range, and project durations of 7,500 hours or more.
• Develop project plans and initiation charters.
• Collaborate with developers and subject matter experts to establish the technical vision and analyze tradeoffs between usability and performance needs.
• Work with the development teams to triage defects and ensure changes are migrated into production correctly.
• Acquire and coordinate resources and services from both external vendors and internal teams.
• Provide on-going production support and development for systems and applications including: Docuware, Infinium/AS400, Global Treasury System, Report2Web, Report Manager, and numerous Accounting systems
• SOX Audit documentation

Technical Product Owner, Consultant, Accenture – Kaiser Permanente Aug 2021 – June 2022

Coordination with the scrum team, prioritizing needs, pr System Administrator for Onyx CRM, and project manager for version upgrade. Managed the budget and a team of 3 consultants providing development stage oversight according to the scope of the project, all in a SAFE environment.
Originating requirements and backlog development for Durable Medical Equipment group sprint iterations within SAFeAgile framework
Guide Durable Medical Equipment program increment planning sessions for feature roadmap
Technical Assessment & Solution Alternative Analysis of the Volunteer Management System in the Care Delivery Technology Service division
Initiate and develop backlog of requirements for stabilization and spread of current Volunteer Management System
Technical owner of systems backlog describing digital Pharmacy transformation features

Product Owner/BA, Consultant, Lululemon Feb 2021 – Aug 2021

Translate feature initiatives into well defined requirements including epics, stories, and acceptance criteria supporting the Guest Identity Hub
Collaborate with Product Managers and stakeholders to inform product vision, strategy, features and prioritization
Requirements development for Kafka publisher and consumer event streams
Work in Agile (SAFE) environment and continuously review business needs, refining priorities, outlines milestones and deliverables
Lead UAT for Profile publishing, Workday Kafka, and Okta Kafka streams and tracing to business stories
Leads product functional design process based on knowledge of users and technology
Marketing Systems Manager, Avalara June 2018 – July 2020

Create and document standardized processes to streamline workflows and create consistency across systems, data layers, and development processes
Technical Project Manager for Partner Portal integration with Salesforce including requirements development and prioritization. Major modules included Commissions, Support Cases, Campaigns, Partner referrals, Partner onboarding. Vendor management of the project including communication, change requests, testing, and issues resolution. Test protocol design and execution.
Salesforce integration data mapping, process workflow design and documentation. Salesforce workbench query development for testing and reporting.
Management of the Marketing Technology stack and roadmap in partnership with IT, Marketing and Operations
Led analysis for the redesign of forms captured attribution for leads, including real time data input feeds, calculations based on various selections in the form, and additional attribution that occurs as the lead moves through Eloqua and Salesforce
Manage vendor relationships to ensure platforms are delivering value, successful issues management, and SLAs on services are met
Develop, document and socialize the Marketing issue intake process in partnership with leadership
Product Owner, Data Strategy, Safeco/Liberty Mutual Aug 2016 – May 2018

Supporting transition to Agile Scrum methodology for Data Strategy team, incorporating existing corporate cycles into Scrum. Providing ongoing support to 3 project teams in the Data Strategy Group.
Distill vision and strategy for cross-functional team, and drive the team to define qualitative objectives, quantitative goals and metrics, and roadmaps.

oCreate, drive and own the product roadmap.
oDefine minimum viable product (MVP)
oLead agile product development process including backlog grooming, sprint planning and backlog prioritization.
oDevelop user story acceptance criteria, write clear and concise product requirements and user stories.
oParticipate in team demos and retrospectives to validate quality, provide feedback to team and improve team processes.
oIdentifying opportunities for improvements in processes, tools and systems.
oIntegrating customer feedback into product requirements.

Work day-to-day with stakeholders and scrum teams clarifying business requirements, removing roadblocks, communicating and gaining alignment around product strategy. Stakeholders include strategic business units Innovation Team, Online Experience, Agent Communications, and Gold Service as well as business unit IT delivery management.

Analyze feasibility, cost ramifications, economies, or other aspects of planned or potential programs. Set the quality standard for delivery.

Communicate the product strategy effectively to key stakeholders and team members. Incorporate stakeholder input into product roadmap. Effectively negotiate tradeoffs of conflicting priorities.
Product Owner, Safeco/Liberty Mutual Nov 2014 – Aug 2016

Product Owner Contextual Help content system - Agent Portal Online Experience.

Managed the directional shift and strategy from portal content management to enterprise content management.
Drove feature analysis and conceptual design for user experience and functionality.
Built enterprise-wide relationships with key partners and stakeholders in Product, State Operations, Distribution, Business Systems, IT organizations, and led meetings for status, budget, progress, and emergent vision.
Managed 3rd party vendor’s project scope, efforts and direction.
Created and managed product backlog of user stories for development and adoption of the Contextual Help product vision.
Developed multiple supporting artifacts including project timelines, charters, swim lanes, SIPOC diagrams and system workflow diagrams.
Led and participated in Agile group for current and future development planning, grooming sessions, issues, obstacles and release planning.
Developed business cases for Safeco adoption of DITA content standards and presented to management.

Senior Business Solutions Analyst (Consultant), Odom Corp. Apr 2014 – Oct 2014

Analyzed business group processes and workflows, gathered requirements and then analyzed SharePoint usage within business groups for major SharePoint upgrade.
Database design, SSIS development for file transfers and insertion into database, and SSRS report development for newly acquired Survey system.

Senior Business Analyst & Developer, (Consultant), Nordstrom Mar 2013 – Apr 2014

Translated client HR systems business requirements with multiple reporting platforms for incorporation into MicroStrategy enterprise platform. Analyzed and designed reports, created project docs.
Assisted in ‘standing up’ a test environment for GL, Employee and SAE interfaces.
Developed SQL test queries for test case analysis. Created logic and business process diagrams (Visio).
Analyzed requirements and developed JIRA User Stories for Essbase Financial cubes and Cognos Planning cubes for Canadian currency acceptance.
Developed Invoice entry into Oracle with VBA/Excel.
Developed file format creation and interface to SuccessFactors with MS Access.

Senior Applications & Reports Developer, (Consultant), Matisia Mar 2012 – Feb 2013

REI: Analyzed Use cases and estimated ETL and reporting development effort for gift card program, gathered requirements for data selection criteria, developed SQL code in Netezza environment.

All Star Directories: Gathered requirements, designed and developed a suite of SSRS reports extracting OLAP data for a data warehouse and relational data in SQL Server and MYSQL environments, developed process to allow users to manage subscriptions for SSRS reporting using an Excel (VBA) solution, developed ETL solution using SSIS to import transactional data into SQL Server, and developed billing and revenue reports from the data.

Senior Program Manager & Analyst, (Consultant), AIM Aerospace Jun 2011 – Mar 2012

Project scoping, work process documentation, solutions analysis, system design, development, implementation and testing of automated system for shipping department. Saved 50 man hours a month. Strategic analysis, requirements gathering, and development of a suite of dashboard .asp reports used by management for priority dispatching, stock status, and cycle counts. Database analysis and programming in Vantage/Epicore ERP systems.

Manager, Application Development, Rainier Investment Management Aug 2007 – Jun 2011

Hands on software development manager for Sales and Marketing, HR and Finance, and in-house database systems. Acquired and managed flexible resources on project-by-project basis.
Performed project management, analysis and development of several interfaces in support of back and middle office projects.
System Administrator for Onyx CRM, and project manager for version upgrade. Managed the budget and a team of 3 consultants.
Led project planning and requirements analysis.
Scoped, designed and developed internal website and its tools.

Early Career

Systems Operation & Supply Chain Manager, Alaska Distributors
Managed of a team of 5 analysts and warehouse managers for legacy and current systems for high-volume 24/7 availability of a beverage distribution warehouse. Managed supply chain from Order-to-Ship.

Inventory Planning Analyst & Software Development Engineer, Amazon
Initiated, planned, and drove automation and reporting projects for Amazon Supply Chain as a Team Lead in the Sales and Operations group. (S&OP). Matrixed leadership of team of 5. SDE ll and team lead in development for the HR & Financial Systems group, using Perl, SQL & Unix.

SQL Server DBA/SQL Programmer – Compuware, Leviton, Western Wireless

Education & Certifications

Bachelor of Arts, Business/Marketing, University of Northern Iowa
Computer Science studies, University of Iowa

Six Sigma Green Belt, Amazon University
Systems Analysis Certification, University of Washington
Contact this candidate