Jose Baylon Ona Jr.
808-***-****
ad6grs@r.postjobfree.com

Objective

Join a dynamic organization where my seasoned instructional and mentoring experience in the field of Adults Learning and Training will inspire, make impact and bring about productive results in the way learners think and attain knowledge. My years of experience cover areas of Product Management, Sales and Account Management, Instruction and Training, Cultural Roleplaying and Christian Ministry.

Work Experience

Administrative/Senior Minister
Word International Ministries – Hawaii
July 2000 – Present

As Administrative and Senior Pastor of this Congregation, I am in charge in the creation and execution of the learning curriculum involving Ministerial Internship Program, Lay Leaders and Members Discipleship Courses and also the Training and Development of Church Workers serving in the various ministries of the Church organization. I am fully involved in teaching and facilitating, team building, conflict resolution, presenting ideas, assessing performance, coaching, counseling, developing and motivating people. Primary involvement is taking care of the spiritual well-being of people.

Cultural Roleplayer
Katmai Government Services
February 2018 – Present

As Cultural Roleplayer, we are especially useful for military personnel interacting with diverse cultures and languages to help or assist them when they are deployed. Native speaking Role-players bring knowledge of local traditions to fully educate military personnel for deployment overseas. As a professional Cultural Roleplayer, we are a key resource that helps military personnel for them to assess out tactical training exercises. Role players provide acting during military training to assist in creating scenarios simulating situations that maybe encountered while on deployment. We maintain acting characters for the whole duration of varying scenarios. We demonstrate reliability and timeliness with ability to be at training locations when necessary as well as having the ability to follow directions given by instructors regarding the given scenario.

Facilitator and Trainer
Living Springs International
January 2011 – March 2017

I teach and facilitate the “Kairos” Missions Course also known as Condensed World Missions Course (CWMC). This is a nine sessions interactive course on World evangelization and mission, intended to teach, inspire and challenge Christian believers to dynamic and meaningful participation. This caters to local churches, other organizations and with special interest groups like the Christian business people.

Faculty and Trainer
Church of God School of Ministry
January 2003 – January 2004

As faculty of School of Ministry, I taught and facilitated in the Certificate in Ministerial Studies (CIMS) Classes which is a curriculum of twenty courses offering appropriate learning credits to prepare Ministers and Lay Leaders for relevant ministry vocations. Instructional expertise is centered on developing, coaching, counseling and training ministers and lay leaders.

Sales and Marketing Executive
Glaxo Wellcome Philippines, Inc.
January 1989 – June 2000

I have managed various key Sales and Marketing Executive positions in a span of eleven years that allowed me to generate product strategies in therapeutic areas such as Anti-infectives, Oncology, Anesthesia, Dermatological, Nutraceutical and Respiratory. It allowed me to create and conduct training and mentoring modules intended for our Field Sales and Marketing Personnel in a classroom and actual fieldwork settings. In these diverse managerial postings, my instructional skills and competence are focused on areas of Salesmanship, Product Knowledge and Proficiency Training, Customer or Client Relations, Transactional Analysis, Direct Reports Coaching, Counseling and Motivation.

Education

University of Phoenix
Master, Adult Education and Training
2008 – 2010

University of the East Manila
Bachelor of Science, Biological Sciences
1972 – 1976

References

Bishop Keith Ivester
Director, Canada Vision 2020
National Bishop Canada
Church of God

Reverend Emerito N. Paulate
Former Regional Director
Word International Ministries USA

Reverend Armando Zacarias
Current Regional Director
Word International Ministries USA
Contact this candidate