ad6hrz@r.postjobfree.com
**** ** **** ***, ***** springs, Florida
754-***-****
KOKILA SARAVANAN
SKILLS & ABILITIES

I am a high performing, energetic and engaged professional with in-depth experience in the financial services industry.
17 years of experience in product management & delivery ranging from strategic initiatives to transformation programs
8 years performing a leadership role in a matrixed environment with various levels of leadership visibility.
Strong analytical and organizational skills
Experience with both Agile and Waterfall project methodologies.
Experience with the following Enterprise methodologies: SDLC, Enterprise Test Methodology, Enterprise Release Management, Enterprise Change Management and Enterprise Project Methodology
Over 6 years of experience providing analytical dashboards and insights using Tableau, SSRS, Power BI
Proficient Technology development knowledge including SQL Server, Microsoft .Net, Teradata, C# Technologies.
Experience in various products in life cycle of retail lending products including credit cards, Home equity, and Auto loans.
Knowledge and experience in Risks Management Framework, Policies & Controls.
Knowledge and understanding of IT Infrastructure and Azure Cloud technologies.
Tools Experience: Clarity, Confluence, Jira, SharePoint, MS Suite, SHRP, Jira Align, Mural, Visio, Tableau, SQL Server Management Studio, Teradata Studio, Visual studio

EXPERIENCE

VP, LEAD DIGITAL PRODUCT MANAGER @ WELLSFARGO
Strategy, Digital and Innovation 12/21 – 01/24
Product manager for Wells Fargo Mobile App
Significantly enhancing the user experience and user engagement rate through conversion of hybrid app to native mobile app, provided biometric authentication, enabled digital document sharing and digital signing for loan products to improve loan closing time by 35%. Launched Fargo – An AI powered virtual assistant exclusively for mobile app customers that enable self-service for customer daily banking queries and reduced traffic to contact center by 30%. Launched Lifesync – online financial planning product that helps the customer to track their life goal and money in one centralized platform. Lifesync provides real time insight based on the market change and the customer’s life events that helps them better with their financial planning. Created customer configurable real time fraud alerts for Credit and Debit Cards, checking and savings accounts which improved online banking NPS score and retaining long sticking customers, Integrated with Zelle for P2P payments, Cloud migration enabling CI/CD and faster time to market of features.

Leading 18 scrum teams for execution and delivery of product roadmap, prioritizing backlog and planning releases.
Responsible for creating and owning the product roadmap, creating and sharing OKR’s, leading the discovery session for new product ideas by utilizing customer data and metrics.
Partnering with Agile Coach to enable the 6S strategy for agile product transformation resulting in reducing the feature cycle time to less than 6 weeks, increasing optimal sprint predictability to 90%.
Fostering Customer centric mindset with usage of voice of customer data & Metrics.
Coordinate continuous change management risk compliance practices of policy adherence by qualitative reporting.
Mitigate RCSA (Risk and Control self-assessment) issues by escalating and prioritizing.
Create GTM Plan and Engage Legal, Compliance, Marketing and Customer support teams for successful product Launch.

VP, SENIOR PRODUCT MANAGER @ WELLSFARGO
Chief Technology Office 05/15 – 11/21
Product Leader for homegrown Enterprise Registry tool & Analytics used by internal customers to enable teams and products with discovery, aligning to Banking platform product architecture (BPPA), executing change management policies, measuring the product operating efficiency.
Led a team of engineers and Analytics consultants to create the centralized SQL DataMart, API’s, Agile Registry and Agile Analytics Dashboards. Strategized integration of agile data tools including Agile Registry, Jira and Align for streamlining speed to market product delivery.
Conduct monthly cabinet meeting with LRCC engagement for reviewing roadmaps and evaluating Risk/Impediments.
Led monthly product planning with other change drivers, stakeholders and Transformation Leaders from business and Technology, LRCC within Wells Fargo to determine strategies and roadmap for Agile Transformation
Establish quarterly OKR’s with objectives to migrate enterprise teams to common Agile Jira platform.
Co-ordinate with Communication department for monthly newsletter on Releases.
Present in Quarterly Technology business Review Committee meeting for the progress in % agile adoption across Enterprise.
Received recognition and Gold Coin for the successful leadership of analytics team.

APPS SYSTEMS ENGINEER @WELLSFARGO
Consumer Lending 07/10– 05/15
Technical Leader & Delivery Manager for an Elite Team responsible for creating the universal sales and underwriting platform for Auto, Credit card, home equity credit applications supporting various channels including retail stores, contact center, central sales, Wells Fargo Advisors, private bankers and external Finet users using .Net, SQL Server and Angular JS.

Led a matrixed environment of technical engineers, quality assurance developers, user experience designers and conversion teams to create and deliver portals for Consumer Lending Sales and Underwriting process.
Enabled Credit card rewards, enabled credit card merchant services facilitating POS integration and payment processing for small business.
Enabled Credit card onboarding and integration with decisioning platform.
Automated routing and workflow for credit decisioning, enabled card Hub for self -servicing like card replacement, travel notice
Received recognition and Gold Coin for the successful delivery of the initiative.
Perform review of EACO issues and unplanned impact associated with application releases to identify continual process improvement opportunities while highlighting required remediation to reduce future risk.
SOFTWARE DEVELOPER @ POINTANDSHIP SOFTWARE
05/06 - 06/10
Design Lead in charge of user study and creating design documents.
Product Design Lead reporting to the CEO
Involved in the study of user requirements and development.
Created detailed design document.
Implemented the Reporting Module, converted session state from Cookies to NCache in the entire application and Shipping Module using ASP.NET and MS SQL
Created the necessary stored procedures.
Unit Tested
Production support and maintenance

EDUCATION

BHARATHIAR UNIVERSITY
Bachelor of Engineering - Electrical & Electronics
CERTIFICATIONS

UC Berkeley - Product Management Studio
IT Project Management
Business Analytics and Digital Media
Digital Transformations
Leadership and Emotional Intelligence
Contact this candidate