*** ****** ******
Hoffman Estates, IL *****
Terry R. Larson
847-***-**** or 608-***-****
Cell: 847-***-**** ad6hv0@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn Website: http://www.linkedin.com/in/terrylarsonprofile
summary
Marketing/Sales Executive – MBA with OEM Sales, Product Line Management, New Product Development, and Industrial Market Research background. A sales/marketing coach with a strong technical acumen, who has worked in the field with salesmen, distributors, engineering companies, and end users to translate field input into actionable marketing and product development plans that assure future business growth. An entrepreneurial Marketeer with the interpersonal skills required to manage an international wolf pack sales team focused on opening new vertical markets for existing products. A manager with Gated Product Development/Launch Process experience who has managed the cross-functional teams that have successfully brought 48 new products to market. Complimentary skills managing the click and brick promotional and training programs that pull products through industrial channels. Seasoned channel management background providing the product training support, key account sales assistance, and incentive pull-through programs that grow channel sales. International Sale/Marketing experience orchestrating new product introductions in Asia, Europe, South Africa, and South America. Experience driving new product and account development programs aimed at growing new vertical segment business in the Commercial Construction, Automotive, Nuclear Power, Wind Power, Solar, Oil & Gas, Sub-Sea Electronics, High Speed Rail, LED Lighting, and Food Industry Automation market segments. Note: Completing the following Certifications: PMP (Certified Project Manager,), Six Sigma Green Belt, ITIL, Microsoft Project Manager & SharePoint

key product/sales experience
SMALL PACKAGE, CONSTRUCTION - WIND, SOLAR, RAIL, TRANSIT, /OIL & GAS MARKETING/SALES EXPERIENCE
Managed Sales Programs for Residential, Commercial Building, and Infrastructure Construction Segments
MRO Marketing Background - Vendor Selection and Product Training Programs - Market Segment Promotional Programs
Small package merchandising and POP background: (tools, fasteners, kitted systems, cable ties, construction chemicals etc.)
Experience overseeing Product Testing/Approvals Programs: (UL, CSA, NEMA, DINN, EU, ASTM, FDA, etc.)
Managed Sales product engineering specifications programs with firms like ( Bechtel, Parsons, Black & Veatch, etc.)
Seasoned experience working with construction product channels: (STAFDA, NEDA, ISA, NIDA, SIDA, SEAL etc.)
Advanced Plastics background: (PEEK, Halar, Tefzel, Metal Detectable nylon, Polypropylene, Glass Reinforced Nylons, etc.)
Strong technical knowledge of various grades of steels and stainless steels – Construction Fasteners background
Managed a $35 million line of metal and glass reinforced construction fasteners sold to large contractors & MRO accounts
Marketing and product development background – construction tools ( hand powered, pneumatic and electric tools)
Business Development & product line management – $ 90 million line of cable ties & mounts sold through electrical channels
International Rail/Transit Business Development experience High Performance Track Anchoring and Track Repair Equipment
Above and Underground Mining Equipment – MHSA Underground Certification - international underground experience

ELECTRICAL - WIRELESS MONITORING AND POWER MANAGEMENT PRODUCT EXPERIENCE
Member of cross-functional Marketing/Engineering/Sales team assigned to identify new wire and cable management product opportunities for the Wind Power, Solar (Photovoltaic and thermal), and Smart Grid Energy Management Markets.
Telematics - Web-Based Remote Wireless Monitoring System –Target : (chemical tanks, wind turbines, remote oil equipment)
Power Measurement Meters with data logging capability -Target: ( Switch Gear, Power Plants, Commercial Buildings)
High Speed Analog and Digital Event Recording Hardware and Microsoft Based Software System - Target: (Power Plants)

AUTOMOTIVE, TRUCK, OFF-ROAD VEHICLE AND COMMERCIAL MARINE PRODUCTS
Automotive and Heavy-Duty Truck Alternators Sold to Engine OEM’s and through Aftermarket Channels
Diesel Fuel Biocides, Cooling Corrosion System Inhibitor, Line of Aerosol Engine Maintenance Products
Automatic Need Release Coolant Filter. Small Chemical Merchandising Background,
Under-the hood high temperature polymers used for Engine wire management applications
Automotive and Diesel Engine Channel experience : (Council of Fleet Specialists, ASIA, Auto Chains, Dealer Networks)

key sales & marketing skills

ADVERTISING AND E-COMMERCE
Media Plans
Outside Marketing Services Interface
Collateral Materials Development
Published Articles, White Papers, etc.
Association Presentations
E-Commerce (SEM, SEO), site content & layout
Tradeshow Planning, Budgeting, Management
Sales and Distributors Support Programs
Small Package Point-of-Sales Merchandising

CHANNEL MANAGEMENT
Distributor Product Training
Distributor COOP advertising and incentive programs
Distributor Councils – setup and management

SALES
Business Development – Management Key Accounts
OEM, MRO, & System Integrator Sales
Submittal Packages for RFQ’s (Infrastructure Projects)
Private Label Programs, Toll Manufacturing Programs
Product Training, engineering specification sales calls

MARKETING
Market Planning and Product Line Management
New Product Development
CRM system design and layout

TECHNICAL PRODUCTS MARKET RESEARCH
New Product Development Research
Competitive Research
Industry and Product Trends Research

experience

(CGIST) Chicago, IL (WWW://CGIST.ORG.CN) 2009-Present
Business Development Director
CGIST formed and manages the Rural China Water Global Coalition, an international organized, in collaboration with the World Bank, to build a platform that unites leading global corporations and government agencies to foster collective action to bring a sustainable safe drinking water solutions program to rural China.
Member of the Board of Directors for CGIST focused on the expansion of CGIST corporate partners who have water treatment/water filtration technology and want to get involved in a water treatment pilot project in Western China. My experience in water treatment chemicals, industrial filtration, and polyethylene piping systems, coupled with my international marketing background in Asia, compliments team Board member efforts to develop a sustainable drinking water pilot project, that once implemented, tracked, and adjustments made, will be expanded out to other rural areas in this Province.

PANDUIT CORPORATION, Tinley Park, IL 2006-2009
Business Development Manager
Managed $90 Million line of wire and cabling management products sold to the electronics and IT market segments. Focused the world-wide sales team on growth segments: food processing, wind power, solar power, nuclear power, security systems, festival lighting market, sub-sea wiring and cable market, and high temperature down-hole oil and gas instrumentation market segments.

Teamed with international sales regions to expand wind power cable tie business. Sales in the wind power market increased, 65% ($1.4 million in 2007 to $ 2.3 million in 2008) by focusing on wind turbine OEMs as well as turbine installation contractors.
Completed product research and business case for a railway messenger cable tie for transit-rail power and fiber optic cable management applications - $4 million annual market potential.
Finished product research and innovation gate for sub-sea glass reinforced cable tie product line for sub-sea oil and gas cabling, splash zone and signage applications, and off-shore Wind Power grid cable fastening - $ 18 million annual market potential.
Interfaced with field/district salesmen and regional vice presidents on new potential account business, competitive pricing issues and technical application support in the Wind Turbine, Solar, High Temperature Diesel Engine, and Transit Car Markets.
Made join field sales calls on key accounts like Vestas (Wind Power), Suzlon (Wind Power), ALSTOM (Nuclear Plant Construction) Kendenko (Japanese Commercial Building Contractor) etc... Provided product training and field installation product support while conducting new product development research.
Served in cross-divisional teams to develop a company-wide product line offering and product development plans for the wind power, solar power, and nuclear power market segments.
Completed four product launches, including PEEK high temperature polymer cable tie line, DuraTy line extension, nylon metal detectable cable tie line, as well as polypropylene and nylon metal detectable cable tie and mount line extension.
Completed project plans to test and private label a low cost line of Chinese cable tie installation tools.
Headed team to work on conductive cable tie and mount solution for ESD (electrostatic discharge) products for the IT market.
Completed training modules for loose piece cable ties and hand operated and automatic installation tools.
Provided product training for sales and distributors on cable ties/installation tools.
Worked closely with vertical marketing and regional managers to assure smooth and successful product launches.

FLEXCO, Downers Grove, IL 2004-2006
Marketing/Business Development Manager
Spearheaded product development programs and product modifications/improvements for a line of conveyor belt fasteners as well as installation tools used for conveyor belt installation. Products were used in the underground and above-ground mining, cement, package handling, agricultural products, as well as food and pharmaceutical conveyor belt market segments.

Managed major product development program to design and market new line of pneumatic belt fastening tools.
Performed field research in underground coal, platinum, and diamond mines as well as belt fabrication shops in U.S., Canada, Australia, Africa, and Mexico.
Interfaced with mine superintendents, and underground mining engineering staff regarding new product development programs targeted towards finalizing designs for a new belt cleaner and belt tracking device.
Developed all literature, promotional plans, training manuals, and sales training programs for use/maintenance of new line of pneumatic belt fastening tools targeted to belt shops and world mining market segments.
Served in making joint sales calls on large mining customers such as North American Coal, Sasol Coal, Morton Salt, African Rainbow Minerals, and Kimberly Mines.
Interfaced with Dunlap Belt to provide training modules that linked into Dunlap’s world Conveyor Belt Training Program.

SIMPSON ELECTRIC, Elgin, IL 2000-2003
Marketing/Business Development Manager
Managed the marketing department - two product managers and one technical writer. Held P&L responsibility for line of web-based wireless equipment monitoring systems, power measurement meters, digital/analog panel meters, and-held electrical test equipment.

Managed the Launch of Teledata®, a web-based wireless remote monitoring system that packeted and transmitted sensor data using Celemetry and Aris for cell transmission of data, and Orbcomm for LEOS satellite transmission. DATA2-U.com received the data packets and the information was scaled and presented graphically and alarms systems set up per customer specifications.
Teledata® monitoring system was designed to provide VMI management programs for chemical tanks, remote monitoring of oil and gas field equipment, and remote monitoring of CO2 Tank dispensers.
Worked closely with Pacific Gas & Electric's telematics monitoring group in Oakland, California on gas pipe web-based wireless corrosion monitoring system. Completed $2.2 million RFQ for PG&E pilot system.
Identified and called on new wireless monitoring applications in corrosion monitoring, engine monitoring, bridge monitoring, gas field production equipment monitoring, water buoy, and power plant monitoring application segments.
Launched GIMA®, a line of Power Measurement meters with Profibus, communications and data logging capability. Product line was targeted to: ( Switch Gear Manufacturers, Power Plants (monitoring distributor pillars, sub-metering, Measure line voltage loss on various applications), Co-Gen Plants, Textile plants, Foundries, Pulp and Paper plants, Wind Turbines, Fuel Cells, Gen Set Monitoring, Monitoring Motor Control Systems, Battery Monitoring Systems, Energy Usage Monitoring – Hotels – ties into DCS systems.
Managed quotation, contract development, and final close with major private label customer (3-M Austin Texas Div). Secured five-year, $2,250,000 contract to build hand-held resistivity meter with data logging capability and software package
Wrote copy for wireless promotional literature, web users manual, as well as sales training and installation manuals.
Developed implementation plans for installation of Pivotal CRM software, including database layout. Defined automated processes and trigger points. Created custom management reports using Crystal Report Writer.

PTC FASTENING INC., Nashua, NH 1995-2000
Vice President of Marketing and Sales
Managed all marketing activities, including literature development, engineering manual, press releases, and tradeshow activity. Held responsibility for engineering and key account sales calls, RFQ submittals on major projects, and customer product training for all large transit/rail accounts west of Mississippi River.

Opened new business in Asia. Provided technical support and installation assistance on the Kowloon Rail Transit Project, Singapore Transit Marina Line Extension, Taiwan Transit/Matra Transit track upgrade, and Taiwan high-speed rail projects.
Provided product training on track mounted rail repair machinery.
Engineering Product Specification sales experience with Rail and Transit Design Firms like Parsons Brinkerhoff, DMJ, Bombardier, SNC Lavalin, Alstom and other Design/Build engineering firms.
Obtained product approvals and wrote bid proposals to open up new business with major design/build engineering firms and large transit systems. Led large infrastructure projects with over $2,000,000 in sales content.
Targeted key telecom accounts such as Level-3, Williams Communications, Southwestern Bell, Bell Canada and Pacific Bell. Interfaced with Telecordia testing laboratory regarding industry product approvals for Communication panel box mountings in seismic zones.
Developed 3 year rolling long-range business plan, annual budgets, and promotional plans.

additional experience

Senior Partner PATHFINDER INTERNATIONAL, Hoffman Estates, IL 1991-1995
Marketing Manager ITW RAMSET, REDHEAD DIVISION, Wood Dale, IL 1989-1991
education

M.B.A./Marketing UNIVERSITY OF WISCONSIN, Whitewater, WI
B.S./Business Administration & Finance UNIVERSITY OF WISCONSIN, LaCrosse, WI

computer skills

Microsoft Project Manager, Microsoft SharePoint, MapInfo, PowerPoint, Excel, Word, Outlook,
Crystal Report Writer, Front Range GoldMine CRM Forecast-Pro, PageMaker, Outlook

technical skills
Plastics, Electronics, Construction Fasteners, Construction Tools, Web Based Remote Monitoring, Adhesives, CRM Development,
Business Case Development, Annual Strategic Marketing Plans, Project management, New Product and Vertical Market Development
Contact this candidate