Blake Leszczynski New York City, NY
347-***-****
ad6jrf@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY
I am a passionate and dynamic product professional with almost a decade of experience in bringing fintech and proptech products to market. I create great processes, transparent communication channels, and user feedback loops to ensure quality and collaborative outcomes.
EXPERIENCE
TF Cornerstone New York City — Product Manager
March 2023 - April 2024
As the product manager for the internal multi-family property management tool, I created and documented all product and design processes. Additionally, I spearheaded the project to white-label the software to license it to other property management companies.
NextPlay Ft. Lauderdale — VP of Product (Fintech) February 2021 - March 2023
As the design and product lead, I was involved in the entire life cycle of various initiatives including mobile banking apps, peer-to-peer lending platforms, cryptocurrency wallets, ICO marketplaces, and micro-insurance offerings. Janiis Salt Lake City — President & Co-Founder
October 2016 - March 2023
Built an enterprise-level property management software company that caters to small and medium-sized short-term rental managers. As the founder, I was actively involved in taking the product from zero to one. Beyond that, I played a key role in various aspects including sales, marketing, fundraising, client relations, and even brewing the coffee.
LeisureLink Salt Lake City — Product Owner
June 2015 - September 2016
As a product owner, I managed two Agile/Scrum teams to create a streamlined version of our legacy product.
RELEVANT SKILLS
Technical fluency
Product strategy
User story writing and
backlog management
Process and project
management
Market and user research
User experience best
practices
Critical thinking
Leadership
Initiative
Adaptability
TOOL PROFICIENCIES
Project management tools
(Jira, Azure DevOps, Trello)
Documentation tools
(Confluence, Word, Google
Docs)
Design tools (Figma,
Balsamiq, Adobe XD)
Data analytics tools (SQL,
Excel, Postman, DataDog,
Power BI)
Contact this candidate