Bryan Winkelman

Phone 585-***-**** Email ad6jtb@r.postjobfree.com Address Webster, NY 14580

Accomplished hands-on Senior Technical Project Manager with proven expertise in launching innovative and established products, notably the “Stacks” project at Mersen which generates significant revenue. Adept in Lean process improvement, agile methodology and project management, blending technical leadership with strategic problem-solving to deliver exceptional results. Excells in cross-functional team leadership, ensuring seamless transition from design to manufacturing.

CORE COMPETENCIES
New product design and implementation. • Business planning and manufacturing start up.
Lean implementation & process improvement. • SaaS
Technical & strategic leadership • Quick study
Product roadmap development. • Entrepreneurial spirit
Design for manufacturing expert. • Statement of work
Problem solving. • Jira & Smartsheet
Customer focus and connection • Conflict resolution

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Mersen
Senior Technical Project Manager
8/2023 – 3/2024
Converted a garage bay in collaboration with internal and external resources which resulted in a state-of-the-art pilot plant.
Conducted training classes to enable cross functional expertise during low resource situations.
Launched the first of its kind product for Mersen called “Stacks” (>$20 million in revenue).
End-to-end ownership of a “Smart Transformer/Stacks” for multiple industries (Residential, Commercial, Transportation and DoD).
Created the project repository via MS Teams to enable documentation access in all time zones, which increased efficiency.
Implemented a highly visible Kanban board to provide an up-to-date status of the project.

LSI Solutions
Senior Product Manager
3/2023 – 6/2023
Managed a cross-functional team in the optimization of multiple legacy product drawings, which yielded a 45% reduction in waste and an increase of 30% in productivity.
Streamlined the testing procedure for a critical medical device which resulted in a 20% reduction in ship-ready lead time.
Launched ~$6 million in medical products.
Held daily project team stand-ups to communicate project deliverables, identify blockers and accomplishments, which reduced project stagnation and fostered increased moral.
Mentored Junior Product Managers and provided weekly progress feedback.
Reported weekly progress to management via direct communication and by email, creating increased team focus and concentration on project deliverables.

Carestream Health
Senior Project Manager
11/2021 – 1/2023
Collaborated and directed company Scientists from information provided by upper management, which allowed for project advancement and reduction in downtime.
Streamlined management of product to manufacturing procedures, enabling a 60% reduction in time for various products spent in the release process.
Worked with the Service Team to write and review service manuals and develop service strategies, resulted in reduction of errors by 15% in both documentation and training.
Fostered International projects for multiple European countries that developed new marketplaces and global exposure.

Ultralife Batteries
Project Manager
06/2021-07/2021
Directed a cross-functional team on the end-to-end development of new Department of Defense products.
Collaborated with the DoD and upper management to establish SOWs, project schedules, budgets, quality plans, and phase gate design review criteria to reduce project ambiguity and scope creep.
Constructed a dedicated war room to harbor all pertinent project information allowing for an efficient way to “pick up where we left off” and provide project team members an area for focused project advancement.

Xerox Corporation
Senior Project Manager
Oct 2015 – June 2021
Managed a partnership with a software supplier from the Netherlands to produce a successful color management SaaS product.
Headed a team of ~15 Engineers to deliver an automated solution for color management on Xerox's production printers, which increased customer satisfaction by 8% in the high-volume color markets.
Enabled $250,000 of revenue each year without a budget.
Involved with on-site customer problem resolution, ensured “customer satisfaction is #1”, and averted product removal from two major customers.

Xerox Corporation
Product Manager
Jan 2015 – Oct 2015
Assembled VoC, from both internal and external customers and compiled a list of project objectives, which resulted in a substantial reduction in scope creep.
Responsible for creation and delivery of requirements that eight Software Engineers utilized to generate code for Xerox’s first paperless and cross-platform PDF editor.
Participated in daily Scrum meetings to review progress and drive product launch.

Elo Touch Solutions
Product Manager
Nov 2009 – Dec 2014
Functioned as a key liaison in developing client relationships that resulted in a mutually beneficial project progression.
Collected customer requirements for custom products and presented SOW to stakeholders that allowed approval to the next steps.
Streamlined the development process with industry experts to brainstorm viable solutions, reducing time down from one year to eight months.
Generated $4 million from the group of products managed.
Delivered one-of-a-kind custom touch solution products to industry leaders (TouchTunes, Philips, Amazon, Kohls).

EDUCATION
MS MPD, Managerial Product Development - Rochester Institute of Technology, Rochester, NY
MS MDPS, Product Development – Minor Technical MBA - Rochester Institute of Technology, Rochester, NY
BS, Electrical Engineering Technology – Minor in Analog Comm - Rochester Institute of Technology, Rochester, NY
AAS, Electrical Engineering Technology - Monroe Community College, Rochester, New York
AAS, Industrial Engineering Technology - Monroe Community College, Rochester, New York

CERTIFICATIONS
Project Management Professional (PMP) – Expected October 2024
Design for Six Sigma Green Belt
Robust Design – 1 of 98 given the title of “Subject Matter Expert” by Shin Taguchi

ACTIVITIES AND ACHIEVEMENTS
Obtained four media handling patents.
Martial Arts student and instructor – 7th Degree Black Belt in Isshin Ryu Karate.
Restore and build classic cars – Engine rebuild, body rework, customization, and redesign.
High-end house repair and rebuilds – Custom cabinets, electrical, plumbing and HVAC.
A general passion for taking things apart, seeing how they operate and putting them back together.
Contact this candidate