Andrew Dunckel
707-***-**** ad6l5u@r.postjobfree.com
Executive Summary
I specialize in Business Systems & Information Technology from different industries. With strengths of design, development, and implementation for both software and business processes, my greatest professional achievements have come with the understanding how to implement efficiency and scale among software development teams.
Experience
Workday Inc, Pleasanton, CA (Software Technology) (2/22-present) Product Manager
Fin Tech Product Management:
PM for Financial Close functional area, responsible for servicing a portion of the fortune 500 companies. Helped close out functional work for Alternate Ledger Currency feature. Categorized inbound product feedback, worked with customers to derive functional requirements. Prioritized work with 2-3 scrum teams to help product development workflow with engaging activities in retro and sprint planning sessions. Worked in different product workflows including Allocations, Revaluations, Reporting, and Year End close. Tesla Inc, Fremont, CA (Automotive and Energy) (9/20-1/22) Product Manager
Internal Tools Product Management:
PM for an Internal Productivity tool responsible for servicing ~20k users. Managed the migration of a content management tool. Categorized inbound product feedback and produced a yearly roadmap. Worked with the Engineering team to prioritize product migrations and scope out future changes. Workday Inc, Pleasanton, CA (Software Technology) (10/17-9/20) Sr. BI Analyst
Systems Development:
Produced Diversity Dashboard for Chief Diversity Officer using PRISM (ETL Tool). Launched an employee improvement project for 2.5k account executives at Workday creating a BI interface and supporting people managers in their developmental discussions with their account executive team. Helped People and Purpose department redeploy a dashboard with relevant workforce metrics. Developed an asset dashboard to track purchases and inventory for the IT Management Team. Athens Administrators, Concord Ca (TPA Claims) (11/16– 10/17) Database Developer
Technical Accomplishments:
Reconciled Transaction payment data with a large insurance company using SQL Scripting. Managed data exports and insured accuracy of data using SQL Scripting. Maintained security roles and structure for users in the main operational system. Technical Environment tools: SSRS, SSMS, VBA, SQL, MS Access, MS Excel, DB ADMIN, PHP, HTML
George Hills Company, Rancho Cordova Ca (TPA Claims Industry) (10/15– 11/16) Business Systems Manager
Leadership Experience:
Presented progress and figures to the Management Team, CEO and Vice President. Created process flow improvements for my team to increase productivity. Lead the company through yearly IT planning and new system process implementation. Went through a performance review cycle with the team and provided actionable feedback.
Dot & Bo, San Francisco CA (Ecommerce Furniture)
Financial Analyst (10/14– 10/15)
Startup Experience:
Mapped the macro view of systems architecture and functionality for the business. Built a data process for the payment life cycle to reconcile inventory and accounting systems that allowed the business to be ready to scale. Cleaned up data issues with SQL Scripting to ensure proper reporting. Hewlett & Packard Labs, Palo Alto CA (Software Development) Contactor for Synova Inc. QA Engineer (7/13– 8/14) Gonzales Enterprises (Fifth Sun), Chico CA (Ecommerce Clothing) (5/12– 6/13) MIS Analyst
Education & Certifications
Bachelor of Science, Business Administration & Accounting Minor: Information Systems and Project Management
California State University, Chico 2013
Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012 Installation and Configuration Certificate ( Sept. 15, 2015) Not Maintained Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012 Developer Boot Camp Certificate (Oct 28, 2016) Not Maintained Workday HCM Services Core Certificate (January 13th 2018) Not Maintained Workday Professional Services: Report Writer Certificate (January 13th 2018) Not Maintained Workday Professional Services: Prism ( 3/28/2019) Not Maintained Leadership - ● Team Building ● Mentoring ● Managing Projects and Teams ● Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) ● Applied Strategic Decision Making ● Speech Communication ● Process Flow Analysis ● Interviewer proficiency ● Executive team presentations Technical - Jira ● ERP Systems (Workday, Microsoft Dynamics A X 2012, SAP, Mas90, Great Plains) ● Data Governance ● JSON ● Microsoft .Net Framework ● Object-oriented programming ● Visual Basic programming ● Database AdminSQL Server Management ● Workday Software - Workday Advanced Report Writer, iLoad, EIB loads, Dashboards, PRISM
Financial - Financial Forecasting● Advanced Cost Management Systems ● General and International Accounting ● Tax Accounting ● Quickbooks ● MS Dynamics ● Accrual Accounting
Contact this candidate