JOHN VOGEL
MARKETING DIRECTOR CREATIVE INNOVATOR GROWTH MAXIMIZATION EXPERT
262-***-**** ad6ng1@r.postjobfree.com Linkedin.com/in/John-Vogel-MKE Houston, TX Proven track record in overseeing all aspects of marketing including product marketing, demand generation, brand management, and market analysis. I am an expert in seizing potential market opportunities, developing actionable plans, and using data insights to optimize marketing performance. My industry knowledge has routinely played an Instrumental role in deploying multi-media to boost brand visibility, engagement, and conversion as well as innovating top-notch marketing solutions for dynamic corporate events.
● Planned, designed, and implemented effective mass media campaigns, some resulting in excess of $11M company profit.
● Oversaw the execution of nationally recognized training programs.
● Maximized client’s qualified marketing leads by 300% with no-cost campaign, improving customer awareness by 20 times.
● Performed executive level functions and responsibilities, overseeing key marketing decisions and strategy for the company.
● 10+ years of experience working as a manager and supervisor in the marketing industry. RESEARCH AMPLIFICATION MANAGER (project based) 2024 - Current Underwriters Laboratories LLC Houston, TX
Currently performing on a full time W2 contract basis. I lead the marketing team and drive brand growth and visibility of Underwriters Laboratories non-profit wing, Electrochemical Safety Research Institute.
● Plan, develop, and execute strategic marketing initiatives, while collaborating with cross-functional teams.
● Develop and implement comprehensive marketing strategies to enhance brand awareness, positioning and engagement.
● Analyze trends and consumer behaviors to identify opportunities for differentiation and messaging reach.
● Research new exciting and innovative promotional initiatives as well as synergistic partnerships.
● Work closely with the content team to create engaging and relevant multi-media content. MARKETING MANAGER 2020 - 2023
Accelerate Learning Houston, TX
Oversaw the execution of national products, events, and account based marketing for various projects in the EdTech sphere. Accelerate Learning is a nationally recognized and award winning STEM education leader developing various math and science related educational programs for K-12 as well as secondary education.
● Oversaw various teams, leading as many as 8 people at a time through marketing campaigns from conception to execution.
● Supervised large scale national budget expense accounts effectively while I developed product branding for clients and consumers in coordination with third-party vendors.
● Lead overall process of new business developments, press releases, industry award entries, and case studies to foster strong ties with public relations.
● Monitored all marketing initiatives from scratch for multiple subsidiary companies and initiated multiple growth projects for product acquisitions across national territories.
● Deployed effective multi-channel marketing advertisements, such as display samples, lead capture, sales enablement, and social media, resulting in product adoption in new territory and generating potential company profits of up to $100M. HEAD OF MARKETING CAMPAIGN AND CONTENT DEVELOPMENT 2019 - 2020 eatNgage Houston, TX
Executed and delivered full scale marketing and digital advertising for the company as a whole. eatNgage is a scrappy tech start up in the SaaS B2B sphere, delivering one of a kind end user services to their clients.
● Administered online ad buys and advertising activities using LinkedIn and Google AdWords.
● Liaised and worked closely with designers, product marketing, sales, external influencers, and other industry experts to augment leads, subscribers, and awareness.
● Implemented diverse B2B-focused marketing campaigns and projects to improve customer experience.
● Created and launched effective email marketing advertisements to provide conversion-based landing pages. JOHN VOGEL
MARKETING DIRECTOR CREATIVE INNOVATOR GROWTH MAXIMIZATION EXPERT
262-***-**** ad6ng1@r.postjobfree.com Linkedin.com/in/John-Vogel-MKE Houston, TX MARKETING MANAGER 2019 -2020
AMCi Wireless Houston, TX
Directed the unconditional marketing operations for this national company. AMCi Wireless is a manufacturing company creating specialized machine tech for the oil and gas, water flow, and energy industries.
● Coded and launched a new company website, leading to a rise in web-based sales inquiries.
● Created highly technical sales enablement materials that saw use both domestically and internationally.
● Devised and applied effective new company brand development strategy to increase brand recognition and reputation.
● Led end-to-end brand design for various marketing materials. DIGITAL COPYWRITER AND MARKETING COORDINATOR 2015 - 2018 PBS Milwaukee, WI
Coordinated the digital efforts, community engagement, and customer support of a localized PBS affiliate that was nationally recognized as a leader in both original production and successful local market relations.
● Analyzed web traffic and produced analytical reports to share relevant information with supervisors.
● Headed four direct reports in the customer service department to assure smooth running of functions.
● Composed and arranged copy of program listing for national and local television shows production houses. PROMOTIONAL MANAGER 2011 - 2015
Milwaukee Radio Alliance LLC Menomonee Falls, WI Initiated targeted media relations campaigns to secure positive coverage and manage public perception for local radio station conglomerates. We were locally renowned in the alternative music scene and hosted various events throughout the calendar year.
● Served as public relations ambassador, organized booth operations for multiple different events to gather 750K+ people.
● Arranged and managed exclusive meet and greet sessions for renowned recording artists at different venues. University of Wisconsin Bachelor of Arts Journalism Advertising & Media Studies 2012 Falck Petroleum Engineering Certification 2019 Hubspot Academy Marketing Certified 2020
Hubspot Academy Inbound Certified 2020
Adobe Analytics Adobe Experience Platform (AEP) Adobe Illustrator Adobe InDesign Adobe Journey Optimizer (AJO) Adobe Photoshop Adobe Premiere Amazon Web Services (AWS) Brandfolder Braze Canva Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) Chat GPT
Content Management Systems Customer Relationship Management (CRM) Digital Media Microsoft Office Suite Google AdWords Google Analytics Hubspot Hypertext Markup Language (HTML) Inbound Marketing Strategies LinkedIn Campaign Manager Mailchimp Marketing Automation NetSuite Online Campaigns Oracle Public Relations Salesforce Search Engine Optimization (SEO) Seismic Social Media Software as a Service (SaaS) User Experience (UX) Advertising Advertising Sales Business Development Business Strategy Competitive Analysis Copywriting Digital Marketing
Digital Media Digital Strategy Email Marketing Go-to-Market Strategy Inbound Marketing Leadership Management Market Research Marketing Marketing Strategy Media Production Media Relations New Media Online Advertising Presentations Press Release Product Marketing Project Coordination Project Management Public Relations Public Speaking
Sales Enablement Social Media Marketing Video Editing Web Design
Contact this candidate