Glori Gold
(***) ***-****cell / Email: ad6oka@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
Licensed Realtor with Keller Williams World Class.
Over 18 years of Sales and Marketing in very advanced and competitive sales environments.
Motivated performer with sales, problem solving and leadership skills. Strong interpersonal relationship skills to execute and deliver on goals with strong attention to detail and efficiency.
Experienced in managing small and large accounts for new and existing clients/prospects.
Management and multitasking on numerous types of projects related to overall company goals.
Ability to effectively communicate (both verbally and in writing) with senior officers, internal employees, prospects and clients.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Office Manager, Freigher Insurance Services, Chatsworth, CA 2017 - 2020
Managed busy Insurance brokerage consisting of 10 employees. Handled all office responsibilities, including all administrative duties, bookkeeping & scheduling of the calendar. Keller Williams World Class, CA 2017 - Current
Realtor, DRE #01992689
National Sales Manager, United Sanitary Supply – Camarillo, CA 2012 - 2015
Head of a medical waste disposal facility. Involved in product development & compliance issues.
Services healthcare & veterinary industries. Managed daily work flow, projects and overall sales for the division. Involved in all product development, compliance and regulation requirements. National Sales Mgr., Pharmaceutical Mgmt. Group – Agoura Hills, CA 2009 - 2012
Highest sales volume, consistently exceeded sales quotas in selling office dispensing programs to physicians.
Managed all sales representatives, retained new & existing accounts.
Consulted with physicians, held compliance and regulation requirements. EDUCATION
University of Phoenix, Bachelor of Science Business & Marketing Pierce College, Associate Degree, Speech Communication COMPUTER SKILLS
Proficient with Microsoft Office, Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, various CRM’s, Quicken, QuickBooks and Adobe Photoshop.
Contact this candidate