Mohd Pash
Mobile: 770-***-****
ad6p4i@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Summary:
over 7+ years of diversified experience in Software Quality Assurance, Analysis, Design, automated and Load/Performance testing of client/server and web based applications
7+ years of experience in functional and non-functional testing of software applications
Functional testing of application by intensive execution of test cases performing validation if we have built the right product/application
Automation Testing using Selenium Web Driver. Java and C# as programming languages. UFT, QuickTest Professional, SOAP UI, Ready API and OATS enterprise tools
Involved in design and implementation of Selenium WebDriver Automation Framework for Smoke test and Regression test using TestNG and Nunit
Hands on experience on SOAP service and RESTFul services testing tools like SOAP UI, Ready Api and Postman
Experience in creating Test Plans, Test Scripts and Test Scenarios using high level and detailed design.
Excellent knowledge of one or more test automation tools, with a preference for Cucumber, Selenium, Junit, FitNesse.
Experience in using Microsoft Office for preparing test execution reports and presenting status reports to technical manager and Product manager
Experience in test report analysis. Focusing on root cause analysis of problems and hence providing risk mitigation approaches
Good experience in Integration testing and User Acceptance Testing(UAT) verifying if the product we are building is correct
Experience with Cross-Browser (Internet Explorer, Firefox, Google Chrome, etc.) and Compatibility Testing to test whether the web applications are working as desired in different browsers and environments.
Worked on different operating system like Windows, Mac, Solaris and Linux. Mobile operating systems - IOS and Andriod
Good Knowledge on Student Aid Commsion, Firearms-Ammunition, DROS, Health Care EDI, Retail, Banking and Insurance domain
Experience in AWS Cloud Services - EC2, EBS, VPC, CLI, S3, Route 53, Cloud Trail
Extensive database experience using relational databases like MySQL, Oracle, DB2
Experience in implementing sofware development methodologies like Agile/Scrum and Waterfall models
Managed QA environments and setting up in Windows, Linux and Solaris
Working with Application servers like JBOSS EAP, TOMCAT
Tested the application with different cloud environments like AWS (Amazon Web Service), GCP (Google Cloud Platform)
Hands on experience in using Defect Tracking tools like JIRA, HP ALM, Version One, QTest, Azure Dev Ops, TFS and Bug DB
Experienced in Mobile App Testing in Android and iOS Platform using Appium
Utilized Jenkins, Git, and Eclipse for deployment on test servers and to move towards CI/CD
Experience in creating Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM), and QA metrics like, Test execution status, Defect report and Daily/Weekly Status Reports, Test coverage and and overall system testing
Having Extensive experience in American Disabilities Act (ADA) testing using Adobe Accessibility Checker and Wave Tool
A Self-starter with a clear understanding of the business needs and having radical and tactical problem solving approaches to meet tight deadlines
Technical Skills Summary:

Testing Tools
Selenium WebDriver, UFT,Quick Test Professional 8.2/9.2k /9.5, FitNesse for Appian
Database
Oracle, DB2, SQL Server and MS Access
Languages
JAVA, VB script, SQL, HTML, XML, Groovy Scripting,Ruby,Cucumber
Test Management
HP ALM, JIRA, Version One, QTest
Operating System
Windows XP/2000/2003/NT/98, IOS, Andriod UNIX and MS-DOS
Others
SOAP UI, PostMan, Restful, MS Office, Citrix, JBOSSEAP, TOMCAT, Oxygen XML, Aqua Data Studio, Bug DB, Putty, IBM CDC Tool, Git, Oracle Golden Gate, Jenkins, Maven, Wave, Adobe Accessibility Checker,JMeter
Standards/Models
ISO 9003, IEEE, CMMI model
Mainframes
First Data, FIS, TouchPointTeller.
Mobile Testing
Andirod, IOS, Windows

Client : Comcast, Raleigh, TX Nov ’21 to Till Date
Role : Sr. QA Test Engineer
Responsibilities:
Analyze and review the Business requirements, System Analysis artifacts understand system functionality, User Stories, Best approach and Test Complex Systems.
Functional testing of application by intensive execution of test cases performing validation if we have built the right product/application.
Performed Regression test using automated testing tool FitNesse and Selinium.
Involved in preparation of Test Plans with best approaches for different modules and documented test cases and test scripts for various screens of the application.
Create Test reports for both manual and automated tests using Microsoft Office for presenting status reports to technical manager and Product manager
Generated Bidirectional traceability matrix to track requirements and associated test cases and defects raised during test case execution
Created automation scripts using tools such as Selenium with java a FitNesse for Appain in order to regression test the application thoroughly.
Project is under Agile methodology, I attend daily standup meetings, provide daily status on manual and automation test results. Attend sprint plan meetings to review the user stories and story points. Strong experience with software development approaches like Agile and Iterative.
Created test data for Manual Testing and Regression test data for Automation test scripts. Developing repeatable test set up for both Manual and Automation test scripts for Every Release.
We follow IEEE 1012-2012 standards for system and application requirements
Designed and implemented Test Framework based on Data Driven Framework and POM(Page Object Model) and design and developing end to end functional automation tests using Selenium Web Driver using Java with TestNG.
Testing of Web Services and RESTful services using SOAP UI and Postman
Used Firebug, FirePath to debug, edit and locate the objects based on ID, Name, XPath, CssSelector, Attributes and Tags.
Performed functional, Cross browser compatibility testing on different browsers like IE, Firefox, Chrome, and Safari.
Knowledge and experience in testing mobile apps on different Mobile Application Platforms, such as iOS and Android and on Mobile device testing.
Perform applications testing on wide range of Mobile handset of different vendors which includes Iphone, Samsung, Google, Ipad, Samsung Tablets and many more with different versions.
Performed role-based security testing with different application access users
Replicated and Tested the fixed Production Issues in lower environment.
Performed the Functional testing, System Testing, Regression testing as needed.
Good experience in Integration testing and User Acceptance Testing(UAT) verifying if the product we are building is correct
Performing American Disabilities Act (ADA) testing using Adobe Accessibility Checker
Verify dataflow through the front and backend - using SQL Queries to extract data.
Defect Tracking and Reporting, logged defects using JIRA tool and reported it to the developer.
Raise and Review new defects and determine priority and coordinate with development team to get resolution.
Worked on continuous improvement of QA process by reviewing and evaluating existing practices with standard testing guidelines to ensure overall quality of the product.
Perform code reviews with developers to identify Application Security, Error Handling, Performance
Perform mentoring, knowledge transfer, and training to other team members and client staff

Client : Sprint, Overland Park, Kansas Jan ’18 to Oct’ 21
Role : Sr. QA Test Engineer
Responsibilities:
Participate and review the Business requirements, System Analysis artifacts to understand system functionality, best approach and test complex systems.
Involved in preparation of Test Plans with best approaches for different modules and documented test cases and scripts for various screens of the application.
Functional testing of application by intensive execution of test cases performing validation if we have built the right product/application
Create Test reports for both manual and automated tests using Microsoft Office for preparing test execution reports and presenting status reports to technical manager and Product manager
Developed the test cases for White box and Black Box Testing and Maintain all test cases in QTest.
Created test data for Manual Testing and Regression test data for Automation test cases.Developing repeatable test set up for both Manual and Automation test scripts for Every Release.
Project is under Agile and Iterative environment, I attended daily standup meetings, provided daily status on manual and automation test results. Attended sprint plan meetings to review the user stories and story points.
Written Functional and Regression test cases in QTest Management.
Designed and implemented Test Framework based on Data Driven Framework and POM(Page Object Model) and design and developing end to end functional automation tests using Selenium Web Driver using Java with TestNG.
Created Test data for regression scenarios, when new build deployed in QA environment.
Performed Web Services Testing and XML validation by creating test case suite using SOAP UI
Design and develop end to end functional test cases using selenium Web Driver using Java.
IEEE 1012-2012 standards for both system and functional requirements
Used Firebug, FirePath to debug, edit and locate the objects based on ID, Name, XPath, CssSelector, Attributes and Tags.
Performed functional, compatibility testing on different browsers like IE, Firefox & Chrome.
Scripted the Test cases and managed the framework dependency jars using Maven.
Created and executed both load and functional tests for web services.
Performed functional testing of SOAP and RESTFUL Web Services using SOAP UI and PostManTool.
Performed role-based security testing with different application access users.
Verify dataflow through the front and backend - using SQL Queries to extract data.
Tested the applications with multiple stakeholders/customers with varied business priorities and varying levels of experience with automation systems.
Defect Tracking and Reporting, logged defects using JIRA, and reported it to the developer.
Raise and Review new defects and determine priority and coordinate with development team to get resolution.
Developed the load and performance testing using JMeter
Tested the Application with various browsers like Internet Explorer, Firefox, Google Chrome.
Performed American Disabilities Act (ADA) testing using Wave Tool
Worked on continuous improvement of QA process by reviewing and evaluating existing practices with standard testing guidelines to ensure overall quality of the product.
Good experience in Integration testing and User Acceptance Testing(UAT) verifying if the product we are building is correct
Perform code reviews with developers to identify Application Security, Error Handling, Performance
Perform mentoring, knowledge transfer, and training to other team members and client staff

Client : Zenkey, Georgia, Atlanta – Dunwoody Jan ’17 to Dec’18
Role : QA Test Engineer
Responsibilities:
Analyze and review the Business requirements, System Analysis artifacts understand system functionality, User Stories, Best approach and Test Complex Systems.
Involved in preparation of Test Plans with best approaches for different modules and documented test cases and scripts for various screens of the application.
Developed Test Cases (Based on functional and technical design document), Test scripts, Test data ( for Regression Testing)
Create Test reports for both manual and automated tests using Microsoft Office for preparing test execution reports and presenting status reports to technical manager and Product manager
Strong experience with software development approaches like Agile and Iterative.
Generated Bidirectional traceability matrix to track requirements and associated test cases.
Project is under Agile environment, I attended daily standup meetings, provided daily status on manual and automation test results. Attended sprint plan meetings to review the user stories and story points.
Developed the test cases for White box and Black Box Testing and Maintain all test cases in VersionOne.
Created test data for Manual Testing and Regression test data for Automation test cases. Developing repeatable test set up for both Manual and Automation test scripts for Every Release.
Designed and implemented Test Framework based on Data Driven Framework and POM(Page Object Model) and design and developing end to end functional automation tests using Selenium Web Driver using Java with TestNG.
Perform backend testing using SQL statements
Create and execute automated software test plans, cases and scripts to uncover, identify and document software problems and their causes.
Having good experience identifying, installing, and configuring testing tools.
Design and develop end to end functional test cases
Prepare test data and automating the test data load to help in execution of tests at the story level for each release.
Coordinating and collaborating with a Systems Integrator System Testing team and development team and External Partners.
Tested the End to End Applicaiton on Google Cloud Environment.
Performed testing on IOS and Android for Mobile and Tablet Devices using simulators like Xcode and Android Studio.
Verify the JDG Session replication logs for other 2 data centers if the session data is getting stored when the session is started and transaction data is active on 1 data center
Perform verification to make sure data is being replicated properly in each data center.
Monitor TIBCO queues,after placing an order.
Export Test Case Scripts (Java-Selenium Web driver) in Eclipse and modified the selenium scripts and executed.
Good experience identifying, installing, and configuring testing tools like Slenium, TestNG, SOAP UI, Ready API.
Tested the Application with various browsers like Internet Explorer, Firefox, Google Chrome, and Safari etc.
Performed the in root-cause analysis of product or process related failures.
Work closely with development team and provide help in fixing the bugs.
Insert / Update/ Delete few records in the source system and verify entries are reflected in Target databases
Developed the load and performance testing using JMeter.
Validate the data is same across all the data centers
Test the end-to-end functionality for Data replication between Three data centers.
Write the SQL queries for data replication between Three data centers
Work on DB2 Replication, testing using Oracle Golden Gate tools and verify data properly stored in Target and source database.
System requirements and functional requirements are maintained in CMMI Level 5 standards
Execute the daily WSSG Regression testing scripts using SOAP UI and ReadyAPI tool.
Manage the testing activities for complete data flow in the DB.
Knowledge transfer application and automation Training to the team
Raise and Review new defects and determine priority and coordinate with development team to get resolution.
Perform code reviews with developers to identify Application Security, Error Handling, Performance
Perform mentoring, knowledge transfer, and training to other team members and client staff

Client : GGK Technologies, Hyderabad, Telangana Nov ’13 to Jul’15
Role : QA Test Engineer
Responsibilities:
Prepare test data and automating the test data load to help in execution of tests at the story level for each release.
Involved in preparation of Test Plans with best approaches for different modules and documented test cases and scripts for various screens of the application.
Generated Bidirectional traceability matrix to track requirements and associated test cases.
Performance testing to verify that the system meets the specifications, speed and effectiveness as per various teams.
Developed the test cases for White box and Black Box Testing and Maintain all test cases in VersionOne.
Created test data for Manual Testing and Regression test data for Automation test cases. Developing repeatable test set up for both Manual and Automation test scripts for Every Release.
Designing E2E Functional and regression test cases.
Designed and implemented Test Framework based on Data Driven Framework and POM(Page Object Model) and design and developing end to end functional automation tests using Selenium Web Driver using Java with TestNG.
Used Firebug Tool to identify the Object id, Name, XPath, link in the application.
Exported Test Case Scripts (Selenium Web driver - Java) in Eclipse and modified the selenium scripts and executed. Prepared automation test framework.
Added annotations to the test. (Selenium)Executed scripts on cross browsers and also executed on different versions.
Migrate to Macy’s credits to CITI bank.
Good experience in mobile testing using Appium in both IOS and Android applications using simulator and emulator.
Coordinating and collaborating with a Systems Integrator System Testing team and development team and External Partners.
Implemented simulator for Mobile App Testing in Android Platform using Appium.
Tested the applications with multiple stakeholders/customers with varied business priorities and varying levels of experience with automation systems.
Work closely with development team and provide help in fixing the bugs.
Test the end-to-end functionality for credit gateway pages and credit service flow.
Writing the SQL queries for data replication between two data centers
Hands on experience with Continuous Integration practices such as Jenkins or similar experience in build tools such as Jenkins or similar knowledge on code quality platforms such as SonarQube or relevant platforms
Tested the Application with various browsers like Internet Explorer, Firefox, Google Chrome, and Safari etc.
Compliment the agile/iterative development
System requirements and functional requirements are maintained in CMMI Level 5 standards
Create and maintain fully automated CI build processes for Java product.
Manage the testing activities for complete data flow in the DB (Oracle and DB2).
Automate testing of Credit Authorization services.
Having a good experience developing, measuring, and maintaining test matrices for coverage, velocity, and overall system quality.
Raise and Review new defects and determine priority and coordinate with development team to get resolution.
Contact this candidate