Latha Chandran
Bothell, WA ***** 425-***-**** ad6ped@r.postjobfree.com

Summary
Experienced Project Manager with a passion for driving innovation and creating customer-centric products. Skilled in creating and managing product roadmaps and working with stakeholders. I have over 20 years of experience as an information technology Analyst/PO, specializing in enterprise application support, implementation, configuration management, product management, database dependencies and lead for scrum ceremonies providing required deliverables and status. Motivated and forward-thinking product owner with 5+ years of experience in the IT industry. My mission is to drive product innovation and excellence by leveraging my skills, experience, and domain knowledge, and by collaborating with diverse and talented teams. I am always eager to learn new technologies, methodologies, and best practices to deliver projects that meet and exceed customer expectations and business goals.

Skills
Agile Development
Scrum project management
Excel
API
Production Environment
PowerPoint
SQL Server Management Studio
JIRA
Confluence
Microsoft Project
SmartSheets
Azure DevOps
UCCE application
Waterfall
ITIL frameworks
Reporting tools
QA automation tools

Experience
PRODUCT OWNER/PM 01/2017 - 11/2023
T-Mobile
Interacted professionally with various groups like executives, managers, subject matter experts, and software developers.
Managed production systems/applications and responsibility for their implementations - QA and test environments included.
Created and managed the Request for Change (RFC) end to end process in many projects and handled smoothly.
Demonstrated the ability to use analytics and optimization tools to inform product planning and prioritization. Collaborates with Product Managers to support the prioritization of feature enablers defined by architects within the product roadmap.
Collaborated with program stakeholders to obtain final sign-off to release a build.
Created and maintained the required release documentation that supports any given release through its production life cycle.
Prioritized backlog tasks and planned sprints with the team, based on the sequencing and ranking of features defined in the product roadmap.
Aligned with Standard Operating Procedures for maintaining server operating system patching and Disaster Recovery requirements.
Coordinated the execution of all code deployments to production environments using appropriate tools and tracking mechanisms.
Demonstrated strong technical acumen by effectively communicating complex technical concepts to cross-functional teams.
Actively managed shifting priorities through a prioritized backlog
Led product development initiatives as a Product Manager. Conducts the formal review and acceptance of user stories implemented by a team within a sprint.
Monitored feedback from customers, internal stakeholders, and market trends to drive product improvements and iterations.
Engaged with teams to advise them on the need for QA Automation, methodologies, and best practices. Actively driven the execution of user acceptance testing (UAT) activities with support from business and technology team members.
Excellent organizational and planning skills and Strong process knowledge of Software Development Life Cycles.
Performs functional reviews as part of sprint demos and showcases along with the Product Manager and Delivery Manager.
Worked continuously daily with teams to provide answers, feedback and direction on work items, enablers, and user stories.
Able to work independently and Deep understanding of business requirements elicitation and stakeholder management.

SENIOR ENGINEER/SCRUM MASTER 05/2011 - 01/2017
T-Mobile
Release Lead for all Speech IVR monthly deployments and production fixes
Created user story acceptance criteria to get requirements from stakeholders and refined those stories with the scrum team
Created technical manuals as part of product development scrum teams using Agile methodology.
Facilitated Agile ceremonies including daily stand-ups, sprint planning, sprint review, and retrospective meetings
Managed and re-prioritized the product backlogs
Coached and mentored cross-functional teams on Agile best practices
Functioned as a liaison between product, IT, customer delivery, and development teams
Worked closely with project manager to ensure the work managed by teams achieves the highest value and priority of the business
Utilized JIRA and Confluence to track sprint progress, identify bottlenecks, and optimize workflow processes.
Identifies and resolves problems, often anticipating issues before they occur or before they grow, develops and evaluates options and implements solutions.
Proficient in requirements gathering, business modeling, user journey modeling/documenting, project scoping, and use case creation.
Leads and participated in Business and User Acceptance sessions for confirmation of requirements.
Ensured that all requirements and journeys support the delivery of business value, fulfill goals and objectives, and meet stakeholder needs.
SYSTEM ANALYST 01/2001 - 03/2011
AT&T Mobility
Performed Analysis, Design and Maintenance of IVR Application Production Support
Supported to maintain IVR Admin tool
Working as a lead role for IVR Reporting application
Worked on building the new hardware for IVR Reporting platform migration
Maintaining SQL scripts to put the Work request which we get from Business to get the new features to the TSDB Database
Involved in multiple Billing Releases in various applications
Leads 24/7 Production On-Call Support
Testing, QA, and Documentation.

Education and Training
Bharathidasan University - Tamil Nadu Master's in computer applications
01/1998
BCM College - Kottayam, Kerala Bachelor's in mathematics
01/1995

Certifications
Certified Scrum Product Owner (CSPO) Scrum Alliance

Accomplishments
Spotlight Award for various projects leading Total Experience at T-Mobile.
Contact this candidate