AMAN BAFNA
Boston, MA • +1-857-***-**** • ad6q7x@r.postjobfree.com • LinkedIn
EDUCATION
Northeastern University, Boston, MA Expected Aug 2024 Master of Science, Engineering Management, GPA: 4.0/4.0
● Coursework: Digital Product Management, Product Development, Engg. Project Management, Platform Innovation, Lean Design & Development Veermata Jijabai Technological Institute, Mumbai, India May 2022 Bachelor of Technology, Electronics Engineering, GPA: 8.23/10
● Elected as Chief Coordinator of the Entrepreneurship cell to represent 80 students SKILLS
Tools: JIRA, Miro, Tableau, Asana, PowerBI, Figma, Amplitude, MS Excel, Redmine, MS Project Programming languages: Python, SQL, VBA PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Dassault Systèmes, Johnston, RI Jun 2023 - Dec 2023 Product Management and Strategy Co-op
● Partnered with a team of 5 senior product managers using JIRA, driving 30+ R&D teams in product planning, strategy, go-to-market enablement, and cross-functional alignment for SIMULIA.
● Led a customer intelligence project across 9 regions, 13 industries, and 100+ accounts, identifying product usage trends to boost revenue by 25%.
● Created and updated Tableau dashboards weekly to track portfolio changes for 200+ processes, enhancing data visibility for management.
● Conducted a root-cause analysis to identify low revenue factors in specific industries and sales channels, increasing revenue growth rate by 50%.
● Built real-time dashboards on 3DExperience, analyzing historical simulation market data to provide strategic insights for top management.
● Streamlined a financial workbook using Python and SQL, increasing time efficiency by 80% and improving data reliability for planning. Citoc Ventures, Mumbai, India Jul 2021 - Aug 2022
Product Manager
● Researched customer needs from interviews, identifying pain points and improving the customer experience with Agile methods.
● Engineered a mobile app with AI-driven stock recommendations, working with UI/UX experts and using Figma for prototyping and testing.
● Implemented A/B testing to increase subscription customer retention rate by 40%, collaborating with data scientists and developers.
● Coordinated with cross-functional teams using JIRA to prioritize product features and track progress, increasing team velocity by 70%.
● Performed market research and examined user feedback to develop business development initiatives and perform competitive analysis. The Sparks Foundation, Singapore (Remote) May 2021 - Jun 2021 Data Science and Business Analytics Intern
● Analyzed market trends using Advanced Excel to identify growth opportunities and optimize product pricing, leading to a 20% profit increase.
● Devised a predictive model using Python to forecast product demand, enabling strategic inventory management and reducing stockouts by 15%.
● Examined customer data using SQL, identifying key trends and insights that informed product development and marketing strategies. Center Of Excellence (VJTI), Mumbai, India Jun 2021 - Apr 2022 Research Assistant - Social Media Analytics
● Developed and implemented a community detection model for Twitter using Python and SQL, increasing digital marketing reach by 40%.
● Supervised project timelines and deliverables for social media analytics, utilizing JIRA and MS Project for effective workflow management.
● Created an end-to-end BI tool for audience segmentation, enhancing insights for strategic decisions with PowerBI. PROJECTS
TunedIn, Presentation, PRD Jan 2023 - Apr 2023
● Conceptualized the TunedIn platform, facilitating access for 1000+ musicians and projecting a 30% increase in gig bookings upon launch.
● Employed analytics to identify market insights, aiming for a 50% reduction in musicians' search time and a 25% revenue increase for partners. Roku Ad Measurement, Presentation, Prototype Jan 2023 - Feb 2023
● Analyzed a sample dataset of a Roku advertisement campaign, generating pre-campaign insights for advertisers to optimize strategies.
● Crafted high-fidelity wireframes for advertisers, with data-driven insights including personalized audience targeting and campaign recommendations. Events On Instagram (Feature to enhance the booking experience), Presentation, Prototype Oct 2022 - Nov 2022
● Conducted market research and competitor analysis to prioritize features, estimating USD 2 Billion in annual revenue for Instagram.
● Designed a working prototype and defined UX for event booking/posting via Figma, identifying KPIs and success metrics for product roadmap. CERTIFICATIONS
● Agile Project Management Professional Certificate, Atlassian - May 2024
● Digital Product Management: Modern Fundamentals, University of Virginia - April 2022 LEADERSHIP AND ACHIEVEMENTS
● Awarded a Top 5 position in Protothon, a 2-week Product Hackathon with 80 participating teams, in November 2022. Mentored 4 teams in subsequent editions of the competition, guiding them on digital value creation, product development, and monetization.
● Delivered a guest lecture to a class at KJ Somaiya College of Engineering, Mumbai, in 2021, on the topic of UI/UX.
Contact this candidate