JR Johnson
Laguna Niguel, CA • 949-***-**** • ad6xui@r.postjobfree.com

LinkedIn Profile: https://www.linkedin.com/in/jr-johnson-b8620631/

IT and Product Management Professional with 15 years’ experience of transformative accomplishments in Innovative Product delivery, Agile Methodology, and Strategic Planning for web applications, service layer applications, APIs, enterprise applications, and more. Established, referenceable track record of backlog creation and management, requirements delivery and collaboration to ensure high quality of all solutions delivered. Demonstrated communication skills with proven teamwork, management and relationship building skills. Recognized for driving innovation, engaging stakeholders, and leading high-performing teams in diverse industries, including Enterprise and Consumer Software, SaaS, and Fintech.

WORK EXPERIENCE
March 2023 - October 2023
Product Manager, HIGH-DEFINITION VEHICLE INSURANCE (HDVI)
High-Definition Vehicle Insurance (HDVI) is a company that specializes in providing commercial auto insurance for trucking fleets. HDVI leverages advanced technology, including telematics, data analytics, and real-time monitoring, to offer more accurate and dynamic insurance solutions.

Key Accomplishments:
Managed a billing project to accept payments from our website and to automate the posting, receipt, and reporting of that payment within our internal accounting system.
Within our CRM (Dynamics 365), modernized the automation of the telematics reporting for both internal teams and external clients.

Duties & Responsibilities:
Tracked product success metrics by identifying Key Performance Indicators (KPIs), regularly monitoring performance, and reporting metrics using data-driven insights for decision-making.
Defined and created product requirements by partnering with engineering, UI/UX, QA, marketing, and sales teams.
Prioritized product backlog: Evaluated feature requests, bug fixes, and enhancements for prioritization, considering their business value impact on customers and technical feasibility.
Fostered collaboration with development teams by working closely with engineering & design teams, ensuring efficient processes including sprint planning sessions, grooming sessions & retrospectives.
Crafted the product roadmap by collaborating with key stakeholders to formulate a product vision, strategy, and roadmap that aligns with company goals and customer requirements.
Provided clear guidance for products: Conveyed product vision, goals, and requirements to the development team, promoting shared understanding and clear objectives.
Conducted extensive market research to stay updated on trends, customer feedback, and competition. Utilized insights to identify new product opportunities and enhance current ones.

March 2021 - January 2023
Product Owner, CU Direct (now Origence)
Origence is a technology company that provides a comprehensive suite of solutions designed to streamline and enhance the lending process for financial institutions, particularly credit unions and banks. Origence aims to improve efficiency, reduce costs, and enhance the overall member and customer experience in the lending lifecycle.

Key Accomplishments:
Guided my team around the projects involved with the building of a new Loan Origination System pertaining to the Mortgage Compliance items for TRID, HMDA, and ECOA, the online application process, and customer notifications.
Created new and updated legacy system third party API integrations.
Modernized legacy system lending screens for other loan lines (auto, credit card, personal).

Duties & Responsibilities:
Utilized strong business knowledge, influence and communication skills to anticipate problems, address them accordingly while working cross functionally in a self-organizing manner to accomplish tasks and effectively manage the backlog.
Managed team backlog items and priorities based on business need, corporate objectives and product goals.
Primary communicator and connection between stakeholders, end users, and teams to ensure that each user story meets their shared expectations.
Fostered a balanced, prioritized roadmap/backlog that consistently delivered value through new or enhanced features along with effective defect management.
Monitored emerging industry trends relevant to customer needs, leveraged insights from competitive landscape analysis to inform product roadmaps.
Captured, articulated detailed business requirements, user stories, and acceptance criteria ensuring comprehensive software documentation.
Participated and lead PO and/or ART sync meetings in addition to the system demo to show critical aspects of the solution Participates in Inspect & Adapt (I&A) workshop to work across teams to define and implement improvement stories to increase program quality.
Participates in ceremonies within the team to coordinate efforts with team to refine the process, identify areas for improvement and support the execution of tasks.
May 2015 - March 2021
Product Manager / Senior Business Analyst, EllieMae (now ICE Mortgage Technology)
ICE Mortgage Technology is a provider of technology solutions for the mortgage industry. Their primary focus is on delivering innovative and comprehensive tools to streamline and automate the mortgage process, making it more efficient and transparent for lenders, borrowers, and other stakeholders.

Key Accomplishments:
Taking over team leadership and product manager responsibilities when both our product manager and product director left the company.
Updated Fee Variance testing at the Fee level for mortgage compliance.
Directed all third-party API integrations to our product. Including maintaining SDK, XSD, data dictionary, etc.
Updated customer support escalation process, including creating integration between Salesforce and JIRA.
Created help tool to allow customers to resolve compliance issues.
Updated our web Security access protocols and expanded user permissions.
Duties & Responsibilities:
Proven ability to gain consensus, lead, and collaborate with executives, stakeholders, engineering, UI/UX, cross-teams, marketing, and sales teams to deliver high-impact products. Created and maintained Product strategy and vision for Mavent.
Managed effort to gather feedback from both internal and external clients (CSAT surveys, Focus Groups, etc.). Additionally, performed Product Gap Analysis and competitive Analysis and incorporated those findings into the Product Roadmap.
Worked closely with engineering, design teams, and any cross-teams to ensure efficient and effective development processes that worked best for the team within the Agile / Scrum structure.
Headed all sprint planning, backlog grooming, retrospectives, and stand-up meetings. Assessed and prioritized feature requests, bug fixes, enhancements, and tech debt, while considering business value, customer impact, and technical feasibility to maintain a healthy, balanced roadmap/backlog that delivers value to our customers with new or enhanced features, healthy defect management, and technical refresh allocation.
Defined the vision and goals for the Product roadmap by prioritizing features, enhancements, and tech debt based on customer value, business impact, and technical feasibility. Continuously refined and updated the roadmap based on changing priorities and market conditions. Identified potential risks and challenges relating to the product’s development, deployment, and maintenance.
From Epics to User Stories, created and maintained the product documentation, including product requirements, user stories, use cases, acceptance criteria, definition of done, training materials, and wireframes / mock-ups. Developed and identified the key measures of success, set expectations with all relevant stakeholders, and effectively prioritized across initiatives, teams, and functions.
Communicated the product vision, goals, and requirements to the engineering team, key stakeholders, and executives to ensure a shared understanding and clarity of purpose.
Reviewed and provided sign-off on user acceptance testing (UAT) and ensured that we have met the definition of “done.”
Defined key performance indicators (KPIs) and objectives and key results (OKR’s). Tracked product performance and regularly reporting on metrics.
Served as the primary contact to address any Tier 2 and Tier 3 support escalations.
Assessed risks and proposed contingency plans for unexpected situations.
Understood the drivers of product profitability and assisted leadership in ensuring that products are hitting financial targets including budgeted revenue and margin growth.
Conducted in-depth market analysis to identify evolving trends, competitive landscape dynamics, and high-impact innovation opportunities.
Identified and assessed new market opportunities, leading initiatives to adapt the product for diverse segments and drive exponential growth.
Collaborated with key stakeholders, industry experts, and executive leadership to drive the product strategy, gathering profound insights to shape visionary product roadmaps.
Led, mentored, and inspired cross-functional teams, seamlessly orchestrating efforts across engineering, design, sales, legal, marketing, and executive leadership. Provided guidance to less-experienced Product Management professionals.
Defined and led financial services compliance around GLBA, CCPA, KYC/AML, etc.
November 2013 – April 2015
IT Business Systems Analyst II, Black Knight Inc.
Black Knight, Inc., is a leading provider of integrated technology, data, and analytics solutions to the mortgage and real estate industries. The company's products and services are designed to help streamline the mortgage lifecycle, enhance loan performance, and support business processes across the mortgage and real estate sectors.

Key Accomplishments:
Expanded legacy system (MSP) to better interface (back end) with the LOS (Empower) and other Black Knight applications.
Expanded LOS (Empower) to better interface third party integrations as part of the Symphony project.

Duties & Responsibilities:
Supported the Product Managers and engineers with system workflow and design.
Assess, write, and communicate business requirements, evaluate, and approve technical requirements, develop test plans, test according to those plans and assist with the system design to ensure system functionality.
Conduct system and user testing as required to verify system continuity and integration as well as functionality.
Prepared business process workflows for existing legacy systems and newly designed systems.
Worked with the team to develop strategies to mitigate risks and ensure as smooth as possible project execution.
Created and maintained the product documentation, including product requirements, user stories, use cases, acceptance criteria, definition of done, training materials, and wireframes / mock-ups.
Developed and identified the key measures of success, set expectations with all relevant stakeholders, and effectively prioritized across initiatives, teams, and functions.
Balanced business requirements with simple to understand language, while including the technical details for the advanced audience.
Ensured that all cross-teams, functional partners, and leadership understood the prioritization when we are shipping and why it matters to the business’s overall objectives.
Worked within an agile development process, leading sprint planning, backlog grooming, and other agile ceremonies. Collaborate closely with development teams to ensure timely delivery of features and updates.
Served as the SME for MSP, Empower (LOS) and integrations/interfaces between all Black Knight products.

October 2009 – September 2013
Senior Business Analyst (Consultant), Various Companies

Key Accomplishments:
Streamlined and updated reporting processes for customer support managers to track work performed by employees and calls being received. Enhancements were to the IVR system and custom CRM.
Enhanced claims workflow with API’s, to remove 80% of manual tying.
Worked with legal to revise and update any future insurance policies conformed to the individual State regulations and Federal regulations.
Created a new auto ordering, tracking, searching, and trading system for auto dealerships.
Updated HR systems for better usability and to meet regulatory requirements.

Duties & Responsibilities:
Captured and refined business requirements through comprehensive analysis and documentation of epics, user stories, acceptance criteria, and software documentation.
Partnered with developers/subject matter experts establishing a technical vision after analyzing tradeoffs between usability/performance needs.
Maintained current application support documents and actively provided implementation training.
Streamlined tasks by developing stories, epics, themes in line with product, corporate goals.
Collaborated with IT staff to update Business Process and Software System Requirements.
Executed QA & UAT test scenarios through comprehensive test cases and scripts creation.
Communicated issues/results to management, promoting transparency across all levels.
Prioritized system issues accurately and efficiently within established deadlines.
Developed easy-to-use guides and training materials for improved user experience.
Ensured all artifacts strictly adhered to SDLC Policies for smooth operations.
Provided proactive technical aid to IT team for system problem resolution.
Be a SME for Tableau and Power BI tools.

Skills
Certified Scrum Product Owner (CSPO)
Certified SAFe Product Owner/Product Manager (5.0)
Effective communication and technical skills with the ability to quickly grasp technical issues/concepts.
Dissect high-level information into details and able to communicate details in a manner understood by relevant audiences.
Ability to drill down into the details of a delivery request without losing sight of the big picture.
Adaptive person, able to learn new software solutions, business processes and design techniques quickly and efficiently.

Education
Saddleback College / Cal State Fullerton
No degree - about 120 units completed.
Pre-law with a 3.4 GPA

MS Office, JIRA, Confluence, SDLC lifecycle (Agile, Scrum, Waterfall)
Ability to make critical judgement decisions and solid organization skills.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including the ability to understand, work with, and shape the vision of customers and stakeholders.
Proven ability to quickly learn new business domains.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including the ability to understand, work with, and shape the vision of customers and stakeholders.
Contact this candidate