Stuart Chlebowski
Matawan, NJ *****
https://www.linkedin.com/in/stuartchlebowski/ ad6y3j@r.postjobfree.com PROJECT MANAGER / PRODUCT OWNER / PRODUCT MANAGER (REMOTE ONLY) PMI certified Project Manager / SAFe 6 certified Product Owner with extensive experience in project management, business analysis, data analysis, agile product ownership and application development. Experience supporting financial, pharmaceutical and consumer packaged goods, pharmaceutical benefits and education enterprises. Experience supporting information technology, first as a developer, advancing to roles as analyst and manager. Project experience includes agile product owner, IT (information technology) management, PMO (project management office) and transformation projects. SKILLS
● Project Manager ● Product Owner / Product Manager ● Scrum Master
● Business Analysis ● Transformational change ● Software Development Life Cycle
● Application Development ● IT Management Skills ● Client (stakeholder) focused
● Strong attention to detail ● Data reconciliation and control ● Project Documentation, Record Keeping
● Govt Regulated reporting ● Waterfall / Agile methodologies ● Issue / Risk management
● Proficient in MS Office Suite ● Risk / Regulatory projects ● Management Reporting - dashboards
● Consulting Solutions ● Excellent communication skills ● Strong analytical skills PROFESSIONAL ACHIEVEMENTS
● Product Owner in a transformation project in Retirement Services working primarily with financial transactions.
● Support PMO in a global Enterprise Facilities Management Transformation Program.
● Work with government regulatory agencies with regard to financial transactions, education concerns.
● Manage domestic PMO in change of IT platform from IBM Mainframe to distributed platform.
● Implemented Student Information System for a public-school district of 10,000 students and 1,000 employees.
● Manage the upgrade of operational systems and accounting practices to provide sufficient controls for stock transfer and associated activities, thereby complying with regulatory advisement (PMO).
● Implemented Treasury Reporting application within short time frame. Application provided Federal Reserve Bank series 2004 filings with online adjustment facility allowing further drill-down into details of calculations.
● Supervised Help Desk assisting clients in their use of an in-house. Enhanced the success of this new application. CERTIFICATION
PMP - Project Management Professional (PMI - PMP Number: 2051423) Certified SAFe® 6 (Scaled Agile) Scrum Master (certificate ID: 532*****-****) Certified SAFe® 6 (Scaled Agile) Product Owner / Product Manager (certificate ID: 057*****-****) Retirement Plan Fundamentals Certificate Course - American Society of Pension Professionals & Actuaries ITIL - Foundation Certificate in IT Service Management PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Infosys Limited, Basking Ridge, NJ (Lead Consultant) October 2020 – June 2024 Product Owner @ Client: Vanguard Group, Malvern, PA
● Product Owner within Transformation Project where Infosys will be converting Mainframe based applications to Cloud Based applications. My focus is on Record Keeping systems.
● Spearhead Product Owner group on expediting discussion of replacing the User Interface
● Optimize the User Experience – removing unnecessary parameters
● Work with client subject matter experts on learning the legacy methods so that our work group can move forward on keeping required standards and enhancing system.
Johnson & Johnson, New Brunswick, NJ November 2018 – December 2019 Project Manager, Engineering and Property Services (as a contractor)
● Assist the development of strategic deliverables such as presentations and analyses, support the delivery of the FM Transformation Program via progress tracking, status recording and reporting, and action driving and documentation.
● Support the global PMO lead, responsible for maintenance of the FM Transformation Program plan and accurate status reporting of the various work streams and deployments comprising the Program, including project plan and RAID log.
● Liaise with work streams, discuss resolution options, remove blockages. Escalate as necessary to Program Leadership.
● Work effectively across multiple regions and multiple stakeholder groups, on cross-functional teams and within matrix organizations.
● Responsible for version control of key PMO documents, archived in correct locations, e.g. Project Plan, RAIDD Log. Stuart Chlebowski 732-***-**** Page 2
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE - continued
Hubspire, New York, NY February 2016 – October 2018 Project Manager / Business Analyst (as a contractor)
● Coordinate communications between Hubspire executive, development staff and client.
● Manage scope and change management. ● Manage risks and issues (monitor risk / issue log). Bank of America, Hopewell, NJ June 2015 – November 2015 Project Manager / Business Analyst, Group: Corporate Operational Risk Technology (as a contractor)
● Enterprise Reference Data Project - to get 3 major data platforms in compliance with Bank of America's guidelines that will allow the data to be accessible to anyone in the enterprise.
● Maintained individual project plan for my application. ● Responsible for team communications, risk log management. Express Scripts / Medco, Franklin Lakes, NJ April 2014 – June 2015 Senior Project Manager / Technical Analyst (as a contractor)
● Application retirement. Manage timelines of agile project, communications to clients and management. Manage team of analysts and developers in creating archiving solutions, reduce data stored, move required data to alternative.
● Analyze application elements (procedures, program code) utilized to convert client files for new platform. Old Bridge Township Public Schools, Old Bridge, NJ February 2009 - June 2011 Software Application Specialist / Student Records Manager
● Manage daily operations of the school district student information systems. Accountable for accuracy of information for internal controls, external reporting, accessibility of system to administrators and instructors.
● Manage conversion from old Student Information System to a new system. Necessitates migration of data, validating conversion, communications with vendor and administration, training and testing. Merrill Lynch, Hopewell, NJ November 2007 - May 2008 Team Lead Business Analyst (as a contractor)
● Manage staff of several business analysts in the creation of Requirements Specifications for our client.
● Manage daily activities and issues of moving 150 retirement plans from Princeton Retirement Group to Merrill Lynch. Edison Learning, New York, NY June 2006 – August 2007 Project Manager Application Development
● Manage staff of several developers and database administrators (in several locations) in the maintenance and enhancement of internally created applications supporting students and administrators.
● Responsible for deliverables, timelines, estimates and communications to clients and management. Consulting, Matawan, NJ November 2001 – May 2006
Consultant
● Collaborated with clients (small company business systems) bringing solutions to their technology problems. HCL-Deluxe (iDLX Technology Partners), New York, NY July 1999 – October 2001 Principal Consultant
● PMO – (Engagement: EquiServe, NJ) - Managed the upgrade of operational systems and accounting practices to provide sufficient controls for stock transfer and associated activities, thereby complying with regulatory advisement.
● Project Manager – (Engagement: Pershing, Florham Park, NJ) Led onsite and offshore teams in major expansion of a trade file for a service provider. Supervised 4 onsite and 26 offshore resources. Citigroup (former Salomon Brothers), New York, NY February 1981 – February 1999 Manager, Financial Applications Development (Regulatory Systems)
● Direct the design, development, maintenance, and enhancements to several Regulatory Reporting applications. Responsibilities: management reporting, client interface, staff supervision, technical support and external agencies.
● Manage help desk supporting new internally created data warehouse application. Intermediary between technology and user community, helped to generate success of new query tool.
● Enhance system to increase availability of firm capital for proprietary trading purposes. Optimize “haircut” calculations for fixed income, mortgage, and equity processing enabling the firm to utilize more capital.
● Developed financing subsystem of Economic Trading Profit & Loss system. EDUCATION:
Brooklyn College (Brooklyn, NY), Bachelor of Science, Computer and Information Science - February 1981 Kaizen Technologies (Edison, NJ), Coursework in Project Management and Business Analysis – March 2017 BTII Institute (West Orange, NJ), Coursework in Scaled Agile Scrum Master – April, 2020 American Society of Pension Professionals & Actuaries - Retirement Plan Fundamentals Certificate Course - 2020
Contact this candidate