Lauren P. Atkins
205-***-**** ad6zw5@r.postjobfree.com

Summary
Marketing professional with 20+ years of experience in building brand recognition and driving sales for medical devices and surgical services. Expertise in designing and executing strategic marketing plans, developing consistent brand messaging across regional and global markets, and targeting diverse customer segments.

Professional Experience
Podimetrics
Senior Product Marketing Manager
November 2022 – Present
Led integrated go-to-market planning and execution for existing and new products, inspiring and leading cross-functional teams including product development, content marketing, design, sales, and digital marketing.
Developed go-to-market plans and created compelling audience-targeted content (digital strategies, videos, presentations, webinars, white papers) to engage the target audience and drive product adoption.
Owned the creation of marketing content and programs that crisply articulate the value proposition to relevant audience segments.
Served as the subject matter and customer experience expert to inform and support product direction with a deep understanding of customer needs.
Analyzed the competitive landscape and followed key trends to contribute to feature prioritization.
Collaborated with Sales Enablement to create effective tools highlighting differentiated customer value, supporting Commercial Sales teams in attracting buyers and moving them through the funnel.
Facilitated ongoing dialogue between Marketing and Sales to inform messaging, key talking points, support materials, and product feature updates.
Synovis Micro Companies Alliance, Inc. (a subsidiary of Baxter International Inc)
Senior Manager, Marketing
October 2012 – October 2022
Led all marketing activities for 15+ product lines in plastic reconstructive surgery, ortho trauma, and wound care to hospitals, universities, and ambulatory surgery centers.
Acted as Global Product Owner and Marketing lead for product launches, post-market surveillance, clinical evaluation reporting, new product development, voice of customer, and acquisition integrations.
Collaborated with Sales, Commercial Operations, Legal, Compliance, Medical Affairs, Executives, R&D, and Regulatory on the development and launch of medical devices used in reconstructive plastic surgery.
Managed industry tradeshows, KOL development, and events including ASRM/ASPN/AAHS, ASSH, AAOS, and AORN.
Supported a domestic sales team of 20 and an international distributor network with marketing tactics targeting HCPs in areas such as breast reconstruction, head/neck reconstruction, hand surgery, and nerve repair.
Managed design agency and other vendors on the design and layout of medical device product labeling, training materials, literature, advertising, and direct mail targeting HCPs.
Launched a Direct-to-Consumer campaign for autologous breast reconstruction awareness targeting women diagnosed with breast cancer.
Integrated Medical Systems International, Inc. (STERIS Instrument Management Services)
Director, Marketing Communications
2009 – 2012
Managed a $1M+ budget for a medical services company with $100M+ in annual revenue.
Supervised a team of four, including a Web Content Manager, Graphic Designer, Marketing Coordinator, and Communications Generalist.
Developed marketing communications media and promotional materials to effectively represent the company’s brand, products, and services.

Education
Bachelor of Science in Marketing, Troy State University

Skills

Strategic Marketing Planning
Go-to-Market Strategy
Content Marketing
Product Development
Customer Experience
Competitive Analysis
Sales Enablement
Team Leadership
Cross-Functional Collaboration
Brand Messaging
Customer Insights
Trend Spotting
Product Positioning
Market Segmentation
New Product Launches
Product Roadmapping
Lifecycle Marketing
Voice of Customer (VoC)
User Experience (UX) Design
Customer Journey Mapping
Sales Training and Support
Channel Marketing
Partner Relationship Management
Data-Driven Decision Making
KPI Tracking and Reporting
Negotiation
Industry Regulations
Compliance Standards
Contact this candidate