James F.Samson
ad73ys@r.postjobfree.com 651-***-**** www.linkedin.com/James-Samson

SUMMARY
Experienced technology professional with a proven track record in product management, project management, technology leadership, business analysis,and data engineering. Skilled in delivering pivotal projects on schedule and providing essential support to critical customer bases. Recognized for driving tangible results, enhancing product performance, and serving as a vital asset to organizations navigating periods of rapid growth.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Sportradar (formerly SportsData)
January 2016 – October 2023
Senior Product Manager/Product Owner-US Delivery

● Product owner,project manager,and technical subject matter expert for the US core API product offering as well as the underlying global content creation,management,and feed delivery system.
● Product owner,project manager,and technical subject matter expert leading a cross-functional team that built and supported a custom content creation system that drove a business vertical for a global Media organization.
● Business Analyst responsible for the creation and execution of test plans to ensure application functionality and stability as well as the accuracy and timeliness of all data deliverables.
● As the product manager,defined and led the execution of all changes and enhancements within the products under my ownership. Successfully transitioned multiple new products from concept to production,followed by consistent post- release support,maintenance,and continuous improvement.
● Business Analyst responsible for mapping and integrating all customer data during migration from third party CDN to in house CDN.
● Served as a dedicated technical and product specialist for enterprise-level customers,providing expert guidance and premium support throughout data mapping and API integration processes to ensure a seamless and exceptional experience.
● Provided comprehensive technical expertise across all Sportradar products,supporting the enterprise sales teams in delivering tailored solutions to clients.
● Played a crucial role in live event support during critical sports events, ensuring the optimal performance of products.
● Collaborated across various teams within the organization to define requirements, develop and execute
product roadmaps, and ultimately operationalize our data API products.

Sportradar (formerly SportsData)
October 2011 – January 2016
Director of Project Management

● Project manager, product owner, and technical subject matter expert for the US core API product offering as well as the underlying global content creation, management, and feed delivery system.
● Project manager,product owner, and technical subject matter expert leading a cross-functional team that built and supported a custom content creation system that drove a business vertical for a global Media organization.
● Acted as a dedicated technical and product resource for enterprise-level customers, contributing expertise and white-glove support during and post-integration to ensure a seamless experience.
● Provided comprehensive technical expertise across all Sportradar products, supporting the enterprise sales teams in delivering tailored solutions to clients.
● Provided second level support,using SQL,postman,and other tools and skills to identify and resolve data related issues.
● Served as a key resource within a founding team to grow the Sportsdata API product offering. This resulted in a successful acquisition by Sportradar in 2013.
● Functioned as a technical writer to create and maintain comprehensive technical documentation for all API products, ensuring clarity and accessibility for internal and external stakeholders.

Internet Broadcasting
March 2008 – October 2011
Manager-Business Systems / Business Analyst

● Manager and primary stakeholder for all critical business tools in-use across the organization. These tools were considered a vital role to support new sales and current clients including NBC(including NBC Sports and NBC Olympics), McGraw Hill, Hearst Television, and Fox.
● Led and actively participated in a cross-functional team of both full-stack and SalesForce developers along with business analysts.
● Collaborated with various department stakeholders and technical teams to ensure alignment and to develop and execute roadmaps for internal products.
● Developed and executed project plans for maintenance release projects,covering activities such as mockup design, story creation, estimation, and backlog grooming.
● Functioned as a business analyst in order to aid in execution of internal projects as well as to determine new initiatives.
● Assisted senior leadership by using SQL to analyze company data to ensure informed business decisions.

Adesso Solutions Inc(formerly Gelco Information Network)
April 2002 – March 2008
Lead Production Data Analyst/Application Developer

● Resolved daily application and data integrity issues,ensuring seamless operations.
● Analyzedandenhancedapplicationandbusinessprocessesforoptimalefficiency.
● CreatedandmonitoredSQLbasedapplicationbalancingandcontrolprocessestomaintaindata accuracy.
● AdministeredourreportingandBItoolstosupportinformeddecisionmaking.
● Collaborated with report writers,contributing to the design and development of custom client reports.
● Designed and developed custom client SQL based .csv files,meeting specific customer requirements.
● Led the project planning and execution to achieve bi-weekly maintenance release projects,ensuring timely delivery of enhancements and updates.

EDUCATION

Mini-Master of Project Management, University of St.Thomas, Minneapolis, MN
Oracle Certified Professional (DBA), Techskills, Bloomington, MN
Associates of Applied Science in Data Processing, Montana State University, Billings, MT
Associates of Applied Science in Word Processing, Montana State University, Billings, MT

SKILLS

Technical Product Management
Scrum Agile and Waterfall Methodologies
Technical Writing
Business/Data/Technical Analysis
Strong SQL Experience (Oracle,MSSQL,MySQL)
PL/SQL
Atlassian Suite (Confluence and Jira)
SaaS
Technical Project Management
Building strong relationships (even remote)
Strong verbal and written communication
Postman
Problem Solver
Strategic Product Planning
Microsoft Office(Word,Excel,etc.)
DaaS and APIs
Software Development Life Cycle
Contact this candidate