Contact
973-***-**** (Mobile)
ad76oa@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/peter-
gilman-710554a (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Analytics
Direct Marketing
Creative Direction
Peter Gilman
Product Development Manager, Catalog Business Manager at Better Trends, LLC
Oakland
Summary
Qualifications: Experienced, creative senior-level merchant with a consistently strong record of delivering top-line as well as bottom- line growth. Identifying new products and category opportunities. Catalog, Web and Retail. Team building and development. Skilled at accelerating web growth. Adaptive problem solver with a focus on EBITA.
National Sales Manager with a focus on catalog and web sales, Product Development Manager.
Experience
Better Trends, LLC
Product Development Manager, Catalog Business Manager January 2018 - April 2020 (2 years 4 months)
Somerset, New Jersey
Better Trends a manufacturer of home textile products since 1974. Product categories include, bedspreads, comforters, bath rugs, area/accent rugs, table linens and coir mats, hard home.
Reporting to the president. Responsible for developing products/promotions for each existing and new customers specific needs. Using store, catalog and web surveys to determine "white space" opportunities. Guide the design team, production team in India to create products for the US market. Work directly with our customers and our sales team on presentations, deliveries, packaging, quality and vendor compliance.
Haband Company - Division of Bluestem Brands
Vice President Merchandising, Home Division
2006 - January 2017 (11 years)
Mahwah, NJ
As part of the Executive Leadership Team, led and built successful Home Division with $40 million in sales demand. Categories include: domestics, electronics, health and beauty, food and candy, premiums, luggage, toys, Page 1 of 3
seasonal decor, home appliances, mens/ladies jewelry, kitchenware and gizmos also "As Seen on TV products."
• Home Division accounts for highest EBITA rate out of the 3 divisions and delivers the highest IMU.
• Led many new initiatives to help company achieve objectives, earned bonuses 2012 to 2015.
• Introduced 155 new products each year. Attended numerous trade shows.
• Dealt directly with factory agents, trading companies and importers. Visited factories in Asia.
• Sold products via 35 printed vehicles – catalogs and flyers, email campaigns and company website.
• Started a drop ship program in 2013 that has grown to $5 million (2016) in Home product sales.
• Provided monthly operational reporting to CEO and CRO (Chief Revenue Officer) .
Haband
18 years
Merchandise Manager – Home Division
2001 - 2006 (5 years)
Mahwah, NJ
Successfully leveraged unused capacity in existing Haband mens/ladies apparel catalogs and flyer mailings to justify the development of Home products as a seperate division with its own dedicated media. Division grew from $0 to $30 million within 5 years.
Buyer – Menswear and Premiums
1990 - 2001 (11 years)
Mahwah, NJ
Bought all categories within Menswear and Shoes, as well as Premiums (gift with purchase, $6 million incentive program) for the entire company. Visited factories in Sri Lanka, Pakistan and Bangladesh to oversee QC for men’s clothing.
One of the first to import "no duty programs" from South Africa reducing product costs by as much as 34%.
Associate Buyer – Men’s and Women’s Footwear
1988 - 1990 (2 years)
Mahwah, NJ
Used my mens and ladies shoe experience from Department stores to help the shoe buyer develop and manage a growing footwear department. Page 2 of 3
Alexander's Department Stores
Associate Buyer – Men’s Shoes
1982 - 1988 (6 years)
Greater New York City Area
Starting as a department manager at the Fordham Road (NYC) store and then was promoted to Associate buyer Mens shoes. Managed the department for a year after the senior buyer left for a new opportunity. New buys were made, inventory was managed and the department ran well, delivering budgeted sales for that year.
Education
The University of Texas at Austin
Bachelor of Science, Chemistry
Page 3 of 3
Contact this candidate