Michelle Harper
614-***-**** ad76kq@r.postjobfree.com Rossiter, Pennsylvania
SUMMARY
Seasoned Results Focused Senior Technical Program/Product Manager with experience in B2B technology product management. Proven track record in leading cross-functional teams and executing product roadmaps. Seeking to drive strategic decisions and innovative solutions at Wilbur-Ellis Company to elevate nonprofit fundraising technologies.
WORK EXPERIENCE
The Myers Briggs Company Remote
SENIOR DIRECTOR OF PRODUCT MANAGEMENT AND DESIGN Jan 2023 - Present Led a high-performing remote product management and design team of five, emphasizing collaboration and customer-centric product development. Redesigned 'Teams,' a digital learning experience, generating $170K in D2C sales within the first three months by leveraging MBTI® assessments for improved user personalization. Implemented a customer-driven development process, enhancing the product experience based on user feedback and analytics, leading to a 30% increase in customer satisfaction. Integrated AI into product offerings, significantly enhancing user engagement and providing innovative solutions, including mobile integration.
Utilized advanced data analysis techniques and qualitative research to uncover new market opportunities, which facilitated the introduction of innovative features that enhanced user engagement, raising customer satisfaction scores by 40%. Pragmatic Institute (formerly Pragmatic Marketing) Remote Director of Product Management, New Verticals, Data and Design Jan 2021 - Jan 2023 Pioneered the expansion into data and design verticals, generating over $1M in revenue in the first year by launching four new training courses for Fortune 500 companies, including mobile-friendly solutions.
Created Pragmatic’s first advisory boards in data and design, engaging industry leaders to advise and evangelize new course offerings.
Developed product strategy based on qualitative and quantitative research, collaborating with instructional designers to develop SME-driven content, with a focus on mobile accessibility. Implemented decision-making frameworks that encouraged the use of data-driven insights, improving team efficiency by 35% and fostering a culture of accountability and clear communication across all levels.
Nationwide Columbus, OH
SENIOR CONSULTANT, INNOVATION PRODUCT MANAGER Jan 2019 - Jan 2021 Acted as the product leader to manage the initiation and development of new products and promote key initiatives to address portfolio and company growth objectives through design thinking. Acted as product lead for the launch of a disruptive new mobile first consumer facing company named Spire Insurance designed for millennials, a base Nationwide does not typically serve. Worked effectively cross functionally across Nationwide, a $49B member organization, to execute market research, share insights and collaborate on numerous new strategic initiatives to drive innovation.
Led a highly successful design project for #CantStopColumbus to help Columbus City Schools creatively reimagine high school graduation during Covid-19 to create a unique unforgettable virtual experience. Provided leadership to individuals on team(s) through coaching, feedback, training, and performance management and helped lead the Product Management COP (community of practice). Instituted a B2B2C strategy that aligned customer and end-user needs, resulting in a 15% increase in customer retention rates and improved user experience across product offerings. SELF-EMPLOYED CONSULTANT
Product Management and Product Marketing Consultant Jan 2016 - Jan 2019 Operated as an independent product management and product marketing consultant working across many industries.
McGraw Hill Education Columbus, OH
SENIOR PRODUCT MARKETING MANAGER Jan 2013 - Jan 2015 Directed development, planning, and execution of strategy for products that generated nearly $300M revenue annually. Oversaw financial performance (P&L, budgets, forecasts) and drove plans for product positioning, requirements, pricing, promotions, and technology trends, led focus groups and developed competitive analyses.
Contributed to 200% increase (from $7M to over $21M) in Custom Publishing through development of marketing strategy (including demand generation, new campaigns), redesign of website, and creation of collateral, in 2014 directed launch of new digital self-publishing and open access platform direct to teachers and other education professionals called Create. Directed launch and positioning of new online Professional Development platform for teachers to master their own professional development across multiple portfolios at McGraw-Hill, leading to customer loyalty and retention in key accounts. Generated more than 20,000 active users within three months. Nominated as a CODiE finalist, 2015.
NewsBank Columbus, OH
SENIOR DIRECTOR OF PRODUCT Jan 2011 - Jan 2012
Spearheaded portfolio management for award-winning digital newspaper products. Drove sales and promotional strategies for broad and deep customer base (including academic, public libraries and K12) and developed product and market roadmaps for historical archive collections. Contributed to eight major product launches, including targeting, messaging and sales enablement. Reduced customer issues by more than 50% by implementing dramatic improvements to product quality and improving customer communication through white papers, webinars. Sales enablement tools and creative collaboration with sales and libraries on the ground helped generate over $850K in new revenue.
PRODUCT DIRECTOR Jan 2006 - Jan 2008
Drove concept and development of new online archival products, working with internal teams from Development, Media Services, Marketing Communications and Operations. Recognized with Charleston Advisor Reader’s Choice Award for Most Improved Product for managing product lifecycle and launch of cross-searchable interface for 1K+ digital newspapers. Product exceeded revenue projections by 10% in Year 1 and was named NYPL’s “Best of Reference” for 2007. Led the ETC (Enhancements, Training and Content) Outreach Program to ensure ongoing customer satisfaction & commitment (offered webinars on digitization, archives, content etc). This outreach program achieved a retention rate of nearly 100%.
OCLC Boulder, CO and Columbus, OH
DIRECTOR OF PRODUCT MANAGEMENT, NetLibrary Jan 2008 - Jan 2010 Drove launch of innovative technology products for 72K+ global library customers—led development, planning, and execution of strategy for multiple product lines, while controlling $40M P&L, as well as budgets and forecasts.
Led and hired a new product management team to help OCLC integrate NetLibrary offerings into Worldshare platform.
Repositioned Netibrary’s brand by engaging with thought leaders, speaking on industry panels, creating whitepapers and writing articles until the company was sold to EBSCO. Launched a new app that directly led to the recovery of a $6.5M revenue stream and helped secure strategic partnerships with leading market publishers. Increased the value of WorldCat through the addition of 17M+ records through the integration of OAIster while also increasing finding aids by 13% (to more than 92K) by creating and executing an acquisition plan for the ArchiveGrid database.
EDUCATION
The Ohio State University Fisher College of Business Columbus, Ohio Certification, Business and General Management
University of Michigan Ann Arbor, MI
Master of Arts, History (ABD)
College of William and Mary Williamsburg, VA
Bachelor of Arts, History and English (Phi Beta Kappa) University of Virginia Charlottesville, VA
Master of Arts, English
CERTIFICATIONS
Pragmatic Marketing Certified Level 5/Sequent Learning SKILLS
Qualitative Research New Product Launch Product Lifecycle Management Design Thinking Market Research Agile
Strategic Partnerships Problem Solving Project Management Data Analytics Business Development Data Analysis
Sales Enablement Communication Product Management
Contact this candidate