Steven Browning, Business Analyst
Kirkwood, MO **122 314-***-**** ad765o@r.postjobfree.com
linkedin.com/in/steven-browning-068336303

Highly experienced, hardworking, and reliable IT Business Analyst with strong ability in gathering complex business requirements, identifying roadblocks and risks, and providing support to team and clients. Offering Agile expertise and the ability to manage many projects simultaneously. Extensive experience in application development/programming. Highly organized and proactive with team-oriented mentality.

Core Competencies
Fluent in Agile (both JIRA & Rally Agile tools) and Waterfall project strategies
Technical skills Mainframe COBOL, JCL, DB2, SQL, CA-Endeavor, Expeditor
Microsoft Word and Excel
Self-Directed
Multitasking
Teamwork and Collaboration
Project Planning
Friendly, Positive Attitude
Interpersonal Communication
Active Listening
Troubleshooting
Customer Relations
Attention to Detail
Experience
Express Scripts/ Evernorth (Cigna), St Louis, MO (Pharmacy Benefit Manager) April 2016 - March 2024
Technical Product Owner (IT Business Analyst)
Oversaw team of up to five software engineers, project milestone completion and quality of work performed.
Gathered business requirements for client-requested functionality and collaborated with a team of developers and QA analysts, to implement successful products. Enhanced Express Scripts Drug Utilization Review Health & Safety application to include functional client clinical options.
Assigned specific tasks to personnel, balancing scheduling demands, available resources and personal skill sets to achieve best possible project outcomes.
Developed product roadmaps, strategies, and timelines for new products. Regularly new work evaluated as higher priority would precipitate a realignment of projects and their accompanying resources for the roadmap, the strategy and timelines for product delivery.
Coordinated the day-to-day activities of a cross-functional product development team. Lead a team of software engineers on updating an application that converted the application’s tables to DB2, resulting in the reduction of the amount of time required to load client data when sending large files. When this DB2 conversion was completed, it reduced the time of a 25M record file load from 3-4 days, down to 3-4 hours, saving the company large amounts of time and avoiding potential client abrasion. This also significantly improved point-of-sale performance in fetching the application’s data.
Provided technical guidance on product design, usability, scalability, performance, and security.
Communicated regularly with customers to understand their needs and develop solutions to meet them.
Led collaboration between teams from different departments to ensure successful delivery of projects.
Defined success criteria for each project milestone.
Evaluated feedback from customers regarding functionality issues or requests for enhancements. Discussed project details with the business owners and users of the applications that were affected by project changes and engaged them to initiate project requests for separate changes to improve the functionality of the system.
Demonstrated expertise in resourcing, scheduling, budgeting, risk management, and overall project leadership.
Translated Agile epics into stories to enable development teams to understand scope, and prepared user stories to support iterative delivery of product.
Maintained close connection with project personnel to quickly identify and resolve problems. Met with project personnel and business information holders on a regular basis to identify and clarify project issues. Met with application team daily to identify and answer questions on their work.
Defined scopes, managed resources, and oversaw schedules in line with stakeholder and project owner specifications.
Gathered business requirements, wrote Agile stories, developed business and test cases, assigned development tasks, oversaw timelines, coordinated QA efforts, held regular project meetings, and managed anything that effected the Patient Medical Profiles (PMP) application.
Managed product and project risks, scope changes, and other non-standard events throughout product planning and development.

Express Scripts Inc, St. Louis, MO March 1999 - April 2016
Programmer Analyst/Software Engineer
Analyzed user requirements, developed detailed system design specifications, and wrote program code for applications.
Tested, debugged, and corrected errors in programs to ensure accuracy and completeness. Regularly called off-hours to identify and provide solutions for production errors.
Maintained existing software systems by identifying and correcting software defects.
Prepared technical reports including flowcharts, diagrams, manuals, etc., related to programming projects.
Performed data analysis on large datasets using SQL queries and stored procedures.
Resolved issues reported by users in a timely manner while adhering to SLAs. With knowledge of the application and the data used in the application, production issues were resolved in a timely manner.
Tackled development tasks based on system requirements, and documented approaches.
Participated in team-oriented environments, working cohesively and successfully on multiple projects.
Reviewed project documentation and made important changes to match updates to project scope.
Drafted design objectives and system design documents.
Performed regression and performance tests for updated systems.
Oversaw deployment, configuration, and documentation procedures for COBOL, JCL.
Met and collaborated with clients in discussion sessions to make parties aware of project specifications pertaining to applications, databases, and systems.
Met with stakeholders, product teams, and customers throughout system development lifecycle.
Supported the DUR Health & Safety application that dealt with such elements on a drug claim as Drug-to-Drug Interactions, High Dose, Drug to Disease & Drug to Allergy. Enhancement to these elements provided more member safety when filing a claim.

Additional Experience
Bi-State Development Agency (Metro), St. Louis, MO (St. Louis Transit Authority)
Manager of Mainframe Development Team
Managed mainframe development team across multiple applications.

Bi-State Development Agency (Metro), St. Louis, MO
Programmer Analyst

OAO Corp., St. Louis, MO (IT Contractor to Army Logistics)
Programmer Analyst

Education and Training
Bachelor of Arts (BA) English Literature, University of Missouri, St. Louis St. Louis
Associate of Applied Science Computer Programming, Control Data Institute St. Louis
Contact this candidate