Tariq Newaz Denton, TX 469-***-**** ad7cgk@r.postjobfree.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/tnewaz/

Technical Leader Technical Professional Technical PRODUCT Manager- Strategy
Accomplished Sr Product Manager with a track record of driving product innovation and business transformation at fortune 500 companies. Expert in strategic planning and Agile project management, I excel in technical architecture and systems integration. My leadership in machine learning initiatives has significantly enhanced credit and collection decisions
Areas of Expertise
Communication, Leadership, Time Management, Organization, Strategic Planning & Analysis, Goal Setting, Technical Architecture, Convergys, Telegence, Amdocs, Remedy, Quality Center (HP), IT Strategic Planning, Ericsson CBiO Interface & Application Integration, Change Agent, Systems Integration, Agile Project Management, Data Conversions, Rally/CA Agile Expertise, Granite Inventory, Wireline, Kenan, Marconi (Ericsson), Openet, Digital Route, HP IUM, Order Management & Activation, Business Process Transformation, Business Intelligence (BI) Reporting, Advanced Data Quality - Pre & Post Paid, Agile & Waterfall Approaches, JIRA, TDP, Rally. Microservices with AWS Lambda, React, CACS X (Collection), ServiceNow, SaaS product management experience in an agile development environment.

Professional Experience
Infosys Consulting 2022 – 2024
Lead Business Analyst/ Sr Product Manager - Assigned with DirecTV Infosys Consulting
01/2022 – 02/2024
Project: BEST and OTC (DirecTV)
Product Vision, Roadmap and MVP for A new CART creation using REACT technology for new acquisition for Direct, Indirect and Digital Chnl. The product vision was to replace OPUS with a new front-end sales portal to take order and checkout end. Interaction with Credit Decision(HRC), Payment Gateway, STMS (Biller), CACS X etc.
Initiated a roadmap and integration plan for DIRECTV satellite and Preferred internet product
Leading the requirement gathering with DTV business OTC/Collections and BEST program
Managing the EPIC, Capability, features in JIRA Align
Present EPIC to the PI planning
Key liaison to achieve an on-time MVP launch
Implemented CGI/CACS X for DirecTV collection Platform
Implemented ServiceNow ITSM with DireccTV new sales platform (BEST
Lead Product Manager for Credit and Collection decision using Machine Learning.
Re-engineering the Online (Directv.com/B2C) to pay online and manage the account for the delinquent account (OTC Project).
Manage Backlog Features by using JIRA and JIRA align.
UAT participation and present to business.
Continued with Infosys
Client: Dish Network
Product Management OM and CPQ engagement and ServiceNow integration. 2020-2021
Product Strategy for 5G product development with Microservices, Microservices with AWS Lambda and delivery in DevOps Sec environment.
Product Vision, OM Framework, roadmap, and Order management product strategy for Dish.
Market Analysis and manage the EPIC based on product vision.
Responsible for the development of competitive cost cases for complex, multi-year opportunities which meet the customer’s requirements.
Propagate technical Infrastructure Services solution assets and best practices.
Product modeling focus with 5G technology.
MVNO/MNO services with Catalog and price plan concept.
Hensen/Sigma OM green field implementation.
Implemented ServiceNow ticketing tool for DISH incident management.
Daily presentation for progress, risk etc. to leadership.
Innovation and design slice composer for 5G IOT based product based on the current and future market.
AWS Lambda cloud implantation for Inter port services effort.
Managing the EPIC, Capability, features in RALLEY.
Continued with Infosys
Client: Verizon Business Sr. Product Manager 2019 – 2020
Partners with the business to drive the Product Vision, Product Strategy, Product Roadmap and align with IT
Oversee digital innovation, operating as a trusted coach and guide for staff teams and involved stakeholders
Estimate the LOE.
Liaise with Project Managers, Developers and system administrators to create, assess, test and launch phases of the SDLC
Create reporting tools and a data depository to measure procedural conformance and tool utilization via monthly metrics
Coordinate collaborative efforts of release, develop management standards, as well as identify new tools and technologies to develop release streams and builds
Oversee the release schedule and primary release milestones across programs, search and report on product release dependencies throughout projects.
Managing the EPIC, Capability, features in JIRA.
Leads the delivery of large and complex technology solutions by providing leadership in analysis, design, and project and product management.

AT&T Entertainment Group Delivery Sr. Technical Business Architect/ Product Management
Contracted by KPMG. 2017 – 2019
Manage ordering and product configuration, contracted by KPMG to manage critical defects and review all phases of the solution process.
Prepares high level solution design presentations for leadership review.
Partners with Senior leadership to define technology strategy approach for initiatives and to provide recommendations on scope delivery phasing/work streams
Oversee the architectural design of 6-7 large projects concurrently, all involving a heavy reengineering process
Approve solution estimation based on the design and submitted by the vendor
Lead DevSecOps onboarding for OMS and EPC/CPQ and Enterprise Table Management
Examine design documents and approve the solutions proposed by Amdocs
Designed and spearheaded the effort for an Independent Offer Management Platform (IOP) in Microservices
Played an integral role in the AT&T DirecTV conversion to a singular billing platform, one-enabler billing, OMS, CRM and EPC
Managing the EPIC, Capability, features in JIRA.

HCL America Product Management
Client: CenturyLink Order Management/ Ericsson Order Care and ServiceNow Implementation. 2016 – 2017
Managed the CRM product vision, Roadmap and MVP for Centruylink CRM project.
Serves as technical Product Manager (accountable IT representative) and is responsible for technical stewardship of largest initiatives.
Involved as a Product manager for ServiceNow ITSM tool used in change management.
For CenturyLink-BSS/OSS client, order care/management, fulfillment and Granite/Telcordia network inventory control
Supervised the Development Team during order management conversion using Agile and Scrum methodologies, utilized catalog-driven Ericsson Concept Wave order management tool with large telecoms based in the U.S.
Gathered requirements and managed product backlog
Forged working relationships in collaboration with the Ericsson Team to resolve design or development issues.
Leveraged Rally to support Agile development and continuous testing/delivery, created a traceability matrix using Rally as well
Managed the Design Review process to note design gaps and requirements provided by Ericsson.
Managing the EPIC, Capability, features in FFALLEY

EARLIER ROLES
Technical Business Analyst (Lead), US Cellular (Contract), 2014
T-MOBILE (CONTRACT) Solution Architect-BSS Solution Delivery Consultant 2014 – 2016
Frontier Telecom (Contract Architect – Wireline (CLEC) Billing Data Conversion (Consultant), 2010
T-Mobile: Lead Business Intelligence and Data Quality (Consultant) 2010 – 2014
CLEARWIRE (CONTRACT) Technical Business Analyst (VoIP - CRM), OMS and EPC (Consultant) 2009 – 2010
SPRINT CORPORATION Principal Architect (Sr. Manager) – Mediation and Usage/Roaming Partner 2004 – 2008
Senior Technical Business Analyst – Wireline Billing Conversion (Consultant), Puerto Rico Telecom (Contract), 2008 – 2009
Sr. Architect – Mediation, M2M and Mobile Payment (Consultant), AT&T Mobility (Contract), 2008
Business/Systems Analyst – Unified Billing Platform, Sprint Corporation, 2000 – 2004
Software Engineer, Sprint Corporation, 1999 – 2000
Database Administrator – DBA (Consultant), MCI/WorldCom, 1997 – 1999

Education & Credentials
Bachelor of Science, Southeastern Oklahoma State University, May 1997
Safe Agile 6.0 Certificate. ID 598*****-****
Certified SAFe 6 Product Owner/Product Manager CERTIFICATE ID: 256*****-****

Note: US Citizen
Contact this candidate