Keith Berman

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Keith Berman is a Senior Engineering Manager and Principal Product Manager of Commercial Analytics with previous experience as a solutions architect and IT technical lead. Experienced developing visions and strategy, designing, developing and leading Global Commercial enterprise application development and Product Management teams.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Product Management
Project Management
Customer Analytics
Lab Xray/Imaging
Salesforce
Tableau
Adobe Analytics
Google Big Query
Mobility
Scaled Agile PI
Agile/Scrum
Aha
JIRA
SAP Hana
Lean training
Spotfire

EXPERIENCE
Bayer Crop Science — Global Lab Adv Tech Prod Platform Lead Project Manager
March 2023 – Present

Lead a team of strategic lab product managers and matrixed advanced product development team members for lab product platform development and global deployment handoff,
Deploy key advanced technology/quality testing and quality assurance process changes to streamline lab operations and enable product release decisions,
Ensure resource alignment for quality lab programs across lab, field program needs, project leads, and ensure that key dependencies are considered for overall product deployment success across regions.
Communicate persuasive advanced technology proposals to key Seed Production leaders to gain support for development, launch, and maintenance strategy for new technologies.
Manage budget, resources, roadmaps and strategy planning and timelines.

Principal / Senior Enterprise Product Manager BI Analytics and Insights
December 2019 - March 2023

Partnered with Commercial IT Strategy and Business COE and regional stakeholders to develop strategy, define global capabilities and roadmaps around customer and partner analytics for the marketing and sales teams. Included design and development of digital products to support discovery and self-service BI and predictive analytics, generation and visualization of key KPIs to reduce churn, increase sales and improve NPS across Seed, Crop and Climate Crop Science. Platforms include Tableau, Google Big Query, Adobe Marketing Cloud, Salesforce and SAP Hana / Data.One. Using SAFE methodology and PI Planning.
Project management included managing resources, funding and financing, statemens of work with vendors, and project planning using Aha, PowerPoint and Smartsheets.
Development manager – development manager for 10 person IT team, managing IT designs, best practices in DevOps, and managing relationships with vendors.
Group Product Manager leader role – manage product manager, product specialist, agile and design teams to deliver digital products to support analytics, insights and customer experience.

Outcomes achieved include

Delivered self-service BI and Analytics capabilities to the European Finance team by enabling bi-directional integration of Google big query data along with data security, governance and catalog. Included train the trainer programs and blueprint for Global expansion.
Global rollout of customer prioritization, churn, nps, rfm insights to 7 countries to support sales and market planning process/prioritization, realization of $4M sales by 1% churn reduction in 2020.
Launch of VOC to 28 countries, covering 76% revenue, capturing 46 keys insights in real time, leading to 52 actions to enhance CX. Savings in approximately $900k in 2021.
Launched Strategic Marketing Insights in Tableau to 104 countries, 500+ users, over 3 months. Realized $200k savings in 2021 and targeted $8M saving by end of 2022.
Completed discovery and implementation of simplification and modernization of Commercial Insights. Targeted of 58 application with savings of $168k in 2021 and estimated $650k savings over 3 years.

Group Product Manager Global Customer
June 2017 – November 2019

Manage team of product managers that support Global Customer Commercial Crop Science strategy initiatives including CRM and customer experience. Responsibilities include managing roadmaps, setting priorities and backlogs for DevOps teams in Agile environment, meeting with business and users to define capabilities and managing budgets. Technology included Jira, Aha, Spotfire, Tableau, AWS, Teradata, APIs, Salesforce, Kafka, Adobe Experience Manager. This project won the Value Award recipient for operational excellence for all of Monsanto IT.
Experienced with global customer analytics for growers and dealers. Enabled automation of analytics that include RADL, churn, predicted order data and probability of purchase. Built insights that allowed sales and marketing teams to target customers.
Group Product manager for America’s Farmer Product in Salesforce with capabilities to manage contests for the Grow Communities, Grow Rural Education, and Grow Ag Leaders programs. This project was also nominated for an IT Value Award.
Chief Product Owner and Scrum Master for enterprise product development of multi-million-dollar projects to enable automation of complex analytics. Team consisted of multiple Product Managers and Product Owners representing 7 teams that included the collection of data from multiple countries, ingestion of data into data assets, generation of analytics models in AWS using R-script, persistence of data onto Kakfa and display of the data and insights on dashboards and Salesforce products.

Monsanto — Solutions Architect Commercial
April 2012 – June 2017

IT Solutions Architect for Global Commercial team. Projects includes solutions architecture for multimillion-dollar projects for dealer facing sales tools to enable OTC and Inventory management processes on Salesforce focusing on Ordering and Inventory Management. Solution included design of Salesforce UI and Objects as well as integration to Oracle and SAP backend using CastIron and Data Power. Integrated DocuSign business process from SAP to Salesforce for Contracts. Other major capabilities included demand resource planning, invoice and billing, reporting, sales forecasting and mobility. Brands include Channel, Wheat and WITS cross brand inventory management. Worked with usability team to follow Human Center Design approach to create enhanced user experience. This project won the Value Award recipient for operational excellence for all of Monsanto IT.
Architect and development lead for multiple Native IOS iPad applications with integrated Bluetooth bar code scanner, to support Inventory management for the dealers. Application leveraged Restful APIs provided from the Salesforce instance to extend functionality from Sales Force Order and Inventory management system. Designed deployment strategy, security API strategy, notification strategy, analytics (gathering and reporting), usability assistance for Human Center Design, training and developed POC to prove out technology (both Native and Hybrid).
Presenter - presented solution at Dreamforce 2015 conference in San Francisco.
Solutions Architect for US Commercial projects. Projects included cross brand marketing programs and sales enablement projects to enable sales information to be viewed on iPad for Field Sales and Dealers. Designed architecture around Salesforce integrating with backend Oracle and SAP CRM and Financial systems.
Attended Dreamforce 2012 and 2013 conference with focus on Salesforce mobility, chatter, Salesforce1 as well as integration and security.
Participated in business process design and simplification process to consolidate and streamline multi-brand portfolio for US. This involved mapping out the processes and building common processes across brands. Then responsible for building conceptual architecture to implement this strategy as part of a long-range plan.
Worked on project to build enterprise integration platform for Salesforce partners to backend Oracle and SAP systems using Oracle ESB and Jitterbit integration systems.

Technical Java Lead US Commercial
September 2008 – April 2012

Technical lead for Monsanto external facing Internet applications group. Responsibilities include managing all support and projects, resources, working with project managers and BAs on priorities and resources. Lead a team of 6 people, 5 of which were offshore resources.
Technical lead for Business Plans project. This project was a re-write of an existing application using Adobe Flex 4.5 and AIR for offline capabilities. Also developed and managed the project for deploying this application as a mobile application for the iPad.
Technical lead for Corn States Simplification Customer Facing Capital project. This was a million-dollar funded project for a billion dollar a year business. The project consisted of re-designing and creating 4 applications to support the Monsanto Corn States business for ordering and tracking sales of the traits and genetics. Role was tech lead for all development teams, Java, SAP and web services as well as responsibility for defining and tracking iterations and reporting status to all teams and project manager. Other duties included active participation in load testing and user acceptance testing. This project won the Value Award recipient for operational excellence for all of Monsanto IT.
Technical lead on the Channel Strategy and APEX payment applications. These applications allow Monsanto internal account managers the ability to store their business plans for all dealers selling seed, report on all levels of information about sales and forecasts and manage all payments to dealers for meeting sales incentives. Tools used included JProfiler and AOP to help identify memory issues and track user usage of application.
Technical lead on various Harvest applications (Protocol Planning and Trait Pricing). These applications allowed Monsanto to schedule the plot trial for a planning year as well as forecast and set their trait prices across the country. Worked with IT lead, business analysts and database team to drive requirements, determine estimates, schedule resources and deliver 2-week development iterations for user testing. This was also the first project to use integrated SAP SOAP web services and WAM authentication.
Promoted new technologies such as Adobe Flex Air by creating a POC and presenting it to the architect and business IT teams.
Lead team to investigate and enhance overall requirements gathering and testing process across IT. This included presenting the problem to Technical Leads, developer and Team leads, discussing the issues, creating and evaluating a survey and reporting findings to process and test teams.

Consultant
July 2005 – September 2008

Worked in SOA environment implementing and writing various web services that Update and Retrieve data from an Oracle database.
Created web-based reports and user input applications using Struts framework. Reports include use of Tags, Custom Tags, AJAX, JSTL, POI for Excel and DHTML. Participated in analysis, design, coding and testing phases of these projects.
Responsible for gathering requirements, creating estimates, design documents and developing forecasting application on the intranet.
Utilized test driven development methodology by applying test first programming and refactoring techniques.

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Industrial Engineering
University of Illinois at Champaign – Urbana, Illinois

PROFESSIONAL / TRAINING
Presenter - LAFM (Lab Asset & Facility Management) conference – November 2023

US Leading Team Culture – September 2022

Udacity Data Product Manager Nanodegree – August 2021

People Leadership Training series (I,II,III) – 2017 – 2019

Salesforce
Tableau conference 2019
Dreamforce (2013/2014/2015) - presenter at Dreamforce 2015
Salesforce Admin
Tableau – Getting Started with Tableau and Prep

Data Science
Coursera - Data Management and Visualization

IBM’s Business Process Management (BPM)
WODM training - 2012

Adobe Flex
Adobe Flex 4: Best Practices and Data Integration - 2011

SAP
WebDynpro/Dreamweaver Portal training - 2007

Agile Solutions Group
Test Driven Development (Test First and Refactoring), 2006
Monsanto Certified in Test-First Development, 2006

IconMedia Lab
Establishing Robust Software Architecture, 2007
Center for the Application of Information Technology (CAIT)
Washington University, St. Louis
Use Case Workshop, 2008
C# Programming, 2009
Fundamentals of .NET, 2011
Enterprise Java Beans, 2009
Object Oriented Analysis and Design, 2009

DigitalThink (on-line training)
Java 2 Certification for Programmers, 2009
Contact this candidate