Victor Olotu

PRODUCT OWNER / MANAGER AGILE PROJECT MANAGER AGILE COACH / AWS SOLUTIONS ARCHITECT
574-***-**** / ad7gqu@r.postjobfree.com
Cloud Architecture, Cloud infrastructure, Amazon Web Services, SAFe® Principles, Lean-Agile Management, Project Management, Agile Transformation, Waterfall & Agile Approaches, Strategic planning, Process Improvement, Cost Estimation, Automation, Dependency & Risk Management, Information Radiator, Continuous Improvement, Agile Coaching, Product Roadmap & Development, Agile Maturity, Change Agent, Human Centered Design, Stakeholder Engagement, Requirements Lifecycle, User Stories and Process Mapping, Budgeting & costing, Project Documentation, Product Design, Product Strategy, Product Launch, Product Life Cycle, Product Research, Product Discovery, Product Road Mapping, Customer Journey Mapping, User Experience Best Practices, Risk/Change Management, Automation, Business Intelligence, Critical Thinking, Design Thinking, Value Stream Mapping, Cross Functional Supervision, Sprint Planning, Estimation Workshops, Sprint Review, Retrospective, Project Scheduling, Stakeholder Engagement, Budgeting & costing, Project Scheduling, Team Management, Risk/Change Management, Process improvement, Sprint Planning, Daily stand-ups.

13 years of experience: Expert in agile and waterfall methodologies, known ability to produce high-quality products and deliverables.
Product Ownership / Management: A leader in driving feature awareness and product utilization. I implement product discovery, design, research, market leading road map and launch strategies. I shaped go to market and customer facing documentation strategies, prioritized innovations, gathered user feedback, and advocated user needs.
Solutions-driven Product Owner / Agile Coach: Led cross-functional teams and drove Business Consulting, Process Innovations, Risk and Compliance, Product Development, Application Technology
End-to-end Project Management: Including stakeholder engagement, project feasibility, benefits value mapping, team management, risk/change management, delivery reports
Translated business requirements and/or initiatives into a conceptual solution: Described through Epics and Stories and application of abstraction to ensure the right level of details to the key stakeholders.

Technology Summary
SAFe, Scrum, Agile, Kanban, ScrumXP, Scrumban, Waterfall,
JIRA, Azure DevOps, Aha!, Confluence, Miro, Ideaboardz, Risk register, Dependency mapper, Angora, AWS, Spring, RDBMS, GitHub, Visual Studio Code, AWS.
.

Experience

SKILLABLE / Learn on Demand Systems ( https: www.skillable.com ) December 2022 – September 2023 PRODUCT MANAGER / SCRUM MASTER

Responsibilities:

Engaged teams and stakeholders in product discovery and research. I collaborated and partnered with prospective users and clients to understand and anticipate their needs and I translated them into product requirements.
Defined the vision for my team’s product and created a roadmap based on the vision.
I created features, epics and user stories using the INVEST criteria.
I managed the product backlog effectively using the DEEP criteria and prioritized it based on changing requirements, using the MoSCoW model.
Reviewed and contributed to the Implementation and support processes, writing and approving internal and customer-facing documentation, and contributing to a product development lifecycle that produces high quality, consistency, high customer satisfaction, and on-time/on-budget deliverables.
Oversaw all stages of product backlog creation including design and development.
Centralized all goals, initiatives, epics, features, and requirements in Aha!, according to our standard processes, and creatively contribute to improving these standards
Monitored and evaluated product progress at each stage of product development lifecycle, and I liaised with the product team and end users to deliver updates.
Worked day-to-day with others in the Product Group and content development teams to document best practices for creating scored labs across all product lines (high-stakes and/or low-stakes), consistently refining as we plan and release new capabilities.
Aha! board management. Consistently iterated roadmaps in Aha!, clearly communicated details of the product roadmap, and maintained constant synchronization with Azure DevOps.
Led coaching sessions with customer-facing employees, contracted Lab Authors, and customers/prospects to convey the “why, what, and how” of building scored labs.
Reflected and radiated metrics such Lead Time, Cycle Time, revenue increase, increase in signups for our products, increase in customer satisfaction rates through NPS, e.t.c.
Played the role of a subject-matter expert and participated with management and teams in developing and improving operating policies and procedures.
Worked with the scrum teams to prioritize features to be considered in scrum cycles and participated in Scrum Meetings and Sprints.
Managed program-level coordination and effectively undertook tasks such as:
oCreation of timelines, setting milestones, and cadence of scrum cycles and releases
oOversight into the development of reports and analysis of document project activity.
Streamlined decision making by focusing on decisions and not on discussions, making decisions stick, putting real choices on the table, measuring the real value of every item on the agenda, dealing with operations separately from strategy and making decisions stick.

CREATIVEXONE Ltd September 2013 – November 2022 PRODUCT MANAGER / AGILE PROJECT MANAGER

Responsibilities:

Led product research, market research and product differentiation efforts and helped create customer centric products.
Coordinated with the EPMO to secure necessary resources and managed them effectively within project.
Provided regular status updates and reports to the EPMO, highlighting progress, risks, and issues.
Identified, assessed, and mitigated risks within projects, escalated significant risks to the EPMO as needed.
Engaged with stakeholders following the guidelines and strategies set by the EPMO, I ensured their needs and expectations were managed.
Worked within the portfolio constraints, I understand how projects fit into the larger portfolio managed by the EPMO.
Maintained compliance within projects and I was always ready and prepared for audits by the EPMO or external bodies.
Ensured project objectives and outcomes were in line with the broader strategic goals defined by the EPMO.
Played a key role in developing the go to market strategy for different products, and defined product market communication objectives.
Conducted competitor research and provided management with analyses and reports.
Developed product roadmap, developed features and user stories using Jira and Confluence.
Managed the Product Backlog using the DEEP criteria, and I prioritized PBIs using MoSCoW model, Kano Model, Opportunity Scoring, e.t.c.
Conducted market research and validation, and product discovery activities.
Drove value-delivery and continuously improved the product by effectively utilizing data such as feedback and metrics like quality, delivery rate, etc., to identify opportunities.
Created strategies that fostered individual interactions among team members and management, and strategies that encourage good communication and collaboration with clients and customers.
Ensured INVEST criteria is met for all the user stories in backlog.
Effectively supported the Delivery Squad through changes in objectives and re-prioritization of requirements.
Simplified and created a streamlined reporting structure such as automated dashboards and automated subscription model reports in JIRA.
Simplified and streamlined documentation to maximize transparency, inspection and adaptation using confluence and confluence compatible third-party applications.
Conducted periodical reviews to constantly allocate and reallocate resources to prevent many people from working on similar issues. This involved a case-by-case analysis of the different problems as per Agile principles.
Fostered open communication among teams and stakeholders to increase transparency and awareness towards progress and roadblocks.
I designed planning and decision making to rapidly test and learn, recognizing that plans do sometimes fail, even the best plans.
Applied human centered design (Empathize, Define, Ideate, Prototype, Test, Implement)
Facilitated all Scrum Events including the Sprint, Sprint Planning, Daily Scrum, Sprint Review, Sprint Retrospective, Product Backlog Refinement. Workshops with stakeholders.
JIRA admin activities for teams (created boards, workflows, filters, dashboards, reports using JQL.)
Planned and tracked sprints closely and helped the team to focus on commitments & delivery.
Organized & facilitated Team and organization Agile maturity.
Facilitated retrospectives using innovation games techniques and closure of action items on improvements.
Prepared various automated dashboards in Jira which reflected risks, dependencies, and impediments.

MARKAT August 2012 – September 2013 PROJECT MANAGER
Responsibilities:

Responsible for delivering projects against agreed scope, budget, schedule & customer expectations. Doing this whilst supervising, directing & motivating teams of multi-discipline contractors & employees.
Monitored project risks and scope creep to identify potential problems and proactively identifying solutions to address them in advance.
Escalated promptly any issues that may impact operations.
Produced stage plans, highlight reports, risk logs, requests for change etc.
Provided strategic direction during the implementation stages.
Managed client expectations by ensuring the delivery of the highest quality service.
Acted promptly on client feedback.
Monitored staff & team performance.

Education

Keller Graduate School of Management, Tinley Park, IL – MBA. Master of Business Administration
Keller Graduate School of Management, Merrillville, IN – MIS. Master of Information Systems Management
University of Ibadan, Ibadan, Nigeria – BLIS. Bachelor of Library and Information Science.
Nigerian Institute of Management - Certificate of Proficiency in Management
Contact this candidate