Systematic Product Owner with a detail-oriented and thorough approach to defining requirements, outlining specifications, and working with team members to bring to life high-quality products for customers. Good planner and problem-solver with in-depth understanding of Financial and Health Care products. Ready to offer 13 years of experience and take on a dynamic new position.

Skills

Story planning
Technical expertise
Scrum methodology
Agile frameworks
Problem identification
Risk Assessments
Stakeholder relationship management
Enhancements
Specifications
Support documents
Design process
Monitoring and reporting
Troubleshooting
Product Management
Mockups and prototypes
MS Office
Training and Development
Good Telephone Etiquette
Planning and Coordination

Work History

2022-07 – 2023-11 Product Manager
Blue Cross Blue Shield (HCSC)
Richardson, TX
Oversaw entire product deployments from vision and creation to rollout and delivery for Coverage and Spending on the Members Web and Application for all Lines of business including Group, Commercial, Government and Retail members.
Owned and prioritized product backlog for the benefit and spending pages on the app and web.
Managed implementation of new features by outlining plans and specifications such as how, where and when each component would work.
Focused on building critical features up front to identify constraints and technical challenges.
Collaborated with development team on services and tasks.
Coordinated with software developers to create custom applications and trackers to achieve client goals.
Contacted proper stakeholders to share changes to project scope and timelines.
Managed multiple projects effectively in demanding environment with tight deadlines.
Actively listened to customers' requests, confirming full understanding before addressing concerns.
Coordinated design meetings and decisions with internal departments and teams.
Communicated effectively with team members to deliver updates on project milestones and deadlines.
Established criteria for each milestone within product roadmap as mean to measure developmental progress.

2021-04 – 2022-05 Product Owner
Supreme Lending, Dallas, TX
Oversaw entire product deployments from vision and creation to rollout and delivery for Loan Origination tool (Encompass).
Owned and prioritized product backlog for Encompass.
Managed implementation of new features by outlining plans and specifications such as how, where and when each component would work.
Focused on building critical features up front to identify constraints and technical challenges.
Collaborated with development team on services and tasks.
Coordinated with software developers to create custom applications and trackers to achieve client goals.
Contacted proper stakeholders to share changes to project scope and timelines.
Managed multiple projects effectively in demanding environment with tight deadlines.
Actively listened to customers' requests, confirming full understanding before addressing concerns.

2009-11 – 2021-04 Product Manager
JP Morgan Chase, Plano, TX
Managed, led, supervised, and was the primary point of contact for the SAP Business Warehouse (Financial Data Warehouse (FDW/BW) product team that supported SAP and non-SAP business and technology areas in their financial planning, data discovery, financial and policy reporting, including the Financial Close.
Collaborated with Directors, Product Owners/Managers, business partners, the SAP vendor, and stakeholders to create, establish, and manage a business-driven vision, strategy, KPIs and roadmap for the SAP BW product for data warehousing, financials, and reporting functions.
Drove product development/releases by maintaining the product backlog and wrote the SAP BW product’s features/epics, user stories, and accepted features as done in the JIRA board.
Compiled product and customer data to generate informed profit projections.
Documented user stories, specifications, and product features into detailed work order to communicate across teams and build mandatory requirements.
Coordinated design meetings and decisions with internal departments and teams.
Communicated effectively with team members to deliver updates on project milestones and deadlines.

Education
2003-01 – 2007-05 Bachelor of Arts: Marketing
University of Phoenix – Tempe, AZ

Certifications
2021-06 Certified Product Owner, Scrum Alliance
2018-05 Project Management Certification, University of Phoenix
2003-01 Licensed Real Estate Salesperson-Jan 2003 to December of 2007
Contact this candidate