Ansdale- (Dale)
Dharmaraja
Contact
Phone: 917-***-****
Email: ad7ojh@r.postjobfree.com
Residence: Edgewater, NJ

A driven, energetic, and
enthusiastic team-player
and excellent in
communication, negotiation
and presentation skills and
strive for customer
satisfaction. A back-ground
in achieving results by
maximizing the resources
available and contributing to
the growth of the
organization whilst
achieving personal growth.

Professional Experience
Fashion Industry Consultant in sourcing, Innovation, ideation, design and product development for US and Overseas companies (Startup to mid tier since 2015).
Freelance Consulting in providing service on Technology to clients from IT/ technology help, solutions and help staff with program training.
Helping with company startups, Employees, Building company strategies, payroll and insurance. Help on retail strategies.
Member and freelance advisory to the Saving the garment industry in New York since 2015. Working with NYS, NYC and EDC to help small businesses/ brands to blossom the ideas from ideation to execution.
Managed Internships for Limited Brands and PVH Technical Design and Production)
Launch a Tea Brand in the US. Opened and operated its first tea boutique in Tribeca/ Soho, New York from 2010 - January 2015. Launched in Whole Foods, Exclusive restaurants and merging into Boutique hotels.
Year 2010 - Appointed as Commissioner to set up a non-profit organization
“Colors of Courage USA” affiliated with Colours of Courage Sri Lanka to support the Sri Lankan Government Cancer Hospital. The overall collection worldwide was
$2 million for a Pediatric cancer hospital in the north of Sri Lanka.
2007-2014, Set up MAS Design New York office. Head of US operations for Design and Product Development. Set up a complete entity from Legal procedures, work visas, accounting process and recruiting a design team to support Victoria’s Secret external design. Expanded intimate design capabilities to Gap body and Soma Intimates, JC penny and Calvin Klein.
Managed the US operation P&L and secured a business of - $41 million dollars.
2007 (January – September) Worked as project manager with/at Victoria’s Secret as the Manager for design and product development collaboration with Mast Industries, South Asia. To support the vendor base along for Life style design development and technical capabilities.
MAS Design Business Manager for Victoria’s Secret ( 2003 to 2006) 1. Managed the budget and sales turnover. Business growth from $3 million to
$14.5 million.
2. Confidentially managed the first pilot for VS Pink before debut as a brand. 3. Total Responsibility for Product development/ technical management/ Sourcing of Materials/ Pre-Production and Bulk production. 4. End 2 End Process set up.
Linea MAS (2003) - Set up Product development, Merchandising and managed the transition of key accounts from manufacturing entity’s. (Victoria’s Secret, Gap inc, Next and Tesco UK
MAS Unichela – Head of the product development team ( 2001 – 2002)
Key areas of responsibility, Sourcing of raw materials, Costing of product and sampling process. ( Next, Sara Lee Courtaulds – Marks & Spencer and BHS) AUSTRALIA & USA
Donna Karen Jeans/ Liz Claiborne – Worked as a free lance technician for the brand in NY 2000- 2001.
Worked at Global Rags Apparel, Melbourne Australia in the capacity of Manager Production Operations 1999- 2000
Worked at the Bridal Expo and The Euro Fashion Parade ( 1999 & 2000) in Melbourne, Australia as a back stage organizer for designer collections.
Member of the Melbourne Wool Festival Organizing committee. (2000)
Successfully launched a project for young designers at Jockey Australia themed for Novelty Socks. (1999). Sponsored by Dunlop Pacific, Australia.
Worked in the Technical team of MAST Hong Kong (1997)
MAS Shadowline Private limited – Joined the organization in 1992 and continued service until 1998.
- Changed positions to production assistant/ supervising sewing machinist at manufacturing plant.
- Work Study officer while following the Engineering program. (1993- 1995)
- Head of Planning and Production operations for Shadowline & Shadeline
(1996- 1998)
- Initial Team to set up panty manufacturing in the Maldives – 1995
- A new venture “Shadeline PVT Limited” was set up in the country-side of Sri Lanka. The opportunity to be part of the main stream team to setup processes while planning of production for Sleepwear.
Trained at Possibility Trading Company ( Dillards Buyer representation) in Colombo, Sri Lanka in product Quality control for Dillards brand (1992). Education
2005 - Doug Adams leadership Program (a Harvard Business program) in Sri Lanka.
2000 - Associate Degree in fashion Design/ product Development and Clothing Industry Studies in Melbourne Institute of Technology (MIT) which formulated to RMIT University, Australia.
1996- Management Services Certificate stage at the Institute of Management Services, Sri Lanka branch.
1993 – Two year program in Engineering Management affiliated with Ohio State University, USA and was conducted at the vocational training institute in Colombo, Sri Lanka (Work measurement, manufacturing operations set up, maintenance and time management through work placement).
1992 – Production Supervisory and quality control for the sewing industry.
(Clothing Industry Training Institute of Sri Lanka).
Completed my secondary education at Trinity College, Kandy, Sri Lanka
Contact this candidate