ROSEBUD ONABANJO
San Jose, CA, ***** 281-***-**** ad7p9p@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/rosebudonabanjo SUMMARY
A Product Manager with a robust background in product and program management, with extensive experience in a Startups, Fintechs, B2B SaaS, API technology,and telecommunications sectors. My expertise includes Agile development, Scrum methodologies, and Six Sigma principles, enabling me to deliver data-driven solutions effectively.
EDUCATION:
Harrisburg University of Science and Technology Pennsylvania, USA October 2026 Master of Science in Project Management- Cybersecurity Texas Tech University Texas, USA May 2021
Master of Engineering in Engineering Management
Relevant Coursework: Decision Theory, Risk Modelling, Project Management, Data science for Technical managers Organizations: National Society of Black Engineers (Apex Scholar), Advanced Women in Tech (Member), Associate of International Product Marketing & Management(Member)
University Of Lagos Lagos Nigeria
Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering
Relevant Coursework: Process Control, Process Control, Design Project December 2016
TECHNICAL SKILLS AND PROFICIENCIES:
Skills: Cloud Computing, Devops, Agile and Scrum, Vendor Management, Product Development, Data Analysis, Third Party Security, Risk Management, Market Analysis and Pricing, Technical Writing. Tools: JIRA, Miro, Power BI, Slack, Zenhub, GitHub. Other Technologies: REST APIs, IBM Cloud, AWS.
CERTIFICATIONS AND TRAINING
● Professional Scrum Master I(PSM I) ●AWIT Cloud Product Management ●Personnel and Third Party Security Specialization
● IBM Agile, and Scrum, Devops Essentials and Cloud Computing Specialization ● SQL●Six Sigma Yellow Belt EXPERIENCE:
Termii Group Product Manager - Vendor Management and Compliance March 2023 - July 2024 San Jose, California
● Automated Vendor Crediting: Engineered and implemented an automated system for crediting third-party vendor balances using advanced scripting and automation tools, resulting in an 80% improvement in Termii's business objectives achievement.
● REST API Integrations: Successfully managed 10-15 third-party system integrations utilizing REST APIs, driving a 65% enhancement in Termii's operational efficiency and scalability.
● Vendor Report Analysis: Conducted comprehensive data analysis and reporting on third-party vendor performance, leveraging SQL and data visualization tools, which contributed to a 500% increase in Termii's Annual Recurring Revenue (ARR).
● Pricing Strategy Development: Collaborated with the Sales Team to develop and implement dynamic pricing models for third-party vendors, utilizing data-driven insights and competitive analysis, leading to a 75% increase in Termii's profit margins.
● Telco Issue Resolution: Diagnosed and resolved 20-30 complex telecom-related issues, including downtime and traffic congestion, using network monitoring tools and performance optimization techniques, significantly enhancing delivery rates and customer satisfaction. Associate Product Manager - Mobile App September 2022 - February 2023
● Market Research and Competitive Analysis: Executed a detailed competitive market research analysis of Termii’s mobile authentication product feature called Termii Go (termii.com/termii-go), utilizing industry benchmarking and SWOT analysis, which established a distinct go-to market strategy, increased profitability, and enhanced product value.
● Product Requirement Documentation: Authored comprehensive Product Requirement Documents (PRDs) for TermiiGo App and other future product features, incorporating user flow using Miro, user stories, detailed specifications, and acceptance criteria. This meticulous documentation facilitated robust feature design and enhanced overall product functionality.
●Agile and Scrum Implementation:Led daily Scrum meetings, sprint planning, and sprint retrospectives. Created product roadmaps using Jira to track the
continuous improvement of Termii’s existing products and the development of new features, resulting in a reduced time to market.
●Content Writing and Blog Articles - Authored a release note for the Termii Mobile app authenticator feature and coordinated with the growth team to publicize the feature on Termii's blog and website. Associate Product Manager Intern October 2021 - September 2022
● Worked with Termii's product team to Launch new products and features, test their performance, and iterate quickly for more than 16,000 customers across multiple countries.
● Conducting market research and competitive analysis,
● Executing detailed competitive market research analysis of Termii's product features,
● Developing comprehensive PRDs incorporating user flows, stories and criteria for products.
● Supporting product teams in making data-driven decisions to drive product success. VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE:
Bethel of San Jose Mentor and Coordinator February 2023 - Present
● Researched and implemented new ways to improve communicating lessons to toddlers, this led to 85% participation in all lessons.
● Directed feedback survey for junior teachers, which resulted in the improvement of process workflow and commitment.
Contact this candidate