Earl Kelican, Jr
New Oxford, PA, ***** 443-***-**** mailto:ad7pwj@r.postjobfree.com
Engineering Manufacturing Program Management
Experience and Qualifications Snapshot
Provide Technical Leadership of the consumer and tradesman power tool categories for the Outdoor Products SBU. Interface cross functionally with Marketing, Manufacturing, Finance, and Engineering Support Groups to lead product development teams from initial concept, through development and into commercialization of high-volume manufacturing consumer and professional products.
Key Areas of Expertise
Product Development – Design for Manufacturing – Global Partnering – Innovative Solutions – Manufacturing- Engineering Management Training/Coaching/Mentoring – Product Design – Injection Molding – Product Development = Root Cause Analysis – Cross-functional Team Leadership -Program Management – Competitive Analysis – Plastics Component Design
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE AND CONTRIBUTIONS
Stanley Black and Decker 1992 - 2024
Stanley Black & Decker is a Fortune 500 world-leading American manufacturer of industrial tools and storage, commercial electronic security, and engineered fastening systems.
Sr Engineering Manager Outdoor Products, Towson, MD
October 2021 – February 2024
Responsible for Resident Engineering for Hand-Held Tools division of Outdoor Products Group.
oTeam of seven engineers and technicians in Nogales and Hermosilla MX manufacturing facilities.
oSuccessfully delivered “Production Expansion” project in Hermosilla MX facility in support of “build where you sell” initiative.
Responsible for Global Warranty for Outdoor Products Group.
oProvided monthly report-outs to Sr Management team.
oLed engineering teams in Product Warranty Teardown analysis.
oWorked with Global Quality Team to development “tool” that centralized user feedback from various retail sites.
Program Management of multiple programs of varying size and complexity relative to cost, capital, quality, and schedule.
oThis includes cross functional coordination with all business segments to lead product development from a concept phase to a commercial phase.
oProducts included:
DC Pruner
Chainsaws
Pressure Washers
Engineering Manager and Sr Engineering Manager Outdoor Products, Towson, MD
December 2009 – October 2021
Provide Technical Leadership of the consumer and tradesman power tool categories of Cutting and Removal, and various Outdoor Products.
Coordinate with Marketing teams to generate product roads. Maintain category integrity.
Review, analyze, and implement corrective action for warranty and product quality issues.
Review, and adjust product test specifications as required.
Detailed understanding of the product development process.
Program Management of multiple programs of varying size and complexity relative to cost, capital, quality, and schedule. This includes cross functional coordination with all business segments to lead product development from a concept phase to a commercial phase.
Manufacturing experience with plastics, stampings, powder metal, castings, steel machining, and designs for high volume production.
Experience with North American and East Asia component suppliers and their respective processes.
Lead Project Engineer at Stanley Black & Decker, Inc.
September 2005 - June 2009
Component & mechanism design. Tolerance stack-ups and other relevant design calculations.
Root cause analysis of test, warranty, and quality issues. CAD modeling and generation of engineering documentation.
Products Include: Global Corded drills and hammer drills, circular saws, reciprocating saws, sanders.
Engineer and Sr Engineer at Black & Decker
July 2002 - September 2005
Product development including component design and sub-assembly design of plastics, powdered metal, stampings, castings, steel machining using CAD based computer systems.
Tolerance stack-up calculations.
Prototype build, test and refine.
Projects include North American corded and cordless circular saws, and cordless reciprocating saws.
Design Drafter / Sr. Design Drafter / Designer / Sr. Designer at Black & Decker
July 1992 - July 2002
Product development including component design and sub-assembly design of plastics, powdered metal, stampings, castings, steel machining using CAD based computer systems.
Tolerance stack-up calculations.
Prototype build, test and refine.
Projects include North American corded and cordless circular saws, and cordless reciprocating saws.
RH Sheppard Co. 1984 -1992
A global leader in power steering and diesel engine pump technologies for the commercial vehicle industry.
Layout Draftsperson, RH Sheppard Co., Hanover PA
November 1984 - June 1992
Product development including design and sub-assembly design of steering components for class 8 trucks.
Grove Manufacturing Company (now Manitowoc), Shady Grove PA 1978 – 1984
The company offers a full range of mobile hydraulic cranes, comprising all terrain, rough terrain, truck mounted and industrial cranes.
Draftsman / Layout Draftsman
February 1978 - October 1984
Product development including component design and sub-assembly design for mobile hydraulic cranes.
EDUCATION
James Rumsey Technical Institute
Certificate in Mechanical Drafting, 1975 - 1977
James Rumsey Technical Institute, Martinsburg WV
1975 – 1977
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Patent:
Sander Having Two-Piece Fan
United States Patent 9102048 Issued June 4, 2015
Inventors: Earl Kelican, Brent Kuhne
Contact this candidate