SHIVA KANTALE
P R O D U C T M A N A G E R
Product/Project Management
Agile Methodology
User Story Writing
Feature Deployment and Tracking
Data Analysis (Google Analytics)
Team Management
Team Management
Easy Adaptability
S K I L L S
+919*********
Vasai, India
ad7rnr@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn
Results-driven product manager with 5 Years of experience in product planning, road-mapping, prototyping, wire-framing, user story writing, agile development, and product deployment. Proven track record of improving user behavior and reducing churn through data-driven insights and proactive interventions.
P R O F I L E
E X P E R I E N C E
Iris Business Services limited
Dandelion Technologies (Startup)
April 2023- July 2023
Oct 2022 - April 2023
BUSINESS ANALYST
Responsible for understanding the product & users to improve the user experience
Create customer necessary features, write user stories, feature deployment and tracking the user's behavior
Compare similar products to improve the existing user behavior PRODUCT LEAD
Managed product planning, road-mapping, prototyping, and wire- framing
Coordinated agile development and product deployment Gathered and prioritized product and customer requirements Create topics for website articles and publish them through Prismic CRM and keep a track of the marketing activities
Defined product vision and worked closely with engineering teams E D U C A T I O N
Holy Family Convent high School
1999 - 2009
SECONDRY SCHOOL
Viva College [Mumbai University]
2013 - 2016
BACHELOR OF MASS MEDIA
Houzeo (Startup)
Aug 2021 - Sept 2022
PRODUCT MANAGER
Developed and implemented agile methodology for product development and deployment
Coordinated with engineering teams to deliver winning products Managed multiple projects simultaneously with high accuracy Business development for real estate entities
Sportz Interactive
May 2015- Aug 2021
PRODUCT MANAGER
Implemented Google Analytics dashboards to identify features linked to customer attrition, leading to proactive measures and reduced monthly churn.
Gathered and analyzed client requirements to ensure project alignment.
Led sitemaps, wireframes, and roadmap creation, coordinating with teams for seamless website development.
Maintained regular updates with clients on website metrics and development progress.
Collaborated with teams to implement best practices and optimal website designs.
Suggested improvements based on industry trends to enhance website performance.
Ensured high-quality project delivery with a strong understanding of CMS entities and basic HTML.
Evaluated success using Google Analytics, SEO, and optimization techniques.
Led a team of seven professionals, including designers and developers, for comprehensive website solutions.
T O O L S A N D
T E C H N O L O G I E S
JIRA Management Tool
Prismic CRM
Google Analytics
HTML
Social Media
Jira
Zoho Sprints
Miro
Figma
Photoshop
WAF CMS
WordPress
Drupal
Convergys Corporation (Stream Global Services)
Feb 2012 - Nov 2014
TECHNICAL SUPPORT
Assisted US and Canadian customers with troubleshooting and resolving issues with HP computers.
Sold computer products and extended warranties to customers. Recorded customer details and call outcomes using SAP software.
Contact this candidate