Geetha Balaji

Fuquay Varina, NC ***** 937-***-**** ad7rac@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/geethabalaji/

product owner /product manager

Seasoned Product Owner / Implementation lead with 15+ years of experience in Financial services, Legal, Compliance and regulatory product domain. Demonstrated expertise in driving Agile and Scrum methodologies among cross-functional teams. Seasoned banking transformation leader with over a dozen Core banking solution implementations and integrations in banks and credit unions within the US and Canada. Demonstrated expertise in leading teams, creating strategic project plans, solving business shortcomings and delivering innovative solutions resulting in customer satisfaction and revenue growth.
Extremely passionate in helping businesses implement solutions for effective AML, OFAC screenings, complying to GDPR, CCPA regulations and other Legal, Compliance and risk management. SME in product planning, aligning product roadmaps with business strategy and goals, customer satisfaction, prioritization of product backlogs, leading stakeholder meetings, scrum meetings through complete product lifecycle. Adept at market analysis, product strategy, timely delivery, process improvement, enabling strong customer relationships. SME in helping with data visualization and data management.

US citizen.

Core Competencies

Strategic Planning & Implementation Project & Program Management Business Transformation Legal, Ethics & Regulatory Compliance Digital Banking Data Visualization Core Banking Systems Waterfall and Agile Methodologies On-shore and Off-shore Teams Production Systems Management and Operations Data Management Tools

Career Highlights

●Successfully completed more than 10 Core banking implementations as a SME in product implementation and leading projects through Requirements analysis, Product roadmaps, User and Regression Testing, Reports and documentation of banking software for more than 10 clients over 15 years.
●Seasoned product owner with expertise in working with business to proactively identify ways to improve product, processes and procedures.
●Adept in analyzing industry market trends to identify opportunities for product/process improvement and driving product vision and strategy.
●Accomplished Subject Matter Expert (SME) in various banking areas such as CRM (customer relationship management), Account operations, Deposit operations, Lending/Loan operations, Retail banking, Teller operations, ACH/Wires, Funds Transfer, AML, Tax reporting, Payments processing, Card management and numerous other areas of Core Banking.
●Excellent communication, collaboration and conflict-management skills with a ‘Can Do’ attitude while working with cross-functional teams (business/technical), across time zones and with stakeholders.
●Exceptional analytical and problem-solving skills, great at time management, ability to adapt to changing priorities and curios in learning.

Professional Experience

Principal Financial Group, Des Moines, IA 2018 – 2022
www.principal.com

●Legal, Compliance and Government relations IT team with experience in Agile/Scrum methodology leading daily standups, scrum meetings, backlog grooming, PI planning, sprint planning, roadmaps, stakeholder and governance meetings.
●Subject Matter expert on the Bridger Insight XG Implementation project (replacing FINSCAN) that helps conduct customer screening, due diligence and comply with regulations within a single platform for Insurance companies. Implementation of the fully integrated Compliance platform enabled efficient screening processes to drive compliance cost down, increase operational capacity and reduce cycle times.
●Led product implementations, budgeting, planning, product roadmaps, data management of Legal Tracker and Diligent for in-house legal teams improving their process, and team efficiency by 40%.
●Owned, maintained and developed the team’s product backlog to support the overall strategic roadmap and value proposition.

Temenos USA Inc., New York, NY 2005 – 2014
www.temenos.com
●Demonstrated expertise (DE) in providing project management and implementation services to Banks and Credit Unions for Core banking transformations of their legacy systems to Temenos T24, a proprietary banking software solution.
●Exceptional client relationships with the bank's business team, stakeholders and providing exceptional customer satisfaction. Consulted on high-visibility projects, performed gap analysis, business process reviews, and functional/technical overviews. Led testing teams through Systems testing and UAT until Sign-off.
●Accomplished Subject Matter Expert (SME) in various banking areas such as CRM (customer relationship management), Account operations, Deposit operations, Lending/Loan operations, Retail banking, Teller operations, ACH/Wires, Funds Transfer, AML, Tax reporting, Payments processing, Card management and numerous other areas of Core Banking.
●DE in training clients and bank users on product design and enhancements.
●List of clients - United Nations Federal Credit Union [NY], Canadian Western Bank [Edmonton], North Shore Credit Union [Vancouver], Vancity [Vancouver], IFDS [Toronto], BNA New York, EverBank [St.Louis], RBTT [Trinidad & Tobago], Bank Leumi [NY].

Education and Certifications

Bharathiar University, Tamil Nadu, India
Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science and Engineering, 2000
Oracle 8 Certification, SSI, India
Continuous Internal Product Certifications, Temenos

Technical Skills

Data Management Tools:Denodo, Informatica ETL, Power BI, Business Objects
Tools & IDE: Atlassian JIRA, Confluence, Sharepoint
Languages: SQL, PL/SQL, Java, C
Databases: Oracle, MS SQL Server, Mongo DB, MS Access
Other Tools: Microsoft Office (Project, Visio, Excel, Word), Microsoft 365
Contact this candidate