Kurtis J. Narus
*** ***** ****** **** ****
Shelton, CT 06484
724-***-**** Cell
E-mail: ad7rbm@r.postjobfree.com

Product Management Professional
Strategic Planning Product Development Promotional Programs

Highly accomplished Senior Product Manager with proven expertise in identifying customer needs and developing technological solutions. Results-oriented visionary leader, with proven successes in developing key accounts with major OEMs, including the development of global multi-channel sales and distribution channels. Ability to develop work plans and budgets ensuring project resources. Strong vision of entire product life cycle.
Professional Experience
Siemon Company 3/2021 to 6/2024
Responsible for the 5 largest OEM customers. Each customer was a minimum of 3M to 6M. With 2
of the largest OEM customers, I was involved with 2 large projects. Project 1 was to convert 3
types of cables, 16 versions to the Siemon cable. This included working with our China factory to
produce custom bulk and patch cord cables. The second phase of this product was to manger the
phase in when each of the 3 types of cables were ready for production. Included in this phase was the
pricing and amount of safety stock at the China factory and manufacturing plant in Mexico. Project 2
is to create patentable connection cable that can connect multiple devices on one cable.
Product Manager for the Legacy Products for the Company (about 7M in 2022). Worked to improve
the sales of declining products. Worked with the sales force and partners to increase the awareness of
older products to increase sales with existing and new customers. Streamline the product lines to
remove low margin and slow moving products to make the product line more profitable and keep the
inventory at a low level.
Laid off due to low sales in 2024.
Care giver 2/2018 to 8/2019
A care giver for family as my wife battled pancreatic cancer for the second time. She passed August 2019.
Self-employed contractor 1/2017 to 2/2018
Created a home-based contracting business.
Belimo – Danbury, CT 2006 to 12/30/2016
Product Manager 2006 to 2016
Product Manager for Waterside includes Butterfly Valve line (25M in 2016), V-Ball and Ball Valve line (3M in 2016) and the Pipe Package line (1M in 2016). Double digits increase in sales year over year. Responsibilities included full life cycle of products, monthly review of existing products sales and creation of marketing messages / training material. Position ended because of relocation to Pennsylvania.
Completion of a four-year project to bring an in-house high torque actuator to the market. Spent the first three months determining an effective way to get the voice of our customer. Utilized CESIM (Comfort – Energy – Safety – Installation – Maintenance) as a questionnaire based on these key points. Interviewed key customers and users intensively over 3 months. With this input, a control document was developed that engineering used to create the product lines. Prototypes were presented to key customers to ensure that the developed product would be beneficial to our customer and Belimo. This was a global product for the butterfly line, I was the North America lead on this project with two other managers, the European and Asia Pacific Product Manager. With the new features and the quality and reputation of Belimo, expectation is a majority market share.
Product Manager for Non-Spring Line of Actuators for Belimo Americas from 2007 - 2010. Included full life cycle of products, monthly review of existing products sales and adjustments of forecast as needed. Daily interaction with the sales force, solving issues and reviewing technical documents. I have close interactions with other Product Managers, utilized SAP and Microsoft Office as well as review product returns with the RMA department to see if there are any quality issues.
In 2010, added the responsibility of being the point person for MFT (Multi Functional Technology). In this position, training and updating sales, inside and outside customer service, and tech support was required. To accomplish this, I created a comprehensive MFT book that covered all aspects of MFT.
Created a new product line for Belimo in 2006, Pipe Packages. This new line was a logical addition to the product line with the goal of entering a market Belimo was not in. Sales have steadily increased since the release of the product.
Released (2010) a NEMA 4 housing for the larger non-spring actuators. The same year released Electronic Fail-Safe actuators with unique marketing features not seen in the HVAC field before.
Worked with the Belimo Marketing Department for product flyers for all non-spring actuators, Product Guide and Price List (PGPL) layout and pricing as well as updating technical documentation.
Traveled and trained the inside/outside sales force, customer and technical support on all products responsible for.
Utilized strong communication skills with weekly interaction with European Engineering group.

Haier America – New York City, NY 2004 to 2006
Project Manager
Project Manager for Home Comfort Division of Haier America. The product scope included room and central air conditioners, fans and range hoods. Worked on a new product line of air purifiers that will include high and low-end versions.
Traveled with the sales force to support them in a technical capacity on products in my control. This support increased the Home Comfort gross sales to 400 million for the sales year 2004. The three-year forecast was to have sales for Home Comfort top 1 billion dollars.

Food Automation Service Techniques – Stratford, CT 1990 to 2004
Senior Project Manager
Actively promoted key projects as a senior manager and articulated their importance and relevance to the company’s organizational goals and objectives by creating an intranet web solution. The web pages incorporated links to each project, and included details regarding project descriptions, milestones, risks, costs, prices, and manufacturing ease, allowing upper management access to the status of a project at any time.
Education
Fairfield University – Fairfield, CT

Master’s in business administration
Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering

Patent – D539891 AIR Conditioner & Cleaner Combo

References – Upon request
Contact this candidate