ANANDHI NAGARAJAN
Apex, North Carolina ***** 919-***-**** ad7tlt@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/anandhi-nagarajan

PRODUCT MANAGER/SCRUM MASTER

Product Manager with 15 years of experience in product development in retail and supply chain and a Business Analyst in Human Resources Management. Builds teams in collaboration with other product teams while working independently and consistently exceeding expectations and meeting milestones.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

HCLTech - Client Proctor & Gamble (P&G) March 2019-September 2022
Senior Programmer / HR Associate
Collaborated with cross-functional HR COEs to provide feedback and process improvement.
Liaise with payroll and benefits teams to resolve employee issues.
Serve as a consultant for difficult situations, provide best practices to workplace disputes, coach and drive positive organizational change, and maintain high ethical standards and confidentiality.
Developed and implemented internal HR processes, LOA processes, and recruiting procedures (classification of positions, job postings, interviews, and applicant tracking system).
Developed and administered human resources plans and procedures for all company personnel and assisted in driving company culture.
Reduced case handling time by streamlining case workflows and escalations.
Lowered contact volume by training employees on how to access knowledge through self-service.

HCL Infosys Limited (Singapore) November 2015 - June 2016
Programme Associate
Provided technical support for end users on queries and related computer issues of software and hardware while monitoring networks.
Liaised with the problem management team to determine the root cause and resolve issues.
Escalated unsolvable issues and managed call bridges with all stakeholders and engineers.
Maintained customers informed as per SLAs.

Vida Resources Pvt Ltd. (Singapore) September 2014-June 2015
Product merchandiser/ Designer
Product sourcing and development from fabric/trims and accessories (neckpieces/bracelets/earnings, finger rings/belts/handbags).
Maintained complete records of products (fabrics, samples, and accessories).
Developed a follow-up on time and action plan to solve daily technical production problems from vendor supply chain on various aspects.
Facilitated weekly meetings with customers to ensure development stays on schedule per technical designs.
Coordinated with cargo logistic departments for scheduling, bookings of products, and tariffs.
Handled and communicated with customers from Singapore, Malaysia, Egypt, and South Africa.

Anandhi Nagarajan ad7tlt@r.postjobfree.com

TSS Pvt Ltd (Buying House), (Bangalore, India) August 2010-May 2012
Product Merchandiser
Responsible for product development and order execution.
Purchased, developed, and provided cost estimates for fabric, trims, and cost in development.
Ensure constant communications by tracking sales, samples, and vendor WIP reports.
Managed style information, tracked garments, colors, fabrics, and trim approvals.
Partnered with design, graphics, sourcing, and technical design departments to develop sales, prototypes, and production samples.
communicated with USA and European Stakeholders with status.

Nivas Exports (Bangalore, India) December 2007-June 2010
Senior Merchandiser/ Product Developer
Handle the product order management of fabrics and responsible for lab dips approvals, strike-offs, handlooms, knit downs, and fitting sessions.
Create and review internal and external billing for production materials. Gathered requirements from domestic to international vendors.
Handled day-to-day production issues and provide solutions swiftly.

Cross Roads Exports (Bangalore, India) August 2005-July 2007
Merchandiser/Product Coordinator
Efficiently handled international clients based in the USA and Europe.
Resolved customer production issues by calling those escalated matters.
Handled logistics of deliveries and proper shipping documents.
Coordinated and developed men’s, women’s, and children's wear.

Sonal Garments (Bangalore, India) February 2005-July 2005
Merchandiser/ Product developer
Coordinated with vendors to understand product requirements and provide prototype pre-production samples.
Handled all daily operations and activities efficiently.
Traveled nationally for customers and reputed vendors buying houses and their brands.

Sell Fast (Tirupur, Indian) July 2004-January 2005
Sportswear designer/ Merchandiser
Collaborated in the product designing and development phase.
Coordinated presentations and buyer meetings for multiple brands.
Designed garments using new material concepts.
Participated in tour research in new technique prints and embroideries.

EDUCATION
Certified Scrum Master( CSM) – Srum Alliance, Associate Professional in Human Resources (APHR) Prep Certification - WakeTech Community College
Bachelor of Science (BS, Costume Design and Fashion (First Class) - Bharathiyar University
Higher Secondary School (MSC) (First Class) - St. Pauls M.H.S.S, Coimbatore

Anandhi Nagarajan ad7tlt@r.postjobfree.com

MERCHANDISING & DESIGN EMPHASIS
In-depth knowledge of fiber content, construction & finishes.
Complete understanding of the garment design & manufacturing process from the garment conceptualization stage through the pattern drafting phase to the final garment assembly.
Skillful in providing trend analysis of colors, styles, and silhouettes. Strong comprehension of line development, cost sheets & design specifications.
Proficient in Microsoft Office (Excel, Word & Outlook).
Self-Driven, multi-task dedicated to achieving high levels of efficiency & communication.

RENOWNED CLIENTS
United States
AEO (American Eagle & Outfitters), Superdry, Haggar, Diplodocus, QV, Missionary Mall, Baycreack.
Europe
TBS, Redcats, Liberto, Trespass & 18Black, VSD (Victoria secret), Mother care, Billabong, Elements, Carhartt, Innes, Promo veil, DPAM.
Singapore & Malaysia:
TANGS, OG, KIYO, F.O.S and Lazada.
Contact this candidate