Nazmul Hossain - US Citizen - Product Manager
404-***-**** - ad7w25@r.postjobfree.com
Management Tools: Jira, Jira Align, Azure DevOps(TFS), Rally, Confluence SAFe Agile/Scrum: WSJF, PI Planning, Roadmap,Scrum Ceremonies (Sprint Planning, Backlog Refinement, Daily Stand Up, Retro, Sprint Review) Burndown,Velocity, Capacity, INVEST, MOSCOW,DEEP, Epic,User Stories, Acceptance Criteria, Epics, DoR,DoD Analyst: Gap Analysis, SWOT, PESTLE, Impact Analysis, Root Cause Analysis, BRD, FRD, SRS, Requirement Gathering, Analysis/Design, RACi, Use Cases, Requirements Trace-Ability Matrix, Non-Functional, Prototyping, Wireframe, AS-IS TO BE, Technical Experience: API, AWS(EC2, S3, RedShift, RDS) Azure DevOPS(CDN, APIM Management), XML,JSON,Swagger,Postman, SAAS, IAAS, PAAS, MicroService, SSO, SAML
Data Analysis: Data Analysis, Data Mining, Data Mapping, Data Modeling, Data Migration from OLTP to OLAP using ETL, SQL Queries for Data Validation and Data Integration, Power BI, Tableau Testing: UAT testing, Unit Testing, System and Integration(SIT), Test Cases, Smoke Testing Certification
-CSPO(Certified Scrum Product Owner) - SAFe Agile certification
-PSM (Professional Scrum Master Certification) - PMI ACP Certification EXPERIENCE
Wipro - Atlanta,GA (Remote)
Sr. Product Manager Oct 2019 - Present
● Lead the end-to-end product lifecycle from ideation to launch, including market research, concept development, requirements gathering, prioritization, and delivery.
● Leveraged Agile practices to lead a cross-functional team that analyzes, designs, and implements products in SAFe Agile.
● Developed and maintained a deep understanding of customer needs, market trends, and to inform product strategy and roadmap.
● Collaborated closely with cross-functional teams, including engineering, design, marketing, sales, and customer support, to define product requirements, prioritize features, and drive execution.
● Generates appropriate design artifacts (Personas, Use Cases, Business and Technical Requirements, solution flows, etc.) to guide configuration and development efforts.
● Defined and tracked key performance metrics to assess product performance, identify areas for improvement, and drive data-driven decision-making.
● Worked with SSO and SAML in Azure AD B2C Flows (Sign Up/Sign In, Edit Profile, Change Password).
● Knowledge and experience working with Azure API Management Flows customization (token verification, header creation/updates and dynamic routing, caching)
● Working with UX best practices, design-thinking, customer journey mapping, and persona development.
● Utilized tableau as dashboard data to read to upper management for data usage.
● Worked with MongoDB and hosted as Azure API services implemented in .NET Framework in Microsoft Shop
● Worked with Azure Data Lake tool for centralized repository that ingests and stores large volumes of data
● Understood competitor’s API specs, features offered, disruptive innovations, and share with internal company teams in clear and concise manner
● Drove prioritization based on business outcomes, getting buy-in from senior management (from Directors to SVPs) and aligning with other product domains toward shared objectives Amdocs - Atlanta,GA
Sr. Product Manager July 2018– Sept 2019
● Translated product vision and roadmap into well-defined product requirements/user stories and acceptance test criteria
● Proactively addressed product risks, issues, and stakeholder concerns with a customer-first mindset.
● Identified existing and potential issues and design matters,
● Researched business and technological advancements to ensure that solutions are continuously improved, supported, and aligned with industry and company standards.
● Collaborated with System and Solution Architect/Engineering to jointly sequence the Architectural Runway that will host new business functionality
● Utilized analytics tools to gather and analyze data on user behavior, trends, and performance metrics,
● Implemented feedback loops for continuous product and process improvement.
● Clearly communicated compelling ideas (using presentations, wireframes, prototypes, etc.) to a wide range of stakeholders
● Collaborated with stakeholders to identify and track key performance metrics and use data to drive continuous improvement.
● Demonstrated working with dev team to experience building modern web applications using microservices.
● Used AWS EC2 as a cloud web serviced used for hosting internal application Accenture - Atlanta,GA Feb 2017– March 2018
Product Manager
● Developed and executed the product vision and strategy aligned with company goals and market trends.
● Monitor product performance and user feedback post-launch, iterate and improve products based on insights and data.
● Worked with technical Dev team utilizing AWS EC2, Lambda(service where dev upload code and run on AWS platform)
● Prepared and presented the product strategies and concepts to leadership, ensuring clear communication of vision, progress, and potential impacts.
● Worked with cross-functionally with engineering, UX and data leaders to design & develop usable, desirable and highly functional products
● Leverage product data, market trends and user feedback to quantify & prioritize new product opportunities for the platform
● Conducted end user research to help identify user stories and help determine Minimum Viable Product (MVP)
● Defined and communicated product vision, features, and roadmap to key stakeholders and team members Evans & Chambers - Washington, D.C Jan 2016– Oct 2016 Product Owner
● Work with Scrum Master/scrum team to write individual user stories and acceptance criteria that are clear, concise, easy to understand and implement
● Plan, prioritize and maintain a well-groomed product backlog.
● Reviewed UAT Results with business end users, assisted in re-prioritizing of requirements
● Partner with Scrum Masters to groom and prioritize the backlog for sprint management within Jira
● Manually performed back-end testing by writing SQL queries.
● Conducted various JAD sessions to understand and gather business and system requirements. LeasePlan USA -Alpharetta, GA Aug 2015– Jan 2016
Product Owner
● Organizing and facilitating agile methodology through scrum meetings and maintaining documentation on sprint planning, daily standups, review and retrospection.
● Helped team with AWS migration from on-premises to AWS by working with business cases, analyzing strategy, building migration plans, and working with AWS migration hub.
● Worked with Salesforce CRM to help manage and deploy monthly releases.
● Participated in Spring Reviews, daily Scrums, and Spring Planning Meetings
● Interacted with the Scrum team and stakeholders for ensuring timely product release
● Contributed in removing hindrances and external distractions for the Scrum team
● Maintaining healthy customer relations, and communication to retrieve product feedback. Providing training demos of new products features or phases.
ADP - Alpharetta,GA Jan 2015– July 2015
Product Owner
● Refining product themes, epics, user stories and product features
● Facilitating sprint planning sessions to establish a sprint backlog.
● Documenting requirements and system design using approved agency formats.
● Mediating business units that may have conflicting requirements.
● Assisting in the translation of business requirements into detailed technical specifications
● Facilitating and documenting AS IS and TO BE process flows
● Writing test cases and scripts to validate code is working as documented.
● Developed workflow charts and diagrams to ensure production team compliance with client deadlines. Hewlett Packard - Alpharetta, GA July 2010– Nov 2014 Business Analyst/Jr. Product Owner
● Experience taking in BRDs and converting into well written User Stories
● Assists Scrum Master/PM with Sprint Planning with the Dev team, supports daily stand-up meetings, etc.
● Worked in onshore-offshore model during this tenure
● Support product owner in prioritization and management of backlog, ensuring Scrum process standards, identification of stakeholders and stakeholder conditions of acceptance.
● Provided functional testing support at various stages of product development, UAT and production support environment Professional Summary (10 years Experience)
● 10+ years Advance Experience as a Product Owner/Product Manager with the ability to create product roadmap, requirement gathering with stakeholders, user stories/acceptance criteria in Agile Scrum Environment
● 7+ years of relevant work experience in Product Ownership/Management, focusing mobile app- based products, web application, SAAS, and services.
● Experience in gathering requirements and having great knowledge from different domains such as Telecom, Logistics, Insurance, Financial, Healthcare, Banking and E-Commerce.
● Experience working with Integrations with other Azure Services AD/App Insights/API Management, etc.
● Created backlog of user stories based on product requirements to define epics and planed sprints in Jira, Rally, and Azure Devops
● Works in an Agile environment(SAFe and Scrum) and continuously reviews the business needs, refines priorities, outlines milestones and deliverables, and identifies opportunities and risks while supporting development and QA.
● Familiarity with full-stack web development (HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, SQL, XML), Java, and other languages (C#, .Net, PHP, etc.)
● Strong communicator (ability to communicate at all levels), skilled at stakeholder management(setting and managing expectations) and ability to communicate with all levels of the organization.
● Solid Experience with Agile methodology and DevOps tools (such as JIRA, Azure DevOps (TFS), Rally, Version One and Confluence).
● Hands-on experience with Cloud solutions like AWS, Azure DevOps, Microservices/Web-Based API Serverless architectures, databases(RDBMS and No-SQL)
Education
Georgia State University, Atlanta, GA Bachelor of Computer Information Systems
Contact this candidate