Loretta D Altman-Pollack, MBA, CSM, AHF, SASM, SP, POPM, RTE, LPM
Deer Island, Oregon 805-***-**** www.linkedin.com/in/lorettadaltman/ ad7xdl@r.postjobfree.com

SCRUM MASTER

Delivering high-quality software, by innovating through people to implement end to end quality product solutions through SAFe/Agile practices.

Experience in a variety of industries (Retail, Health Provider, Health Insurance, Banking, e-Commerce and Continuing Education).

●

Coach all Scrum Ceremonies and preparation and readiness for PI Planning.

●
Promote SAFe quality practices by exhibiting Lean-Agile leadership and adoption.
●
Facilitate the removal of impediments and lead the team efforts in relentless improvement.

●

●
Facilitates preparation and readiness for ART(Agile Release Trains) events in support of team and RTE (Release Train Engineer).
●
Support the Product Owner in backlog management, refinement, grooming and continuous delivery of features and other key work.

●
Identifying escalations and resolution through identifying the right people necessary for successful business value delivery.

Experience

CVS 2021 - Present
Scrum Master, Mgr

-Coach and exhibit Lean-Agile leadership
-Facilitates all Scrum Ceremonies
-Supports the team rules
-Facilitates the team’s progress toward team goals
-Leads team efforts in relentless improvement
-Facilitates events
-Supports the Product Manager/Owner
-Facilitates the removal of impediments
-Promotes SAFe quality practices
-Builds a high-performing team
-Support and facilitates responsibilities on the train
-Coordinates with other teams for dependency impacts
-Supports SAFe/Agile adoption
-Facilitates preparation and readiness for Agile Release Trains (ART) events
-Supports estimating
-Facilitates preparation and readiness for PI Planning
-Facilitate Semi-Annual Team Health Check
-Support Release Train Engineer (RTE) with resource allocation and budgeting in Clarity
-Communicate and execute best practices learned from Community of Practice and other forums to the teams
-Support facilitation of problem-solving workshops at team level
-Support Release activities within Rally

Nike
Randstad 2019-2021 and IGNW 202*-****-**** - 2022
Scrum Master, Sr

-Lead teams to produce Consumer Notifications Platform deliver the following notifications to a specific global Nike consumer triggered by a Nike Consumer Team's request.
-Facilitate and coach development teams through the various Scrum Ceremonies
-Support the Product Manager, to ensure the right work is being done.
-Facilitate removal of impediments
-Lead team efforts in relentless improvement
-Build a high-performing teams
-Coordinates with other teams
-Supports capacity planning and estimating utilizing JIRA
-Supports the Team Rules housed on Confluence
-Coaches and exhibits Lean-Agile leadership

continued, Remote 2018 - 2019

-Co-Lead Agile Transformation for the entire organization, including coaching and training for technical and business teams.

-As Servant leader for Scrum and Kanban Frameworks: Leading development teams through the various Scrum Ceremonies (Backlog grooming, Spring Planning (Sprints (Story Points) /Kanban (Estimates/Throughput), Sprint Review, Sprint Retro. Working closely with the Product Manager, to ensure the right work is being done and removing barriers to the team’s successful sprint iteration.

-PMO Department: Co-Lead the PMO team to standardize PMO / Agile processes to determine what should be completed as part of every project (process, documentation, etc.) and what should be flexible to adjust on a project-by-project basis. Support and contribute to ongoing project management changes - further Agile implementation, improved estimation techniques, etc.

OJAI FOOD TAXI, Ojai, CA 2015 – 2018
Co-Owner
Co-orchestrated and transformed a small company earning $7K per year to a thriving business earning more than $50K+ per year.
●Implemented strategic marketing and relationship building with clients, such as restaurants, hotels, and boarding schools, gaining market visibility as catering to famous, fascinating, and everywhere in-between (even folks in campsites or on trails that needed supplies).
●Improved structure and process of how business was run by modeling technology and framework of organizations like GrubHub, PostMates, etc., and hiring / managing independent contractors instead of full-time employees, which increased efficiency and reduced costs.

ANTHEM BLUE CROSS, Indianapolis, IN 2013 – 2018
Senior Technical Project Manager / Scrum Master, Sr
Championed number of high-profile enterprise projects within project management office (PMO) within Agile Framework and PMI methodologies with business and IT teams of 45+ and budgets ranging from $50K to $800K. Managed all aspects project plans, including technical requirements, risk mitigation, security, change management protocols, and program execution.
●Led cross-functional / multi-geographic team to move 30+ mission-critical application and data projects to key Hadoop environments for enterprise resource balancing and scalability, effectively establishing environment readiness, configuration, testing and installation by remediating from Impala and Hive to Common Data Layer (CDL) Splice Machine.
●Guided 45+ business and technical professionals comprising of 3-4 teams working on mission critical projects, through Agile Frameworks (Scrum / Kanban) and ceremonies (Backlog grooming, Spring Planning (Sprints (Story Points) /Kanban (Estimates/Throughput), Sprint Review, Sprint Retro. Improving on processes for higher quality business outcomes.
●Directed development teams to implement new Configuration Management “ClearCase” Application Code Versioning Enterprise Standard across multiple platforms / applications, which significantly reduced post-production fixes and achieved 80%+ improvement rate.
●Oversaw build of new process framework within Enterprise IT PMO for Big Data Warehouse (EDward), streamlining intake of 200+ data issues coming in from multiple lines of business and system integration points that resulted in savings of $100K+ monthly and integrated analytics business reporting.

DELOITTE, Los Angeles, CA 2012 – 2013
Provider Inventory Strategy Manager, Kaiser, Denver, CO
Mobilized strategic and tactical team of 10 business and technical professionals to reduce provider claims issues inventory by 5000+ and meet sustainability and compliance metrics.
●Implemented process improvement and automated analytics reporting in both interim and future state solutions, ensuring sustenance of provider claims inventory management and reimbursement.
●Created framework and deployment of resource management plan, enabling client to withstand incoming escalated provider claims issues.
●Guided implementation upgrade of security system backend, ensuring compliance with clinical privacy data laws.
●Streamlined and coordinated training of 300+ cross-functional business teams on new internal metrics and protocols, maintaining accurate and timely provider and member claims reimbursement.
Technical Environment: SharePoint, XCleys (Kaiser Claims Connect), MS Access and Business Objects

Testing Manager, Catholic Health Initiatives, Tacoma, WA
Built and implemented Integrated Testing Strategy Plan to convert entire hospital system from Cerner to Epic.
●Managed team of 80+ client and technical professionals, including vendors (Epic and Cerner), through successful test approach and execution of implementation of Epic Inpatient, Ambulatory, and Revenue Cycle applications.
Technical Environment: Epic Systems Revenue Cycle, Inpatient, Ambulatory and Interfaces

INSIGHT GLOBAL, A tlanta, GA 2011 – 2011
Project Manager II, NASCO, Ojai, CA
Managed NASCO team to implement 10 new ClaimsXten (CXT) custom medical policy rules on Horizon Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Jersey system (referred to as Stage 2).
●Ensured NASCO Processing System (NPS) could be built to process claims recommendations received, achieving compliance with CMS and avoiding penalties and fines. Technical Environment: ClaimsXten (CXT)

SYNTEL, Troy, MI 2009 – 2011
Technical Project Manager, Anthem Blue Cross (WellPoint), Atlanta, GA
Led a team to build a Blue Print feasibility study on multiple in-house mainframe systems (ACES (Anthem Consolidated East System), WGS 2.0 (WellPoint Group Systems), and FACETS).
●Implemented the Syntel - Automation Framework solution to automate provider contract migration to facilitate the pricing engine on NetworX Pricer (Trizetto Product).
Trained a new business and technology team to align with Q/CARE (BCBS Georgia Mainframe Backend) enterprise migration to WGS, for multiple regions.
●Being a key advisor in implementing the enterprise-wide “Lean IT” and “Build a Better WellPoint” initiatives.
Led team to implement new Health Programs Product Communication for eWPD (Enterprise WellPoint Product Database) on time and within budget.
●Streamlined setup of new system design, built system use cases and coordinated data modeling.
●Led system security upgrades in compliance of privacy acts imposed on health care data.
●Tracked project efforts, risks and milestones and reviewed test plans and testing efforts to ensure quality effort.
●Managed Technical Team for Senior Business Product CMS (Center for Medical Services) Annual filings, this is for Annual Changes of Coverage and Explanation of Coverage mandated CMS changes. Includes running queries and reports for temporary maintenance.
●Directed technical team to build a full automated solution between the Senior Business Product Managers and CMS application. This produced a solution that would ensure compliance with CMS mandates.
Technical Environment: ACES, WGS 2.0, FACETS, NetworX Pricer (Trizetto), Q/CARE, eWPD

COMPUTER SCIENCE CORPORATION, Tysons Corner, VA 2008 – 2009
Technical Project Manager, Kaiser, Pasadena, CA
Managed the deployment of a hardware and software build of 100+ “Self-Service Kiosks” to the Regional Medical Centers throughout Southern California.
●Developed Technical and Business specifications, logical application design flows, architectural flows, UAT Implementation plans, context diagrams, security waiver requirements, and build package requirements. Successful implementation of software component: HealthConnect (Epic Modules) to all 100 kiosks.
Implemented a Revenue Cycle Mega project (Epic: Resolute) for Kaiser Southern Region.
●Co-Directed EPIC (vendor) and 60+ Business and Technical staff for full SDLC implementation, with integration of in place EPIC modules: Institutional, Inpatient, Ambulatory, IP OpTime, and Bridges. This was the first time Kaiser generated revenue from billing system expected to deliver $2-4 million in first year.
●Oversaw SDLC integration of NPI provider billing implementation.
Guided a team effort to analyze impacts of HL7 version upgrade within the clinical systems and its effects on the Electronic Health Record (EHR) exchange.
●Coordinated an upgrade of the clinical system, which improved a larger % of the EHR nationwide and regionally, by combining and splitting the messages. This effort helped organization remain in compliance with SOX and pass DHCS (Department of Health Care Services) audit.
Ran optimization of benefit engine systems of the California Deductible Product Platform Performance Improvements.
●Led a team of 45+ Business and Technical professionals full SDLC for end to end Legacy (Foundation Systems), ETL and Diamond major multiple system performance upgrades. Resulted in quality clinical data measures feed into analytics.
Technical Environment: Epic Modules (Inpatient, Ambulatory, IP OpTime, Resolute, Bridges), HL7, Legacy (Foundation Systems), and Diamond

ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE
MEDIA TRUST, Santa Barbara, Ca
Senior Technology Project Manager

COMPUTER SCIENCE CORPORATION, Tysons Corner, VA
Lead System Solutions / Technology Project Manager Client: Kaiser

COUNTRYWIDE (BANK OF AMERICA), Simi Valley, CA
Senior Software Systems Analyst

WELLPOINT HEALTH NETWORKS, Camarillo, CA Business/Systems Analyst

EDUCATION
Master of Business Administration (MBA), Project Management, Capella University, 2008 Bachelor of Science (BS), Business Information Technology, University of Phoenix, 2005

CERTIFICATIONS AND PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
Certified Scrum Master, Scrum Alliance
Certified Agility Health Facilitator, Agility Health
Certified, SAFe: SASM and SP
PMI Member, Project Management Institute

Epic Training
EpicCare Overview of Implementation
EpicCare Inpatient Fundamentals
EpicCare Tapestry Core and AP Claims

TECHNICAL EXPERTISE
Agile / Project Management Tools:
Atlassian (Jira, Confluence and Trello), Slack, Rally, Zoom, Skype and Sococo, Planview, MS Project.

Developer Tools:
GitHub, Bitbucket, Docker, Kubernetes, WordPress, Nginx.

Analytics
Google Analytics, New Relic

System and Business Analyst Tool:
Requisite Pro (Rational Tools)

Development Languages/Frameworks:
Java, J2EE, JSP, ASP, PL / SQL, PHP, CakePHP, HTML, XML, SOA, JavaScript (Client and Server), Rational Rose, Crystal Reports.
Databases for Technology Integration:
Enterprise Java Beans (EJB), JDBC, Oracle, Percona, Redis, SQL Server, Sybase, Access and MQ Series
General Tools for Technology Integration:
MS Office, Access, Outlook, Visio, Lucidchart, Aris (IndustryPrint 5

Additional Tools:
ServiceNow, ClearQuest, Remedy, IBM Websphere, IBM Rational Suite, IBM InfoSphere DataStage, BizTalk Server, Sharepoint.

Specialized Software:
(VIPER – Countrywide Proprietary), eWPD (Wellpoint Proprietary), Sybase, EPIC Modules (Inpatient and Tapestry) and Vipstar, WGS 2.0, STAR, ACES, WMDS, eWPD, NPS, Foundations, and AS400, XCleys (Claims Connect), Sharepoint, and Docushare, CHUB, PIMS, PCMS, ECC, Tri-MED, Avaliity, HRS, Access, EPDS V2, EDWard.NetworX Pricer (Trizetto), HL7 (Health Language Seven), StarTeam (Kaiser Source and Project system),
Contact this candidate