Tim Wiegert
Rochester, NY 585-***-**** ad7ycu@r.postjobfree.com WWW.Linkedin.com/in/Tim-Wiegert
Specialist, Product Analyst
Product Ownership Project Management Program Management Global Operations
Dynamic Product Manager & Business Partner of IBM with a track record of excellence in fast-paced environments where strategic Product Management is recognized for driving business growth (15+ years). My experience has focused primarily on domestic and international (emergency) 9-1-1 centers involving communications, computer hardware/ software systems, all integrated for a holistic customer solution. I have led teams for the collaboration, development, planning and go-to-market projects/ programs. The Product Manager routinely interfaced with group leaders such as Client Stakeholders, Business Development, Product Line, Programing, Engineering and Sales. Adept at existing product enhancement and new product inauguration, simultaneously, while maintaining deadlines and ROI. “The Voice of the Customer” phrase, while egregiously overused, is ridiculously accurate and I do not compromise it’s meaning. Software products created for IBM became #1 in volume and revenue generated in Public Sector vertical market.

SPECIALIZED SKILLS
* Experienced in the use of tactical radio equipment
* Exceptional ability to thrive in fast-paced, high-stakes environments
* Proficient in tactical radio product offerings and practical project management
* Proactively leader of projects and processes with general supervision
* Effective communicator with ability to explain and interpret technical product information, operational processes, practices and procedures to diverse audiences. Messaging and narratives are customized and appropriate to audience level
*Experienced in supporting product life cycle processes, practices and procedures, thus ensuring product integrity and performance
*Skilled at recommending enhancements to current and future products, systems and processes to drive innovation and efficiency
* Proven history of success in achieving operational targets for specific programs and projects
*Experienced in sales and front-end business operations, including effective face-to-face customer interactions in order to best understand customer needs and deliver custom tailored solutions
* Familiar with RF tactical communication networks, radios, wireless networks, IP network management and routing

CORE COMPETENCIES

Proactively investigates customer requirements for product applications
Research accessories and external applications for compatibility and applicability
Prepare detailed product specifications/ responses for RFI/ RFP in collaboration with managers (Shipley)
Maintain integrity and consistency of product including: specs, data sheets and marketing materials
Participate in trade shows, demonstrations and field trials to showcase the products capabilities
Software Release Management
Excellent interpersonal skills
Strong cross-team development of working relationships
Actively supports identification and troubleshooting of field issues and product service returns
PMP Certified
Experienced with new-product or enhancement enriched product launch
Participates in regular reviews of product line operations, trouble report reviews and development status meetings
Combines with others to ensure that ideas become a fruition that will meet or exceed business models and business requirements

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Hardwood Floor Solutions Pittsford, New York, 14534 February 2013 - Present
Owner/ Product Manager
Respond to RFP’s/ RFI’s with 90%-win rate supporting work estimates of time and cost.
Created an environment of productivity and accountability that reduced overhead by 10 % in second year.
I reduced overhead by 20 % while growing revenue 25% (years 2 through current) by using my personal/ professional axioms of EXCELLENCE-continuously strive for perfection, ECONOMY-seek simplicity and elegance in planning and execution, ETHICS-demonstrate personal integrity in all endeavors. This imprint is on ALL Project/ Product management ventures.

Hardwood Floor Specialists Rochester, New York 14625 January 2000 – March 2014 Engineer/ Proposal & Project Manager
Assisted ownership with job quotations and process efficiency, establishing superior management/ labor relationships. Resulting “harmony” reduced average job time by 13% in first year. Each year this improved by over 2% as new talent acquired understood process prior to employment.
Restructured vendor and finance company relationships to maximize customer value. Implementation of these steps added, on average (for 12 years) 10% higher net value as well as 5 % more jobs annually.
Designed new marketing templates enabling estimators to deliver more effective messages resulting in double digit growth annually for successfully placed estimates.
Blue Lobster Software Inc. Rochester, New York February 1997 – December 1999 Product Manager/ Design Engineer
Led cross-functional teams to explore new market opportunities to develop campaigns that will drive profitable growth. Develop and report metrics to evaluate and maximize ROI for strategic programs and marketing campaigns.
Using SDLC, Agile/ Scrum methodologies, established flowcharts for the coding of new products (birth to grave).
Led 30-member team of software engineers in the development of a previously unavailable web-based aid (legacy-to-Web, Web-to-host technology). Create reports for management and stakeholders verifying milestone attainment.
With over $ 1 M in first year sales (each), products (StingRay and Mako)TM became flagship commodities for the company.
As Subject Matter Expert (SME), supported IPO with branding elements including printed and digital material distributed to stakeholders, resulting in the sale of Blue Lobster Software Inc. for $10M.
Astra Software Corporation Rochester, New York February 1986 – December 1997 Number One Ranked Business Partner of IBM in Public Sector, Public Safety Solutions (product - OFISTM). Product Manager/ Product Owner / Proposal Manager (1987 – 1997)
Analyzed and responded to all Local/ State/ Federal Government RFI/ RFP/ RFQ requests, streamlining process reducing sales cycle by 20%. History of writing winning proposals exceeds 88%.
Effectively led international project teams to proven results across multiple lines of business, geographic boarders, time zones and cultures requiring the integration of DoD, IBM Legal and U.S. Department of state leading to new revenue streams (40% of previous historical total revenue).
Created and executed marketing/ PR campaigns including new product introduction and existing product development.
Recruited by IBM Corporation for public speaking and demonstrations as SME (Subject Matter Expert - Emergency Services).
Sales and Marketing Management (1986 – 1987)
Qualified as “IBM Authorized Agent” resulting in 20% higher revenue on all hardware purchased.
EDUCATION
BS Computer Science(M)/ Psychology(m) St. John Fisher College, Pittsford, New York AAS Computer Science/ AAA Liberal Arts Monroe Community College, Rochester, New York Certification: Marketing/ Business Administration IBM Corporation, Atlanta, Ga
Contact this candidate