MARK AMMAR RAYES, PHD
Alamo, CA 925-***-****
ad7zds@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/ammarayes

PRINCIPLE TECHNICAL PRODUCT MANAGER & CUSTMER ARCHITECT – AI/ML/GenAI
AI/ML/GenAI expert and champion of emerging technologies with 20+ years of expertise building and leading high-performing teams in developing best-in-class scalable AI-based platforms and solutions. Deep CI/CD, NetOps SecOps and DevOps experience. Best-selling author with 200+ publications and holder of 45+ patents.

EXECUTIVE COMPETENCIES
Engineering & Innovation Leadership ML & AI Strategy IoT Security Strategic Planning & Implementation Industry Thought Leadership Customer & User Experience Organizational Transformation Technology Strategy Product Development & Management Cross-Functional Collaboration CTO Industry-Academia Partnership Development.

RECENT EXPERIENCE
San Jose State University – Adjunct Professor 2008—Present
Teaching AI, computer networks, IoT, software development lifecycle, Enterprise Dev Platform, and software security. Built comprehensive courses and platforms / labs integrated with TensorFlow, PyTorch, MLflow, and ONNX.

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 2004—May2024
Principle Technical Software Product and Customer Architect, Cisco Networking, 2021-May2024
Distinguished Engineer, AI/Analytics CTO, Customer Experience, 2011-2021
Product Management Director, Smart Services Group, 2009-2011
Solution Management Senior Manager, Cisco Services, 2006-2009
Senior Solution Architect, Embedded Network Management Group, 2002-2006

Own and lead AI/ML/GenAI vision, technical strategy, roadmap, and go-to-market strategies to drive growth and adoption. Develop tools to measure return and adjust the organization as needed. Bring ideas to life by rapidly prototyping AI technologies with our products. Conduct due diligence, market research, and data analysis to anticipate trends and identify new opportunities. Assess product performance and help develop long-term strategic plans for current and future product lines. Collaborate with product development to translate business requirements into features. Communicate strategy, roadmaps, and priorities to management, customers, and partners. Work closely with product development, corporate strategy, corporate development, channels, strategic alliances, and cross-functional teams to achieve the company's long-term vision and business goals.
Served as a Customer Architect and trusted advisor to companies in the financial, oil, and healthcare sectors.
Crated AI Network Virtual Assistance across Cisco’s controllers based on documentations, telemetries and APIs.
Provided the technical expertise to collaborate with customers, industry experts, and internal teams, to understand customer needs, capture requirements, deliver key features, and set the strategic direction for a product portfolio.
Led a team to define new products establishing the product vision and long-term strategy, and implementing a dynamic roadmap that iterates and evolves quickly.
Led services assurance, cross-domain workflows, and security, network digital twin, and sustainability initiatives.
Drove solutions and requirements into roadmaps and new features/functionality to increase customer demand.
Managed strategic engagement with partners and the field to grow the business and gain market share.
Designed solution plans that span multiple products, taking into account high availability, scalability, market-leading features, and flexibility to meet future business demands.
Defined the standards for products and services, working with appropriate teams to achieve those goals.
Led market trends, customer needs, and the competitive landscape to shape the product roadmap and strategy.
Acted as a thought leader and spokesperson for Compute Products, representing the company at industry conferences, events, and customer engagements. Work with Product leadership to develop a robust Go-To-Market strategy.
Built relationships with clients and drive executive engagements.
Defined new KPIs to inform decision-making and prioritization.
Provided regular updates and interact with executive management to influence the portfolio
Guided development of CX Technology Radar with advanced services utilizing Installed-Based and AI/ML.
Led SmartNet Total Care ($3.7B) and Business Critical Services (($2.2) initiatives, and oversaw NBC-Universal network assessment and compliance project across 3 continents with 15K+ devices.
Chaired Cisco Services Research and Patent Program that drove innovation of over 14,000 engineers.
Published 4 books including a bestseller (2.4M+ downloads), awarded 45+ Patents, and published 150+ papers/articles.

PROFESSIONAL ACTIVITIES
Early Career: Research Staff, Bell Labs. Developed NMS/OSS systems including network planning and traffic management.
Activities: Founding President and Board Member, ISSIP, Editor-in-Chief, Advances of IoT Journal Senior Editor, IEEE Journal of Selected
Areas in Communication, Associate Editor, ACM Transactions on Internet Technology Co-Chair, Frontiers in Service Conference
Education: Postgraduate Program, AI/ML, UT Austin
PhD, Electrical & Computer Engineering, Washington University in Saint Louis
MS and BS, Electrical Engineering, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
Books:
1.“IoT from Hype to Reality, The Road to Digitization” Springer, Three Editions, Bestseller with 2.4+ million downloads.
2.“The Future of Work: How Artificial Intelligence Can Augment Human Capabilities”, BEP, 2020.
3."Network Modeling and Simulation: A Practical Perspective", John Wiley & Sons, 2010,
4.“Designing ATM Switching Networks”, McGraw Hill, 2000.
5."Service Provisioning and Survivability in Multi-Domain Optical Networks”, Chapter, Springer, 2011.
Patents:
1.“Method and System to Manage and Discover Network Elements to Optimize Energy Utilization in IP-based Networks.”
2.“Methods and Apparatus for Network Energy Utilization Reporting and Benchmarking”
3.“Method and Apparatus for Resource-Saving Network Digital Twin using Configuration Similarity Analysis.”
4.“Cross-Domain Probing Architecture for Computer Network Monitoring”
5.“Network Sustainability Index”
6.“System and Method to Estimate Network Disruption Index”
7.“Collaborative Telemetry Engineering”
8.“Network Disruption Index”
9.“5G Systems, devices, and techniques for registering user equipment in wireless networks using a native blockchain platform.”
10.5G Systems, Devices and Techniques for Managing Data Sessions in Wireless Network using Native Blockchain Platform”,
11.“Provisioning 5G Network Resources in a Wireless Network Using a Native Blockchain”
12.“Closed-Loop Automation of Managed Network”
13.“Native Blockchain Platform for Improving Workload Mobility in Telecommunication Networks”
14.“Securing Communications for Roaming User Equipment Using a Native Blockchain Platform”
15.“Blockchain-based NB-IoT Devices”
16.“Topology-Aware Attack Mitigation”
17.“Managing Big Data for Services”
18.“Machine Learning and Reasoning Automation”
19.“Enhanced Cloud Demand Prediction for Samer Data Centers”
20.“Managing big data for services.”
21.“Systems and methods for network inventory management utilizing mobile technology II”
22. “Method and apparatus for entitled data transfer over the public internet.”
23.“Systems and methods for network inventory management utilizing mobile technology I”
24.“Routing and Analyzing Business-to-Business Service Requests,”
25.System and method for providing a script-based collection for devices in a network environment I”
26.“System and method for providing a script-based collection for devices in a network environment II”
27."Method and Apparatus for Measuring the Availability of a Network Element or Service,
28.“Data Privacy for Smart Services”
29.“Isolation Approach for Network Users with Elevated “Isolation Approach for Network Users Associated with Elevated Risk”
30.“Approach for determining the real-time availability of a group of network elements”
31.“Link Sizing using Joint Consideration of User Behavior and Traffic Characteristics.”
32.“Policy-Based Security Management Controller”
33.“Method and Apparatus for Preventing Spoofing of Network Addresses”
34.“Method and System for Re-establishing Communication Link in a Network by Using Viral Communication”
35.“Method of Estimating Call Level Traffic Intensity Based on Channel Link Measurements”
36.“Network Designer for Communication Networks”
37.“Automatic creation and management of a community of things for IoT App Enablement”
38.“Mapping Occupancy/Utilization of Physical Resources Based on Energy Data”
39.“Auto Generation of Intellectual Capital Using Advanced Enterprise Ontology”
40.“Smart Energy Management in Data Centers”
41.“Time and Motion Data Fusion for High Fidelity Data Sets”
42.“System and Method to Estimate Network Disruption Index”
43.“Identification and Logging of Conversation Using Machine Learning”
44.“Method and Apparatus for Preventing Spoofing of Network Addresses”
45.“Policy-Based Security Management Controller”
Awards:
1.International Society of Service Innovation Professionals, Distinguished Recognition Award for Network Digital Twin.
2.Cisco Live Distinguished Speaker Award.
3.IEEE Distinguished Speaker Award.
4.ISSIP Distinguished Recognition Award for Optimized Data Center Power Demand Peaks.
5.Cisco Chairman’s Choice Award for Internet of Things Excellent Innovation & Execution.
6.IoT Evolution Asset Tracking Award, ISSIP Outstanding Founding President, IEEE Senior Member, and M2M Product of the Year Award.
Contact this candidate