Dawn Taylor, BSIT, CSPO®, POPM SAFe®
ad83j2@r.postjobfree.com
910-***-****

My career objective is to join a successful and innovative company, to use my talent and experience to be a Leader in industries supporting sales, financial, education and customer information systems. As a Product Manager, Product Owner, Executive Assistant and over 15 years of development and business analyst experience, I have a User, Customer, and Employee perspective. This experience drives my desire to help in all areas to lead change, guide and ease the path to bridge gaps, design ways to share knowledge and help employees and customers feel confident, build trust, and improve perception, to help everyone succeed.

Education/Experience:
SAFe5 ® POPM Certification
CSPO® Certification - Scrum Alliance® Product Owner
B.S. in Information Technology/Database Management: University of Phoenix (2003)
IT, Product Support, Training and Business Analyst background, which allows me to advocate for various teams.
Experience building partnerships with other teams within an organization and with external third-party vendors.
Troubleshooting and Analysis, to understand the root cause and details of systems, firsthand with data and analysis.
Experience with high-performance ERP Customer Service and Financial Systems.
Experience working remotely with a geographically distributed software organization included in multiple teams.

CAREER SKILLS/KNOWLEDGE

Technical Summary
Oracle Developer Suite
Oracle Full Stack Developer
EMR System (Practice Partner/MicroManage/MedManage)
Apache NetBeans
NodeJs
Visual Studio
PL/SQL Developer
API Testing UIs
Service Now
Office Professional/Office 365
Liquid XML Studio
Novell & Microsoft Network Administrator
PVCS Version Manager source control
Seapine TestTrack issue tracking tool software
Agile/Scrum Team and Leadership Training
Atlassian Software Development and Collaboration for Code Source Control, Ticket Tracking, Project Collaboration

Selected Accomplishments:
Rewrite functionality for correspondence activities to integrate with third party document imaging systems.
Major modifications to Payment Balancing functionality and interface to simplify code logic and to make the process easier for customers and less prone to bugs or errors.
Implemented Time and Attendance System Upgrade within two months of purchase and reduced payroll processing steps saving over $16,000 per year in time required by staff to process weekly and bi-weekly payroll. These savings supported Lean Thinking Objectives within the company and the staff is now able to focus on more value-added activities. This implementation combined with the other two locations in North Carolina and Florida saved the company approximately $90K annually, including company IT support. Benefits of the software continue to save the organization money in consulting costs due to system flexibility. I also provided end-user application training for the NC and FL sites, further reducing dollars associated with consulting fees.
Designed inventory program and forms to streamline data entry, month end accounting reports and manufacturing schedule processes. Developed system to track production, scrap levels and cost accounting module for financial reports. This system encompassed production, quality, accounting, engineering and tracked data from each of the departments. This resulted in savings of $56K annually.
Participated in the plan and supported the project to migrate Novell servers to a Microsoft network with Windows 2003 Server. Deployed desktop images at three locations and assisted with setup of images for both desktop and laptop users. The migration realigned the IT staff tasks resulting in a savings of $16K per year releasing more funds to other development and projects using recent technologies.
Developed maintenance work order and tool tracking system to reduce process steps and paperwork to reduce user steps and frustration. This system eliminated time taken for the users and the maintenance team to respond to work orders and track their performance as well as communicate to the requester the status of the order.

WORK EXPERIENCE

9/2023 – Present: Meridian Cooperative, Atlanta, GA
Implementation Data Engineer Lead
•Assembling large, complex sets of data that meet non-functional and functional business requirements.
•Identifying, designing, and implementing internal process improvements including re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, optimizing data delivery, and automating manual processes
•Building required infrastructure for optimal extraction, transformation and loading of data from various data sources using Alteryx and SQL technologies
•Collaborating with stakeholders including data, design, product, and executive teams and assisting them with data-related technical issues
•Collaborating with stakeholders including the Executive, Product, Data and Design teams to support their data infrastructure needs while assisting with data-related technical issues.
•Migrating all legacy systems for current clients and all new clients to the new Oracle Relational Database and new User Interface built using .NET framework.

7/2006 – 9/2023: Meridian Cooperative, Atlanta, GA
Product Manager/Product Owner/Developer Roles
Product Manager Role since 9/2020
Own the development of the product strategy and vision supported by internal and external analysis.
Define the product roadmap based on the strategy and vision, manage prioritization and risks.
Mentor developers, ensure team members have what they need to do their job.
Participate in Scrum, Critical and any related meetings.
Review Product Backlog with Product Owner and Business Analyst.
Discuss product features and needs with stakeholders and teams.
Motivate teams and bring out the best in each of the people on my teams.
Create and support an environment where people feel valued, free to communicate current ideas and offer fresh perspectives to continue innovation.
Effectively communicate between my teams, stakeholders, and Users.
Product Owner Role since 9/2020
Manage economics for each Sprint and understand which items contribute to the best economic decisions for the current Sprint. Collaboration with Users and the Stakeholders is necessary to manage economics at the release, sprint, and product backlog levels.
Participate in Sprint Planning, to collaborate with team and stakeholders to communicate what to build in the Sprint and the order of priority.
Groom the Product Backlog and refine, estimate, and prioritize the items.
Define Acceptance Criteria and verify each backlog item meets criteria.
Collaborate with Development Teams and with Stakeholders.
Negotiations with Improvements/New Features teams and clients.
Decision making skills used on a regular basis related to resources and for the team related to schedules and Sprints to determine if a version should be deployed or postponed, manage all personnel matters, hiring, terminations, drawing hard lines related to workloads, etc. As Product Owner, I must consider the economic view of all areas to balance business and technical issues.
Accepts full responsibility for the Product, committed to the team as a Scrum team member.
Senior Application Developer, Release Management, Support Product since July 2006
Designed solutions, integration solutions and architectural improvements.
Customer Information Systems developer for mission critical applications and new functionality.
Design, diagram, code, debug, and implement Customer Information System Applications.
Accountable for software quality related to business practices, federal and state regulations specific to each client.
Design and code screen layouts, graphical user interfaces, financial and government reports, and interfaces with other systems.
Report writing and programming using Oracle Reports and Discoverer Report writing tools.
Write process documentation for new functionality and bug fixes.
Function as a business consultant to clients for financial advice, business practices and customer system integrity.
Provide technical assistance to Quality Assurance/Support Group to reduce post release defects and ensure smooth transition of new software products or releases.
Assist other developers and provide technical assistance to IT Services members as needed to support the team and clients.

12/2005 – 6/2006: R.H. Donnelley, Cary, NC
Executive Assistant for National Sales Team
Responsible for National Sales analysis for various reporting projects.
Setup ODBC connections for Oracle databases to analyze data through ancillary reporting systems.
Develop and support interface for National Sales to track field opportunities and growth.
Develop electronic document to publish on website for easy access to National Sales Re-scope data.
Assist with technical needs related to equipment for presentations, laptops, and media.
Graphics design for various presentations and department projects.
Develop and support interface for National Sales Standing Orders for directories to publish and ship to clients.
Develop ad-hoc reports and analyze data as needed for the National Sales Department using various technologies.

4/2005 – 09/2005: PCS Medical Solutions, Cordova, TN
Software Trainer/Customer Support
Responded to trouble tickets by prioritizing user requests. Successfully resolved issues monthly without requiring escalation to a higher tier.
Help Desk Support to internal and external customers for hardware, software, and peripherals. Troubleshoot, research, diagnose, document, and resolve technical issues surrounding new electronic medical records system software and hardware related to pen tablets, connectivity, and new Windows 2003 server.
Managed backups for SQL Server and SharePoint Server.
Provided training to providers, nurses, and administrative staff for healthcare facilities.
Develop and deliver classroom curriculum for system and Windows environment.
Develop and maintain / update training materials for all software training to include Microsoft programs and other support or ancillary systems.
Provide on-site support during and after training sessions for all clients.
Internal development to create web-site functionality for surveys.
Write technical documentation and procedure manuals.
Aided with management of new installations, upgrades, and client training project plans.

11/1999 – 4/2005: Tiara Yachts, Inc, Hubert, NC
IT Technician/Executive Administrative Office Support
Served as initial point of contact for resolution of desktop/workgroup related problems. Troubleshoot, research, diagnose, document, and resolve technical issues surrounding Windows NT/Win 2000 Pro/XP, MS Office, e-mail, Internet connections, and hardware/peripherals. Responded to trouble tickets by prioritizing user requests. Successfully resolved 98% of issues reported monthly without requiring escalation to a higher tier.
Managed backups on servers and recovery of data.
Set up workstations and laptops for new employees and workstations to re-deploy, configured systems, ensured network connectivity, and installed and tested hardware and software.
Conducted research on network systems and helped identify potential bottlenecks and latency problems that led to alternative system purchase of equipment for expansion of WAN speed.
Responsible for all communication related to servers and phone systems for scheduled system maintenance, news, and updates.
Systems Administrator & Project Lead for implementation of Time and Attendance web-based system.
Developer for custom reports and data retrieval.
Provided phone system training, support for technical issues, system changes and wireless accounts.

1998 – 1999: CDM, Inc, Carlsbad, CA
Civil Engineering Administrative Assistant
Initial point of contact for Microsoft Office product troubleshooting and software support or issues.
Designed and maintained database and interface for document management system for projects with Senior Engineers.
Provided administration assistance by developing Word, Excel, and Access technology to simplify data tracking and maintenance of reports and charts.
Supported Senior Engineers on all projects for the City of San Diego Water Treatment Plant ($1 billion project).

5/97 – 12/97: Coastal Carolina Community College, Jacksonville, NC
Continuing Education Assistant
Supported payroll for continuing education instructors, created and supported ads for quarterly catalogs using graphics program, created new room scheduling system using Excel and course registration paperwork.
Functioned as temporary instructor for a Microsoft Word class.
Designed and maintained databases for data management pertaining to contacts, room scheduling, and Continuing Education Classes.
Developed systems to streamline manual registration processes using Access programming, Word and Excel and processed instructor time sheets using mainframe system for payroll.

1992 – 1996: FujiCone, Inc, Clinton, NC
Engineering Assistant
Designed and supported inventory program and forms to streamline processes.
Developed system to track production and scrap levels.
Designed cost accounting module to cost parts and create profit and loss statements for the accounting department. This system encompassed production, quality, accounting, and engineering and tracked data from each of the departments. Setup system through Lotus spreadsheet and dBase III programming for analysis and reports.
Leveraged understanding of ERP systems to drive functional improvements and find areas for process development related to newly implemented MRP system.
Technical Business Analyst between Users and Systems Groups/Developers for application support and changes.
Contact this candidate