Ilan Mazor
Email : ad84wh@r.postjobfree.com
Cell #: +1-858-***-****
Current Location: Homestead FL, 33032
Availability to relocate: will relocate.
US citizen: Yes
Education: BSEE, Tel Aviv University
Comfortable with travel : Yes
SUMMARY:
Ilan has over 30 years of experience in manufacturing and production domain as product manager, Process Operation Manager, Operations Manager, Electrical Engineer.
He is well versed and has proficient experience in Lean process and implementing throughout the process. Responsible for reliability of the production process by defining a Process Reliability Line and processing or development of new or improved processes.
He has managed support and production (custom and OEM team) and defines processing or handling equipment requirements and specifications for LAM Research. Also at ASML he was maintaining procedures for safety and for efficient and safe production.
He has demonstrated multi-tasking skill for applications, Microsoft Office Suite products, engineering and process support (CMP, Thin Film and ETCH also has Experience in PLC, Control System Robotics. RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
● Over 30 years’ experience in field support/engineer sales, product manager and process engineer.
● Projects supporting all phases from concept, design, and development to volume shipment.
● Demonstrated multi-tasking skill for applications, engineering and process support (CMP, Thin Film and ETCH).
● Strong understanding of market dynamics and customer’s future requirements.
● Strong decision-making, prioritization and effective planning.
● Use of methodologies developed at Intel and analytics for problem solving troubleshooting to component level.
● Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills and project management.
● Experience in PLC, Control System Robotics.
● Design, develop, inspect and improve the quality standards of operational processes and manufacturing outputs. EDUCATION
BSEE, Tel Aviv University
Israeli Air Force 1983 - 2 yrs computer science
Graduate of Orr Holon Israel, Electronics
WORK EXPERIENCE
NCR Florida
January 2023 -current
● Install software through new ATMS and quality control new software. ASML San Diego, CA January 2022 - January 2023
● Productivity engineer transfer from development to production new projects
● Production engineer that maintains procedures for safe and for efficient and safe production. Also responsible for:
● Define the observed production output with a Demonstrated Line.
● Determine the reliability of the production process by defining a Process Reliability Line.
● Define the ideal production output with a Nameplate Line. LAM RESEARCH, Fremont, CA January 2017 - December 2022 SR Process Operation Manager
● Managing support and production (custom and OEM team).
● Defines processing or handling equipment requirements and specifications.
● Plan projects involving definition and selection of new concepts. Equipment and automation technology.
● Coordinates design requirement review with appropriate engineer/scientific personnel to ensure compatibility of processing methods.
● Approaches in the processing or development of new or improved processes.
● Compiles and evaluates test data to determine appropriate limits and variable for process or material specifications.
● Project Management at customer site.
APPLIED MATERIALS CA December 2014 - January 2017
Engineering Productivity Group
● DSM development productivity Group
● Focusing on two critical tasks:
● Performing a diagnostic to identity ways to measure productivity of development
● Collaborating with client team to design replicable lean process that are analyzed and quantifies us productivity measures
● Leading Development of RFID based sub-systems to enable parts protection, residual value and parts tracking. Developing closed loop SOW’s methodology enabling parts metric information collection with RFID and continuous parts improvements.
INTEL - Oregon September 2003 - December 2014
Operation Manager
● Lead and supervise 15-25 pilot line Process Engineers.
● Management of 24x 7 work activities, team performance combined with factory safety, quality, output and cost goals.
● Managed CMP Production line in two shifts. Maintaining excellent high yield, the spec and throughout.
● Train, mentor and coach equipment engineers.
● Worked as Process and equipment engineer CMP experience with AMAT Mira Mesa and tool owner for meteorology tool (Nova and nanometers) CVD process lines.
NOVELLUS SYSTEMS February 2001- September 2003
Electrical Engineer
● Responsible for implementing leading edge process equipment into Intel’s manufacturing environment, including the training/mentoring of process engineers and manufacturing staff to utilize the equipment process capabilities.
● Provided WW engineering support for Intel Corporation’s Fabs. NOVA MEASURING INSTRUMENTS, INC. October 1997-2001 Intel Fab 11, Product Manager
● Responsible for application support.
● Main lead for Nova headquarters and its customers providing 1st and 2nd line support and interface between the company and customers. Managed all application SE upgrades and onsite testing.
● Managed overall improvement onsite while communicating with engineering, training customers and other FSE’s at Intel sites.
● Wrote SPECs for NOVA to enable the potential tool selections at Intel.
● Improved the overall TP and reduced both NOVA and INTEL’s overall cost of ownership while maintaining the company's gross margins.
Israeli IDF
● serve in the israeli army in upgrade aircraft to Israel standard.
Contact this candidate