*
Lilly Hao Wen
PMP Certiﬁed Project, Program manager, MBA
Email: ad84b0@r.postjobfree.com Cell: 415-***-****
LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/pub/lily-hao-wen-mba-pmp/6/8a0/707/ PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Cloud Technical Solutions Manager AWS 2024 – Present Owning and driving the acceleration of AWS cloud migration, new service and product adoption, implementation, service modernization on AI/ML GenAI Bedrock integration for Software Partner ie. Snowflake. Drove cloud cost efficiency, security and optimization by adopting AWS Trust advisor rec- ommendations on improving EC2 instance utilization and addressing S3 abnormality. Accelerated out- come by creating Snowflake opportunities transformation framework and portfolio tracker, established POC for Graviton 3 launch.
Co-Founder/Program Manager/ Product Manager PGMSC 2022- 2024 AI/ML-enabled web application/mob app design, development on cloud infrastructure. Requirement gathering, PRD, Wireframe UI/UX design, SEO, Vendor management, solution architecture, manage SDLC front end and back end, developed Prototype & Demo, Analysis payment system, API and AWS cloud solutions. Business development across real estate and health care, analysis, supply and demand analysis and P&L for commercial real estate, Productization, product portfolio and branding, estab- lished e-commerce for online store, managed global procurement and Ads, conducted market analysis and Website design.
• Lead generation of 5 key commercial and 1 healthcare clients
• Vendor selection for software platform developments Google, Mountain View, California 2019- 2023
Technical and Program Manager/ Product Manager
Ads Infrastructure, Google Cloud, Server Platform
Managed Platform, Infrastructure and Mobile App programs of $60M budget, product launches across 6000+ Eng Teams at Display Ads, Capacity planning and resource allocations for Google Cloud computing, built and adopted autopilot system, Task flow, Dashboard Introduced & implemented automation to re- source order, drove process improvement and server security program on PRDs and CUJs. Partnered with AI/ML product teams, Managed Ads App program supporting Ads Brand safety, Trust and safety and Ads integrity, senior leadership & stakeholders expectation managements:
• Invented a new framework/process to solve complex and ambiguous problems, initiated and led Truman pilot successful launch, Improved CPU usage ratio by 55% across 26x global regions, exceeding planned target by 30%
• Built cloud computing efficiency program from ground-up and implemented a new framework, led 50+ SWEs/SREs, exceeded the efficiency saving OKRs/target by 25% with machine cost saving over $5M, overall, saved the misses of product launches that gained the revenue of $150M, Improved CPU utilization by 35%, invented robotic tool with saving opportunities for 30+ FTEs.
• Improved on time launches, automated the ordering process, and turned over budget to under.
• Invented an automated system that reduced 50% of the time in ordering prep & submission. Created PRD, Product roadmaps, UI design, use cases, system testing and deployment for capacity planning.
• Managed Server DMA Security program and PRD initiations. 2
• Delivered the security features that had been blocked for two years within 4 months, saved over
$50M in security operations.
• Built the mobile App Crawl program from ground up, successful launched features for Ads Trust and Safety, Ads integrity.
Award: 2020 & 2021 Google Perf World-wide
Workday Pleasanton California 2017–2019
Sr. Technical Program Manager/ Service Delivery Manager DC Infrastructure &Platform Managed the operations of 25,000 server across 5 Global Data Centers for SAAS- based cloud products including helpdesk, incident management, SLAs and disaster recovery in production environment AZ and DR, managed the programs execution of firmware, switches upgrades for Site reliability, led a global team of over 25 Engineers. Managing VaaS VM upgrades and Open stack programs. Product & Program management from Design for Scylla on AWS Cloud via Kubernetes container, docker, APIs and servers that support Machine learning, payroll, business technology products.
● Upgrade Network infrastructure including software TOR hardware and software of ex9200 with reducing outage/downtime by 80%+ (~14 hours) across 5 global production Data Centers. Saved over $3.2M from paying penalties.
● Migrated services (BT, Payroll, data warehouse) from Bare Metal, WPC, to VMware to Public cloud with 1 week prior to the deadlines.
● SSL security certificate and RSA upgrade across PRD/DR entire global data center with success at first at- tempt.
● Completed TLS 1.0 to 2.0 migration that was blocked for over2 years within 7months, resolved customer issues
WWT/PG&E/Verisk San Francisco California 2015-2017 IT Project Manager Consultant Data Center/SCADA IT infrastructure Utilities Managed data center projects for DR, the network of Firewall, storages, servers and WSO2. Managed network in- frastructure projects as part of substation, electric distribution, and transmission operation program as well as gas and corporate IT & real estate operations. managed a large number of PGE external vendors contracts and internal cross-functional resources to ensure project delivery accomplishes scope, schedule, cost and quality goals. Man- aged the entire project life cycle from requirement gathering, plan/analyses, design, build, test, deploy to Go-live by utilizing MS project, and other tools. Managed concurrent PGE electric and gas distribution SCADA network projects.
● Upgraded the 20 years old legacy system to the latest technology, built a more robust and reliable SCADA network that monitors and operates the large Electric distribution system for corporate and end clients.
● Designed and promoted the process flow for IT and business units collaborations.
● Managing Audio-Video Smartboard, security systems installation, infrastructure upgrade with VOIP roll-out.
● Managed PGE electric and gas distribution SCADA network projects budget of $60,000-2,000,000, com- pleted ahead of schedule, under budget and exceeding customer expectations Moodys Analytics San Francisco California 2014-2015 Program Manager - Associate Director: Moodys Analytics San Francisco Run Agile daily scrum, iteration planning and retrospective meetings as a scrum master for financial analytics RFO program, Managed the entire SDLC for risk analysis, regulatory reporting and credit analysis includ- ing emergent features for HSBC bank. Manage global teams of 20+ business analyst, Java/C+ developers, QA testers and product owners. localization with UI, development team. Senior executive management re- porting: Velocity of a global dev team and SW released on time and on budget with high quality.
● Program delivery on time, under budget with exceeding quality standards and client requirements
3
● Implemented development technology (SDLC) framework and Agile methodology, managed on- going user stories development, coding, glooming session, QA bug fixes and delivered the pro- gram with high quality.
Varian Medical Systems Inc. Palo Alto, CA 2014
IT Technical Project Manager
Service Now & Data Centre Management tools global implementation: Requirements workshop POC, project charter, Design, build, testing and deployment via blended waterfall and Agile methodologies. Managed IT infrastructure Data center, network deployment projects.
• Managed SAP GUI Global deployment project from scoping, planning, testing, deploying, cost, QA..
• Managed internal resources and Vendors delivering SaaS- based solutions.
• Implemented FDA compliance Service operation procedures with implementing ITIL frameworks. Founder/CEO
PGMSC Consulting San Francisco, CA 2012- 2014
Business development, clients need analysis, lead generation, following-up, workshops projects objectives. Applica- tion system development: Booking payment system design, develop, testing, QA and deployment. Software devel- opment business requirement analysis, project scope, budget, time management, planning, quality. RFQ/RFP/RFI , created SOW based on client communication and requirement analysis, developed SLA service level agreement, managed independent contractors/vendors
UNICO Computer, Melbourne, Australia 2010–2012
Project Manager/Senior Business Analyst
Managed web-based software development ServiceNow implementation for service request portal: accomplished project’s objectives under budget and system go-live was 5 days prior to scheduled date.
• Developed business requirements for ‘Order to cash’ application software to improve processes via ITIL.
• Successfully managed the releases of Agile web-based projects and played a key role in closing $5M com- mercial contracts negotiated with Telstra customers. Additional Relevant Experience
ERICSSON, Engineering Manager (Global Service Operation Delivery Centre), Network Technical Lead
(GSDC LTE / GSM / CDMA / Data)
Engineers Management, Performance Review, Process Improvement, resource management, Budgeting control, SLAs, incident, Disaster recovery and K.P.I, managed a team of over 25 engineers to ensure the resolution of help desk tickets entails hardware software with 3 level technical support. Ericsson GSDC Sr. System & Network Engineer
Software and hardware deployment to national telecom network include installs, test, integration, data analysis, deployment and implementation of new or existing systems and platforms. EXCHIEVEMENTS & CORE SKILLS
A seasonal leader, innovator and problem solver with over decades experience and proven records in tech- nology leadership of driving large-scales and complex project, program, software engineering teams, team transformation and service delivery across IT, HR, Finance, Cloud, Internet, Telcom and Utility industries, led the teams of 60+Engineers globally across thousands new product launches, developed AI require- ments and implementations, the budget owner for 60M+ in Ads DC Cloud infrastructure, invented new frameworks and solutions to solve computing efficiency issues, reduced machine cost of over $5M, part- nered with 50+ product customers, initiated and drove successful Pilot project launch, delivered the results of CPU utilization increases over 55%, implemented changes across 26+ global locations, Invented and implemented a new system that reduced 50%+ operation time, saved over $1M per year for Ads capacity 4
planning. For SAAS solutions, improved site availability by reducing network downtime by ~80% and saved the business over $3.2M from paying penalties. Multiple Awards by a list of Fortune 500 companies. The areas of expertise include SDLC SW application design deployment, data center/Cloud infrastructure
& platform, IT, developer productivity via developing Server platform, increasing DC sites reliability and operation across Google Search Ads infrastructure, GCP, Cloud fleet optimization, Network infrastructure
& SCADA Software and hardware upgrades, Data Security, Resources capacity planning and automation. Business development and product management for Web and mobile App, MVP, prototype and deploy- ments.
Core Skills:
Technical Program Management Engineering Management Product Management Agile, SDLC & Wa- terfall Methodologies Data Centre Infrastructure Network Upgrades &Implementation Process Design
& Improvements Vendor & Contractor Management System Integrations & Deployment Team Manage- ment ITSM & ITIL
Technical: AWS Google Cloud JIRA HTML / CSS / Java script, PHP, MySQL, SaaS IP networks, SMTP, DNS, DHCP, VLANs, and VOIP SQL Oracle Database Knowledge Wireless RF Tuning LTE/WCDMA/GSM Systems SAP MS Project Smartsheet Tableau
EDUCATION
M.B.A.- Maryland University, Washington D.C. USA RMIT University, Australia.
B.S. Bachelor of Engineering, Telecommunication -Chang Chun Post and Telecom Institute, PRC
Product Management – Standford University In progress CERTIFICATION
• PMP Certified • CCT+ Certified
• CCNA Certified • Agile Scrum Master Certified
• ITIL V3 Foundation Certified
Contact this candidate