RUBY L. MILLER
***** ******* **
Humble, TX *****
Professional Summary
Proven track record in a fast paced and dynamic environment. Provide a diverse range of support to Product Marketing, Project Management, Sales Operations, Testing teams. Extensive experience in testing and requirements analysis.

Skills
Team building and decision-making skills.
Proven analytical and problem-solving skills.
Train staff and business partner teams
MS Office Suite, SharePoint, Webtrax, Access, USH, iTrack, U-verse Production Support Tool, Enterprise Table Management
Experience

AT&T OFFER IMPLEMENTATION – San Antonio, TX
Jan 2021 Current
Lead Product Technology
Develop and deliver multiple projects requirements for Fiber implementation for Bulk//SFU properties with an annualized revenue of $33B.
Develop and gather requirements and manage projects through implementation and life cycle for Acquisition and Retention strategies.
Coordinate and deliver production validation status to the business and key stakeholders.
Act as a liaison between requestor and development team.
Manage project/report timelines.
Facilitate report releases.
Ensure work is documented using Agile methodologies.
Support adhoc report requests.
Provide TA insights and analytics.
Create and update job aids.
Create and modify PBI visuals quickly to keep up with business changes.

AT&T Broadband and Video Sales Operations San Antonio, TX
October 2015 Jan 2021
Lead Product Marketing Manager
Production Implementation lead for fiber and video products Bulk / SFU properties, Retention, and Acquisition Strategies
Develop and implement Tech Dev requirements from Marketing Strategy clients’ annual deployments impacting ordering and billing applications.
Coordinate and deliver production validation status to the business and key stakeholders.
Business client and requirements analyst on new projects.
Liaison between Consumer Product Marketing and Tech Dev.
Manage U-verse and DTV test participant program.
Support offer builds, testing, implementation, and defect management throughout offer lifecycle.
Testing Coordinator for all annual deployments.

Sr Product Marketing Manager Oct 2010 Oct 2015
Production Implementation lead for Retention strategies
Production Validation Testing lead
Developed test plans and led over 100+ production validations for annual deployments impacting ordering and billing applications.
Business client and requirements analyst on new projects.
Liaison between Consumer Product Marketing and Tech Dev.
Provided support and U-verse billing expertise for CVoIP, Business HSIA, Direct TV, Convenience Fee, UDEMO/Ucomp/Ugov, Concession Affiliate Billing, U-verse employee discounts and audited and several other projects.
Supported offer builds, testing, implementation, and defect management throughout offer lifecycle.

AT&T Services – San Antonio, TX

Lead Technical Writer April 2007- Oct 2010

Preparation of Technical documents and training materials for CRM.
Proficient in CRM, Microsoft Access, Word, Excel, BOSS, SORD, SPORT, Visio, QC, USH (AOTS) and PowerPoint.

Southwestern Bell- San Antonio, TX

Oct 1998 - April 2007
Call Center Team Manager / Defect Resolution
Delivered new employee sales representative training, continuation training and management continuation training.
Managed agents to research and solve system defects and customer bill disputes.
Created job aids, lesson plans and presentations for training sessions.

Southwestern Bell- San Antonio, TX

Oct 1996 – October 1998
First Line Manager
Delivered new employee representative training, continuation training and management continuation training.
Created job aids, lesson plans and presentations for training sessions.
Education
Human Relations and Business Degree [BS] – Amberton University
Contact this candidate