Sandra Quintana Medina
ad89nm@r.postjobfree.com 813-***-****)
SUMMARY
Loan Processor, Product Manager, Administrator, and Trainer. Highly energetic, outgoing, and detail oriented. Able to handle multiple responsibilities simultaneously. Exceptional performer in a team environment as well as individually.
SKILLS

Consumer Loans - Disclosures and fees for (life, personal, signature, payday, payoffs, auto purchase, and refinance)
Home Loans - Knowledge: Disclosures, fees AUS, 1008.1003, credit report, employment/income, assets, appraisal, loan estimate, intent to proceed, anti-steering. (Purchase, refinance, condominium, VA, Conventional, FHA, fixed rate, USDA)
Microsoft Office, Excel, PowerPoint, and Word
Entering and understanding fees
Rate understanding and knowledge.
Deadline-oriented
Analytical
Report analysis.
Strong organizational skills
Problem resolution
Customer service expert
Active listening skills
Excellent multi-tasker
Superior communication skills
Top production and customer service performer
Persuasive, adaptable, collaborative and fast learner
Self-starter
Banking
Transactions
Teamwork and staff motivator
Opening/closing procedures proficiency
Product management
Account Representative

ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Top performer surpassing all goals set by the company. Client interfacing and collaborating with prospective clients to prepare efficient product marketing strategies and drive business development. Ability to work in a team environment or individually.
LEADERSHIP
·Initiative of leadership in small or large teams
·Available to solve conflicts/problems.

EXPERIENCE
SIGNODE INDUSTRIAL GROUP – TAMPA FL 07/18/2023 -PRESENT
Account Representative /Customer Service and ACS and Printing Support responsible for the Canada Team.
Process and Tracking submitted orders, review and apply the proper rates and prices to different company’s accounts depending on the product, Canadian and US territories.
Customer service expert and relationship builder: Multitasking in a fast environment with clients and employees that efficiently requires accuracy and communication resolutions.
Lead the ACS and printing department from Tampa’s office in connection with the Canadian Territory Managers and buyers for different departments.
Support the consumables and sales department.
Provide training in different areas based on what’s expected.
Collaboration with the pricing department eliminating errors with negative margins and prices.
As a team Lead, I provide projects and new ideas to our department manager/director to improve better communication and structure processing and tracking orders in connection with the shipping department and the different warehouses and buyers from manufacturing.
Top performer in production and eliminating errors and risk.
Help coworkers with Spanish and French translation to English.
SUNCOAST CREDIT UNION -TAMPA FL 09/18/2022 - 07/17/2023.
Loan Processor
Process consumer loans, (life, personal, signature, credit, auto-new purchase and refinance, payday, and payoff)
Customer service expert and relationship builder: Multitasking in a fast-paced environment with clients and employees
Training new employees
Preparing checks for the approved loans and following up with the Department of Tax Collector for auto loans
Review customer’s identification, credit, and proper information.
Review correct prices and rates depending on the credit scores.
Review government regulations.
Create and send the proper disclosures to the customer and underwriter.
Problem-solving and eliminating risk in different circumstances.
Collaborate with other departments.
Help with English, French, and Spanish translations.

CALIBER HOME LOANS ST PETERSBURG 10/07/2019 -04/21/2022
Loan Processor/Registration Analyst
Create case numbers before becoming an actual application.
Create disclosures, review, and enter fees.
Review all documents before pushing loans to the underwriter including Disclosures, (AUS, 1008.1003, Patriot Act, Run and review the credit report, employment/income, assets, appraisal, Loan estimate, intent to proceed, anti-steering, Homeowners Insurance, Survey, etc.)
Review government regulations in different states.
Train new employees
Collaborate with the closing department.
Top performer in production and customer service after 3 months in the company
Customer service expert and relationship builder: Multitasking in a fast-paced environment with clients and employees
Translate from Spanish to French - Spanish to English, English to French
BANK OF AMERICA TAMPA, FL 09/19/2016 - 9/27/2019
Bank Teller Supervisor / Second Manager Assistance
Assistant Manager and administration duties
Customer service expert and relationship builder: Multitasking in a fast-paced environment with clients and employees
Directing clients in the moments that matter to fully understand the need and fully resolve their situation the first time.
Understanding how clients engage via technology (online and mobile), financial center, and contact center to guide them on ways that they can improve their financial life.
Lead the Teller line, vault and inside ATM.
Top performer on referral to the business, home loans, investment, and banking departments
Made my financial center become a model and training branch for the territory.

AUTOEXACT, TAMPA FL 12/2016 to 7/2019
Product Sales Agent and Translator by contract

Sales in dealership events around the United States
Translate sales reports and emails.
Generated sales and inventory reports in Excel with data from a variety of sources
Sales to other countries like Mexico, Canada, Spain and France

INDITEX (ZARA CANADA) - Montreal, Quebec 05/2008 - 12/2015

Coordinated all department functions for a team of 100 employees.
Maintained detailed administrative and procedural processes to improve accuracy and efficiency.
Verified and logged in deadlines for responding to daily inquiries.
Coordinated meetings with other department managers and served as the main liaison between sales and engineering staff
Managed medical supply inventory, insurance records, patient charts, and company files using an online tracking system.
Scheduled and confirmed appointments for the entire management team.
Provided support for the CEO and sales team in managing operation workflow.
Successfully established effective systems for record retention by creating a database for daily correspondence tracking
Improved communication efficiency as primary liaison between departments, clients, and vendors
Increased meeting efficiency by developing meeting agendas.
Maintained and organized master Resident Index and information files in the master database
Train managers and other employees
Opened 10 different stores all around Canada.
Placed and moved products to different stores around Canada.
Collaboration with Spain to improve the new stock system and improve product distribution.
Block products and improve the top 10,20 and 40 for sales.

Hampton Inn and Double Tree Hilton- Montreal QC, Canada 2000 -2007
Banquets Assistant Manager and Server/Customer Service
EDUCATION

Lasalle College-Hotel Management Montreal Quebec, Canada 2007 -2009
Concordia University-English & French language Montreal Quebec, Canada 2005-2006
College Preparatory # 74-Diploma Mexico City 1996 -1999
High School Josefa Ortiz De Dominguez-Diploma Mexico City 1993-1996
LANGUAGES
English: Speak, Read & Write
Spanish: Speak, Read & Write
French: Speak, Read & Write
Contact this candidate