Michael Weiss
Delray Beach, FL ad8awk@r.postjobfree.com 516-***-**** linkedin.com/in/michael-weiss-99406357/
SENIOR PRODUCT MANAGER
Leadership Negotiation Team Collaboration Product Development Market Planning Organization
Articulate & solutions-driven brand professional with experience in developing and executing strategies to enhance brand awareness and managing/collaborating cross-functionally with internal & external team members to develop and grow market share and profits. Leverages industry product knowledge, marketing and advertising strategies, and creativity to provide best in-class services for stakeholders, and design and develop products to improve the user experience, retention rate, and revenue. Key strengths include adaptability, digital transformation, and the ability to deliver products to drive growth using innovative and strategic solutions.
Professional Experience
FANATICS, INC. Miramar & Sunrise, FL January 2014 – March 2024
SENIOR BRAND MANAGER, MLB April 2023 – February 2024
•Led product development and assortment of total products and managed relationships between internal and external coworkers.
•Maintained strong/lasting relationships and product and licensing for Major League Baseball & Fanatics.
•Created product mixes to be signed and brought in, handling inbound receiving into inventory and building Product ID's (SKUs) for each item (details available online/Go-To-Market).
Key Achievements:
Managed Fanatics Under Wraps Mystery Program, responsible for $5m+ Annually.
Oversaw Fanatics MLB Collectable Business that produces $10M+ Annually during first year tenure.
Achieved 10+ releases completed & 90% of the product sold out regarding Fanatics Under Wraps Programs.
SENIOR BRAND MANAGER, MEMORABILIA October 2021 – March 2023
•Managed full program lifecycle from inception and planning to execution, commercial launch, and closure.
•Developed New and Exciting Product for Fanatics and Hollywood Memorabilia Sites.
•Directed the Buying & Operations Memorabilia Team of two managers, producing $10M+ annually.
•Created new inventory processes during two company acquisitions using internal data tools.
Key Achievements:
Key contributor to a new model, creating new SKUs/relationships with 3rd party vendors to collaborate with Fanatics more closely.
Responsible for memorabilia deals worth $5M+ annually by collaborating cross-functionally with BTB Sales and Procurement.
BRAND MANAGER, MEMORABILIA & DATA ANALYST August 2016 – September 2021
•Developed new and exciting product for Fanatics Exclusive Athletes.
•Managed Hollywood & Sports Memorabilia product development and inventory.
•Developed and initiated more efficient data collection procedures to streamline operations.
•Coordinated with managers and leadership to prioritize business and information requirements.
Key Achievements:
Assisted launching of new company wide data program Domo by increasing awareness through advertisements.
Used creativity for existing inventory to develop new products, collaborating cross-departmentally with graphic and product teams.
ASSISTANT BRAND MANAGER, MEMORABILIA January 2015 – August 2016
•Assisted procurement processes of new and exciting memorabilia.
Key Achievements:
Improved processes and executed tasks regarding athlete memorabilia autograph signings.
SALES SUPPORT COORDINATOR January 2014 – December 2014
•Managed daily operations to prospect, engage, and onboard potential clients for the sales department.
Key Achievements:
Performed 100+ Outbound warm/cold calls per day, resulting in $60k in monthly revenue.
Areas of Expertise
Digital Product Management, Cross-functional Leadership, Web Analytics, Product Management Software, Quantitative Analytics, Market Analysis, SQL, Data Mining, Product Road mapping, Business and Technology Strategy, Strategic Partnerships, Team Leadership, Presentation, Account/Brand Management, Product Requirements, Customer Service, Relationship Management, Tact
Education & Certifications
Bachelor of Science (BS), Sports Management, Lynn University, Boca Raton, FL (President, Sports Management Club)
Business (NCAA Division III Baseball Student-Athlete), Drew University, Madison, NJ
Contact this candidate