Chimere Achilihu
ad8b3o@r.postjobfree.com 318-***-****
EDUCATION
University of Missouri – Kansas City Kansas City, MO
Master of Business Administration: Business Analytics GPA: 3.4 – May 2021

Louisiana Tech University Ruston, LA
Bachelor of Health Science: GPA: 3.0 – August 2014

CERTIFICATIONS
Certified Revenue Cycle Representative – May 2016 Healthcare Financial Management Association
Business Analytics Certificate - May 2021 University of Missouri – Kansas City
OnBase Certified Installer - May 2021 Hyland Software
Google Cloud Digital Leader – December 2023 Google Cloud

TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES (APPLICATIONS)
Salesforce
Database Management
Project Management
Agile
IT Consulting
SQL
SaaS
Cloud
JIRA

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Ultimate Kronos Group Atlanta, GA
Sr. Technical Product Manager May 2023 – Current

Drive advancement of product strategy and vision, resulting in the development of offerings and tools that align with internal and external initiatives.
Facilitate process improvement meetings with engineering, stakeholder, and development teams, to identify ways to define product roadmap in an Agile way of working.
Construct detailed user stories via JIRA, resulting in the resolution and improvement of technical processes and procedures.
Develop onboarding plan of GCP cloud products, integrated with UKG HCM software solutions, which led to a 35% reduction in setup time per customer.
Spearhead the development and release of multiple products while working closely with engineering, sales, and marketing teams, resulting in a 10% improvement in customer satisfaction.
Establish and monitor knowledge management processes, resulting in a standardized workflow for technical teams to follow.

Hyland Software Atlanta, GA
Solution Consultant 2 January 2022 – April 2023

Managed cross-functional communications between stakeholder and product management teams to identify best practice methodologies for emergent SaaS features and solutions.
Facilitated pre-sales discovery meetings to establish technical requirements, to develop a detailed Statement of Work, resulting in customer’s signature via internal Salesforce tracking.
Supervised a team of five consultants to deploy cloud solutions for a portfolio of SMEs, enhancing operational efficiency by 50% and improving data accessibility.
Guided internal enhancement directives to improve internal efficiencies by communication of company data management policies, cloud practices, and security measures to prospective and current clients.
Negotiated request for proposal pricing, resulting in won services opportunities ranging from $10,000 dollars to $500,000 dollars.
Spearheaded the integration of content management solutions, culminating in a 25% improvement in organizational transparency.
Delivered daily solution proposals to customers, to initiate the bargaining and explanation of impending software, cloud, data, and hardware implementation.
Coordinated with project and account management teams to schedule an orderly transition of won customer opportunities, to specified professional services team for project initiation.
Utilized salesforce reporting analytics to gain insight into critically sensitive opportunities, to develop detailed project plans, leading to negotiation and scheduled implementation.

Fiserv INC. Atlanta, GA
Technical Consultant January 2020 – January 2022

Controlled multiple projects with professional services, account management, and pre-sales teams by implementing strategic digital payment and enterprise content management solutions in alignment with SLAs, project proposals, and statements of work.
Establish strong client relationships by capturing key technical requirements resulting in updated series of documents for implementation and maintenance of software solution.
Completed SQL objectives such as database system backup, restoration, migration, and maintenance cleanup, resulting in seamless system optimization.
Led brainstorming sessions based on customer considerations and requests, resulting in strategic implementation of software solution.
Drove technical engagements, consisting of project budgets ranging from $25,000 to $75,000 dollars based on contractual obligations and requirements.
Managed all pass/fail results from end-users while conducting many rounds of user acceptance testing that resolves any issues and bugs with the system to receive final confirmation from customers and internal/external stakeholders.
Ensured data quality by writing and executing SQL programming queries for cross checking tables and identifying data anomalies, to optimize software implementation.
Liaised and collaborated with client and stakeholder personnel to identify potential risks, challenges, and areas of strategic opportunities in large scale and work products.
Advised C-suite and senior leadership via business intelligence analysis, to improve critically sensitive projects and programs, resulting in efficient allocation of project and product resources.

Hyland Software Kansas City, MO
Technical Support Analyst October 2018 - January 2020

Executed customer optimization, installation, escalation, and upgrade requests to enhance the customer’s ability to efficiently liaison between business and technical needs.
Defined system architecture of emergent customer solutions based on requirements from Hyland’s scope, document analysis, and process workflow.
Designed risk management portfolio, based on software development bottlenecks, resulting in 100% issue mitigation.
Drove analytical assessment of customer’s technical solutions, establishing groundwork for implementation of efficient healthcare software.
Facilitated meetings with clients and third-party vendors to troubleshoot and resolve business and technical issues, improving the customer’s overall process workflow.
Served as the primary resource for technical support of customer solutions, including security updates, database troubleshooting, network configuration, Windows IIS modifications, HL7 report modification, which established seamless system functionality.
Established a comprehensive feature roadmap for product releases, strengthening the organization’s product development capabilities.

Cerner Corporation Kansas City, MO
Consultant March 2016 – May 2018

Led current-state analysis of client kickoffs and developed detailed script requirements which aligned with client goals and expectations for the creation of new KPIs.
Launched a new electronic health record system in alignment with future-state solutions, with a focus on efficiency and scalability of the Cerner platform.
Championed the development and adoption of revenue cycle metrics, leading to a 25% enhancement in claim processing speed.
Integrated Cerner Content suite with Epic, Mckesson, and other EMRs, to provide full system-wide functionality, while achieving interoperability.
Managed fifteen-member project team by successfully overseeing design and development of go-live efforts, while managing risks and fostering a culture of continuous improvement.
Designed a fully scalable reporting system capable of analyzing and capturing key statistical data to aid in identifying waste, operational cost efficiencies, and increasing billing accuracy by 50%.
Facilitated change support, resolution management, and product training workshops, to adopt and maintain implemented systems, resulting in a 100% increase in knowledge retention via team workshops.
Summarized financial reports via Power BI visualizations, Tableau dashboards, and Microsoft Excel analytical models to identify trends, achieving a 10% reduction in operational costs annually.
Implemented Cerner EMR system across customer sites resulting in increased coding accuracy, while uplifting overall revenue by 20% within three months post implementation.
Contact this candidate