Terri Williams
*** ******** ******, ***** ** ****9
864-***-****

EXPERIENCE

TrueTimber Outdoors, Inc. - Inman, SC October 2022 – August 2024
Product Development Manager
Research and maintain strong understanding of Vendor Guidelines and Compliance for a major retail chain through their on-line portal.
Provide manufacturing factories with detailed guideline information to ensure 100% shipping on time meeting all requirements.
Create and monitor all purchase orders issued to factories as requested by Project Managers.
Monitor preproduction schedules by managing Weekly WIP updates as provided by factories and present updates during weekly Product Development Team meeting.
Manage RFID submission and testing via Auburn Labs to meet major retail chain requirements.
Coordinate with both internal and external teams on new Item Set-Up and Guideline requirements of smaller retail chains as requested by Project Managers.

Prym Consumer USA Inc. - Spartanburg, SC October 2020 – May 2022
Manager of Technical Services
Managed all Product Compliance and Testing for new and existing items through three direct reports.
Evaluated and created standardized Testing protocols in support of the Global Quality Management Initiative.
Organized the Internal Testing Status worksheet to provide visibility to Marketing Staff. Presented Testing Status updates via PowerPoint during monthly Department Staff Meeting.
Created Consumer Inquiries Log based on ecommerce inquires for a direct report which enabled her to present a high-level recap in monthly Department Staff Meeting.
Established formal Product Compliance Worksheet/Tracker to ensure on-time annual item testing for two major retailers (Wal-Mart and Michael’s) via third-party testing labs.

Assisted Vice President of Marketing with “special” projects including creation, organization, execution, and completion – a couple of examples:
Competitive market research and analysis.
Fabric Category strategy and implementation plan for e-commerce channel.

Provided support to three Brand Managers in projects as needed.

Volunteered participation in the Global SOT Innovation team. Lead initiatives in the first Innovation Workshop to be held in US.

CreativePointeDesigns, LLC – Johns Island, SC April 2012 – June 2020
Director of Merchandising Operations
Hired by original owner of Fabric Editions to manage the establishment of this new company.

PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT AND DESIGN
Evaluated targeted markets and potential products with focus on product development and program enhancement, conducted market analysis at retail stores and applicable trade shows. This provided the platform for the development of a new woven home décor fabric program - SquareByDesign®
The unique put-up of SquareByDesign® provided the retailer more dollars per square inch as well as drawing the customer into the home décor department with this new offering.
Cost analysis prepared and maintained.
Concept and launch of a Project Brochure program giving consumers a visual of the many projects that can be made with SquareByDesign®. Worked collaboratively with Development Team to oversee projects, photography and printing of brochures, the brochure drives consumers to the retailer’s website to get complete project instructions.
Result: The brochures increased the average ticket price.
Work with retailer’s Website Team to support and provide projects and instructions for the online aspect of their business.
Attend retail and consumer shows as well as trend shopping to keep abreast of current trends and potential motifs for new designs.
Work with free-lance Graphic Designers to develop new designs based on those trends and then sent to the weave facility Design Team for initial weavings. Continue working with the Design Team to maintain the integrity as well as cost of the designs.
Present new designs to retailer.

INVENTORY/PRODUCTION MANAGEMENT
Monitor weekly sales/forecast of retailer – Prepared reports accordingly.
Work with both the weave and production facilities to manage the flow of goods from concept through production to shipping.
Manage inventory between weave location and production facility to maintain inventory levels needed to ensure 100% complete and on-time shipments.
Conduct Quarterly as well as Year-End Inventories.
Research and reconcile any inventory discrepancies.
Daily/Weekly communication to facilities as needed, to ensure production on track as plan provided – Total Hands-On Approach.

Fabric Editions, LLC - Greenville SC April 1999 – April 2012
Director of Sales & Marketing – Studio E Fabrics (01/2008 – 04/2012)
Responsible for the oversight, direction and development of all new products created for the independent division of the company – Studio E Fabrics.
Launched a new division marketing strategy which included advertisements, product catalogs and a division website.
Defined new market trends and developed strategies for new product development and implementation.
Managed schedules for wholesale and consumer tradeshows.
Established and maintained relationships with sales representatives, distributors, and independent accounts, as well as defined opportunities for growth with customer base.
Hired division sales personnel and trained customer service personnel on new product lines.
Accomplishments include:
Yielded $1.6 million in sales during division’s first year and $1.9 million during the second year.
Developed 30 to 35 new fabric collections per year, totaling approximately 500 SKUs.
Assisted President and Planning Manager with yearly division financial plans.

Creative Manager (04/1999 – 01/2008)
Developed and managed private label pre-cut fabric program for major craft and hobby retailers.
Interpreted material needed and purchased fabrics and other components to develop new innovative products.
Developed new product lines while maintaining existing product line inventory.
Merchandised fabric designs, traveled as necessary to production facilities to ensure the quality of all product lines.
Sourced and developed new vendor relationships and ensured product confidentiality.
Negotiated pricing and ensured the company met the established gross margin percentages set by both the vendor and company.

PREVIOUS CAREER EXPERIENCE
Leeds Building Materials, Inc. - Atlanta, GA
MIS Support/Corporate Inventory Analyst

Enterprise Computer Systems, Inc. - Greenville, SC
Implementation Specialist
Administrative Assistant to the Vice President of Sales

William Cook Advertising, Inc. – Jacksonville, FL
Corporate Travel Manager

EDUCATION
For post-secondary education, completed two non-degree seeking, continuing education programs:
University of South Carolina, Spartanburg SC
Spartanburg Community College, Spartanburg SC

STRENGTHS
Inventory Management
Cost Analysis
Brand Merchandising
Production Management
Insight and Oversight Management of New Product Development
Marketing
Team Leader/Manager
Excel Proficient
PowerPoint Proficient
Excellent Communication Skills
Excellent Follow-Thru Skills
Ability to produce management directives with little or no supervision
Contact this candidate