KARL EPPS
Seattle, WA *****
310-***-**** ad8erl@r.postjobfree.com Example of Work
FILM ACQUISITION & DEVELOPMENT
Dynamic and team-minded professional with 10+ years of experience in a variety of roles within the entertainment industry spanning creative direction, production, and stage management, complemented with customer service experience as Prime Shopper Liaison. Highly-skilled manager and director, with proven record of planning and executing workflow, motivating crews, and handling multiple assignments simultaneously in high-pressure situations. Exhibits ability to research, organize, and analyze television data and dailies, scrutinize audience metrics, track trends, and meet deadlines while delivering creative insights that contribute to overall project success. Willing to relocate.
CORE SKILLS & COMPETENCIES
Production Management
Staff Supervision & Development
Conflict Resolution
Customer Experience Management
Copyright Acquisition
Scheduling & Planning
Budgeting & Financial Control
Tasks Tracking & Prioritization
Project Management
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Prime Shopper Liaison Amazon Seattle, U District Sept. 2018 – Present Performs a variety of customer service and retail tasks for customers, including assisting with shopping and bagging merchandise, communicating with customers to ensure satisfaction, and replenishing inventory. Works closely with other departments to maintain a positive customer experience and resolve issues in an efficient and timely manner. Selected Accomplishments:
Developed an idea for improving the customer service/sales process by offering customers a chance to view products in a more personal and interactive way.
Key Responsibilities:
Customer Service: Confers with customers to ensure outstanding shopping experience, including returns, exchanges, and refunds. Interacts with customers on a unique basis, providing exceptional customer service and a positive reputation among employees and clients.
Proactive Solutions: Provides first-level assistance and resolution to customers, connecting with them on a personal level to better understand, resolve, and communicate issues impacting the customer's experience. Recognized by customers and team members as a leader and subject matter expert in the field of customer service. CEO Black Pearl Media, LLC 2015 – Present
Established and continue to strategize and direct this media company’s creative decision making, holding oversight of developing strategic partnerships with entertainment companies, designing financial models for deal structuring, negotiation and closing. Selected Accomplishments:
Shot more than 39 pages of dialogue in an 11-hour period for an episode of Euphoria on a tight production schedule, ensuring that all content was delivered on time and of the highest quality.
Created, produced, and directed original pilot for television broadcast on BET Movies, featuring ensemble cast. Key Responsibilities:
Location Scouting: Scouted and secured location for television pilot of Euphoria to accommodate company's filming needs. Conducted interviews with cast members to determine appropriate emotional tone for scenes and worked with actors to determine best aligning for camera set-ups.
Production Plan: Developed and implemented shoot plans for multiple episodes of HBO's hit series, including creating floor maps and conceptualizing camera angles to ensure maximum efficiency and quality of footage. Managed and scheduled meetings with clients, agents, and producers. Organized and managed the schedule of everyone involved in a production from end to end. KARL EPPS 310-***-**** ad8erl@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE (CONTINUED)
Casting Management: Directed cast and crew for short films and web series, including actors, actresses, production assistants, and set crew members. Casted actors via zoom sessions, while also providing notes and edits on scripts.
TV & Film Producing: Managed the acquisition and development of scripts for television and film projects, negotiating contracts with writers and working with company executives to finalize contracts.
Team Coordination: Supervised up to 100+ staff and crew on a major television production, ensuring all aspects of production ran smoothly and on time. Worked intimately with a team of producers, talent, Studio VPs, and Director to develop a game plan for production including production budgeting, script analysis, casting and scheduling. Client Relations Representative Creative Planet (IMDB) Los Angeles, CA 2000 Worked with a team of filmmakers to develop and maintain relationships with new and existing clients, including the development of proposals for affiliate marketing. Served as liaison between producers and their clients, including high-profile socialites, well-known celebrity talent, and product placement firms.
CREATIVE PRODUCTION ENGAGEMENTS
2nd Assistant Director The Hughley's, Greenblatt / Janolari Studios Studio City, CA Managed day-to-day operations of television production, including talent management to ensure compliance with network standards and expectations. Supervised 100+ members of the Hughley’s staff and crew, while handling all union related paperwork, scheduling rehearsals and meals, arrangement of meetings and fittings, and creating budgets. Key 2nd Assistant Director Fraternity Boys, Warner Bros. Hollywood, CA Identified the set for Robert Townsend’s film, Fraternity Boys, implementing budgets and schedules, directing principle and background talent, and ensuring adherence to project timelines. Directed 150+ members of staff and crew, managing production schedules and conducting daily stand-ups to guarantee responsibilities were completed on time. Associate Producer Unbowed, Filmanthropic Hollywood, CA Served as Co-Producer providing support in handling day-to-day administration in production sets, while streamlining processes to secure funding for the film. Contributed to strategic decision-making in the casting and the film Unbowed, while continuously strategizing production of the feature film until completion.
Director/Producer Kinfolk’s, Pen and Paper FilmWorks Los Angeles, CA Directed and produced an independent motion picture, Kinfolk’s, handling the casting of talents and selection of production personnel to maintain the regular airing of the production.
Assistant Coordinator Sisters, Warner Bros. Hollywood, CA Supported a team of crew personnel and management of this Emmy Award-winning Warner Bros./NBC television series, ensuring streamlined administration of payroll, schedules, catering affairs, and production meetings to support operations during production. Stage Manager The Parent Hood, Warner Bros. Hollywood, CA Stage Manager Hangin’ with Mister Cooper, Warner Bros. Hollywood, CA 2nd Stage Manager Minor Adjustments, Witt/Thomas Productions Hollywood, CA 2nd Stage Manager Wayan’s Brothers, Warner Bros. Burbank, CA Assistant Associate Producer Cherry Street South of Main, Warner Bros. Hollywood, CA CONTINUING EDUCATION
The Nuts & Bolts of Film Budgeting: MOW, Feature & TV Films
Contact this candidate