Howard Lowe

Bronxville, NY ***** 917-***-****
ad8g3r@r.postjobfree.com

.

Accomplished Staff Product Manager with a proven track record of driving revenue growth and enhancing team development at Centene Corporation and Fidelis Care New York. Excelled in personnel and project management, consistently achieving challenging goals through strategic planning and effective stakeholder engagement. Skilled in addressing complex technical and financial issues, ensuring operational excellence. Experienced Program Manager skilled in managing functional operations and projects related to supplies and logistics. Advanced understanding of organizational strategies, financial management, procurement and contracting. Expertise in logistical analysis, inventory and supply chain performance, development and standardization. Thorough understanding of inventory management, procurement and acquisition regulations.
Skills
Personnel Management
Project Management
Team Development
Vendor Relationship Management
Cost Management
Regulatory Compliance
Work History
March 2019 - December 2023

Staff Product Manager
Centene Corporation, Albany, NY
Coached team members on productivity strategies to accomplish challenging goals.
Interacted with customers and clients to identify business needs and requirements.
Addressed and resolved technical, financial, and operational concerns by working with team members and directors.
Met with project stakeholders on regular basis to assess progress and adjust.
Addressed and resolved technical, financial, and operational concerns by working with team members and directors

March 2003 - March 2019

Product Manager
Fidelis Care New York, New York, NY
Coached team members on productivity strategies to accomplish challenging goals.
Interacted with customers and clients to identify business needs and requirements.
Met with project stakeholders on regular basis to assess progress and adjust.
Addressed and resolved technical, financial, and operational concerns by working with team members and directors.
Successfully managed budgets and allocated resources to maximize productivity and profitability
Managed senior-level personnel working in marketing and sales capacities
Education
January 1987

Bachelor of Arts
The City University of New York at New York, NY

December 1986

Political Science
SUNY Oneonta at Oneonta, NY
Contact this candidate