SONIA ENO
Phone: 706-***-**** Email: ad8p0x@r.postjobfree.com Georgia, United States
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/soniaeno/
PROFILE SUMMARY
Resourceful Product Manager with over 6 years of experience and a successful record of developing and implementing innovative strategies that increased operational efficiency, ensured product profitability and generated substantial business value. Knowledgeable in key product management functions, including user stories, creating wireframes, market research, user acceptance testing, A/B testing, metrics reporting, and launching products consistent with business goals. Adept at utilizing standard software, analytical tools, technologies and best practices with experience in user interviews, storytelling, customer-focused design, and data analysis to make informed, data-driven decisions to support innovation and improvement. Capable of managing the entire product lifecycle, from ideation to technical implementation, in collaboration with cross-functional teams and stakeholders to drive product execution and support digital infrastructure and consumer-facing service in the technological industry.

CORE COMPETENCIES
●Workday CRM
●Product Management
●Research and Trend Analysis
●User Stories
●Product Marketing
●User Experience Design
●Product Development
●User interface Design
●Design Thinking
●Product Strategy and Roadmaps
●Business Development
●Stakeholder Management
●Project Management
●Wireframe and Prototype
●Reporting and Documentation
Digital Marketing

SKILLS HIGHLIGHTS
●Software and Tools: Microsoft Office Suite, Airtable, ProductPlan, Figma, Adobe Creative Suite, Invision app, Workday, Google Analytics, Zendesk, Jira, FullStory, Pendo, Survey Monkey, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Python.
●Business: Product Management, user research, customer Interview, Digital Marketing Intelligence.
●Design: Design Thinking, User Experience Design, User Interface Design, Mobile Design, Wireframe, Prototype.
●Strategy: Cross Functional Team Lead, Agile, User Stories, Prioritization, Product Lifecycle, Product Roadmap, Lean Startup, A/B Testing and Experimentation, Quantitative and Qualitative Data Analysis, Business Management.

SELECTED CAREER ACHIEVEMENT
●Leveraged Workday CRM to track customer interactions, identify trends, and inform strategic decisions, leading to a 15% increase in customer satisfaction.
●Implement Agile methodologies within cross-functional teams to drive collaboration and innovate key performance indicators (KPIs) targeting streamlined onboarding processes, leading to a substantial 50% increase in end-user contract renewals.
●Significantly amplified end-user engagement through strategic go-to-market roadmaps, which expanded consumer media outreach opportunities, elevating product revenue by an impressive 15%.
●Collaborated with the design team to carry out extensive competitor research, price analysis, and market trend analyses, which led to the development of an innovative workshop for the first mobile app release and a 30% increase in user satisfaction.
●Achieved a reduction in monthly maintenance expenses by 40% while directing product budgets, deadlines, and resources for on-time delivery without compromising quality.
●Leveraged insights to proactively address stakeholder pain points, resulting in a 6% reduction in monthly churn.
●Led revenue growth initiatives by analyzing market dynamics and successfully aligning pricing structures, product features, and market positioning to maximize profitability.
●Employed data-driven insights and user feedback to tailor product experiences, resulting in higher user retention rates and prolonged engagement.
●Efficiently leveraged understanding of target market and user base to guide product decisions that met market demands.
●Devised and executed an innovative referral program for active customers, resulting in a 59% increase in new user acquisition.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Product Manager – CISION, Atlanta, Georgia Jan 2022 – Present
●Actively participated in developing a new SaaS platform that provides PR and marketing professionals with campaign management and press release distribution tools, driving the organization to the top 10 US Public Relations firms.
●Direct the formulation of a strategic go-to-market roadmap of essential customer-centric features by synthesizing insights from market trend analysis, executive consultations, VP engagements, engineering input, and user feedback.
●Ensure optimal aggregation of weekly reports to track bugs, scope, and prioritize the product backlog and effectively collaborate with engineering teams to swiftly address and resolve issues, significantly improving overall operational efficiency.
●Contribute to product development by integrating user research, market analysis, and customer feedback to implement customer-centric improvement into product requirements to ensure products meet end-user expectations.
●Consistently perform reporting and analysis of product performance and key indicators to support informed, data-driven decisions in preparing product development plans.
●Provide strategic and tactical product functionality and risk decisions while balancing acceptable tradeoffs between corporate goals, user goals, and scalability.

Product Manager – T5 Data Centers, Atlanta, Georgia Jan 2020 – Jan 2022
●Managed a portfolio of B2B products focused on account reconciliation, invoice processing, and vendor invoice management, which streamlined the money movement process between vendors and end-users.
●Developed meaningful KPIs in Tableau, successfully quantifying payment error rates and detecting processing challenges, which guided strategic decisions that improved the payment platform and resulted in a 30% increase in operating revenue.
●Managed end-to-end account execution, effectively overseeing contract negotiation, and driving exceptional service delivery, which reduced maintenance expenses by an average of 5% while establishing distribution networks in key locations.
●Utilized consumer surveys and in-depth market research to identify potentials for refining Data Center service delivery.
●Led comprehensive user interviews and in-depth research with end-users, expertly mapping user personas and behavioral models with quantitative data to inform product decisions.

Product Owner –EMCOR, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania Feb 2017 – Nov 2019
●Spearheaded the end-to-end development and successful launch of a cutting-edge B2B fintech product that transformed user experiences, driving prompt transactions and real-time monitoring capabilities.
●Collaborated with product managers, utilizing data-driven insights to answer questions and implement product optimizations for the digital payment platform.
●Worked closely with product and success managers to research and analyze data and adoption trends and benchmark information for digital payment product usage to understand User Experience and drive the prioritization of features.
●Created and maintained features and user stories in the team and sprint backlogs to ensure the product satisfies user needs while maintaining robustness, redundancy, and scalability.
●Consistently identified, defined, analyzed, prioritized and refined the requirements and communicate milestones and visions to the development team.

EDUCATION
●Certified Product Manager - The Association of International Product Marketing & Management, Reno, Nevada 2023
●UX/UI Certified - Udacity, Emeryville, CA 2020
●AI Product Manager Certification – Pendo 2024
●B.A. Mass Communication - Bingham University, Abuja, Nigeria
Contact this candidate