MANDY VALENTIN - CSM, CSPO
Phone: 267-***-**** Email: ad8qzn@r.postjobfree.com

PRODUCT MANAGER / ANALYST / PROJECT MANAGER

I have hands-on experience as a Project Manager, Certified Scrum Product Owner, Certified Scrum Master, Product Manager & Analyst with a proven track record in IT, security and Finance managing enterprise projects including NetSuite, ERP, CRM Salesforce, EPIC, Workday, SAP, JDE & MS Dynamics projects. I have hands on experience in creating documentation, project plans, process flow diagrams & backlogs.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Azure DevOps, Epic, MS Dynamics 365, Salesforce, CPQ, Snowflake, ServiceNow
Cloud, Tableau, Oracle, SQL, AWS, SAP, NetSuite, Java, Crystal Reports, SharePoint, Smartsheets, Workday, JIRA, Confluence, Acumatica, Power BI, APIs, Rest Services, .NET, JavaScript, MySQL, PHP, HTML, CSS, XML, Business Objects, JD Edwards, HPQC, TFS, Redmine, JSON, Google Analytics, Peachtree, QuickBooks, GXP, MS Project, Visio, MS Access, Excel, Word, Agile & Waterfall, Clarizen, EMR

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Project Manager / Product Manager / Analyst

1/2015 – Present

KPI Technologies, King of Prussia, PA

Worked with Agile, Waterfall, Salesforce, Jira, Azure DevOps, MS Dynamics, Oracle, ServiceNow, EPIC, Workday, Cloud, SAP, AWS, APIs, CRM, .NET, Smartsheets, NetSuite, JDE, MS Project, EMR, Snowflake & Tableau.

Responsible for leading scrum ceremonies as a Scrum Master including daily stand-ups, sprint planning, sprint review, sprint retro and backlog refinement session, as well as, helping remove any road blocks.

Responsible for product backlog refinement as Product Owner and working with stakeholders to define the requirements.

Responsible for creating and maintaining the project plans, project timelines, project charters, budgets, WBS, and managing scope creep and change orders as the Project Manager.

Proven track record in managing enterprise projects and customers.
Responsible for addressing bottle-neck issues and facilitating meetings to remove impediments.

Responsible for gathering requirements, creating user stories, creating process flow diagrams, creating SOPs, conducting GAP analysis, data mapping and impact analysis as an Analyst.

Ability to understand and address stakeholder needs effectively working with C-Level, Dept Managers, VP Execs and employees.

Excellent verbal and written communication skills with great problem-solving and decision-making skills.

Worked on ERP, Salesforce, MS Dynamics, NetSuite, JDE, SAP, Web Application, ServiceNow system implementations and integrations.

Responsible for participating in UAT and QA Testing and creating use cases that get translated into test.

Responsible with working with cross-functional teams in developing and implementing remediation strategies and SOPs to identify, resolve and improve system and business processes.

Responsible for performing data analysis on data analytic projects to identify trends and provide recommendations to enhance both marketing and operational decisions.

Responsible for vendor management and RFPs.

Responsible for risk assessment, system validation and risk management.

Instrumental in bridging the gap between developers & the business and acting as a liaison between the technical team and the business.

EDUCATION –

B.S.B.A. – Computer Information Systems & Finance, Rider University, NJ.
Certified Scrum Master
Certified Scrum Product Owner
Certified Project Manager, Comptia Project +
Contact this candidate