Megan Nelson
ad8tkc@r.postjobfree.com • 330-***-****
https://www.linkedin.com/in/megan-nelson-7269761a9• Cuyahoga Falls, OH
Product Manager & Compliance Professional

Resourceful and growth-focused professional with 15+ years of progressive career enabling organizational growth through Sales, Marketing and compliance initiatives and application of multi-industry knowledge.

Recognized for identifying user requirements, and developing products according to client requirements. Demonstrated success conducting market research, identifying areas of improvement, and implementing market-driven strategies aimed at achieving defined business objectives. Stellar record for accomplishing maximum customer satisfaction by answering and resolving customer questions and concerns in an efficient manner. Possess top notch communication and relationship building skills, known for unwavering ethics and dedicated to support continuous process improvement initiatives.
Areas of Expertise

● Strategic Planning & Execution
● Market Planning & Analysis
● Product Management Initiatives
● Consumer Requirement Analysis
● Market Trends Analysis
● Profit/Revenue Optimization
● Staff Training & Development
● Documentation & Reporting
● Relationship Management
Career Experience

Diversified Labeling Solutions, Itasca, Illinois 2023 – 2024
Business Development Associate

As a Business Development Associate, provided pricing and costs information to both internal and external customers, with a focus on turn around time and effective communication. Using adhesives knowledge assisted customers in better addressing application questions with their B2C customers for more effective solutions.

● Worked with Order Entry, Production and Customer Service to provide accurate estimates based on past and current ordering information. As well as, providing feedback for material changes and customer application feedback.
● Resourcefully applied historical pricing information to associated departments to allow for accurate application of additional charges and processing challenges.
● Facilitated updates to quotes that provided better margin retention due to historical errors and Production material changes.

Geo Global Partners, Aurora, Ohio 2022 – 2023
Sales Analyst

Functioned as Analyst for National Accounts Sales team providing forecasting and sales information, in addition to compliance and product recommendations for account roll outs. Transitioned into primary sales role for both store and E-com accounts, providing customers with additional product support and recommendations, in addition to providing training and support intra- and inter- departmentally.

● Provided essential forecasting and sales information for company production planning to the National Accounts sales Team as well as, Operations and Supply Chain.
● Presented accounts with product recommendations for store and E-com channels based on customer profiles and marketing research. Managing customer portal communication, in addition to compliance requirements and process.
● Facilitated compliance initiatives and process implementation between customers, Account Management, Accounting, Logistics and Sales, decreasing Data Quality and Transportation Compliance costs.

Outerbox, Copley, Ohio 2021 – 2022
Account Coordinator

Facilitated interdepartmental and external communication between Clients, Developers and Marketing departments for the purpose of website development and issue resolution. Provided detailed and multi-platform training documentation to clients for pre-and post-launch support for web development projects.

● Provided training to clients on Active Collab, Onveos, WordPress, and Shopify platforms with the addition of video and written processes for pre- and post-launch support for clients of a variety of technical backgrounds.
● Delivered pre- and post- launch support and knowledge for applications aimed at achieving defined timeline and launch goals.
● Assisted clients in identifying and populating company and industry specific content based on custom web development.

LLT Labels, Stow, Ohio 2019 – 2020
Product Specialist

Analyzed industry specific requirements and resolved application concerns to establish marketing pieces. Maintained seamless communication between vendors, sales, customer service, claims, and supply chain. Facilitated teams by updating pricing and product information for internal usage and published on website. Established filterable documents for sales use on applications and recommended material product lines.

● Enhanced new hires skills through quality training as well as updated industry specific training to current sales and customer service reps.
● Delivered pre- and post- sale support and knowledge for hardware, software, and material applications aimed at achieving defined business goals.
● Contributed in updating and building industry and application specific pages and SEO focused documentation in close collaboration with web developers.
● Identified options for application issues and completed an update to an essential adhesive applications document in consistent coordination with technical engineers and chemists.
LLT Barcode and Label/LLT Labels, Stow, Ohio 2010 – 2019
Inside Sales Representative

Facilitated customers with updated product information and pricing based on customer communication preference and professional knowledge. Coordinated with team from sales and customer service aimed at devising and executing processes for order entry and claims.
● Maintained seamless communication with vendors on quality and product questions.
● Recognized for often meeting and exceeding sales quotas of 80-90%.
● Expanded assigned territory through effective relationship building and increased the highest profit margin percentage on sales team
Additional Experience
LLT Barcode and Label, Customer Service Representative
Saint-Gobain Performance Plastics, Customer Service Assistant
Ohio University Anthropology Department, Research Assistant
Specialty Books, Cashier and General Merchandise Assistant
Educational Background
Bachelor’s degree - Double major in History and Anthropology
Ohio University Athens Campus, Athens, Ohio
Contact this candidate