PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

A digital product & marketing strategist, data analytics AI/machine learning & data science expert identifying predictive business trends focused with a knack for speeding increased profitability. Deep banking, and credit card transactions history including inventor of the Device Fingerprint and a track record of minimizing fraud, increasing sales and maximizing pricing intelligence at companies like Microsoft, Schwab, Paypal and Blizzard.

23 years as principal and senior product manager with launched AI Chatbots & Machine Learning Apps for Tmobile-Facebook & Microsoft Bing/Research. Moved the lever of Microsoft Azure IoT sales to global 100 firms using data science, leads marketing data visualizations and regression analysis / 3D Visualizations to help technical teams identify and rectify lost revenue from Azure workstreams. Helped drive Microsoft Azure sales from $100M to $1Bn in a 6 month timeframe.

Managed $500M lines of business with budgets up to $25M and a history of aggressive launches exceeding revenue targets. A scope focused wizard of product roadmap planning, data driven decisioning and driving aggressive schedules for moving data to new streams and data glide paths that are revenue and customer centric. Capable of seeing data ghosts- areas where your data could be better maximized.

A product innovator with deep technical chops to inspire and engage engineers to meet aggressive “C” level expectations. High profile projects include Disney’s Iphone app for Walt Disney world, Starbucks Mobile order and Pay (APIs and architectural thought leadership). Created a $20M per TV show revenue stream for AT&T Wireless and then asked to drive the $1BN line of business for AT&T MediaMall games/ringtones/streaming content.

Makes “data driven” decisions using strong customer centric understanding of optimal UX customer flow patterns, and using metrics shows executives a story of where improvements or revenue increases are possible. Strong dashboard visualization skills Liveperson call center apps, PowerBI, PowerAutomate, Adobe Analytics/Omniture/Tealeaf etc. risk/fraud tools and capable of managing $MM capex budgets, epic grooming and overall multi-project resourcing & scheduling.

Deep expertise in GDPR/CCPA privacy, patents in identity/internet of things, customer identity & profile data hub consolidation, innovative processes for risk/fraud, ecommerce transaction and digital cart optimization. Managed regulatory, risk and compliance audits at VP & DPO levels at AT&T, PayPal, Microsoft and Expedia. Leveraged Microsoft tools and AI Data mining techniques to build a security product “Riskbot consumer tool” to show Microsoft Bing Ads & News executives where their highest revenue possibilities as well as risk exposure, stack ranked their services by risk & automated risk mitigation actions. Patent holder of the device fingerprint and IOT Internet of Things sensing zone technology used by Ebay, Bank of America and others.

Product Launches include Microsoft Research- Product “Microsoft Academic”, Intune Mobile App Mgmt, Walt Disney World Iphone app, Expedia Hotels site, AT&T American Idol SMS program, Starbucks Mobile order and pay, PayPal AMDL4 money laundering compliance, PayPal & Microsoft GDPR Privacy, Security Compliance, ISO & audit support. Driven to inspire teams to create the customer’s highest and best experience while exceeding security and privacy mandates.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

MICROSOFT –
AI – CHATBOT FOR MICROSOFT STORE - PRINCIPAL PRODUCT MANAGER – CHAT GPT4-0 STORE ASSISTANT CHATBOT LAUNCH
(SEATTLE, WA) MARCH 2024 – PRESENT
Managed metrics, quality and engineering launch for 2 phases of Microsoft Store’s Presales + Support Chatbot - based on Copilot and ChatGPT 4.0

Drove 6X increase in chatbot based presales closings with Chatbot launch
Built methods that allowed automation to contribute to a net $440M decrease in operational costs for support and presales
Worked with Machine learning data scientists to evolve how we educate the chatbot on detailed technical and sales specifications and built a tie-in with Knowledge Base advocate guidance documents
Prompt Engineering & utterance design to enhance how engineers think about the strategic goals of an influence selling chatbot
Prompt / Utterance and product matrix creation & training for 30 person testing for of Consumer and Commercia Presales teams for Office, Xbox, Surface, Accessories and all non Azure MS Software. Drove towards a > 96% pass rate
Working with Semantic engine and PowerBI developed a matrix of KPIs and key chatbot tracking metrics such as conversation turn and rate of accuracy to determine chatbot success towards sales goals
Worked with business units to design connectivity of Chatbot to Microsoft existing outbound marketing technology BeamBot for a continual conversation mode especially regarding orders and delivery improvements
Built a concept of keyword trees and built metrics methodology to use linguistics to track chatbot fails and identify areas of growth or possible extensions to the toolset recommendations

CHARLES SCHWAB – ENTERPRISE MIDDLEWARE – SR. PRODUCT MANAGER – DIGITAL FRAUD - RISK DATA SERVICE & LEADS MARKETING
(SEATTLE, WA) MAY 2022 – AUG 2023
Managed a team of developers in the Client Authentication group within Digital Services at Schwab.

Managed Client Authentication (Forgot your Password, Login, Forgot your Login, Device ID/Trust, Credential Creation journeys, flows and middleware APIs for the secure authentication of over 20M clients.
Working with Marketo Engage automation, modified current Schwab Leads process for marketing funnel onboarding into new accounts driving a 5% increase in converted customers.
Managed all 5 Schwab Channel Onboardings to the Login Experience including wrote all Epics/Stories and managed developer and business stakeholder schedules and delivery for over 5 separate workstreams.
Innovated delivery to streamline speed of developer testing configurations to make each new onboarding easier and faster by 20%
Worked on dashboard tracking of device ID Launches using an advanced feature flag throttle to monitor calls to call center and ensure quality no issue launch
Denied Party Screening (DPS) for 3rd parties and other access identity program management including ip list blacklisting and SDN global bad actor filtering

Managed a team of developers and data science engineers to build a generic risk data service to provide risk scores from various data models including senior scams, money movement transaction fraud and suspicious logins

Identified $50M + in fraud mitigation by capturing the overall number of transactions prevented or money moved out of Schwab as the result of a Risk Data service
Managed data science teams, API architects, business owners, & Managed risk groups to collaborate on a single risk data service to provide risk data realtime to Schwab login or money movement transaction calls
Provided leadership on SQL database, Google Big Query, Jupyter Notebook and MapR DB and JDBC connector requirements to make sure data is cached and ready for realtime or pipeline based calls
Built an enrichment standardized protocol for config based flexible modifications to data science tweaks to datasets needed to calculate realtime risk scores or risk indicators
Created requirements for logging and dashboards of all data models being used at Schwab to standardize and make generic the ways these models are operationally digested by Managed risk organizations
Built a generic Risk Data Service architecture and endpoint called by an enterprise middleware tier to deliver multiple different data model scores to help approve/deny or delay money movement or login transactions

MICROSOFT – CUSTOMER SUCCESS UNIT – SR. GLOBAL PRODUCT MANAGER IOT STRATEGY – INTERNET OF THINGS - CUSTOMER AND PARTNER ORG
(SEATTLE, WA) OCT 2021 – AUG 2022
Delivered $1BN business via MSXi Reporting, Data Science Predictive and Proactive Visualizations and Azure Consumed Revenue Acceleration Motions

Took a $100M IoT (Internet of Things) Customer Success unit to $1BN in revenues. Reversed the monthly trend that of missing its revenue targets (Across all 3 regions APAC, EMEA, Americas) and accelerated growth thru financial predictive data science analytics and visualizations. Built a dormant IoT hub visualization that allowed pinpoint account actions to drive revenue.
Coordinated with telemetry engineering, data science and machine learning teams, business intelligence and Power BI developers and field sales leaders to create a weekly cadence ‘proactive and predictive’ account view of IoT Messaging (IoT data passing thru IoT hubs and gateways).
Delivered strategic insights on Marketing leads conversions to customer sales, Sales forecasting, revenue opportunities, cloud service workload adjacency analysis and pipeline improvement, customer feature and milestone acceleration thru prioritized metrics and proactive weekly touchpoints with key field technical teams. Worked with MS CSS and CXP teams.
Became expert in Azure Health Report, Microsoft pipeline and leads generation system and Azure Enablement Scores metrics to build combined views for our solution architects to drive weekly prioritization of accounts and action.
Built customized IoT Device visualizations pinpointing both growing industry segments and market leaders as well as pinpointing lagging accounts with reversals in device deployments resulting in EMEA fine tuning it’s strategic focus on 2 new emerging IoT Market segments
Mentored IOT Solution architects to using complex telemetry dashboards to proactively attend to customer needs and improve architectures, solutions and IoT device and gateway uptime
Led team to deploy over 30 Financial “health of the business” Reports to show Global Field IoT Customer Success Unit’s how to accelerate Azure sales, product sales, product streamlining and removing impediments to growth.
Collaborated with multiple groups to build a propensity model that predicted the top 300 accounts which would drive revenues in FY22 and FY23 and built must grow and must win lists for field solution managers

BLIZZARD ENTERTAINMENT
(SEATTLE, WA) JUNE 2021 – OCT 2021
Sr. Risk & Fraud Product Manager – Battlenet Operations Platform Call of Duty, World of Warcraft, Overwatch, Diablo
Worked with Blizzard Marcomm teams to modify and improve the total customer path from moment they discover a Blizzard product thru the Search, Discovery, SEO/SEM, Initial Customer Mini Profile thru to final creation of customer account and managing the entire fraud possibilities and removing 50% of the fraud by using IP address analytics and machine learning on the patters of fraud
Implemented Microsoft Dynamics Fraud for the realtime web purchase cart transactions before going to fraud agent reducing by 80% the charges that flowed out to the analyst queue. Tweaked the tool to work with other incoming streams of fraud such as flyhacking, bot detection and repeat player abuses.
Worked with chargebacks team to design and rework APIs for chargebacks & friendly fraud using tools such as Kount with the goal of streamlining and improving flow of customer thru the shopping cart experience in a refund scenario
Captured $15M in lost revenues with this project back to the bottom line. Innovated a data model for storing and managing IP addresses known to be fraudulent from across all games using Maxmind for IP risk address detection and deflection. Expanded Maxmind tool to support newly identified geographies and IP addresses discovered related to InGame Economy Fraud detections.

MICROSOFT RESEARCH AI+R ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE & MACHINE LEARNING
(SEATTLE, WA) APR 2019 – DEC 2020
Sr. Product Manager – Privacy & Security “Risk Scoring Model” Product– AI+R Division + Bing Search Ads & News
Built a growth agenda around a new industry leading consumer digital product “Cloud Security RiskBot” tied to Azure services using data mining of telemetry, metadata and release data, combined with automated messaging & chatbots to visualize and SCORE app risk. Held creative ideation sessions to build a growth agenda around Azure based products for Microsoft. Built the strategy and showed VP’s the top 20% riskiest services and allowed prioritization of funding and manpower based on such insights. Automated risk mitigation messaging to engineers driving a 50% higher response to compliance by teams.
Led engineering team and managed a $10m budget for Secure Workstation (SAWs) driving engineer adoptions of these SAWs across a team of 10 engineer experts across 5 security initiatives across all of Bing Search, Ads and News and Microsoft Research. Built a Security Champ horizontal structure over 5 main vertical engineering teams to quickly deploy latest security requirements.
Showed VP’s the top 20% riskiest services and allowed prioritization of funding and manpower based on such insights. Automated risk mitigation messaging to engineers driving a 50% higher response to compliance by teams.
Reduced from 6,500 to less than 500 persistent admins (insecure password accounts) across all Bing and Microsoft Research technology offers. Met a 15% increase per month in compliance success per team meeting the goal 4 months ahead of schedule. Partnered with the Secure Access workstation team to drive enforced usage of proprietary access devices to Microsoft’s most secure service vaults.
Managed applications for security / password strategy & IOT internet of things to allow apps on IOT networks on Microsoft’s corporate network used by Microsoft research, permitting less stringent IOT network access yet defining network boundaries to protect Microsoft corporate VPN from IOT infiltration, lateral movement or account breach.
Gave VP’s a way to graphically visualize persistent admin password security goals to drive down metrics 3 months earlier than projected.
Product Innovated the concept of risk indicators, risk signals and risk triggers towards developing a proactive security risk posture across Microsoft products. Took existing data and made it actionable and financially relevant.
Automated 30% of all outbound communications using chatbots for sending Privacy and Security Compliance engineer reminders showing remarkable and actionable details of exactly how they were out of compliance & clear steps to return back to compliance using PowerBI, and Microsoft PowerApps.
Drove Identity Management & security on Azure Directory & Azure Active Directory, Power BI Dashboards, ServiceTree, Azure Score etc. for Protect the Admin Programs driven horizontal to 2,000 subscriptions & 9 CVP orgs in Bing and Microsoft Research. Innovated metrics dashboards so VP’s could identify managers quickly to help task the work with minimal impact to product release.
Built the Microsoft Wide Strategy for Zero Trust Network, Cloud Security Scanning Initiatives such as AZSecPack, TSL/SSL Deprecation, Post Quantum Cryptography, Right Sized Compliance & Edge Boundaries Management

PAYPAL (SEATTLE, WA) APR 2018 – MAR 2019
Global Product Manager – Privacy & Regulatory Group – Consumer & Merchant Experience
Managed a $20M Mergers and acquisition budget with VPs to evaluate privacy limitations and/or help integrate these company’s consumer products into PayPal consumer offers.
Served as a Digital Strategist for 250 PayPal Products, while implementing a global privacy program for all of PayPal Consumer and Merchant Products.
Translate complex regulatory requirements and collaborating with legal, marketing, VPs and 3rd party partners, deployed GDPR compliance 3 months sooner than required.
Supported Mergers & Acquisitions VP to integrate 3 companies in less than 6 months working with the Data Protection Officer & VP of Privacy to start generating new acquisition revenues 3 months sooner than projected. Technical leader to tweak and enhance product architecture for aggressive strategic rollout schedules.
Prepared Paypal products to allow for IOT Internet of Things transactions by supporting complex privacy/security environments to maintain the same or higher PayPal transaction security standards.
Implemented privacy across all public and private PayPal Cloud implementations including regulatory impacts from data movement and data center evaluations
Implemented GDPR & E-Privacy standards in 39 EU Countries as well as coordinated AMLD4 Guest compliance as well, working with 45 product teams, and 60 engineers.
Built a cookies and pixel tracking governance program working with product, security and identity teams to redefine how we categorize cookies and building controls so customers can opt out of cookies. Deprecated hundreds of unused cookies and satisfied all regulatory requirements within 6 months of launch.
Redefined how PayPal handles fraud cases such as identity hijacking and built a customer care protocol to manage when customers experience this kind of fraud to swiftly react and support customers.
Reported to VP all Status, all resource needs, suggested new approach to regulatory approach that prevents litigation and improves regulator confidence in PayPal.

MICROSOFT (SEATTLE, WA) Aug 2017 – Apr 2018
Sr. Privacy Product Manager – Intune Group
Worked with the entire Intune Enterprise Mobile Computing Group & Cloud Migration to set the Privacy Program and manage rhythm of the business privacy reviews.
Worked on building privacy for Azure Database, SQL and Identity Graph, COSMOS reports, BYOB Mobile Devices, IOT Internet of Things policy and product definitions
Working with Security, identity and certificate teams, ran a series of security tools on Azure cloud and Enterprise Cloud implementations including inadequate password tools and pen testing tools to identify ways to automate improving Microsoft’s overall approach to security.
Owned Monthly Privacy Office Hours schedule, coordinated with Legal (CELA) and Compliance stakeholders to ensure Microsoft protects customer and IT Worker privacy throughout it’s entire Intune and Azure based platforms
Set policy for ensuring GDPR – Global Data Protection Regulations compliance by implementing Microsoft policies such as data classification, data tagging, DSR Notifications, Privacy Terms and Conditions and ‘Consent’ guidelines as well as reviewing changes to UX Wording to support privacy initiatives
Created the process for all privacy reviews to be consistent with a template powerpoint deck and a process of reminders and calendar reviews to ensure stakeholders came prepared for successful reviews.

T-MOBILE (SEATTLE, WA) Feb 2017 – Apr 2017
Sr. Product / Program Manager – T-Mobile Facebook Messenger Chatbot Deployment
Managed a $2M Budget to work with over 57 workstreams, and 28 team leads to launch a Facebook Messenger Chatbot that sells T-Mobile cellphones. Built a world class intelligent chatbot agent on aggressive schedules with strong Facebook, Liveperson and Chatbot vendor support for a first in the world e-commerce chatbot for mobile phones.
Built the digital strategy for a chatbot that drove increased Cellphone sales including a Shopify + Facebook innovative social media streamlined checkout experience.
Managed all schedules, resource, ad-spending budget, vendor contract, vendor and team leads for coordination across T-Mobile sales, device teams, Telesales, customer care, social media and developer/technology groups. Maintained strict adherence to existing process and structure to map to a chatbot style of interaction.

MICROSOFT RESEARCH (SEATTLE, WA) Aug 2016 – Nov 2016
Sr. Data Science Product Manager & Release Manager- Microsoft Academic – Semantic Search
Worked with frontend and backend engineers to launch a Big data and machine learning using object oriented web service for semantic search site similar to Google Scholar called Microsoft Academic. Shaped all product decisions as well as product ship and release activities.
Wrote COSMOS queries as well as Azure SQL and data lake queries to feed management dashboards of items ingested to graph and items blacklisted.
Managed the release with Bing Answers team to allow an intelligent response to a typed paper including details about the author and links back to the MS Academic system. Included it in the Cortana response and worked with legal and privacy to get release clearance of all versions of software including APIs

EXPEDIA (SEATTLE, WA) Jan 2016 – Jun 2016
Sr. Technical Product Manager- User Identity, SSO, Acquisition, Retention and Engagement for Flights Customers
Managed team of 3 developers and 2 product managers to Drive ~15M in new revenues and built a 120 day roadmap for the continuous shopping funnel for engagement, acquisition and retention of Expedia Flights customers. Design strategy, engage across company stakeholders and communicate vision.
Drove 2,000 anonymous user emails per day or ~ 750K New non Expedia customer email signups per year with strategic and aggressive product launch methodologies. Stored email and customer preferences in an Oracle RDBMS system and built automatd queries for montly reporting.
Created the metrics and dashboards to drive signups for price alerts to engage and capture anonymous site visitors to commit transactions with Expedia including millennials and hard to capture customers.

EBAY (SEATTLE, WA) October 2015 – Jan 2016
Sr. Product Manager- Online Identity Service
Crafted an end-to-end Online Identity API Service to deliver full customer identification in realtime within session and for multiple business use cases including fraud prevention, shopping personalization, ad traffic re-targeting and millennial customer aggregation.
Worked with Oracle RDBMS (PL/SQL) and other retail packages to manage the customer preferences and built an API to interact with Bullseye and our Identity entities to quickly surface up customer identity.
Architected industry leading technology solution involved managing Petabytes of data, an offline data warehouse that used state of the art graph algorithms, in Memory NoSQL stateless stores and less than 10MS access responses to complex queries.

DISNEY (SEATTLE, WA) March 2015 – Oct 2015
Sr. Mobile Product Manager- My Disney Experience Iphone + IPad App
Digital strategist to drive increased revenues and 20% early adoption of new Iphone services.
Managed a 3 mobile product manager & 8 developer team to deliver the Disney IOS / Iphone+ IPad App for Walt Disney World doubling revenues in 4 months to $38M in Ticket sales & improved click thrus on the Credit Card Functions within the application.
First in market launch of Apple Iwatch with iconic Mickey and other advanced first to market deliveries.
Drove Customer Satisfaction rating of the app from 15% to 39% + 4.5 star rating in Apple Store
Launched first in the US TouchID Secure Login for Mobile app using Apple’s biometric TouchID Application API.
Owned Product Management for the My Disney Experience IOS / Iphone Mobile Application including all releases, managing all development, UI/UX Story Development, release schedule, testing/QA and uploading to Apple Store activities

EXPEDIA (SEATTLE, WA) October 2014 – March 2015
Sr. Technical Product Manager- Hotel Checkout & Mobile Responsive
Owned the 50% revenue hotel checkout pages for Expedia, 248M hits a day and 15M commerce completions per day. Worked with analytics to create quality executive dashboards on customer impacting changes to the page.
Managed all Hotel Checkout page Analytics including instrumentation of Adobe Omniture analytics and TeaLeaf implementation including advice on Dashboard creation to monitor Purchases thru page

STARBUCKS (SEATTLE, WA) Apr 2014 – October 2014
Sr. Functional Analyst- API + Responsive Web & User Identity
Managed the HasOffers Mobile Clickstream, analytics and marketing metrics for capturing advertiser channel used to download the Mobile Starbucks application to track lifetime spend of customers from various paid marketing channels.
Built an Identity platform for Starbucks to integrate starbucksstore.com and starbucks.com to a combined customer identity while allowing integration of newly purchased Starbucks companies and work with retail store identity platforms to seamlessly improve transaction flow thru by 25%
Served as Category Manager for all products and Ecommerce transactions through the starbucksstore.com site as well created long term quarterly plans for the category.
Wrote functional requirements in support of Mobile Express Order and Pay Application including transaction history updates for retail stores and Point of Sale updates to support customer’s retail mobile payment activities.
Setup Sharepoint system to notify executives of Project Status via mobile alerts as well as for mobile access to project tracking and success.

MICROSOFT VISUAL STUDIO (REDMOND, WA) Jan 2013 - Apr 2013
Sr. Program Manager- Launch the Visual Online Service
Worked for VP of a $2Bn business unit to derive new financial models to drive profits. Managed a 3 person marketing and 6 person development team including all hiring/firing, budget, capex and opex for the launch.
Used Microsoft Pricing Tools to build a tiered pricing scheme for consumer and enterprise customers.
Lead SRCUM master for developers on project working to catalog new customers using Microsoft SSO as well as Microsoft Active Directory for LDAP based sign – in thru azure or Hotmail accounts
Managed the move of elements of Visual Studio onto Windows Azure Cloud for delivery of advanced services including Team Foundation Services, Testing and mobile app and source code management
.

MICROSOFT (REDMOND, WA) Feb 2012 - May 2012
Sr. Project Manager- Customer Service & Ecommerce Win8 –Strategy for the Windows 8 Marketplaces Launch
Managed 3 separate tasks, create a fraud proof security strategy for the windows 8 marketplaces define a call center strategy for improving overall call volumes and reducing calls that land with agents and build executive strategy slides to overview all of above - Tasks include:.
Drove a $300M Customer Care savings to Microsoft by defining a click to call and web based routing strategy to eliminate calls that end up with live agent.
Researched fraud and security weaknesses in data center, Windows Azure cloud and in physical data center.

MICROSOFT FINANCE IT (REDMOND, WA) May 2011 – Dec 2011
Sr. Project Manager- Targets 5 Year Forecasting and Growth Simulator Tools
Managed several Finance IT tools used by CFO level and 30 highest corporate comptrollers.
Define business requirements for Targets 5 year forecasting tool, build training materials and train the trainer to train a user base of 30 users.
Manage all development, testing and tool opening and closing for the budgeting cycle from Jan till June.
Manage the Growth Simulator tool used to spread weighted budget data amongst organizational divisions, P&L Groups and financial groupings.

TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE

Machine Learning / Data Science / AI Chatbot Tools & Systems
Azure Databricks, Azure IoT Endpoint Mgmt, Azure Machine Learning, Bash, Docker, Azure Kusto query Language, Azure SQL, Azure BLOB storage, Virtual Machines, Event Grid, Functions, App Service, Microsoft Defender for Cloud, ChatGPT3, ChatGPT4, Python, Pytorch, R, OpenAI Forum Contributor, Microsoft Academic – Data Science Search Engine for Research Papers, Azure OpenAI Service, Cognitive APIs, Hugging Face Hub, Generative AI Models, ThreatMetrix, DataIKU, Experian Fraudnet, Eseye IoT Cellular, Transmit, Qlik, Qualys, Amazon Web Services, Google PaLM2

Methodologies & Standards
Microsoft Cognitive AI APIs, COSMOS, Kusto Queries, Microsoft SQL Enterprise/+, Microsoft Language tools, PowerBI, Chatbot Power apps, Agile/Scrum/Kanban, SDLC, Waterfall/PMBOK, Extreme Programming, Microsoft LMX process, SCRUM Master Certified on Microsoft Team Foundation Services TFS as well as TFS Online, Rally Agile, ITUP, LDAP, Active Directory, SAML, SSO, SSL, HTTPS, Certificates, PKI, TKIP, PRISM, Process, PKI Encryption, WebAuthN, Ping Identity, 2 Factor Authentication, MFA, SOA, OSGI and Spring MVC, SAFe, Scaled Agile Framework, FIDO, U2F, OpenAPI / Swagger, GraphQL, JSON, XML, Java, JavaScript, MS SQL, No SQL, Docker, Kubernetes and Swagger

Managing Tools
MS Project, Primavera tools, PASS/AMDOCS OSS & Billing, TFS Team Foundation Services & Microsoft Sharepoint Expert + Mobile, Google Analyics, Omniture, Adobe Analytics, Tableau, Custom Expedia A/B Test & Learn Platform, TeaLeaf, Splunk, Hadoop, Golang, Scala, Python, Ruby on Rails, Rally, Atlassian, Jira, Confluence, Azure Explorer, Microsoft Graph, R, Power Automate, Power BI, Sharepoint Server
Mobile + Ecommerce & Web
Authorize.net, PCI Visa Compliance, Amdocs Digital Commerce Manager, Qpass Quality Center, Cybersource, Adnetworks, Adobe Day, & RDBMS(PL/SQL), Oracle Retail 13/14, IBM Websphere, .Net Webservices, Forefront Identity Manager (FIM), Apple Touch ID, Apple IPOD, Apple IPAD, Iphone, Android, Scala, Marketo Engage
Telecomm: NextGeneration (VOIP/SIP/ATM), Prepaid, MGCP, IPSEC, VPN, SCP, OSS, SCP – AIN, VPN, Web Based Messaging, Email (SMTP,SMPP,MMS), SS7, T1, OC-X, TCP/IP, WIFI/WIMAX, Bluetooth, GPS, IMS, ITUP Process Framework
Database & Analytics
Oracle (8, 9i, 11), MS SQL, SAP, SPSS, SAS, Omniture Analytics, Webtrends, Business Intelligence (BI Products), Data warehouse, 3D Cubes, Tableau, Microsoft BI, Hadoop, Finbus, HDInsights, Hive, Adobe Target, Adobe Analytics, Adobe Campaign
Web & Programming
Microsoft IIS, Java, C++, JMS, AJAX, Spring, Tomcat, Apache, MOM, SOAP, SEO, Portlet Web, API Abstraction capabilities, SOA, Azure Cloud Infrastructure. XML, JSON, SOA, SQL, .Net, TFS, Team Foundation Services, Azure, NOSQL, Couchbase, Cassandra, Hadoop
Software & OS
MacOS 10X, Microsoft 9x, Windows
Contact this candidate