Jedi Hammond
512-***-**** ad8vi0@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/jedihammond

DIGITAL PRODUCT STRATEGY SPECIALIST SR PRODUCT MANAGER LEADER

Accomplished Digital Product Strategy Specialist with extensive experience in designing and executing strategies for B2C products. Proven track record in aligning product initiatives with business goals, managing cross-functional teams, and steering data-driven product decisions. Expert in enhancing product delivery processes, engaging with internal and external stakeholders at all levels, and leading market transitions in IT and technology sectors. Strong focus on optimizing B2C digital and retail solutions to drive business transformations and customer satisfaction.
KEY SKILLS

Global Strategy Digital Product Strategy Solution Architecture & Design Product Development & Management Strategic Vision Project Management Methodologies Stakeholder Engagement & Management B2C Product Lifecycle Management Data Analysis & Market Dynamics

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Dell Technologies, Round Rock, TX 2007 - 2023
Education & Certification Product Strategy Director, 2017 - 2023
Led the formulation and execution of product strategies across departments for B2C and B2C digital product portfolios, significantly improving market positioning and revenue by millions.
Defined and spearheaded cross departmental strategy and transformational programs ensuring alignment with broader business strategies and clear deliverables.
Facilitated cross-departmental collaboration from C suite to project teams and engineers as well as stakeholder reviews, improving communication and project deliverables.
Pioneered digital transformation initiatives, enhancing product delivery processes and increasing customer engagement.
Created and presented to IDC, moving Dell into leader position for IT education market scape.
Developed and launched multi-services offers to simplify portfolio while increasing revenue.

Certification and Education Product Manager 2015 - 2017
Drove programs from inception to completion, including, business case, managing escalations, building teams, competitive research, marketing launches and events.
Developed and implemented digital strategies for certification programs, merging multiple product lines into a cohesive offering that enhanced customer value and experience.
Drove the digitalization of education products, impacting over 100,000 users by transitioning traditional offerings to digital platforms.
Simplified certification portfolio, increasing simplicity, partner value and B2C customer adoption.

Strategy and Readiness Lead Training Consultant, 2012 - 2015
Develop and drive program strategy to ensure technical readiness for global support, deploy and consulting.
Architected and led strategy for digital training programs, focusing on scalability and integration across digital platforms.
Enhanced technical readiness and support strategies, leading to improved service delivery and stakeholder satisfaction.

Additional relevant experience
Extensive involvement in developing and refining digital strategies for IT products, focusing on customer-centric solutions and market adaptability.

CERTIFICATIONS

Pragmatic Marketing VI ITIL 3 Foundations Agile Leader MCM
MCSM Messaging Multiple MCSE Dell Cisco CompTIA

PROFESSIONAL ASSOCIATIONS

IT Certification Council Chair
Contact this candidate