Amitjot Heer Bhangu
West Chester, OH *****
513-***-**** ad8z2f@r.postjobfree.com
https://developmagic.us www.linkedin.com/in/amitjot-heer-bhangu-106169168

WEBSITE DESIGNER PRODUCT MANAGER

Accomplished designer with progressive increasing leadership in owning web-based projects from concept and design through testing, implementation, and client updates. Foster customer relationships to identify needs, plan, and create designs that guide project direction. Lead teams to produce exceptionally clean, strong, and secure code. Collaborate across functions to manage and execute projects, delivering and supporting innovative results that achieve browser, device, and operating system compatibility objectives, enhance functionality and user-friendliness, maximize site performance, and satisfy client desires on time and within budget. Key areas of skill include:

Website Analytics Tools Data Generation Tools Front-End ( HTML, CSS ) Website Development / Maintenance WordPress Search Engine Optimization Coding Collaboration Team Leadership Troubleshooting Testing Programming

EXPERIENCE

Thryv Grapevine, TX March 2019 - Current
Website Designer
Completed design projects to meet budget, equipment, performance and legal requirements.
Identified and resolved website glitches, server problems and incorrect formatting.
Collaborated with developmental team to resolve usability issues and improve website functionality.
Assisted with customer requests and answered questions to improve satisfaction.

Enterprise Web Cloud Mississauga, ON September 2016 - April 2018
Web Developer
Built layouts according to customer parameters using HTML5 and CSS3. Directed design, writing and production of page content to fulfill project demands and satisfy customer needs.
Implemented improvements to boost site performance.
Reviewed information and elements regularly on websites and pages for accuracy and functionality.
Defined and conducted design processes at all stages, including research, conceptualization, testing and implementation.
Established hosting for each website and completed go-live process by uploading sites to host account.
Conducted backups of Web files to local directories to prevent data loss.
Evaluated websites and developed forceful action plans to increase engagement.
Administered on-page optimization, conducted keyword research and developed metadata.
Contributed to off-page optimization activities such as link building, link reclamation and outreach.
Led day-to-day management of SEO programs across client portfolio.

EDUCATION

Master’s degree in Computer Applications
SUS Tangori, India
Contact this candidate