**** ******* **
Merriam, Kansas *****
LARRY SANDERS

www.linkedin.com/in/
ad9af2@r.postjobfree.com
816-***-****
Procurement/Purchasing

Progressive career combines well-rounded experience in the fast paced procurement, supply chain management, operations, inventory control, logistics and engineering leading to the role as Purchasing Manager. Innovative in seizing opportunities and applying changes in procurement, supply chain and operation policies, procedures and systems to improve performance, capture opportunities and facilitate profitable fiscal change. Demonstrate expert strategic, long term planning, organizational, leadership, analytical/problem solving and negotiation skills. Fiscal raw material responsibility of over $45MM and MRO over $10 MM. Areas of strength and skill sets include:

Supply Chain Management
Logistic Management
Commodity Purchasing
Proposal Development & Bidding
Contract Negotiations
Process Reengineering/Redesign
Strategic Partnerships with Suppliers
Capital Procurement
Hands on/Team oriented
25+ years Manufacturing
Strategic Corporate Planning
Financial Analysis

CAREER PROGRESSION

ARY, Inc/Vacmaster (Manufacturing, Purchasing, Sales, Repair & Technical Phone Assist) 2017 – 2024
Technical Service and Sales
Troubleshoot/Repair over the phone Vacmaster machines
Sell repair parts and machines
Monitor Inventory levels on Machines and Repair Parts
Test and repair machines as needed

Chris Cakes (Mobile Catering) 2010 - 2022
Senior Project Manager
Maintain Mixing Batter Ingredient levels
Maintain mixing batter levels
Maintain propane levels in main and individual tanks
Purchase material as required
Operate on site at customer “feeds”
Maintain vehicle maintenance

LBA Mechanical (LBA Heating, Plumbing & Air Conditioning) 2016 - 2017
Purchasing Manager
Using Sage 100 design and implement a construction division procurement program.
Maintain an 18 vehicle fleet of trucks with annual maintenance, registration and tools for the field.
Manage truck use and availability for field personnel, Arrange heavy equipment rental.
Manage tool crib for medium to large tools for “rental” to the field team, Maintain fab shop and warehouse
area for the construction division
Significant Achievements
Created, documented and implemented the purchasing program for the Construction Divison
Developed the receiving procedure for both the field and warehouse to increase accuracy and acountability
Reorganized the Fab Shop/Warehouse area to increase space and ease material flow
Reorganized the tool rental area and program to ease location and availability of tools

Industrial Accessories Company, Inc. (manufacturing, distribution) 1998 – 2016
Purchasing Manager
Strategically planned and aligned procurement functions within corporate long term strategic goals and objectives. Developed planning, calculations and theories used to determine necessary inventory replenishment and stocking levels. Coached associates on negotiation techniques, principles and best practices to facilitate self improvement and self directed team members. Identified cost reductions, savings and avoidances that are sustainable over multiple years and periods. Consulted and participated as a member of senior leadership on multiple continuing improvement projects, budgetary development and review, long term strategic planning, and new product/process development and launch.

Significant Achievements
Led the Sales Team as Interim Sales Manager for 5 years…Increasing sales by 10% each year
Led the Outside Service Team for 5 years…maintained 100% on time project completion and customer satisfaction
Efficiently and effectively managed a $45 MM materials and MRO spend within budgeted fiscal reductions
Managed inventory reductions of 15%+
Improved inventory accuracy to 95% through associate training, mentoring and process improvement
Four direct reports Traffic Manager, Product Manager, Business Manager and Warehouse Manager
Added $100,000.00 to cash flow through strategic partnering with a Third Party Logistics company

LARRY SANDERS

Page 2

Smoot Company (manufacturing) 1990 –1998
Operations Manager

Handled all daily operations, including company OSHA and EEOC compliance. Supervised all in-house accounting functions – payroll, quarterly tax reports, collections, receivables and payables. Negotiated and procured liability Insurance and workman’s compensation insurance. Handled negotiation and settlement of lawsuits less than $100, 00.00. Oversaw departmental issues such as returns, job costing, customer drawing corrections, inventory, pricing and purchasing. Purchased capital office equipment and negotiated leases. Hired crews for building maintenance and repair, supervised major building repairs and remodeling projects. Managed corporate and departmental level policies, SOP’s, processes and reports.

Significant Achievements
Researched, developed and administered a comprehensive employee benefits package of a 401k, insurance and cafeteria plan
Developed an inventory control program, increasing accuracy and reducing manufacturing outages by 22%
$65,000+ reduction of annual Inventory Carrying Cost
Spearheaded physical raw material inventory level reduction of 30%
Participated and directed capital procurement activities for building remodel of $400,000.00
10 direct reports (1 accountant, 1 receptionist, 8 support staff)

C.E. ELECTRONICS (manufacturing) 1989–1990
Operations Manager
Handled all daily operations of this electronics manufacturer. Negotiated high-dollar/high volume electronic components, purchasing contracts and provided direct customer service. Managed all areas of material control, shipping, receiving, testing, repair, inspection and quality control. Worked on special projects to increase market share and managed/trained production personnel.

Significant Achievements
Created and administered a soldering certification program
Developed a quality inspection program
6 direct reports (1 Production Supervisor, 1 shipping/receiving clerk, 1 Quality Control Supervisor, 1 Repair Technician, 1 warehouse clerk and 1 purchasing clerk)

Franklin Electric (manufacturing) 1987 –1989
Buyer/Material Control
Purchased electronic components, printed circuit boards, metal stampings and plastic injection molded pieces. Identified and qualified vendors and maintained material inventory. Wrote and updated quality assembly procedures and hazardous material control and disposal policies in compliance with OSHA standards.

Hamilton/Avnet (distributor) 1986 –1987
Field Sales Representative
Maintained strong client base through excellent customer. Identified new markets and assisted customers in special product design. Resolved customer issues

Significant Achievements
Survived for a year – totally amazing
Learned the significance of the relationship between purchasing and distribution
LARRY SANDERS

Page 3

Allied Signal Corporation (manufacturing) 1975 –1986
Bendix EnCD/Bendix Missile Guidance Systems
Field Engineer(1983-1986)
Repaired, tested and troubleshot missile launch and test equipment at three U.S. Navy launch sites. Interfaced with customers to resolve issues and complaints. Supervised and instructed technicians during assembly and repairs on all equipment. Member of a special ten-man Allied/Signal support launch crew. Secret Clearance.

Missile Assembly and Repair/Vandal Program (1982-1983)
BxM5000 certified solderer. Modified and repaired electronic modules and submodules. Responsible for
mechanical assembly, inspection, repair and modification on the Talos Missile for the Vandal MissileTarget Program
Jet Fuel Control Assembly and Quality Inspection (1975-1982)
Assembled, calibrated, inspected and repaired turbine engine fuel systems including main fuel controls, aircraft actuators and sensors. Trained other technicians.

United States Army Mainz, Germany 1971 –1974
Sergeant E-5 Infantry Paratrooper

Baker University Bachelor of Science in Business Administration 1995

Indiana Vocational Technical School Associate Degree in Electronics Technology 1981
Contact this candidate