LIU Xinlu
Email: ad9amk@r.postjobfree.com Phone: 404-***-**** Location: 3457 Calico Ave, San Jose, CA 95124 SUMMARY
Innovative and results-driven Product Manager with 8 years of experience specializing in software and hardware products. Proven expertise in leading cross-functional teams and applying agile methodologies, user-centric design, and data-driven decision-making to optimize product features. Adept at driving success and innovation across AI/ML product portfolios.
EXPERIENCE
Technical Product Manager, - Data Application Lab, Sunnyvale CA (3/2024 - Current) o Led cross-functional teams (engineering, data science, design, marketing) using Agile methodologies, achieving a 20% boost in team productivity.
o Managed 12 AIGC/LLM products through the full product lifecycle, driving a 25% improvement in time-to-market.
o Enhanced product features based on user research, resulting in a 30% increase in adoption and a 35% rise in customer satisfaction.
o Implemented go-to-market strategies for AI/LLM products, increasing launch success rates by 50%. o Optimized product performance using data analytics (Tableau, Google Analytics), driving a 20% increase in feature usage.
Product Manager, - Elo Touch, Milpitas CA 10/2022- 3/2024 Comprehensive Product Lifecycle Management: led projects with LLM, ISVs and OEM vendors. o Created chatbots with a combination of Streamlit for the user interface, used the LangChain frameworks, and the OpenAI GPT-3.5 model for natural language processing and question-answering. o Facilitated better collaboration among cross-functional teams, including R&D, engineering, manufacturing, and service departments. Providing a centralized repository for all product-related information via Jira and Confluence, I ensured that all stakeholders have access to up-to-date information, improving communication and coordination across different stages of the product lifecycle via automated emails. o Identified and resolved possible quality issues early in EloView design phase and throughout development, led to 30% less customer complaints and transition issues, enhanced brand reputation and customer satisfaction. o Streamlined EloView standard and custom development process by automating workflows with Autodesk Fusion, reducing manual tasks, and enabling more efficient project management with Agile methodology, accelerated development cycle brought new iteration and custom features to market 3 months faster. o Oversaw the product lifecycle from concept to discontinuation, ensuring compliance with industry regulations and standards, and facilitating successful audits. o Project lead for the end-to-end redesign and implementation of a comprehensive PLM system, integrating supply chain management and real-time analytics.
o Led a team of 8 to develop and launch a EloView cloud-based project management tool, achieving a user base of over 2,000 within 6 post-launch.
o Developed Python scripts for efficient peripheral and sensor communication, significantly enhancing the testing framework for over 30 products.
o Evaluated 40 OEM vendors and audited reports.
o Proactively participated in major trade shows, such as the National Retail Federation (NRF), where I successfully garnered interest from potential customers, showcasing Elo’s products and identifying new market opportunities. o Developed go-to-market (GTM) strategy for SaaS products and hardware devices. o Led 20 Quarterly Business Review (QBR) meetings representing Elo: review of key performance indicators
(KPIs), milestones, successes, and challenges. Listened to feedback, Conducted strategic alignment and translated the conversation into planning and goal setting and resource allocation. Strongly strengthen the relationships with our Independent Software Vendor (ISV) as well as our customers Data Analytics, Insights and Decision Making: data-driven decision-making throughout the product lifecycle. o Proficient in using analytics tools (e.g., Google Analytics, Tableau) for making data-driven decisions, added peripheral features that drove up usage rate by 30%. Customer Research and UX: translating user insights into actionable design improvements with Critical Thinking.. o Proactively analyzed market trends, conducted competitive analysis, including SWOT analysis, product mapping to guide product design and feature prioritization, o Conducted User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and usability testing, to ensure user-centered design principles, enhanced user satisfaction and retention rate by 20%. o Conducted 30 surveys, 50 user interviews and 5 focus groups studies with feature prototypes made from Figma to verify and justify Elo Connect feature enhancements, resulting in a 40% increase in user engagement. o Refined user personas and journey maps, ensuring product features closely aligned with user needs. o Implemented A/B testing for key UX features, driving a 25% improvement in conversion rates through data-driven design optimizations.
o Organized and facilitated user feedback sessions, translating findings into actionable recommendations for product development teams.
o Optimized product design with AutoCAD and SolidWorks and Design for Excellency (DFX) principle and communicated with engineers, contributed to product improvement. Communication & Leadership:
o Excellent leadership and communication skills, adept at coordinating between cross-functional teams and stakeholders.
o Led Inter-department, cross-functional collaboration on R&D, vendors, partners, product marketing (4 Pillars), sales, maintenance, and management operations for the channels and subsequent new platforms, resulting in a 30% increase in efficiency and effectiveness.
Product Manager, Engineering - Hisense USA, Suwanee GA 10/2020-10/2022 Agile & Scrum Methodologies:
Experienced in leading agile project teams, facilitating sprint planning, and managing product backlogs. o Facilitated cross-functional teams using agile methodologies, improving product development timelines by 30%. o Developed design phase, sale point, marketing focus, and tagline product features with Agile principle. Analytics Dashboard for Hisense TV sales and Mobile App Platforms: o Created Tableau analytics dashboard with actionable insights to Channel providers, enhancing product value and increasing average subscription length by 70%.
o Implemented metrics-driven product strategies, improved monthly recurring revenue (MRR) by 20% in a year. o Collaborated with marketing and sales teams to develop effective go-to-market strategies and sales enablement tools, enhancing lead conversion rates by 20%.
o Managed the lifecycle of a portfolio of Hisense TV and its App, leading to a 30% increase in annual subscription. o Conducted A/B testing on key features, resulting in a 50% improvement in user engagement and a 20% reduction in churn rate.
o Developed user personas and journey maps that informed a user-centric design approach, improving user experience scores by 15%.
o Designed and implemented a Data Dashboard and sales forecast in Tableau, achieving an 80% accuracy rate. o Pulled and cleaned millions of sales records from databases including NPD, E-commerce data with SQL. o Kept a track of customer acquisition, retention and churning analysis via NPS surveys of over millions of customers to build and update customer profiles.
o Lead product definition, launch, and long-term vision for initiatives across audiences of the marketplace, enabling the brand to reach consumers globally by developing locally relevant strategies. Customer Relationship Management (CRM) System:
o Directed the development of a CRM system tailored for new and existing customers, focusing on ease of use, ease of looking for help and automation, which doubled adoption rate among the target market within the first six months.
o Traveled Internationally to enhance collaboration internally as well as with vendors. New Product Introduction and Major Partner Collaboration: Roku, Walmart, Costco, Amazon, Google, Xperi o Successfully launched over 100 products, exceeded third-party review criteria with 20 major channels, including Best Buy, Amazon, Walmart and regional channels. Won 10 spots over our competitors in major electronic stores. o Analyze store sales data to increase product click-through rates, page views, and conversion rates. o Worked with embedded systems including Tcon, panel control and TV software with A/B testing. Product Manager, Engineering - Koning Corporation, Rochester NY 09/2017- 09/2020 o Designed and implemented new parts with AutoCAD for CT scanner. Reduced size by 40% and cost by 20%. o Implemented various marketing campaigns, in Times Square, trade shows (Consumer Electronics Show (CES)). o Optimized SQL-based database warehouse system globally. o Set up QA, logistics protocols, according to ISO standard. EDUCATION
Master of Industrial Engineering
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (08/2015 - 08/2017)
● Focus: Big Data, NPI-EOL, Ethical and Sustainable Production, Optimization in Large System Algorithms
Bachelor of Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering
The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology (08/2011 - 05/2015) SKILLS
● Product Management: Agile Methodologies, Product Roadmapping, Go-to-Market Strategy, Cross-Functional Team Leadership
● Data Analysis & Insights: Tableau, Google Analytics, SQL, Data-Driven Decision Making
● AI & LLM Technologies: AIGC Products, LangChain, OpenAI GPT-3.5, Chatbot Development
● User Research & Design: UX/UI, Figma, User Persona Development, A/B Testing
● Tools & Software: Jira, Confluence, Autodesk Fusion, AutoCAD, SolidWorks
● Technical Proficiencies: SaaS, Cloud Technologies, CRM Systems, Data Ingestion
Contact this candidate