Dena Memari
ad9be3@r.postjobfree.com 781-***-**** LinkedIn
I am a passionate and data-driven product leader with over a decade of experience driving product innovation and strategy for B2B and consumer platforms. I specialize in defining product roadmaps, scaling operations, and using data to inform go-to-market strategies. With a history of influencing senior leadership and collaborating across cross-functional teams, I have consistently delivered impactful, market-leading solutions that achieve long-term growth and measurable results. EXPERIENCE
True Tickets – Boston, MA
Principal Product Manager (Mar 2022 – Feb 2024)
● Owned the end-to-end product roadmap for True Tickets' web application, increasing the conversion rate by 65% and generating $10M in revenue.
● Spearheaded the design and launch of a ticket-sharing tool, leading to a 200% increase in customer acquisition and $15M in revenue.
● Developed and launched the Branded Digital Ticket Wallet, improving transaction efficiency by 85% and expanding the client base by 80%.
● Reduced onboarding time from 14 days to 5 hours, achieving a 94% streamlining of the client onboarding experience.
● Created a "Try Our Demo" button for the sales platform, boosting client acquisition by 85%.
● Led SAP Callidus implementation for incentive compensation management, increasing sales productivity by 15%.
● Analyzed customer and market trends to optimize pricing mechanisms and reduce administrative task time by 30%.
● Integrated a blockchain-based digital ticketing system with platforms like Eventbrite and Ticketmaster, improving transaction efficiency by 30%.
● Re-architected a core SaaS product, significantly improving QR code scanning functionality and boosting customer satisfaction by 68%.
ZF Group – Dearborn, MI
Senior Product Manager (Sept 2021 – Mar 2022)
● Led product strategy for AI-driven Parking Detection technology, securing an auction win worth
$20M.
● Generated $50M+ in revenue by developing and deploying AI road data simulation models.
● Delivered long-term technical and architectural enhancements to reduce platform technical debt and operational toil.
Ford Motor Company – Dearborn, MI
Senior Product Manager (Dec 2017 – Sept 2021)
● Created and launched a journey planner, boosting customer engagement by 95% and generating
$8M in revenue.
● Partnered with Amazon to build a digital Consent Management tool, decreasing customer churn by 79% in one quarter.
● Designed a targeted advertising platform for iHeart Radio, generating $38M in the first year.
● Identified and implemented fraud detection models, saving $10M for Ford’s fleet management platform.
● Designed and developed the FordPass wallet, leading to a 30% increase in user satisfaction and a 25% increase in retention.
Avaya Inc – Billerica, MA
Junior Product Manager (Dec 2012 – Dec 2017)
● Created an internal communication system, leading to ARR growth of 58% ($10M).
● Designed and built a sales analytics dashboard, saving 67% on directed traffic from other Avaya resources.
● Developed a recommendation engine application for Avaya's internal communication system, leveraging AI and machine learning to reduce operational costs by more than $8 million annually. EDUCATION
Bentley University McCallum Graduate School of Business - Waltham, MA Master of Science in Finance (2012 - 2014)
Graduate Certificate in Business Analytics (2012 - 2014) Amirkabir University of Technology - Tehran
Master of Business Administration (2009 - 2012)
University of Tehran - Tehran
Bachelor of Science, Economics (2005 - 2009)
Certifications: Product Analytics, AI for Product Management, Product-led PATENT
Methods and systems for parking detection Pub.No: US2023/0368546 A1 CORE COMPETENCIES
Programming Python, SQL, HTML, R, SAS
Database Google Analytics (Suite), Business Objects, SAP, AWS, Adobe Analytics, Tableau, Databricks, Oracle HCM, Segment
Product Management Scrum, Saas Platform, Product Strategy & Visioning, Agile Methodologies, Incentive Compensation platform, Market Research, Data-Driven Decision Making, CRM capabilities, Go-to-Market Strategy, LLM, AI, Product Analytics, Product vision, Product backlog, Product-led, Product Discovery & Personalization, Cross-Functional Collaboration, Customer-Centric Design, Roadmap Development, Search and Discovery, API standards, Pricing, Marketing Strategy, Product Lifecycle, Performance Measurement & Optimization, Customer Research & Insight, Customer journey mapping, Banking operations and credit card
Testing/Applications QA, Jira, Usibility, A/B testing, UI/UX, Salesforce, SAP Callidus, Tableau Design Wireframe, Canva, Sketch/ Balsamiq/ Invision, User Journey, Figma
Contact this candidate