Melinda Young 760-***-**** adz426@r.postjobfree.com Page 1 of 2

Director of Product Development
Product Creation Professional with Global Experience Bringing Innovative Products to Market

Creative self-starter with extensive experience directing development for fabric, apparel, and trims. Applies sharp analytical and problem solving skills to source on a global level and meet financial objectives for both startups and large corporations. Facilitates cross-functional collaboration to fulfill specifications and achieve commercial viability of designs. Adept at hiring, training, and leading high-performing teams to meet ambitious goals for quality and timeliness. Expertise spans:

Material R&D / Product Development / Apparel Construction / Sourcing & Production / Strategic Planning

Key Contributions

Led the product development for the Nike Global Innovation Team, which delivered brand initiatives including performance Olympic apparel and pro athlete Sport Culture apparel.
Streamlined fabric development, accelerated Nike’s apparel process timelines by 30%, and brought product ideas to market guiding a team to pioneer direct-to-factory development, which also served to bolster alliances with foreign suppliers and elevate their level of R&D to execute and develop new and innovative technical fabrications, printing applications, and washes.
Hired and led the global product creation team for K-Swiss apparel which included material development, technical design, sourcing, and operations that catapulted from $0 at startup to $5M in three years.
Positioned material and product development as a main contributor to building the K-Swiss brand through an emphasis on sustainable innovative fabrics, product distinction, unique details, global market trends, supply chain management, and special factory processes.
Collaborated with the Vista Outdoor design team to create a startup cycling apparel line for the Giro division, orchestrated ordering and delivery of all apparel sales samples for 30 SKUs delivered to five global locations.

Industry experience

BRG Sports/Beyond Yoga/Lacoste/Petrol
Product Development Consultant 2014 to Present
Consults with business leaders from across marketing, sales, and operations to propel new business objectives from concept through design, material and product development, sourcing, and production to deliver quality, innovative offerings to market.
Creates startup brands in addition to executing product for existing brands. Drives material and prototype development to test and analyze data to create innovative, leading-edge product.
Spearheads R&D on new technologies in fabric and construction, creating innovative apparel and technical/functional waterproof packs for the outdoor sport industry.
Leverages an extensive global contact base of leading fabric technology companies and product manufacturers.
Led the product development for a startup yoga apparel company implementing and executing a development calendar, material testing, improving production efficiencies in manufacturing and production.

Vista Outdoor, Giro Division
Product Development Manager 2011 to 2013
Directed performance fabric innovation, apparel construction, and manufacturing to deliver a line launched in spring 2013. Established and managed the orders from fabric, trim, and manufacturing suppliers.
Defined and administered a development calendar and instituted best processes for a brand entering the apparel market.
Partnered with marketing and sales on all apparel-related product information.
Coordinated all apparel samples and material specs for photo shoots, videos, catalogs, internal sales meetings, and athlete packages.

Melinda Young 760-***-**** adz426@r.postjobfree.com Page 2 of 2

K-Swiss
Global Director of Product Development 2007 to 2010
Provided vision, strategic planning, leadership, and brand focus to bring the most innovative and competitive collections of men’s and women’s tennis, training, and running to market.
Developed, implemented, and administered all apparel strategies, processes, and branding policies for all regions globally, ensuring focused product development, sourcing, communication, and profitability.
Participated in formulating seasonal product strategy and briefs on a global basis.
Worked with pro tennis players and triathletes to ensure all apparel representing the brand upheld the highest standards. Defined and enforced all branding rules and regulations for all apparel sold at tennis and Ironman events worldwide.
Partnered with a manufacturer in Asia to manage fabric and apparel inventory in order to meet the stock program requirements of various retailers, teams, and pros.

Nike
Global Product Development Manager 2002 to 2007
Met business financial goals for managing fabric and product development, sourcing, and costing of the Global Sport Culture Apparel heritage product line, including maintaining calendar and apparel process for men’s and women’s knits, wovens, and hats sourced and shipped globally.
Collaborated with global business leaders and designers to define seasonal business objectives and provide creative direction for global development of innovative product, leading the brand in silhouettes, fabrics, graphics, and washes—product concepts were then interpreted and produced regionally.
Played a key role in driving the brand forward and reaching new customers by spearheading product development for new Global Sport Culture Apparel initiatives, including the innovative and diverse Presto, Sun Tech, Athletic Utility, Skate, and Reissue lines, which were delivered at all levels of distribution—from limited edition to mass.
Created sport culture, high-visibility apparel and designs for top athletes such as Roger Federer, Serena Williams and Rafael Nadal.
Strengthened the product development team by hiring and mentoring members of various backgrounds and experience levels.

The Limited, Inc., Express Division
Product Manager, Women’s Sweaters/Men’s Cut and Sew 2001 to 2002
Sourced and negotiated costs for the sportswear sweaters department spring/summer 2002 line, comprising 1.5 million units in 12 factories.
Transitioned to men’s to perform sourcing and cost negotiation for 2 million units in 12 factories.
Product Coordinator, Sweaters 1997 to 2001
Visited factories and dye houses throughout Asia to augment technical knowledge of sweater production. Forged strong relationships with the merchant and design teams as well as the foreign and domestic supplier base, ensuring clear communication and seamless execution of all steps in the merchandise process.
Optimized vendor allocation to maximize IMU and deliver the largest program of the 2000 fall season—2.5 million units made in 20 factories.

Education
Bachelor of Science in Human Ecology – Major in Textiles and Apparel, The Ohio State University
Contact this candidate