Zina Singelyn
Waterford, MI ***** 248-***-****
www.linkedin.com/in/zina-singelyn-Professional adz6mf@r.postjobfree.com

Product Management Leader
Focused on Trees While Never Losing Sight of Forest
Proven talent for driving strategy and objectives by aligning business and technology with established product design and gap management paradigms to achieve maximum operational impacts with minimum resource expenditures. Expert Scrum process, requirement definition, design, product deployment, and feature development. Process improvement thought leader with strong background in technology, product development and delivery, coupled with assessing project complexity. Recognized critical thinker, problem-solver, for complex system design with transparency and high-quality output.

Product Design and Development Market Research SAFe/Agile Methodology Quality Process Critical Design Thinking Roadmaps Emerging Technology Requirements Ops/Data Analysis UX/UI Competitor Analysis Product Launch Strategic Planning Six Sigma Visio Microsoft Jira Azure Dev Ops Rally Wiki GitHub SaaS Minitab Data Model Story Telling Russian

Professional Experience
FORD MOTOR COMPANY, Dearborn, MI 2014 - 2023
Product Manager 2018 - 2023
Developed complex Integrated Software Release Portal (SRP) solution and Six Sigma Black Belt projects to drive solutions in cost reductions, KPI, & process improvements. Defined and implemented UI/UX User Experience/User Interface. Developed and executed product strategy and design. Applied SAFe/Agile methodologies to deliver customer driven cloud-based application. Owned cross-functional teams’ requirements. Prioritized backlog and managed project lifecycle. Utilized PMP/PLM deliverables to guide feature roadmaps for KPIs and FMEA methods to prevent production defects. Created continual deployment process-vertical slicing with quality control points and system/user communications.
Executed Product Manager, Project Manager, and Scrum roles to Deploy SRP MVP in 12 months
Increased user efficiency by 80% and data quality by 100%, by utilizing SRP to integrate Ford cloud & mainframe systems.
Saved customer process time by 75%, by improving efficacy of uncontrolled data entries through automating part number and product structure and validating product structure creation.
Reduced engineering post-warranty errors and costs 75%, by optimizing warranty reductions.
Reduced user (B2E and B2B) time by 100%, through instituting log-in automation & authentication.
Prevented 100% of recognized failures, by designing project development roadmaps with established FMEA models, implementing governance for design and execution, and effecting analytics for data quality and performance metrics.
Developed system training, SOP materials, and defined AI tools to educate users and outline developer Agile project roadmaps.
Defined software validation data scheme to provide 100% effective module EOL status
Prevented 100% of recognized data errors by creating system architecture rules.

Structure & Data Migration Product Owner 2014 – 2018
Hired as direct employee to lead design for automating product structure in FEDEBOM. Owned and delivered commodity structure automation and data migration quality controls. Created dashboard to analyze data quality and performance. Evaluated cross regional bailment to align with government regulations. Led C-level management reviews for structure and data migration timelines and quality metrics from AVBOM to FEDEBOM. Managed cost reduction and process improvement Six Sigma Black Belt projects.
Publicly recognized by Director of Digital Innovation for leading product structure project
Created burndown dashboards that tracked data 100% quality expectation & met migration deliverable schedule
Migrated data from AVBOM to FEDEBOM with 100% accuracy, by employing PLM model to identify risks and support mitigation plans.
Reduced engineering time by 80%, by deploying product structure automation that instituted single commodity release with multiple end-of-line solutions in FEDEBOM.
Improved engineering efficiencies by 80% by creating PDO commodity prototype and production release plan and automating flat BOM release.
Developed payment strategy for Bailment for 100% traceability of 1st tier and integrator costs.

TPT STAFFING, (Supporting Ford Motor Company) Dearborn, MI 2012 - 2014
Core Quality Lead (supporting Ford Motor Company) 2012 - 2014
Partnered with Ford suppliers, vendors and assembly plants to examine processes, quality and commodity products, in order to implement initiatives that reduced warranty costs and claims. Established and ensured compliance with operator process steps and worked with assembly plants to optimize operator performance. Hired, trained and mentored new team members on quality improvement and warranty reduction processes while partnering with plant operators and engineering. Defined lean operator processes.
Publicly recognized by VP of Quality for managing Transit export/import project.
Recognized by plant manager in production improvements that increased BIC and reduced customer 3MIS warranty
Publicly recognized by TPT VP for new team-member training and quality improvement processes.
Took over a vehicle import project, identified project gaps, and deployed processes that saved Ford millions in vehicle fees.
Reduced administrative time by 50%, by executing automation of top 20 warranty trends and BIC validations.
Created process for cross-functional warranty teams to identify over $500K annual in supplier and dealer chargebacks per commodity.
Created 100% traceability metrics in annual dealership charge recuperation and supplier price negotiation process to align with each warranty concern

Additional Relevant Experience
1994 through 2012, Managed and led start-up and established corporate multimillion-dollar advertising campaigns across stateliness: Led Corporate financial negotiations with 3rd party co-op partnerships and joint venture partners: Led company financial audits to align with cross State and Federal tax regulations for payroll, A/P & A/R: Automated internal processes to improve financial responsibility.
Roman Electrical Co, Lake Orion, MI, Manager
MeasureComp, Southfield, MI, Marketing, Finance, HR Manager
New York Carpet World, Southfield, MI, Marketing Manager

Manufacturing Improvement Six Sigma Projects
Ignition Key improvements – Reduced manufacturing delay and avoided warranty
Console Improvements - Reduced manufacturing product damage
Backseat Stabilizer improvements – Reduced manufacturing delay and avoided warranty
Harness Chafing improvements – Reduced warranty
Electric Static improvement – Reduced long term customer complaints
Torsion Rod improvements - Improved supplier manufacturing and reduced warranty
Color Harmony improvements - Improved manufacturing and reduced warranty
Harness Termination point/Endpoint improvements - Improved supplier manufacturing, in-plant process, and reduced warranty
Noise Reduction improvements – Improved supplier manufacturing and reduced warranty
Door Tension improvements - Reduced warranty
Adhesive process improvements - Improved supplier manufacturing
Marring improvements – Reduced warranty

Process Improvement Six Sigma Projects
SYNC process improvements – Reduced time lag time between customer warranty and module update process
EOL GIVIS process improvements – Provided traceability and warranty reduction
EOL ECU Configuration process improvements – Reduced lag time between customer warranty and module update
Vehicle Alignment process improvements – Created vehicle traceability and eliminated vehicle manufacturing production stoppage incidents

Education and Certifications
Bachelor of Science (B.S.), Management and Information Systems, Oakland University, Rochester, MI
Bachelor of Science (B.S.), Marketing, Oakland University, Rochester, MI
Bachelor of Science (B.S.), International Management, Oakland University, Rochester, MI
Design Thinking Certification, Ford Motor Company
SAFe/Agile Product Owner Certification, Ford Motor Company
Six Sigma Black Belt Certification, Ford Motor Company
Agile Story Telling Certification, Ford Motor Company

Volunteer Activity
Women of Ford - STEM for young female students Round Table discussions with Women Leaders in retaining female software engineers Annual Recruitment of female engineers
Contact this candidate