OLUWAFUNMILOLA MARY JOSEPH
Address: Yaba, Lagos State, Nigeria Tel: +234********** Email: adz8y4@r.postjobfree.com Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/oluwafunmilolajoseph Website: https://tinyurl.com/y38y6kxr PRODUCT MANAGER SCRUM MASTER AGILE ADVOCATE
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
● Highly accomplished Certified Product Manager and Senior Scrum Master with an exceptional track record of success spanning three years in the dynamic realm of technology companies. Proven expertise in driving end-to-end product development and leading Agile transformations, coupled with an impressive history of collaborating seamlessly with cross-functional teams. Demonstrated ability to conceptualize, develop, and deliver high-quality products that effectively address user pain points and meet business objectives.
CORE COMPETENCIES & SOFT SKILLS
• Competitive Analysis
• Market Research
• Product Discovery
• Agile Methodologies
• Servant Leadership
• Product Development
• Facilitation and Coaching
• Empathy Mapping
• Time Management
• Collaboration
• Communication
• User Research
• Road mapping
• PRD and BRDs
Conflict Resolution
EDUCATION
● NACETEM Post Graduate Diploma (PGD): Technology Management March 2022 - May 2023
● National Open University of Nigeria Bachelor of Arts (BA): English Language July 2013 - Oct 2017 PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATIONS
• Google Project Management: Professional Certificate - Coursera Aug 2023
• Scrum Master Certification Specialization - Coursera Aug 2023
• 10X Product Manager Certificate - Product Dive Dec 2021
• Certified Product Manager (CPM) - AIPMM Nov 2021
• Building Digital Products - Product School May 2020
• Human Resource Generalist – TalentMine Refinery Aug 2019
• The Fundamental of Digital Marketing - Google Digital Skills for Africa Oct 2018 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
PasspointGo (Contract) Aug 2023 - Till Date
● Position: Senior Technical Consultant.
Key Responsibilities
● Provide product management and product leadership for Passpoint on all products managed by the consultant.
● Be responsible for performing product planning, product delivery and product life cycle management of passpoint products managed by the consultant.
● Produce and create specific product documentation for passpoint products as required and as may be applicable including but not limited to: User Journey Maps, Requirement documentation
● Provide leadership, and manage Passpoint resources to deliver and manage the product release within agreed timelines.
● Work with passpoint management to agree on key deliverables and performance indicators expected of the role.
● Maintain and store the assets developed for passpoint within the dedicated repository and other work software tools provided by passpoint.
● Work within the established work culture and requirements established by Passpoint.
● Interface with Passpoint’s team (or any other group as recommended by Passpoint) team on all activities relevant to this engagement.
Spektra - owners of Dashapp, Lagos State, Nigeria Sep 2022 - Oct 2023
● Position: Senior Scrum Master.
Key Responsibilities
● Lead the agile transformation across the organisation, promoting the adoption of agile methodologies, principles, and values.
● Act as a change agent to influence a culture of continuous improvement, innovation, and organisation.
● Serve as the Scrum Master for one or more agile teams, facilitating all agile ceremonies (Sprint Planning, Daily Stand-ups, Sprint Reviews, and Retrospectives) effectively.
● Coach and mentor team members, Product Owners, and stakeholders on agile best practices to ensure successful project delivery.
● Remove impediments and blockers that hinder team progress, enabling them to meet their commitments.
● Foster a collaborative and empowered team environment that encourages open communication and decision-making.
● Continuously assess and improve the efficiency and effectiveness of agile processes and practices within the organisation.
● Identify opportunities for continuous learning and growth for individuals and teams, encouraging a culture of learning.
● Collaborate with Product Owners, development teams, and stakeholders to establish clear priorities, align on goals, and ensure customer satisfaction.
● Communicate project status, progress, and potential risks to stakeholders and senior management.
● Define and track agile metrics to monitor team performance, project progress, and customer satisfaction.
● Present regular reports and insights to management on team performance and progress towards goals.
● Provide guidance and support to the junior Scrum Master, fostering their growth and development in the role.
● Collaborate with the Junior Scrum Masters to ensure a cohesive and efficient approach to agile practices. Spektra - owners of Dashapp, Lagos State, Nigeria Aug 2022 - Oct 2023
● Position: Product Manager.
Key Responsibilities
● Own the product development process in collaboration with the product & engineering teams.
● Work with the dev team to determine solutions to address user needs (end-user requirements, vendor requirements and admin requirement.
● Creatine product specifications based on user requirements and brand vision
● Own product discovery, product planning, feature prioritization and requirements gathering.
● Identify and highlight product metrics ways, solutions and experiments to grow them.
● Work with the product design team to brainstorm design ideas from sketches/wirefrmes to high fidelity mockups and prototypes using collaborative tools e.g Figma.
● Own, improve and maintain product related documents such as PRDs, User Flows, Customer Journeys, Competitor Analysis, Product Market Research and Go-To-Market Launch Documents. NextHandle Ecommerce (Contract), Lagos State, Nigeria Feb 2022 - Sept 2022
● Position: Product Manager.
Key Responsibilities
● Develop, own and maintain Epics & Users stories within the product backlog, plan and coordinate sprints to make sire every team is clear on the OKRs for each sprint.
● Work with the dev team to determine solutions to address user needs (end-user requirements, vendor requirements and admin requirement.
● Own product discovery, product planning, feature prioritization and requirements gathering.
● Identify and highlight product metrics ways, solutions and experiments to grow them.
● Work with the product design team to brainstorm design ideas from sketches/wirefrmes to high fidelity mockups and prototypes using collaborative tools e.g Figma.
● Own, improve and maintain product related documents such as PRDs, USer Flows, Customer Journeys, Competitor Analysis, Product Strategy and Go-To-Market Launch Documents. Japtini Logistics (Contract), Lagos State, Nigeria August 2021 - Jan 2022
● Position: Product Manager.
Key Responsibilities
● Developed all product related documents such as Project Plans, PRDs, USer Flows, Customer Journeys, Competitor Analysis, Product Strategy and Go-To-Market Launch Documents.
● Develop, own and maintain Epics & Users stories within the product backlog, plan and coordinate sprints to make sire every team is clear on the OKRs for each sprint.
● Work with the dev team to determine solutions to address user needs (end-user requirements, vendor requirements and admin requirement.
● Owned product discovery, product planning, feature prioritization and requirements gathering.
● Identified and highlight product metrics ways, solutions and experiments to grow them.
● Worked with the product design team to brainstorm design ideas from sketches/wirefrmes to high fidelity mockups and prototypes using collaborative tools e.g Figma. KWIK, Lagos State, Nigeria Nov 2020 - July 2022
● Position: QA, Integration (Product and Projects). Key Responsibilities
● Work with the product and project team to build quality products and manage existing projects in the company. This includes but not limited to coordination with all stakeholders to achieve the product vision, gather and write product requirements documents, epics, user stories and prioritize features.
● Work with the product team to ensure agility and all scrum rituals are adhered to such as backlog grooming, sprint planning, sprint retros, and sprint reviews.
● Constant communication with product stakeholders such as senior management, cross functional teams and the engineering team to build and ship quality products fast to end users.
● Create project structure for stakeholders including timelines, project plans, tasks, team responsibilities and status reportings.
● Develop user scenarios, test cases, and checklists for all units, functional and non-regression testings on all products and projects in the company.
● Analyse and investigate the root cause of all customers technical queries, liaise with the product team to solve the problems for the end users.
● Quality assure all features lined up to be deployed to the end users. Supervise production pushes, and conduct sanity testings on all company’s applications.
● Ensure all features meets business objectives, agreed definition of done by product stakeholders and solve users problems.
ACHIEVEMENTS
● Working with the product team on launching 2 additional products in the company which will further boost business revenue by 85% in the tune of $100k in GMV.
● Supervised code refactoring sessions to ensure 100% success rate which helped mitigate and resolved instability issues thereby saving company an additional $10k in expenses.
● Worked and pushed a feature that automates crediting of customers wallets which increased business revenue by 30%.
● Critical review and detailed report of a SAAS product company was migrating into which saved business $30k.
● Created and documented a robust testing environment with 100% efficient test cases or scenarios.
● Set and automated all QA processes with 100% efficiency.
● Supervised over 300 feature requests and bug fixes on company's applications, with 90% success rates on production pushes and sanity testing.
● Detected, escalated and mitigated instabilities on all business applications, thereby avoiding business risks and saving company over $10k monthly.
● Automated data exports for all corporate customers thereby increasing customer's relationships and trust to the business which in turn increased revenue by 30%. KWIK, Lagos State, Nigeria Aug 2019 - Aug 2020
● Position Held: Onboarding Specialist.
Key Responsibilities
● Captured riders’ data and do analysis on trends and hordes observed during recruitment process.
● Prepared onboarding kits (Dispatch bag, uniform, permits, technical tools) for onboarded dispatchers.
● Conducted weekly NPS to ascertain areas of improvements on company's policies and processes.
● Recruited potential riders to the join company's logistics platform, updated them on company recruitment policies and requirements on dispatching.
ACHIEVEMENTS
● Improved partner's training programs and onboarding process which acquired 30 riders weekly into the company.
● Onboarded the top earning stars (earning 5M annually) into the company which increased GMV by 30% in the second year of operations
● Implemented welfare strategies for partner's that reduced churn rate by 15%, this was done by conducting NPS survey monthly for partners to get feedback and suggestions to improve onboarding process and overall welfare of the partners.
DRISLAT COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED (An Asteven Solar Energy Franchise), Ogun State, Nigeria
● Position Held: Outlet Manager. Feb 2018 - May
2019
Key Responsibilities
● Monitored company's outlet performance like personnel management, services and operations.
● Reduced customer’s complaints by 30% through escalated grievance resolution procedure.
● Communicated with the company headquarters to ensure that customers' needs are satisfied and met.
● Ensured smooth running of customer service areas, and interacted with clients in order to make sure that satisfaction and promotion of facilities and services are adequately met.
ACHIEVEMENTS
● Increased franchise revenue by 35% (tune of N3M) within 6 months by implementing marketing strategies that increased customer acquisition and purchase of company products.
● Decreased franchise operational costs by 22% by merging similar roles of employees into a single role, this further increased employee’s efficiency and self-development. PRODUCTS AND PROJECTS
● KwikBites Kwik Delivery CCOD (Service Product) K-Fleet Kwik Store Kwik Shelf Kwik API
(Shopify, Prestashop, WooCommerce, Magento, UniCommerce & Server ) NextHandle Marketplace Japtini Logistics getdropper Spen Merchant Application PasspointGO DashApp
● ComplyAdvantage Integration (Customer Screening and Transaction Montioring), Customer Rewards Program, DashCards Integration and Issuance (Physical and Virtual), NIBSS Integration (BVN verification), DashPass Project (Know Your Customer), Sasapay Integration Udara Core Banking Setup, Integration and Customer Migration IMTO Setup and Integrations Plaid (Identity verification) Integration
● Agile Transitioning Plan, Agile Coaching, Leadership and Agile Artifacts PRODUCT & AGILE TOOLS
● Google Forms Zoom & Google Meet Slack Jira & Trello Miro Google Analytics Whimsical Figma Microsoft & Google Suites Discord Notion Confluence OpenAI REFERENCES
• Available on Request.
Contact this candidate