Experience Summary

More than * years of experience as UX Designer, Front-End Developer.
User Interface Design and development, Usability for consumer facing Web sites and applications, including designing as well as creating user experiences.
Excellent communication and people management skills, experienced in onsite-offshore team.
Experienced working in Media, IT environment and communicating with overseas clients.
Good in creating Frontend from scratch without any Frontend frameworks.
Worked with UI Frameworks like Bootstrap, Foundation, Materialise, PrimeNG
Excellent at creating Reponsive layouts.
Worked with custom Icon fonts.
Worked with CSS and SVG Animations.
Good at Critical Render Path Method for SEO.
Good at Fixing UI Bugs.
Worked on Agile methodolgies using JIRA, TFS
Working knowledge of deployment of NodeJS Apps on Heroku
Design examples - https://invis.io/3VDOGZK2N



Skills Summary
Domain
Ad Agency, IT Services
Skills
• Understanding the principles of visual design and branding, User Experience Design and User Centered Design.
• Creating graphic standards and branding guidelines.
• Creating wire frames, personas, flow charts and other diagrams.
• Defining information architecture, navigation, and user orientation strategies.
• Familiarity with User Experience research, usability standards and best practices.
• HTML5, CSS3, JS(ECMAScript 6), jQuery, JSON, AJAX
• Github, Gulp, Heroku(Beginner)
• Some of the plugins that I worked with are mentioned in my github account.
• Currently exploring ANGULAR JS and NODE JS
• Design software: Photoshop, Dreamweaver, Illustrator and Chrome developer Tools, Firebug, Firefox developer Tools, etc
• Page construction, QA, testing, and implementation.
• Content, feature recommendations.
• Creating E-mailers and Flash Ad Banners
Operating System
Windows, Mac, Linux(Ubuntu)
Softwares
Jira, TFS, Git, Photoshop, Sketch, Illustrator, InvisionApp, Craft

Work Experience

Company: L&T Infotech
Project Name
Alias WEB – Viacom
Team Size
10
Start Date
October 2015
End Date
December 2017
Project Description

As a UX Designer and Frontend Developer
• Vms Web is an online digital media or Tape storage application in the form of Asset/Clip/Image, Used for framing, Taping, Editing, Formatting required by user community.
• Vms Web App user can order online delivery of asset or tapes.
• VMS Web allows the library user community of MTV Networks to search for and request digital files as well as tapes from the library archive.
• After locating the files needed, add them to your shopping cart. When you check out, you’ll submit your request electronically to the library.
• Digital files can be sent directly to an ingest server. You can also find out when your tapes are ready to pick up by checking on the status of your request.

Role & Contribution
Creating high fidelity photoshop mockups for better understanding of designs to client.
Converting mockups into HTMLs
Solving UI Alignment Issues
Working on Angular 4
Tools
HTML 5, CSS 3, JS(ECMAScript 6), Angualar 4, PrimeNG, Bootstrap, jQUERY, Photoshop, Sketch, Invision, JIRA, Stash, Github, Firebase, Heroku(Beginner)

Company: KPIT
Project Name
Reliance Foundation Hospital
Team Size
30
Start Date
August 2014
End Date
June 2015
Role & Contribution

As a Frontend Developer
refine the code and set standards for css and js in the team, Maintain the overall code writing consistency.
Working for Reliance client, Converting fixed width layouts to Responsive layouts
Adding Interactivity to the site with graceful degradation approach to support till IE8
Creating websites to follow the Critical Render Path Method for SEO

Tools
HTML 5, CSS 3, JS(ECMAScript 5), jQUERY, jQUERYUI, Photoshop


Company: Ogilvy One
Project Name
M-Pesa
Team Size
12
Start Date
Dec 2012
End Date
August 2014
Role & Contribution

As a UX Designer and Frontend Developer
Creating different themes in the same main site as per the requirement of the ad campaigns.
Developing interactive prototypes according to business, brand, market, and user requirements: Low-fidelity models to demonstrate viability of concepts and high-fidelity prototypes to accompany functional specifications.
Creating Responsive micro sites to fit the width of any device.
Building websites on the implementation of interactive techniques and technologies in a team or with vendors on separate project. most of the time alone.
Worked with Backend developers, UI and Creative Designers to develop a product that meets performance, scalability, and reliability goals.
Supported User Experience research efforts and recommended visual design enhancements with progressive enhancement keeping all browsers in mind.
Creating websites to follow the Critical Render Path Method for SEO

Tools
HTML 5, CSS 3, JS(ECMAScript 5), jQUERY, Photoshop


Company: Network18
Project Name
Overdrive
Team Size
5
Start Date
October 2011
End Date
December 2012
Role & Contribution

As a UX Designer, Frontend Developer
Creating wire frames, personas, flow charts and other diagrams.
Defining information architecture, navigation, and user orientation strategies.
Design software: Photoshop, Dreamweaver, Illustrator and Chrome developer Tools, Firebug, Firefox developer Tools, etc
Content, feature recommendations.
Creating E-mailers and Flash Ad Banners

Tools
HTML 5, CSS 3, JS(ECMAScript 5), jQUERY, Photoshop

Educational Qualification
Year 2011
Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) – Information Technology - 2011 - First Class
Year 2016
Masters of Computer Application (M.C.A) - 2016 - First Class

Certifications
Year 2012
Web Designer Course – Areena Animation
Year 2017 (In Progress)
Full Stack Javascript Developer – TeamTreehouse
https://teamtreehouse.com/musaibmukri

Personal Data
Phone
+91-961*******
Email
ac3ye2@r.postjobfree.com
Skype
ac3ye2@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn
https://www.linkedin.com/in/musaib/
Github
https://github.com/musaib
DOB
12th October 1990
Languages
English, Hindi, Urdu
Nationality
Indian
Passport
Z3813225
Contact this candidate