Jaya Sharath Chandra Ch :ac5yg6@r.postjobfree.com
:+60-113*******
Professional Summary
Having 7+ years of experience in Web Development using leading-edge Responsive Designing Technologies like HTML5, CSS3, Sass, Less, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery.
Has knowledge on Websockets, Angularjs, Angularjs2, Angular Material, PHP, MySQL and Apache Server and PHP frameworks like Wordpress, Drupal, Joomla.
Has Good knowledge to work on Virtual Machines, IBM RAD Tools / Spring Tools.
Experienced in Web tools like Visual studio code, Dreamweaver, Brackets, Notepad++ & etc.,
Experienced in responsive CSS Frameworks like Bootstrap, Foundation, IBM RWDA, PrimeFaces and MDL.
Experienced in designing tools like Photoshop, Fireworks and Flash.
Experienced in vector graphic tools like Illustrator and CorelDraw.
Add-on experience in VFX tools like Eyeon Fusion, Combustion and After Effects.
Worked for projects in Ecommerce and Retail domain.
Self-motivated and enjoy working in a technically challenging environment.
Possess good communication and interpersonal skills. Academic Profile
• Bachelor of Arts from TECHNO GLOBAL UNIVERSITY.
Professional Experience Profile
• Currently working as a Senior Software Engineer in SELECT-TV Solutions SDN BHD from March 03, 2017 to till date.
• Worked as a UI Developer in Kstrata IT Solutions Pvt Ltd from October 06, 2014 to Jan 12, 2017.
• Worked as a Web Developer for What’s In a Name Creatives Pvt. Ltd from Jan 16, 2012 to September 2014.
• Worked as a Web Developer for Raj’s Software Pvt. Ltd. from June, 2010 to Jan, 2012.
Technical Skills Profile
Languages &Frameworks
HTML5, CSS3, Sass, Less, HTML, CSS, JavaScript,
jQuery, WebSockets, PHP, MySQL, Wordpress, Drupal
Operating Systems
Windows XP/7/8
CSS Frameworks
Bootstrap, Foundation, Google Material Design & RWDA Design Tools Photoshop, Illustrator, CorelDraw, Fireworks, Flash Web Edit Tools
VisualStudio Code Dreamweaver, Notepad++,
Brackets, Sublime
Job Profile
Project #1
Title : ROOMIE TV APP
Client : SELECT-TV SOLUTIONS SDN BHD
Environment : PHP
Technologies : HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, WEBSOCKETS
Duration : March 2017 – Till Date
Team size : 2 (PHP Developers) + 4 (Android & IOS Developer) + 1 (UI Developer)
Description :
This is an in-house project I am the person responsible for the TV interface which includes JavaScript Websockets, HTML5, JQuery, Bootstrap CSS3. This application design is based on the responsive layout and it should be remotely accessible using android/IOS devices. The key role of the project is to make a TV app which can be controlled remotely and can project media from device to TV. Project #2
Title : The Good Guys Bonus Offers Page
Client : The Good Guys, Australia
Environment : IBM WCS Framework
Technologies : HTML, CSS3, Bootstrap
Duration : April 2016 – Jan 2017
Team size : 3 (WCS Developers) + 1 (UI Developer)
Reference : www.thegoodguys.com.au
Description :
My role was majorly into building the html version of the mockups given by the business team and making them responsive for desktop, tablet and mobile devices and go through the issues came while development. Here I need to completely test the pages in all the supportive devices before sending the application to the testing team.
Project #3
Title : The Good Guys PDP Page
Client : The Good Guys, Australia
Environment : IBM WCS Framework
Technologies : HTML, CSS3, Bootstrap
Duration : Jul 2015 – Sept. 2015
Team size : 5 (WCS Developers) +1 (UI Developer)
Reference : www.thegoodguys.com.au
Description :
Being the only UI Developer in the team, I have to develop the entire Produce Display Page (PDP) with reference to the mockups and layout requirements given by the Client. And it is a huge success for us to deliver the project within the timeline and without any flaws and UI defects. This project was entirely on IBM Websphere Commerce Framework done in RAD tools on VM (Virtual Machine) and it is completely a responsive template with both IBM RWDA & Bootstrap CSS frameworks. My role was to position & align the widgets and E-spots which were developed by the Developers and also create to create the layout around them. This project is one of the Milestone in my Career. Project #4
Title : Transre – Internal Application
Client : Transre insurance, US
Environment : Angular JS
Technologies : Angular2 & Angular 2 Material, HTML5, SASS, Typescript, Nodejs (NPM)
Duration : April 2016 – Till Date
Team size : 2 Developers + 1 (UI Developer)
Description :
Transre is one of the top Insurance Company in US. It was completely new environment where we need to research simultaneously and complete the tasks on Angular2 Beta version and Angular 2 Material Alpha version which haven’t released with stable versions. Our challenge was to build the application cross browser compatible and fix the issues caused during updates. Project #5
Title : The Good Guys Quick View
Client : The Good Guys, Australia
Environment : IBM WCS Framework
Technologies : HTML, CSS3, Bootstrap
Duration : Sept. 2015 – Oct. 2015
Team size : 3 (WCS Developers) +1 (UI Developer)
Reference : www.thegoodguys.com.au
Description :
I was being assigned to create a button and modal popup which appear on mouse-over of any Product in the entire website and the Clients concern was to show the entire Product Details inside the modal popup and it should be visible only in desktop resolutions. And it is been delivered to the client before the timeline without any defects and UI issues. Project #6
Title : The Good Guys Rebates Engine - Internal Application Client : The Good Guys, Australia
Environment : JAVA
Technologies : HTML, CSS3, PrimeFaces
Duration : Oct. 2015 – Oct. 2015
Team size : 2 (Java Developers) +1 (UI Developer)
Description :
It is a Java project developed on PrimeFaces. Being known nothing about the Technologies they have used, I struggled initially but with the help of my team it took no time to complete the UI for it and been delivered successfully before deadlines. PrimeFaces is a CSS framework which I learnt while working and it was a good experience to learn new things while we work on. This project gave me confidence to go forward with new technologies concerning the growth of my career. Project #7
Title : TGG Bonus Offers Engine - Internal Application Client : The Good Guys, Australia
Environment : JAVA
Technologies : HTML, CSS3, PrimeFaces
Duration : Dec. 2015 – Till Now
Team size : 2 (Java Developers) +1 (UI Developer)
Description :
With the success delivery of the Rebates Project, I have assigned to this project which is in the same environment using PrimeFaces. Since its development is in progress, I have to fix the UI for the pages developed and forwarded to me by the developers. Project #8
Title : Transre – Internal Application
Client : Transre insurance, US
Environment : .NET MVC
Technologies : HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, JqGrid Duration : March 2015 – June 2015
Team size : 2 (.NET Developers) + 1 (UI Developer) Description :
Transre is one of the top Insurance Company in US. There internal application and was built on .net mvc framework. My role was completely towards UI support for 4 months on HTML, CSS, JavaScript and other plugins like JQuery, JQuery UI, jqGrid etc. I have to develop the HTML templates using the mock-ups sent by the client, which are cross-browser compatible and write jQuery functionalities according to the client’s requirement.
Project #9
Title : Kstrata Internal Application
Client : Internal Project.
Environment : JAVA
Technologies : HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, Bootstrap Duration : Nov2014 – Dec 2014
Team size : 1 (Java Developer) +1 (UI Developer)
Description :
The basic idea was to create HR Portal which is a responsive layout and it includes personal profile of employees, Timesheet management, Leaves Management, Tasks engagement, Admin Tools etc. My role was to create complete UI/UX of the project along with front-end functionalities and handover to java team to embed their code and do further development process. Other project done in my previous companies
o Anahita: http://www.anahita.co.in
o Raja Radha Reddy: http://www.rajaradhareddy.com/ o Aurora College of Education: http://www.acejgtl.com o Infoane: http://www.infoane.com
o Teklead: http://www.teklead.net
o PGFE: http://www.pgfe.org
o Tiesummit: http://www.tiesummit.com
o Namesake: http://www.namesakeproductions.com
o Oysterlaunge: http://www.oysterslaunge.com
o KS Beauty centre: http://www.ksbeautycentre.com
o Piclog: http://www.piclog.in
o Offo: http://www.offo.in
o SAHSPL: http://www.sahspl.com
o SAFHSPL: http://www.safhpl.com
o BNC: http://www.bottlesnchimney.com
o Starhomes: http://starhomes.in
o Quiznos: http://www.quiznosindia.com
o Vitamin E: http://www.vitaminentertainment.com
o Khazana Group: http://www.khazanagroup.in
o Minus4: http://www.minus4.in
o Salz: http://www.salzrestobar.com
o Westin: http://www.westin.ac.in
o What’s in a name: https://www.whatsinaname.in
o SSK Infoways: http://www.sskinfoways.com
o Sristek
o Subone
o All Seasons
o Looms of India
o Dial Auto
o Swaadh
o Raj’s Software
o Avalex Associates
o Worked as a Roto artist for Telugu films Josh, Arya-2 during my vfx internship. Responsibilities:
As a UI Developer of Kstrata IT Solutions, I create mock-ups using illustrator, Photoshop and other third party designing tools and develop Responsive html versions for the same with the approval from Clients. I also created jQuery functionalities as per the Client’s requirement.
As a Web designer/Front-end Developer in WIN Creatives, I used to Design the web layouts in Photoshop and convert them to web with fully functional html (responsive / basic) according to the client requirements.
As a Senior Developer, I have to check each and every task (cross browser compatibility
/ functionality) done by my team before sending them further. As a web Designer/Developer in Raj’s Software Pvt Ltd and since I am the only web employee, I need to Design and develop the entire static websites. Personal Profile
Nationality : Indian
Marital Status : Married
Jaya Sharath Chandra Ch
Contact this candidate