Sravan Vemulapalli
510-***-****
ac8uob@r.postjobfree.com
Front end UI Developer
Summary:

Over 3+ years of experience as a Frontend/UI/ Web developer in various client domains.
Experience on Web Technologies using HTML4, HTML5, XHTML, DHTML, JavaScript with ECMA6 features, TypeScript, jQuery, XML and JSON, Bootstrap, Ext.js, Backbone.js, Angular.js, Angular 2/4/5/6, and Node.js.
Proficient in using AJAX for implementing dynamic web pages via API calls.
Ability to develop high performance Single Page Application using advanced Angular.js patterns.
Involved in development of Responsive Web Design using Twitter Bootstrap.
Experience in Developing User Interface (UI) Rich Web Applications, and Web Service Applications using Front End/User Interface (UI) Technologies like Object Oriented JavaScript, Type Script, Angular 2.0, Angular 4, Angular JS, Node JS, Bootstrap, Media Queries, CSS Frameworks, Java.
Expertise in Angular2/4/5/6 framework and its ability to create simple and scalable code for SPA.
Worked extensively on Angular 2/4/5/6 Typescript SPA domains.
Experience writing Angular 5 code for developing Single page applications (SPA), used several in built language core directives, expressions and modules
Extensive experience with Angular 5, creating custom directives, decorators, and services to interface with both restful and legacy network services also DOM applications.
Excellent experience in developing web pages contents with Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) and ability to apply W3C web standards.
Strong Experience in using CSS2, CSS3 and dealing with CSS Animations, Backgrounds, Layouts, Positioning, Text, Border, Padding and CSS Box Model.
Experience in using CSS Preprocessors like SASS, LESS.
Experience in using tools like TSLint and JSLint to maintain coding standards.
Experienced in various IDEs like IntelliJ,Eclipse, Sublime text, Notepad++, Webstrom, Microsoft Visual studio, Dreamweaver, Adobe Photoshop.
Experience in developing web applications supporting different browsers like IE, Mozilla FireFox, Netscape Navigator, Safari and Google Chrome.
Experience with Browser testing, knowledge of cross-browser/cross-platform compatibility.
Very good experience in Document Object Model (DOM).
Plan, deploy, monitor, and maintain Amazon AWS cloud infrastructure consisting of multiple EC2 nodes and VMWare Vm's as required in the environment.
Hands on Experience in working with third party web services APIs and Web Services using AJAX and JQUERY.
Solid experience in Test Drive Development by using Jasmin and Karma.
Hands on experience in using tools Grunt, Bower and Angular CLI.
Good Web Application debugging skills using Chrome Developers Tool and Firebug.
Proficient in SQL databases MS SQL, MySQL and Oracle.
Experience in Object Oriented programming concepts in java.
Worked on various features in ECMA Script 6 (ES6) such as Arrow functions, Classes, and enhanced object literals.
Good experience in consuming RESTful web services from Backend.
Well versed with complete Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) process with expertise in Planning, Reviewing Specification, Documentation, Scheduling, Design, Development, Testing, Implementation and Maintenance of applications.
Worked with AGILE Methodology and participated in SCRUM meetings.
Good Experience with Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery by using tools like Jenkins.
Experience with Version Control tools like GIT and SVN for Source Code version management.
Experience using JIRA for project tracking.
Strong communication, problem-solving, organizing and planning skills, with ability to work independently or in a team environment. High attention to detail and pixel perfect, self-motivated, and very dependable.

Technical Skills:

Web Technologies
HTML/HTML5, CSS2/CSS3, DHTML, XML, XHTML, XSLT, AJAX, JQuery, JSON, Bootstrap, Gulp, Grunt
JavaScript Libraries
Java script, type script, Ext JS, Node.js, Angular.js, Angular 2, Angular 4, Angular 5
IDE's and Tools
Eclipse IDE, IntelliJ, NetBeans, Webstrom, Microsoft Visual studio, Sublime text, Bugzilla, GitHub, Maven
Debugging Tools
Firebug, Developer Tools
Database
PL/SQL (oracle), MySQL, MSSQL
Operating System
Windows 2000/XP/Vista/7/8, MAC OS X

Professional Experience:

Client: MasterCard, St Louis, MO Feb’ 18 – Till Date
Role: Front End/Angular Developer

Responsibilities:

As a UI Developer, my responsibility was to work on the UI screen and Construct a powerful and modern frontend architecture, involving Angular 4/5/6 and ES2015 and Node based workflow and build system Webpack and other tools.
Designed dynamic and browser compatible pages using Angular 4/5/6, HTML, CSS (SASS), flex, Babel, Sagas.
Involved in all phases of SDLC from designing till deploying the application and worked in Agile Methodology and involved in daily meetings and sprint planning.
Involved in developing responsive UI using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap and SPA (single page application) using Angular 4, Typescript, Angular-CLI, Bootstrap and Webpack.
Used Angular router and implemented module wide routing and created different forms using Angular data driven and template driven forms.
Developed Angular Components, Services, Filters and took part in developing unit test and integration test cases using Jasmine, Karma and Web-pack.
ES6 typescript used in Angular 2.
Consumed REST services using Angular HTTP and performed various REST Http operations for data retrievals and updates.
Wrote build & deployment scripts using gradle and worked on Jenkins for continuous Integration process.
Implemented client side validations in registration forms, login and logout forms using JavaScript (ECMA Script).
I have knowledge on ARIA tag attributes to search content to relate dynamic server-side information to screen readers and for greater keyboard accessibility.
Watched changes in project with gulp task runner, with installation of latest versions of ES6 which will run on Node JS environment.
Performed Test Driven Development (TDD)
Used GIT as a version controlling system and IntelliJ as the IDE.
Used ALM Rally as the test management tool.
Worked on the application grocery.walmart.com as Node.js developer to build different REST APIs for modules such as user, products, checkout.
Worked with NPM commands and using Package.json for managing dependencies and dev-dependencies of Node.js applications.
Used npm, bower to install and manage dependencies in applications.
Developed single page applications using Angular 2/4/5/6, web pack and grunt.
Worked withAngular.js routers, forms, modules, DOM, events, expressions, controllers, filters and Http Request.
Worked closely with QA team in fixing the reported bugs/defects and checking cross-platform Compatibility.
Used JIRA as the bug tracking system to track and maintain the history of bugs/issues on an everyday basis.
Created Style, look and feel of the web page with SASS that extends CSS with dynamic behavior such as
variables, mixins, operations, and functions.
Used JavaScript and D3.js to extract data to Excel sheet as CSV for better user experience.
Collaborate with the application architect, backend developers and QA on JSON API design and Integration tests and maintain comprehensive unit tests.
Developed cross-browser/platform HTML5, Node.js,CSS, and JavaScript to match design specs for complex page layouts while adhering to code standards.
Created Single Page Application with loading multiple views using route services and adding more user experience to make it more dynamic by using Angular5 CLI.
Worked with Angular 5 Forms, Validations, Modules, Factory Services, DOM, Events, Expressions, Directives, Controllers, filters, Http Request.
Used Node.JS for processing the incoming data in each level and generate a document and save it to MongoDB.
Experienced in entire Software Development Life Cycle starting from requirement gathering, prototyping, system analysis and design, system and data modeling, database design, development, unit testing, integration testing, documentation and maintenance.
Maintained Cross Browser compatibility & implement Responsive Design using Twitter Bootstrap.
Implemented modules into Node JS to integrate with designs and requirements.
Refine and iterate user experience by designing and implementing new modules and interfaces in a complex, responsive site.
Involved in the development of main website to improve user experience Using CSS layouts.
Extensively used CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) along with RWD to apply different styles to the layouts for varying screen sizes and pixels.
Participated in change and code reviews to understand the functional design and business process flow of the system.
Developed page layouts, Navigations and presented designs and concepts to client for review.
Created and tested scripts using JQuery on various browsers Chrome, Firefox, Opera, Safari, IE, etc.
Experience in using GIT Bash.
Used NVDA Screen reader for Accessibility.
Worked with architects & Developers to enhance application functionality and add new features.

Environment:
Java 1.8, HTML 5, CSS 3, Bootstrap, Angular 2/4, Typescript, Javascript, JSON, XML, Spring MVC, Spring boot, Spring Data, RESTful, Apache Maven, Gradle, Jenkins, Confluence, GIT, Visual Studio Code IDE, Jasmine, Karma, Angular CLI, Mockito, Junit.

Client: E Gate Solutions, Chicago, IL May’16-Dec’ 17
Role: UI Developer
Responsibilities:

Involved in Requirement gathering phase in order to gather the requirements from the business users and dealing with UX team to continuously accommodate changing user requirements.
Applied Use Cases diagram to validate and test web application design against the UI architecture.
Involved in client side designing and validations using HTML5 and Angular 2.
Experience in client design and validations using HTML5, Angular 2 (version 4.x), Typescript, Bootstrap, JQuery API, JavaScript, AJAX, Node JS, npm, Angular-CLI.
Used Angular 2/4 with Typescript to develop a Single Page Application.
Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component based architecture provided by Angular 2/4..
Participated in Agile Process/SCRUM Meetings.
Worked on the modernization of UI using angular grid with page nations and sorting.
Implemented routing to allow for the use of a Single-page-application (SPA) with different content using route provider in the Angular JS Module and ng-view in the HTML5.
Good amount of work done on Reactive forms or Web Forms 2.0 in Angular 2 and their Validations.
Create desktop application with Angular 2/4 and Unit Test with Karma-Jasmine.
Updated the application with new features of Angular 4.
Worked on some of the new features of Angular 4 like new if else syntax, ng-templates, form validators.
Moved existing AngularJS controllers and services to Angular 2 components for more responsive and less dependency.
Enhanced legacy application by building new components in Angular 2 and typescript.
Developed single page applications using Angular 2, Typescript, web pack and grunt.
Hands on Experience on Angular 2 technology for one complete project in rebasing the UI of the application using the techniques in Angular 2.
Wrote various classes and methods for data retrieval while implementing Angular 2 components.
Developed page layouts, Navigations and presented designs and concepts to the clients and the management review.
Implemented Client side validation using Angular JS Custom Form Validation with ng-show and ng-hide.
Used the Mozilla Firefox extension, Firebug, to view and debug HTML, DOM and JavaScript.
Implemented ng-repeat to display tabular data and utilized features such as sorting, filtering, paging and data manipulation to perform CRUD operations by using Angular JS
Developed web page layouts using CSS mechanism to include different colors, layout, width, height, font size, images size to the web pages.
Used Angular Js created custom directives for data manipulations and to display data in company standard format in UI.
Created S3 buckets in the AWS environment to store files, sometimes which are required to serve static content for a web application.
Worked on Angular forms validation to do client side validations.
Used SASS structures for styling.
Used jQuery to traverse through a DOM tree and manipulated the nodes in the tree
Created Node.js middleware application server to encapsulate modern JS widget framework and control set.
Involved in the development of responsive design using Twitter BootStrap.
Utilized various JQUERY plugins to build Rich Internet Application (RIA) to make it look more intuitive.
Used AJAX framework for asynchronous data transfer between the browser and the server.
Involved in development of TDD using Jasmine and karma.
Created and modified new and existing pages, applied new styles on the pages with the help of Dojo and JavaScript.
Used maven for building and deploying the application.
Worked with the team of architects and back-end Developers to gather requirements and enhance the application functionality and add new features.

Environment: HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, JQuery, TypeScript, AJAX, BootStrap, Angular 2, Node JS, DOM, maven, Java, Jasmine, Karma, Agile, Windows.
Contact this candidate