ARKAR MYAT
ad08ir@r.postjobfree.com 518-***-**** Niskayuna, New York, 12309 arkar.space in/arkar-kaung-myat SUMMARY
Experienced Front End Engineer with 4+ years in TypeScript, React, and CSS. Contributed UI development at Regency Specialist Hospital as my last project, specializing in delivering testable code, code reviews, testing and smooth integrations. Committed to delivering user experiences through technical excellence. SKILLS
Programming Languages: JavaScript, TypeScript, HTML5, CSS3, Python, Web Technologies: React, Svelte, Next.js, CSS/SASS, Node.js, Cypress, Jest, AWS, Redux, Git, Storybook, Rest API, Docker, SQL, PostgreSQL, GraphQL, TailwindCSS, Github, Firebase, Express WORK EXPERIENCE
Otterdev 8/2022 - 09/2023
Senior Frontend engineer Remote - Singapore
Built mock and UI designs (Figma Design) into visually stunning websites with expertise Semantic HTML, CSS, React, and TypeScript into scalable, maintainable front-end applications(SSR) ensuring a 100% on-time delivery record.
Conducted integration among CMS, API, and third-party services by utilizing caching strategies and strategically reducing unnecessary API calls, contributing in a 30% reduction in data retrieval time and significant cost savings by 10%.
Increased web performance and content delivery by configuring and managing AWS, S3, and CloudFront distributions leading to a 40% reduction in page load times and overall enhancement in site performance.
Supervised and set up front-end development tools like Babel, Webpack, and ESLint by utilizing my skills to optimize workflows achieving 100% organized, documented, and streamlined workflow. Digital Laboratory 07/2021 - 8/2022
Frontend engineer Remote - Japan
Collaboratively integrated RESTful and GraphQL APIs into the frontend UI using React and Gatsby.js, by closely working with backend developers, contributing 100% reliability and enhanced functionality of the web applications.
Delivered performance maintainable and secure websites by upgrading Japanese Shopify websites to React and Gatsby.js SSG websites leading to a notable 60% increase in user traffic.
Executed accessibility enhancements and SEO optimizations, continually monitoring performance reports over time with tools like SERanking, Lighthouse, and Pagespeed Insights achieving 40% SEO boost.
Proposed and planned an efficient design system using Storybook, React and TailwindCSS in an agile workflow resulting in 30% reduction of UI development and faster release cycles. NawPhire Technology 04/2019 - 07/2021
Web Developer Myanmar
Contributed to a real-time system for tracking parcels and managing route by utilizing front-end component libraries, conducting pull requests and code reviews resulting in 30% increase in operating efficiency.
Achieved system reliability and improved quality of web applications with comprehensive test suits and strategies by utilizing testing frameworks like Jest and Enzyme, maximizing software stability and user experience by 30%.
Maintained projects involving Nginx, EC2 instances, database servers, and Digital Ocean droplets by applying extensive debugging techniques and workflow resulting in 20% faster and more reliable software releases. Tehtwin Innovation Lab 2018-2019
Internship Myanmar
Conducted user experience research, developed immersive AR applications with React Native, allowing users to explore virtual house models and a 100% increase in user satisfaction.
Collaborated with senior engineers on data virtualization in IoT projects, improving valuable skills in Python, problem-solving and troubleshooting skills resulting in field ready experiences. EDUCATION
Mandalay Technological University Myanmar
BE : Mechatronic Engineering - Unfinished
Courses: Maths and Data Virtualization (Python), Algorithms and Data Structures I & II (C++), IOT development (C)
Contact this candidate