NISHA SAHARE
Plot No.**, Milind Nagar Near
Buddha Vihar, Nagpur-440017.
Citizenship: Indian
Whatsapp No: 916-***-****
Objectives:
I want to be associated with growth oriented organization that gives me scope to enhance my knowledge and skills in according with latest trend and to be leader of a team that dynamically works towards the growth of organization and ensure job satisfaction as a Frontend Developer.
Profile Overview:
IT Experience: 2 Years.
Technical Expertise:
Front Technologies: HTML, CSS, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript,React Js, Bootstrap.
Data Base: MySQL
Tools: Visual Studio.
Professional Summary:
An IT professional with 2 years of experience in Web Development, Web Designing, Project Management.
Have experience in developing web pages both static and dynamic.
Hands and experience on HTML, HTML5, CSS, CSS3, Javascript, Bootstrap.
Good knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle methodologies.
Experience in end to end development of software products from requirement analysis to system study, designing, coding and testing.
Capability to expand application architecture, functional and detailed design requirements.
Knowledge of SQL queries.
Good communication and interpersonal skills.
Work Experience:
Work Experience: 2 YEAR Experience.
Company Name : CNC WEB WORLD TECHNOLOGIES PVT LTD PUNE.
Designation : Frontend Developer.
Educational Details:
Degree University/Board Institution
B.E (Comp.Sci & Engg) RTMNU University Smt.Rajshree Mulak College of Engineering,Nagpur.
Diploma(Computer
Technology)
M.S.B.T.E Priyadarshini Polytechnic,
Nagpur
Higher Secondary(sci) M.S.B S.C.S. Girls Junior College Secondary M.S.B Mahatma Fule Kanya
Highschool
Contact:
Tel: +919*********
Email: ad35e6@r.postjobfree.com
Current Employment Experience:
Project Details:
Project: AGS Movers
Project Link: https://agsmovers.com/
Project Brief: You should be able to Organize a webpage with HTML,CSS and make the website interactive with Js. View the best layout for each page based on the size of their device’s screen. For all interactive elements on the site, see hover states. our mission is to deliver excellent removal services across the globe,whether we are moving from France to Africa from the Caribbean to Middle East. AGS Movers is international removal, offering, customized and innovating moving and storage services for individuals and businesses. AGS Movers offers bespoke services: vehicle transport, insurance, packing services, secure storage, international, domestic and office assets.
Role Played: Frontend Developer
Technologies: HTML.CSS,BOOTSTRAP,JS

Project Details:
Project: Broadband Services
Project Link: https://asianetbroadband.in/
Project Brief: This website is created for Asianet Broadband Services in Kerala
(India). Anyone can visit this website and check their broadband plans and corporate plans. Anyone from Kerala can also send request for new broadband connection or corporate related service like web hosting, mini leased lines through fill the forms. At present they provides their services in Kerala over 19 district. Asianet Broadband Services user can pay their bills online through the website and they also track their details through login their profile. They can also create a new profile if they haven't any profile. Asianet Broadband Agent can also login their profile and generate request for new connection, bill payment, track records etc. Anyone can use live chat for solve their service related query.
Role Played: Frontend Developer
Technologies: HTML,CSS,BOOTSTRAP
Project Details:
Project: Portfolio
Project Link: https://nishasahare.github.io/portfolio/
Project Brief: User can be able to do following View the best layout for each page based on the size of their device’s screen. For all interactive elements on the site, see hover states. On the homepage, click the “About Me” call-to-action and scroll down to the next session. When submit the contact form, you ‘II get an error message if: If the Name, Email Address, or Message fields are Blank, the message “This field is required” should appear. “Please use a valid email address” should appear if the email address is not formatted correctly.
Role Played: Frontend Developer
Technologies: HTML, CSS, JavaScript.
Achievements:
National level Participation Certificate.
Activity and Interested:
Photography
Old Coins Collections
Personal profile:
Permanent Address: Plot No.47,Milind Nagar Near Buddha vihar Nagpur.
Hobbies: Playing Badminton, Watching Motivational videos.
Marital Status: Single.
Strengths : Active listening skills, Good Communication Skills.
Language Known:
Language Read Write Speak
English
Marathi
Hindi
“I hereby declare that all the information mentioned above in the resume is correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.”
Place: Nagpur
Date:
[Nisha Sahare]
Signature of Candidate
2 P a g e
Contact this candidate