SETH HAMMER
SENIOR FRONTEND ENGINEER
WOODMERE, NY 810-***-**** ad3qu5@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Summary
Experienced and passionate frontend developer with 10 years of experiences of proven leadership and meaningfully contributions to teams of varying size and scope. With my results-driven mentality, I transformed my team at Github by seeking, learning and teaching new, efficient technologies to make aggressive deadlines consistently achievable. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with a keen focus on delivering high-quality, efficient, and scalable software solutions. Committed to staying current with emerging technologies and industry trends to drive continuous improvement and contribute to organizational success.
Soft Skills

Technical Leadership
Responsive Design & User Interfaces (UI)
Agile Methodologies
Software Development
SEO & Code Optimization
Design pattern & MVC, MVVP
Object-Oriented Programming
Source Control Management
Document Object Model (DOM)
Test Driven Development
Project Management
Team Building & Management
Quality Assurance
Cross-browser compatibility
Creative Problem Solving
Flexible & Adaptable
Self-motivated & Goal-oriented
Dedicated & Committed

Hard Skills
Programming Languages: JavaScript, TypeScript, Python, C#, Java
Frontend: HTML5, CSS3, Sass, Flexbox, Bootstrap, React, Angular, Vue.js, Next.js, Tailwind CSS, Material UI, Ant Design, Styled Components, AJAX, DOM, HOC
State Management: Redux, Mobx, Recoil, Redux Toolkit, Redux-Saga, Redux-Thunk
Backend Integration: Node.js, Express.js, GraphQL, Apollo Client, Spring Boot, .Net, Django
Cloud Services: AWS, Azure, Firebase, GCP
DevOps: Jenkins, Git, Azure, AWS
Testing: Unit Test, Enyzme, Jest
Work Experiences
Senior Frontend Developer Apr 2021 – Dec 2023
Levrx Troy, NY
Led a team of 5 frontend developers in designing and implementing scalable customer-facing healthcare pages using React, Typescript, Angular, CSS3, generating $1m revenue in 1 month during COVID-19 pandemic.
Integrated AWS to allow easy iteration in company cloud infrastructure.
Implemented front-end features using Angular and React, enhancing the user interface and overall user experience for healthcare platforms.
Worked AI-powered recommendation systems into e-commerce web applications, enhancing user personalization and increasing conversion rates by 20%.
Collaborated with product owners, stakeholders, and engineering teams to identify and deliver high-quality frontend code that meets the needs of the business and customers using React, Typescript.
Conducted automated testing using Jenkins and Docker, reducing the time spent on manual testing and improving code quality.
Mentored junior engineers, providing guidance and support in adopting best practices and enhancing their technical skills.
Participated in Agile ceremonies such as daily stand-ups, sprint planning, and retrospectives.
Senior React Frontend Developer Jun 2018 – Apr 2021
Evernote Redwood City, CA
Improved the performance of the frontend by following several scenarios - code splitting, optimizing API calls and re-renders, SSR, SEO.
Developed and maintained SPA for retail and education websites using React.js and integrated seamless Restful APIs from different backend services with Spring and .NET.
Implemented user authentication and authorization using Passport.js.
Combined Redux and Context API to handle complex states by separating states into local and global.
Leveraged Firestore as a real-time database to store and synchronize application data, enabling collaborative features and real-time updates in React applications.
Implemented GCP to securely store and serve static assets, optimizing the performance and delivery of React application resources.
Worked closely with designers and stakeholders to ensure project goals were met.
Web Frontend Developer Mar 2015 - May 2018
Brightcove Boston, MA
Developed several marketing sites using various technologies, including React, Vue.js, Webpack, and headless CMS such as Builder.io and Data CMS.
Developed reusable components and implemented a responsive design, resulting in a seamless shopping experience across devices.
Converted HTML pages into Single page applications using Angular.js and Vue.js frameworks.
Worked to create tools that enhanced user interaction in any browser.
Ensured the technology implemented promoted efficiency, speed, and smooth functionality.
Continually tested the site for usability while addressing any bugs.
Collaborated with the QA team to identify and fix software defects, ensuring high-quality deliverables.
Frontend Developer Nov 2013 – Mar 2015
Yoobic New York, NY
Developed Desk platform responsive web pages with HTLML5, CSS, JavaScript for optimal functionality.
Built cross-browser compatible and accessibility compliant websites, resulting in 22% faster load time than industry average.
Produced multiple visual elements of web applications by translating UI/UX design.
Worked closely with an agile team of 10 members and provided end-to-end solutions for clients.
Education
Degree Obtained: Computer Science, DSA, Security, Web Development
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Sriwijaya University, Indonesia Oct 2008 - Sep 2013
Contact this candidate