NIKOLAI BORISENKO
www.linkedin.com/in/nikolai-borisenko github.com/NickKatafol
Miami, Fl, USA ad46oe@r.postjobfree.com +1-786-***-**** Senior Software Engineer proficient in JavaScript, TypeScript, Node.js with over 7 years of experience. Specialize in delivering cutting-edge Vue.js, Nuxt.js frontend applications and support them with backend structures. Dive into DevOps, CI/CD, cloud (AWS, Digital Ocean). Covered such business needs as a delivery of a large marketplace with CMS and SSR support, user-friendly services with a comprehensive cross-dynamic system of forms and inputs, a high-quality modernization of an outdated project with its migration from Vue 2 to Vue 3. Work independently delivering end-to-end the entire application as a sole developer. Lead a team. Professional Experience
Senior Software Engineer National Tourism Technologies November 2020 - present Moscow, Russia, remotely.
Primarily responsible for delivering end-to-end the entire frontend applications as the sole developer. Led the team for migration of the legacy project from Vue 2 to Vue 3.
● Collaboration with UI Design Team and Backend Team for developing project design.
● Developing the main architecture of the frontend application based on the 5 microfrontends.
● Developing a strategy for migration of legacy projects from Vue 2 to Vue 3, remaining it in production without slack of any functionality.
● Developed plugins and features: universal request sending and error processing for support REST API, tooltips, modal windows, data storages (Pinia, Vuex), data converters, implementing classes with SOLID principles.
● Implementing an interface Internationalization with English, French, Russian, and German via i18n.
● Craft over 32 user-friendly, responsive, and cross-browser compatible interfaces with more than 27 reusable components, focusing on state management and the effective use of component lifecycle.
● Implementing an Authentication System using JWT, improving data privacy and system integrity by granting the users more than 27 different access rights to certain project resources.
● Improved overall code quality through rigorous Testing with Cypress.io, Vitest, Jest.js, reducing bugs and improving the reliability of our applications (unit, integration & end-to-end testing).
● Measure a Performance with LCP, FID, and CLS parameters, and implement a set of increasing tactics.
● Check web application Vulnerabilities and Security Risks such as Cross-Site Scripting (XSS), and provide tactics for preventing attacks, in particular, implementing a validation for forms, and sanitizing for v-html directive.
● Manage daily Git/GitLab repositories, contributing to a significant reduction in merge conflicts.
● Leverage CI/CD by implementing a Pipeline with Automatic Testing and Continuous Delivery.
● Solving strategic and tactical obstacles independently and through team brainstorming as well.
● Manage self-workload to maintain teamwork and complete work within the planned time frame.
● Led Scrum team of 3 frontend developers in sprint planning, daily stand-ups, and sprint reviews, driving a culture of continuous improvement and exceeding sprint goals. Principles used: Sistem Design, Domain Driven Design, User Centered Design, Mobile First Design, Object Oriented Programming, Test Driven Development, SOLID, BEM, Performance Optimization, Application Security Issues, GitFlow, CI/CD, Automatic Testing, Agile, Scrum.
Technologies used: JavaScript ES-6+, TypeScript, Vue.js 2, Vue.js 3, SingleSPA.js, Webpack, Webpack Module Federation, Restful APIs, JWT, Vite, Pinia, Vuex, VueRouter, Vuelidate, i18n, HTML5, CSS3, SCSS, Bootstrap, Vuetify, Tailwind CSS, Cypress.io, Vitest, Jest.js, Linux, Git, GitLab, NGINX, Docker, Jenkins. Software Engineer Alef Digital May 2018 - September 2020 Moscow, Russia
Delivering the frontend application for the large marketplace:
● Successfully delivered the consumer’s part of applications with over 27 product pages, private baskets, authorization, and payment systems powered by Nuxt.js, TypeScript, and its ecosystem.
● Development of architecture and implementation of headless Content Management System (CMS).
● Leading applications to represent our web app for various devices across different platforms spawning 3+ major browsers (Chrome, Firefox, Safari).
● Collaborating with the backend team for developing all of about 19 REST APIs.
● Collaborated closely with designers, product managers, and fellow developers to comprehend project requirements and implement high-quality features.
● Leading the team of 4 frontend developers through Agile and Scrum. Technologies: JavaScript, ES-6+, TypeScript, Nuxt.js 3, Docker, NGINX, Node.js, Object Oriented Programming, HTML, CSS3, SCSS, BEM, Adaptive and Cross Browser layout, GitLab, Agile, Scrum. Software Developer NeuroTrend October 2017 - March 2018 Moscow, Russia
Primarily responsible for delivering modern front-end features for client-side applications:
● Landing the applications using Vue.js 2.
● Implementing UI designs employing HTML, CSS3, BEM. Technologies: JavaScript, ES-6+, Vue.js, Vuex, HTML, CSS3, BEM, Adaptive and Cross Browser layout, VueApollo. Frontend Web Developer IvolgaIT May 2016 - July 2017 Moscow, Russia
Delivering lendings of application pages:
● Landing the pages and reusable components for our application using Vue.js 2 and Nuxt.js 2.
● Implemented and tailored UI designs employing Bootstrap CSS, Vuetify CSS, significantly improving user experience, and contributing to overall improvement in user satisfaction. Technologies: JavaScript, ES-6+, Vue.js 2, Nuxt.js 2, Vuex, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap CSS, Vuetify, Adaptive and Cross Browser layout, Pixel Perfect Layout.
Education
● ASSOCIATE of SCIENCE, AS, Computer Software Engineering October 2016 – February 2017 Bauman Moscow State Technical University, Moscow (Russia) Skills and Technologies
Holistic Thinking Development of the System Design and architecture based on assigned business needs. Determining ways to solve obstacles.
Analytical Approach Determining the stack and requirements necessary to implement the frontend architecture and its connection with the backend.
Methodology: Domain Driven Design, Object Oriented Programming, Functional Programming, Test Driven Development, SOLID, Performance Optimization, Application Security Issues, Gitflow.
Languages: JavaScript (ES-6+, class at ESMAScript-6, etc.), TypeScript, Node.js. Technologies-Frontend: Vue.js 2, Vue.js 3, Nuxt.js 2, Nuxt.js 3, SingleSPA.js, Vite, Webpack, Module Federation, Webworker, Git.
Technologies - Vue.js: Pinia, Vuex, VueRouter, Vuelidate, i18n, Web Component (Custom Element), Reusable Components, auth0-vue, VueApollo.
Technologies - Testing: Unit testing (Vitest), Integration testing (Vitest), E2e testing (Cypress.io), Jest.js. Technologies - Layout: Semantic Layout, Responsive Design, Mobile-First Development, HTML5, CSS3 (grid, flexbox, CSS variables as well), BEM, SCSS, Pug.js, Bootstrap, Vuetify, Tailwind CSS, i18n, Adaptive layout, Cross Browser Compatibility.
Technologies - Backend: Docker, NGINX, Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB, PostgreSQL, JSON, OAuth, JWT, Restful API, GraphQL.
DevOps: Linux administration, Shell, Bash, CI/CD, Nexus, Jenkins, Pipeline, Automatic Testing, GitLab, AWS(EC2, ORM, ECS, etc.), Digital Ocean.
Projects & Extra
● Demo project with Vue.js:
GitHub: https://github.com/NickKatafol/Weather_widget.git Stack: Vue.js 3, TypeScript, Object Oriented Programming, class, Domain Driven Design, Vuelidate, the plugin for implementation of a REST API, Reusable Components, HTML5, SCSS, CSS3 (greed, flexbox), Unit testing
(Vitest), e2e testing (Cypress).
● Demo project with Nuxt.js:
GitHub: https://github.com/NickKatafol/Exchange_calculator.git Stack: Nuxt.js 3, TypeScript, Unit test (Vitest), SEO, Domain Driven Design, preventive validation, HTML5, CSS3
(greed, flexbox, CSS variables).
Addition information
● Live permanently in the US..
● Willing to relocate anywhere in the US.
● US work authorization for any employer.
Contact this candidate