SNEHA BIRAJDAR
Frontend Developer
E-MAIL: ad4wfg@r.postjobfree.com
MOBILE +91-996*******
LOCATION
Pune, India
Profile Summary:
Results-driven Frontend Developer with 3 years of experience creating visually stunning and user-friendly web applications and 2 years of experience in core Java.
Proficient in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, and highly skilled in using modern frontend framework like Angular to build responsive and dynamic interfaces.
Adept at collaborating with cross-functional teams to translate UI/UX designs into seamless, high-performance user experiences.
Constantly staying updated with emerging technologies and design trends to deliver cutting-edge frontend solutions.
Committed to writing clean, maintainable code and passionate about optimizing websites for speed and performance.
Project Highlights
SSO Web Application: Balance Score Card Project – Role: Frontend Developer
Web Application Diet control Project – Role: Frontend Developer.
Data as a Service Project – Role: Frontend Lead
WORK EXPERIENCE
July 2022 till date: Inteliment Technologies PVT.LMT, Pune Associate Software Engineer – Frontend Developer
Developed and maintained responsive web applications using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, translating UI/UX designs into interactive user interfaces.
Utilized frontend framework Angular to build dynamic and efficient components, improving the overall user experience.
Implemented responsive design principles to ensure seamless functionality across various devices and screen sizes, resulting in increased user engagement.
Collaborated with the design team and backend developers to integrate frontend interfaces with backend APIs, ensuring smooth data exchange and application flow.
Identified and resolved frontend-related issues and bugs through thorough testing and debugging, resulting in a stable and reliable application.
Optimized website performance and loading times by reducing HTTP requests, optimizing images, and leveraging browser caching, resulting in improved user satisfaction and SEO rankings.
Contributed to code reviews to maintain code quality, provide feedback, and enforce best practices, fostering a collaborative and efficient development environment.
Stayed updated with the latest frontend technologies and trends, researching and implementing new tools and techniques to enhance development processes.
Experience working in Agile development methodology.
Closely worked in Azure projects.
April 2018 to June 2022: Sri Chaitanya Techno School, Pune IT Trainer– Frontend Technologies
Designed and conducted a Web Technology Training.
Developed an Online voting system in school using HTML, CSS, and PHP.
Designed and Developed an Automated Library for School using Java.
Worked on School mobile application development using Java, android studio. May 2017 to March 2018: NIIT Foundation & iTeach School, Pune IT Trainer– Frontend Technologies
Assessing training needs, preparing and conducting training programs.
Worked for NIIT’s NGuru’s Program.
February 2016 to May 2017: G.H Raisoni College of Engineering, Pune Assistant Professor– Web Technologies.
Prepared detailed lecture schedules and conducted them for BCA, and BCS departments.
Worked with department heads on various projects.
Assisted professor’s/department heads with various software.
Worked as a project guide for Third year student
Encouraged students for various pilot projects and industry interactions. November 2014 to October 2015: Seriapin Software PVT LMT Pune Developer– Android Developer.
Developed user-friendly applications as per client need and industry best-practice.
Developed custom applications and modify existing ones.
Created new features and codes to support application development.
Utilized UI wireframes and specifications to support Android tablet and mobile device applications.
Diagnosed and resolved complex application software problems. Recognitions
Received Pat on the back award from Inteliment for high level commitment hard work and dedication on one of the Client Project
Received Raising Star 2023 Award from Inteliment for high level commitment hard work and dedication on one of the Client Project.
EDUCATION CORE COMPETENCIES
EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES / ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENTS
Appreciation award from G. H. Raisoni Career Foundation
Presented new strategies and ideas for BCA admission cycle of 2016-17
Compared state-level debate competition
PERSONAL DETAILS
Address: 402, Ishita Heights, Lane no 2, Manjari BK - 412307 MCA. From Savitribai Phule Pune
University in 2014 with 65%
BCA from University of Pune in 2011
with first class
Angular, Java
Rest Web services
Version Control /Git
Browser Developer Tools
Web Accessibility
RxJS, ngx-
Bootstrap
Responsive Design
Contact this candidate