Deepa Puppala
Frontend Developer
ad50ah@r.postjobfree.com
+1-913-***-****

SUMMARY
Experienced UI Developer with 5+ years of expertise in crafting and implementing innovative solutions for complex web applications.
Over five years of professional, I have honed my skills primarily as a Full Stack Developer.
I have expertise in various programming and web technologies, including HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, PHP, C, AJAX, jQuery, Java, Spring, Spring Boot, JavaScript.
Used Bootstrap front-end framework for faster and easier Web Development.
Proficient in front-end/UI development, with expertise in various programming and web technologies including HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, Angular, ReactJS, Node.js, Express.js, and Spring Boot.
Developed reusable micro frontend components using modern JavaScript frameworks like React and Angular, ensuring consistency across different parts of the application.
Demonstrated the ability to adapt and learn, extending expertise beyond frontend to backend technologies.
Capable of working on the backend technologies such as Java, Spring, and Spring Boot bringing a full-stack perspective to development projects.
Proficient in building RESTful APIs, scalable and high-performance microservices using Spring Boot and applications in MVC design pattern.
Identified and resolved cross-browser compatibility issues across multiple platforms, ensuring consistent user experience across different browsers such as Chrome, Firefox, Safari, and Edge.
Database skills in Oracle SQL, MySQL, Postgres SQL, phpMyAdmin, and RDBMS.
SCMs include GitHub, GitLab, SVN.
My tools proficiency extends to Visual Studio, Eclipse IDE, NetBeans IDE, Angular CLI, F12 Developer Tools, JIRA, Web Logic, IntelliJ, Kubernetes, Docker, RabbitMQ, PEGA BPM Tool, Postman, Swagger, Splunk, Azure, Jenkins, Jira, and Confluence.
In terms of development methodology, I am well-versed in Agile and Waterfall approaches.
For testing, I utilize frameworks such as Karma, Jasmine, Protractor, Junit, Jest, and React Testing Library.
Enthusiastic about leveraging technology to develop innovative and user-friendly solutions, continuously seeking opportunities for improvement.
EDUCATION
Master of Science in Computer Science Aug 2022 – May 2024
University of Central Missouri, Warrensburg, MO
Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science & Engineering Sep 2014 – May 2018
CVR College of Engineering, Hyderabad, India
Technical skills:

Technologies:
JSP, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Typescript, Angular, Web Services, AJAX, jQuery, NodeJS, and Angular JS, Bootstrap, Angular CLI, React, Redux, Express.js.
Frameworks
Spring IOC, Spring Security, Spring MVC, Spring Boot, Spring Batch, Spring Activity Framework, Hibernate.
Databases
Oracle, MySQL, MS-Access, MongoDB, PostgreSQL and MS-SQL Server

Servers
Tomcat, GlassFish, JBoss, WebLogic

Messaging Engine:
Apache Kafka, RabbitMQ
Development Tools/IDE
Eclipse, Eclipse 3.0+, Visual Studio, IntelliJ

Debugging tools
Firebug, Chrome Developer Tools.

Development Methodologies
Agile/Scrum, Waterfall

Tools
Figma, Adobe XD, Log4j, Axure RP, Jenkins, GitLab, SVN, GitHub, TortoiseSVN, Postman etc.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Client: USAA Sep 2023 – Till Now
Software Engineer
•Developing Scalable, secure, and highly reliable applications right from requirements to design to development, testing and deployment.
•Extensively Used React JS Hooks and React JS lifecycle methods.
•Worked in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, and context.
•Worked through cross browser compatibility issues with layout and styles for all new CSS that was implemented.
•Integrated the application with primarily developed backend REST API In Microservices architecture using Node.js
•Implemented comprehensive functional and regression testing strategies, resulting in reducing critical bugs and an improvement in overall software quality.
•Worked on Declarative and compassable React Components to run with Webpack server.
•Experience in using AWS S3 to upload the files to storage programmatically.
•Having Experience in using GitLab as a DevOps lifecycle tool and Jenkins as CI/CD pipeline.
•Involved in integrating application with Swagger to generate the API documentation.
•Good experience in developing test cases with JUnit, React Test Library for Unit testing, and logging using Log4j
achieving a code coverage of 85% and minimizing post-deployment issues.
Tools: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, ReactJS, REDUX, TypeScript, Node.js, Express.js AWS S3,SNS, EC2, Tailwind, Responsive Web Design, AXIOS, JSON, XML, Visual Studio Code, Mocha, Chai, React test library, yarn, chrome developer tools, Agile and Windows, Jenkins.

Client: Skillsoft Feb 2021 - Jul 2022
Software Engineer II
Leveraged Agile Methodologies (Scrum) to manage full life-cycle development of the project.
•Participated in the application's GUI design and used JavaScript ES6 to provide input validations.
•Designed and put into place a notification system that is incredibly scalable, allowing for smooth communication over all channels. decreased the response time for customer care by 40% and raised customer engagement in an 8-developer team by 25%. created email templates compatible with all email clients.
•Utilized ReactJS, REDUX, GraphQL, node (microservices architecture), and template language EJS.
•Worked through cross-browser compatibility issues with layout and styles for all new CSS that was implemented.
•Programmed Node.js as a proxy to interact with RESTful services.
•Built enhancements to existing CSS and DIV tags, made upgrades using the Bootstrap model, and tested Ajax calls using RESTful Web Services.
•Experienced in writing Unit test cases using Jasmine, enzyme(react), react test library, and responsive web design and web accessibility.
•Built Swagger UI for testing the API’s. Followed test-driven development practice to write efficient and error-free code.
•Used AWS SNS to send notification emails after exporting generated Reports S3.
•Exposed to continuous Integration and continuous Delivery (CI/CD) tools such as Jenkins.
•Involved in Confidential backlog grooming with other teammates and assigned story points based on the acceptance criteria.
Tools: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Node.js, CLI, Node.JS, ReactJS, REDUX, Express.js, EJS, GraphQL, Responsive Web Design, AJAX, jQuery, JSON, XML, Visual Studio Code, Jasmine, Karma, yarn, chrome developer tools, Agile and Windows
Client: BT Group Jun 2018 - Jan 2021
Associate Software Engineer
Created CRM applications facilitating a seamless experience for UK residents to enjoy the telecommunication services offered by BT.
Migrated Angular JS application to Angular 7 using Angular Material and gained enough knowledge on Angular. Developed and deployed applications in Microservices Architecture. Engaged in developing RESTful web services using Spring Boot supporting XML and JSON for communication between frontend and backend.
Involved with bug-fixing, performance, and designing issues with JavaScript, jQuery, HTML5, CSS3, and AngularJS.
Provided programming estimates, identified potential problems, and recommended alternative solutions.
Tools: Visual Studio Code, Oracle Database, Angular CLI, Eclipse, F12 Developer Tools, Putty, SVN, Web Logic, GitHub., Environment: Java/J2EE 8, Spring boot, Restful services, JDBC, PostgreSQL, CSS, HTML, JavaScript, SQL, Spring JPA, JSON, Log4j, SVN, Maven, JUnit, Postman, Jenkins, GitHub, Spring Web Flux, Kubernetes.
Contact this candidate