CAREER SUMMARY
PROJECTS
EDUCATION
Dinajpur Polytechnic Institute
Diploma in Civil Engineering(2019-2023)
Complete Web Development Course
(6 months)
SKILLS
HARUN TAHID
Frontend Developer
+880********** ad8f84@r.postjobfree.com Dinajpur, Bangladesh Github LinkedIn Protfolio
Passionate Frontend Developer eager to create user-friendly websites and continually learn new skills. Known for writing clean, efficient code and bringing fresh, creative ideas to development projects. Committed to delivering exceptional user experiences.
-Need-Blood
Online Blood Donation Platform
Quickly matches donors with patients, reducing search time in emergencies and improving the chances of finding compatible donors.
Identifies local donors to minimize transportation delays, ensuring timely transfusions and increasing survival rates.
Allows everyone to donate and support the fund, ensuring sustainable financial resources for ongoing operations and emergency needs.
Technologies: React.js, Tanstack Query, Axios, Firebase, Swiper, Node.js, Express js, MongoDB, JWT Live Link Client-Side-Code Server-Side-Code
-Vix-Art-Studio
Art Selling Platform
Offering exclusive, handmade items that cannot be found in mass-market stores attracts customers seeking unique and personalized gifts.
Featuring customer reviews and testimonials helps build trust and credibility, providing potential buyers with authentic feedback on the quality and satisfaction of previous purchases. Allowing customers to place custom orders for personalized items ensures they get unique, tailor-made products that meet their needs and preferences, enhancing their experience. Technologies: React.js, Tailwind CSS,Express.js, MongoDB, Git, Firebase (authentication) Live Link Client-Side-Code Server-Side-Code
-CareerHunt
Online Job Finding Platform
Provide a platform for users to search and apply for various job types such as on-site, remote, hybrid, and part-time jobs.
Allow users to post job listings with detailed information, making it easier for job seekers to find suitable positions.
It features a system for job seekers to save and track their job applications, helping them stay organized and follow up efficiently.
Technologies: React.js, Tanstack Query, Axios, Firebase, Swiper, Node.js, Express js, MongoDB, JWT Live Link Client-Side-Code Server-Side-Code
Technical Skills: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, jQuery, Tailwind CSS, ReactJS, Nodejs, Expressjs, MongoDB, Firebase, GitHub.
Soft skills: Hard working, Quick learner, Adaptability, Teamwork.
Contact this candidate