Sokuen Ryan
Frontend React Developer
www.linkedin.com/in/sokuenryan 917-***-**** ad8po6@r.postjobfree.com US Citizen New York, NY
Career Summary
I’m a Frontend React.js Developer with a Full Stack background from Bottega University. My soft skills include public speaking, customer service, and project leading through fundraisers. Stacktack is a personal app I created for myself. I am currently gaining team experience through Chingu. GitHub Link: https://github.com/sokuenryan
StackTack Link: https://stacktack.netlify.app/
Experience
Chingu: New York, NY - August 2024 - Present
● Collaborate with global, remote teams to build and deploy web applications using React, JavaScript, HTML, and CSS as part of Chingu's project-based learning programs.
● Initiate front-end skills by developing, debugging, and optimizing applications, while contributing to a professional codebase.
● Utilize Git/GitHub for version control, code reviews, and Agile workflows, participating in daily stand-ups, sprint planning, and retrospectives.
StackTack App: New York, NY - March 2024 - Present
● Created the template structure and logos/favicons using wireframes on Figma and Canva.
● Using the design blueprint from Figma I organized and set up my React.js component file structure.
● Innovated on the fly, adding new features like the "contributions" tab, and for the user to input the week the bill was due, not just the date.
● Learned how to use Firebase utilizing their SDK and built secure login and register pages using Auth0.
ChampionsXChange - New York, NY September 2023 - December 2023
● Conceptualized and developed a comprehensive e-commerce platform plan, including an online thrift store section for charitable initiatives.
● Designed and prototyped frontend and backend components, showcasing feasibility and innovative strategies.
● Positioned the platform strategically to attract partners and investors with unique features and community-focused initiatives.
.
Technical Skills Bottega University ‘23
Frontend: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React.js,
Frontend Tools: Storybook, Enzyme, Jest, VS Code, CodePen, Vite, Backend: Python, Flask, SQLite, Node.js JSON, AJAX, CRUD, OOP, REST API's, HTTP Methods, Backend Tools: PostMan, MySQL Workbench
UI/UX design: Flow Charts, Wireframes. Use Case Diagrams, Color Pallets
Contact this candidate