LAINE Grace-Endy
Frontend Developer Teacher
A highly motivated, dynamic, and confident man dedicated to leveraging professional skills for contributing to sustainable development. Demonstrates adaptability to new situations and roles with ease, showcasing a flexible and innovative approach. Utilizes creativity to connect concepts and ideas, fostering the ability to generate novel solutions. He excels in using his technical prowess to drive positive change.
September 2023 – January 2024 Frontend & Mobile
developer Needpam (Full time)
- Contributed as a dynamic Mobile and Frontend Developer for an e-commerce and delivery platform, responsible for crafting seamless mobile applications and websites. Leveraged technologies including React Native, TypeScript, and GraphQL API to enhance user experiences. Adhered to the Material Design style guide, ensuring a cohesive and visually appealing interface. Collaborated with cross-functional teams through Trello and Slack, to implement innovative features, optimize performance, and elevate the overall functionality of both mobile and web platforms.
May 2022 – August 2023 Front-end Developer
Pioneering Programmers (Remote - Texas)
- As a Full-Stack Developer, focused on Front-end development, utilized technologies such as Javascript (React.js), Typescript, vanilla-extract CSS, Figma, Adobe XD, Azure DevOps Services, Bitbucket, Playwright, and Jira for project management.
- Produced detailed work reports, assessed situations, proposed solutions, and collaborated effectively to deliver high-quality products.
October 2021 – March 2022 Software Developer(Full time) Freelancer
- I undertook diverse short-term projects within freelancing teams, notably led a successful Electron.js and React.js initiative to develop a compact cross-platform desktop software, encompassing coding, testing, and reporting on progress. Proactively proposed solutions, assessed situations, and identified and resolved challenges. I also used React, React Native, and TypeScript to deliver high-quality solutions.
- August 2020 – March 2021 Web Developer Hyathi Technologies (Part Time)
Identified and communicated technical issues, implementing effective solutions. Developed websites using React.js, Node.js
(Express), Material UI, Core Javascript, and Redux. Created comprehensive documentation, including developer, user, and operations guides.
Note: The experiences mentioned above represent a selection of my professional endeavors. I have additional expertise and accomplishments that contribute to a comprehensive and versatile skill set. RECENT EXPERIENCES
Initial Studies
2015 – 2020 Civil Engineering
• American University of the Caribbean
2016 – 2020 Computer Literacy
• Alliance Informatique
• Codepath
• University of Leeds (Online classes)
2008 – 2014 High School Studies
• CEPEB
Continuing Education
• September 2023 – Data science CITE
• 2019 - 2021 – GraphQI, React.Js, Next.js,
Typescript, Kotlin, Tailwind, Linux Server, S3,
Docker CRS
• 2018 – Java, Java android, XML, Material Ui,
Testing basics, CI/CD CodePath
• 2017 – Express, MongoDB, Firebase - Udemy,
Coursera, Codecademy Unitera
• 2015 - 2016 – PHP, Codeigniter, Laravel,
Jquery, Wordpress, Figma, Adobe XD Online
Classes
FORMATION
ReactJS, RN, CSS
Vanilla JS/ Typescript
Scrum/Argile/Khaban
Rest/GraphQL API
NodeJS/Express
JIRA/Trello/Monday/Azure
UI/UX/QA
CI/CD & Testing
C#/Kotlin/Java/Python
COMPETENCES & LANGUAGES
English
French
Spanish
Haitian Creole
+1-239-***-****
ad8scw@r.postjobfree.com
Lehigh Acres, FL - United States
Contact this candidate