PERSONAL INFORMATION Charles Omayuku
OBJECTIVE
Lagos,(Nigeria)
+234 818-*******
adavng@r.postjobfree.com
A resourceful software engineer with fundamental experience building web and mobile apps in Javascript/Node.js. Looking for the opportunity to build relationships and work with exciting state-of- the-art technologies. Open to correction and eager to learn. Good verbal/written communication skills in English. Team player with ability to work on own initiative. TECHNOLOGICAL SKILLS
HTML, JavaScript, Node.js, Git, ES2015+, React, React Native, Redux, CSS3, MongoDB, NPM, Webpack, SASS, LESS
EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE
Oct 2019–Present Senior Front-end Engineer
Great Brands Nigeria Limited
Principal front-end engineer in charge of building and maintaining the robust internal inventory optimization and automation software for the FMCG distribution processes. Using technologies such as ReactJs and Redux for state management.
Jan 2018–Sept 2019 Full Stack Developer
Co-Creation Hub Nigeria
I built the Nimcure patient and caregiver mobile apps, which is a medical intervention solution for tuberculosis patients helping them to take their medication and be observed by their caregivers remotely. Patients record a video of them taking their medication and this is sent to their caregivers in real time for observation and approval. Other details like doctor's appointments, medical tests and treatment history of patients are shown in the apps. I built this with React Native.
Developed production and beta websites using HTML/CSS and Javascript
Built APIs using Node/ExpressJs
Developed web and mobile apps from UI mock-ups
Ensure software is well tested
Updated and maintained existing software programs Dec 2016–Jan 2018 Freelance Full Stack Web Developer Freelancer.com
Collaborated with designers to create clean interfaces and simple, intuitive interactions and experiences
Delivered software solutions consistent with the product roadmap
Advised customers regarding maintenance of diverse software systems
Built Full Stack applications
Ensure software is well tested
Dec 2014–Nov 2017 Co-founder and Technical Product manager ConfessionNigeria.com
Developed product roadmap
Developed social media strategy that made the product gain traction
Built the front-end and UI/UX for the product
2008–2012 Bachelor of Science,Geology
University of Port Harcourt, Port Harcourt (Nigeria) ADDITIONAL CAPABILITIES
Demonstrated leadership skills and the ability to work independently and in a team environment
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Strong desire and aptitude to learn new technologies First language English
Contact this candidate