…Continued…
Tauseef Ahmed Saeed
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
www.linkedin.com/in/tasaeed/ • +971-**-***-**** • adb4ef@r.postjobfree.com Senior Front-End Engineer / Architect / Developer
A vibrant technical career with 15+ years’ experience in developing component-driven, high performing, scalable Web Applications and user interfaces for maximum user engagement. Resourceful, innovative, and technically sophisticated professional with solid history of effective front-end development. Proven expertise in transforming legacy websites to cutting-edge React isomorphic applications. Skilled in writing high performance, reusable, modular code for UI components that work across multiple devices, such as mobile, tablet, smart TV, and Set-Top Box (STB). Excellent project manager, capable of working with cross- functional teams to motivate and drive high quality and on-time, within budget delivery. E-Commerce Usability Web Development User Interface Design User Experience Design SEO, SEM, SMO Responsive Web Design Cross-Functional Agile Teams Cross-Browser Capability Isomorphic Application Reusable Components React / Redux Cloud Architecture TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES
Tools: React JS, Redux, mobx.js, Styled Component, Server-side Rendering, HTML5, JS, ES6, CSS, CSS- in-JS, CSS Pre-processors, SASS, LESS, Story Book, Node.js, Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes, Ingress-nginx, Serverless, Lambda, Lamda@edge, RESTful APIs, jQuery, Responsive / Adaptive Design, JavaScript, Git, Gulp, WordPress, Drupal, Webpack PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Front-End Solution Architect (6/2018 – Present) Seera (FKA Al Tayyar Travel Group), Dubai, U.A.E. Develop new system to replace problematic legacy monolithic front-end application serving two brands, Tajawal.com and Almosafer.com, that combined Home Page, Flights, Hotels, Packages, My Accounts, and Payments managed by individual teams. Addressed problems such as scalability, delays caused by one team because of single Codebase, inconsistent Design and business logic issues, downtime caused by individual team mistakes, slow system response, and duplication of effort. Solved by implementing Micro Frontend architecture featuring containers (Docker and Kubernetes), shared components between teams using npm packages, UI Tool Kit for consistent design, and a Business SDK for consistent logic.
§ Solved problems by transforming legacy monolithic applications to Micro Frontend Architecture so every self-contained application team (Flights, Hotels, Payments, Packages, My Account, etc.) can grow and scale independently.
§ As a result of technical developments, produced less downtime and higher engagement from users, increasing Web Bookings conversion rate by up to 35%.
§ Gained ability to serve 3 times more traffic compared to prior system, system now has virtually no limit because new container-based architecture in AWS cloud can scale to any limit.
§ Online division achieved record revenue, approaching 2 billion SAR in current year.
§ Bookings per minute increased from 3 to 5 and features delivery became 70% faster.
§ Achieved consistent implementation of brand guidelines and user experience via UI Toolkit. Senior Front-End Engineer (11/2017 – 5/2018) dubizzle (an OLX company), Dubai, U.A.E. Selected, installed, and tested user interface elements of multiple website projects, including dubizzle.com end user front end and property agents CRM. Focused on look and feel of the site along with its functionality. Developed and implemented cutting-edge, appealing visual elements aimed at garnering user attention.
§ Developed proven expertise in HTML CSS, JS, React, Node.js, and source and version control.
§ Revitalized Property Agents Dashboard using React / Redux-based performance application with CI / CD Pipeline and 70% Unit Test coverage.
Tauseef Ahmed Saeed
Page 2
§ Initiated component library in conjunction with UX team to allow consistent and easy to maintain UI and functional components across all projects.
§ Initiated Front-End Starter Kit similar to CRA to eliminate repetition on new projects and common elements and reduce setup time to minutes for any new product.
§ Promoted usability best practices and managed automated testing and back-end code and database integration.
§ Refactored existing code to optimize readability and performance and drive all aspects of the full software development lifecycle working with Agile methodology. Senior Front-End Engineer (9/2014 – 10/2017) Intigral, Studio City, Dubai, U.A.E. Key participant in both front- and back-end development for leading provider of IP video products and billing services in MENA region, writing code to balance meeting requirements while being modular and reusable when appropriate. Provided expertise in HTML, JS, and CSS. Partnered with product managers, UX designers, and engineers in implementing innovative solutions to address layout and styling issues across multiple browsers and new product features.
§ Translated UI / UX design wireframes to actual code producing visual elements of application, effectively bridging gap between design and technical implementation.
§ Applied Web standards (W3C) and best practices for HTML, CSS, and JavaScript (Angular, jQuery) and drove Responsive / Adaptive Design solutions.
§ Produced angular directive, allowing users to scroll through thousands of VOD items with 60 FPS rate on a low-end device.
§ Coded responsive TV guide, allowing users to handle large amounts of Data (100s of TV Channels and 24 hrs. EPG) increasing ease of use for end users.
§ Successfully delivered multiple projects, including Rocket TV, an IPV / OTT for broadcasters, content owners, and Telcos.
§ Optimized DawriPlus, a leading sports platform for delivering live match screening and creating unique fan engagements, increasing website load time by up to 40% and FMP reduction of 100%. Front-End Developer (9/2013 – 8/2014) KGH, Inc., Dubai, U.A.E. Ensured the alignment of web design and user experience requirements for various website projects, optimized web pages for maximum efficiency, and maintained brand consistency across all web pages. Worked in teams alongside Back-End Developers, Graphic Designers, and User Experience Designers to ensure all elements of web creation are consistent. Developed features to enhance user experience, striking a balance between functional and aesthetic design. Translated UI / UX design wireframes to actual code producing visual elements of application, effectively bridging gap between design and technical implementation. Web Designer / Front-End Developer (8/2006 – 7/2013) Rewaj Tech, Karachi, Pakistan Focused on structure and function of websites, ensuring attractive appearance, designing interactive websites such as blogs, business websites, e-commerce stores, Content Management Systems, or full-fledged portals. Worked with user experience team in order to revise websites to make them user-friendly. Engaged with clients and identified their website needs. Designed cross-browser, device independent, SEO-optimized websites that load faster in user browser without compromising any feature.

Additional experience as Web Developer / Front-End Engineer working on multiple projects (2002-2006). EDUCATION AND TRAINING
Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com.), Commerce
University of Karachi, Karachi, Pakistan
Contact this candidate