Nayak A
815-***-****

adckuy@r.postjobfree.com Fullstack Developer/React JS Developer

Professional Summary:
Have 5+ years of IT experience which comprises 3+ years of Extensive experience as a Fullstack Developer.
Have ample experience in developing web pages using HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, XML, DHTML, JavaScript, Springboot, ReactJS, JQuery, JSON, NodeJs, Ajax Redux, Flex, SASS, LESS, JQUERY Bootstrap.
Extensive knowledge in developing single-page applications (SPAs) using React Js.
Working knowledge of Web protocols and standards (HTTP HTML5/XHTML/XHTML-MP, CSS3, Web Forms, XML, XML parsers).
Created User Interfaces for Mobile/Tablet/Desktop using HTML5 & CSS3.
Experience in working on API layer developing Microservices using Springboot, expressJs, GraphQL.
Expertise in implementing easy to use Bootstrap plugins for building carousel, accordion, modal windows etc.
Expertise in analyzing the Document Object Model (DOM) Layout, DOM Functions, and Java Script functions, Cascading Styles across cross-browser using Fire Bug, Developer Tool Bar.
Expertise in React JS and working with React Flux architecture.
Experienced in working with redux architecture using complex Object-Oriented concepts in improving the performance of the websites.
Experience in using ReactJS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Redux, Animations and Flux concept.
Pleasant Experience in ReactJs for creating interactive UI's using One-way data flow, Virtual DOM, JSX, React Native concepts.
Familiar with creating Custom Reusable React Components Library.
Experienced in working with Node.JS and NPM modules like http-server, Marathon, inquirer, path, mongo DB, Micro Services, Request, Elastic Search, express, luck, spark and templating engines.
Experience in Node environment using Node.js, NPM, Grunt, Gulp and Groovy Bower.
Strong in using the Node.js, and Require.js and MVC Frameworks in the development of the web application
Expertise in implementing the MVC architecture in backend applications using JAVA along with spring, Servlets.
Expertise in writing SQL, PL/SQL, Stored Procedures, Cursors, Triggers with Oracle 9i/10g, MySQL,Postgre SQL, MongoDB, DB2, Blob storage and MS-SQL Server.
Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, RESTful Web Services using AJAX, JSON.
Expertise in video coding by using HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript.
Expertise in RESTful, SOAP web services to integrate between Applications to Application.
Experience with front-end development with back-end system integration.
Proficient in using Unit.js testing framework along with Jasmine, Karma, Protractor, Mocha test runners.
Pleasant Experience in Bug tracking tools like JIRA, HP Quality Center and Bugzilla.
Expertise in using IDE tools such as Notepad ++, Web Matrix, Eclipse, Sublime Text Editor, Intell IJ IDEA, and Web Storm.
Knowledge of utilizing cloud technologies including Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure Blob and Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF).
Experience in Version Control tools like CVS, GIT, SVN and Clear-Case for Source Code version management.
Experience in Jenkins and Maven.
Experience in all phase of SDLC like Requirement Analysis, Implementation, Maintenance, and extensive experience with Agile and SCRUM.
Excellent communication and Inter-Personal Skills, well organized, goal oriented.

Technical Skills:
Web Technologies
HTML, HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery, WordPress, JSON, Twitter Bootstrap, Java, ReactJS, Redux,Flex,ES6, Express JS, Node.js, GitHub,
Development tools
Eclipse, Web Matrix, Web Strom, Bonita, Sublime, Dreamweaver, and Notepad++.
Debugging tools
Firebug, Bugzilla, Chrome Developer Tools, Intell IJ.
Frameworks
Springboot, React JS, Redux, Flex Node JS.
Servers
IBM Web Sphere, Apache Tomcat, BEA WebLogic 8.1, J Boss, HTTP Web Server.
Platforms
Windows 95/98/NT/2000/XP/Vista, Sun Solaris 9/10, IBM-AIX 5.2/5.3, Linux 5/6.
Methodologies:
Agile, Rational Unified Process (RUP), UML Water fall
Database
MONGO DB, PostgreSQL, Spunk data storage (Big data), Oracle 8i, 9i, 10g, SQL Server 2000, 2005 & 2008, IIS 6.0/7.0
Frond End Tools
CorelDraw, Dreamweaver, Adobe Photoshop CS5, Illustrator
Testing Tools and Logging Frame Works
Junit3.8/4.0, Load runner, Jasmine, Selenium, T-probe, Easy Mock
Programming Languages
C, C++, JAVA, MySQL, C#, VB.Net, ASP.Net, web Services.
Cloud
AWS

Professional Experience:

Client: Intuitive Surgical, Sunnyvale, CA Oct 2016 –till date
Fullstack Developer

Intuitive Surgical, is a medical device manufacturing company. The IT Department is involved in developing the software required to support the business of the company. Have worked with the web development teams which specializes in web and mobile applications. I worked on the OR Assist App. This is designed to assist Surgeons in resolving Errors in Robots during robotic Surgery, Sensors and advanced software to help automate much of the setup and treatment management.

Responsibilities:

Involved in designing web pages using HTML 5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, SASS, ReactJS, Redux, Flux, Node JS
Developed real time tracking of class schedules using Node JS (socket.io based on socket technology, Express JS framework).
Worked closely with UX designer and other developer to build applications and reach business goals through front end development
Use Node Package Manager (NPM) to manage the modules and used it to install useful tools such as Grunt, Express
Designed and developed microservices using Springboot frameworks.
Work extensively on Reactjs, Bootstrap, HTML5, and css3, and Media queries for responsiveness
Created the JWT token-based authentication mechanism and had managed it front end.
Repeatedly worked on AWS Cloud platform and its features which include EC2, VPC, AMI, RDS, SES, S3, Route 53, IAM, LDAP, Cloud Formation, Cloud Front, and Cloud Watch. Extensively work on Jenkins and Hudson by installing, configuring and maintaining for the purpose of continuous integration (CI) and for End to End automation for all build and deployments.
Responsible for implementing and integrating third party React Libraries for UI.
Using GraphQL for the generating REST endpoints that can be consumed by a client application (Android, iOS or Web application.)
Used react-router to navigate pages.
Configured redux store, reducers and actions. Used redux-thunk for handling middleware and web-services with RESTful API
Perform unit testing with Jest and used git for version controls.
Resolved Cross Browser Compatible issues for different versions of IE, Safari, Chrome, Firefox and Opera
Maintain, enhance, and recommend solutions that best suit for business and technology needs for UI standpoint
Responsible for managing AWS resources in cloud and maintain Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment pipeline for fast paced robust application development environment.
Used Node JS to run Web pack tasks and build properly the project.
Implemented modules into Node JS to integrate with designs and requirements
Used tools like Gulp and Webpack as task runners and orchestrators for the build process.
Experience in RESTful web services to integrate between Server side to Client Side
Worked with backend engineers to optimize existing API calls to create efficiencies by deprecating unneeded API calls.
Involved on AWS to integrate the server side and client-side code.
Worked Test Driven Development (TDD) using Karma and Jasmine

Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Springboot, ReactJS, Redux, GraphQL, NPM, RESTful web services, GIT, Bootstrap, Javascript and Visual Studio Code Editor, Jenkins, Clear case.

Client: First Technology Credit Union, Sunnyvale, CA Oct 2015 –May 2016
UI Developer/React JS Developer

First Technology Credit Union is one of the local banks. It’s a Credit Union with more than 25 branches serving the local community. The IT Support team in Sunnyvale is responsible for all the online application and products.

Responsibilities:

Worked to deliver regular updates to business team and project managers through an Agile (Scrum) Development Team.
Involved in designing the webpages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, SASS, LESS, React.js, Redux, Flex, and Mongo DB.
Responsible to Style, look and feel of the webpage with SASS that extends CSS with dynamic behavior such as variable, mixing, operations and functions.
Researching JavaScript based frameworks like React Native and Ionic/Cordova for frontend.
Worked on React JS Virtual Dom and React views, rendering using components which contains additional components called custom HTML tags.
Implemented various screens for the frontend using ReactJs and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and redux library.
Worked in using ReactJS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations, and Flux concept.
Responsible for ReactJS and architecture. Building components library, including Tree, Slide-View, and Table Grid.
Implemented stable React components and stand-alone functions to be added to any future pages.
Used React JS for templating for faster compilation and developing reusable components.
Used React-Autocomplete for creating Google maps location search on the webpage.
Configured Web pack to execute linters, magnifiers, pre/post-processors, tests, transpires, etc. based on build target.
Utilized React for its efficient data flow architecture to create a lightweight and render efficient web app that searched projects via the GitHub API through keywords.
Implemented React container and presentational components (as Stateless and Functional components when applicable).
Added Excel-Builder to download the Tabular data in Excel format using React.
Implemented flux pattern by using redux framework as a core dependency.
Experience in RESTful web services to integrate between Server sides to Client Side.
Involved in complete SDLC – Requirement Analysis, Development, System and Integration Testing.

Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, SASS, LESS, Java Script, React JS, Redux, Flex, Web Strom, JSP, HP Quality Center, Jasmine, GitHub, and Jenkins.

Client: Innovative Retail Concepts Limited, Pune, India May 2014- April 2015
Frontend Developer

Innovative Retail Concepts (BigBasket) operates an Online Grocery Delivery Platform under the brand name BigBasket.com. The company ties up with local suppliers and serves many major cities in India. I worked in the checkout api development, the front end for the wholesale modules and the retails store.

Responsibilities:

Communicate with the client to understand the requirement of the website, gained experience in project planning, involved in writing the Project Design Document and Project Plan Document.
Created and optimized graphic prototype websites and applications interfaces using HTML and CSS.
Involved in write application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML
Implemented user interface guidelines and standards throughout the development and maintenance of the website using JavaScript, JQuery, CSS and HTML.
Implemented and designed user interface for web-based customer application.
Developed restful webservices in Spring Framework.
Used ORM to connect with MySQL Database.
Developed customer facing software for managing advertisements to grow the business using Backbone.js, JavaScript/jQuery, HTML and CSS.
Developed data formatted web applications and deploy the script using client-side scripting using JavaScript.
Used Object Oriented Programming concepts to develop UI components that could be reused across the Web Application.
Responsible for experimenting with new frameworks and libraries to make decision either should be used in the product/project or not.
Created Responsive Designs (Mobile/Tablet/Desktop) using HTML & CSS, Bootstrap.
Maintained 24/7 high volume availability using open source tools such as Linux, Apache, and MySQL.
Extensively used GIT for version controlling and regularly pushed the code to GitHub.
Interacted with Testing Team, Scrum Masters and Business Analysts for fixing of Issues
Interacted with Customers and development teams for Fix the Issues.
Performed the System Testing, Regression Testing for Complete UI after fixing the Issues which are reported by Testing Team.
Worked on Cross-Browser compatibility and fixed the bugs for several browsers.

Environment: HTML, CSS3, Spring, JavaScript, JQUERY, Backbone JS AJAX, JSON, XML, ECLIPSE, GIT, MVC, Linux, Apache and MySQL.

Education:
Visvesvaraya Technological University, Belgaum, India – Bachelor’s Degree, Information Technology May 2015

NorthWestern Polytechnic University, Fremont, CA - Masters in Computer Science. Sept 2016
Contact this candidate