/
FULL STACK WEB DEVELOPER
ALEJANDRO E. RODRIGUEZ LA ROSA
Summary
Full stack Web Developer working with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to create more accessible and more responsive web pages. Passionate creator building web applications using React, implementing and documenting REST API's using Node.js and Express.js. Always looking to write much more source code. Employment
Connect Our Kids Remote
React Native Developer Internship Feb. 2020 to Apr. 2020 Documentation and implementation of features for the mobile version of Connect Our Kids.
Provide unit testing to the created features in the mobile app. Styling existing components in the mobile app version. Projects
Post Here: The Subreddit Predictor Jan. 2020 to Feb. 2020 Post Here helps you ﬁnd the best place to share on Reddit. Technologies: React.js Node.js/Express.js Reactstrap Worked on the backend, built and documented our API. Provided guidance to our front end engineers on how to communicate with our API.
Tested end points with Postman.
Back-end Github repo: https://github.com/BuildWeek-PostHere/back-end Connect Our Kids Feb. 2020 to Apr. 2020
React-based web app that allows social workers to search for, compile, and access contact information of extended family members. Technologies: React-Native React Styled Components Redux Jest Worked on the implementation of the photo picker for the Connect Our Kids mobile app.
Applied unit testing to existent components in the mobile version. Provided documentation of the photo picker for the mobile version of the app.
Supported the document upload features in the mobil version of the app. Mobil App Github repo: https://github.com/connect-our-kids/mobile-app Airbnb Price Optimization Dec. 2019 to Jan. 2020
Application that takes your listings size, location, amenities and market value into account to generate an optimal price for your unit. Technologies: React.js Bootstrap Formik
Served as a React.js engineer in charge of managing our applications state. Implemented the app registration and login form with authorization. Provided guidence to two of our React engineers.
Front-end Github repo: https://github.com/bw-ft-airbnb-1/front-end Contact
adel6z@r.postjobfree.com
434-***-****
alejandro-e-rodriguez/
imxande

Greensboro, NC

Skills
JavaScript
React.js
HTML
CSS
Node.js
Express.js
Redux
Education
Lambda School Sept. 2019 to Current
Remote
Full Stack Web Developer track
building projects with HTML, CSS,
JavaScript, React for the front end
porsion. Using SQL, Knex, Node,
Express for the back end portion.
Learning Data Structures and solving
Algorithms.
Liberty University Aug. 2013 to May 2016
Completed 64 credits towards B.S
Computer Engineer.
Awards
William Fleming ·
Spanish Honor Society
Jan. 2013
Sponsored by the American
Association of Teachers of Spanish
and Portuguese for language
excellence.
Archie L. Freeman, III · Honor Diploma May 2013
Earned by exceeding the standards
required for graduation.
Contact this candidate