WENXUAN WANG
Gainesville, FL ***** E-mail: adgwui@r.postjobfree.com Tel.: +1-352-***-****
OBJECTIVE
To obtain a FULL-time position as a software engineer EDUCATION BACKGROUND
Ø Master of Engineering in Electrical and Computer Engineering 05/2021 GPA 4.0/4.0 University of Florida, Gainesville, Florida, USA Related Coursework: Advanced Data Structure, Pattern Recognition and Intelligent System, Cross Layer System Security, Image Processing and Computer Version.
Ø Bachelor of Engineering in Communication Engineering 06/2019 GPA 3.34/5.0 Dalian Maritime University, Dalian, Liaoning, China SKILLS
Ø Programming languages: Java, Python, SQL, Matlab, PHP, Go, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, LESS/SASS Ø Tools and Framework: MySQL, AWS, React, Wireshark, GNU/Linux, VMware PROJECT EXPERIENCES
Ø FindCalling: A Personalized Job Recommendation Engine l Designed a job recommendation API and search system and used natural language processing and keyword capture. l Implemented front- end web UI design and implementation using HTML/CSS/JavaScript. l Performed RESTful APIs using Java servlets, retrieved job description using Github API and stored data in MySQL. l Explore multiple recommendation algorithms and extracted keywords from job descriptions to implement a Content-based algorithm
l Set the service to AWS EC2.
Ø Yournews: A Tinder-like News APP
l Designed the Instagram Flavor News app based on Google Component Architectural MVVM Pattern l Performed the bottom bar and page navigation function using JetPack navigation component. l Utilized third party CardStackView (RecycleView) to support swipe gestures for liking/disliking the news. l Built the Room Database with LiveData and ViewModel to support local cache and offline model. l Integrated Retrofit and LiveData to pull the latest news data from a RESTFUL endpoint(newsapi.org). Ø FaceLine: A Cloud and React based Social Network Frontend
l Designed and implemented a social network web application with React JS l Implemented features for users to create and browse posts and support search nearby posts. l Improved the authentication using token-based registration/login/logout flow with React Router v4 and server-side user- authentication with JWT.
Backend
l Launched a scalable web service in Go to handle posts and deployed to Google Cloud (Google App Engine) l Used ElasticSearch (deployed to GCE) to provide search functions such that users can search recent posts and list personal posts.
Ø SpaceVisual: React JS based Starlink Trajectory Visualization l Designed and developed a visualization dashboard using ReactJS and D3 to track satellites in real-time based on geo-location. l Built location, altitude, and duration-based selector to refine satellite search. l Animated selected satellite paths on a world map using D3 to improve the user friendness. l Deployed the dashboard to Amazon Web Service for demonstration. RESEARCH EXPERIENCES
Ø Co-inventor, NSFC General Program, Advisor: Dr. Baoshan Ma 4/17/2018 Patent: A method of DNA methylation prediction for selecting optimal features based on machine learning Patent No.: CN107918725A
l Searched the most related CpG loci based on machine learning algorithm, and established sets of the most related CpG loci using different models.
l l Found the number of the most related CpG loci and the type of algorithm in the optimized model. l l Improved searching efficiency and performance of prediction model. AWARDS
Ø Achievement Award Scholarship for three times, University of Florida 2019-2020 Ø Excellent Graduate, Dalian Maritime University 6/2019 Ø National Undergraduate Mathematical Contest in Modeling, 2nd Prize 10/2017
Contact this candidate