Résumé
[Niraj Prajapati]
Cell: +91-989*******
Email: adi32o@r.postjobfree.com
OBJECTIVE
My objective is to make a positive impact on clients, co-workers, and the Internet using my skills and experience to design compelling and attractive web sites with innovative technologies.
FUNCTIONAL SUMMARY
Dynamic creative, multimedia designer & developer.
Excel “Excellence” in illustration and graphic layout with strong attention to detail
& good knowledge.
Strong communication and presentations skills, including ability to communicate intangibles. Experienced and knowledgeable in working with people from diverse backgrounds and cultures.
A Web-save designer/flash designer, can combines creative ideas with his technical expertise in HTML, XTHML, HTML5, AJAX, DIV Tag, JavaScript, jQuery, W3C validation, flash, CSS, CSS3 and other tools. Have ability to lend a fresh and unique interface to Web sites makes him a valuable asset to the IT Solutions. TECHNICAL SKILLS
Operating Systems:
Window XP, 2000, Microsoft Office Suite.
Web Designing Software:
Photoshop7, CS, CS2+, CorelDraw 11,12 & 13, Dream weaver-MX, MX 2004, 8+, Illustrator10+, Image Ready, Flash, Flash Max Professional, Flash Studio 8, Flex 2.0.
Multimedia Software:
Photoshop7, CS, CS2+, Illustrator10+, Image Ready, Flash, and Flash Max Professional, Flash Studio 8, Flex 2.0.
CONSULTING SKILLS
Excellent communication skills with all levels of management and peers
Experience in creating Wireframes, Information Architectures, and Application Workflows
Problem solver and careful attention to detail and procedures
Patient and mature judgment, resulting in superior client relationships
Complete understanding of conceptual, technical, and production processes for the online industry
Strong project management and organization skills DESIGN SKILLS
Design within brand standards as well as develop Style Guides to streamline communications with cross-functional teams
Translate client’s business objectives into solid visual concepts
Design online applications by balancing usability and accessibility with timeless, user-centered design
Proficient in all industry-standard design tools AREA OF WORK
Website Designing
UI/UX Design and Development
Multimedia Design & Development
Graphics & Print Media
HTML Development
EDUCATION
H.S.C. with 2nd class from Gujarat Higher Education Secondary Board.
B.C.A. with A Grade from VIME College of Rajasthan.
M.C.A with A Grade from VIME College of Rajasthan. CERTIFICATIONS
1 Brain bench certified in Flash 2004 MX scored 3.03 out of 5 2 Brain bench certified in HTML 4.0 scored 2.79 out of 5. 3 Brain bench certified in Fireworks MX 2004 scored 3.05 out of 5. 4 DCA (Diploma in Computer Applications) & Multimedia from Shreyans Information Technology Center at Ghatlodia center Ahmedabad.
DESIGN & DEVELOPMENT PORTFOLIO
www.website4md.com
www.elitepbm.com
www.mghostingservices.com
www.bvallergy.com
www.pedscalifornia.com
nivanophysicians.com
www.drcatalyst.com
www.meditab.com
gurmuoccmed.com
www.honestabeapps.com
shoulder2knee.com
www.dolphinhealth.com
www.successhealthny.com
taxincentivesinpuertorico.com
drbata.org
www.inspirio.com
www.focusyourmoney.com.au
www.kxpilates.com.au
www.impact365.com
www.campnorthstarmaine.com
www.toronto121mortgage.com
www.newport-news.com
www.hydroderm.com
www.ezmodfurniture.com
www.beyondhollywood.com
www.suitecharlotte.com
www.lifetimefitness.com
RELEVENT PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Senior Associate in UI/UX & Frontend – MEDITAB SOFTWARE INC. Ahmedabad (March 2017 to till date)
Working as User Interface Designer / Front End Designer & Developer. Responsibility:
1. Translate requirements into concepts and user experience design. 2. Associate with Design Research to enhance design suggestions. 3. Manage design wireframes, mockups and navigation maps. 4. Imagine complex data sets in easily comprehendible ways. 5. Develop overall brand.
6. Extend brand to intuitive interactive model and user experience. 7. Develop clean well executed design concepts.
8. Coordinate with team on design and prototype of new interfaces. 9. Coordinate with UI Programmer to strategize and execute user interfaces. 10.Translate user requirements into usable interfaces aligning with business goals. 11.Clear screen mockups, prototypes and UI design specifications. 12.Develop interaction models and site navigation. 13.Perform UI client presentations at various project stages. 14.Coordinate with business and technology teams, business analysts and developers.
15.Own UI design phase of lifecycle and coordinate with product design and engineering teams.
Senior UI Designer – MEDUSIND Pvt. Ltd.
Ahmedabad (Feb 2016 to March 2017)
Working as User Interface Designer.
Responsibility:
1. Translate requirements into concepts and user experience design. 2. Associate with Design Research to enhance design suggestions. 3. Manage design wireframes, mockups and navigation maps. 4. Imagine complex data sets in easily comprehendible ways. 5. Develop overall brand.
6. Extend brand to intuitive interactive model and user experience. 7. Develop clean well executed design concepts.
8. Coordinate with team on design and prototype of new interfaces. 9. Coordinate with UI Programmer to strategize and execute user interfaces. 10.Translate user requirements into usable interfaces aligning with business goals. 11.Clear screen mockups, prototypes and UI design specifications. 12.Develop interaction models and site navigation. 13.Perform UI client presentations at various project stages. 14.Coordinate with business and technology teams, business analysts and developers.
15.Own UI design phase of lifecycle and coordinate with product design and engineering teams.
Independent Design Consultant
Ahmedabad (Sept 2009 to Feb 2016)
Designed and deployed marketing websites for various small- to medium-sized businesses.
Responsibility:
1. My primary responsibility is to the client: the organization that hired me and is paying me. The client's goals and wishes are the driving force behind any consulting project, and it is my responsibility to listen to and thoroughly understand those viewpoints. But there are also considerations beyond the scope of work as defined by the client.
2. Conducted presentations and meetings with clients to review design concepts. 3. Managed website development through all stages, including estimate creation, project scoping, contract negotiation, and delivery of final product. 4. Updated and maintained client websites on an ongoing basis Multimedia Designer & Developer – Gateway TechnoLabs Pvt. Ltd. S.G.Road, Ahmedabad (Jan 2009 – Sept 2009)
I have been working as a Multimedia Designer & Developer with Gateway Technolabs Pvt. Ltd.
Responsibility:
1. I am a creative and self-motivated team player, with a proven ability in compelling design and a passion for all things brand and interactive. 2. Strong typographic skills, attention to detail, a deep understanding of digital design and associated issues are essential.
Senior Graphics Designer – Meditab Software Inc.
Satellite, Ahmedabad (Feb 2007 – Dec 2008)
I have been working as a Team Leader in Graphics Team with Meditab Software Inc. Responsibility:
1. I am able to respond and develop ideas with teams - technically, creatively, and budget wise
2. Manage the craft and production of projects with creative teams 3. Identify best global production partners and have strong credible relationships with them
4. Identify new technical opportunities
5. Inspire individuals and agency to better and different work Multimedia Designer & Developer - Cyber Think InfoTech Pvt. Ltd S.G.Road, Ahmedabad (Jan 2006 – Feb 2007)
I have been working as a Multimedia Designer & Developer with cyber Think InfoTech Pvt. Ltd.
Responsibility:
1. I am a creative and self-motivated team player, with a proven ability in compelling design and a passion for all things brand and interactive. 2. Strong typographic skills, attention to detail, a deep understanding of digital design and associated issues are essential.
Sr. Web & Flash Designer – Hidden Brains InfoTech Pvt. Ltd C.G.Road, Ahmedabad (Jan 2005 – Dec 2005)
I have been working as a Senior Web & Flash designer with Hidden Brains InfoTech Pvt. Ltd.
Responsibility:
3. Work with clients to clarify business concept and develop branding. 4. Design numerous web sites from initial concept through full design and construction of html, CSS dream weaver templates & also flash animation and programming informed by current web standards.
PLACE OF INFORMATION
Full Name NIRAJ J PRAJAPATI
Address A/801, Samvaad Samanvay, Opp, Smavaad Sonnet Nr, Tragad Tunnel, Vaishnovi Devi to Zundal Circle Road, Tragad, Ahmedabad- 382421.
Gujarat, India
Date of Birth 18th July, 1986
Married status Married
Cell no +91-989*******
Email adi32o@r.postjobfree.com
Language known English, Gujarati, and Hindi.
I affirm that the information given in this above resume is true and correct…
Contact this candidate