ASHWINI AGRAWAL
UI, Frontend, Full Stack Developer
Please call me at / 469 - 564 - 0790 /

Summary of Qualifications:

Result-driven IT Professional with referable & strong experience in developing web-based User Interface (UI) to provide best User Experience (UX) with the help of HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, and well-experienced in developing responsive & cross browser compatible webpages.
Highly skilled on latest technologies and JavaScript frameworks like React, Bootstrap, Node.JS and Angular.
Strong experience in developing single page web applications using JavaScript framework React JS.
Good experience in breaking up layered PSD into HTML and CSS.
Proficient in using version control systems like GIT and SVN.
Effective in Requirement gathering, Analysis, Design, Coding, Code Reviews, Unit and Integration Testing.
Proficient in Frontend development & client handling.
Extensive experience in attending client calls, Provide the estimate of the effort required to complete a unit of design task to ensure the completion of a job within a given timeframe.
Dedicated and highly ambitious to achieve the organizational goals as well as personal goals.
Well versed with efficiently handling all activities and maintaining quality.
Strong problem-solving ability and analytical skills and able to integrate quickly into the team and work independently toward team goals.

Technical competencies:

Web Technologies: HTML5, CSS3
Frameworks: React.JS, Bootstrap, jQuery, LESS, SASS, Foundation, AngularJS, Angular
Databases: MySQL, MS SQL, JSON
Version Control: GIT, SVN, TFS
Programming/Scripting: JavaScript, Ajax, PHP, C, C++, Java
IDE’s: VS Code, Eclipse, Atom, Sublime, Notepad++
Operating Systems: Windows, Mac OS, Linux
Programing Principles: OOPS, Functional, Procedural

Professional Experience:

Client: Sprint - Overland Park, KS
Role: UI, Frontend Developer Feb 2020 - Present

Roles & Responsibilities:
Developed Responsive Web Pages using HTML, CSS3, React JS, Node.JS, Bootstrap and AJAX.
Upgraded the current Angular Application to React Application.
Extensively worked on React.JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations.
Used React.JS to create Controllers to handle events triggered by clients and send requests to the server.
Used React.JS to create responsive website.
Developed various screens for the front end using React.JS and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager).
Worked on React Virtual Dom and React Views, rendering using components which contains additional components called custom HTML tags.
Used React-Router to turn application into Single Page Application
Developed the React container and presentational components (as Stateless and Functional components when applicable).
Used GIT for source code versioning.

Client: Bed Bath & Beyond - Union, NJ Dec 2018 - Dec 2019
Role: UI Developer

Roles & Responsibilities:
Designing, developing and testing the web application by using the HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, React.js and Redux, Node.js and Express.
Designing the CSS templates for use in all pages on the website working with CSS Background, positioning, text, border, margin, padding, and table.
Worked on React.JS for creating interactive UI's using One-way data flow, Virtual DOM, JSX, React Native concepts.
Worked on React Component for UX-Library consisted of Button, Checkbox, Input, Icons, Toggle Button, Dropdown, Multi-Level Dropdown and many more.
Created Templates, Mock-ups and Prototypes, Web Interfaces, Layouts and Flow of Future Pages.
Used React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, plus Redux, Animations and Flux concept.
Worked on Redux architecture using complex Object-Oriented concepts in improving the performance of the websites
Created Custom Reusable React Components Library.
Used React-Autocomplete for creating google maps location search on the webpage.
Worked on Component for UX-Library consisted of Button, Checkbox, Input, Icons, Toggle Button, Dropdown, Multi-Level Dropdown and many more.
Created and used Reducers that received said Actions to modify the Store State Tree.
Maintained states in the stores and dispatched the actions using Redux.
Working with ECMA Script 6 features. For build of JSX and ES2015(ES6) used Babel, web pack.
Used Middleware, Redux-Promise in application to retrieve data from Back-End and to also perform RESTFUL services.
Added dynamic Functionality by creating and dispatching Action Creators that deployed Actions.
Worked with backend engineers to optimize existing API calls to create efficiencies by deprecating unneeded API calls.
Used Restful web services to call for POST, PUT, DELETE and GET methods.
Utilized React for its efficient data flow architecture to create a lightweight and render efficient web app that searched projects via the GitHub API through keywords.
Worked on AWS for fetch the pictures and Videos from AWS to UI
Used Object Oriented Programming concepts to develop UI components that could be reused across the Web Application.
Used GIT for version controlling and regularly pushed the code to GitHub.
Used HP Quality Center as the bug tracking system to track and maintain the history of bugs/issues on everyday basis.
Works with JASMINE unit test framework to write unit tests for JavaScript code.
Extensively used debugging tools such as Firebug and IE Dev tools to investigate the issues and fix the bugs.
Environment: HTML 5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, React.JS, Redux, React Native, Ajax, My SQL, XML, XSL, XSLT, JSON, GitHub, Java, J2EE, Spring Boot, Restful API, AWS, Mongo DB, HP Quality Center, Jasmine

Client: Kimberly Clark, Philippines / Cognizant Technology Solutions, India
Role: Technical Lead Feb 2016 - Sept 2016

Roles & Responsibilities:
Effectively involved in identifying and understanding client requirements
Managed and guided and a team of 5+ developers with best practices
Used React.JS to create responsive Design so that the website is compatible with different devices like Desktops, Laptops, Tablets and Smartphones.
Extensively worked on React.JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations.
Developed various screens for the frontend using React.JS.
Converted non-responsive sites to responsive.
Sliced HTML from PSDs.
Created custom CSS while using existing Bootstrap components and CSS

Accomplishments:
A go-to person for all the team members for issues related to React.JS and JavaScript.
Identified as React.JS and JavaScript Expert & Trainer for new joiners.

Client: EzCMSWeb, New York / Cybage Software Private Limited, India
Role: Software Engineer June 2015 - Feb 2016

Project scope here was to design & develop sites in a content management system, Ezpublish CMS and we successfully published 20+ websites. Ezpublish is an open source content management system in PHP that is used to develop custom websites for the travel and hospitality industry. The websites included liquid and responsive layout which supports smartphones and tablets.

Roles & Responsibilities:
Consumed APIs exposed by EzPublishCMS.
Developed real time graphical business reports using Angular
Developed the websites using Bootstrap, AngularJS, CSS & HTML
Developed modules that create statistical analysis reports
Used MVC pattern in AngularJS to create the websites.
Used TFS for source control

Client: Mashery Calypso - San Francisco, CA / Cybage Software Private Limited, India
Role: Frontend Developer Aug 2013 - June 2015

The Mashery connects service providers (people who create APIs & web services) and developers. Each service provider has a Mashery-powered Portal including a Wiki, Documentation, and other content to support the implementation of their service. They also can use Mashery to power their APIs and web services, including API Key issuance, management, and tracking. My focus was on developing the developer Portals.

Roles & Responsibilities:
Developed APIs in PHP for getting reporting data.
Developed real time graphical business reports using Angular
Developed Single Page Application using Bootstrap, Angular, CSS & HTML
Developed modules that create statistical analysis reports
Created custom angular components and directives to meet the application needs.
Used SVN for source control

Client: Digital River - Minnetonka, MN / Cybage Software Private Limited, India
Role: Frontend Developer
Project: Blue Hornet June 2012 - Aug 2013

Roles & Responsibilities:
Effectively involved in identifying and understanding the existing application
My key role was to upgrade the desktop website to Responsive website.
Developed new UI components using bootstrap and angular.
Developed the new UI using custom and in-built components.

Education:

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science Engineering (Graduated in 2012)
SB Jain institute of Technology Management & Research - Nagpur, India

References: Provided upon request…
Contact this candidate