Personal Information
Date of birth -** Jun, ****.
Gender – Male.
Nationality – Nigerian.
E-mail – adjvfa@r.postjobfree.com

I am an energetic and very creative young man, with great problem solving and implementation skills, either as a team player or an individual. I am a well composed individual who can always deliver in diverse environments. As I strive to find a challenging position to further develop my professional qualities through exemplary and timely delivery of quality services, while walking the path to self-advancement with my peers.

Education
2019
BSc, BABCOCK UNIVERSITY
Computer Science, Ilishan Remo, Ogun State
Ilishan Remo, Ogun State, Nigeria.
2011
Dee Unique International School
WEST AFRICA SECONDARY SCHOOL CERTIFICATE EXAMINATION
(W.A.S.S.C.E)
Ilishan Remo, Ogun State.
Member of the Jets club, and Computer club.
2005
Grace Day Nursery And Primary School
Ijebu Ode, Ogun State.

Work Experience
2019-10 – National Youth Service Corp (NYSC)
2020-10 Eti Osa III Local Government, Lekki, Lagos
Facilitated the digitalization of important documents and memos.
Gave back by participating in Technology oriented outreach seminars through the Community Development Service (CDS).
2020-01 – Community Associate
2020-03 Workcity Nigeria, Lekki, Lagos
Handled customer relations and event logistics.
Made vital suggestions and contributions towards the development of the organization.
2018-08 – Graphic Designer and Creative Director
Till Date Entrepreneur
Built, cultivated and managed a strong client base.
Engaged in productive discussions with clients, which led to the successful resolution of all client’s graphical needs.
Made important suggestions and contributions concerning successful branding and brand awareness.
2017-07 – Content Developer and Editor
2019-03 Dash Media Blog, Nigeria
Created and developed various engaging and captivating content for all audiences.
Fufilled editorial roles on various articles and interviews spanning a broad spectrum of topics
Administrative control and management of several social accounts across multiple social media platforms.
Organized Information aiding surveys and further analysed curated data to help make informed decisions on marketing strategies.
Valuable team contribution which led to WildClan Ent. “Blog of the Year” 2019 award.
2015-05 – Social Media Intern
2015-08 Niiyo E-commerce Nigeria, Isheri Magodo, Lagos State
Utilized best practices for SEO optimization to boost social media program's visibility.
Created informative and entertaining posts for client's Twitter, Facebook and Instagram pages.
Maximized strategic approaches by keeping close eye on performance and making appropriate adjustments.
Built, implemented and updated effective SEO strategies.
Produced and submitted weekly reports outlining progress against KPI objectives.
Collaborated with designers and editorial team on marketing materials.
Analyzed business developments and monitored market trends.
Reviewed and edited blog posts to guarantee high content quality.
Worked with communications team to drive internal promotion of company programs, initiatives, guiding principles and mission.
Technical Skills
Highly Proficient in Microsoft Office Enterprise
Strong foundation in IT troubleshooting & solving technical issues.
Front-End Web Development (HTML, CSS, JavaScript and React)
Skilled in Graphics Design (Photoshop, Illustrator & InDesign)
Maintaining, optimizing, troubleshooting, and improving websites
Implementation of apps and landing pages from concept through deployment
Soft Skills
Communication & Good Team Spirit
Decision Making & Leadership
Time Management & Organizational Skills
Active Learning
Problem Solving
Flexibility/Adaptability
Hobbies Languages
- Reading, writing and editorials English
- Innovating creative solution Yoruba
- Graphics Design
- Educating
Certifications Referees
NYSC Certificate of completion (2020) Available on request.
Bsc Computer Science (2019)
CompTIA A+ HARDWARE (2019)
CompTIA NETWORK + (2019)
Graphics Design and Process (2019)
Contact this candidate