Uday Kollu
Senior UI developer
Ph#: 609-***-**** adk3rd@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

Around 9 years of professional experience in IT Industry as a Front-End Developer in Developing User Interface (UI) applications, requirements analysis, applications design development, integration, maintenance, installation, Integrating, Implementing the web-based applications and UI applications.
Proficient in building Web User Interface (UI) using HTML5, JavaScript, Angular 8, jQuery, CSS3 and Bootstrap.
Deployed Angular web applications on OpenShift.
Created Google analytics tracking and A/B tests using GA content experiments.
Solid experience with Responsive Web Design (RWD).
Experience in building cross browser compatibility Single page applications (SPA) using HTML5 and CSS3.
Experience in developing web applications using MVC and REST architecture.
Experience in all phase of SDLC like Requirement Analysis, Implementation and Maintenance, and extensive experience with Agile Methodology.
Experienced in MEAN stack development Mongo dB, Express, Node, and Angular.
Experience in all phase of SDLC like Requirement Analysis, Implementation and Maintenance, and extensive experience with Agile and SCRUM.
Extensive knowledge in developing single - page applications (SPAs).
Experience in implementing AWS solutions using EC2, S3, RDS, EBS, Elastic Load balancer, Auto-scaling groups.
Working knowledge of Web protocols and standards (HTTP HTML5/XHTML/XHTML-MP, CSS3, Web Forms, XML, XML parsers)
Good experience on customizing CSS frameworks like Bootstrap and Foundation using CSS pre-processors LESS or SASS and Compass.
Extensive experience in designing professional UI web applications using front-end technologies like HTML5, DHTML, CSS3, JavaScript, XML, AJAX, JSON, Angular JS 2/4/5/6/8, Node JS, React JS, XHTML, EcmaScript6 (ES6), jQuery, AXURE RP, SKETCH, INVISION, DOM, JSON, Bootstrap, Backbone.js, Knockout.js, underscore.js, React Native.
Strong experience in working on user interface applications and professional web applications using HTML, Bootstrap, Node JS, React JS, Vue JS, Backbone JS.
Experience in scripting languages like Angular JS, React JS, Vue JS and Node JS.
Developed good responsive design approach modules by using Node.js.
Experience in building Single Page Application (SPA) using Model View Controller (MVC) framework such as AngularJS.
Designed dynamic client-side JavaScript codes to build web forms and simulate process for a web application, page navigation using Angular 6.
Experience with Angular CLI designing and implementing AngularJS APIs, caching layers, and monitoring.
Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST APIs using Component-based architecture provided by Angular 6.
Part of team implementing REST API’s in Python, Flask and SQLAlchemy for management of data center resources on which OpenStack cluster is deployed.
Used AJAX, DOJO, Java script, Spring and GWT to create interactive user interface.
Implemented easy to use Bootstrap plugins for building carousel, accordion, modal windows etc.
Good Expertise in analyzing the Document Object Model (DOM) Layout, DOM Functions, and Java Script functions, Cascading Styles across cross-browser using Fire Bug, Developer Tool Bar
Expertise in analyzing the DOM Layout, Java Script functions, Cascading Styles across cross-browser using browser Developer Tools.
Expertise in using Angular JS Directives, Controllers, Filters, Services, Templates, Events and Injectors.
Experienced in working with Node.JS and NPM modules like http-server, Marathon, inquirer, path, mongo DB, Micro Services, Request, Elastic Search, express, luck, spark and templating engines.
Experience in Node environment using Node.js, NPM, Grunt, Gulp, Groovy Bower.
Strong in using the Node.js, and Require.js and MVC Frameworks in the development of the web application
Expertise in implementing the MVC architecture in backend applications using JAVA along with spring, Servlets.
Experience with Automation Testing using robot framework.
Excellent analytical and communication skills with capability to handle new technologies.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Web Technologies
JAVA, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, TypeScript, Angular 7, Gulp, Web pack.
IDE
Eclipse, Visual studio Code, WebStorm.
Version Control
SVN, GIT
JavaScript Libraries
Angular, JQuery, Angular UI router, Angular UI Bootstrap, JQuery UI, Smarttable.js, chart.js.
Data Base
Oracle DB, MONGO DB.
Miscellaneous
Google Analytics, Jenkins, Jira, ClearQuest, Robot Framework.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Experian. April’17 – current
Role: Senior Web developer
Description: Experian plc is an Anglo-Irish multinational consumer credit reporting company. Experian collects and aggregates information on over 1 billion people and businesses including 235 million individual U.S. Consumers and more than 25 million U.S. businesses

Responsibilities:
Created a robust hosted solution using Angular.
Integrated Google Analytics tracking to observe user behavior and generate Insights.
Collaborate with analysts and Business Teams to understand requirements and demonstrate progress.
Have hands of experience with HTML5, CSS3, SCSS, SASS, Angular 8, JavaScript, ES6, Rest API, SOAP API, Docker Image,
Developed micro apps with latest Angular 8. Micro apps are easy maintainable and highly reusable.
Developed Account Opening Platform for Confidential where users can sign up for products.
Migrated Monolithic application in to a high scalable micro apps. Where each development team can independent.
Developed Single page applications using custom routing.
Consumed micro service, Rest API and SOAP API’s for developing micro apps and Account Opening Platform.
Developed Rapid Prototype as a POC for customer to visualize the basic functionalities of Application.
Developed Responsive and ADA compliant web micro apps.
Strategically identify and solve complex technical challenges with Research and development methodology.
Developed POC design solutions to demonstrate stakeholders and get approval for project.
Developed micro apps using Angular custom element and web-component library.
Developed wizard flow of the application. Different applications have different step-name. Loading this stepnames as a stepper.
Developed Single page applications using custom routing.
Consumed micro service, Rest API and SOAP API’s for developing micro apps and Account Opening Platform.
Developed Rapid Prototype as a POC for customer to visualize the basic functionalities of Application.
Developed Responsive and ADA compliant web micro apps.
Strategically identify and solve complex technical challenges with Research and development methodology.
Developed POC design solutions to demonstrate stakeholders and get approval for project.
Developed micro apps using Angular custom element and web-component library.
Developed wizard flow of the application. Different applications have different step-name. Loading this stepnames as a stepper.
Using version one for bug tracking and user story tracking.
Using GIT and jenkin jobs for version control.
Created A/B tests using Google Content Experiments to optimize user experience.
Developed API integrations and created road map for JSON refactoring.
Integrated our application with Shift Payments and Okta.
Successfully migrated our test environments to OpenShift.
Worked with team to enable automation testing using Robot framework.
Worked closely with UX designers and Devops team for timely delivery.
Responsible for code review and weekly deployments.

Environment: HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, JSON, Typescripts, Ajax, jQuery, Node.JS, D3.JS, MongoDB, Karma, Jasmine, CRUD, Agile, Scrum, JDK 8.0.12, Java 8.0.12, angular8, Docker, Jenkins, Bootstrap, Spring MVC, Spring Framework, Spring Boot, Spring Security, Restful, SQL, swagger, Gulp, Firebug, Fiddler

Wells Fargo. June’15– Mar’17
Role: User Interface Engineer
Description: Wells Fargo & Co. is a diversified, community-based financial services company. It is engaged in the provision of banking, insurance, investments, mortgage, and consumer and commercial finance. It firm operates through the following segments: Community Banking, Wholesale Banking, Wealth & Investment Management, and Other

Responsibilities:
Migrated jQuery application to AngularJS framework over the course of the project.
Designed business applications using web technologies like HTML5, AngularJS and CSS3 based on the W3C standards.
Developed CSS3 style sheets to give gradient effects. Developed page layouts, navigation and icons.
Extensively used CSS3 and Bootstrap for styling the HTML5 elements.
Assisted my team in developing Rest services using JAVA CXF framework.
Maintained Cross Browser compatibility & implement Responsive Design using Twitter Bootstrap, custom media queries etc.
Developed the custom data grids upon JQuery framework to deliver the business data.
Worked upon the dashboard for the project which contained a variety of charts and customized components using chart.js, jQuery UI Library.
Debug the application using chrome developer tools to traverse the documents and manipulated the Nodes using DOM and DOM Functions.
Responsible for creating efficient design and developing User Interaction screens using HTML, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, Angular 6 and Node JS.
Enhanced application performance by Angular 6 Component based development in view of future Angular framework transitions.
Experience with creating custom directives, decorators, and services to interface with both restful and SOA services.
Implemented Angular Router to enable navigation from one view to the next as customer performs application tasks.
Used Ajax effectively to create pagination and with client-side events like quick search.
Implemented user interface guidelines and standards throughout the development and maintenance of the website using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and JQuery.
Created Mock-up designs and developed various functionalities with JavaScript and jQuery.
Worked with the team of architects and back-end Developers to gather requirements and enhance the application functionality and add new features.
Gathered and analyzed the requirements and converted them into User Requirement Specifications and Functional Requirement Specifications for the designers and developers to understand them as per their perspective.

Environment: JAVA, HTML5, CSS3, JQuery, JavaScript, AJAX, Angular.js, Responsive Design, Bootstrap, Dom, XML, Firebug, AnthillPro, Git, Oracle, Windows.

Dealer Track, New York, NY Jun’14 –Dec ’14 Role: Software Engineer
Description: Dealertrack is the leading provider of digital solutions to the automotive retail industry. Our integrated approach to products and services supports the largest lender/dealer network in North America. For dealers, this includes the most advanced dealer management system (DMS), leading-edge sales and F&I solutions, and complete registration and title solutions. For lenders, this includes digital solutions and services for driving consumer engagement, streamlining originations and contracting, and optimizing titling operations and management.

Responsibilities:
Involved in development of User Interface using HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, and jQuery, AJAX, JSON and AngularJS.
Extensive experience using Bootstrap for layout.
Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.
Responsible to Style, look and feel of the web page with SASS that extends CSS with dynamic behavior such as variable, mixing, operations and functions.
Used various Angular 2 custom directives and developed reusable components and templates that can be re-used at various places in the application.
Worked with Angular 2 to develop single page applications, worked with ngrx for managing Angular applications.
Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component-based architecture provided by Angular 2.
Debug the application using chrome developer tools to traverse the documents and manipulated the Nodes using DOM and DOM Functions.
Worked on creating responsive website for smart devices using Responsive design and media queries.
Produced content pages with CSS3 layout and style markup presentations and also used JavaScript methods and properties.
Ensured site design integrity and quality control consistency throughout the project’s lifecycle.

Environment: HTML, HTML5, CSS, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX JSON, Angular.JS, Bootstrap, Responsive design

Indi technologies, India June 2012–Jun 2016
Role: UI Developer
Description: ARM (Access Request Management) Tool is an intuitive Web-based interface that provides detailed information about requests that is facile for Access Provisioners, Facilitators and other approvers in the Governance and Application Access Security team to use. Access request management tool describes the data that supports the viewing of access requests that are submitted through the Administrative console, Self-service user interface, and Identity Service Center user interface. Each request has its own unique approval path, ensuring that only the appropriate people are involved in the governance process.

Responsibilities:
Responsible for developing the UI pages using Angular 2/4, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, PrimeNG and Bootstrap.
Responsible to Style, look and feel of the web page with SASS that extends CSS with dynamic behavior such as variable, mixing, operations and functions.
Used various Angular 2 custom directives and developed reusable components and templates that can be re-used at various places in the application.
Worked with Angular 2 to develop single page applications, worked with ngrx for managing Angular applications.
Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component-based architecture provided by Angular 2.
Implemented HTTP requests using RxJS Observable library to handle multiple values over time.
Experience in working with the advanced JavaScript such as ECMAScript 6 (ES6).
Migrated an application developed in Angular 4.0 to Angular 5.0 recently.
Worked with JASMINE in testing and Protractor for unit testing angular modules.
Expert in creating bundling complex applications using Webpack or packaging it using gulp/grunt.
Worked in Kanban Methodology to provide more efficiently work and higher quality.
Used JIRA for bug tracking. Git is used as a version control tool and Jenkins is used for continuous integration of builds.
Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap3, SASS, Angular 2/4, ES6, PrimeNG, Node JS, ngrx, Gulp, Webpack, JSON, XML, Jenkins, DB2, Protractor, Git, Kanban, Visual Studio Code.

EDUCATION
Bachelors of computer science – 2013
Contact this candidate