HADEEBA TAJ
Front End Developer
Work Experience
Frontend Developer, Skymoon
(Jan 2020 - Dec 2020)
Implementing web design and development principles to build stable software using HTML, CSS, JavaScript.
Collaborating closely with the team to support projects during all phases of deliver y. Building websites and apps that are responsive and usable. I have monitored website performance and rectified front-end issues. Identifying innovative ideas and proof of concepts according to project requirements. Provided guidance and troubleshooting to clients. Documenting bug reports, tickets and any code changes. QA Engineer, Premiere Digital Services
(May 2017 - Oct 2019)
Performing quality analysis on the internal web portal that is used to track bugs in digital media content and keep track of audio/video/subtitle parameters in order to deliver high quality files worldwide to large online platforms like Amazon Prime, iTunes, Netflix and Disney Plus, while adhering to every country's entertainment laws.
I facilitated quality critique by reviewing my peers' reports and provided regular feedbacks to make sure there are no quality misses. Regularly updated checklists/test cases as per client’s requirement changes. Quality Control Engineer, Deluxe Entertainment Services
(Jun 2015 - Apr 2017)
My responsibilities at DDS were to perform test and release management of digital audio/video content for production houses. I was involved in coordinating and developing test plans with multiple departments. Collaborated with R&D team to develop software by reporting bugs and verifying fi xes. Prepared status reports on the QC process. Graphic/Website Designer, WireDelta & Sheer Media
(Feb 2013 - Jun 2014)
I have worked remotely as a Freelance Graphic Designer where I was part of the Design process for various web and mobile applications related to advertising, health and nutrition, banking, music, e-commerce domains. I was also involved in the process of wireframing and creating design templates using software like Axure and Photoshop.
Technical Support Engineer, IBM
(Jun 2014 - Apr 2015)
Projects
Project 1: Skymoon
A responsive E - Commerce website for furniture that is built with Javascript across multiple pages.
Technologies used: Javascript ES6, CSS 3, HTML 5, Wordpress Link
Project 2: Writing on the Wall
A blog website to upload blog posts with image. Developed the JSON API that stores the blog posts.
Technologies used: Javascript ES6, CSS 3, HTML 5, NodeJS, ExpressJS Link
Project 3: Pizza Joint
A website to customize your pizza with the focus on hover/click animations using Framer Motion Library for React.
Technologies used: Javascript ES6, React Components, CSS 3, HTML 5, Framer Motion Link
adklge@r.postjobfree.com
+91-720*******
github.com/hadeebataj
linkedin.com/in/hadeeba-taj/
Skills
Development: Responsive Web Design -
HTML5 / CSS • Applied Visual Design •
Applied Accessibility • Responsive Web
Design Principles • Javascript • ES6 •
Debugging • Basic Data Structures • Object
Oriented Programming • Bootstrap• jQuery •
Sass • React• Redux • JSON APls and Ajax •
Managing Packages with npm • Basic Node
and Express
Design and Prototyping: UI graphics with
Photoshop and Adobe XD • Understanding
website workflow with Wireframing
Research: Data analysis • Task analysis and
management • Keeping up with latest design
trends and Javascript libraries
Collaboration: Suggesting features to
enhance user experience • Identifying and
delegating tasks • Efficient team player •
Active listener • Reliable and Responsible •
Communicative
Volunteering (COVID19): Played a vital role in
food distribution and represented Women and
Child Welfare department for Kothanur area as
'Corona Warrior'/ 'She Warrior' • Supported
local police by volunteering as Civil Defense •
Educated men, women and children on
sanitization and social distancing norms
Education
JavaScript - The Complete Guide
by Maximilian Schwarzmuller
Udemy.com (Jan 2020)
React - The Complete Guide
by Maximilian Schwarzmuller
Udemy.com (Mar 2020)
The Complete Node.js Developer Course
by Andrew Mead
Udemy.com (Ongoing)
Bachelor of Engineering (ECE)
GSSS Institute of Engineering, Mysore.
(2010 - 2014)
Contact this candidate