Samir Dash
FrontEnd Developer
I would prefer to be associated with progressive organisation that gives me scope to update my skills according to the latest trends, especially in the area of Software Development and Testing. I want to be a part of the team that dynamically works towards the growth of the organisation. I want to earn a job which will help me to exploit my potential, to achieve personal and organisation goals as well.
admtp3@r.postjobfree.com
898-***-****
Bangalore
28 November, 1997
WORK EXPERIENCE
Trainee
Sentient Infotech Pvt Ltd, Bangalore
24th/June/2020 - 11th/September/2020
Achievements/Tasks
Doing Manual Testing on games like “Mortal Kombat Aftermath”.
Writing test cases for testing.
Writing defect reports.
Reporting bugs in Jira.
Associate Developer
iKure Techsoft (P) Ltd, Bangalore
14th/September/2020 - 2nd/January/2021
Achievements/Tasks
Creating views using basic HTML and CSS.
Implementing data visualisation components and doing data communication between component and restful API or local JSON using Axios.
Implementing reusable components to have a greater control and scalability for building the apps.
Creating responsive front end layouts.
Working on React.js, JavaScript, HTML, CSS and using Visual Studio Code as Integrated Development Environment (IDE) EDUCATION
Bachelor of Engineering
Institute of Technical Education and
Research(ITER), Bhubaneswar
2015 - 2019
Branch- Electrical and Electronics Engineering(EEE) CGPA: 6.85/10
Senior Secondary Education
Prananath College (Autonomous),Khordha
2013 - 2015
Subject- MPC
Percentage: 50%
Secondary Education
Institute of Integral Education,Bhubaneswar
2013
10th Standard
Percentage: 72.83%
SKILLS
Knowledge of ReactJS, React
Router, Axios, React Hooks
Knowledge of JavaScript
Knowledge of Git
Knowledge of Manual Testing
Knowledge of Functional,
Regression, Smoke Testing
Able to write Test Cases and
Defect Report
STLC and SDLC concepts
Knowledge of Agile Methodology
STRENGTHS
Ability and Adaptability to work in a
team
Friendly and Supportive team player
Passionate about learning new
technologies
Ability to work in an Agile
environment
Quick learner
LANGUAGES
English
Full Professional proficiency
Hindi
Full Professional proficiency
Odia
Native or Bilingual proficiency
HOBBIES
Riding different Bikes and Cars
Travel long distances and Exploring
new places
Gathering knowledge about Bikes
Contact this candidate