Harry Kim North Potomac, MD
240-***-****
admwt3@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/harrykim87/ GitHub: github.com/VvBooMvV Portfolio: harrykim.net
>LANGUAGES AND TECHNOLOGIES
● Proficient: Java, Python, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS, jQuery, Git, Photoshop, Illustrator
● Exposure: Spring Boot, MySQL, Hibernate, Maven, Bootstrap, D3js, Webpack, Selenium
>EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science Degree in Computer Science, Drexel University Graduation: June 2020 Associates of Art in Computer Science, Montgomery College (MD) Graduation: August 2015
>PROJECT WORK
Stock Price Predictor Engineer https://github.com/VvBooMvV/StockPredictor Apr 2020 - Present Implemented a machine learning algorithm (Naïve Bayes Theorem) from the ground up in Python to classify and calculate the probability of an increase in stock prices using approaches from fundamental and technical analysis.
● Continuing research, testing, and development in artiﬁcial intelligence and pattern matching to increase the current 58% accuracy of identiﬁcation to an intended minimum accuracy of 75% Drexel's Three Semesters Senior Project: American Sign Language Translator Engineer Sep 2018 - Jun 2019 The team deployed an American Sign Language translating program utilizing computer vision, neural network, and machine learning techniques to interpret hand signals which are transcribed into American English in real time.
● Built the auto-correct feature utilizing Natural Language Processing technique called N-Gram Detectors to correct any misspelled words, increasing the accuracy of our transcriptions.
>PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Dell: Boomi Frontend Developer and QA Engineer - Internship Chesterbrook, PA Mar 2017 - Sep 2017
● Improved and incorporated human centric and accessible UI/UX designs and enhanced usability for over 1 million users using GWT, JSTL, and CSS.
● Automated, maintained, and tested proprietary cloud application with Selenium, reducing ~2 hours of daily work needed by manual testers.
● Prevented critical bugs in Java and Python saving the company roughly $1 million from a breach of contract. Verilogue Java Web Developer - Internship Horsham, PA Mar 2016 - Nov 2016
● Refactored numerous bugs to both front and back-end code on a daily basis utilizing Java, Spring, Hibernate, Maven Artifacts, Javascript, jQuery, and Bootstrap, removing 3-8 bugs a day.
● Collaborated with 2-4 cross functional teams and stakeholders to translate business requirements into technical solutions for their application utilizing familiar languages such as Java, JavaScript, HTML, and CSS
● Added an audio transcription process with Spring and Hibernate that allowed low-cost transcribers to cross validate one another which reduced company overhead cost by relieving a developer from 2 daily hours of manually updating via MySQL.
Smithsonian Science Education Center Game Developer Washington, DC Feb 2015 - May 2015
● Authored a card matching game called “Shutterbugs: Arcadia” for young children using Unity and C# for enabling cross-platform functionality on Android, iOS, and standalone applications on Windows and Mac.
● Programmed, debugged, and implemented user tests of the game on an Android and iOS device to identify front end bugs leading to a more intuitive UI.
● Designed the UI/UX and illustrated the images, backgrounds, and buttons using Photoshop and Illustrator. Drop and Ship Store Manager and Auction Coordinator Bethesda, MD Oct 2008 - Jan 2013
● Coordinated our consignment services for over 80 different clients. Posted thousands of listings a week, and generated roughly $1 million in revenue annually while upholding at least a 99.8% positive rating and review as a power seller.
● Created eBay auction templates for an easier shopping experience for buyers in Dreamweaver using HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript.
● Took professional photographs and edited the photos via Photoshop.CSS3, and JavaScript.
● Appraised, refurbished, and sold a wide range of items such as: computers, servers, phones, TVs, watches, jewelries, cars, apparels, sport memorabilia, collectables, ATMs, musical instruments, and audio equipment.
Contact this candidate