Mark Wlodawski Orlando, FL
adncum@r.postjobfree.com
github.com/IMakeTheSites
SUMMARY
● Mark is a versatile Front-End Developer with extensive experience in building a cross-platform mobile app with JavaScript, React Native, React.js, and Vue.js and has built web applications with React.js/Redux, HTML5, CSS3, Styled-Components, and Axios.
● He is an expert in JavaScript software engineering with a background in web (Front-end and Back-end) and mobile app development for successful implementation.
● Has participated in a wide range of web/mobile projects (from small to large scale), and learned how to collaborate with team members.
● He has been working in ecommerce for several years, including Magento and WooCommerce SKILLS
● React.js/Redux, Styled-Components, CSS Modules
● Next.js/Nuxt.js
● Vue 2, Vue 3, Vuex, Vuetify, Vue-Router, Vue-Bootstrap, Vue-Material
● Magento 1, Magento 2 Backend and Frontend, Admin Customization, Catalog Optimization
● React Native – React Native CLI and Expo
● JavaScript (ES6/7), HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, Bootstrap, SASS
● Node.js/Express, MongoDB
● REST API
● WordPress/WooCommerce
● NPM, Yarn
● TypeScript
TEAMWORK
● Agile/Scrum Software Development Methodologies
● Task Management: JIRA, Trello, Asana, Monday
● Version Management: GitHub/Bitbucket, Gitlab
● Team Communication: Slack, Zoom meeting, Skype meeting, Google meeting EDUCATION
International Master of Business Administration - China Track GPA: 3.1/4.00 2009 - 2011
The University of Memphis, Memphis, TN
Bachelor of Liberal Studies - Asian Studies & International Trade GPA: 3.1/4.00 2007 - 2009
The University of Memphis, Memphis, TN
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
TopTal Projects (Various Front-End Positions)
Green Sun Medical(Toptal Project) – (Senior React-Native Developer) May 2021 – June 2021 I worked with Green Sun Medical on their existing mobile application used to connect to medical devices. With the engineering team, I helped troubleshoot data transfer issues, improve user experience, estimate effort needed to accomplish tasks, and give weekly updates on progress. Technologies used: React-Native, REST API, SQL, CSS, Bluetooth Sibros Technology(Toptal Project) – (Senior React-Native Developer) March 2021 – May 2021 I helped Sibros build a new application that used Bluetooth to interact with cars as a control unit. I worked on the UI of the app and integration with the back-end. I created the screens, components, and implemented the design team’s work.
Technologies used: React-Native, JavaScript, Bluetooth, CSS, SQL Understand.me(Toptal Project) – (Frontend Developer) November 2020 – February 2021
I worked with Understand.me’s team to help evolve several web applications using JavaScript and jQuery. I interacted with the backend developers and worked on the existing webpage to help optimize, add new features, and upgrade the software.
Technologies used: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, REST API, UX Design Worklete, Inc.(Toptal Project) – (Senior React-Native Developer) August 2020 – November 2020
I helped Worklete’s development team clean up their codebase using modern React and JavaScript ES6 best practices, and I worked with the team as they adopted more professional AGILE methodology practices. We held daily standup meetings to review each other’s code and accept input from both the CEO and the Q&A professional. After cleaning the code, I worked to add functionality to their application, such as messaging using Firebase.
Lob, Inc (Toptal Project) – (Frontend Developer) May 2020 – August 2020
As front-end developer, I worked with the marketing, design, management, and development teams to redesign and launch their website as part of their rebranding campaign. I refactored code according to the client’s requirements and optimized pages. I worked with the rest of the team on the Webflow CMS platform. DataTape, Inc – (Front End Developer) January 2020 - May 2020
As a senior front-end developer, I built a pixel-perfect and mobile-friendly SaaS Real Estate Product for DataTape. It started as a web application with React.js/Redux, HTML5, CSS3, Styled-Components, and Axios. I also built a follow-up mobile application for iOS/Android with React Native CLI based on the website. The DGC Group (Vue.js Developer) December 2019 - December 2019
Developed the front end using ES6 and Vue.js 2 with a focus on component reusability. Designed and built a map using Google Mapbox. Utilized Vuex for state management. Created an intro component by integrating Intro.js, integrated Gantt charts.
Other Contracts/W2 Positions
TextIQ, Inc (Senior Front-End Developer) August 2019 - November 2019
I built an Excel Review Product for TextIQ with React, Redux, and React-Material-UI. I implemented pixel-perfect UI using Material UI components and integrated Restful API with redux-saga. Rolfson Oil, LLC (Senior React/React Native Developer) December 2018 - August 2019
I built Ticketing Web/Mobile apps with React.js/Redux, React Native CLI and ASP.NET. for Web app, I built the admin dashboard with React.js, Redux, Redux-Saga, Google Maps API, HighChart.js, HTML5, CSS3, SCSS, and Styled-Components.
for Ticketing Mobile apps, I built the apps for iOS and Android with React Native, integrated several React Native plugins such as React-Native-Print, React-Native-Camera, React-Native-Image-Picker, etc, used redux-thunk for integrating restful APIs, and worked on implementing animations and customizing react components such as date-time-picker modal, search input, search picker, text input, etc. LiquidSky Software, Inc. (Senior Front-end developer) September 2018 – June 2019
I built a VerizonGaming app with React/Redux, HTML5/CSS3, Styled-Components, Redux-Thunk, Chrome GamePad API, etc.
Afterward, I was a senior front-end developer for Walmart's new game streaming app and web front-end using similar technology.
Robert Irwin Jewelers (Magento Developer/eCommerce) January 2017 – March 2017
Here I worked to optimize the client's website, online presence, and sales through Magento site. I consulted on the pros and cons of switching to Magento 2,BigCommerce, or remaining with current site. Titan Distributors, Inc. (Magento Developer/eCommerce) June 2015 – July 2016 I worked to optimize Titan’s site on the Magento platform and product listings on third party channels through keyword research and comparison with other sellers. I used the ChannelAdvisor platform to interact with eBay and Amazon.
Independent Website and Application Developer November 2012 - Present
● Built portfolio site imakethesites.com using Nuxt.js with WPGraphql pulling from WordPress backend
● Working on Vue-Storefront 2 application with Magento 2 backend
● Optimized websites for mobile devices and interactivity with Twitter Bootstrap, CSS, HTML5 & Javascript snippets
● Website and Single Page Application (SPA) developer using React/Redux
● Native and Hybrid Mobile Application developer using React Native
● Wrote effective, well-organized code to make for easier editing and collaboration
● Translated wireframe designs to front-end code
● Embedded widgets, menus, video, pictures, links
Contact this candidate