Jaya Kishan P
Frontend Developer
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Passionate Frontend developer with 4.6 years of experience. Aim to be associated with a progressive organisation where I can create a position for myself as an professional in the highly competitive world through honest and committed hard work in conjunction with my knowledge and positive attitude. Always seeking to learn something new.
Phone: +91-900*******
Email: adp8e4@r.postjobfree.com
Skills
JavaScript / ES6 / jQuery
HTML, CSS, SCSS and Bootstrap
React JS, Redux
Ant Design, Material UI
Git
Python
Django
NLP
XML, XSLT, XSL-FO
AJAX, JSON
Work Experience
Consultant
Capgemini
December 2021 - Present
Bangalore, India
XSLT Developer.
Responsible for maintaining SimCorp, Dimension application. Responsible for adding functionality and maintaining web applications using HTML, CSS.
Software Engineer 2
DELL TECHNOLOGIES
January 2021 - December 2021
Bangalore, India
Responsible for developing email templates using HTML, CSS, XSLT and XML.
Responsible for developing and maintaining a web application called Customer Communication Designer. This application is used to develop email templates.
Responsibility for developing a Translator application where users can send labels ( which contain content of an email template in JSON format) to a translation team. This application shows requested translations which are in a queue, which are completed and which are moved to production.
Web Developer
INDEGENE
August 2020 - January 2021
Bangalore, India
Responsible for development and functionality support of web application of Pharma products. Each product has a web application in which it contains details about it, FQA's, Steps to use the Pharma product and consulting doctors to get more details about the products.
Development and functionality support was done using JavaScript, jQuery, HTML, and CSS.
Software Consultant
JUNIPER NETWOKS
July 2017 - March 2020
Bangalore, India
Responsible for design and development of DocEng2 web application. This application converts XML documents to desired outputs like HTML, PDF, Word documents. More than 2500 content writers at Juniper Networks use this application. This application includes the Home page, Queue page, Request page. Technologies used for this application are JavaScript, jQuery, HTML, CSS, SCSS, Ajax. XSLT development for XML documents. This XSLT will help DocEng2 to convert XML to HTML or PDF or WORD. Responsible for rST (restructured text) documents using Spinx tool. Tool's feature development using python to get the desired output. This tool converts markdown content to HTML or Web pages.
Development of a web application called Discovery. This application has details of employees. Technologies used are React JS, Redux, Ajax. Responsible for supporting and feature development of DITA tools. I also developed a web application to convert all content writers' XML documents to DITA files. XSLT was used to convert XML files to DITA. Freelancing
PYTHON DEVELOPER
June 2020 - June 2020
XML parsing using python. This python code takes xml data and creates Excel with desired data.
Freelancing
MALAYAJ
June 2020 - July 2020
Developed web application for Pfizer. This application is to get information from patients so that doctors can suggest suitable treatment. Technologies used are Canvas, jQuery, CSS. Freelancing
BIZTECHNOSYS
July 2020 - August 2020
Worked on Sitecore. Bug fixing for Combiflam web app. Technologies used are HTML, CSS, jQuery. HTML and CSS are handled using Sitecore. Bug fixing on several projects with technologies HTML, CSS. Languages
English — Professional Hindi — Professional Telugu — Professional Education
2013 - 2017
GMR IT
Electronics and Communication
Engineering
2011 - 2013
Sri Chaitanya jr college
Intermediate Education
2010 - 2011
Bhashyam public school
Secondary Education
Contact this candidate