Joel Hernandez
UI Developer – New York, NY
adpens@r.postjobfree.com 609-***-****

Professional Summary and Experience:
I have over 5 Years of professional experience in all phases of software development life cycle including requirements Analysis and Debugging, Applications Design, Development, Integration, Maintenance, Installation, Implementation, Deployment, Testing of various client/server, N-tier, and web/native applications.

Strong working knowledge in HTML, CSS3, JavaScript, typescript, and Bootstrap with 3 years’ experience in React and AngularJS versions.
Used Backbone.js and ReactJS to create Controllers to handle events triggered by clients and send request to server.
Hands on experience in writing light weight Node.js express server, and making use of technologies like JavaScript/jQuery, Ajax, JSON to make connections between server and databases as MongoDB and MySQL.
Expertise in Client Scripting language and server-side scripting languages like HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, Bootstrap, Backbone/Angular, ReactJS, Phone Gap, Twitter Bootstrap, GRUNT, SASS, Galen testing framework, Jasmine Unit testing, using GitHub for repository.
Proficient in developing web page quickly and effectively using, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQUERY, AJAX and experience in making web page cross-browser compatible.
Good Understanding of Document Object Model (DOM) and DOM Functions compatibility and SEO / web standards.
Good experience with Form Validation by Regular Expression, and jQuery.
Hands-on experience in consuming RESTful Services using JavaScript, jQuery, and AngularJS.
Experiences with full software development life cycle, architecting scalable platforms, object-oriented programming, and AGILE methodologies.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills demonstrated through exposure in working with Technical, Quality Assurance and Business Analysis groups.
Hands on working experience Linux environment with Apache Tomcat.
Expertise in Database design using SQLite, SQL, PLSQL, MongoDB, Amazon Web Services and MySQL.
Up to date knowledge with the latest industry trends and having the ability to work in tight schedules and efficient in meeting deadlines.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Web Technologies
HTML5, CSS3, LESS, SASS, JavaScript, Typescript, AngularJS (1, 1.5,2, 4, 7), ReactJS, JSON, AJAX, jQuery, jQuery UI, JSP, Servlets, JDBC, JavaBeans, RESTful Webservices, ECMAScript 6.0, NodeJS, BackboneJS
Languages
C, .NET, Java, JavaScript, ECMAScript, Ruby.
GUI Editors
MS Visual Studio, Eclipse IDE, Spring tool Suite, Adobe Fireworks, Illustrator, Photoshop
Publishing Tools
Adobe PageMaker, Adobe Acrobat
Testing
Galen testing framework, Jasmine Unit testing
Databases
SQL, MYSQL, NoSQL, SQL Lite, MongoDB
SDLC
Agile, Scrum

Education details: ASA college - 2018

Bloomberg, Newyork, NY Dec 2019 - Present
Role: Sr. Front End Developer
Project Description:
CIT is a tool used by the RO Global Central Team that provides consistent and accurate data and enable users to answer common business management questions quickly and effectively.
Responsibilities:
Transforming design mockups into cross browser compatible HTML5/CSS3 layouts, implemented dynamic page elements and form error validations using JavaScript. Developed UI using jQuery.
Developed various screens for the front end using ReactJS and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager).
Involved in creating a reusable component using React JS for DOM manipulation
Implemented services, controllers, directives, factory functions to properly consume API on the front end and send back data in JSON format to the back end by capturing in the UI
Used React JS in development of the web application to bind the data/model that is being retrieved from a database through services provided in a controller to the view using scope.
Responsible for developing a front-end application using React JS and FLUX architecture for internal team’s productivity use.
Experienced in React JS and working with React Flux architecture.
Made the application responsive using Bootstrap and CSS Media Queries.
Experience in implementing the Model-View-Controller (MVC) architecture.
Experience on working with Custom Directives, Controllers, Services, and filters modules of Angular 7.
Implemented project using Agile SCRUM methodology. Involved in daily stand-up meetings, sprint showcase and sprint retrospective.
Extensively used Angular-cli to generate components, routes, services, pipes and to run tests.
Co-operating with back end developing proves of building the Restful API and communicating with the external web services.
Consuming and integrating UI with REST/JSON based web services.
Responsible to create responsive web application using Backbone JS.
Used React JS for templating for faster compilation and developing reusable components.
Used React JS in components like JSX, creating React components.
Environment: Anuglar7, React Js, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, JSON, REST, GitHub, NPM, Grunt, Gulp. JavaScript, jQuery.

Wells Fargo, Inc, Dallas, Tx July 2018 – Nov 2019
Role: UI / Front End Developer
Project Description:
At Wells Fargo, for any project execution, the team should follow secure SDLC process. The team member has to get approval of his design and other documents with Architect and the whole process should be reviewed with CFSR team. As part of compliance, this process has to be automated and we have used Alfresco product for creating business process services. Alfresco Development Framework (ADF) has been used for creating User interface with Angular.

Responsibilities:
Worked with unit testing of JavaScript applications using Karma, Jasmine.
Worked with Alfresco team for developing the application in front end.
Alfresco is an enterprise Business Process Management (BPM) solution targeted at businesspeople and developers.
Used Node.js server to build SPAs and build JSON APIs based applications.
Used Node.js Express framework to define routing table for different actions and set up middleware to respond for requests coming in.
The Alfresco Application Development Framework (ADF) is based on the Angular framework.
ADF is provided by Alfresco to make it easy to build custom web applications to manage and view content in the Alfresco Platform Repository.
Worked with ng-messages in Form-Validation and displaying the error messages.
Used AngularJS, JavaScript for validating client-side validations.
Implemented Angular 2 Routing and navigation, Components, Services.
Designed dynamic client-side JavaScript codes to build web forms and simulate process for a web application, page navigation using Angular 2.
Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component-based architecture provided by Angular 2.
Created Navigation bar using Angular UI bootstrap.
Used iFrames to create the HTML document embedded inside another HTML document on a website.
Developed the backend by using NodeJS, express and MongoDB.
Used Node JS for server side run time environment.
Used Object Oriented Programming concepts to develop UI components that could be reused across the Web Application.
Used Python and Django to interface with the jQuery UI and manage the storage and deletion of content.
Created more responsive Webpages, which can be compatible with all the browsers and compatible with the different devices using ReactJS.
Created SQL queries to perform insert, update or delete operation on MySQL database.
Designed UI architecture for the internal web application and worked with designers to construct UI using React JS.
Used Visual Studio for development work.
Worked with unit testing of JavaScript applications using Karma, Jasmine.
Developed webpages using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and Angular.
Analyzed code and fixed bugs for issue.

Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, AngularJS, ReactJS, Node.js, CSS LESS, Bootstrap, JSON, REST, Gulp, Java, JSP, CMS, Jenkins, Angular-UI- Bootstrap, NPM, Node.js

Western Digital, Irvine, CA Sep 2016– Jun 2018
Role: Front End Developer
Project Description
The project was to develop AT&T platform for web services that acts as a common gateway for APIs from different existing systems like Product and Offer Management, Billing, Sales, etc. The Java web services act as a one stop shop for APIs for different AT&T Emerging Business Market Resellers, Clients and Partners looking to access AT&T APIs from their own systems.

Responsibilities:
Engaged in Agile methodologies of Scrum and story discussions for software development.
Enhanced application code and improved web page through client-side scripting.
Supported the Waterfall project working through agile teams.
Designed the User Interface using use case diagrams, class diagrams, and sequence diagrams as a part of Design Phase using Rational Rose.
Used AngularJS framework for building web-apps and is highly efficient with PHP framework as well as using Restful services.
Designed and implemented functions and features using Angular 4 at client-side and Web API at server-side.
Creating core Python API which will be using among all modules.
Application employed a Spring MVC framework with the use of JSP, JSTL, Servlet, Java Beans and Hibernate ORM for persistence layer.
Developed page layouts, Navigations and presented designs and concepts to the clients and the management for review.
Designed and developed a web application by using Angular4 as front-end and using Web API to receive and pass data to back-end.
Involved in developing the web pages using Angular 5, which are powerful in building the Single page web applications.
Developed various screens for the front end using ReactJS and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager).
Experience with Test Driven Development and Node.js.
Worked with modules like MongoDB and mongoose for database persistence using Node.js to interact with MongoDB.
Designed and created store, actions and reducers using Redux unidirectional data flow.
Performed automation tests using JavaScript, Jasmine and Protractor to perform UI testing.
Worked on High charts jQuery for creating web charts.
Develop various screens for the front end using React JS and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and Redux libraries.
Used REST API for development for Microservices.
Worked on Cross-Browser compatibility issues and tracked them to closure.
Experience in developing web applications using Responsive web design, Bootstrap, jQuery.
Re-wrote pre-existing code and earned recognition for enhancing application performance Boosted application performance through code analysis and recommended solutions.
Used jQuery to make the HTML5 and CSS3 code interact with the JavaScript functions to add dynamism to the web pages at the client side.
Involved in writing client-side validations using Angular validation controls.
Extensively worked with making calls to REST APIs to fetch the data from the backend as JSON response and parse it on the UI for DOM/CSS Manipulation.
Used JIRA and SVN to cope up with agile process.

Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular JS, ReactJS, High Charts jQuery Framework, SVN, MVC, JSON, JSP, JSTL, Eclipse IDE, Sublime Text, Windows.
Contact this candidate