SKILLS
JavaScript
HTML
CSS
React.js
Node.js
Angular.js
MongoDB
AWS
Java
Python
EDUCATION
B.S.
Computer Science
University of the West Indies
September 2013 - June 2016
adrl24@r.postjobfree.com
876-***-****
linkedin.com/in/akeim-sutherlan
d
github.com/akeimsuth
AKEIM
SUTHERLAND
Software Developer
CAREER OBJECTIVE
Software engineer with a proven ability to adapt in both self-starting and collaborative environments while staying focused on achieving high-quality results under strict deadlines. Eager to obtain a challenging position at a prestigious company like yours that will expand my learning and build upon my developer skills.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Software Developer
Smart Mobile Solutions
January 2019 - current 12 Ruthven Road
Created the user experience that fetched, parsed, and formatted analytic data, and relayed it into React components.
Collaborated on Complexity Score tool, which removed process bottlenecks by assigning scores to cost, time, and compliance issues, increasing eﬃciency by 72%.
Designed an integrated database using MongoDB that leveraged the React architecture to yield on-demand, detailed feedback. Created documentation to teach new team members company standards and best practices in React.js and Node.js. This shortened learning time by an average of 16 days.
Tested software for bugs and operating speed, ﬁxing bugs and documenting processes to increase eﬃciency by 18%
Built RESTful APIs that served data to the JavaScript front-end based on dynamically chosen user inputs that handled over 500,000 concurrent users
Web Development Intern
Artuvic Solutions
July 2015 - January 2017 University of the West Indies Developed user interfaces with modern JavaScript frameworks, HTML5, and CSS3, which improved user satisfaction by 31%.
Developed object-oriented code in Node.js with 100% accordance to industry and company standards.
Learned multiple threading, concurrency, design patterns, and their impacts on application concurrency.
Designed and developed web applications using JavaScript frameworks React.js and Angular.js to increase target audience engagement by 12%. Frontend Developer
Sitebix
August 2020 - current
Created and oversaw wireframe designs from client requests. Led transition from ﬁrebase to AWS, saving company $3,700+ monthly and increasing load speeds by an average of 38%.
Addressed complex issues with real-time lead prioritization using Websocket connectivity.
Built API following RESTful standards to allow users to submit information by storing data in MongoDB.
Contact this candidate