Nathan Duckworth
UI/UX - Web - Motion Design
616-***-****
nateduckworth.com
adrq0q@r.postjobfree.com
Skills
Experience
Education
Activities
Adobe Creative Suite (all programs including InDesign, AfterEffects) HTML and CSS
JQuery, MySQL, PHP, XML
Apple FinalCut Pro, Motion, Adobe Premiere (video editing/effects) Blender (3D modeling and animation)
WordPress Websites (including custom theme development) Microsoft Office (all programs including Visio)
Professional photography, art direction, photo editing, print production Sketch, Axure, InVision App, Adobe XD (wireframing and prototyping) Agile / Scrum Master Certified
January 2017 – Present : Duckworth Interactive : UI/UX Designer, Frontend Developer UI/UX Design, Web design and frontend development for clients such as USA Financial (long term), Gilson Graphics and Grandville Printing. UI/UX consulting and design, sitemapping and wireframing, design and frontend development including WordPress theme development. April 2016 – January 2017 : Gilson Graphics : UI/UX Designer Duties include software interface testing, UX evaluation, and design. Worked on multiple software and website style guides, wireframing and prototyping. Led multiple client presentations on the UX Design process and contemporary web trends. January 2015 – April 2016 : TerraTrike : Digital Marketing and UX Specialist Responsible for website updates and mini-site creation for multiple national campaigns. Photo and video creation, editing and design. Led Design, UX, branding and video production for two major marketing endeavors: TerraTrike University and Why TerraTrike? April 2013 – January 2015 : Dematic Corporation : Lead UI/UX Designer Responsible for software interface evaluation, testing and design. Authored detailed style guides and training programs for a corporation-wide UX initiative. April 2011 – April 2013 : Duckworth Interactive : Founder, UI/UX Designer Specializing in user experience/usability, interface design and frontend development. Performed on-site work with Global Forex Trading and Johnson Controls, and with clients such as Stanley Steemer, Toshiba Medical and Microart Services - Toronto. February 2008 – April 2011 : Stryker Instruments : Web and Video Specialist Responsible for corporate website updates and additions as well as designing new product videos and educational programs. Initiated system for usability testing and design of the corporate intranet. Worked on design direction, planning and launch of mini-sites and apps. Ferris State University, Bachelor of Science: May 2000, Magna Cum Laude, Dean’s List Major: Visual Communication, emphasis in digital media, English and art history. GPA: 3.75 Ferris State University, Associate of Science: May 1998, Magna Cum Laude, Dean’s List Major: Visual Communication with emphasis in digital media. GPA: 3.8 Army Sergeant’s Personal Leadership Development Course (PLDC) Camp Shelby, MS, Graduate with honors. 1998.
Speaker/Presenter, Innaugural Grand Rapids Pekachuka Event Prepared and delivered a presentation for the local branch of this international club. 2011. Interactive Committee Chair, AD2 Advertising Club West Michigan Chairperson and educational speaker. Worked on campaign that won national awards. 2007.
Contact this candidate