Jupiter St. John
Senior Full-Stack Developer / Senior App Developer
Overview
My introduction to Computer Science began with Linux Systems Administration and Network Penetration Testing. For the past 12+ years I have focused on designing and building: web / web-app, iOS / Android app experiences.
After years of working for clients like Warner Bros, 7-11 and St. Regis Hotels, I have the experience to ensure any project meets with success. I excel with popular Javascript frameworks including React, React Native, Next.js and Angular. Μuch of my recent years have been filled with leading teams of developers (including offshore / overseas developers) to achieve and deliver excellence. I have a unique inner drive that allows me to succeed with anything I put my mind to.
With my combined knowledge of development, creating scalable architecture, specialization in responsive design ( designing for mobile, tablet, desktop to create the best possible experience on each device ), and my attention to UX / UI, I will create the best possible experience to bring your vision to life.
Professional Summary
● Advanced knowledge of Javascript / Node.js and popular frameworks: React Native, React.js, Next.js, Angular, AngularFire, Ionic (see full list below).
● Led teams of developers using SCRUM and AGILE methodologies with code review and JIRA, sometimes across multiple time-zones and language barriers.
● In depth experience with AWS services, creating, maintaining, and providing support for architecture built on AWS (Lambda, EC2, EB, – please see skills section below for full list)
● Developed advanced custom website / webapp interface animations and transitions optimized for mobile and tablet using CSS3 and Javascript.
● Payment gateway integrations including Stripe, Paypal, Authorize.net, Recurring subscriptions, and wooCommerce.
● Highly skilled with Adobe Suite ( Photoshop, Illustrator, Fireworks, Lightroom )
● Front-end and Back-end development of custom web sites / web applications, optimization of existing front and back end codebases.
● Configuring and managing web servers ( Apache, Nginx, Lighttpd, Node ), database servers ( PostgreSQL, mySQL, SQL server, mongoDB, couchDB ), installing updates and dependencies.
● Creating and consuming APIs and integration of Third-Party APIs into websites and apps.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Mobile Development
● React Native, Flutter, Trigger.io, Ionic
Front-End
● React (Redux / Mobx), Angular, Vue.js
● BackBone, Knockout, KnockBack, Ember
● ExtJS, jQuery
Computer Programming
● JavaScript, Typescript, Node.js
● HTML5, CSS, SASS, SCSS, Compass
● PHP, Bash, Java, Python
● Haml, Emmet, Liquid
● Smarty, HandleBars, Mustache, Pug
Cloud Services and Hosting
● Amazon Web Services, Lambda, Serverless, EC2, SES, RDS, S3, CloudFront, Glacier, Route53, IAM, Elastic BeanStalk, SQS, SNS
● RackSpace Cloud, RightScale, Scalr
● Digital Ocean, GoDaddy, 1&1, HostGator, HostMonster, HostNine, BlueHost
● InMotion, Yahoo Small Business, ServerPronto, MediaTemple Project Management/Issue-Tracking Software
● Github, JIRA, YouTrack, Trac, Launchpad, Redmine, FogBugz, Bugzilla, Assembla
● Trello, PivotalTracker
CMS
● Strapi, Dato, Wordpress, Shopify, Squarespace, Joomla, Magento Backend Frameworks
● CodeIgniter, CakePHP, Slim, Zend, Symfony, Laravel, PhalconPHP
● Django, TurboGears, Pylons, Flash, Tornade, web.py
● Sails.js, Express.js, Feathers.js
Databases
● NODB, MySQL, PostgreSQL(PLV8, PG/PLSQL), MariaDB, Amazon Aurora,
● MongoDB, CouchDB, CouchBase, Cloudant
● Redis, Memcached, ClusterControl
Design, Imaging and Publishing Software
● Photoshop, Illustrator, Fireworks, InDesign
● Gimp, InkScape
Backup Software
● Amazon Glacier, RSYNC/SSH, Backup Exec, DropBox, NetVault
● Encrypted Backup to S3/Dropbox
● PostgreSQL, MySQL dump and backup
Server Management/Development Software
● VirtualMin/WebMin, cPanel/WHM, Parallels
Website Optimization / Testing / Page Speed / Load
● Lighthouse, BrowserStack, WebPageTest.org
Linux/Unix Operating Systems
● Slackware, Knoppix, Gentoo
● FreeBSD, OpenBSD, PCBSD, NetBSD
● RedHat, Fedora, CentOS, Mint, PCLinuxOS
● Debian, Ubuntu, Kubuntu, Xubuntu, LFS
● OpenSUSE, CrunchBang, Sabayon, SUSE
● Mandriva, Arch, Puppy, WHAX, BackTrack 1-5, Kali Linux
● CoreOS
Virtualization
● VirtualBox, VMWare, Parallels
● Vagrant, Docker
Revision Control
● Git ( preferred ), Bazaar, Mercurial, SVN
Deployment/ Unit Testing
● PHPUnit, RSpec, Jasmine
● jenkins, travis-ci, Puppet, Chef, Grunt, capistrano, vagrant-aws Employment History
Warner Bros - Sept 2021 - June 2022
Senior Full-Stack Developer
● Developed a custom CMS using Strapi.js, React, Node.js, Next.js, Github CI, AWS, to power several custom Ecommerce frontends using React and Apollo (graphQL) leveraging Shopify API (orders and fulfillment via Shopify APIs) for company properties including Batman, Looney Tunes and DC Universe.
● Developed custom Ecommerce product launch pages using React with rich animations for popular movies and shows including the latest Batman movie, the Peacemaker HBO series, Harry Potter and DC Universe
● Created custom reusable web components using the Lit.js framework for reuse across multiple different company properties
● Created custom DB migration scripts and streamlined local development processes for the entire team.
● During the Milestone Initiative project, represented the entire dev team at shareholder meetings, worked with the lead designer to concept custom brand animations, led the development of the project site using Lit.js, AWS, s3. Tone It Up inc. - April 2019 - Sept 2021
App Consultant / Lead App Developer
● Led a team of remote and local devs for feature and product release development of the Tone It Up app.
● Developed completely new 2.0 version of the Tone It Up app for iOS and Android using React Native
● Fixed and improved existing GraphQL API using AWS, AWS Lambda, Node.js and MySQL
● Migrated React Native app to use Apollo client and new GraphQL API
● Managed developers working on the React Native app, CMS and API
● Developed a custom integration for dynamic app content powered by Markdown and Dato CMS
● Developed custom plugins using React.js for Dato CMS per company needs
● Developed custom Shopify integrations for cart abandonment and Shopify / Braze CRM integration
Sircles LLC - Nov 2018 - Feb 2020
CTO
● Created social reviews app for iOS and Android using React Native
● Modified existing backend codebase to use best practices and implemented best practices for React Native app
● Implemented features for API using Node.js and MySQL
● Redesigned and optimized Database to be more efficient and improve scalability
● Created scalable and secure infrastructure on AWS for backend using ec2 and RDS
● Led team of developers in Guatemala and Sacramento, CA to create iOS / Android app, API.
Westmax - Oct 2017 - Nov 2018
Senior Frontend / Backend / Consulting
● Created app for iOS and Android using React Native to track employees and provide them with information for their jobs
● Created admin dashboard using React.js, which shows employees location in real-time, tracking to show past locations, messaging, and many other features
● Created API using AWS, Node.js and Feathers.js with MongoDB to provide backend for the app and admin dashboard.
● Consulted owner on best practices for implementing project roadmap and best technology / services to use for the project.
● Led team of developers and designers to create iOS / Android app, API, and admin dashboard with SCRUM meetings and daily standups.
Enloop Inc. - March 2017 - Oct 2017
Senior Frontend / Backend / Consulting
● Implemented redesign of website, client dashboard, and webapp using Javascript and CodeIgniter.
● Consulted development team on best coding practices and refactored existing codebase
● Fixed issues with Java (Struts) API and implemented new features.
● Fixed issues with existing AWS Docker container structure to allow easier onboarding of new developers
● Worked with Lead Backend developer to create a roadmap for new feature implementation and testing before rollout to current user-base.
● Refactored mySQL DB structure to optimize API queries. Petting Club - New Project - April 2016 - Feb 2017 Senior Frontend / Backend / App development / Consulting
● Created pet owners community app using Apache Cordova and Ionic with Loopback
(Node.js) backend, called PettingClub (see example links)
● Consulted development team on best coding practices and modern toolset for best possible implementation.
● Created API and DB (RDS Postgres) architecture and design using Loopback (Node.js)
● Implemented AWS ElasticBeanstalk and Amazon RDS (Postgres) for optimized DB and Node.js server architecture.
● Led team of front end developers with code review during SCRUM to accomplish work within time scope.
● Designed application architecture and DB for scaling for app once in production.
● Used Gulp as a taskrunner to optimize development and productivity during development.
● Implemented best GIT practices for the team to improve workflow.
● Apache Cordova, Ionic, React.js, AWS (ElasticBeanstalk, Route53 and RDS), Loopback, Node.js, Postgres, GIT, HTML5, CSS3, Responsive, JavaScript, jQuery, REST, API, Security
MediaPoint - Code1tech - Aug 2015 - Feb 2016
Senior Frontend Developer / App development
● Built many dating apps with Apache Cordova and published them to Google Play Store
(one example:
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mediapoint.datingninja&hl=en)
● Customized several Cordova plugins to suit the needs of the company and publish them to NPM. (NPM username jwebcat)
● Integrated GCM (Google Cloud Messaging) into Cordova app for Push Notifications
● Customized Phonegap push plugin to have Android Badge Icon Notification on new push message and ability to adjust it.
● Created automated build workflow using GIT Hooks and Cordova to allow many developers to use 1 MacOS build server at once to build Cordova Android apks, automatically version, sign, and package them for upload to Google Play.
● Led team of front end developers with code review during SCRUM to accomplish work within time scope.
● Designed scalable client side architecture for the app to be added onto easily.
● Introduced GIT and other development tools to the development team for improved workflow.
● AWS, Apache Cordova, Phonegap, MySQL, HTML5, CSS3, Responsive, JavaScript, jQuery, REST, API, Security
Genie App - December 2014 - Aug 2015
Senior VP of frontend development
● Advanced Angular MVC architecture and high level scalability
● Led team of front end developers with code review with ease
● Built and created architecture for complex custom angular widgets
● Created completely custom dashboard and CMS for Genie App
● Improved QA by introducing new tools and processes, configured team dev environments
● Set standards for both backend and frontend Git model and code standards
● Fixed bugs in backend and frontend of company code, solidified codebase, improved functionality
● AWS, SES, LAMP/LNMP, MySQL/PostgreSQL, Redis, Memcached, HTML5, CSS3, Responsive, JavaScript, REST, API, Security
Theory Inc. - March 2014 - March 2016
● Senior frontend / backend development of web sites and web applications for fortune500 companies such as 7-11 and St. Regis hotels
● Custom WordPress, and Magento theme development and customization
● Advanced booking system API integration for tour booking system
● Complex UI development with mobile and tablet optimized animations and transitions
● Web app development with HTML5 / javascript and compiling to native using Phonegap / cordova for all SDKs.
● Built custom CMS for managing app content using Angular, Node.js, and Parse DB.
● Database planning, database optimization, infrastructure/feature planning, scalability
● Improved QA by introducing new tools and processes, configured team dev environments
● Fixed bugs in backend and frontend of company site, solidified codebase, improved functionality
● AWS, React, Node.js, SES, LAMP/LNMP, MySQL/PostgreSQL, Redis, Memcached, HTML5, CSS3, Responsive, JavaScript, REST, API, Security Self-Employed - Sept. 2012 - Feb. 2014
● Full-Stack Web Development
● UI / UX design / development
● Design / Development of WordPress themes for Themeforest
● Server configuration and web-app / website / application deployment, AWS, Node.js, chef, puppet, docker, vagrant
Cyberlab - Jan 2011 - Dec 2014
● Engineered and created scalable web applications written in PHP, MySQL, jQuery, Zurb Foundation, and Twitter Bootstrap
● Design / Development of WordPress themes
● UI/ UX design / development for custom web-app test using javascript and HTML5 local storage.
● Custom third party API integration for Lime cellular and wooCommerce
● Recurring Subscription custom integration for wooCommerce
● Shopify development / theme modification
● Migrations to / from Ubuntu Linux / CentOS servers on AWS. Victorian Cowgirl - Feb. 2009 - 2016
● Designed, engineered and developed scalable web applications written in PHP, MySQL, jQuery and Zurb Foundation
● Optimized performance of WordPress site from 19sec. page load to 6sec.
● maintain and update ecommerce store for 5+ years
● Fixed bugs in magento shop and sliced PSD and implemented design for order page
● AWS EC2, Node.js, SES, RDS, CQRS, Laravel, jQuery
● Created automation and update scripts during development and for ease of deployment Work Examples
Senior Full-Stack Developer / Senior App Developer (iTunes Store, Google Play Store) Warner Bros
● https://milestone.dcuniverse.com/
● https://shop.looneytunes.com/
● https://shop.dc.com/
Tone It Up
● https://apps.apple.com/us/app/tone-it-up-workout-fitness/id1252077383
● https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.toneitup.android&hl=en_US&pageId= none
Westmax
● https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.westmax Petting Club
● https://itunes.apple.com/sc/app/pettingclub-beta/id1163486170?mt=8
● https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.pettingclub.app Hookspot
● https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mediapoint.hookspotapp&hl=en Lead Front-End Developer
● http://victoriancowgirl.com
● http://www.frontseatchronicles.com/
● https://enloop.com/
● https://statesocialhouse.com/
● https://www.fontdiner.com/
● http://bluedolphinkauai.com/
● http://guildsmithproductions.com/
Contact info
Cell 818-***-****
Email ads4by@r.postjobfree.com
Github, Twitter, CoderWall - @jwebcat
Contact this candidate