**** ********** **
ARLINGTON, TX, *****
321-***-****
adtfpp@r.postjobfree.com
Michael Angel

SKILLS
React.js/Redux/Hook Next.js Javascript Typescript AWS Lambda AWS Elastic Beanstalk HTML/CSS Bootstrap TailwindCSS Material-UI Blockchain Web3.js Ethers REST Swagger Postman WebSocket WebRTC
EXPERIENCE
Yearn Finance, United States — Contributor
DEC 2021 - PRESENT
●Developed and maintained several projects as frontend developer.
●Programmed applications using React.js, Next.js and GraphQL with the goal for well-architectured project and code reuse.
●Used Next.js instead of React.js to grow performance and upgrade into the platform for SSR and low-latency.
●Produced the user-friendly and mobile-responsive interface that resulted in 5% increase in popularity.
Arc Market, United States — Frontend Lead Developer
APR 2018 - NOV 2021
●Supervised 6-person team.
●Analyzed the business requirements, documented roadmap of development.
●Used React.js, Web3.js and Ethers to build several dapps for the main app and nft-marketplace.
●Implemented attractive website by pixel perfect with figma design and dynamic animations using CSS.
●Conducted full life-cycle software development in multiple software environments.
●Performance and security monitoring using New Relic, and improved dapp based on this result.
●Detailed all aspects of software development in technical manuals and documentation for maintenance.
●Managed production, test and beta website.
Learnt, United States — Frontend Developer
OCT 2015 - FEB 2018
●Developed an online teaching system with an experienced Agile Team.
●Completed Video conference and Messaging system using WebRTC and WebSocket.
●Developed basic script to communicate back-end servers in order to provide real-time information.
●Unit test using Chai and Jasmine. E2E tests for user experience using Cypress.
●Constructed and documented a new software development environment using Vagrant.
EDUCATION
Texas Tech University, Texas — BS in Computer Science
JULY 2012 - JUNE 2015
Specialized in computer programming.
PROJECTS
Yearn Watch — Development & Maintenance
Yearn Watch is the all analytics for yearn vaults. It is built by Next.js, Ethers, GraphQL, and Yearn Web Lib. I built a frontend using Next.js and focused on integration with SubGraph that is modified, deployed and published by myself. On the other hand, I found some issues with the features of dapp and fixed this through brainstorming.
Arc Market — Development
Arc Market is the crypto’s command console. From the fastest swap along with low gas fee into the nft-marketplace, its entire dapp ARC. I built using React.js, Material UI, Antd, Sass, for dynamic frontend. Changed the basic script from call on web3.js into multicall on ethers.js for high performance on client aspet.
MarketMaking Pro — Design & Development
MarketMaking Pro is a B2B platform that helps business and income grow. LaunchPad Farming Staking Bridge. They want to build a staking platform from scratch that should be similar to farming interface. I used React.js and Material UI for this project. Designed a staking site architecture similar to farming. Built the site as pixel perfect with Farming Design.
Scoby Society — Development
The idea of this project came from Social Platform like Twitter, Facebook, and Linkedin. The users can connect using NFT mint, auction and sell. I built several projects for this company using React, React Native and Rust. I was in charge at Frontend Developer, but I modified some Rust codebase to fix issues.
Digible — Development
This is the Physical NFT Marketplace newly created by Agile Team. Users can create NFT by free using real things to earn. They have to input a real address to deliver NFTs if they purchased. I used Angular, Material-UI, and Moralis.
Built architecture of Moralis from scratch by myself, and integrated it with projects.
CryptoLegion — Development
This is a cutting-edge P2E NFT game on BSC that is more revolutionary than cryptomines that are built by using React.js. The client asked me to update the performance of the site on the first loading. I used MULTICALL on BSC to fetch data at one time. Built an admin panel to watch live game status in real time helps them find marketing way more easily. Deployed frontend on AWS EC2, and stored metadata on AWS Storage. Resulted in getting 3,000 users within a month.
Xamlinx — Lead & Development
The goal of the project is teaching and studying for A+ students. The student can see real Exam Answers(removed Xamlinx Watermark) by purchasing a membership fee. Used Angular for frontend, PHP for backend. I integrated Stripe, Paypal, WiseTransfer, AWS SES, SMTP, Google reCAPTCHA, and Cloudinary. Cloudinary helps me to create a new PDF from uploaded data, storing data, adding Watermark into PDF, and blurring PDF.
Learnt — Development & Documentation
As an online teaching service that anyone can teached by voted teacher by admin. Online Teaching Platform requires Angular frameworks for huge scale projects and WebRTC and WebSocket for video conference and real-time chatting systems. It’s fully tested for cross browser compatibility and mobile responsiveness.

SmartChart — Development
Chart APP for hardware engineers can design and diagram submachines. Thanks to Angular, Joint.js and Material UI, I built a project with the goal of business. Based on the progress of development, the project was growing bigger and bigger. It required changing the project into MicroFrontend as well as project architecture. Built Swagger to communicate Backend using GoLang and Frontend. I worked on building frontend for a smooth and perfect UI.
Contact this candidate