Full Stack Engineer
CONTACT
Bradley, FL, US
+1-321-***-****
adthyk@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY
Highly competent software engineer with seasoned experience designing and building responsive web and mobile applications in several industries such as financial, commercial, educational etc. Proficient with CSS and JS frameworks, with extensive knowledge of UX and user psychology. Notable achievements include boosting the conversion rate of an existing website by 101% with improved code and design.
KEY SKILLS
HTML, CSS, Javascript
React, Redux,
Typescript, Next.js
Bootstrap, Tailwind
CSS, MUI, SASS, LESS
Node.js, Express.js,
PHP, Java
MongoDB, MySQL,
PostgreSQL
Restful API, GraphQL
Algorithm, AI/ML, IOT
Git, Jira, Docker, AWS,
Kubernetes, Heroku,
Cypress, Jest
EXPERIENCE
LoanSnap - Frontend Engineer
Feb 2021 – Jun 2022
LoanSnap invented the world’s first smart loan technology that uses AI and machine learning to analyze a person’s entire financial picture, and shows them how to benefit with a smart home loan. With LoanSnap, people can stop losing money to lenders who only focus on interest rates and feel confident their home loan is the best option for them now and in the future. https://www.goloansnap.com/
Followed AGILE Methodology for the software development process, part of the cross-functional team for the application development.
Used React as a JS library to create SPA which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with the server
Implemented front-end technical solutions to meet project requirements for creation of new web pages.
Ensured unique projects complied with correct technology processes, industry best practices, and company standards.
Conducted research and assisted with new business scoping efforts, resulting in the acquisition of 4 clients. Partnered with 2 designer teams to take client wireframes from conception to implementation. Skills used: React/Next.js, Typescript, Node.js, GraphQL, Cypress, Jest EDUCATION
University of Houston
Bachelor’s degree of
Computer Science
2011-2015
o Programming languages:
C++, PHP, Python,
Javascript
o Databases and
Algorithms
o Software Architecture
o Graphic interfaces,
mobile, Internet and web
applications
Wondermed – Full Stack Developer
Aug 2017 – Dec 2020
A robust telemedicine platform for mental health providing a holistic approach to mental wellbeing. Starting with low-dose ketamine lozenges for anxiety and asynchronous psychotherapeutic support, Wondermed offers an assortment of innovative therapeutic protocols for healing.
https://www.wondermed.com/
Built an admin dashboard using ForestAdmin to manage databases
Used SQL server and Springboot framework for backend to manage posts and events
Talent Design and cost-effective plans, eye-catching designs, mobile responsive pages
Developed/programmed new functionality and features in line with functional specifications and business requirements
Integrated third party services to the backend server Skills used: ReactJS, Node.js, Typescript, Tailwind CSS, Redux, Java, ForestAdmin, SQL, AWS
DataGrail – Frontend Developer
Nov 2015 – Jun 2017
Privacy platform modern brands rely on to build customer trust and transparency. He untangles the complexity of data privacy and helps brands build privacy programs that work, giving them an easy-to-use platform to automate and scale privacy, and stays compliant with regulations like GDPR, CCPA, and CPRA. With 900+ pre-built connections with popular apps and infrastructure, the DataGrail Integrations Network is the first of its kind to detect shadow IT that may contain personal data, ensuring the most accurate data discovery. https://www.datagrail.io/
React.js development for portal development
Built and updated several web applications with a focus on creating an exceptional user experience.
Worked with microservices for payments and third-party integrations
Created informative and effective documentation, reports, and inline comments on 100% of code/work accomplished.
Search Engine Optimization and Azure Devops
Skills used: React.js, Tailwind CSS, PostgreSQL, Ruby, AWS CERTIFICATIONS
Pluralsight Front End Web Development Certification
General Assembly Web Development Certification
MOST PROUD OF
- Participated in developing an all-in-one unified training platform with talented professionals. It is a large scaled platform with all the tools and expertise we need to learn, teach and collaborate online. This was the great chance for me to develop myself from a junior to a senior full stack, and it's obviously one of the greatest moment in my developer life.
- Participated in ICPC Programming Contestant and solve the most real- world problems, fostering collaboration, creativity, innovation, and the ability to perform under pressure. Our team got high rank in the American Regional Contest
INTERESTS
Football, Music, Video Games
Contact this candidate