Nagai Yoshinori ( Senior Full Stack Developer )
A well-quali ed Full Stack Developer familiar with a wide range of programming utilities and languages. Knowledgeable of backend and frontend development requirements. Handles any part of the process with ease. Collaborative team player with excellent technical abilities offers 7 years of related experience. 100% Implementation of speci cations, fast communication, kindness, Correct Design and Meet Deadline are my development focus. I always do my best to make clients satis ed with good quality and to meet a timeline. Vancouver, BC V5R 5G9, Canada
Work Experience
Senior Full Stack Developer • Canibuild Klerksdorp OnSite December 2021 - July 2022
- Built an enterprise SaaS application using Express.js and React.
- Architected and developed a purely hook-based React front-end application.
- Built RESTful APIs using Express.js, Redis, and TypeORM.
- Integrated proper Git ow and CI/CD processes using GitLab and AWS.
- Took part in regular meetups with the team and occasional meetings with stakeholders and clients to demonstrate the project and get feedback.
- Built and maintained a reusable React component library.
- Participated in peer code reviews and mentored junior developers.
- Introduced Prettier and ESLint to ensure code quality across all team members. Blockchain Architect & Engineer • Earnbase Finance Remote November 2020 - November 2021
- Contributed to the development of Earnbase, an Ethereum-based project that aims to simplify blockchain and decentralized nance technology for mass adoption.
- Launched the $ENB token with initial liquidity mining application and on-chain/off-chain governance.
- Played a role as a multi-signature member to manage and execute important transactions for the protocol. Full Stack Dev & Data Visualization • Agnoris Remote February 2018 - October 2020
- Created several React components with D3 charts that support interactive visualizations of market data projections and analysis.
- Implemented client-side data transformations to map, lter, reduce, etc. large datasets for display in interactive SVG charts.
- Created dynamically populated data lters as dropdowns, checkbox groups, input elds, sliders, etc. in order to evaluate and pivot market data analysis charts.
- Refactored very large front-end application code to make it more modular and reusable.
- Consistently achieved 100% compliance with industry best practices. Full Stack Engineer • TopTech Informatics KK
August 2016 - February 2018
- Experienced with MERN stack development and in-depth knowledge of UI designs using complex concepts in enhancing user's experience and website performance.
- Applied emerging technologies to update and maintain site applicability.
- Designed, implemented and monitored web pages, plugins and functionality for continuous improvement. Implemented Google-based SEO and ad campaigns to meet budget speci cations. Frontend Developer • Cowell Information System
June 2015 - August 2016
- Designed REST calls using React to streamline user interface performance.
- Created mobile applications based on React, integrating Facebook's best practices for interface design.
- Updated old code bases to modern development standards, improving functionality.
- Collaborated with project managers to select ambitious, but realistic coding milestones on pre-release software project development.
Education
Tokyo University of Marine Science
and Technology
Computer Programming
2011 - 2015
Projects
Visual Build Web app
Visual Sales Tool changes the way you
sell houses, pools, and ADUs across
the United States.
Built with React + TailwindCSS + Next.js
BeyondRarity 2.0 ( beta )
Updated BR1.0 to 2.0 in July 2022.
The best NFT rarity tool combining raw
statistics with human sentiment.
Front End is powered by React +
Next.js
Xtreame Saga Fan Club NFT
Our mission is to make people’s virtual
assets real by helping digital creators
to protect their works and by providing
a trading platform powered by
blockchain.
GetTimely B2B SaaS app
Timely delivers what your business
needs, every step of the way.
Meet the software platform that
powers the hair and beauty industry
NFT SuperKluster Common Living
Voxel X Network is a decentralized,
community-driven gaming ecosystem
where creators can share and
monetize NFT assets and create
gaming experiences on the Ethereum
blockchain.
Coliving and apartments for today's
renter. Find beautiful spaces with
exceptional service, convenient
amenities, and all-inclusive options. On
common, your rent gets you more.
Credit Capital DApp
CreditCapital is a wealth management
platform created to bridge the gap
between traditional investment
networks and blockchain-powered
platforms. Its aim is to make mutual
investing and personal lending easier
and more pro table for participants.
Cab Sharing App
A Cab Sharing web app made using
Django for VIT Students. People can
create a new cab or request to join an
existing cab. Added User
authentication and password reset
using SendGrid. Deployed on heroku
using gunicorn.
Skills
Tech Stack
Node.js
React
Vue
Angular
Python
Typescript Blockchain Laravel Docker MUI
Design Tools
Illustrator Photoshop Sketch Figma Invision
Languages
English — Professional Japanese — Native or Bilingual
Contact this candidate