postgreSQ
L API
TypeOrm
HTML CSS
VS code GitHub Postman PostgreSQL
Languages
English Full Professional Proficiency
Tamil Full Professional Proficiency
Education
Bachelor of Technology in IT
PSN Enginerring College
2016-2020,
7.2 CGPA
linkedin.com/in/shiny-m
638-***-****
India
M
SRITAHI
NY
SOFTWARE DEVELOPER
EXPERIENCE
ABOUT
Creative Node js developer with 2+ years of experince in working on a large scale customer focused web
application and in developing efficient REST API using express framework. Able to adopt to any work
environment and learn the latest technologies quickly. Effective team player with excellent technical analytical and communication skills. Maintaining and upgrading product source code.
advazq@r.postjobfree.com
770-***-****
Angular
Java
C++
C
Figma Bitbucket
Bachelor of Technology in CSE 7.5 CGPA
PGP College of Engineering & Technology
2016-2020, Tirunellveli Namakkal
Creative Angular Web developer with 2+ years of experience in working on a large scale customer focused web application. Skilled in conceptualizing, designing, development, and deploying software containing logical and mathematical solutions to business problems. Dedicated to driving innovation with the ability to follow industry and technological trends, maintaining, and facilitating early adoption of innovations.
Feb 2021 - Present, Chennai
Spurtcommerce (Our Product)
Frontend Developer - Angular
February 2021 to February 2023
Actively involved in developing efficient code based on user interface and done manual testing of the application.
Used NPM for installing required node modules and other published NPM packages.
Migrated the app to a higher version, reworked the code to improve the efficiency of the application.
Worked in multiple projects and implemented new ideas based on the UI Developed image upload and video upload by using S3buckets. Implemented class diagram structured tree and maintained code with senior-level developers to develop projects for website throughout various phases of project lifecycle.
in ecommerce applications and maintained various modules for store, admin and vendor.
Implemented various charts and delivered projects on time. Collabrated
Worked
Interviewer Application
Frontend Developer - Angular
February 2021 to till present
Analyzed already existing code and worked on few modules. Continually tested the site for usability while addressing any bugs and promoted efficiency, speed and smooth functionality. Achieved product milestones by establishing design goals, reusable code priorities and deliverables.
Excellent experience in Github and clearcase for source code management and for version control.
Contact this candidate