Angular RXJS
Web Design
PHP \ Laravel MYSQL \ MongoDB
HTML \ CSS \ SCSS
State Management
Sonarqube Jenkins
Team Management Agile
Open API
GIT
jQuery
NGXS
Javascript
SKILLS
I am a highly organized, thorough and
motivated professional with 10 years of
experience in Software Development
with key focus on Front-End applications
development. Currently, I am working as
a Frontend Developer at 1VALET,
Ottawa, Canada.
I am competent in working in the
complete software development life
cycle involving Web Applications
development using Angular, Typescript,
NGXS, RxJs, Javascript, Angular
Material, PrimeNG, Bootstrap, Testing
and Debugging.
Familiar with React, Python, Node.js.
Experience in PHP, Laravel, MySQL,
jQuery
Profile
Kaushik Andani
I am willing to relocate
Ottawa, CA
+1-343-***-****
linkedin.com/in/kaushik-andani/
advn7t@r.postjobfree.com
stackoverflow.com/users/
7364302/kaushik-andani
Frontend Developer
CONTACT
CONNECT
BACKGROUND
Juriscape Legal Research - Ahmedabad, IN
Software Engineer
December 2012 - November 2014
Freelancer, Ahmedabad, IN
Web Developer
December 2014 - August 2016
Nailbiter Market Research - Ahmedabad, IN
Web Developer
Sepetember 2016 - May 2017
Managed and developed functionalities of 2 different products. Tagging product - (Laravel, MongoDB and MySQL).
Medical Roster Product coordination - ( Node.js, Angular 4, MSSQL). Daily meetings and gather requirements about projects and development. Need to do some research about companies ongoing business analysis tool development. Task assignment to Junior Developer and managed team with 2 junior developer. Full-stack PHP Developer
Sky Productivity - Ahmedabad, IN July 2017 - February 2018 Involved in development of ERP product from sketch for entire city municipal services with more than 10 modules. Develop functionalities for Smart City Product. Daily Meetings and Task assignment to Junior Developers. Gathering project requirements and meetings with BA. Worked on Angular 5, 6, Angular Material, Bootstrap as front-end technologies. Managed Team with 2 Junior Developers (Task assignments, Progress reports, Trainings, Management). Train and mentor junior team members in technologies relevant to the projects. Nascent Info - Ahmedabad, IN
Senior Software Engineer
March 2018 - September 2018
Develop and manage fund and assets management angular application for Capital Group. Perform Unit testing with Jasmine and Karma.
Angular 7, 9, 10, 11, Angular Material, Tabulator, Ng-Zorro, PrimeNg, Bootstrap, NgXs library for State Management. Provides application software development services or technical support in situations of moderate complexity. Execute projects with implementation of projects on time along with maintaining high quality. Upgrade product to Angular 11 and IndexDB for better cache performance as well as state management with NgXS. Finance investment bank related services provider product for Credit Suisse on site location role. Development of widgets and scripts for ServiceNow platform as per requirements. Have to complete sprint bases assigned works and have to support releases on periodic basis. Development of Angular application from sketch using latest version. Manage and configure application with Jenkins and Sonarcube. Unit test with Jasmine and Karma.
Luxoft, a DXC Technology Company - Krakow, PL
Senior Software Developer
December 2018 - April 2022
Design, write and improve clean front-facing code
Develop functional web applications and user-friendly web pages Deploy Single Page Applications (SPA)
Latest version of Angular, CSS, SCSS, HTML, Karma, Jasmine Write unit-testing code
Troubleshoot and debug applications
Collaborate with Product Managers, Designers, Developers and Testers Follow emerging technologies
1VALET - Ottawa, CA
Frontend Developer
May 2022 - Present
EXPERIENCE
Wyższa Szkoła Gospodarki Euroregionalnej im.
Alcide De Gasperi
Master in Business information systems
2018 - 2020
Saurashtra University
Bachelor in Computer Application
2009 - 2012
EDUCATION
Contact this candidate