Sophie Wong
Frontend Developer
adw49b@r.postjobfree.com
Singapore
SKILLS
HTML
CSS
JavaScript
Python
React
jQuery
Redux
Angular
Jest
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science
Singapore Institute of Technology
2014 – 2018 Singapore
SUMMARY
Front-End Developer with proven experience at Zillow and HubSpot in helping companies create and maintain a better code base for reusability. Capable of continuous learning from senior developers while still nurturing junior developers. Experience in driving projects forward as the development team leader, facilitating projects from concept to launch. Passionate about learning and development with a desire to apply skills on a larger development team at Redfin. Eager to tackle more complex problems and continue to find ways to maximize user efficiency. EXPERIENCE
Front-End Developer
HubSpot
May 2020 – Current Remote
· Developed membership, event, and legal platform technology solutions, and automated internal processes.
· Generated $50K+ in annual ad revenue as a system administrator of a large network of websites.
· Designed and implemented web applications along with 3rd-party software integrations as a web team liaison for all interdepartmental and customer-facing projects.
· Developed a node.js server to validate membership and track digital badges being used, saving the company $22.5K.
· Mentored 6 team members, enabling them to achieve professional growth and personal goals.
Software Engineer
Zilllow
July 2018 – May 2020 Remote
· Developed real estate valuation, analytics, and platform technology solutions as part of a 5-person team.
· Designed and developed Zestimate, which manages a volume of 600k+ valuations per month.
· Reduced average valuation review time by 46%, and saved service providers an average of 84% due to click-fee reductions.
· Rebuilt 4-year-old SaaS application in React 15 and Redux with full user experience redesign to release a beta MVP in 8 months.
· Integrated an automated property valuation model fed by machine learning Python data.
· Created non-technical descriptions of operations and workflow to enable non-coding team to function with minimal interruption.
Contact this candidate