WILL JIN
Corpus Christi, TX ***** 863-***-**** adw5co@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Summary
Logical and results-driven Web Developer bringing in-depth knowledge of latest technology trends to build and optimize user-focused websites for customers with various business objectives. Experience handling complex HTML and CSS coding, design and extensions to meet organization's front-facing internet needs. Detail-oriented collaboration with others to define project expectations and demand. Hands-on testing and debugging to address inconsistencies and maintain performance thresholds. Judicious and creative when crafting effective websites, apps and platforms to propel competitive advantage and revenue growth. Technically proficient and analytical problem solver with calm and focused demeanor. Skills
React.js
TypeScript
Angular.js
Redux
Node.js
PHP
SQL Expertise
Code Debugging
JavaScript Expertise
SDLC Processes
Best Practice Implementation
Debugging
Work History
Frontend Developer 04/2020 – 03/2023
Trinity Tech
Released 2 NFT marketplaces integrating front-end assets to blockchain systems.
Made recommendations for new technology integration based on suitability and alignment to business goals.
Worked in Agile-driven environment to effectively maintain project timelines and utilize available resources.
Boosted web traffic by improving navigation and rectifying bottlenecks.
Conducted unit testing to deliver optimal browser functionality.
Completed full redesigns of existing websites to improve navigation, enhance visuals and strengthen search engine rankings.
Frontend Developer 06/2018 – 04/2020
Radian
Collaborated with stakeholders during development processes to confirm creative proposals and design best practices.
Translated UX and business requirements into elegant code solutions.
Followed SDLC best practices within Agile environment to produce rapid iterations for clients.
Teamed on user-centric design strategy in translation of UX and business requirements into coded solutions.
Performed user experience quality assurance testing to identify and remedy shortcomings.
Advocated for well-tested and documented, high quality code. Frontend Developer 01/2017 – 06/2018
Comcast
Designed REST calls using React to streamline user interface performance.
Managed full-cycle design tasks, handling phases from conception to completion while maintaining guidelines throughout.
Collaborated with stakeholders during development processes to confirm creative proposals and design best practices.
Produced websites compatible with multiple browsers.
Pinpointed user experience issues to devise targeted suggestions for improving user experience.
Frontend Developer 09/2014 – 12/2016
Capco
Produced websites compatible with multiple browsers.
Conceived and built optimized landing pages in HTML and CSS for integration and cross- browser compatibility.
Developed designs to meet specific requirements such as quick-loading sites with particular layouts.
Generated design frameworks designed to encourage maximal user response rates to ad placements.
Took concepts and produced design mockups and prototypes to strengthen designs, enhance user experiences and improve site interactions. Web Developer 06/2013 – 09/2014
Drifting Creatives
Implemented technical requests for internal web applications.
Assisted in transitioning the company’s PHP procedural code into their object-oriented programming environment while following PHP-FIG guidelines.
Troubleshot websites receiving incomplete data from external APIs using jQuery.
Researched emerging web technologies and trends for possible incorporation into sites.
Developed the mockups by coding and testing it’s corresponding models, views, and controllers.
Education
Bachelor Science: Computer Science 05/2013
Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi, TX
Contact this candidate