Aisulu Imankulova
Frontend Developer
Summary
I am a result oriented skilled Frontend Developer with 2+ years of industrial experience in building, deploying and integration processes using HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, and React JS. Professional knowledge of Context API, React Hooks, Redux, and other Frontend tools, libraries, and frameworks. Always passionate about learning and following up with the latest technologies, design, and user experience.
Work History
CargoFleet - Frontend Developer
Chicago, IL 01/2021 – Current
Implementing reusable UI components with React, React Hooks, and managed application state – Redux.
Develop reusable user interface components in React.
Implement sign up/login authorization with Firebase.
Use React Router for SEO optimization.
Convert class components into functional components with hooks for performance boost of 25% and code readability.
Collaborate with back-end team to build CRUD application using Redux-Toolkit.
Add Material-UI components and increased productivity by 25%.
Implement search bar with debouncing, client-side sorting and filtering functionalities with the React Table Library.
Develop user authentication and pagination features, and improved performance by 20%.
Manipulate and generate UI based on POST API.
Adding unit test to React components using React Testing Library.
Using JIRA applications to track bugs, stories, epics, and other tasks for project management.
Accounting & Tax Services Office LLC - Bookkeeper
Brooklyn, NY 10/2017 - 12/2020
Completed tax forms in compliance with legal regulations. Iscador AG - Employee of Distribution, Packaging & Supply Chain
Arlesheim, Switzerland 06/2012 - 12/2016
Adjusted machine settings to accommodate different items and packaging materials.
adwbaw@r.postjobfree.com
929-***-****
Brooklyn, NY 11230
Aisulu Imankulova
Technical Skills
React Redux Hooks
JavaScript
HTML
CSS SASS
Git GitHub
ES6
Postman Firebase
Bootstrap
Material UI
Reactstrap
JIRA
Soft Interpersonal Skills
Self-motivation, ability to work
independently
Open-mindedness
Communication
Teamwork
Organizational skills
Education
10/2020 Seattle, WA
Coding Dojo - Front End Developer
01/2018 Brooklyn, NY
KBCC - Accounting Fundamentals
06/2016 Basel, Switzerland
University of Basel - Master of Laws
05/2009 Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan
KNU n.a. J. Balasagyn - Master of Laws
Languages
Fluent in English, German, Russian
Kyrgyz Native
Contact this candidate