Russian
English
HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Tailwind CSS,
JavaScript, jQuery,
React.js, Next.js, Vue.js, Vuetify,
Vuex, Nuxt.js, Typescript
ASP.NET, .NET, Node.js, Express.js
MySQL, Postgre SQL, MongoDB.
AWS, HostGator
Senior Full Stack Developer
MAKSYM BEREZHNOY
I am a ambitious Full Stack Developer seeking an opportunity to work with a team that can utilize my ability to produce creative solutions.
I have successfully worked with numerous clients of define requirements design new system elements, implement new functionalities and optimize existing systems, Always create clean and expandable code.
Still, I always to learn something new my skills whenever I have the opportunity. Bachelor of Computer Science (BCompSc)
University of Poitiers US, From October 2010 to June 2013 Bachalor's Degree in Computer Science
Tokyo Institute of Technology Tokyo From October 2012 to April 2016 Full Stack Developer
Zillow Seattle, WA united states From November 2020 to July 2022 Developed real estate valuation, analytics, and platform technology solutions as part of a 5-person team.
Designed and developed Zestimate, which manages a volume of 600k+ valuations per month.
Rebuilt 4-year-old SaaS application in React and Redux with full user experience redesign to release a beta MVP in 8 months.
Created non-technical descriptions of operations and workflow to enable non-coding team to function with minimal interruption.
Deploy project by using nginx and apache.
Technologies: React.js, Redux, Nginx, Tailwind CSS, Unit testing. ASP.NET. .NET, MySQL. AJAX
Frontend Developer
Blend Kearny in united states From August 2017 to August 2022 Worked in an agile environment with weekly stand-ups, kept track of user stories/bugs in GitHub projects, and conducted 2 hours of sprint planning and sprint retrospectives per week.
Pair programmed with 3 engineers, and reviewed team’s code to provide additional perspective and catch previously missed errors.
Tested React components using Jest.
Technologies: React, Jira, Github, Jest.
Web Developer
DTX New York, united states From August 2015 to August 2017 Participated in the initial wave of developers learning and implementingthe Vue.js Vuetify and Laravel
Rewrote HTML to meet industry and company standards for SEO and Accessibility. Tested, debugged, and shipped 10s of 1000s of lines of code to various development teams.
Utilized HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to create 100+ responsive landing pages for both company and client.
Technologies: Vue, Vuetify, Vuex, laravel, Axios.
adwory@r.postjobfree.com
Ul.severnoe Koltso, bld. 55
Date of birth 09/05/1995

Almaty, Kazakhstan
(727-***-**-**
Single
-
-
-
-
-
LANGUAGES
SKILLS
EDUCATION
WORK EXPERIENCE
Contact this candidate