Maksym BEREZHNOY
Senior Frontend Developer
It is my wish to become the Lode Star that always illuminates the right path. I love my job and find my joy and success in your success. Always the desire for learning and the steady power of inquiry will lead me to a higher place.
The boundless sea of learning, endless creativity, and the drive to create new things are my characteristics.
Languages
English
Computer skills
HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Tailwind CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, React.js, Next.js, Vue.js, Vuetify, Vuex, Nuxt.js, Typescript ASP.NET, .NET, Node.js, Express.js
MySQL, Postgre SQL, MongoDB.
AWS, HostGator
Education
Work experience
adwor0@r.postjobfree.com
Ul.severnoe Koltso, bld. 55
Date of birth 09/05/1995
Almaty, Kazakhstan
(727-***-**-**
Single
Bachelor of Computer Science (BCompSc)
From October 2010 to June 2013 University of Poitiers US, Bachalor's Degree in Computer Science
From October 2012 to April 2016 Tokyo Institute of Technology Tokyo Full Stack Developer
From November 2020 to July 2022 Zillow Seattle, WA united states Developed real estate valuation, analytics, and platform technology solutions as part of a 5-person team.
Designed and developed Zestimate, which manages a volume of 600k+ valuations per month.
Rebuilt 4-year-old SaaS application in React and Redux with full user experience redesign to release a beta MVP in 8 months. Created non-technical descriptions of operations and workflow to enable non-coding team to function with minimal interruption. Deploy project by using nginx and apache.
Technologies: React.js, Redux, Nginx, Tailwind CSS, Unit testing. ASP.NET.
.NET, MySQL. AJAX
Frontend Developer
From August 2017 to August 2022 Blend Kearny in united states Worked in an agile environment with weekly stand-ups, kept track of user stories/bugs in GitHub projects, and conducted 2 hours of sprint planning and sprint retrospectives per week.
Pair programmed with 3 engineers, and reviewed team’s code to provide additional perspective and catch previously missed errors. Tested React components using Jest.
Technologies: React, Jira, Github, Jest.
Laravel Vue Full Stack Developer
From August 2015 to August 2017 DTX New York, united states Participated in the initial wave of developers learning and implementingthe Vue.js Vuetify and Laravel
Rewrote HTML to meet industry and company standards for SEO and Accessibility.
Tested, debugged, and shipped 10s of 1000s of lines of code to various development teams.
Utilized HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to create 100+ responsive landing pages for both company and client.
Technologies: Vue, Vuetify, Vuex, laravel, Axios.
Contact this candidate