PAUL OKWECHIME

SUMMARY
**+ years of experience building frontend applications and technologies using AngularJS, Angular 2+, …, 14, Angular Material, Ionic 4 /5, React, Bootstrap, JQuery, Ajax, UI, Ajax, Jasmine, Karma and Jest for code testing, HTML, CSS.
Strong experience building applications and technologies using React.
Experience using React-Router, React-Hooks, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, SASS, Boothstrap, Material, and many theming tools, ES6, Axios, HttpClient, State management etc.
Experience as a UI/UX Designer with development experience building frontend UI (User interface) from design wireframes.
Created new arms of business for my organization, by implementing new applications and technology, that put them in an advantage over competition – such as developed document management system. Innovative way to manage loans, talking with product and bringing their ideas to light via application engineering.
Developed a user friendly mortgage loan management system for my organisation, which increased customer subscription by 23% due to innovation.
In health care industry, I lead and worked on a team that built the new tele-health technology, which helped better connect my employer’s doctors to their patient without the limitation of location, but also helped during the covid period to save lives through coding.
Led the development team in a financial institution in creating personalization’s for their customers via an innovative technology, where users can choose which screen they want to see. This helped create the personalization feeling which greatly increased customer use of the application and thus company profit.
Listened to user feedback, talked with product and jointly planned a programming course of action to meet the concerns, and factored those into development in application version updates.
Won 3 awards for programmer of the year in the organization.
Creatively and innovatively inventing solutions via web technology.
Experience with NodeJS using relational databases (MySQL), PostgreSQL, and/or NoSQL databases (MongoDB).
7+ years of experience in designing and developing hybrid applications using Ionic, Cordova and Angular 2+/4/6/7/8 for Android, iOS and Windows platform.
Experience in developing single page responsive Web UI using HTML 5, Angular, Bootstrap, CSS 3, JavaScript and JQuery.
6+ years of experience as a PHP Web Application Developer and Software Engineer in development and implementation of client/server, Drupal and web-based applications and developing e-Commence applications.
Strong experience in software design and development in Cloud (AWS) based services: AWS S3, RDS, Lambda, CI/CD and AWS Pipeline.
Spearheaded various innovations in organizational technology, solution providing and application development.
Converted the old student management application into a mobile application, making it easier for organization processes, like access control, capturing clients biometrics, registering users, were all done on the new innovative mobile application from the comfort of their phones
Experience with Multi-repo usage in frontend applications (Like micro-services)
Code reviews and technical lead experience
Experience with reviewing, analysing, modifying, testing, debugging, and documenting programming systems.

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science, Concentration Statistics (Double major)
Master’s Degree

EXPERIENCE

Infosys LTD December 2020 – Date
Technical lead Frontend
Responsibilities:
Created new arms of business for my organization, by implementing new applications and technology, that put them in an advantage over competition - such as developed document management system. Innovative way to manage loans, talking with product and bringing their ideas to light via application engineering.
Developed a user friendly mortgage loan management system for my organisation, which increased customer subscription by 23% due to innovation.
Upgraded the application using modern day standards for code and application quality optimization.
Consumed API's and data source’s in the application at all levels using RXJX best practices.
Codded many new features as well as improved the code level of the team’s application.
Helped guide the team code quality, via code reviews and feedback during meetings
Worked with the software team to create Angular UI interfaces
Deployed written code to Azure CI/CD pipeline
Used RXJS extensively for data organisation and presentation in the UI
Worked with backend developers to plan fine tune and consume API services
Started several mortgage bank projects, and managed mortgage banks UI development
Setup frontend UI for several large mortgage bank brands
Participated in several planning meetings with Product team to synchronize their goals with development.
Code reviews, and code approvals for pre-pipeline run
Interviewing / Training new development staff
Converted UX designs to UI in angular
Recommend and executed modern UI design trends
Perform several Angular upgrades, plugin upgrades, bootstrap, material upgrades
Work with devOps as much as needed
Explain technical terms / implementations to product in order to meet their needs.
Unit testing of code
Created login forms, contact forms, backend levelled access to the admin provider and client user
Created Authentication and authorization for the backend application using OAuth and Microsoft Azure
Angular / JavaScript RXJS for handling and manipulating data in the UI
Created several registration, contact, login forms, and integrated it with spring security.
Created sorting algorithms for data presentation from API's
Optimised speed by using RXJS, Observables and application state management
Developed the applications functionality using JQuery and JavaScript
Created sorting algorithms for banking information and data.

Environment: Angular 8 / 10, 12, 14, Angular Prime, Material, React, Azure, bootstrap, ES6 JavaScript, PostgreSQL, Agile.

Vedus Health, CA December 2019 – November 2020
Senior Frontend Developer
Responsibilities:

I lead and worked on a team that built the new tele-health technology, which helped better connect my employer’s doctors to their patient without the limitation of location, but also helped during the covid period to save lives through coding.
Worked as a UI designer and developer of the Angular PWA applications for mobile, offline and web, taking the application from wireframes into a real usable application.
Personally worked on creating / integrating the link between the application and tele-health resources via the use of API’s and endpoints.
Worked in an Agile environment. Utilized Jira for post scrum and to track progress and issues.
Utilized web pack for bundling Angular 7 & 8 typescript files and added environment level configurations for dev, test/QA and production environments.
Utilized ivy for compiling the application after upgrading to latest angular 10 and added environment level configurations.
Developed using typescript throughout the application - for all app interfaces, components, directives, angular classes, constructors / dependency injections etc. Typescript was used with visual studio ide in combination with ES6 JavaScript syntax.
Developed the medical enterprise applications in Angular 7,8 &10 with Typescript and extensively implemented RXJS (reactive extension) for using Observable sequences to allow async data streams and state management with out of the box RXJS operators.
Utilized promises and observables (RXJS) for consuming Restful services, manipulating and displaying relevant data to the UI templates.
Developed multiple screens (contact, registrations, login, scheduling, bookings etc) with Angular 7, 8, & 10’s reactive-driven forms. Applied form-builders, form-groups, form-controls to handle child components of the reactive forms
Utilized angular lazy loaded modules to modularize the application into smaller manageable feature segments.
Used custom directives, custom pipes for particular functionality and manipulation data.
Utilized angular flex layouts and @media queries for creating the responsive app’s UI layouts, maximizing css and SCSS.
Implemented the use of Angular Material components for different components/screens in the application e.g. dates input, form validation for doctors, menu / responsive sidenav for PWA mobile users, buttons, badges, cards etc.
Created pixel perfect responsive layout for both mobile and desktop users from UX designs.
Utilized custom components in creating UI/UX designs for the VedusHealth UI application - Creating Headers, footers, side bars etc. Also created many feature components, for specific functionality (like scheduling availability components, bookings, calculating and displaying users payments for services, modal components displaying different features)
Testing: Also ran unit tests on my components using Karma and Jasmine/Jest
Efficiently used Google Chrome developer tools and visual studio ide for debugging the applications.
Involved in Java backend development using Spring Boot and Hibernate and connecting to 3rd party libraries.
Involved in Web Service/Rest API/CRUD and development of backend services for application.
Involved in database planning, designing and DB object mapping relationship management with Hibernate and JPA using PostgreSQL.
Coded web hybrid application, using Ionic 4 and Angular 7/8/9.
UI design of platform using Ionic 4 (Progressive Web App) and Angular 7/8/9.
Created login forms, contact forms, backend levelled access to admin provider and client user.
Developed applications functionality and connect to Blink Session.
Utilized Gulp, Webpack and NPM to compile applications.
Created backend for managing posts and all content on website.
Created authentication and authorization for backend application using Spring Security.
Implemented authentication and authorization for UI frontend.
Used Angular/JavaScript RXJS for handling and manipulating data in UI.
Utilized Java 8 Streams and Lambda Functions for Java based backend.
Utilized Angular Reactive to create all forms needed for project validations.
Worked with RXJS and observables and promises to consume Restful API’s
Deployed UI application using Amazon S3 and Code Pipeline.
Implemented CI/CD (Continuous Development/Integration) and maintained development transparency using JIRA.
Optimized application for offline using Ionic 4 PWA (application also works offline).
Optimized speed by using RXJS, observables and application state management.
Developed applications functionality using JQuery and JavaScript.
Created a service for video calls and conferencing between client and doctor.
Assisted in deploying of application backend on a continuous development and continuous integration AWS pipeline.
Listed doctors and link list item search form for user input to search existing database for that keyword.
Created all registration, contact and login forms and integrated with Spring security.
Registered doctors, providers and client users. Provided a list of doctors and assigned clients to their choice of doctors. Enforced online payment for doctor services.
Created sorting algorithms for doctor data.
Environment: React, Angular 7/8/9/10, Ionic 4 /5 PWA, Java 8, Spring Boot, Hibernate, ES6 JavaScript, PostgreSQL, Amazon S3, Amazon Code Commit, Amazon EC2, CI/CD (Continuous Development/Integration), Agile, JIRA and Adobe Photoshop.

Upwork, Los Angeles, CA April 2019 - November 2019
Senior Frontend Developer
Responsibilities:
Upgraded telecommunications NoCable app, adding to its functionality. The app offered location based telecommunication services. Added features to its functionality and tracking system.
Assigned planning/developing backend services, data base design and development.
Maintained web applications and designed new ones as needed.
Created all forms using reactive forms, added validations for all fields, and asynchronous validations were included for usernames / emails / phone from a database. I also, displayed all errors and wrote unit tests for all my forms.
Utilized custom components in creating UI/UX designs for the Vedus UI application - Creating Headers, footers, side bars etc. Also created many feature components, for specific functionality (like scheduling availability components, bookings, calculating and displaying users payments for services, modal components displaying different features)
Testing: Also ran unit tests on my components using Karma and Jasmine/Jest.
Worked in an Agile environment using Jira to track progress, reports and issues.
Developed using typescript throughout the application - for all app interfaces, components, directives, angular classes, constructors / dependency injections etc. Typesctipt was used with visual studio ide in combination with ES6 JavaScript syntax.
Enhanced the legacy application by building new custom components in Angular and typescript.
Developed single page applications using Angular, Typescript, web pack and grunt.
Extensively utilized RXJS for consuming Restful services
Worked with Angular and Ionic to upgrade a hybrid mobile application, APK for android and iOS was used. Created manual data page as a fall back in case of internet fluctuation.
Added a Cordova plugin camera scan functionality to application to scan guests into property.
Involved in backend development using Spring Boot and Hibernate and Mock Testing.
Utilized Angular Reactive to create all forms needed for project validations.

Used Web Service/Rest API for development of backend services for application.
Created login forms, contact forms, backend levelled access to admin.
Developed applications functionality.
Designed a new UI (User Interface) for a migrated web apps/websites.
Created backend for managing posts and all content on website.
Worked on several modules (blogs, search directory, policies, forms and protocols) which provided ability for co-workers to manage and search.
Worked on custom content type creation, Views building, custom module development including Features, and importing of old site users and content
Utilized Gulp, Web pack and NPM to compile applications.
Used Angular Framework for building web-apps using Spring Boot Framework and Restful Services. Developed and connected application to 3rd party libraries.
Used JavaScript i.e. Angular in application and created user backend access at different levels.
Designed forms and user interfaces for administrator.
Created user management for clients and user interfaces for users.
Created initial design to determine look and feel of website.

Christ Embassy, San Antonio, TX January 2019 - March 2019
Full Stack Developer
Responsibilities:
Involved in UI design and redesign of frontend platforms using Angular 2+( Angular 3/4/5/6/7).
Involved in content management design, installation and management.
Involved in backend development using Spring Boot and Hibernate, Mock Testing.
Used Web Service/Rest API for development of backend services for application.
Performed database administration of websites - 2 WordPress websites and 1 coded web hybrid application, using Ionic and Angular.
Created login forms, contact forms and backend levelled access to admin.
Developed applications functionality.
Responsible for database backups of websites.
Designed a new UI (User Interface) a migrated web apps/websites from WordPress to an OOP PHP coded CMS (created Content Management System).
Created backend for managing posts and all content on website.
Served as IT/social media team leader.
Created and managed existing application as requested and responded to user's feedback. Upgraded application and trained programmer trainees.
Involved in database routine backups.
Provided database on official request, mail dispatch application creation, maintenance and upgrade.
Worked as a Graphics Designer of project. Involved inn UI design of platform.
Created item search form for user input to search existing database for keywords.
Optimized application for speed by using Google cloud and app engine. Due to large database of items MySQL was too slow for this project.
Developed applications functionality using JQuery and JavaScript.
Created a web service for application to access Google cloud database of items into application.
Assisted in hosting of application on Google Cloud.

RCCG Long Beach, Los Angeles, CA December 2017 - December 2018
Full Stack Developer/Java Web Programmer/Android Mobile App Developer
Responsibilities:
Utilized Angular Reactive to create all forms needed for project validations
Involved in UI design of platform using Android XML and performed JPA and Spring Mock Testing.
Created Web Services to execute backend support and created backend report page using Object Oriented PHP, JQuery, Ajax and JavaScript.
Worked with application development team to ensure proper integration between mobile and web application and used Android Studio for development - Android XML UI.
Developed Web Services for user login screens and data upload functionalities for guest based Android app with understanding of CSS principles with a clear ideology for managing maintainable, scalable and cross-browser code.
Worked in object oriented JavaScript programming and JavaScript Spring MVC Frameworks.
Used various bootstrap components like accordion, date picker, time picker, alert and buttons.

Mission Support January 2013 - December 2017
Programmer/Android Mobile App Developer
Won 3 awards for programmer of the year organization wide.
Spearheaded various innovations in organizational technology, solution providing and application development.
Converted the old student management application into a mobile application, making it easier for organization processes, like access control, capturing clients biometrics, registering users, were all done on the new innovative mobile application from the comfort of their phones.
Utilized Angular Js 1.x, angular 2+ to build 2 front end web application which consumed a PHP backend restful api’s.
Also utilized Ionic 1 & angular Js 1.x to migrate the access control mobile application from Java to Angular Javascript 1.x.
Upgraded the application to use QR Codes to scan in students from an android mobile application
Worked with a team in developing the UI and Webservices for the Android access control application
Managed, maintained, and upgraded the reporting back end of the web application using PHP and JavaScript / JQuery.
Created the school biometrics and attendance application using angular Js 1.0 and Ionic.
Worked closely with the Application Development team to ensure proper integration between Mobile and Web application
Used Android Studio for development - Android XML UI
Responsible for developing web services for the user login screens and data upload functionalities for the Guest based Android app
Served as the IT Team leader, creating and managing existing application as requested. Responded to user’s feedback. Upgraded application and performed routine backups. Provided database on request. Responsible for maintenance and upgrade. Led team in providing zenith solutions, software updates and hosting of application

Environment: PHP, webservices, REST API, JavaScript, Angular, ionic, Ajax, MySQL, SQL, Java, Android XML, Bootstrap, CSS3, HTML5

Empowered 4 Wealth June 2010 - December 2012
Programmer/Web Developer - Product Development

TECHNICAL SKILLS
JavaScript Frameworks
Angular, React, Node.js, JavaScript ES6/ES5, JQuery, Ionic (Hybrid Development), PhoneGap. UI/UX, Ionic 4/5, Angular (Angular Fire/Auth, OAuth2/Firebase/Authorization, Angular Material and NGBootstrap), Unit Testing Skills with Karma, Jest and Jasmine.
Java Technologies
Java, Spring, Spring Boot, Java 7 Certified, Java 8, Java 11, Android SDK, Android XML, Hibernate, Rest API, Streams/Lambda Functions, Tomcat, Android XML (Architect Design and Develop Solution using Java and Android XML), Mockito (Mock Testing and JUnit), Streams and Lambda Expressions.
PHP Frameworks
Laravel 4, Laravel 5+, Drupal and Code Igniter 2/3.
Web Technologies
HTML 5, CSS 3, JavaScript, AJAX, JSON, Restful and Web Services.
Databases
MongoDB, AWS RDS, PostgreSQL, MySQL, SQL, SQLite, NoSQL, Google Cloud, Reddit, Oracle and AWS.
AWS Services
AWS S3, AWS Lambda, AWS Code Commit, AWS Code Pipeline, AWS RDS, AWS Elastic Beanstalk, AWS Code Build and AWS EC2.
Content Management Systems
WordPress, Joomla and Drupal.
XML
Android XML.
Application Servers
Tomcat, NodeJS and Oracle.
Scripting Languages
Python.
Version Control
AWS Code Commit, GIT Bucket, GIT and GitHub.
Operating Systems
Windows, Linux.
IDEs
Visual Studio Code, IntelliJ, Eclipse, Sublime, Android Studio, PyCharm, PHP Storm, NotePad++.
Contact this candidate