Mounica M
Front End Developer

adwsyj@r.postjobfree.com 913-***-****

Professional Summary
Having 8+ Years of Professional experience in developing User Interface (UI) Applications and professional web applications using HTML 4.0/5, CSS2/ CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, JSON, XHTML, Bootsrap and primeNG.
Good understanding on latest approaches in HTML5/CSS3 development, JavaScript frameworks JQuery.
Good Experience with JavaScript MVC framework Angular.
Implementing or exposing the Microservices based on RESTful API utilizing Spring Boot with Spring MVC.
Involved in development of REST Web Services using Spring Cloud to extract client related data from databases and used POSTMAN for testing RESTFUL API web services.
Developed RESTful Services with Java using Spring Boot. Coding for consuming the REST APIs, getting JSON response and parsing them to get the required formats.
Experience in working with the Document Object Model (DOM)and DOM Functions.
Can be able to deal with Cross Browser issues very effectively and work on almost every web Browsers Safari, Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox and Google Chrome.
Experienced in designing using latest Web Standards.
Experienced both in working on Designing table-less layouts and table-based layouts.
Expertise in Client Side designing and validations using HTML, DHTML and Java Script.
Working Experience and understanding with Firebug for Mozilla and IE Developer Toolbar for Internet Explorer, Web Inspector for Safari, Developer Toolbar for Chrome.
Created TypeScript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component based architecture provided by Angular.
Involved in unit testing of the software modules using the Karma and Jasmine JavaScript frameworks.
Participated in designing new mockups and prototype.
Good working knowledge of CSS preprocessors like SASS and LESS.
Understanding and good Experience with Object Oriented Concepts, Object Oriented JavaScript, Object Oriented Design and Implementation.
Solid expertise in developing Html pages based on DIV layout, W3C Compliance, Web Accessibility, Web Usability and Cross browser platform.
Developed automated integration tests to run on Jenkins CI (continuous integration) platform for test automation to help support bug free releases.
Hands on experience with Web Responsive using Bootstrap’s templates
Used GIT for version control.
Technical Skills
Web Technologies HTML/HTML5, CSS2/CSS3, XML, JavaScript, JSON, JQuery, Prime Ng, Angular, Node JS, Bootstrap, primeNG
Web Services SOAP, RESTful
Scripting Techniques Java Scripts, AJAX, JQuery
IDE & Tools Visual Studio, Intellij, Eclipse
Version Control GitHub, Bitbucket, Git.
Debugging Tools Chrome Developer Toolbar, IE Developer Toolbar, Safari Web Developer
Open-Source Tools Google Page speed, YSlow
Languages Java Script, Typescript, Java, PL/SQL
Other Development Tools/Libraries Adobe Photoshop, Microsoft Office 2010, Bower, Abstract, In Vision, Sketch
Database PL/SQL, MySQL.
Operating System Windows 7/8/10, MAC OS X, UNIX/LINUX
Build Tools Maven and Jenkins
Methodologies Agile

Professional Experience
PNC Bank, Pittsburg, PA Jan 2022- Present
Role: Software Developer
Responsibilities:
Actively took part in technical meetings, requirements gathering, analysis, planning, effort estimations, development, and testing.
The project operates on agile project development cycle with Bi-weekly sprints, daily standup, retrospective sessions and sprint planning.
Designed and developed the agent portal using framework Angular 11 along with HTML5, CSS3, and Typescript.
Developed a single page utilizing Angular and created typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API’s using Component based architecture provided by Angular.
Developed large-scale applications using MVVM, MVC, and MVP.
Worked on implementing directives and scope values using Angular, Typescript, primeng for an existing webpage.
Implemented HTTP requests using RxJS Observable library to handle multiple values over time.
Used REST client / POSTMAN to check the response of various APIs, Swagger UI as a visual documentation for back-end implementation and client-side consumption. Handled various exceptions based on the response.
Implemented Angular Router to enable navigation from one view to the next as agent performs application tasks.
Adopted Git for version controlling and JIRA for project tracking.
Participating the Sprint Planning and User Story Grooming sessions and suggesting can-do and cannot- do in each Sprint.
Re-designing/ developing the main website to improve user experience and add new functionality.
Involved in testing for cross browser functionalities so as to confirm the application consistency across various browsers.
Used AGILE development techniques in all the development process and exposed to tools for tracking bugs, and Rally to track the agile development.
Worked in designing the CSS templates for use in all pages on the website working with CSS Background, positioning, text, border, margin, padding, and table.

AMEX, Salt Lake, UT Sep 2020 - Dec 2021
Role: Software Developer
Responsibilities:
Designed the Front-end applications, And Mobile Application As well for user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML5, CSS3, Es6 JavaScript, Angular.
Worked as a Front-End Developer on the project with JavaScript, ES6, Angular, RESTful services, HTML5/CSS3/SASS/Bootstrap and Gitlab.
Worked in designing, developing, and testing the web application by using the HTML5, CSS3, SASS, LESS, Bootstrap, and Angular.
Involved in designing in web pages using HTML 5, XHTML, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular, Angular-Bootstrap, Node.js.
Developed presentation layer using XML, GitLab JavaScript, CSS Custom tags etc.
Developing Single Pages Application using HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, Angular Async, NodeJS, Socket, LESS.
Created web pages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, XML, JSON, JavaScript, JQuery, SASS and Angular JS for developing user interface.
Designed User Interfaces using jQuery, CSS, HTML, Bootstrap, NodeJS, and Lodash for front end view as per the requirements that are provided.
Used third party packages for Angular application. This increases the performance and efficiency of the application.
Implemented Angular-Router, Angular Redux architecture, ES6, web pack and Grunt to turn application into SPA.
Built dynamically generated dropdown lists using ES6 & Chrome DevTools.
Very Strong in developing applications using Angular, HTML5, Bootstrap, Java Script, CSS3.
Designed and implemented user interface for web-based customer application using HTML5, CSS3, Typescript, JSON.
Used Webpack and gulp for transpiration configuration for Typescript to be converted to JavaScript.
Working with Angular Router for developing Single Page Applications SPAs.

AT&T – Atlanta, GA Feb 2019 - Aug 2020
Role: Front End Developer
Responsibilities:
Involved in requirement gathering, designing, development, UI reviews, and maintenance.
Created Responsive web application using Angular, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, Node and Express.
Worked Extensively with Angular CLI for creating components, Services, pipes, Directives.
Updated the application with new features of Angular.
Worked on some of the new features of Angular 4 like new if else syntax, ng-templates, form validators.
Designed and developed the application using Angular 2 framework along with HTML5, CSS3, Type Script, Java Script, Bootstrap, Node.js, NPM.
Moved existing Angular controllers and services to Angular 2 components for more responsive and less dependency.
Enhanced legacy application by building new components in Angular 2 and typescript.
Developed single page applications using Angular 2, Typescript, web pack and grunt.
Used JIRA to keep track of bugs to reduce downtime, increase productivity, and Communication.
Design, architecture and implementation of the front end with Angular 2.
Used HTML5, CSS3, and native JavaScript components to design rich and Interactive User Interface (UI) pages.
Application backend implemented using Node.js application server.
Worked with AngularJS for creating own HTML elements for building a companied Web site which is an open-Source Project

Accenture - India Mar 2015 – Dec 2017
Role: Front End Developer
Responsibilities:
Involved in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) of project including requirement Analysis, Designing, Building, Unit testing and Deployment.
Working in the Agile/Scrum development environment with frequently changing requirements and actively participated in scrum meetings and reviews.
Using the latest HTML5 elements for video playback, content rendering using semantic tags such as article, section, Canvas etc.
Designed table-less layouts using CSS3 and appropriate HTML5 tags as per W3C standards.
Designed and Developed Web applications using CSS pre-processors SASS and LESS.
Working on developing prototypes using Node JS and Angular 2 and web compliance.
Used Grunt, web pack with node js server in ES2015 for creating Single Page Applications.
Implemented Angular 2 Router to enable navigation from one view to the next as agent performs application tasks.
Worked with NPM commands and using package.json for managing dependencies and dev-dependencies of Node js applications.
Creating a responsive web application integrating Twitter Bootstrap with Angular 2 and media queries.
Responsible to manipulate HTML5, CSS3 in JQuery as well as making the page’s dynamic using JSON and XML.
Implement UI page loading test by running test script on WebPageTest
Worked extensively on Angular, Typescript SPA domains.
Used GitLab for code repository and version control.
Developed a single page, mobile-first, cross-device/cross-browser web application for real-time location sharing utilizing Angular, JavaScript API.
Developed html views with HTML5, CSS3, bootstrap and Angular.
Developed custom directives and Services in Angular.
Using Angular 2 created Responsive Web Design (RWD) and did data manipulations to display data in company standard format in UI.

Dasha Infotech - India Jun 2013 – Feb 2015
Role: Software Engineer
Responsibilities:
Involved in all phases of the Software development life cycle (SDLC).
Created UML use case diagrams, sequence diagrams for the application using Rational Rose.
Used Scrum Agile methodology that included iterative application development, weekly Sprints, stand up meetings and customer reporting backlogs.
Designed the applications using MVC, Session, Facade, Service Locator and Business Delegate patterns.
Extensively used Spring MVC framework to develop the web layer for the application.
Used JSP and JSTL Tag Libraries for developing User Interface components.
Extensive JavaScript utilization for Business Rules and Client-side validation.
Utilized JavaScript/Struts Validator framework to validate the form data.
Developed JSP as the view, Servlets as Controller and EJB as model in the Struts Framework.
Used Spring IOC framework to wire the Spring Beans.
Implemented Spring Aspect Oriented Programming (AOP) using Spring Framework.
Developed JSP pages using Struts custom tags.
Deployed the .ear file on IBM Web Sphere Application Server.
Implemented JMS for communication by diverting the messages into a queue.
Used JUnit to write repeatable tests mainly for unit testing.
Configured Log4j for logging activity at various levels.

Education:
Bachelors in Computer Science from VT University
Contact this candidate