CONTACT
Phone: +1-360-***-****
Address: Port Orchard, WA, United States
Email: adwtg7@r.postjobfree.com
Linkedin: in/chenchrissh
PROFILE
I love writing code in a fast-paced and
challenging environment, with an emphasis
on using best practices to develop high-
quality software that meets project
budgets.
Used understanding of React
fundamentals to promote better component
lifecycle practices, increasing turnaround
speed by 23% with 100% deadline
adherence.
Communicated with other teams and
senior management to adapt 30+ clientsʼ
websites to adapt to changing industry
standards.
Introduced wider use of isomorphic
React and Node.js for web applications,
decreasing load times by roughly 35%.
SKILLS
Frontend & Backend
- Javascript, Typescript, Tailwindcss, MUI
- React, Next, Gateby, Angular, Vue
- Express, Nest, Ruby on Rails, Django
- MongoDB, MySQL, PostgreSQL
- AWS(Ec2, RDS, S3, Lambda,
CloudFront), GCP
- Git, Jira, Trello
Mobile App
- React Native(Android / iOS), Flutter
Blockchain
- Smart Contracts, Solidity, Rust
- NFT, Web3.js, Defi apps, DApps
- Ethereum, Solana, Cosmos, BSC,
Fantom, Avalanche, Polygon, Algorand,
ICP, Proxy Contract
AGILE SKILLS
Continuous learning
Always open to learning new skills
Customer focus
Always keep customer-centrism
Test-first,
Collaborative development
Chris Chen
Full Stack Engineer
EDUCATION
University of Washington - Seattle Campus
2012 - 2016
Bachelor’s Degree, Software Engineering
WORK EXPERIENCE
Zensoft IO(contract), Full Stack Engineer /Remote
6 / 2021 – 1 / 2023 (1 year 7 months)
● Developed integration and automation web platform with modern Tech Stack like Next.js, Nest.js and GraphQL designed to power your content and event strategies as part of a 5-person team.
● Managed with 3 DeFi projects(forked from Olympus Dao), Dex(forked from Uniswap), Yield Farming, Liquidity Mining Protocols.
● Built NFT Marketplace of digital art on Binance Smart Chain. Used ERC721, ERC1155 both for NFT and BEP20 for governance token.
● Designed and developed 5+ products leveraging cloud platforms
(AWS, Azure, GCP ) with a focus on time-to-market and scalability.
● Revamped websites from Restful API to GraphQL, which improved website responsiveness and reduced the database costs by 20%.
● Optimized service layers, request queues and MongoDB data model to handle request load of 74,000-96,000/sec during flash sales. Carbon Five(full-time), Full Stack Developer /Remote 6 / 2019 – 5 / 2021 (2 years)
● Developed 7 Frontend for the NFT, Defi, DEX and Dapp with React and Redux, Typescript, Scss, MUI, Chakra UI, Tailwind CSS, web3.js and ether.js.
● Used understanding of React fundamentals to promote better component lifecycle practices, increasing turnaround speed by 23% with 100% deadline adherence.
● Developed DAPP using React / Redux / Redux-Saga / React Hooks / Web3, Ether.js, and IPFS.
● Well versed experience with framework tools like Docker, Git, AWS/Azure.
● Integrated Next.js application with Ruby on Rails with deep understanding of the framework's core components, such as Model- View-Controller (MVC) architecture, ActiveRecord ORM, and ActionView templating engine.
Neighborsoft Team(full-time), Frontend Developer
6 / 2016 – 5 / 2019 (3 years)
● Developed reusable, maintainable cross-platform frontend web application components while adhering to web and team standards.
● Wrote unit tests to provide sufficient testing coverage for each developed component.
● Introduced website modernization efforts to create a better overall user experience and incorporate SEO optimization, increasing website visits from unique users by 12%.
● Resolved web application issues based on external and internal reports with 100% efficiency.
● Gained extensive hands-on experience with CircleCI, Docker, GCP + Kubernetes, Google Pub/Sub, Terraform.
Contact this candidate