323-***-****
adwzmr@r.postjobfree.com
Marrero, LA 70072
linkedin.com/treven
EDUCATION
January 2007 - December 2012
Bachelor's Degree in
Computer Science,
Osaka University
SKILL SETS
React (7 yrs)
Lit (4 yrs)
Node.js (7 yrs)
JavaScript (12 yrs)
HTML CSS BOOTSTRAP (9 yrs)
Next (5 yrs)
Flutter (4 yrs)
GraphQL (5 yrs)
Express (5 yrs)
Django (3 yrs)
Redis (4 yrs)
WebSocket (4 yrs)
JQuery (4 yrs)
Treven Adams
Senior Frontend Engineer
PROFILE
A Senior Software Engineer with 11 years of hands-on experience in designing, developing and implementing web applications and solutions using a range of technologies and programming languages. Seeking to leverage broad development experience and hands-on technical expertise in a challenging role as a senior software engineer.
TECHNICAL SUMMARY
• Expert in Rich Front-End Development with frameworks such as React, Lit and Angular
• Strong, deep knowledge of JavaScript and TypeScript
• Solid experience in REST API design and GraphQL
• Leader in innovation and staying on the forefront of technology in a rapidly changing industry KEY SKILLS
JavaScript TypeScript React React Native Lit Express.js GraphQL Node.js Python Django SQL AWS Web3 May 2019 – January 2023
Senior Frontend Engineer
BrandELab – Contract, Trenton, NJ
Node.js Lit Jasmine Express TypeScript GraphQL PostgreSQL Django AWS Lambda
Built a Shopify BigCommerce integrating application that can protect orders against damaged and stolen items.
Developed Shopify widgets utilizing Lit to integrate with E-Commerce platforms.
Built 50+ AWS Lambda functions for serverless Restful APIs.
Implemented Microservices based on Node.js and Express.js.
Used OAuth2 im implement Authorization/Authentication modules.
Performed partitioning tables of MongoDB to improve performance.
Lead a small team and mentored junior developers.
Participated in 30+ weekly code reviews to ensure code quality and system efficiency
Built a CPMS (Clinical Pathway Management System) that provides automated curing plans for doctors and nurses interacting with deep learning models.
Wrote 40+ React reusable components and optimized performance using Redux-Toolkit Query.
Used Elastic Search Engine to handle medical records of EMR.
Successfully delivered dynamic, user-friendly, cross-browser compatible frontend application by writing 80+ components using React, TypeScript, HTML5, CSS3, SASS, Chart.js, and Material UI.
Optimized frontend performance using React Virtualization and Lazy Loading. Microservice (5 yrs)
Prisma (3 yrs)
PostgreSQL (7 yrs)
MySQL (6 yrs)
MongoDB (5 yrs)
Docker (3 yrs)
Kubernetes (3 yrs)
GCP (5 yrs)
AWS (6 yrs)
Increased the code coverage up to 75% by writing 30+ unit and e2e testing cases using Jest, Jasmine and Playwright.
Worked in Scrum Environment and conducted weekly code reviews to ensure maintenance and scalability. May 2016 – April 2019
Senior Software Engineer
Microsoft – Full-time, Redmond, WA
Node.js Express.js React Angular JavaScript TypeScript Java SpringBoot C++ Django Azure WebRTC MySQL Serverless Socket.IO OAuth2
Built a platform that manages an organization’s raw data to create insightful and actionable business information and estimate the future issues and growth interacting with Deep Learning Models.
Built an authority management system implementing OAuth2 Protocol and role-based data structure in MySQL.
Managed the design, development and deployment of Azure solutions for customers using Microsoft Azure Infrastructure as a Service(IaaS) platform.
Built responsive web pages and dashboards displaying real-time data in interactive chart, graph and table format using Angular.
Ensured real-time communication between clients and servers utilizing WebRTC and socket.io.
Implemented Microservices based on Python and Django.
Increased web accessibility and optimized browser performance when rendering large quantities of data and ensured the app is user interactive and satisfying to use. August 2013 – April 2016
Senior Frontend Developer
RGen Solutions – Contract, Redmond, WA
HTML CSS React React-Bootstrap Redux TypeScript GraphQL WebRTC Java MongoDB
Built a social platform that provides online-meetings and allows musicians to save and share their songs and keep communication. Enforced administrative security with JWT authentication/authorization and password hashing encryption.
Worked with a team of 5 professionals and designed the frontend architecture.
Developed multiple dynamic and browser compatible pages using HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript and Angular with 95+% accuracy.
Took part in migrating Angular project into React project.
Setup CDN, implemented Lazy Loading and React Virtualization to improve performance.
Improved API performance using Apollo GraphQL queries and mutations .
Setup virtual environment and containerization using Docker and Kubernetes. December 2011 – July 2013
Frontend Developer
ContactGo – Contract, Los Angeles, CA
HTML CSS JavaScript jQuery Bootstrap Metronic
WordPress PHP Laravel MySQL
Learnt organization’s overall strategies, business operates, and what drives success in the business.
Built Social Platforms using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, and Metronic Template for frontend and took part in backend development utilizing Laravel and MySQL.
Worked closely with the business (Product Management) to obtain clear business requirements before and during development.
Evaluated and improved existing data systems under mentorship and supervision.
Contact this candidate