WILLIAM CHAO
FRONT END ENGINEER VANCOUVER, CANADA
DETAILS
Vancouver
Canada
adyijc@r.postjobfree.com
LINKS
Github
LinkedIn
SKILLS
HTML & CSS
React
Next.js
Vue.js
Angular.js
Typescript/JavaScript
SCSS
LESS
Tailwind CSS
Material UI
Docker
Webstorm
Webpack
Jasmine/Jest
Version Control
RESTful API
LANGUAGES
English
Chinese
PROFILE
As a Front-end Developer with expertise in React, Next, Tailwind CSS, Material UI, Angular, Vue, SASS, and LESS, I am skilled in creating responsive and dynamic user interfaces for web applications.
With experience in optimizing web applications for performance and scalability, I am committed to delivering high-quality code that meets user needs and exceeds expectations.
With a strong ability to work collaboratively and communicate effectively with designers and back-end developers, I am confident in my ability to contribute to any team and project.
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
Senior Frontend Engineer at Pieoneers, Vancouver
October 2021 — Present
• Collaborated with designers and other engineers to develop and launch a global public-benefit research project (https://www.embeddingproject.org/) using React, Typescript, SASS and MUI components.
• Designed mindmap to help in designing the layout and the user interface of the website and organizing page components, such as headers, footers, navigation menus, and content areas.
• Conducted regular audits and performance tests to optimize web applications for performance and scalability, resulting reduce the page load time.
• Participated in weekly code reviews with 4 senior developers. Frontend Engineer at RisingMax, New York City
October 2020 — September 2021
• Worked closely with designers and other engineers to build Impactful And High-Visibility Wristband Website (https://www.wristbandbuddy.com/) using Figma, React Native, React JS.
• Created MVP to provide a simple and intuitive interface that allows users to interact with the product's core functionalities.
• Built responsive pages and UI/UX components using React, Typescript and Tailwind CSS.
• Developed standard and ad hoc reports in graph format as required. Frontend Developer at Web Sharx, Toronto
March 2018 — September 2020
• Built front-ends for 20+ websites with React, Next.js, and Handlebars.js, improving user engagement and aesthetics.
• Revamped UI and app interface for e-commerce site with 200k+ monthly visitors.
• Implemented a new mobile-first strategy, resulting in standardized output and improved user experience on all devices.
• Automated image optimization with Grunt and minified JS and CSS, reducing page load times.
Junior Frontend Developer at Focused Creative, St. John's August 2015 — February 2018
• Wrote clean, maintainable, and efficient code for 6+ applications, following coding standards and best practices.
Portfolio
• Optimized 6+ applications through reviews and continuous integration while maintaining code quality and organization.
• Assisted in developing scalable and maintainable systems architecture designs and approaches.
• Developed high-quality Angular web apps and components with responsive and reliable interfaces through software testing.
EDUCATION
Bachelor' s Degree in Information Technology, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, Canada
August 2012 — May 2015
Contact this candidate