CHRISTIAN YUEN
917-***-**** adzsgn@r.postjobfree.com GitHub Portfolio New York, NY
SHOPIFY DEVELOPER FRONT-END DEVELOPER GRAPHIC DESIGNER Innovative Front-End/Shopify Developer with a keen eye for design and a passion for crafting visually stunning and user-friendly websites. Proficient at utilizing the power of Liquid templating language, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and responsive web design principles to bring innovative designs to life and ensure seamless integration with third-party tools. Experienced in developing, customizing, and optimizing Shopify themes and applications to enhance user engagement, boost conversion rates, and drive online sales. Adept at creating eye-catching branding materials, logos, and web graphics that communicate brand identity and resonate with target audiences. Committed to delivering high-quality, on-brand designs that elevate the visual appeal of projects and drive results. I’m always ready to adapt to new frameworks, languages, and technologies as they surface. With a passion for Music Production and Graphic Design, I’m skilled with Procreate, Photoshop, Illustrator, Ableton, Pro-Tools, and other audio DAWs and plug-ins. I have developed strong analytical skills and a passion for solving complex problems by using innovation and creativity. SUMMARY OF SKILLS
Programming: JavaScript, React, Liquid
Web Technologies: APIs, HTML, CSS, jQuery, AJAX, Version Control (Git), Responsive Design, Cross-Browser Compatibility Design: UX & UI Design, Procreate, Adobe Creative Suite, Prototyping and Wireframing, Audio: Ableton Live, FL Studio, Ozone, Waves, Audio Tracking, Audio Mixing Other Skills: Paired Programming, Project Scope Management, Adaptability, Time Management, Ability to Multitask, Microsoft Office, Google Suite
RECENT PROJECTS
CHITO International (Skills: Liquid, Shopify, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Procreate) - Live Site
● Custom Shopify theme, Gallery, and e-commerce store for popular artist and influencer CHITO. Jeremy Relph (Skills: JavaScript, Sass, HTML, CSS, Procreate) - GitHub - Live Site
● Created a Back to the Future themed Backronym Generator, Click through to create your newest backronym while experiencing some rad 80s vibes!
Backronym Generator (Skills: React, Firebase, JavaScript, Sass, HTML, CSS, Procreate) - GitHub - Live Site
● Created a Back to the Future themed Backronym Generator, Click through to create your newest backronym while experiencing some rad 80s vibes!
EDUCATION & TRAINING
Juno College of Technology, Web Development Immersive Bootcamp, Toronto, ON, Canada 2023 Juno College of Technology, Accelerated Javascript Course, Toronto, ON, Canada 2022 Juno College of Technology, Accelerated Web Development Course, Toronto, ON, Canada 2022 WORK EXPERIENCE
Freelance Web Developer/Shopify Developer/Graphic Designer, Christian Yuen, New York, NY, USA December 2022 – present
● Collaborated with clients to define project requirements and objectives.
● Developed custom websites and shopify themes using Liquid, HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, ensuring cross-browser compatibility and responsiveness.
● Utilized graphic design tools like Photoshop and Illustrator to design logos, banners, and other visual elements.
● Maintained open communication with clients, providing regular updates and addressing any concerns.
● Designed visually appealing user interfaces (UI) and optimized user experiences (UX) to enhance website usability.
● Created wireframes, prototypes, and mockups to visualize design concepts and gather client feedback. Delivery Coordinator, Lambos Deli, Toronto, ON, Canada Sept 2020 – December 2023
● Delivered an average of 50 orders per week to clients, utilizing problem-solving skills to develop creative solutions and improve efficiency and delivery times.
● Handled customer inquiries promptly and professionally, speaking to customers on the telephone and online via Ambassador, resulting in long-term, returning clients.
● Demonstrated an ability to manage multiple tasks and prioritize tasks effectively, including deliveries, and inventory.
Contact this candidate