Jaspal Singh Gill Portfolio : w ww.jsgill.engineer Email : j ac09th@r.postjobfree.com
San Jose, CA, USA (Open to relocation) Visa : F1- OPT (EAD) Phone : 408-***-**** ‘ SUMMARY:
Experience in relational and nonrelational databases, full stack web application development and data visualization.
Fascination for Machine Learning, Big Data and Web Security. E DUCATION:
Master of Science - S oftware Engineering (GPA-3.45) A ugust '14- August ‘16 San Jose State University- San Jose, CA
Bachelor of Technology - E lectronics & Communication Engineering (GPA-3.83) J uly '09- September '13 Lingaya's University – Faridabad, India
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
• Programming: Mongo Express Angular Nodejs, Python, Java, JavaScript, C++.
• Web Technologies: HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, Bootstrap, D3.JS, Django, MVC Framework, RESTful API, SOAP APi, Google APIs.
• Databases / Datastores: RDBMS, SQL/NOSQL and Graph Databases, MongoDb, Cassandra, HBase, redis, memcached.
• Cloud Technologies and Virtualization: A WS, Openstack, VMware vSphere Stack, Docker, DigitalOcean, Heroku.
• IDE / Tools / Other Technologies: M achine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Big Data, Linux, Web Automation, Distributed Systems, Multi-threading, networking, routing/switching, caching, nginx, git, agile/scrum methodology. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Optimization Analyst Intern - FireEye Inc M ilpitas, California J une ‘16- March ‘17
(N ode.js, Express.JS, MySQL, MongoDB, AngularJS, Bootstrap, chartJS, MVC architecture, Active Directory, nginx, memcache) Led project to gather IT Operations and global communications infrastructure details and commitments, and designed relational database for its centralized storage. Handled documentation and was responsible for developing internal full stack tool to manage contracts, commitments and reporting.
● Developed dynamic web application for real-time visibility into the current state, and offered role based application access.
● Implemented module to send server generated periodic renewal notification emails. Designed and developed analytical UI dashboard for broader visibility that proved useful to the management in areas of OpEx and service optimization. E xecutive - Religare Health Insurance Noida, India J une ‘13 - July ‘14
● Responsible for supporting the project team through design, development and testing phases to ensure system design meets requirements. C ontinuous product development on AGILE methodology using Java, Javascript, Angularjs.
● Responsible for creating test plans, perform UAT, and provide regular updates and communicate issues to the team.
● Created framework for user performance testing using Selenium 2.0 with Java. Intern - Indus Towers G urgaon, India J une ’12 - April ‘13
● Real time monitoring of site health and controlling tower operation activities for optimal resource utilization, increased network uptime and operational efficiency.
● Learned about microwaves and various telecom antennas being utilized in the industry. ACADEMIC PROJECTS:
Big Data Approach In Healthcare: ( A pache Spark, Nodejs, Python, MongoDB, HTML5, CSS3, B ootstrap, Angular.JS, chartjs,D3.js)
Developed distributed, fast data processing based machine learning system that aims at bringing patients and doctors closer by offering service that predicts probable disease based on the symptoms observed and provided by the unwell, suggests medication, and recommends specialist doctors for medication approval and/or further investigation and diagnose if needed. Thus offering the human doctor touch and saving time and effort for both entities. The system learns and improves for better future predictions from doctor’s given input and prescription.
Provided analytical dashboard that provides visualization of common and rising infections in the neighborhood. Face Computing Machine: ( P ython, OpenCV, Java, C++, node.js, MongoDB)
Developed machine learning based face recognition and detection machine which predicts person's age and mood by understanding user’s uploaded image.
Having image comparison clusters which compare the incoming image with a set of predefined clusters. Parkinson’s Disease Study Using Machine Learning : ( Scikit-Learn, Ipython, Pandas, Seaborn, GraphLab)
Parkinson’s disease is one of the most painful, dangerous and incurable diseases which occur at older ages in humans. Using UCI dataset we built and evaluated prediction models for various machine learning classification and regression algorithms.
Contact this candidate