Robert Tisma
(***) *** - ****
**** ******** ***** ****
Mississauga, ON
L5R 1N4
acs2v0@r.postjobfree.com
Objectives
To work in an environment, where I can fully utilize my knowledge and have the ability to develop, optimize, innovate and contribute.
Skills
Strong communication, analytical, mathematical and problem solving skills.
A highly-motivated, quick-learner, responsible and able to work effectively in a team or independently.
Very strong technical background.
Great written, oral and interpersonal skills.
Adaptable to various work environments
Education
2010 – 2011 McMaster University, Master of Electrical and Biomedical Engineering – Graduate Program 2006 – 2010 McMaster University, Graduate of Electrical and Biomedical Engineering - Undergraduate Program
Developed Competencies:
ASIC Verification – testbenching, testplanning, automated test generation, code and functional coverage analysis, wave analysis, infrastructure and workflow optimization, UVM/OVM, regression automation, sanity automation.
Machine Learning and Control – Statistical learning theory, Adaptive filtering, nonlinear regression, application of Bayesian filtering to control systems (Kalman filter, particle filter), design and application Neural Networks and Support Vector Machines (SVMs) for system modeling and pattern classification. Programming - C, C++, C#, .NET Framework, SQL, Java, Assembly, MATLAB/Octave, LaTeX, SystemC, SystemVerilog, Vera
Scripting - tcsh, perl, GNU Make, Bash, python
Version Control – SVN, GIT, ClioSoft SOS, Clearcase Other – Technical Documentation, Data Mining and Analysis, Experience with MS Windows, OSX and Linux based operating systems, LabVIEW, Parsing
Work Experience
Feb 2012 – Present Qualcomm Canada : ASIC Design Verification Engineer
Optimized infrastructure and Unix environment by automating redundant tasks, simplifying processes and parallel computing on an enormous cluster
Code and Functional Coverage optimization, analysis and reporting
Used the Universal Verification Methodology (UVM) for verification.
Created SystemC models of DSP blocks for video processing
Worked very closely with major Verilog compiler vendors (Synopsys, Mentor Graphics, Cadence) to optimize RTL compilation as well as coverage collection, analysis and reporting
Developed functional coverage modules in SystemVerilog based on testplan criteria
Worked with teams of designers, verification engineers, and DSP architects to verify blocks based on functional requirements
Created Verilog techbenches using in-house hardware verification modules, as well as software verification modules
Developed detailed and concise testplans to encapsulate all the functional, design and use-case requirements
Coded testcases using C/C++ along side python for automated test code generation.
Improved various aspects of infrastructure by eliminating redundant and automating error prone tasks
Worked with external contractors
May 2011 – August 2011 IBM Canada : Canadian Delivery Center - Continual Improvement Intern
Documented detailed procedures and information for various databases
Worked with a team of Quality Analysts to interpret and analyze data from various ticketing tools
Used the ‘Six Sigma’ methodology for the Defect Prevention Process
Created weekly Defect Prevention Reports for use across the Canadian Delivery Center and the Global Delivery Framework.
Developed software for alerting ticket dispatchers of upcoming ticket expirations as well as retrieving account specific information.
2005 – 2011 TIS Technologies Inc.
Wiring PLC’s and Control Panels
Customer Service & Delivery
Designing Industrial Leak-testers
Troubleshooting
2003 – Present Volunteer: Karate Club Eagle
Assistant trainer
Organizing club events, and meetings
Interests
Artificial Neural Networks and their application to speech recognition, data mining, security, wireless communication and music discrimination
Adaptive Systems and their application to Data Analysis, Fraud detection, and ASIC Verification
Optimizing verification work flow to minimize human intervention for repetitive or redundant tasks. Accomplishments
Completed verification for the APQ8084 chip and taped out
Assisted with the design of industrial leak testers, using a solid modeling software.
Created a spell check program, using Hash Tables and Binary Trees to contrast the aspects of both algorithms.
Designed an ECG analyzer (hardware and software) that provides diagnosis to patients with heart disease using Support Vector Machines and the Extended Kalman Filter.
Designed a program for “Adaptive Noise Cancellation on ECG signals using the Least-Mean-Square Algorithm”
Designed an industrial leak tester using PLC controllers
Blackbelt in Shotokan Karate
Electronic Music producer and DJ
References
Available upon request
Contact this candidate