/
JAYA NAGA PRAKASH THOTA
+1-817-***-**** ad0t7d@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/jnprakashthota Dallas, Texas, United States
SUMMARY
My strong software development skills, proactive approach, and track record of successfully managing projects from start to finish, combined with effective problem-solving and communication, make me the ideal candidate for the job.
EXPERIENCE
Member Technical
Automatic Data Processing, Inc.
11/2021 - 07/2023 Hyderabad, Telangana, India
Project Name : Unified Worker API
I oversaw the retrieval and distribution of worker data within the system, leveraging AWS Elastic Search as the main database and Oracle DB for real-time data synchronization.
Furthermore, I created multiple REST APIs to retrieve diverse worker- related information, such as worker data, leave records, work-related specifics, and personal data. I also introduced a worker search function for filtering and accessing matching employee profiles. Deployed our operational APIs to additional clients in a live environment with various enhancements.
Software Engineer
Infec Service
05/2021 - 10/2021 Chennai, Tamil Nadu India
Worked for the client company, ADP Pvt. Ltd.
Developed all the requirements as requested by partner teams. Fixed all the PROD issues.
Move the worker API from ICP elastic to AWS Elastic search. EDUCATION
Masters in Data Science
University of Texas at Arlington
08/2023 - Present
Computer Science
Sri Chundi Ranganayakulu Engineering College
07/2016 - 09/2020 Andhra Pradesh, India
GPA
7.99 10
In my final semester of B.Tech, we completed a machine learning project with the theme of predicting accuracy based on the dataset we had, utilizing various machine learning algorithms.
STRENGTHS
Adaptability.
Quick learner.
Self Motivated.
SKILLS
Java Spring Boot
AWS Elastic Search Oracle Database
Apache Kafka Splunk Jira
Data Mining Algorithm Python
Data Cleaning Data Visualization
Machine Learning
ACHIEVEMENTS
Secured the second prize in the
Annual day sports meet running
race on march 8, 2018, and was
part of the top five team at the IoT
Bootcamp & Hackathon.
Cricket Tournament Winners -
Annual Day Sports Meet (March 8,
2018)
www.enhancv.com Powered by
E q
e
•
•
•
•
•
•
e
•
Contact this candidate