WORK EXPERIENCE
Associate ML Engineer - Prof. Experience ( 3+ Y r s )
Cyber Infrastructure.pvt.ltd - sept 2020 – Present Achievements/Tasks
Cooperate with data architect to create clean modules and simple, intuitive models using Processing Libraries Develop project concepts and maintain optimal workﬂow. Work with senior developer to manage large, complex data projects for corporate clients.
Complete detailed programming and development tasks for back end as well as challenging back-end server code. PROJECTS
Directing Customers To Subscription Through Financial App Behaviour.
To predict the customer who will purchase premium version app subscription or not. Then company will decide from customer behavior to which customers they need give offer and increase their sell.
Machine learning algorithms. like Logistic Regression, KNN, XG Boost and Random forest.
Roles and Responsibilities:
To carryout preprocessing, cleansing of data and to verify integrity of data.
To Visualize and analyze data with data visualization with various python libraries to get insights of available data. To develop appropriate machine learning model using various algorithms so it can satisfy the requirements with better eﬃciency.
Project Name : Walker Overview Assisment Inspect
Hotel Review Sentiment Analysis (NLP)
Involves Text-Pre-processing, Dynamic Language
modelling, Natural Language Processing. A statistical model is built to classify different reviews into positive and negative sentiments. Support Vector Machine, Naïve Bayes
classiﬁers were used to classify the sentiments.
Roles and Responsibilities:
To carry out Text Wrangling & processing like Tokenize, normalize, removing stop words, Lemmatization, stemming etc.
To perform Word Embedding using Count vectorizer, TF-IDF as well as Word2Vec.
EDUCATION
BE Nagpur 2020 CGPA – 7.96
DIPLOMA MSBTE 2017 72.71%
SSC Science 2014 77.40%
INTERNSHIP
Internship – 3 Months (June 2020 to Aug 2020)
SKILLS
COMPETENCIES
A professional with an experience in Python, Data Science and Machine Learning
Ability to write clean and production code with
OOPs in Python.
Thorough understanding of Probability and Statistics, Bayesian methods.
Ability to achieve in-depth understanding of the problem domain and available data assets. Able to
investigate Data Visualization and summarization
techniques conveying key ﬁndings.
EXPERTIZE
Languages & Libraries :
Python, Pandas, NumPy, Regex, Tensor Flow, Keras, SKlearn, Matplotlib, Seaborn.
Databases: MySQL, MongoDB
Algorithms:
Linear & Logistic Regression, Naive Bayes, K-NN, K-Means, SVM, PCA, Decision Tree, Random Forest, Ada Boost, XG- Boost.
NLP: Count Vectorizer, TF-IDF Vectorizer, Word2Vec, NLTK Deep Learning: Perceptron, Neural Network, ANN, CNN, Transfer Learning,,Activation Functions, Computer Vision.
API’s & Production :
Flask Web framework, Postman, AWS (EC2 Instance) clients by producing ﬁnancial ratios
Systems: Windows, Linux, Jupyter Notebook, VS Code. RADHESHYAM DHOTE
Associate ML Engineer
As an associate Machine Learning Engineer with 3+yrs of experience, I am seeking new challenges and opportunities to apply my skills and expertise. I have proven track record of successful projects and passion for innovation. I possess strong analytical and problem-solving skills, and I am committed to staying update with latest developments in machine learning. Have expertise in preparing data, developing and deploying highly scalable machine learning models. ad1aro@r.postjobfree.com 992-***-****
Contact this candidate