Alexander B. Teich
ad24no@r.postjobfree.com *** *th Ave, Apt. 4C, Brooklyn, NY 11215 267-***-****
Applied Mathematician / Machine Learning Engineer
Holding Secret Level Security Clearance
EXPERIENCE
Engineering Scientist Associate Applied Research Laboratories- UT, Austin, TX Jun. 2019 - Aug. 2023
● Led design and development of ML models for Sonar development team.
● Collaborated with specialists in acoustics, autonomy, and robotics to develop deployable technology.
● Developed APIs to munge and collate data, assemble custom architectures, and test hypotheses.
● Initiated project ideas with prototypes to secure funding and investments.
● Enhanced target recognition, tracking, segmentation, and uncertainty quantification, leading to broad expansion of ML department.
● Mentored team on knowledge of learning curves, generalizability, domain adaptation, anomaly detection, and data drift.
● Contributed in hiring and developing ML department. Mathematics Instructor (various schools and cities) Jan. 2003 - Jun. 2017
● Taught all levels of secondary school math (AP Statistics, Calculus, Precalculus, etc.)
● Mentored student teachers, developed curricula, and sponsored numerous clubs and organizations. Directed a district-wide chess tournament.
Schools worked at, from most recent backward, were: Spring Woods High School in Houston, TX, Cambridge Rindge and Latin School in Cambridge, MA, University City HIgh School in Philadelphia, PA, World Communications Charter School in Philadelphia, PA, The Wheeler School in Providence, RI. Teacher Princeton Review (various cities) Mar. 2001 - Nov. 2008
● Worked as a classroom teacher and personal tutor, preparing students for the SAT, ACT, LSAT, and GRE. Travel Guide Editor Matchers, Inc., New York, NY Oct. 2001 - Mar. 2002
● Edited online travel guides. Fact-checked and improved copy. Animation Assistant Tapehouse Toons, New York, NY Jan. 2001 - May 2001
● Worked on animation for episodes of “TV Funhouse,” as seen on Saturday Night Live, and for “Lizzie McGuire." Cleaned keys, checked, and drew in-betweens, blandished and compiled scenes. EDUCATION
Rice University Houston, TX
MS in Applied Mathematics, completed May 2019, GPA of 3.57
● Concentration on Convex and Combinatorial Optimization.
● Developed ML model to anticipate epileptic seizures with EEG time series data. University of Pennsylvania Philadelphia, PA
MS Ed., Secondary School Mathematics, completed May 2005, GPA of 3.87 Brown University Providence, RI
Post Graduate work in Mathematics, 2003, GPA of 3.5 New York University New York, NY
BFA in Film (minor in Math) completed May 2000, and Post Graduate work in Mathematics, 2002-2003, GPA of 3.59 AREAS OF RESEARCH
Statistical Learning, Bayesian Methods, Conformal Prediction, Combinatorial Optimization, Graph Theory Research sample: https://arxiv.org/pdf/1805.10984.pdf SKILLS
PyTorch, Keras, TensorFlow, MLflow, Java, C/C++, Python, MATLAB, Gurobi, Pandas, Git, Bash, RHEL
Contact this candidate