Konstantine Kargareteli
**th Apr ****, GE
Address: **** ***** ***** ****,
Queens, NY 11693
Cell: +1-516-***-****
E-mail: ad25bz@r.postjobfree.com
OBJECTIVE
Over the course of my career, I have gained vast experience working on various projects and have developed many diverse skills. I have mastered backend programming and become quite strong in frontend programming as well. My code is bulletproof and very well-organized. I adhere to modern coding practices and principles, such as DDD and SOLID principles. In organizing and writing code, I strive to be creative and always focus on making it easily readable.
In my seven years of experience, I have met many great people. Communicating with them has been an irreplaceable part of my life, and I hope to establish deep, human-level relationships with my colleagues. I am currently seeking a job opportunity that will allow me to learn about machine learning and AI libraries as part of the work process. I am also very keen on learning about web3 and look forward to expanding my knowledge in this area.
I am quick at grasping complex concepts and am eager to apply my intelligence in challenging environments. In addition to programming, I have a passion for reading books on psychology and philosophy. I also enjoy drawing and practicing Eastern body exercises. Managing my time to pursue all these interests is challenging at present, but I am confident that within a year, I can organize my life to align more closely with my dreams. I am interested in a hybrid role that allows me to travel to my hometown for substantial visits. Ideally, I am looking for a position with an office in New York City. EMPLOYMENT DETAILS
Farm(x)
Job Title: Software Engineer
Feb 2023 - Sep 2023
Exadel
Job Title: Software Engineer
Feb 2022 - Oct 2022
EPAM Systems
Job Title: Software Engineer
May 2021 - Jan 2022
TBC Bank
Job Title: Software Engineer
Dec 2019 - Apr 2021
Dressler Consulting
Job Title: Software Engineer
May 2019 - Dec 2019
Wandio
Job Title: Software Engineer
Mar 2018 - Apr 2019
DoSo Management
Job Title: Software Engineer
Jan 2017 - Feb 2018
Aversi Pharma
Job Title: Technical Engineer
Oct 2014 - Sep 2015
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Computer Science 2013 - 2018
Ivane Javakhishvili Tbilisi State University, Georgia Master of Computer Science 2018 - 2020
Sokhumi State University, Georgia
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Languages:
• C#
• JavaScript
• Python
• SQL
Tools:
• ASP.NET
• Angular
• Django
• Docker
• Azure Services
• Envoy
• Excel
EXPERIENCE IN PROJECTS
Warehouse management system(DoSo Management):
In this project, I analyzed the company's mission and internal processes. Together with a group of three, we discussed with company representatives how to transform their current workflows into their desired ones. We developed code projects from a database-first approach using DevExpress technologies, rewiring their desired workflows into the code.
Responsibilities included developing code projects, gathering requirements through client meetings, coding, writing unit tests, bug fixing, and deploying apps on client servers.
Health Insurance management system(DoSo Management): Our company had already developed an insurance management system, except for the health insurance part. My role was to engage with clients, understand their workflows, and integrate the health insurance management component into the project using the DevExpress framework.
Responsibilities were similar to those in the warehouse project, including coding, unit testing, app deployment, and bug fixing.
Hydroelectric Station Monitoring(DoSo Management): Our team of three discussed the monitoring system flows for a Hydroelectric Power Plant (HPP). My task involved using the DevExpress framework and JavaScript to create the entire system, focusing on data registration and report generation. The responsibilities were developing code projects, requirement analysis, coding, unit testing, and deployment.
Tibco - Enterprise Service Bus(Wandio - TBC Bank collaboration): I worked on the Tibco ESB, used by TBC Bank, one of Georgia's largest banks. This middleware system connected various projects within the bank using Rest and Soap services. My role involved liaising with business analysts to understand integration needs and implementing these with TIBCO ESB, along with writing integration tests in Java and deploying the application through Jenkins. Responsibilities included building interconnecting services, code writing, test development, and deployment.
Top-level domain administration system(Wandio):
In this project, our team of three developers and a business analyst built a top-level domain administration system using the EPP Protocol. I was responsible for building a
.Net web API (using .Net Core 2.2 at the time), writing unit tests, deploying the app, and assisting a junior developer with the front-end UI. Responsibilities encompassed researching EPP, building and testing code relevant to the protocol, and deploying the app for testing.
Internal management system(Dressler Consulting):
Working as a duo, we developed an internal management system to track employee details and vacation requests. This also included integration with office doors for access tracking. The project used .Net Core 3 and Angular 2. My responsibilities included researching the door API, coding, testing, bug fixing, and deploying code on local servers.
Middleware communication system(TBC Bank):
This project involved rewriting a middleware system in .Net Core technology. Our team of three programmers created a framework that allowed other bank programmers to quickly set up and wire different division requirements using Rest services. We used
.Net Core 3, Docker, Kubernetes, Helm, and deployed on Azure. Responsibilities included researching technologies, developing code, writing unit tests, bug fixing, and Azure deployment.
Middleware communication system(Epam):
A team from Epam Systems were working for onecallcm where I got to integrate with and build some integration between different divisions. It was a middleware system accepting https requests wired with SignalR for internal communication and using azure services(azure functions, bus, MSMQ, etc.). Besides wiring services up, I had to write unit tests, make deployment docker files, monitor bugs and support fixing them. Responsibilities included researching existing projects, finding development needs through talking with BAs, developing code projects, enriching internal libraries, writing tests, fixing bugs, cleaning long existing backlog, deploying apps on Azure. Software integration research(Exadel):
At Exadel, during the Russian-Ukrainian conflict, my primary role involved helping relocate employees from Ukraine and Belarus. I met people at the airport, escorted them to guest houses, and introduced them to the office. In my spare time, I learned Angular framework and JavaScript, and researched the integration of Jira Server and ProdPad with KeyCloak auth server, collaborating with DevOps for a quick solution. Responsibilities included enhancing company culture, relocation assistance, internal research, solution finding, and writing user stories. Autonomous farm solutions(Farm(x)):
At Farm(x), I worked remotely on two distinct software projects. The first was Mission Control, using ASP.NET 4.6 and Angularjs, where I developed a Cordon Analysis Tool for plant monitoring using drone imagery. The second was a backend farm monitoring system using Django 3.2, where I integrated Plant/Cordon data models and imagery APIs.
Responsibilities included code refactoring, adding new code, unit testing, deployment, technical documentation, and feature presentation.
Contact this candidate