SNEHITHA REDDY KATANGOORI
ad2ddx@r.postjobfree.com
+1-972-***-****
SUMMARY
** ****** ** ** ********** as a Jr. Data Engineer with a diverse experience in Machine Learning Algorithms.
Exceptional knowledge in Python programming for Data collection and analysis.
Committed to maintaining the highest standards of data integrity, security, and documentation.
Adept at using tools like Excel, SQL, and Python for data analysis and reporting.
Proficient in statistical analysis, machine learning, and data modeling.
Possesses a solid understanding of exploratory data analysis, feature engineering, and model evaluation
Create sophisticated visualizations using tools like Tableau, Power BI.
Write complex SQL queries to extract, transform, and analyze data from databases.
Developed and deployed AWS Services using Cloud Development Kit
Gained exposure to big data technologies such as Spark, and Kafka for processing and analyzing large datasets.
Familiarity with cloud platforms like AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform for deploying and managing data solutions.
Engage in continuous learning, staying updated on the latest tools and techniques in data science.
Expertise in creating Process/Data Flow Diagrams, Use Case Diagrams &amp, Activity Diagrams, PPT’s.
Worked within an Agile team to determine stories needed for each iteration as well as story pointing.
Have a strong passion to work in Machine Learning that evaluates great efficiency. EDUCATION:
Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science - St.Martins Engineering College(2018 - 2022)
Masters in Computer Science - University of Central Missouri. TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE:
Languages Python, SQL,Java, C, C++, R
Databases MS SQL, Oracle
IDE’s Visual Studio Code, Postman,Meta Man
Framework PySpark, Kafka,Scikit-learn, Pandas, NumPy,SciPy Libraries Matplotlib, Seaborn
Cloud Technologies AWS EC2/Snowflake/S3/Lambda, Databricks ML Algorithms Regression and Classification Algorithms,NLP Visualization Tools Tableau, Power BI
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Client Genpact
Location Hyderabad,India
Role Jr.Data Engineer
Duration June 2021 - November 2022
Responsibilities
Designed and implemented ETL processes to extract, transform, and load data from various sources into data warehouses or data lakes.
Gained exposure to big data technologies such as Hadoop, Spark, and Kafka for processing and analyzing large datasets.
Familiarity with cloud platforms like AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform for deploying and managing data solutions.
Automate data workflows and pipeline processes to improve efficiency and Monitor and manage data pipeline performance and reliability.
Strong experience in python and frameworks such as Pandas, Numpy, Matplotlib.
Assisted in collecting and gathering data from various sources, ensuring data accuracy and completeness.
Clean and preprocess raw data to address missing values, outliers, and inconsistencies.
Conduct exploratory data analysis (EDA) to discover trends, patterns, and anomalies.
Developed proficiency in data science tools and programming languages such as Python, R, or SQL.
Utilized advanced statistical techniques to derive deeper insights from data and explore relationships between variables.
Perform advanced data analysis using statistical methods and machine learning techniques to derive meaningful insights.
Built, train, and optimize machine learning models for various predictive and prescriptive analytics tasks, considering different algorithms and techniques.
Evaluate model performance using appropriate metrics and validate models to ensure robustness and generalizability.
Worked closely with data engineers, data scientists, and other team members to understand data requirements and contribute to the development of data solutions.
Document data analysis processes, methodologies, and any assumptions made during the analysis.
Contact this candidate