Kiran Babu Kalluri
aws azure pmp ocp csm itil
ad3k2f@r.postjobfree.com +1-647-***-**** LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/kiranbabuk/

Summary
Technology executive with more than 20 years of experience and a passion for streamlining technical and data challenges with extensive experience in strategic planning, project management, handling very large-scale Database systems, migrations, enterprise data integrations on AWS and Azure.

Experience
Cloud Consultant - 9/2020 – Till Date
Client: Bank of Montreal, Canada
Employer: Tata Consultancy Services, Canada
As a multi-cloud practitioner, handled migrations and workloads, built Enterprise scale solutions, prepared guidelines, best practices and authentication patterns, trained teams both on AWS and Azure.
Azure: Used DevOps pipeline for the deployments, created resources using PowerShell, ARM and Bicep templates. Used data factories with linked services, dataflows, pipelines, and datasets for ETL workloads. Created key-vaults, file and blob storages, logic apps, app services, functions, SQL Databases, SQL MIs, CosmosDB, MySQL, Postgres instances for the application workloads. Encrypted databases and data at rest and in-transit. Used managed identities, active directory, VA scans, azure defender, Vnets, subnets, NSGs, for connectivity, authentication patterns. Configured backups for DR and HA requirements.
AWS: Handled RDS, Aurora, DynamoDB, DocumentDB, EBS, EMR, EFS, EC2, S3 workloads, configured Aws-Backup service for the Enterprise to address LTR, HA and DR requirements. Built Qucksight reports, used Athena, Lambda, SQS, Glue jobs, triggers, and crawlers for ETL workflows and automations. Used AWS Fargate, Docker, ECS for the orchestration framework. Worked on IAM, configured Security Group and NACL rules for connectivity, authentication, and security. Used Terraform and CDK modules to create CloudFormation stack and provision resources in Infrastructure as a Code (IaaC) automation framework

Cloud Consultant - 3/2020 – 5/2020
Client: Airbnb, USA
Employer: Altran (Capgemini), USA
Managed cloud instances and clusters, recommended best practices, managed IAM users and built a strategy for hybrid cloud infrastructure. Saved over $187k MoM on instances and $154k MoM on storage.
Worked on AWS EC2, IAM, S3, EBS, Elastic Load balancer (ELB), auto scaling group services.
Reviewed AWS aurora clusters and overall Database architecture, storage, snapshot policies, monitored the usage of MySQL and Postgres instances, analyzed the usage statistics, and proposed new guidelines.

Cloud Consultant - 6/2019 – 2/2020
Client: Toys R Us, Canada
Employer: Tech Mahindra, Canada
Reviewed Database Architecture, designs, performed impact analysis on the new changes, configured multi-master high availability solutions. Tuned databases, SQL queries, and MuleSoft process flows. Optimized processes, high availability, disaster recovery, and defined data security solutions using encryption methods. Utilized Azure DevOps for the automation, hosted and handled MySQL on Azure VMs
Experience in usage of Virtual Private Cloud (VPC), Cloud Formation, Cloud Front, EC2, RDS, S3, Microsoft Azure, Route53, SNS, SQS, Cloud Trail. Experience in Server infrastructure development on AWS Cloud.
Created ETL flows to integrate, map and load data from multiple sources including Salesforce, refreshed Dev, QA and staging environments, automated backups, managed database users, designed a centralized database to isolate customer data. Helped team members in preparing complex queries using SQL and dashboards using Power BI.

Data Management Consultant - 1/2017 – 5/2019
Client & Employer: TELUS, Canada
Integrated major systems across TELUS, automated data loads, handled stakeholders and requirements, estimated efforts, scheduled activities, managed documentation, and helped teams on integration approaches.
Created APIs for internal data transfers to enable data security, integrated Enterprise systems like Salesforce, SAP, and Jira using SSIS and MuleSoft.
Tuned databases, managed users, created and maintained a centralized database in Oracle. Used Domo to create dashboards and automate data loads

Data Management Consultant - 2/2016 – 1/2017
Client & Employer: Bank of Montreal, Canada
Played a pivotal role in migrating legacy payment systems and customers of Online Business Banking to a new managed vendor application, which could save $5M YoY.
Handled the offshore team, estimated resources, planned, scheduled, and assigned activities. Co-ordinated with deployment, business, quality, and development teams. Interacted with stakeholders, communicated risks, maintained project documentation, and analyzed requirements.
Mapped existing functions with new payment services, perform impact analysis, designed packages using PL/SQL, consolidated data from multiple sources like SharePoint lists, Oracle, and MSSQL. Automated load process with scripts to avoid manual errors. Improved performance of the existing system.

Project Manager - 2/2015 – 1/2016
Client: Microsoft, USA
Employer: Accenture, India
Managed a high performing team of 9 to perform root cause analysis of defects, assigned priority to support tickets. Evaluated new proposals, built communication processes, and maintained documentation and reduced defect rate by 80%: conducted performance reviews, mitigated risks, scheduled activities, assigned resources, and prioritized tickets.

Database Architect - 7/2014 – 2/2015
Client: CISCO, USA
Employer: Accenture, India
Improved performance of various databases of CISCO by tuning SQL queries, optimizing execution plans, reviewing trace files and ADDM reports. Reviewed code changes and performed impact analysis. Identified database configuration issues and presented best practices to senior management for optimal performance.
Used Oracle Applications (EBS), Primavera, Oracle 11g & 12c, Putty, Microsoft TFS, SQL Server, ITIL, Visio

Project Lead - 7/2010 – 6/2014
Client: Owens & Minor, USA
Employer: Solugenix, India
As a key member of this large-scale migration project with operations and enhancements and managed a team of 10 developers and 2 DBAs to save over $2M YoY. Collected client requirements, planned activities, assigned resources, estimated cost, communicated risks, involved in performance reviews of the team members.
Installed Databases on Linux and CentOS servers, configured ASM, RAC, standby instances. Automated database monitoring using shell scripts, enabled database security audit, managed users and privileges. Created logical models and converted them to physical models to sync dictionary objects while building an identical system without source code.
Improved database performance using rebuilding indexes, inspecting trace files, AWR, ASH and ADDM reports, partitioning tables, creating materialized views, tuning SQL queries and configuration parameters. Created and automated full backups and incremental RMAN backups.
Mentored the team to accomplish project goals, estimated resources, managed communication, scheduled activities. Delegated work, maintained database code repository, created PL/SQL scripts for project enhancements, reviewed the code developed by the team, prioritized activities, performed impact analysis of new changes, verified performance and integrity of the new functionality. Organized operational activities and automated data warehouse load process using DBMS packages. Built complex dashboard reports using complex hierarchical and analytical queries.

Database Administrator - 10/2008 – 2/2010
Client: Sports Betting, USA
Employer: SP Software, India
As the Database administrator, installed, created, and monitored new databases, built new logical and physical data models using normalization, performed production support activities, migrated SQL Server, Postgres, MySQL, Enterprise DB instances to Oracle.
Improved database performance through query and plan optimization, index creation, shrinking data files. Generated Tkprof, inspected ASH and ADDM reports. Performed export and import, moved objects for defragmentation and effective space management.
Created databases, users, granted required privileges to oversee database security, built new applications using PL/SQL stored procedures, functions, and packages, maintained data integrity, reliability through constraints and triggers.
Implemented backup and recovery processes using RMAN and defined data retention policy, used data guard and created standby instances for disaster recovery and high availability.
Prepared multi-dimensional dashboard reports using SQL queries, created materialized views, and automated refresh using shell scripts to improve reporting performance.

Associate Consultant - 12/2006 – 2/2008
Client: Citibank, USA
Employer: Polaris, India
vAssisted team in Database migration and data load activities to handle daily banking transactional data, created scripts, mapped, populated, validated data in the interface tables, used workflow to import data from interface tables to Siebel base tables, Built PL/SQL scripts for enhancements, Generated trace files to support performance tuning activities.

System Administrator - 10/2002 – 11/2006
Client & Employer: NIIT, India
vInstalled and maintained LANs, WANs, network segments, internet, and intranet systems. Handled system efficiency, ensured the design of systems to allow all components to work together, troubleshoot problems reported by users, made recommendations for future upgrades, maintained network and system security, analyzed and isolated issues.
vWorking with the team and maintained cordial relations with all other team members
Technical Skills
Tools: JIRA (8) TFS (4) SQL Developer (11) SSIS (4) Tableau (3) Power BI (2) MuleSoft AnyPoint (4) Domo Workbench (3) Toad (10) Putty (9) RMAN (8) Erwin (4) Rally (2) SQL Data Modeler (5) Microsoft Visio (6) Microsoft Project (5) Salesforce
Cloud Technologies: Amazon Web Services (AWS) (4) Oracle Cloud (3) Microsoft Azure cloud (3) Google Cloud (1)

Databases: Oracle 9i/10g/11g/12c/18c (12) MySQL 5.7/8 (5) SQL Server 2005/08/12/16 (7) RDS (3) Aurora (3) Postgres (6) MongoDB (2) DynamoDB (2)
Languages: Python (2) PL/SQL (12) SQL (15) JavaScript (2) Linux shell script (5) Windows PowerShell (4)

Education
Master of Data Analytics (Bootcamp): University of Toronto, Canada
Management of Software Development: Indian Institute of Management, India
Master’s in Computer Applications: Indira Gandhi National Open University, India
Bachelor’s in Computer Applications: Andhra University, India

Certifications
PMI Project Management Professional (PMP)
ITIL Service Manager (ITSM)
Certified Scrum Master (CSM)
Certified Six Sigma Green Belt

AWS Certified Solutions Architect
Oracle Certified Professional (OCP)

Trainings

Azure Solutions Architect Expert (Az-305)
CBAP certified by IIBA
AWS Machine Learning Specialization
Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH)
AWS Database Speciality
Architecting with Google Kubernetes
Contact this candidate