RUPAVATHI TANKALA
Waterford Township, MI ad3ofv@r.postjobfree.com 510-***-**** Linkedin
SUMMARY
As a highly motivated professional, I am actively seeking challenging full-time opportunities where I can put my technical and analytical talents to use. I am confident in my capacity to provide significant value to the organization because I have a great enthusiasm for leveraging data to inform business and produce significant results.
EDUCATION
University of Michigan Aug 2022- Apr 2024
Masters in Computer Science GPA: 3.5
Andhra University
Masters & Bachelor’s in Electronics and Communications GPA: 3.4 EXPERIENCE
Data Engineer Magna Jul 2023 - Present
Utilized python scripting to streamline data analysis, automate development tasks and support data collection, archival and curation. Integrated Amazon S3 for seamless and scalable storage, facilitating the integration of large datasets into databases.
Implemented machine learning models (Logistic Regression, Linear Regression) enhanced predictive analysis. Utilized AWS Lambda to automate data processing, ensuring real-time updates.
Have used libraries such as NumPy, Pandas, seaborn and Plotly.
Utilized SQL for large and complex datasets for relational database.
Created dashboards using POWERBI and some interacting dashboards for Data Visualization.
Gained knowledge on Generative AI and LLM’s.
Data Specialist Danske Bank Apr 2020 - Feb 2022
Led the testing team for pre-production bug identification during legacy-to-cloud migration on the customer portal using big query, ensuring a smooth transition to GCP's Data Warehouse.
Managed cross-functional collaboration for precise database cleaning pre-implementation, optimizing SQL queries and ETL processes for enhanced analysis and visualization.
Engineered optimal ETL mapping with Informatica to transform unstructured data into a structured flow for Business and customer needs.
Played a key role in developing a cost-saving fraud detection system using multiple regression models, enhancing data-driven decision-making in both B2B and B2C business insights.
Used Big Query to draw insights in the Business Model and Looker to visualize the customer data.
Detected a critical interest calculation bug, preventing penalties and saving 150k for the bank. Specialized in credit card theft and fraud prevention within the cards team. Used credit data with demographic data for making better data driven decisions.
Have gained experience with cross-functional teams effectively.
Leveraged Machine learning models to extract diverse insights and derive conclusive solutions for a range of complex problems.
Data Engineer Infosys Nov 2016 - Mar 2020
Contributed to Agile methodologies for improved user experience, covering story grooming, acceptance criteria, and performance metrics.
Developed a paperless Mainframe claim adjustment product, yielding a 30% customer satisfaction.
Contributed to a new insurance algorithm, achieving a 7% annual increase in user acquisition.
Leveraged expertise in Data Warehouse, Data Wrangling, and Google Cloud Platform for effective solution delivery in the insurance domain.
Analyzed various types of data to identify and address business issues, contributing to the formulation, development, and maintenance phases of the project.
Collaborated effectively with multidisciplinary teams, project staff, external collaborators and IT personnel to drive successful project outcomes.
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Canadian Travel Survey Python, R & PowerBI
Analyzed Canadian travel survey data using Linear and Logistic Regression models, integrating statistical machine learning for precise insights. Developed a user-friendly dashboard for effective data visualization and correlation understanding. Have used Ggplot2, Dplyr, and Plotly libraries.
Predicting Cardiovascular Health Python
Predicted Heart disease analytics of a person using various Regression and classification models based on the state, race, ethnicity and income levels. We have used various libraries such as NumPy, Pandas, Ski-kit learn, Plotly, Matplotlib and seaborn.
Covid Health Prediction GCP
Predicting Health of the user if the persons lungs are affected by covid or not using some sample data from Kaggle and design and deploy the models using VertexAI, Cloud Storage and Vision API. TECHNICAL SKILLS
Programming Languages: Python, R, AMPL, COBOL, JCL, CAPL, C, C++.
Database Systems: SQL, MySQL, SQL server
Data Analysis and Data Wrangling: NumPy, Pandas.
Data Visualization: Tableau, Power BI, Excel, R studios, Matplotlib, Plotly, seaborn.
Others: Git, Jupyter Notebook.
Business Intelligence Methods: Agile, Kanban, Waterfall. CERTIFICATIONS
Python for Data Science and Machine Learning.
Machine learning on Google Cloud with AutoML and VertexAI
Contact this candidate