Sailesh Bharwad
Chicago, IL-***** • ad3vhw@r.postjobfree.com • +1-256-***-**** • linkedin.com/in/bharwadsailesh/ • github.com/Bealux007
EDUCATION

Master of Science, Information Systems December 2024
DePaul University, Chicago, Illinois GPA: 3.8/4
Data analytics, Database Design, Enterprise Cloud Computing, Fundamental of Data Science, Data Visualizations, Data Warehouse
Bachelor of Science, Electronics & Communications Engineering May 2022
Vishwakarma Government Engineering College, Ahmedabad, India GPA: 8.13/10
TECHNICAL SKILLS

Programming & Scripting: Python, C/C++, Java, SQL, JavaScript, NLP, HTML5, CSS3, ML, Tableau, PowerBI, Deep Learning
Frameworks: React, Angular, Node.js, Flask, jQuery, MySQL, Fast API, Material-UI, Tailwind-CSS
Developer tools: Git, Jira, Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud Platform, Kubernetes, Docker, Test Complete
Others: Agile, Scrum, CI/CD, RESTful web services, Postman, Tensorflow, Oracle, PyTorch, Figma, Linux
EXPERIENCE

Software Developer Nexuslink India PVL, Ahmedabad, India May 2022—December 2022
•Transformed & enhanced automation infrastructure to validate complex software actions of Health base clients.
•Leveraged TestComplete to develop high-quality code & packages for test cases use agile software development best practices.
•Collaborated cross-functionally with DevOps to communicate & identify defects within system software & embedded code bases.
•Worked on CI/Cd pipeline to streamline development process. Ran regression suites with 95% tests passing.
Full Stack Web Development Intern Black Tiger Limited, Ahmedabad, India February 2022—April 2022
•Executed backend and APIs for a website focused on Distribution Management to improve supply chain efficiency.
•Acquired proficiency in MVC design patterns, Object-Oriented Programming concepts & Google Cloud Platform (GCP).
•Achieved 30% reduction in stockouts & 20% decrease in overstocking by strategic usage of NodeJS, Postman, Knex & Controllers.
Python Developer Intern Creart Limited, Ahmedabad, India June 2021—December 2021
•Working with the financial data model by using python and ML libraries like Matplotlib, Pandas along with SQL Alchemy
•Fine-tuned Financial dataset including cleaning and variable selection, trained model with Keras/TensorFlow.
• Evaluated performance and effectiveness of model by removing inconsistencies and anomalies as a pre-processing step in order to mitigate overfitting.
PROJECTS github.com/Bealux007

Financial Bots on News API February,2021
Financial API, DialogFlow, jQuery, SQL, AWS, MongoDB, ML, Docker, CRM
Built the bot that provides real-time financial market updates, stock price, currency exchange rates and empowering users to make informed decisions by using NLP, ML, Cloud Service and API Integration.
Employed Docker to build & deploy MongoDB on an AWS instance, enhancing database efficiency and scalability.

Supervised Regression Analysis November,2023
Python, Supervised Learning, Hyperparameter Optimization, ML, R, AWS, Tableau
Predicting housing prices in the California market using Machine Learning algorithms supervised regression by using technology stacks such as Python, R, Machine Learning, AWS, and Tableau for visualization.
Perform data cleaning, feature engineering, model selection, and performance evaluation with R2-sqaured that helps to achieve 87% metric value with 5-fold CV to increase the model performance predictive power.

VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE
Part of the core team members of the GTU Tech Fest where i used to part of the community team to speech different colleges and universities in Gujarat about the event and to participate in various programs.
Advisor of MJ library to organize and managed other administrative and development work.
CERTIFICATION AND AWARDS

•Awarded scholarship to attend Venture Analyst program by Quest Venture. (June 2022)
•Machine learning & MLops Specializations by Andrew Ng (Deeplearning.ai) (December,2023)
•Deep learning Specializations by Andrew Ng (Standford University) (February,2024)
Contact this candidate