STEFFY ROSELINA EBEN JUDSON
980-***-**** ad3wxg@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/steffy-eben-judson github.com/steffyroselina WORK EXPERIENCE
Software Engineer Part-time ENFOS, Inc., Raleigh, NC May 2023 - Dec 2023
● Developed REST APIs for Data modules to perform CRUD operations using the Jersey(Java JAX RS) framework.
● Involved in the construction and optimization of Postgres queries to retrieve and persist data to increase performance.
● Generating API documentation using Swagger into yaml files. Software Developer / Research Assistant North Carolina Research Campus, Kannapolis, NC Oct 2022 - May 2023
● Worked on a platform to process mass spectrometry data collected by researchers in the field of Bioinformatics and Genomics.
● Integrated Machine Learning modules for clustering, dimensionality reduction, and deployed the same on AWS using Docker.
● Created the user interface for the application using JavaFX to visualize the results from Machine Learning modules.
● Formulated an algorithm to construct and display a Dendrogram chart to visualize hierarchical clustering results. Full Stack Web Developer Zoho Corporation, India Jan 2018 - Aug 2022
● Engineered features for Zoho’s CRM, built using J2EE Spring and a Javascript framework similar to Angular JS.
● Involved in end-to-end development, including implementation of RESTful APIs, Business Layer, Persistence Layer and User Interface.
● Contributed to the development of Sales Pipeline feature which allows users to visualize and manage the stages of sales processes.
● Worked on a second feature which was to forecast the achievements of a company / team, assign and track targets.
● Mentored sub teams and contributed to the design and software architecture of the Forecasts feature.
● Created a generic tree data structure to store the user hierarchy of a company and aggregate users’ contributions and this caused a 4x performance increase in the process as it eliminated recursive DB calls.
● Received outstanding feedback for playing a crucial role in rolling out the Forecasts feature before the deadline for the Gartner Magic Quadrant Review as this feature was one of the reasons for ZohoCRM being recognized as a Visionary CRM by Gartner. AWARDS AND CERTIFICATIONS
● Awarded the BEST OUTGOING STUDENT award among the students of BE CSE 2014 - ‘18 batch.
● Oracle Certified Professional, Java SE 6 Programmer
● Certified as Elite with Gold medal in Programming, Data Structures and Algorithms by IIT Madras.
● Certified as Elite in Design and Analysis of Algorithms by IIT Madras. SKILLS
Areas of expertise : Data Structures, System Design, RESTful API, Object Oriented Programming (OOPS) Backend : Java, JSP, Node JS, Python, PHP, C, C++ Frontend : Angular JS, Java FX, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Ajax, jQuery Databases : MySQL, Postgres, SQL, MongoDB
Frameworks : Struts, Spring, Hibernate, MEAN Stack, LAMP Stack, Jersey Version Control : Git, Mercurial
Cloud Platforms : AWS
Development environments : Linux, macOS
Other Interests : Microservices, Machine Learning, Image Processing, Data Science EDUCATION
Master of Science, Computer Science [GPA : 4.0 / 4.0] Aug 2022 - Dec 2023 University of North Carolina at Charlotte, NC, United States Bachelor of Engineering, Computer Science and Engineering [GPA : 8.49 / 10.0] Aug 2014 - May 2018 Anna University, Chennai, India
PROJECTS
Trading Application [Github] Sep 2022 - Nov 2022
● Built a multi-user application using Node JS over a MongoDB database to trade bikes . The application enables users to post details of items for potential exchange and send / accept trade requests from other users. SJIT Hall Booking Software [Github] Nov 2016 - Jan 2017
● Developed a web application using the LAMP Stack to reserve lecture halls in the college campus.This eliminated the manual procedures previously employed by professors to register for the halls. The Perfect Match [Github] Aug 2016 - Sep 2016
● Devised a single player gaming application where users are given a set of 16 words and there exists a unique mapping to get 8 pairs, each having 2 related words.
Contact this candidate