DIPENKUMAR GOHIL
945-***-**** ad42r7@r.postjobfree.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/dipengohil https://github.com/DipenGohil EDUCATION
The University of Texas at Dallas, Richardson, TX August 2022 - May 2024 Master of Science in Computer Science GPA: 3.72/4
Coursework: Machine Learning, Design and Analysis of Algorithms, Cloud Computing, Natural Language Processing, Database Design, Artificial Intelligence, BigData Management and Analysis, Statistical Methods for Data Science. Gujarat Technological University, Ahmedabad, INDIA May 2018 - June 2022 Bachelor of Engineering in Information and Communication Technology GPA: 9.46/10 TECHNICAL SKILLS
Languages: Java, Python, C/C++, SQL, JavaScript, HTML/CSS, React Frameworks: React, Node.js, Django, Kivy, WordPress Databases: MySQL, SQL, MongoDB, PostgreSQL
Libraries: Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib, Scikit-Learn Tools: PowerBI, Tableau, Excel, Docker
Operating Systems: Linux, Windows, MacOS
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Software Engineer Intern Dec 2023 – Present
Motorola Solutions Allen, Texas
● Addressing real-time production issues pertaining to operating systems, networking, and databases while working with the client support team to debug error logs and tickets received on a daily basis.
● Employing Python programming for various tasks and showcasing proficiency with bash scripting for basic automation tasks resulting in a 25% decrease in audits workload.
● Monitoring critical product systems and collaborating with cross-functional teams to audit alerts and resolve issues leading to improved system reliability, security, and performance. Developer Intern Feb 2022 – May 2022
Achyut Labs Pvt. Ltd. Ahmedabad, India
● Transformed and implemented 30+ Python functions for the backend of a headless e-commerce website project.
● Initiated using React APIs for the company’s website to improve response time by 40%.
● Established and maintained MySQL database to the application and APIs for data storage and retrieval. Data Analytics Intern April 2021 – May 2021
Suven Consultants and Technology Pvt. Ltd. Remote Internship
● Performed Analysis of Meteorological Data using Pandas, Numpy, Matplotlib and Scikit-Learn libraries.
● Proposed and integrated multi-functional database resulting in around 20% improvement in data accuracy.
● Utilised 40 different data representation and visualisation charts of company data using PowerBI and Excel.. PROJECTS
Stock Market Prediction Web-App May 2023
● Performed exploratory data analysis on stock prices using Python, NumPy, Scikit-learn, Pandas and Excel.
● Demonstrated efficiency of various ML algorithms such as Naive Bayes, Decision Trees and SVM through stock price prediction followed by hyperparameter tuning and comparing the results.
● Built a web-app using Streamlit and Python and visualised the inferences through graphs using Matplotlib and Scikit-Learn libraries.
Movie Recommendation System using R and Tableau September 2023
● Acquired Netflix movie data, cleaned and pre-processed it to ensure accuracy and consistency.
● Implemented R language for data transformations, applying ML algorithms and data visualisations.
● Created a dynamic, interactive and insightful Netflix Movie Analysis Dashboard using Tableau. Global Covid-19 Analysis using PowerBI December 2023
● Utilised SQL for data cleaning and data formatting.
● Developed a comprehensive, interactive and user-friendly interface to analyse key metrics related to COVID-19.
● Visualised the geographical distribution of COVID-19 instances among various nations and regions, giving an organised overview of the most severely impacted places.
Contact this candidate