Mayur Chaitram
Machine Learning Engineer
Professional Experience
Project
Machine Learning Engineer with 2.10 years of experience in leveraging data to drive business insights and optimize decision- making processes. Proficient in statistical analysis, machine learning, and data visualization, with a strong background in programming and data manipulation. Demonstrated ability to apply advanced analytical techniques to solve complex problems and deliver actionable solutions.
Skills
Python: -Python/ML Packages: Scikit-
Learn, Pandas, Numpy, RegEx, Matplotlib,
Seaborn for visualization.
Web Framework: - AWS (EC2,
Sagemaker, S3, Environment,
Deployment), Flask, Postman API, GITHUB
ML Algorithms: -Linear Regression, Logistic
Regression, Naive Bayes Classifier, k-NN,
Support Vector Machines, Decision Tree,
Random Forest, Gradient Descent. XGBoost,
PCA.
NLP: -Text understanding, representation
&classification techniques, Text clustering
skills Libraries: - NLTK, Spacy, Gensim, text
blob, Lang detect, Google trans.
Deep Learning: -Neural Networks, Deep
Learning, ANN, CNN, RNN, LSTM, Transfer
Learning, Back Propagation, Activation &
loss functions, optimizers, Tensor flow 2.x,
Keras, Encoder - Decoder, Transformer.
Database: -SQL, Sub queries, Joins
Math’s & Stats: -Filter, Wrapper,
Embedded Method, P-Value, T-Test, Z-
Test, ANNOVA Test, Chi-Square Test, Info-
Gain Test, and Hypothesis Testing.
Probability, statistics, linear algebra, VIF,
REF, Pearson Coefficient, F-Test.
Tools:- JIRA, Agile Methodology
Education
Bachelor Of Engineering - 2020
Priyadarshini College of Engineering -
Nagpur 8.47 CGPA
My Contact
ad4lyj@r.postjobfree.com
Mumbai
+91-878*******
Oneture Technologies, Mumbai- Machine Learning Enginner, April 2021 – Present
Certificate
Term Deposit Prediction Model -- ML
A professional with 2.10 years of experience in Python, Data Science and Machine Learning, Agile Methodology
Expertise in Prediction and Classification domain Projects. Conduct data visualization and summarization techniques, conveying key findings
Good, applied statistics skills, such as JIRA, distributions, statistical testing, regression.
Experience with common data science toolkits, such as Anaconda, NumPy, MatLab, Pandas, Seaborn, SciKit-Learn, NLTK, Flask, Postman API etc
Collaborate with data engineers to build data and model pipelines.
Use different machine learning techniques and build the model. Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes.
Analyzed and interpreted client data to predict the likelihood of term deposits, achieved a 92% accuracy rate in customer deposit predictions.
Leveraged machine learning algorithms to analyze and evaluate client data and increased prediction accuracy by 25%
Developed a credit risk analysis system for companies using machine learning and deep learning techniques.
Trained and tested multiple ML and deep learning models on a financial dataset to identify relevant features and make credit risk predictions with 95% accuracy.
Evaluated various models and selected the most accurate model. Integrated the developed system into the existing credit risk management system, improving the accuracy and efficiency of credit risk assessments.
Credit Risk Default Model on Companies
Predict if the client will subscribe to a term deposit based on the analysis of the term marketing campaigns the bank performed. Credit risk default model on companies using the performance data of several companies to predict whether a company is going to default on upcoming loan payments.
Google Data Analytics Google
Data Analysis OPENCLASSROOMS
Crash Prediction On Road Segments.
we propose a Crash occur because of road segement so how to to we can create best segments and if segment make wrong then if crash occur so then people surview and died so find out accuracy of surview people.those died so find out reason of crash.
Undertaking data collections preprocessing and analysis .Building Models to address business problems .Presenting information using data visualization technique.
To handle all type of problem using different technique. Utilized advanced querying, visualization and analytics tools to analyze and process complex data sets.
Assessed accuracy and effectiveness of new and existing data.
Contact this candidate