SARTHAK NIKHAL
864-***-**** ad55sm@r.postjobfree.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/sarthaknikhal https://github.com/SarthakNikhal TECHNICAL SKILLS
ᐧ Python ᐧ R ᐧ HTML, CSS ᐧ JavaScript ᐧ jQuery ᐧ Bootstrap ᐧ Java ᐧ C++ ᐧ React ᐧ NodeJS ᐧ MongoDB ᐧ SQL ᐧ Go ᐧ Git ᐧ Spark ᐧ Docker ᐧ Linux ᐧ Full-stack ᐧ Microservices ᐧ Software Design and Testing ᐧ MATLAB ᐧ Microsoft Office ᐧ Power BI ᐧ Deep Learning ᐧ Pandas, Numpy, Scikit-Learn, Pytorch, TensorFlow ᐧ Data Science ᐧ Azure Cloud ᐧ Open Source Software EDUCATION
M.S. in Computer Science Clemson University Aug 2023 – Present ᐧ Coursework: Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Foundations of Software Engineering, Computer Graphics B.E. in Computer Engineering Savitribai Phule Pune University Aug 2019 – July 2023 EXPERIENCE
Research Intern Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur May 2022 - Nov 2022 ᐧ Independently assembled a Natural Language Processing( NLP ) pipeline with extensive research in 15+ LLMs and healthcare data. Practiced fine-tuning on all models to get an accuracy of 84% or above. ᐧ Built ML models like Zero Shot Learning, Few Shot Learning and Transformers for text using Python Pytorch, Hugging Face and Matplotlib.
Software Engineer Intern Nebulinx Jan 2022 - April 2022 ᐧ Developed and implemented scalable 30+ APIs and microservices to manage remote IoT devices using NodeJS, TypeScript, TypeORM and PostreSQL for a Real-Time Locating System (RTLS) platform ᐧ Designed an Android application with an intuitive dashboard for secure access to application database of devices using Kotlin and XML. ᐧ Led the backend development of the enterprise-level application with agile methodology to identify system requirements and build a framework making development, testing 50% faster. Reported directly to the CEO & CTO. Software Engineer Intern Frazor Mar 2021 – Sept 2021 ᐧ Developed an OCR application for scanning third party financial documents using Tesseract OCR software, Google Vision OCR and deployed it on AWS cloud.
ᐧ Designed an enterprise-level full stack web responsive application for an initiative by National Payment Corporation of India to be used as information exchange platform for companies across India, that made the data collection process faster by 75%. Implemented MVT framework with Python, HTML, JavaScript, MongoDB, NodeJS, MySQL and Flask. PROJECTS
Landslide Susceptibility Mapping Sept 2022 - May 2023 ᐧ Created a deep learning U-Net model that applied image processing and mapped landslide susceptibility using geospatial data, after studying 40+ research papers on the topic. Utilized Tensorflow, Python, and web tools to build the full stack app. Phonix: English Language App Dec 2021 - June 2021
ᐧ Led a team of 5 students to deploy an educational web application helping kids learn English grammar. Features included Hindi/English language toggle, digital flashcards and multiple modules for language practice. The application was made using HTML, NodeJS, ExpressJS, Tailwind CSS and ReactJS. ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE
Certified Data Scientist by Dataquest.io
ᐧ Completed 38+ courses/projects of 180 hours on Data processing, visualization, analysis, Machine Learning and best practices in data science.
Clemson University Indian Student Association – Web Admin, Onboarding and Events Volunteer Ranker and Finalist of Toycathon MoE Innovation Cell, Government of India ᐧ Educational web app Phonix was in the top 150 among 18,000 teams at the national level hackathon. Mentorship – Taught coding and mentored 30+ junior students in software development. Other Interests – Volleyball, Cricket, Movies, TV series, Non-Fiction books and Video games.
Contact this candidate