Sahar Alaei Varnoosfaderani
Email Address: ad55dr@r.postjobfree.com Phone: +1-859-***-**** Address: Fremont, Ca Technical Skills
Data Management: PostgreSQL, MariaDB, MongoDB
Programming: Java, Python, R, JavaScript, C, Shell scripting Big Data Technologies: Apache Spark, Apache Kafka, AWS Data Warehouse: Snowflake
Data Processing: Cleaning, Transformation, Augmentation ETL Processes: Luigi, Airflow
Data Modeling: Pandas, NumPy, scikit-learn
Statistical Analysis: Hypothesis Testing, Regression, Time Series Machine Learning: TensorFlow, PyTorch
Data Visualization: Tableau, Matplotlib, Plotly, HTML, CSS Infrastructure: Linux, Docker, Kubernetes, CI/CD
Logging and Monitoring: Grafana, Logic Monitor, SumoLogic, Prometheus Version Control: Git
Soft Skills: Problem Solving, Communication, Collaboration Work Experience
GoTransverse Austin - Texas
Data Software Engineer Oct 2020 - Present
● Design, develop, and automate data pipelines using Kafka, Debezium, and Luigi, reducing costs by 45% and enhancing reliability.
● Create RESTful APIs for system functionality and external integration in Python, improving cross-platform interoperability.
● Manage and optimize PostgreSQL and Snowflake databases, enhancing performance and reliability.
● Develop maintainable and scalable Python code for billing system components, adhering to clean code principles.
● Conduct code reviews to ensure best practices, coding standards, and code quality.
● Implement unit and integration tests with Pytest for code reliability.
● Utilize Docker and Kubernetes for application containerization and orchestration.
● Monitor system performance with LogicMonitor, optimizing alerts and dashboards for cost efficiency.
● Deploy applications on AWS, configuring CI/CD pipelines with Jenkins for continuous delivery.
● Design and execute performance tests using JMeter to identify bottlenecks.
● Automate performance tests using Jenkins.
● Set up and maintain monitoring and logging systems with Logic Monitor, Grafana, and Logstash.
● Configure alerts and dashboards to proactively address system performance issues.
● Use Git for version control and Liquibase for database schema management.
● Maintain comprehensive documentation for code, APIs, system architecture, and troubleshooting.
● Practice agile development, participating in sprint planning, stand-ups, and retrospectives. University of Texas at Austin Austin - Texas
Data Scientist Aug 2019 - Oct 2020
● Developed a cosmetic indenter prototype.
● Orchestrated experiments to collect and analyze thermal response data.
● Validated, cleaned, integrated, and visualized complex datasets for insightful analysis using Pandas.
● Applied time series, regression analysis, and hypothesis testing using scikit-learn.
● Utilized COMSOL and Zemax for heat and light diffusion simulation in skin.
● Optimized parameters with machine learning using Pytorch.
● Designed indenters with CAD and 3D printer.
● Conducted statistical analysis to evaluate the impact of laser techniques on kidney stone fragmentation.
● Produced compelling Tableau dashboards to effectively communicate findings to stakeholders. VenoStent, Inc Houston- Texas
Data Scientist Oct 2018 - Aug 2019
● Conducted MRI scans at Houston Methodist for data collection.
● Applied advanced machine learning algorithms, including classification, regression, and dimensionality reduction using tensorFlow, to analyze MRI imaging data.
● Applied machine learning techniques to optimize system design.
● Utilized Python for computational fluid dynamic modeling University of Kentucky Lexington- Kentucky
Graduate Research Assistant Aug 2016 - Jun 2018
● Employed data cleaning, filtering, and validation on clinical ECG data using MATLAB.
● Conducted analytical and statistical testing on human ECG data using MATLAB.
● Devised Python algorithm to predict ventricular arrhythmia.
● Collected diverse biological data from human subjects.
● Analyzed physiological signals with data science methodologies. Avionic Research Institute Isfahan- Iran
Research Engineer Sep2013 - Sep 2014
● Researched landing gear control systems (LGCU and BSCU) for aircraft projects.
● Analyzed technical sketches and manual data from aircraft models (A320, A340, Boeing 757).
● Collaborated with engineers to understand LGCU/BSCU functions and interrelations.
● Prepared comprehensive custom dashboards and custom dashboard in Javascript, HTML and CSS for stakeholders.
Education
● The University of Texas at Austin Austin - Texas Certificate, Data Analytics and Visualization Jan 2020 - Sep 2020
● University of Kentucky Lexington - Kentucky
Master's degree, Biomedical Engineering 2016 - 2018
● Isfahan University of Technology Isfahan - Iran
Master's degree, Electrical and Computer Engineering 2013 - 2016
● Isfahan University of Technology Isfahan - Iran
Bachelor's degree, Electrical and ComputerEngineering 2009 - 2013
Contact this candidate