Benjamin Chan
Machine Learning Engineer
Canada • ad5602@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY
As a Senior Machine Learning Engineer, I have extensive experience in creating AI-driven solutions that improve customer interactions and operational efficiency. I have a strong background in Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, and specialized in LLM, RAG and MLOps platforms. My work often involves designing and implementing end-to-end systems, from chatbots to facial recognition applications. I excel at model optimization, improving precision and performance. I am passionate about using cutting-edge technology to achieve meaningful business results PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
TMC Motor Company London, United Kingdom
Senior Machine Learning Engineer (Remote) Nov 2023 – May 2024
● Developed and implemented a chatbot with OpenAI GPT for car recommendation, reducing customer decision time and boosting satisfaction.
● Integrated RAG into the chatbot for dynamic and accurate car suggestions.
● Developed autonomous agents with OpenAI LLMs and LangChain to process previous customer services, and seamless connection of language models with car database and use input processing.
● Used Pinecone and LlamaIndex for efficient indexing of car features to enhance the precision of recommendations. CrewFase Vancouver, BC
Machine learning Engineer Nov 2017 – Aug 2020
● Evaluated and compared a series of MLOps platform solutions like Google Vertex AI, Databricks and Kubeflow
● Designed and proposed multiple service architectures to implement MLOps.
● Set up MLOps using DVC, MLFlow, and Vertex AI to track experiments, train models, save, and deploy them.
● Performed topic modeling and built a series of ensembles on text classification to identify stress and stressors in social media: a multi-modal deep learning classifier combining text and metadata.
● Generated synthetic data to train and evaluate models.
● Ran profiling to provide 8x improvement in inference time on a classifier A.S.Waston Group Hong Kong, Hong Kong
Machine learning Engineer Feb 2017 – Sep 2018
● Developed an end-to-end solution to simulate a treatment’s facial aesthetical impact.
● Trained Mask R-CNN models to detect possible treatment areas and advise on areas where doctors should focus.
● Developed a complete back-end solution consisting of REST API for a front-end application and a payment gateway, using a PostgreSQL database for storage.
● Implemented a precise detection of the face on the taken image and accurate detection of facial features like nose, eyes, mouth, etc.
● Detected the location of points on the face with very high accuracy for the injection of a substance for aesthetical treatment.
EDUCATION
University of Hong Kong Hong Kong
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science Jan 2013 – Dec 2016 SKILLS
● Programming Languages: Python, C/C++, SQL
● Frameworks: Tensorflow, Pytorch, LangChain, LlamaIndex
● Databases: Pinecone, FAISS, MySQL, MongoDB, DynamoDB, PostgreSQL
● AI Technologies: Machine Learning, NLP, RAG, LLM, Model Optimization, Quantization
● Cloud Technologies: Docker, Kubernetes, Nginx, GCP, Grafana, Prometheus, MLFlow, Kubeflow
Contact this candidate