Sai Naveen Chanumolu
San Jose, CA - ***** +1-408-***-**** ad5u21@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn - sainaveench EDUCATION
San Jose State University, San Jose, CA. Aug 2023 – May 2025 Master of Science in Software Engineering (Specialization in Data Science) WORK EXPERIENCE
Software Engineer Deloitte, Hyderabad, India May 2022 – July 2023
● Functioned as Full Stack Developer in Employees Performance Management Project on .Net, Angular and SQL.
● Designed, Developed and Integrated a new Dynamic Landing Homepage to existing project, to ease accessibility and save end users time by 90%.
● Performed complete Impact Analysis of Project to find impacts and refactor code for all affected areas of frontend, backend of legacy code as per new migration of core data source.
● Derived data visualizations with joins, subqueries, and nested queries in SQL. Created and modified SQL stored procedures to streamline SQL-related tasks, reduced processing time by 20%.
● Revamped UI/UX of project to make it smooth, responsive, and optimized project performance by 15%.
● Competed in multiple Hackathons and produced effective Machine Learning POC’s for internal real world business problems at Deloitte.
Software Engineer Intern Deloitte, Hyderabad, India Jan 2022 – Apr 2022
● Collaborated with a team of 3 members on Digital Twin project to produce a solution for Business Leaders to address multiple events in virtual during priority conflicts.
● Produced a workaround by simplifying for users to get an instant real time image video of speech in users native tone with lip moments from input text, photo and a voice sample utilising speech synthesizer and OpenCv. TECHNICAL SKILLS
Tech Stack: Python, Java, C/C++/C#, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, TypeScript, JavaScript, SQL, PHP Web technologies: .Net, Angular, Flask, React.js, Node.js, Spring Boot, Blazor, Swagger, Rest API Cloud and Databases: Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure, SQL, MySQL, Redis, MongoDB, GCP Other Tools and Technologies: Git, Scrum, Agile, Software Development Lifecycle(SDLC), Object Oriented Programming, CI/CD, Natural Language Processing(NLP), Machine Learning(ML), Deep Learning, ETL/ELT, Tableau PROJECTS
Hotel Recommendation and booking
● Implemented Hotel recommendation and booking application using Sentiment Analysis with Bert on user reviews to avoid noise imbalance. Trained XGBoost model integrated with Flask framework offering direction, booking options.
● When a hotel is searched, the model suggests all the top hotels with model score obtained from user reviews. Course Recommendation System
● Provided a complete functional application to replace Deloitte vendor application for course recommendation.
● Designed application combining Blazor framework with Flask containing machine learning model for recommendation, used Web API for data communication.
● Improved accuracy of course recommendations by 15% implementing a collaborative filtering algorithm, considering user ratings and behavior to recommend based on previously completed courses. Steel Defect Detection
● Implemented Steel defect detection academic project using Semantic Segmentation and Catboost Classifier.
● Processed steel images through semantic segmentation to identify defective areas.
● Classified defects into different classes with a Catboost classifier trained with 12000 images to increase accuracy. VOLUNTEERING / EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES
● Technical Director and Co-Lead at Google Developer Student Clubs KLEF.
● Teaching Assistant and Club representative for Google technologies, drove 50+ students into app development.
● Led a team of 10 members, organiZed 10+ events based on GCP, Flutter at university with 200+ students.
● Mentored 50+ students and aided in curriculum re design as teaching assistant for multiple courses.
● Coordinated a National Level Project Expo in College Fest 2020. ACHIEVEMENTS
● Secured Second position in Talent Hackathon Season 1 and Third in Season 2, conducted at Deloitte to solve real world business problems. One submission has been approved for development as a full-length production project.
Contact this candidate