Tom Mc Nulty AI/ML ENGINEER
708-***-**** ad6wu2@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/McNultyTom https://github.com/tmm-ai An AI Engineer with an affinity for ML and LLMs, having recently completed an MCS in computer science and data science. Motivated by complex problem solving, experienced in strategic growth and cross-cultural collaboration and marketing, eager to leverage engineering and product UX skills to deliver actionable results to end users and stakeholders SKILLS & QUALIFICATIONS
Machine Learning & AI: PyTorch, TensorFlow, Scikit-Learn, Keras, Hugging Face, Computer Vision, NLP, LLMs Programming: Python, R, Java, JavaScript, C++, SQL Web & Cloud: HTML5, AWS, Azure, Git, CSS, Docker Data & Analysis: Data Mining, Data Visualization, Feature Engineering, Pandas, NumPy, MariaDB, MySQL Interpersonal Skills: Communication, Cross-functional Team Collaboration, Team Leadership, Project Management PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Software Engineer and Artificial Intelligence Engineer Advance LLC Jan 2024 - Present
● Engineering a simplified Supply Chain Management (SCM) System to significantly reduce impact of cascading problems affecting up to 70% of daily shipments, demonstrating expertise in SQL, Python, and Docker.
● Developing a simulated logistics operation using Python to generate shipping orders and integrating a MariaDB database, effectively modeling real-world logistics challenges within a Docker-contained environment.
● Creating a LLM tool using RAG and reinforcement learning to help HR professionals improve workflows. Market & Competitive Intelligence Research Consultant Proactive Worldwide Schaumburg, IL Aug 2008 - Aug 2019
● Programmed and designed HTML5-based research tool to conduct 3.6K + surveys of 4 food delivery competitors across 12 cities, automating work of 30+ researchers, which generated $600K in revenue in 3 months.
● Partnered with engineering design software client to reveal automotive component designs, leading to improved data management, a new product strategy, and 3 new product development opportunities that generated $3M in revenue.
● Offshored administrative tasks, saving 60% of research time with 17X results while reducing costs by 50%. TECHNICAL PROJECT EXPERIENCE
Interview Buddy: Empowering users with real-time emotional awareness, enhancing self-presentation Repo
● Created a deep learning AI tool using Python, PyTorch, natural language processing and Hugging Face transformers that informs users of emotional expressions via speech recognition, facial expressions, and voice.
● Achieved 84.3% accuracy predicting user emotions using vocal intonations through extensive training on RAVDESS and TESS datasets and hyperparameter tuning.
● Developed a facial expression recognition CNN model with 67% accuracy in emotion prediction. Used the FERPLUS dataset, the only fully open-source dataset but images are only 48x48 pixels. Self-Driving Model Car: Prototyping a vehicle to handle most obstacle course scenarios Video Repo
● Collaborated with a team of 3 using Python, TensorFlow Lite, and AWS to create an agile self-driving model car using ultrasound and computer vision enabled camera to detect objects, people, and traffic signs.
● Adapted to variations in obstacle courses and achieved a 95%+ success rate in avoiding collisions.
● Designed and integrated 2D map, perception data, and routing algorithm to create optimal driving paths, resulting in a 20% reduction in average travel time and successfully navigating within ~7cm of destination point.
● Developed data collection and data preprocessing algorithms to capture and transmit statistics and data to AWS. Life-Coach : Personal AI-powered Emotional Chatbot to Boost Goal Achievement and Personal Growth Video Repo
● Created Raspberry Pi AI chat-bot that interprets intonations, expressions, speech recognition, and sentiment analysis.
● Built using Python, AWS Polly, WebEmpath API, Luxand API, Google Transcription APIs, ChatGPT API.
● Implemented Google cloud API to store and upload user data to accounts for long-term analysis. EDUCATION
Master of Computer Science with a focus on ML, NLP, & DS University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign Dec 2022 Master of Business Administration in Marketing and Strategy Booth School of Business, University of Chicago Bachelor of Arts in Economics & International Relations University of Wisconsin - Madison
Contact this candidate