ADITYA PAWAR
ad6zq9@r.postjobfree.com +1-689-***-**** 4236 Spoleto Circle, Oviedo, FL, 32765 https://github.com/216aditya4565 https://www.linkedin.com/in/adityaanilpawar281902/ Porfolio Link - https://wizardly-kepler-a4251a.netlify.app/ EDUCATION
University of Central Florida, Orlando August’22 – May’24 Master’s in Computer Science, CGPA:- 3.8/4
University of Mumbai, Mumbai August’16 – June’20
Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science, CGPA: 7.95 / 10 TECHNICAL SKILLS
● Programming Languages: Python, Microsoft SQL Server, React JS, jQuery, AJAX, XML, JSON, Bash Scripts, Javascript, C++, HTML.
● Tools: Anaconda, GitHub, Tableau, Amazon AWS, Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio, JIRA, Visual Studio Code, Microsoft Teams.
● Skills: Data Structures & Algorithms, Object Oriented Programming, Machine Learning, Data Mining, Data Analysis, Malware and Software Vulnerability Analysis, Computer Forensics.
● Relevant Coursework: Software Engineering, Machine Learning, Advanced AI, Malware and Software Vulnerability Analysis, Natural Language Processing, Data Structures and Algorithms, Database Management Systems. WORK EXPERIENCE
Graduate Research Assistant – University of Central Florida, Orlando, Florida, USA Jan’24 – May’24
● Worked on the multivariate data analysis of harmful algae blooms and the Red Tide Project in Florida using dependence and interdependence methods by analyzing the dataset using Python and SQL.
● Updated the content on the website using WordPress and Hostinger for the university, GCOOS and NCOOS. Graduate Teaching Assistant – University of Central Florida, Orlando, Florida, USA Feb 2023 – Sep 2023
Provided students with Object Oriented Programming classes which includes Encapsulation, Inheritance, Polymorphism, Abstraction and Programming methods, along with assisting professor with grading the assignments online as well as offline.
Conducted Office hours and assisted students by solving their queries pertaining to Object Oriented Concepts and Java. Associate Software Engineer - Merkle, Mumbai, India November’20 – October’22
● Created new batch jobs and pipelines using Informatica ETL tool, Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio, Windows PowerShell, and Python scripts and built the batch jobs based on schedule and job dependencies in Tidal Workflow Automation Software, thereby increasing the efficiency of the systems.
● Checked the Informatica PowerCenter ETL Workflow Monitor by investigating the flat files to identify the line numbers in the flat files that have invalid characters for the files to get processed within 30 minutes as per the service level agreement of the client and checked the Tidal Automation Workflow jobs for the clients Carters and Converse.
● Communicated with the client and business leads for the clients Converse and Canon about the status of the data refresh and automating the manual task of sending an email to the client daily with the help of Python, Microsoft SQL Server and Shell Scripts.
● Responsible for investigating the AWS Redshift console, Snowflake and S3 Bucket for performance tuning and problem solving and for investigating Data Files issues using Big Query in Google Cloud Platform and Microsoft Azure
● Analyzed transactional data to identify irregular patterns and potential fraud, contributing to the development of robust fraud prevention strategies.
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Loan Default Prediction using Logistic Regression Algorithm (https://github.com/216aditya4565/Loan-Default-Prediction )–Mumbai University
● Utilized logistic regression algorithm to develop predictive models for loan default prediction.
● Analyzed the previous records of the customers (such as Applicant Income, Loan Amount, Loan Amount Term, etc.) and then predicted whether the person will be a defaulter for their bank when they take a loan in the later future or not.
● Provided recommendations and insights based on model predictions to aid in loan approval decision-making processes by the help of GUI
(Graphical User Interface) as displayed in the output.png file in GitHub repository behind the accident. Snowflake Azure Project to build a Health Care Analytics Dashboard (https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9137804 ) – Mumbai University
Built and deployed Linear Regression, Random Forest, and XGBoost models in AWS Sagemaker to predict patient length of stay.
Integrated data from Snowflake using snowflake-connector-python and snowflake-sqlalchemy. Inserted real-time predictions back into Snowflake.
Scheduled AWS Sagemaker Notebooks for model training and scoring. Automated status emails to monitor the predictive analytics process. Exploratory Data Analytics of Bank Customer Churn using Python (https://shorturl.at/clxI6) – University of Central Florida
● Utilized data science libraries such as Pandas, NumPy, and Scikit-learn to extract, preprocess, and analyze customer churn data effectively.
● Implemented data visualization solutions using Matplotlib and Seaborn to communicate insights derived from churn analysis
● Conducted exploratory data analysis using Pandas and visualization libraries to identify patterns, trends, and anomalies in customer behavior.
EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES/AWARDS/VOLUNTEERING
● Won the individual brilliance award twice for handling the clients with 100% ownership and optimizing performance(https://shorturl.at/vwCIN ).
● President of the Scholastic Association of Graduates in Engineering by the University of Central Florida.
● Won the second prize by Microsoft AI in an intra-collegiate hackathon organized by FIU (https://lnkd.in/g6amrwig).
● Co-authored a research paper on ‘Crowd Dynamics’ and won the first prize in an intra-college exhibition.
Contact this candidate