SWARNALATA PATRA
Leuven, Belgium
+32-468-***-***
adavg9@r.postjobfree.com
https://github.com/swarnalatapatra
www.linkedin.com/in/swarnalata-patra-01116593
PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY
Have an experience of around 5 years as a machine learning and software developer in IT. Currently pursuing my masters in Artificial intelligence and looking for opportunities where I could learn and implement my knowledge in the AI industry.
EDUCATION:
Advanced MSc in Artificial Intelligence
KU Leuven - Leuven, Belgium
Sept. 2018 – Jan. 2020
(expected)
Advanced Course in Embedded Systems
Vector India Pvt. Ltd.
July 2012 - Jan 2013
Bachelor in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering Silicon Institute of Technology, Bhubaneswar, India GPA (Final Award Grade): 9.1/10.0
July 2008 – June 2012
INTERNSHIP:
VITO Research Institute
Creation, optimization and evaluation of multimodal deep learning models for accurate detection of disease and disease risk from retinal images Oct 2019 - present
Risk Concile, Leuven
Worked on Text summarization and sentiment analysis of news articles using LSTM and Deep learning architectures
Sept. 2019 - Oct 2019
Master Thesis on Interactive Constraint Learning for Nurse Rostering Problems Building a machine learning model to learn constraints for Hospital nurse rostering through user interaction and automatic constraints update. Nov 2018 – May 2019
RESEARCH &
PROJECT
TOPICS
KU Leuven – Artificial Neural Networks and Deep Learning ANN’s concepts with its mathematical background. MLP, back-propagation, generalization techniques, optimization methods, RNN, SVM, CNN, GAN’s.
KU Leuven – Uncertainty in Artificial Intelligence Studied Probabilistic graphical models ranging from Bayesian and Markov networks to Factor graphs and Hidden Markov models.
KU Leuven – Genetic Algorithms and Evolutionary Computing Implementation of Genetic Algorithm for TSP Problem KU Leuven – Machine Learning and Inductive Inference Machine Learning Concepts, Decision Trees, Evaluation metrics, Clustering, Probabilistic methods, ROC curve, Reinforcement learning, Ensemble methods, Logical Programming. KU Leuven – PROLOG
Logical Programming for Artificial Intelligence, including facts and rules. Constraint logical programming. Heuristic algorithm applications like A*
KU Leuven – Cognitive Science
Research essay on "Role of Communicative Intent in the comprehension of Actions and Gestures" KU Leuven – Fundamentals of Artificial Intelligence Basic & heuristic search methods, optimality, backtracking & hybrid techniques for constraint processing, general resolution theorem proving for 1st order predicate logic. KU Leuven – Analysis of Large-scale social networks Twitter Network Analysis with various centrality measures and community detection algorithms, with interactive network Visualisation implemented in Python.
KU Leuven – Data Mining
Concepts of data pre-processing, ensemble methods, sequence mining, clustering, time series and anomaly detection in data.
KU Leuven – Computer Vision
Implementation of Autoencoders mimicking PCA as well as non-linear CNN networks. Object classification with fine tuning and reconstruction of images using autoencoders. Object classification based on binary Image Segmentation techniques. KU Leuven – Biometrics System concepts
Facial detection: classification, recognition, verification and identification using deep learning techniques. KU Leuven – Text Based Information Retrieval
Project on Visual Question answering system using LSTM and deep learning techniques. Vector India
C, C++, Linux Internals, TCP/IP, Socket Programming, 8051, Embedded C, ARM Processors. Silicon Institute of Technology, Bhubaneswar (India) Mobile computing, VLSI design, Internet Technology and Applications. Digital Image Processing, Digital electronic Circuits. Analog communications, Control System Engineering. Network Theory, Mathematics, C, C++. Electro-magnetic fields and waves. Basic Electronics, Physics, Chemistry and Mathematics English TOEFL Score: 110/120
Reading 26, Listening 28, Speaking 27, Writing 29
INDUSTRY
WORK
EXPERIENCE
Team Lead in Infosys Limited (India), client UBS
Leading a Team of 15 people in the offshore location and training them with the project requirement. Day to day batch analysis, monitoring performance, doing root cause analysis for incidents. OAT test cases execution. Tracking of issues and raising defects to Development teams and taking them to closure with effective retesting. Deploy, maintain and support critical Business End user applications of UBS Investment Bank and Wealth Management. Reduce the number of known issues/Incidents by Effective Problem Management Solutions. Planning and Prioritizing Infrastructure upgrade and maintenance tasks.
Development and application of machine learning algorithms to detect and prevent credit card frauds for UBS Bank. Performed feature engineering on 1.5 Terabyte of credit card transactions and building fraud detection models using XG Boost and Deep Learning algorithms.
20 Aug 2017 – 15 Apr 2018
In House Project:
Infosys customer feedback sentiment analysis using deep learning. This project is targeted to help identifying sentiments from the feedbacks submitted by its valuable customers. Infosys has very efficient mechanism to capture customers’ feedbacks through online portals. Here we have identified customer’s pain points and ensured they are dealt with in timely fashion.
Senior Software Engineer in Infosys Limited (Singapore), client UBS Worked on multiple testing environments.
Extracting and analysing performance data for new code being deployed in UBS Credit Risk
Production parallel/UAT environments which involve 4000+ Autosys Jobs handling 15TB of data
(for Investment Banking & Wealth Management) with stringent SLA’s to be met for daily batch
completion.
Communicate with Client as well as BA team if any changes are required. 15 Aug 2015 – 15 Aug 2017
Systems Engineer in Infosys Limited (India), client American Express Worked on Informatica Tool- Workflow Designer, Monitor, Manager Production environment: Running AutoSys jobs manually or through a tool Control M. Back tracing the issues in case of failures, analysing errors and issues. Automating various manual jobs using Shell scripting. 15 Apr 2013 – 15 Apr 2015
HONORS AND
AWARDS
Google Hashcode Hackathon
Top 10 in the KU Leuven participants of Google Hashcode Programming competition. To arrange the different pictures tagged by hash tags, according to correlation between them to make a slide show. Datathon KU Leuven
Worked in a team of 4 people in the Hackathon competition. Given a food dataset, and their nutrient values, data analysis was done to come up with outstanding conclusions. Infosys Limited
Certificate of Appreciation for outstanding performance and Valuable contribution IIT Kharagpur, Robotix Technology Society
Certificate of Appreciation for finalists in Wedged event in Robotix, Kshitij 2009. Silicon Institute of Technology, Bhubaneswar (India) Scholars Club membership for achieving a CGPA of 9 or above SKILLSET &
COMPETENCIES:
Multiple projects using Deep Convolutional Neural Networks for instance segmentation, semantic segmentation, key point detection and Image classification.
Practical use of Computer Vision architectures: Mask R-CNN, SegNet, DeepCut, AlexNet, VGG16. Knowledge of approximate inference in Probabilistic Graphical Models, feed forward MLP, PCA, clustering methods (K- means, SOM).
Objective-C, Prolog and Logic programming, AI search techniques, genetic algorithms. Python: Keras, OpenCV, Scikit-learn, pandas, Numpy, Matplotlib. MATLAB: General programming and Tool boxes: Image Processing, Signal Processing, Neural Networks, Computer Vision Systems.
Other Languages: PROLOG, Logical Programming, SQL, Shell Scripting, PL/SQL, Perl, C, C++, Oracle. Tools: MATLAB, ETL - Informatica Power Centre 9.1/9.0.1 (Primary), Tibco EMS, SCHEDULING: CONTROL M, AUTOSYS Putty, Toad, Quality Centre, Service Now. OTHER SKILLS:
Leadership skills - used to lead a team of around 15 people in my project in India. Organisational skills - Event manager in college as well as work. Volunteering - I volunteered as a teacher in a school for the less privileged. Active member of Zeal Organization working for the empowerment of orphan children.
Contact this candidate