AMIT SUDAN
+91-956******* adffhv@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn URL: https://www.linkedin.com/in/amit-sudan-29a9b4a6 PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Have Strong academic background with skills in Statistics, Predictive Analytics, Data Science, Machine Learning, Text analytics using NLP, and Android development using Java.
Well versed with programming language & algorithm
Well versed with Statistical techniques and Machine Learning algorithms.
Strong analytical and quantitative skills.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Programming Languages: Python, Java, C, C++
Database/Query Language: SQL, MS-Access, MySQL
Analytics Techniques: Linear & Logistic Regression, K-Nearest Neighbor, Support Vector Machine, Decision Trees, Ensemble: Random Forest, Bagging, Boosting: AdaBoost and Xgboost, Stacking, Segmentation: KMeans, Market Basket Analysis, Collaborative Filtering.
Visualization Tools: Matplotlib, SNS, Tableau, PowerBI. CERTIFICATIONS & MACHINE LEARNING PROJECTS
Data Science and Machine Learning using Python from AnalytixLabs
Topics Covered: Basic Python, Statistics: Basic Statistics, Hypothesis testing, machine learning: Supervised Learning, Unsupervised Learning, Regression, Classification, Segmentation, Random Forest, Ensemble Models, Natural Language Processing (NLP), Artificial Neural Network (ANN).
Key Projects Completed:
1. Predicting Credit Card Spend & Identifying Key Drivers: Identified the key drivers for credit card spend to get credit card limit insights.
2. Wal-Mart Store Sales Forecasting: Predicted store sales using historical markdown data 3. Network Intrusion Detection System: Built network intrusion detection system to detect anomalies and attacks in the network.
4. Segmentation of Credit Card Customers: Developed a customer segmentation to define marketing strategy. The sample dataset summarizes the usage behavior of about 9000 active credit card holders during the last 6 months.
5. Bank Reviews-Complaints Analysis: Analysis of customer reviews and predicted customer satisfaction with the reviews.
6. Analyzing online Job Postings: To understand the dynamics of the labor market of Armenia using the online job portal post as a proxy. Implemented advanced text analytics as a proof of concept to create additional features such as enhanced search function that can add additional value to the users of the job portal. Data to Dashboard 30: A Tableau Workshop from Free The Data Academy
Built charts and dashboards using Tableau.
Learnt how to share the tableau dashboard to its public server. Analyzing and Visualizing Data with Power BI from Microsoft-DAT2017x (https://edx.org)
Learnt how to connect, explore, and visualize data with Power BI. WORK EXPERIENCE
Android Developer (Greenerace Technologies Pvt. Ltd.) (July 2019 - Present)
Designed multiple UI’s for different screens of Bono Ride android app (published on Google Play Store).
Built Java code for the above screens.
Integrated different social sites APIs and other REST APIs in the above application.
Coded some modules of above android app’s backend using Python.
Managed complete backend code written in PHP and MySQL. Android Developer (Iwebbies Web Solutions Pvt. Ltd.) (Dec 2015 – Dec 2016)
Designed multiple UI’s for different screens of various android apps (some published on Google Play Store).
Built Java code for the above applications.
Integrated different social sites APIs and other REST APIs in the above application.
Worked on different APIs of E-Commerce modules.
Managed complete backend code written in PHP and MySQL.

Software Developer/ Android Developer (Manthan Technologies) (Dec 2014 – Nov 2015)
Developed School Management System using Java and Oracle.
Developed Hotel Management System offline software for hotels using JFrames.
Designed and developed an android application for a logistic company.
Designed and developed an android application for Accident Insurance company.
Lead the team in software development and mobile application development. EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION
M.E in Computer Science and Engineering from Chandigarh University, Mohali, Punjab with CGPA of 8.11.
B.E in Computer Science and Engineering with 62.4 % from The Oxford College of Engineering, Bangalore. PUBLICATIONS
“Digital Legacy: Posterity Rights Analysis and proposed model for Digital Memorabilia Adoption using Machine Learning”, International Journal of Advanced Computer Science and Applications (IJACSA), Vol. 10, Issue 5, Paper 12, 2019
“Privacy Rights for digital assets and digital legacy right for posterity: A Survey”, Advances in Data and Information Sciences. Lecture Notes in Networks and Systems, Vol. 94, Page No. 521-529.
Contact this candidate