Praveen Alex Mathew
Machine Learning (ML) Intern
• Tempe, Arizona USA, 85281 • +1-623-***-**** • adpxxz@r.postjobfree.com • https://www.linkedin.com/in/praveen-alex-mathew
• https://praveenmathew92.github.io/ • https://github.com/PraveenMathew92/ • https://praveen-alex-mathew.medium.com/ Summary: Masters student with close to 4 years of experience as a Full Stack Developer aspiring to be an Artificial Intelligence(AI) or Machine Learning Engineer with relevant coursework in Machine Learning and Statistics including Natural Language Processing. Have worked with Data Science teams on tasks like Exploratory Data Analysis and assisted them with the development, testing, and deployment of machine learning models. Interested in learning and applying technology to solve real-world problems.
EDUCATION
Master of Science in Computer Science Dec 2022(Expected) Arizona State University, Arizona, US 3.83/4 GPA
Bachelor of Technology, Computer Science and Engineering Sept 2017 Cochin University of Science and Technology, Kerala, India 7.47/10 GPA TECHNICAL SKILLS
Programming Languages: STRONG: Python, Java, JavaScript, Kotlin, Bash, HTML/CSS Familiar: C++, C. Tools: Numpy, Pandas, Flask, Django, FastAPI, scikit-learn, PyTorch, OpenCV, Keras, TensorFlow, spaCy, Spring Boot 2, NodeJS, ReactJS, Redux, Git, yarn, gradle, docker, Gitlab CI/CD, Grafana Databases: SQL Oracle, SQLite, NoSQL: Cassandra, MongoDB. Skills: Deep Learning, Convolutional neural network(CNN), Recurrent Neural Network(RNN), Transforms, Data Science(DS), Machine Learning(ML), Distributed Systems, Exploratory Data Analysis, Data Wrangling. PROJECTS
● Classify American Sign Language from Gestures (COMPUTER VISION): colab link
Used keras data loader to multiprocess large numbers of input images to the model.
Developed a CNN with max pooling and a Softmax layer after training for 30 epochs.
Achieved F1 score of 0.8412
● Sentiment Analysis on Tweets (NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING): colab link
Implemented the Bert model from the transformers library to tokenize and encode the tweets.
Created a multilayered perceptron using PyTorch to classify the encoded tweets.
Achieved Accuracy of 71.51%
● Contribution to rxjava2-jdbc (OPEN SOURCE PROJECT) an open source reactive database driver: link
Raised an issue on the outdated API being used in the project's codebase.
Submitted a pull request that fixes the issues and makes sure that the build does not break.
The change has been released to maven central as part of jar: com.github.davidmoten:rxjava2-jdbc:0.2.6
● Async Chatroom with Coroutines (SIDE PROJECT): github link
A terminal app that helps multiple terminal sessions communicate using netcat
Used coroutines API provided by Python for concurrent processing. WORK EXPERIENCE
Application Developer, ThoughtWorks, India Dec 2017 to Aug 2021
● Followed the agile practices of software development like Test Driven Development and Continuous Integration and developed code with 98% test coverage.
● Enhanced the gradle build time by 84% using appropriate tasks.
● Hands-on experience by working with the Data Scientists on Exploratory Data Analysis and Data Wrangling.
● Developed Normalized Database Architecture for and wrote optimized SQL queries for RDBMS databases.
● Led the efficient containerization of machine learning models using Docker by reducing image size by 70% and configured deployment pipelines for the same with Gitlab CI/CD pipelines.
● Work in a cross-functional team and collaborate by sharing coding best practices, mentoring junior developers.
● Technologies: python, Java, Kotlin, ReactJs, docker, git, Cassandra, Oracle, Gitlab CI/CD.
Contact this candidate