Priyanka Padinam
Boston, MA +1-617-***-**** adxzhp@r.postjobfree.com PriyankaPadinam
EDUCATION
Northeastern University, Khoury College of Computer Sciences, Boston, MA Expected Apr 2024
Master of Science in Data Science GPA: 3.66
Coursework: Algorithms, Machine Learning, DBMS, Data Management and Processing, and NLP.
Vasireddy Venkatadri Institute of Technology, Andhra Pradesh, India. Jul 2016 - Oct 2020
Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering GPA: 8
Coursework: Data Structures & Algorithms, Data Warehouse Management, Artificial Intelligence, and Statistics.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Programming Languages: Python, SQL, R, Java, C, C++, C#, JavaScript
Machine Learning & Data Analysis: Pytorch, Keras, TensorFlow, Scikit-Learn, NumPy, Pandas, XGBoost, PCA
Data Visualization & Reporting: Tableau, Power BI, R Shiny, MS Excel
Database & Data Management: MySQL, MongoDB, Big Data, Hadoop, Hive
Tools & Technologies: Version Control - GIT, Postman
Cloud & Infrastructure: Google Firebase, AWS
Certifications: Python, Supervised Machine Learning, Neural Networks & Deep Learning

WORK EXPERIENCE
DBMS Teaching Assistant - Northeastern University, Boston MA Jan 2023 – Apr 2023
Facilitated office hour sessions twice a week to clarify students' doubts regarding the course materials and assignments, fostering one-on-one interactions, and personally guided and assessed 17 students' work.
Collaborated with the professor in assessing students' assignments and provided comprehensive progress updates during the weekly meetings.
Research Assistant - Northeastern University, Boston MA Sep 2022 – Dec 2022
Implemented and demonstrated Bellman-Ford algorithm and memoized Dynamic programming approach to optimal subset selection for ‘Algorithms & Optimization’ course on 'Odlearn' online learning platform.
Investigated meta-heuristic algorithms like Genetic Algorithm, Ant Colony Optimization, and Tabu search. Achieved successful course launch within a tight deadline of 2 weeks from joining by efficiently completing all assigned tasks.
Project Engineer - Wipro Ltd, India Dec 2020 - Dec 2021
Designed a Python program to scrape data from more than 50,000 JIRA pages and loaded it into an Excel sheet to be later leveraged by a tool which improves the team's work efficiency.
Generated manual and automated testing results using SQL and Java, successfully enhancing the delivery rate by 50%.
Spearheaded with team leads and software developers to design a data analytics dashboard to display key insights about tool, resulting in a 70% increase in project tracking efficiency.
Developer – Intern - Technovert, India May 2019 - Jul 2019
Developed a 'Blogging' mobile app both front-end and back-end with Flutter and Firebase technologies in 5 days.
Gained proficiency in essential coding standards, including abstraction principles and Model-View-Controller pattern.

PROJECTS
Chatbot Trained on SQUAD, Northeastern University Mar 2023 – Apr 2023
Designed a Question Answering (QA) model using SQUAD dataset and DistilBERT-based model checkpoint, utilized TensorFlow and Keras for model training, with mixed precision for improved performance.
Pre-processed the dataset using the Hugging Face Transformers library, attained a loss of 0.5 by evaluating the model's performance using validation data and fine-tuning hyperparameters for optimal results.
Emotions Classification, Northeastern University Jan 2023 – Feb 2023
Developed an end-to-end machine learning system to detect the sentiment in a text, using GoEmotions dataset achieving an accuracy of 75% with Naïve Bayes, Logistic Regression, & Random Forest models with TF-IDF vectors.
Experimented with CNN and RNN models with Glove word embeddings, acquired 89% accuracy. Incorporated the self-attention mechanism and implemented DistilBert model and further boosted the accuracy to 92-93%.
Data Mining on Articles, Northeastern University Jun 2022 – Jul 2022
Built logical data model, relational schema in MySQL, enhanced ETL skills by extracting data from a 10-million-line XML document, cleaned, and transformed, then loaded it in the relational database.
Created an analytical database implementing Star schema for efficient data retrieval to provide quick results for analytical queries and performed data mining for insights, visualized results using ggplot2.
Contact this candidate