Kyle Soderlund
Lansing, Michigan adzd3c@r.postjobfree.com 248-***-**** https://www.linkedin.com/in/kyle-soderlund-763099186/ SUMMARY
I'm Kyle Soderlund, a driven software engineer with a genuine passion for cutting-edge technologies. My previous experience at Lockheed Martin Space allowed me to delve into various programming languages such as C, C++, Java, Python, and even explore the fascinating realm of Machine Learning. I thrive on problem-solving and have a natural inclination for innovation, consistently developing and implementing effective software solutions. At this point in my career, I'm actively seeking a Software Engineer role that will enable me to leverage my expertise and contribute to exciting projects, while also expanding my knowledge in the dynamic field of Computer Science. EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science
• Michigan State University • East Lansing, MI • 2023 EXPERIENCE
IT Support & Maintenance
Cyclone Servers June 2023 – Present, Remote
• Assist customers with technical issues via live chat.
• Migrate Client’s data across datacenters.
• Maintain backups of customer information.
Software Engineer via MSU Capstone
Lockheed Martin Space January 2023 - May 2023, East Lansing Worked with a team of five other developers during the development of SmartSat SDK Manager & AI Platform, ensuring timely delivery of the software product, received high satisfaction from client. Identified and mitigated technical issues during development of Lockheed Martin Space SmartSat SDK Manager & AI Platform. Created back-end for an API with Flask and MySQL.
Achieved APU inferencing on AMD V1000 APU with PyTorch. Conducted analysis on Bruhnspace Repository and associated libraries to achieve GPU inferencing on unsupported hardware CERTIFICATIONS
Basics of Cyber Security
Google • 2023
Common sense principles in maintaining network security. RELEVANT COURSEWORK
Collaborative Design (Capstone)
Michigan State University • Working with a small team of others to deliver client a finished product. • 2023 deliver Delivered solution that was fully functional to a client within 4 months. Utilized Python, Flask, SQL and NodeJS. Intro to AI
Michigan State University • Analytical Problem Solving & Mathematics • 2021 Analytical Problem Solving
Software Engineering
Michigan State University • Problem Solving Skills, Analytical Thinking • 2022 Coordinated with a small number of people to develop an EPAS controller Autonomous Vehicles
Michigan State University • Programming, debugging, and problem solving, team work • 2022 Programming a system to detect EV wheel slip using sensor fusion. Mobile App Development
Michigan State University • Java • 2022
Programming Java Mobile Applications
Database Systems
Michigan State University • Learning to Implement A Useful Database • 2021 SQL
SKILLS
C, C++, Python, SQL, Java, ASM, Git, Machine Learning, Database Management, Linux, Computer Vision, Interpersonal Communication
Contact this candidate