FawadAli
BS Electrical Engineering.
Email:adzpxv@r.postjobfree.com
Cell:+92-341-*******
LinkedIn:https://www.linkedin.com/in/fawad-ali-a54a61209
Address:Islamabad,Pakistan
Electrical Engineering Graduate with core interests in Digital Systems, Electrical Circuits, Microcontroller based Systems, Machine Learning and IoT backed with good designing skills. I am passionate and aggressive engineer with team leadership and problem-solving skills, strong analytical thinking and planning skills and strong resistance to stress and adaptability. Able to handle multiple projects simultaneously with high professionalism and accuracy.
Islamabad Electric Supply Company(IESCO)-(SEP2020–OCT2020) Engineering Intern
Assisted senior engineers and management with clerical duties to keep department functioning and work flows running smoothly.Worked at Grid Stations to see the flow of electricity across the city.

AI Information Technology Solutions–(JAN2021 –FEB2021) Technical Writing Intern
Admin Assistant
Utilized exceptional writing, editing and proofreading skills to produce engaging and errorfree content.Wrote1000-word assignments according to instructions.
(worked as an admin assistant utilized the basic knowledge of MS Excel,MS Word,MS Office,MS Power Point)
Roomi Engineering Services Pvt Ltd Islamabad, Pakistan–(JUN2022) Survey and Design Engineer.
Work as Survey and Design Engineer.
Tender approval, Project cost estimation, Quotation documentation, Calculation of the load for system installation, Checking quality of Inverter and solar panels, Designing for installation of panels with respect to sunlight, Earthing Mechanism, Application process of Net metering.

General Industrial Safety and Health.
(OSHA Academy Technocrats Institute of Engineering and Technology).

Develop and distribute safety procedures and guidelines for equipment operation.
Analyze potentially dangerous workplace practices and make recommendations accordingly.
Provide Support on health and safety services in coordination with program and personal teams with OSHA rules and requirements.

PROFILE
EXPERIENCE
SSC (10thGrade)
FaujiFoundation
Model School Chak Shahzad
Islamabad.
(2013–2015)
90%
HSSC (12thGrade)
PAKTURK
International College,
Islamabad.
(2015–2017)
81%
BS (Electrical Engineering)
Bahria University Islamabad
Campus (2017–2021)
2.77 CGPA.
Final Year Project (FYP).
“IoTBased Heart Attack Monitoring Prediction System” The device monitors the basic parameters of heart like Heart rate, ECG, and Blood Pressure using wearable sensors. Using IoT, the device stores the data into the cloud servers and by applying machine learning algorithms it predicts the chances of heart attack.
Learning.
Interfacing different modules with microcontroller
Cloud computing
Designing and presentation of product.
Semester Projects.
WindPower Generator.
Transformer Health Kit.
CarCounter for Parking Lot Using 8051 Microcontrollers.
Smart Industry Using Conveyor Belts and PLC.
Face Detection System using Digital Image Processing. Technicl
skills
MATLAB Simulink, AutoCAD, WordPress Web Development, Proteus, Tinkercad,MS Visual Studio, PCB Designing, Machine Learning, C++, C, Python, Cisco Packet Tracer, Circuit Analysis and Development.
Misc. Adobe(Photoshop,Illustrator),MS office, SketchUp Pro 2017. Certificates OSHA (Occupational Safety and Health Administration). Office Automation course(2017).
Ability to cope up with different situations.Co-operative,innovative and hardworking.
Very good temperament and enjoy challenges.
Good communication and team leadership skills.
I here by declare that the above written particulars are true to the best knowledge and belief. PROJECTS
MY COMMITTMENTS
EDUCATION
SKILLS &
CERTIFICATES
DECLARATION:
Contact this candidate