SAI KRISHNA GADAVARTHI
adzyav@r.postjobfree.com 813-***-**** Tampa, FL www.linkedin.com/in/sai-krishna-g

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Experience in Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud platform like EC2, Lambda, Step, Virtual private clouds (VPCs), Storage models (EBS, S3, Redis, instance storage), Elastic Load Balancers (ELBs), Glue, Fargate, Cloud Formation, Cloud watch, Cloud trail.
Responsible to manage data coming from various sources and loading them to MYSQL database by changing them to required format for the current application.
Proficient in implementing Object Oriented Programming (OOPs) concepts.
Experience in developing web applications with the help of Python, Django, HTML and CSS.
Experience in working with build tools like Zephyr, Maven, Ant, and application containers like Apache, Tomcat.
Experience in working with GitHub, Git Bucket and SVN repositories.
Experienced in Automating and Scheduling Scripts using Python and Shell Scripting.
Experience in implementation projects like Agile and Waterfall methodologies.
Familiar with Jenkins for CI/CD process implementation.
Good knowledge of containerizing applications using Docker.
Familiar in managing containerized workloads and services using Kubernetes.
Worked with enterprise applications and IDE's such as Jupiter Notebook, PyCharm, Spyder and Visual Studio.

EXPERIENCE
Client: AT&T June 2021- To till date
Location: Tampa, FL (Remote)
Title: Software Engineer
Implemented AWS services, including EMR, S3, Lambda, Glue, Fargate, Redis, Step Functions, CloudFormation, Snowflake and Event Rules, and services to build and deploy data processing applications on the cloud.
Designed and built data processing applications using Pyspark on AWS Glue which consumes data from AWS S3 buckets, apply necessary transformations and store onto S3.
Developed and executed an automation script leveraging Python libraries (NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib, Seaborn) for data cleaning, manipulation, and quality assurance, reduced data processing time by 50% and improved data integrity and consistency.
Proficiently used Python scripting in combination with IaC tools such as Terraform and Ansible to automate the provisioning, configuration, and management of cloud infrastructure resources, achieving time and cost savings.
Created a Python, Django web-based application using Python scripting for data processing and MySQL for database, HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, React for data visualization.
Created RESTful services using Fast API to send and receive data from PostgreSQL, Dynamo DB, Redis and S3.
Developed and implemented machine learning models, including logistic regression, decision trees, random forests, and clustering algorithms, to analyze customer data and predict purchase behavior, resulting in a 20% increase in conversion rate and $1 million in additional revenue.
Streamlined data transformation workflows by leveraging advanced SAS functions and macros, resulting in a 30% reduction in transformation time and ensuring high-quality, error-free data outputs.
Exposure on management of both structure and unstructured data in MY SQL from various sources.
Maintained IaC codebases in version control systems (e.g., SVN), enabling efficient collaboration, code review, and tracking of infrastructure changes over time.
Implemented and optimized the continuous delivery pipeline using Jenkins, seamlessly integrating the GitHub repository, and automating Maven build commands, resulting in a 40% reduction in deployment time for the application running on Docker containers.
Environment: Python (NumPy, SciPy, Panda, Matplotlib, Plotly, Dash), AWS, Snowflakes, Machine Learning, Pyspark, ETL, CI/CD, Java, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, C++, Django, MySQL, SAS, Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes, ZEPHYR, JSON, Bash, SVN, Perl, Jira.
Client: Soft Tune August 2020 - May 2021
Location: Tampa, FL (Remote)
Title: Python Developer
Directed in Agile Scrum Methodology and Test-Driven Development (TDD) for the software development process to produce high quality Server application using Django, Python and My SQL.
Designed and implemented scalable Azure infrastructure solutions using Python IaC, enabling dynamic scaling of resources based on changing workloads, optimizing resource utilization, and cost savings.
Collaborated closely with DevOps teams to integrate Python IaC practices into Azure-based CI/CD pipelines, promoting a culture of automation and efficiency in the software delivery process.
Generated statistical analysis by processing collected data and Data Visualization using Python Pandas, Matplotlib, SciPy and NumPy packages.
Proficiently managed and orchestrated Azure cloud resources using Python, utilizing Azure SDKs and REST APIs to create, configure, and maintain virtual machines, databases, and other Azure services.
Developed RESTful APIs using Fast API to process the data from DB to another Rest Service. Created RESTful services like Drop wizard framework for web-services involving both JSON and XML.
Leveraged Python libraries and Azure services like Azure Databricks and Azure Synapse Analytics to process, analyze, and visualize large datasets, extracting valuable insights for decision-making.
Implemented data management strategies using Panda data frames and MySQL, leveraging Python-MySQL connector and MYSQL DB package to execute efficient queries and extract valuable insights for informed decision-making. Reduced data retrieval time by 40%.
Collaborated with the Application development teams and Data Modeling team to design and database objects.
Implemented Kubernetes to orchestrate Docker containers and configure the pods to run the application.
Environment: Python, Django, AWS, Machine Learning, Snowflake, Django, ETL, CI/CD, Java, HTM5, CSS, Django, MySQL, Docker, Jenkins, Kubernetes, Git, Agile.

Client: Ample Technologies June 2016 – May 2018
Location: Hyderabad, AP, India
Title: Python Developer
Experience in Amazon Web Services (AWS) provisioning and good knowledge of AWS services like IAM, EC2, Elastic Container Service, S3, Route53, Cloud Watch, AWS Glue, Fargate, Redis, Cloud Formation.
Used Terraform scripts to Automate Instances for Manual Instances and involved in infrastructure as code, execution plans, resource graph and change automation using Terraform.
Implemented container-based deployments using Docker, Docker images, Docker Hub, Docker Compose and Docker registries for task and service definitions to deploy tasks on AWS ECS clusters on AWS EC2 instances.
Developed custom-built ETL solution, batch processing, and real-time data ingestion pipeline to move data in and out of the cluster using PySpark on AWS Glue.
Configuration of nodes for Jenkins to customize builds for different operating systems, optimize and smooth running of builds jobs and deploy tagged versions of applications to AWS Beanstalk.
Used Django Framework in developing web applications and developed APIs to implement the model view control architecture.
Collaborated closely with DevOps and development teams to streamline the CI/CD pipeline, integrating IaC practices into the software delivery process, and promoting infrastructure as code best practices.
Involved in CI/CD process using GIT, Jenkins’s job creation and Maven to build the application and for configuration of infrastructure used Ansible.
Utilized Kubernetes to efficiently manage Docker containers, resulting in a 25% reduction in infrastructure for the application.
Used HTML, CSS, React as Front-End technologies, SQL as back-end Data base.
Performed different testing methodologies like unit testing, Integration testing and Selenium testing.
Environment: Python, AWS, Terraform, Django, Machine Learning, SQL, Java, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, MySQL, Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes, Jira.

SKILLS
Programming languages: C, C++, Java, Python, Groovy, HTML, Java Script, CSS, Perl, Shell Scripting.
Backend Databases: MySQL, Postgres SQL, Mongo DB.
Frameworks: Django, Flask, Fast API, Angular JS.
Cloud: AWS services (EC2, VPC, AMI, RDS, S3, Route53, IAM, ELB, Cloud Formation, Cloud Front, Cloud watch, lambda)
IDE: Eclipse, Anaconda, Notebook, PyCharm, Visual Studio code.
Tools: GitHub, SVN, Zephyr, Jira, Apache, Agile, Jenkins, SonarQube, Maven, Kubernetes, Snowflake, SAS, Airflow, Docker ML Lib.

EDUCATION
University of South Florida, Tampa, FL, USA
Master of Science in Electrical Engineering
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Kakinada, Kakinada, India
Bachelor in Electronics and Communication Engineering

CERTIFICATIONS
Programming for Everybody (Getting started with Python) by University of Michigan by Coursera.
Machine Learning by Stanford University by Coursera.
AWS Certified Solution Architect Associate by Amazon
Contact this candidate