JOSE THOMAS
Senior Technical Consultant
ab8f9l@r.postjobfree.com +974-****-**** +91-999*-****-** Doha, Qatar.
CARRIER OBJECTIVE
Senior Technical Consultant professional with 12+ years of experience in industrial automation technology, requirement analysis, pre-sales support, design and estimation, application development and implementation engineering, testing and commissioning, maintenance and support services. Industrial cyber security, Information security implementation and support services. Third party systems integrations, project management, execution plan/timeline and risk analysis.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Senior Technical Consultant
Omnix International – Promedia
Apr 2014 – April 2020 Doha, Qatar.
Requirement analysis, estimation, technical proposal submittal, design, application development and implementation engineering, engineering services for Wonderware system.
Historian configuration with SQL Server for data archive, play back, and report generation.
Third party PLC/RTU/systems integration with Wonderware systems SCADA systems.
Designed for high availability, with support of multiple redundant schemes, automatic failover server configuration and no loss of data.
Industrial cyber and Information security design and implementation for secure operation, patch management, authorization and auditing, network and system performance monitoring.
Endpoint malware protection with built-in data loss prevention, device control, whitelisting and host intrusion prevention.
Stratus everRun/FT Server/ztC Edge, pre-sale, requirement analysis, estimation, technical proposal submittal, designed for FT/HA automatic failover server configuration and no loss of data, implementation and support services.
Lenel OnGuard - Access control system implementation, integrations, and support services.
Project plan and execution, risk assessment, management, maintenance and support services.
Technical assistance to engineers during development, implementation, and support services.
Customer/end user training, Control centre maintenance and report generation.
Ensure deliverables are prepared to satisfy the project requirements, cost and schedule.
Experienced in SAP for Materials management, Inventory controls of deliverable of the project.

Project Control Engineer
Automation Controls Pvt. Ltd
April 2012 – April 2014 Mahendragiri, TN, India.
Application development, GUI, objects, application, and functional programming, implementation, testing and commissioning of Wonderware and Sigmatek systems,
Project plan, execution timeline, risk analysis and deliverables are prepared to satisfy the project requirements, cost and schedule,
Conducted Factory and Site Acceptance Test.

SCADA Engineer
Oman National Engineering and Investment Company (S.A.O.G)
July 2011 – March 2012 Muscat, Oman.
Maintenance and execution plan, managed PLC systems DELTA, SIEMESNS PLCs and Wonderware, Indusoft SCADA systems.
Risk assessment, technical assistance to the maintenance team in troubleshooting and maintained the systems up and running.
Prepared functional, Inspection procedures, operation and maintenance reports.
Resident Engineer
Automation Controls Pvt. Ltd
August 2007 – July 2011 Mahendragiri, TN, India.
Installation, configuration, application development, functional programming of SIGATEK PLC and IntelliMAX SCADA systems with OPC communication software.
Project execution, maintenance and support services.
Conducted Factory and Site Acceptance Test (FAT/SAT).
Annual maintenance, break down support services has been carried out.
A DAY OF MY LIFE

CERTIFICATIONS

Wonderware Certified
Stratus everRun Enterprise Certified
Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP)
Information Security
Lenel – OnGurad 7.6, 7.5 and 7.4 Certified
T-Box RTU Certified
Sigmatek PLC and IntelliMAX SCADA Certified
PROJECTS in Qatar
Sour Gas compressor
Qatar Petroleum, NGL3, Mesaieed
Wonderware systems, requirement analysis, design, installation, configuration, testing and commissioning.
Wonderware systems version upgrade/modification works
Qatar Petroleum, NGL3/4, Mesaieed
Wonderware systems version upgrade, modifications with addition of graphics, IOs in the existing system, maintenance and support services in NGL3 and 4.
Stratus everRun Enterprise implementation and support services.
Hamad Medical Corporation, Doha
Sidra Medicine, Doha
Al Bidha Park, Doha
QChem, West bay/Mesaieed
Ministry of Higher Education, Doha
Stratus everRun enterprise requirement analysis, design, implementation, testing and commissioning.
Tank Farm rehabilitation work
Qatar Petroleum, Tank Farm/MPB, Mesaieed
Wonderware systems modification with addition of graphics and IOs based on the requirements.
Wonderware systems version upgrade
Dolphin Energy, Raslaffan
Wonderware systems version upgrade in Rasalaffan plant.
Wonderware systems version upgrade/modification works
Qatar Aluminium, Plants/Vehicles, Mesaieed
Wonderware systems version upgrade and maintenance services in Qatalum plants and the vehicles.
Wonderware systems version upgrade/modification works
QAFAC, Mesaieed
Wonderware systems version upgrade, modifications, maintenance and support services.
Wonderware systems version upgrade/modification works
Gasal, Mesaieed
Wonderware systems version upgrade, modifications, maintenance and support services in Gasal.
Wonderware systems modification works QChem, Mesaieed
Wonderware systems modification and support services in Qatar Chemical.
LENEL OnGuard Access Control System
Mondrian Hotel, Jumeirah, Dubai
OnGuard 7.4 installation, configuration, integration, testing and commissioning of UTC lenel Access Control system.
STRENGTHS
Requirements analysis
Solution proposal, persuasive
Application development and implementation
Project management, Customer satisfaction
EDUCATION
M.E. in Computer and Communication
Anna University, Chennai
August 2012 – May 2014
B.Tech. in Information Technology
Anna University, Chennai
June 2004 – April 2007
Contact this candidate