Mary Catherine Trimarchi
**** ***** ****** ****
Cypress, Texas 77433
409-***-****
abn3ri@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Profile
• Highly proficient administrator and manager with excellent leadership abilities, analytical skills
and coordination expertise in both the public and private sectors.
• Proven consultant, offering advanced strategic thinking and problem solving techniques for
personnel issues, organizational development and complicated business concerns.
• Innovative and pro-active self-starter with outstanding abilities in time management, project
management and results-driven achievement.
• Experienced master document specialist, technical writer and editor with a history of
production that is object-oriented, creative and technically pure.
• Accomplished with exceptional communication skills and superior abilities focused on quality,
detail, organization and outcome.
• Expert performer in multi-tasking, group and individual communication and collaboration,
conflict resolution and performance assessment.
• Well-balanced in supervisory capabilities with exceptional contributions in staff motivation,
mediation and mentoring.
• Well-experienced in areas of communications, marketing, public relations, purchasing, human
resources, planning, development, implementation, logistics, sales and finance.

Work Experience
Business Consultant and Professional/Technical Writer - Employed by numerous individuals,
companies and organizations on a contract basis. Principally, this involves working as an
analytical business consultant with years of experience in creating viable solutions for difficult
business problems, particularly in the areas of prevention, recurrence, resolution and group
dynamics. Sphere of business consulting expertise specifically encompasses human resources,
ethics, marketing, public relations, sales, logistics, intra-organizational matrices, employee
impulsion, change actions and every type of communication. Additionally, it includes meeting
the individual composition, amendment, rewriting and editing needs of each client. Areas of
writing expertise include policies, procedures and instructional manuals, an extensive variety of
technical writing and technical reports, grants and grant repair, marketing copy, public relations
releases, newsletters, bulletins, news and general articles, feature pieces, bids, proposals and
business plans. Wide experience in all types of writing, particularly technical, but also including
creative writing and speeches. In both writing and consulting areas, offering a skill set that
includes perceptive analytical, inferential and intuitive abilities of discovery, to assist individuals
and groups in pinpointing problems and revealing concerns. This facilitates the effective creation
of targeted solutions that will avoid obstacles and complications and reduce and/or eliminate
unintended consequences. Self-Employed, Houston, the bay area and Galveston, Texas - 1992 to
present.
Mary Catherine Trimarchi - Resume - Page Two

Purchasing Administrator - Managed procurement and maintained inventory of thousands of
medical and supply items for eight hospitals. Particularly experienced in writing highly specific
and medically technical item descriptions for purchase orders and needs justification letters.
Researched and purchased all items necessary for new dialysis program developed with hospital
staff. Liaison between Hospital Administration, Purchasing, Materials Management, and
Accounting Departments. Excellent supervisory performances in staff motivation, mentoring and
conflict resolution. University of Texas Medical Branch, Galveston, Texas - 1988 to 1992.

Vice-President - Coordinated entire Merchant MasterCard and Visa Division, overseeing the
inception of point-of-sale electronic funds transfer in the southeast Texas region for customers
located in every state across the contiguous United States. Administered the relationships with all
regional and local agents and all merchants. Responsible for all applications, credit approvals,
electronic file establishment and maintenance, upload and download of files to terminals,
account research, customer service, and point-of-sale hardware and software. Excellent
supervisory performances in staff motivation, mentoring and conflict resolution. E. L. Price Bank,
Galveston, Texas - 1986 to 1988.

Vice-President - Administered large lumber yard and millworks operation. Purchased large
amounts of lumber, myriad wood products and thousands of tool and hardware items. Solely
responsible for financial side of business, including accounts receivable and payable, payroll,
cash and cash receipts. Additionally, managed human resources, customer service, insurance,
marketing, public relations and compliance with all federal, state and local oversight agencies.
Provided contractor financing through local banks. Liaison with U.S. Occupational Safety and
Health Administration. Reliable supervisory performances in staff motivation, mentoring, and
conflict resolution. Gulf Lumber Company and Millworks, Galveston, Texas - 1983 to 1986.

Director - Administered multi-company corporation owning travel agencies. Responsible for
financial side of businesses, including all accounts receivable and payable, payroll, cash, and
cash receipts. Additionally, managed human resources, customer service, insurance, marketing,
public relations, and compliance with all federal, state and local oversight agencies. Liaison with
U. S. Air Traffic Conference, the International Air Transportation Association and all major
airlines and tour companies. Good supervisory performances in staff motivation, mentoring, and
conflict resolution. World Wide People Movers, Inc., Houston, Texas - 1980 to 1983.

Education
University of St. Thomas - Houston, Texas. Bachelor of Arts Degree - Summa Cum Laude in
Communications.

O’Connell High School - Galveston, Texas. High School Diploma, with Honors.
Contact this candidate