Curriculum Vitae Peter Jonker

Personalia:
Name: P.Jonker SAPtechnics
Birthdate and place: November,16 1963 in Velsen, The Netherlands
Residence: Rotterdam, Grenada (Caribbean)
Function: Senior Technical PI / ABAP Consultant
Languages: Dutch and English perfect
German good,
French and Spanish basic
Telephone 06-42285940
Email abn83c@r.postjobfree.com

Personal Profile:

Peter Jonker has worked for different software consultancies and since the
first of July 2007 he is operating freelance under the name SAPtechnics.
Peter accepts XI / PI / PO / BPM assignments to further develop his skills
in this module, but is also interested in challenging ABAP assignments. He
works both on site as well as remote. Peter is also specializing himself in
Netweaver BPM (Composite Environment, Java Web Dynpro, BRM as well as the
functional side by following the BPX associate and technical BPM courses).

At his last assignment Peter was working as a PI designer / developer on a
worldwide implementation. He was responsible for rolling out a template for
interfaces between the financial (SAP ECC) system and the production plants
of Friesland Campina.. The template will be used to connect the production
plants world wide to the financial ECC system. (One Back Bone project). At
Friesland Campina he was working in a team of 7 senior PI consultants from
IBM and Cap Gemini.
On this project he was also assisting in ABAP developments of badi's, IDoc
processing function modules as well as custom reports.

Peter has worked at Joulz, a construction company for the utilities sector
before the assignment at Friesland Campina. He was responsible for
developing all kinds of custom reports and programs in the Workz project.
Workz is a complete new implementation of the SAP logistic, financial and
service modules in combination with PI as middleware / message broker.

Before this Peter has worked at the FGH bank in Utrecht where he has
designed, build and tested web services to an external Document Management
System as well as developed a dozen financial reports and data extraction
programs. Peter still works for FGH Bank on a remote and irregular part
time schedule.

He has also worked up till December 2010 as PI developer on a pilot project
for FrieslandCampina in the Netherlands. In this project he was building
three interfaces over PI to show the business the capabilities of PI in
comparison to their current middleware solution. This pilot was succesful
and the interfaces have been implemented in production environment in
January 2011. Also the company decided based on this pilot to migrate all
their interfaces to PI.

From march 2010 until June 2010 Peter has worked on an implementation of a
ccBPM process for the Kadaster (land registry) in Apeldoorn, Holland. His
role in this project was to build, test and adjust Integration Processes
and XSLT mappings.

In February 2010 he has worked on a PI project for Indexis in Leuven,
Belgium. In this project he has created abap mappings for the EDIEL message
format. He was also working this month for Rabo Bank (mostly remote from
home) on the implementation of EBS through a PI proxy interface.

Until end of January 2010 he was working at NN analysing problems, creating
RFC's and implementing these RFC's in the system to smoothen the
operations. The module at NN is ICM (Incentives and Commission Management).

From January till May 2009, Peter has worked on an implementation of SAP
ERP en EWM at Remeha, a manufacturer of heating boilers in Apeldoorn.
Together with two other colleagues he was responsible for design and
building of the interfaces for A2A and B2B messages. The techniques used
are, IDOC, Flat File, SOAP, Web services and Proxy. The scenario's were
both synchronous and asynchronous.

Until the end of January 2009 Peter has worked on a assignment as ABAP
developer at ING Bank. In this position he is helping with the ABAP
implementation of a new SAP PFO insurance module as well as redesign of
existing services (through the custom middleware application of ING), and
designing future interface solutions based on Service Oriented
Architecture.

As XI/PI consultant he has worked at Louwman & Parqui Nederland building
scenario's based on IDOC to File, File to IDOC, and file to JMS adapters.
He also has worked as XI/PI architect and developer at RABO bank Eindhoven
on the implementation of XI as middleware between SRM and MM and legacy
systems.
In this assignment he developed the scenario's in PI as well as the proxies
at the ABAP back ends (MM and SRM). Both these assignments at Louwman and
Rabo bank worked with messages sent and received from the SAP EWM module.

In another assignment Peter was working as an ABAP OO developer in the
Module CRM 5.0. The client was BOSE and the project was a worldwide
implementation (15 countries) of SAP for BOSE. In this role Peter was
responsible for building interfaces between non SAP applications and SAP-
CRM. He was also involved in general development issues for the CRM
implementation. (e.g. BADI development, IC Web client).

Peter has been involved in installation and implementation of the PI module
at the softwarehouse Sogeti where he was working at the time. He was also
actively involved in creating interface scenario's for this module. Pi was
implemented to create demo scenario's which were part of the strategy of
the softwarehouse to become SAP Special Expertise Partner NetWeaver, which
was successfully achieved.

In his last assignment for this software consultancy he was detached to a
major banking / insurance company in Rotterdam/Den Haag. In this role he
was responsible for designing and realisation of new interfaces. The
interface technology is based on ESA / SOA (Enterprise Service Architecture
/ Service oriented Architecture). He is also responsible for managing a
small team of technical consultants. Two major projects have been finished
during this time: An upgrade from SAP 4.7 to MyERP2005 as well as an
implementation of SAP CRM which meant a complete new design of processes
and screens in the insurance module.

Previous to this assignment Peter was working on a project for the Ministry
of Economic Affairs in Holland, where he was responsible of redesigning 30
reports. At the ministry the SAP system had been upgraded several times
from version 3.0 to 4.7. The functionality had changed as well and the
custom made programmes have been redesigned. The reporting programmes were
not upgraded since release 3.0 and Peter's project was to bring these
reports up to date again. Both by using the new custom made functionality
as well as by using new SAP technologies like e.g ALV.

Before he started with Sogeti B.V. Peter Jonker was working with KPN MAS
(Managed Application Services), since December 2002, which later became
part of Getronics Pink Roccade. The first 15 months he was detached through
Ictopus Professional Trainees and from March 2004 as full time
Technical/Functional Consultant (permanent job).
Before that Peter was detached to GECMS (General Electric Capital Modular
Space) in Moerdijk. The work at GECMS consisted of reviewing and analysing
the complete SAP system (modules SD, FI, CO, MM, PM, SM +more ) and compare
this with the original blueprint at the time of implementation. Training
the Purchase department in SAP and analysing and solving incidents and
problems.

Strong individual points are:
. Strong analytical and technical skills
. Good Communicator on all levels of business
. Strong oral and written communication skills both in Dutch language
and English
. Pragmatic and accurate
. Functional as well as technical experience

Education:

V.W.O. 1981
Propedeuse Medicine at Erasmus Universiteit 1983
Rotterdam
HBO System Engineer on base of Natural Language 2001


SAP courses:

SAP R/3 by Siemens Nixdorf in co peration with 2001
Professional Trainees
ABAP/4
Reporting
SAP Script
Batch Input Programming
Introductie FI, MM en SD
SAP self study
Warehouse Management 2002
SAP courses
Updating Databases 2004
Dialog Programming 2004
Abap Dictionary 2004
Enhancements and Modifications 2005
Abap Objects 2006
XI (Exchange Infrastructure) 2006
SAP BPM (TBPM10- BPM Associate ) 2011
Business Process Management on SAP NetWeaver 2012
(SAPBPM v095) 2012

General IT courses:

Windows NT
2001
SQL 2001
Cobol (selfstudy) 2002
XML, XSL 2006
Java programmer 2007

Workshops /Seminars

SAP Netweaver XI Bootcamp Nov. 14-16, Copenhagen,
Denmark 2007
SAP Teched Berlin, October 13-16
2008
SAP Teched Berlin, October 12-14
SAP Teched Madrid, November 12-16 2010
2012












Experience:

Peter has experience in the following SAP modules and tools: Experience
level ( 1-5)
SAP ABAP Developing and programming in SAP 5
SAP ABAP OO Developing and programming in SAP 5
Web services Developing web services in SAP 5
SAP MM Material management 4
SAP WM Warehouse management 4
SAP EWM Extended Warehouse Management 4
SAP QM Quality Management 2
SAP SD Sales and Distribution 4
SAP PM Plant Maintenance 4
SAP CS Customer Service 4
SAP IS CS Insurance Commissions (4.7 Enterprise) 5
SAP IS ICM Insurance Commissions (ECC 6.0). 5
SAP BP Business Partner 4
SAP FI/CO Finance and Controlling 4
SAP FI/EBS Electronic Bank Statements 4
SAP FM Funds Management 3
SAP FS-CML Consumer and Mortgage Loans 4
SAP FS-TR Treasury 3
SAP HR Human resources 2
SAP EHS Environment Health and safety 2
SAP IS CD Claims And Disbursements 2
SAP SM Service Management 3
SAP XI Xchange Infrastructure 5
SAP PI Process Integration 5
SAP ccBPM Business Process Modelling in PI 5
SAP Retail Retail solution 4
SAP CRM Customer Relationship Management 3
SAP SRM Supplier Relationship Management 2
SAP PP Production Planning 3
SAP BDT Business Data Toolset 5
SAP Script Creating forms 4
SmartForms Creating forms 4
SAP BOR Business Objects 3
SAP WAS Web Application Server 6.40 5
SAP STMS Transport system 4
SAP workflow Workflow programming 3
SAP upload LSMW for IS insurance 3
IDocs Intermediate Documents (Interfacing) 5
BAPIs Business Application Programming Interface 5
RFC Remote Function Calls 5
BADI Object Oriented User Exits 5
BSP Business Server Pages 3
Web Dynpro Web Dynpro for ABAP 4
Web Dynpro Web Dynpro for JAVA 2
Netweaver BPM Composite Environment, BRM 3
BPX Business Process Expert 3
Enhancement Framework enhancement ECC 6.0 5
Print Workbench 3

Specific SAP work Experience:

Customer: FGH Bank, Utrecht
Period: June 2010 - December 2012
Application: SAP Abap web services
Role: Abap web service Consultant
Activities: Designing, building and testing web services to
LiveLink, a document management system in use at FGH
bank. Developing financial reports and data extraction
programs. Since September 2011 Peter assists in
developing work on a part time basis (on premises as
well as remote)

Customer: FrieslandCampina, Amersfoort
Period: October 2011 - September 2012
Application: SAP PI 7.11
Role: Senior PI development Consultant
Activities: Designing, building and testing interfaces between SAP
systems.

Customer: Joulz, Delft / Rotterdam
Period: March 2011 - October 2011
Application: SAP Abap
Role: Abap development Consultant
Activities: Designing, building and testing programs and reposts for
the implementation of the SAP modules: SD, MM, FI, CO,
CS, PI and HR.

Customer: FrieslandCampina, Amersfoort
Period: September 2010 - December 2010
Application: SAP PI 7.11
Role: Technical PI developing Consultant
Activities: Designing, building and testing interfaces through PI
for a pilot project. The pilot is to show the business
the possibilities of PI in comparison to their current
middleware solution. Knowledge transfer.

Customer: Kadaster, Apeldoorn
Period: March 2010 - June 2010
Application: SAP PI / ccBPM
Role: PI Consultant
Activities: Developing, testing and adjusting complex XSLT mappings
and ccBPM integration processes in PI 7.1

Customer: Indexis, Leuven, Belgium
Period: February 2010 - March 2010
Application: SAP ABAP / PI
Role: ABAP OO developer/ designer in combination with PI 7.1
Activities: Developing abap oo mapping programs and scenario's for
interfaces in EDIEL (EDI for utilities Belgium format).
Both inbound as well as outbound interfaces

Customer: Rabo Bank, Eindhoven
Period: September 2009 - March 2010
Application: SAP ABAP / PI
Role: Proxy developer/ designer in combination with PI 7.0
Activities: Developing interfaces between local banks and main
office to upload EBS (Electronic Bank Statements) in ECC
6.0.

Customer: NN, Den Haag
Period: November 2009 - January 2010
Application: SAP ICM + CRM
Role: Application administrator / manager.
Activities: Analyzing issues and create problems and RFC's to solve
these problems. Solve daily issues. Developing and
changing applications.

Customer: Remeha, Apeldoorn
Period: January 2009 - April 2009
Application: SAP PI 7.1
Role: PI developer/ designer
Activities: Developing interfaces between departments (A2A) and
Customers (B2B) in a complex system landscape. Using
IDOC, SOAP and flat file as protocols in both
synchronous and asynchronous scenario's.
Developing mappings for messages sent in the Extended
Warehouse Management module to transporters and external
warehouse.

Customer: ING Bank, Rotterdam / Den Haag
Period: November 2008 - January 2009
Application: SAP ICM Insurances
Role: ABAP developer/ middleware specialist
Activities: Developing custom solutions in regards to a PFO module
implementation, (re)designing reports. General ABAP
development. Solving issues from previous releases. Both
procedural and OO ABAP development. Solving problems in
the custom middleware application.
Designing future solutions based on Service Oriented
Architecture

Customer: Rabo Bank, Eindhoven
Period: July 2008 - December 2008
Application: SAP PI 7.0
Role: XI / PI Integration Consultant
Activities: Peter is responsible for designing detailed interface
descriptions to replace a legacy ordering system with
SAP SRM. The interfacing with suppliers and external
warehouse will be performed by using XI / PI. The
detailed description of all interfaces involved will be
used by offshore developers to build the interfaces in
XI / PI. Peter also assists in building these interfaces
at the XI/PI side as well as the ABAP side. The
interfaces were for 90% based on the FILE to PROXY and
PROXY to FILE scenario's. The messages from SRM to the
external warehouse are based on the EWM BAPI's of SAP.

Customer: Louwman & Parqui, Raamsdonksveer
Period: August 2008 - October 2008
Application: SAP PI 3.0
Role: XI / PI Integration Consultant
Activities: Peter is responsible for building interfaces with XI /
PI from SAP to non SAP systems regarding warehouse and
material transactions. These are mainly IDOC to FILE
and FILE to IDOC scenario's. Some scenario's involve
FILE to JMS. The messages sent and received are based on
the extended warehouse management modules.

Customer: Suiker Unie, Dinteloord
Period: July 2008 - August 2008
Application: SAP ECC 6.0
Role: Abap Developer
Activities: Peter is responsible for adapting archiving programs to
delete transaction and master data after a split of
companies to different SAP systems, in those situations
where the normal archiving programs would not delete
this data, because of build in standard checks.

Customer: Bose Corporation, Volendam
Period: October 2007 - June 2008
Application: SAP CRM 5.0 / 6.0
Role: Application Developer
Activities: Peter was responsible for designing, building, testing
and training users, of a new interface between a non SAP
CRM system used in Germany and the CRM 5.0 module in
SAP. Furthermore Peter is involved in all kinds of
development work concerning the worldwide implementation
of CRM 5.0 and ECC 6.0 for Bose Corporation. Creating
and adjusting Web Dynpro and BSP applications.

Customer: Steel Production Company Corus IJmuiden
Period: July 2007 - September 2007
Application: SAP ECC6.0 MM / PM module
Role: Application Developer
Activities: In this project an implementation in the UK will be
based on an already implemented SAP system in the
Netherlands. During this stage Peter
has designed and build a contract maintenance tool. This
tool will upload excel files, controls them and change
the outline agreements in SAP accordingly. The tool is
also used to create excel files from SAP which the
vendor can use to adapt his latest prices and
conditions.

Customer: Software house (Sogeti)
Period: April 2007 - June 2007
Application: SAP PI / XI
Role: Consultant XI / PI 3.0
Activities: Designing and implementing a basic demonstration
scenario XI / PI. Including SLD, IDOC, file transfer,
mapping and installation.

Customer: Insurance company NN Den Haag
Period: October 2006 - June 2007
Application: SAP ECC6.0 FS-ICM module
Role: Application Developer, technical team management
Activities: Upgrade 4.7 => ECC 6.0
Implementation CRM and BP
During this project Peter had the technical lead and was
responsible for 5 technical developers (ABAP). He also
was responsible for the creation of transports and
projects in STMS and was responsible for the consistency
of transports when implemented in the acceptation and
production systems.

Customer: Insurance company NN Den Haag
Period: October 2005 - October 2006
Application: SAP 4.7 Enterprise FS-CS module
Role: Application Developer, technical team management
Activities: Programming Interfaces and Custom made solutions
Designing and developing services (xml based messages)
to replace existing interfaces. Technical team lead for
3 developers.

Customer: Ministry Economic Affairs
Period: August 2005 - September 2005
Application: SAP 4.7 Enterprise Funds Management
Role: Application Development
Activities: This project involved the complete redesign and building
of the budget program which controls the budget of the
State of The Netherlands. The original program was based
on the design in R/2 and did not fulfil the current day
requirements and technical possibilities. Peter was
responsible for redesigning all reports to the new
functionality and new program. Key point was the use off
the latest techniques (e.g. ALV list, Abap Objects).

Customer: Telecommunication company Den Haag KPN OCN
Period: December 2002 - December 2004
Application: SAP 4.0B
Role: Application Development
Activities: Incidents and changes, modules, SD MM SM PM, ABAP
development e.g. design and building a Customer Service
module for the internet sales department. This module
was build in an external application by an external
party. Peter's job was to supply the application with
real time information from SAP. An RFC connection with
JCO was the technique used for interfacing.

Customer: Retail KPN Retail
Period: January 2003 + January 2005 - July 2005
Application: SAP 4.6B Retail IS
Role: Abap developer
Activities: In January 2003 Peter has build a job monitoring program
which will warn the user who is on standby at night
whenever a critical job ends in an error or does not
start on time. The warning occurred by sending a message
to the beeper of the person on standby.
In 2005 Peter was involved in some BW programming as
well as the implementation of barcode scanners at KPN
Retail (Primafoon shops).

Customer: Rental company of temporary space GECMS
Period: June 2002 - October 2002
Application: SAP 4.6B
Role: Application Management, Incident Management, Functional
Analysis of SAP environment
Activities: modules, SD MM SM PM FI CO
Peter's job in this project was to analyse the current
work procedures in the SAP system and compare them with
the original procedures as they were defined in the
implementation blueprint. Advise on changes and document
the changes that were approved in the online
documentation.

Customer: Rental company of temporary space GECMS
Period: October 2002 - December 2002
Application: SAP 4.6B
Role: Training manager and personal of Purchasing department
in SAP.
Define processes and reports for purchasing. modules, MM
FI CO
Activities: During this project Peter had the responsibility to
train the new head of the purchasing department in SAP
Purchasing. The new head purchasing did not have any
experience in the SAP MM modules and the previous head
of purchasing had left unexpectedly without transferring
his knowledge to his successor.

Customer: Professional Trainees (traineeship) Ictopus
Period: December 2001 - June 2002
Application: SAP 4.0B
Role: Trainee
Activities: self study of SAP modules SD MM FI CO to get more
insight.
This time Peter had just finished his SAP study, but due
to the international situation ( 9/11 had just happened)
there was no possibility to place him as a trainee. He
studied the WM module in MM and gave lectures to his
fellow graduates about the subject.
Contact this candidate