Pavankumar Barlota

Contact Details:
****, * ******** ****,
Cell: +91-782*******
Apt - 2509, Chicago, IL - 60640.
Email: abqueg@r.postjobfree.com

Career Objective

To be associated with an illustrious organization where I can get chance to
work on challenging assignments and leverage my full potential to get
Technical expertise, recognition, professional satisfaction and attain
headship qualities and skills in the field of ERP.

Professional Summary

I have six and half years of experience in Oracle Application ERP design,
development and Customization using Oracle technology, tools and
applications. I was involved in one Implementation and one Support project.
Currently I am working on the R12 Upgrade project. I have worked for
reputed clients like CWB Canada, SAPA Blue - Europe/NOA and ALCOA -
NOA/Europe etc.

. I have extensive experience on XML Publisher reports, Reports 6i,
Forms 6i, PL/SQL, Unix Shell scripting and Oracle utilities like
SQL*Loader, SQL*Plus, SQL Developer, TOAD etc.
. I have hands-on experience on customization and development of
custom Forms, Reports, Interfaces, Conversions and UNIX Shell
Scripts in Multi-Org environment.
. Experience on Form Personalization and custom.pll.
. Extensive experience in developing reports using BI/XML Publisher
report utility.

. Worked on bursting of many reports using XML Bursting utility.

. Experience on 11.5.10 to R12 upgrade activities of OPM Inventory (GMI)
to discrete Inventory (INV).

. Upgraded many existing reports and forms from(6i to 10g) as part of
upgrade project.

. Wrote pre-migration validation package to capture foreseen inventory
migration errors from 11i to R12..

. Wrote lot/sublot conversion program for 11i to R12 upgrade project.
Business used my program for conversion of lots in place for Oracle
provided INVLTMGB.pls API.

. Expertise in development of procedure, functions, packages, triggers,
cursors, views etc.

. Application development using SQL, PL/SQL, SQL*Plus, SQL*Loader and
Developer 2000/10g.

. Used SQL*Loader and UTL_FILE Packages for data conversion and
interfaces.

. Hands on experience on advanced SQL/PLSQL concepts as Advanced Queues,
Materialized views, Records, Collections, Dynamic SQL, Ref Cursors,
DBMS_XMLGEN, autonomous transactions etc.

. Strong knowledge in AOL and System Admin concepts.

. Expertise in requirement analysis, system design, development,
testing, design reviews, support and documentation. Documented all
project artifacts using MD-50, MD-70, MD-120 etc.

. Prepared test scripts, test scenarios for Quality assurance and User
acceptance testing.

. Used AIM Methodology Extensively.

. Knowledge of application support tools REMEDY.

. Experience in registration/migration of concurrent programs, creation
of Users, responsibilities, forms, functions, menu, values sets,
request sets, request-groups and Printer type/style/driver.

. Working experience on Exadata/11g.

. Sound knowledge of Oracle E-Biz R12 modules like AOL, System
Administration with Technical aspects of modules like OPM-Process
Manufacturing, Purchasing, Order Management and Inventory.

Experience:

Organization Designation Duration
IBM India Pvt. Ltd. Application Developer 10-Aug-2006
10-Oct-2010
Oracle India Pvt Ltd. Analyst 03-Jan-2011 to till
date

Academic Details:

Degree University Percentage Year of
Passing
Bachelor of Engineering VIIT Collage, Pune 71% 2006
(Computer Science) University, India.
Diploma in Computer Amravati Board of Secondary 74.96% 2004
Engineering Education, Maharashtra,
India.
Secondary School Maharashtra State Board Of 81.46% 2001
Certificate (Class X) Technical Education (MSBTE).

Certifications:

Certification Certification Name and Code
OCA- Oracle Certified Introduction to Oracle9i: SQL
Associate : (IZO-007)
Program with PL/SQL
: (IZO-147)
RPM Certified RPM
: (BLG0568)

Trainings:

Description From (Organization)
11i eBusiness Suite Essentials for Implementers Oracle University
Oracle SOA Suite 10g: SOA Essential Oracle University
Oracle BPEL Process Manager: Services Oracle University
Orchestration Ed 1 PRV
Oracle 11i Shipping Fundamentals Oracle University
R12 Oracle Order Management Fundamentals Ed 1 Oracle University
PRV
R12 Oracle Purchasing Fundamentals Ed 2 LWC PRV Oracle University

Technical Skills:

Languages SQL,PL/SQL, XML, HTML C, C++, J2SE, Unix shell scripting.
Domain Knowledge Worked on Order Management (OM), Purchase Order (PO) and INV
modules from manufacturing track. Also worked on OPM
Inventory, Process execution.
Databases Oracle 9i/10g, MySQL, MsSQL
GUI Forms 6i/10g, Reports 6i/10g
Tools & Utilities TOAD 9.x, SQL * PLUS, SQL *Loader, RPM, Kintana, BMC
Remedy,MS-Sharepoint etc.
Operating Systems DOS, UNIX, Windows 9x/2000/XP

Projects Profile:

1. Project Name : ALCOA
Client ALCOA Duration 03-Jan-2011 - Till
Date.
Role Team member Module OPM, INV, OM, PO etc
Organization Oracle India Pvt. Team Size 56
Ltd.

Project Description

ALCOA has implemented Oracle Apps 11.5.10 and now they are upgrading it to
R12 (12.1.3) version.
This go live was planned in 4 stage with different solutions falling in
each phase based on criticality of the object. The plan was to remediate
all the existing custom objects and achieve Go-live as early as possible.
There are more than 500 customizations affecting this upgrade. They will go
for enhancements after the Go-live of this upgrade. They are going to use
11g database as a backend in R12 upgrade.

Contribution:
As a part of the team, I am responsible for Inventory Convergence from OPM
Inventory to Discrete Inventory. I am handling reports, forms, all
conversion objects and pre-migration validations scripts.
The work was divided into customization to existing objects and
enhancements necessary for upgrade.

As an Offshore Team Member, I was involved in
. Creation of pre-migration script to detect the problems in OPM
inventory and correct all Inventory issues before actual migration
happens. This script was one of the major steps in R12 upgrade.
. Lot/Sublot Conversion. This was also a part of R12 upgrade process
because, client decided not to migrate the Lots and sublots the way
Oracle seeded API does. Many custom business objects were based on
this conversion, as Inventory reports were using lots/sublots
extensively.
. Created custom API for creation of Recipe Validity Rules for costing
Oraganization.
. Developed many reports including -

Inventory Valuation Report Purchasing Details
Report
Smelter Roll-forward report Shipping report by date
range
Sales Order Summary Report Monthly batch details
report etc.

. Developed shell script to send the log/output file of a concurrent
program through mail. This is been used by many R12 customized
objects.
. Done form personalization on Batch creation, Lot creation, and Mass
move forms.
. Upgraded many reports and forms from 6i to 10g as part of this upgrade
project.
. Inbound interface from QTS (Quality Transport System) to Oracle E-biz.
. Outbound interface from Oracle EBS to Oracle Interconnect for batch
processing.
. Created and maintained Materialized View for GDW space.
. Created many packages, procedures, triggers, types, tables, advanced
queues for different business needs.
. Developed a common mailing program in shell script (XXQPMAIL), used by
everyone in the project, to send attachments of concurrent program
output and log files to the recipients.
. Peer review of code and MD-60, MD-70, MD-120 documents.

2. Project Name : SAPA BLUE
Client SAPA Profiles Ltd Duration 17 September-2008 -
10-OCT-2010
Role Team member Module INV, OM, PO,AP, AR, GL etc
Organization IBM India Pvt. Ltd Team Size 6

Project Description

The Sapa Group develops, manufactures and markets value-added profiles,
profile-based building systems and heat exchanger strip in the light-weight
material aluminum. They have Oracle Apps 11.5.10 implemented.
IBM is responsible for all technical and Apps DBA Support to Oracle Apps
environments of SAPA Profiles.

Contribution:

As a part of the team, I was responsible for giving on time support to all
Environments in developer perspective.
The work was divided into customization to existing objects and
enhancements with new business requirements.

As an Offshore Team Member, I was responsible for
. Understanding Application Domain from SAPA Profiles perspective.
. Based on requirement analysis preparing Understanding (UD), Technical
(TD) and Deployment (DI) documents.
. I have solved 76 tickets and 12 enhancements requests in my tenure in
this project.
. Creation of Unit Test Cases, Test Results, Code Review Check Lists and
Defect Log Sheet.
. Effort Estimation on technical components and base lining of solution
delivery.
. Involved in Quality processes as well as in project Metrics.
. Working as a delegate for RBS-Resource billing to client.
. Driving weekly status call with onsite Manager.
. Involved in KT sessions for the projects.
. Involved in design and development of custom XML Publisher Reports and
PL/SQL scripts.
. Development of the new objects like Shell Scripting programs,
Interfaces and Conversions.
. Created database tables, views, triggers, packages, procedures and
functions.
. Creation of LDT files for concurrent programs, value sets, request
sets, request groups etc.
. I have developed a full flow of inbound to outbound invoice creation
interface for CONCUR enhancement project.

Apart from technical work, I was involved in project billing, and resource
billing to client, training co-ordinator for project, shift management etc.

3. Project Name : Supply Chain Transformation (SCT)
Client Canadian Wheat Board (CWB), Duration Sept-2006 - 16 Sept,
CANADA. 2008.
Role Team member Module INV, OM, PO, AR etc
Organizatio IBM India Pvt. Ltd Team Size 42
n

Project Description

The Canadian Wheat Board (CWB) is a farmer-controlled organization that
markets wheat and barley grown by western Canadian producers. They are
enhancing and customizing the 11.5.10 ERP for it. Project includes around
180 components to be developed.

Contribution

As a part of the team, was responsible for
. Development of RICE (Reports, Interfaces, Conversions, Extensions)
objects and preparing their technical design (HLD and
LLD).
. Designing of unit test plan for all objects and carrying out various
test scenarios, adding various test cases and sending it for approval.
. Creating required functional setups for testing the objects.
. Handling defect rise during live testing.
. Describing all scenarios such as standards, error framework, and
process flow structure to the new joiners in the project.
. Developed custom Interfaces in OM.
. Involved in designing as well as development of Installation Documents
(MD-120) and Unit test documents for the developed objects.
. Experience in registration/migration of concurrent programs, creation
of Users, responsibilities, forms, functions, menu, values sets,
request sets, request-groups and Printer type/style/driver
registration in Oracle Applications.

Personal Details

Name Pavankumar B Barlota
Email ID Personal - abqueg@r.postjobfree.com, Official -
abqueg@r.postjobfree.com
DOB 9th May, 1985.
Passport Details: Passport No - G9893774 , Validity - 2018
VISA Details Work Permit on - L2 Visa , Validity - Feb, 2015.
Contact this candidate