Jimmy D Peters
678-***-**** (Cell)
**** ****** ***** ***
Gainesville, GA 30506
ac1vsw@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/jimmy-peters-186b3463/

Experience
Insight Global, LLC at HP Enterprise, Atlanta / Alpharetta, GA
May 2016 to May 2017
Helpdesk Analyst
I provided hardware phone support for Hewlett Packard Enterprise ProLiant class servers, their Blade Chassis, and their Blade servers. Phone calls would come in and be answered from the queue. We used email (Outlook), Skype, and HP tools to confirm the issue was hardware. Then using other HP tools, we performed troubleshooting to determine the resolution which might be advising that they update firmware, send them parts for self-replacement, or dispatch a CE with the proper parts to repair the issue. This was a contract position. I got ill and was out of work for 8 weeks so the contract had to be terminated.

Career Connection, Inc at IBM, Atlanta / Smyrna, GA
Dec. 2002 to May 2016
Helpdesk Analyst
Provide telephone troubleshooting for IBM's low end and midrange line of Intel based servers, Netfinity, xSeries, and SystemX. Receive calls from IBM customers with warranty and/or maintenance agreements and from IBM internal personnel. Create a ticket using Cross, an internal IBM ticketing system or pull up an existing ticket. Attempt to resolve issues over the phone. Dispatch technicians to repair the issue if necessary. Sending replacement hard drives was a large part of the job. However, diagnosing firmware issues, failed memory modules, defective processors, Intel and some AMD. and damaged system boards were common issues. Most calls come in over the phone but many calls come in electronically and we would have to respond appropriately. Also we would have to monitor our queues and attempt to follow up on calls we have open, closing calls as resolved or if we could not contact the customer to continue troubleshooting. Before IBM switched to this ticketing system, we used Remedy and Clarify. I have also used other ticketing systems in the previous positions. During this time, I had a lay-off of 1 month after IBM disbanded the group before going back as a contractor, March 28 - May 05, 2012 and 3.5 months, Jan 02 to Apr 15 due to lack of work.

Witness Systems, Inc, Roswell, GA
Oct. 1997 to July 2002
Helpdesk Technician Software
Provide telephone support for a client/server proprietary software package. Received calls from
customers on issues involving the company's proprietary front end software or SQL database on backend
servers and resolve or escalate to the second tier of support. Problem resolution required knowledge of
Windows 98, Windows NT 4.0 Workstation and Server, Windows 2000 Professional and Server, along
with knowledge of Sybase AnyWhere, SQL Server 7.00, SQL Server 2000, and SQL queries. The last 6 months I performed patch testing on the then current product to allow QA to focus entirely on the future version of the applications. This included building and installing servers, IBM, Dell, and Intel and workstations, configuring RAID on the servers, installing the operating systems and the SQL database, and configuring connectivity of the workstation client with the server database.

Dracs Consulting Group, Kennesaw, GA
May 1997 to Oct. 1997
Helpdesk Technician Software/Hardware
Troubleshoot issues involving Windows (including 3.1, 95, NT 3.51, and NT 4.0),
assorted hardware, video drivers, printer drivers, applications, and the interactions created by the way
they interface. The applications included Lotus 1-2-3, Ami Pro, Word Pro, FreeLance, Approach,
Organizer, Lotus Notes, Reflection 1 terminal emulation, Netscape Web Browser, Microsoft Word, Excel,
PowerPoint, Access, and Project

Dracs Consulting Group, West Monroe, LA
Nov. 1996 to May 1997
Desktop Support Technician
Responsible for Novell Netware 3.11 / 3.12 and cc: Mail administration tasks, troubleshoot and fix PC hardware problems, configure new and used PC's for users, including adding driver, memory, network cards, and other devices, user support and installation on Windows 3.1, 95, NT 3.51, and NT 4.0 platforms and software including WordPerfect Microsoft Word, Lotus 1-2-3, CTC and PCTCP terminal emulation packages

Wesson, Taylor, Wells, & Assoc., Inc, Kennesaw, GA
Dec. 1994 to Nov. 1996
Helpdesk Technician Software/Hardware
Troubleshoot issues involving Windows (including 3.1, 95, and NT 3.51), assorted hardware, video drivers, printer drivers, Lotus 1-2-3, Ami Pro, Word Pro, FreeLance, Approach, Organizer, Lotus Notes, Reflection 1 terminal emulation, Netscape Web Browser, FaxWorks Pro, Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, and Project and the interactions created by the way they interface

National Data Corporation, Atlanta, GA
Oct. 1992 to Mar. 1995
Helpdesk Technician Hardware
Telephone support for IBM PC's, including PS/2's, supporting various modems and printers under a proprietary environment and instituting the correct paradigm to resolve the issue.

Wesson, Taylor, Wells, & Assoc., Inc, Pendleton, SC
Mar. 1990 to Oct. 1992
Computer Operator
Perform backups and system administration on an HP 3000 model 947, user support, documentation, PC support including hardware, software, and cabling for workstations / terminals and printers

Military Service
Senior Airman or Sergeant, Air Traffic Control Radar Repair
Feb. 1974 to Nov. 1979
United States Air Force

Skills
Cabling, Call Center, Clarify, Client/server, Computer Hardware, Computer Installation, Data Processing, Dell Computers, Documentation, Hardware Support, Help Desk Support, Hewlett Packard, IBM, IBM Netfinity, Intel Based Servers, Linux, Lotus 123, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Office 2000, Microsoft Office 97, Microsoft Office 98, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Windows 3.1, Microsoft Windows 98, Microsoft Windows NT 4.0, Microsoft Word, Modems, Network Cards, PC Hardware, PC Support, Printers, Problem Solving, HPE ProLiant, RAID, Red Hat Linux, Servers, Software Installation, Software Support, general SQL, Technical Support, Telephone Skills, Troubleshooting, Windows 2000 Professional, Windows 2000 Server, Windows NT 3.51, Windows NT 4.0 Server, Windows NT 4.0 Workstation

Education
Phillips Junior College, Gulfport, MS Associate degree in Data Processing Technology with a 3.8 GPA Dec, 1985
Contact this candidate