Lobna Mohammed Hassan Ibrahim
Abu Dhabi - UAE Cellular Phone\050*******
E-mail: ac3af3@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn Profile: Lobna Mohammed

About me

I’m a Self-motivated Developer with excellent Time Management skills. I am a good communicator with proven inter personal skills and am used to working in a team whilst also being capable of using own initiative. I am skilled in Dealing with Problems in a resourceful manner and negotiating to achieve beneficial agreement. I am always Enthusiastic to learn and undertake new challenges.

Education

ELkhanka High School, with accumulative score of 94%. (2007 - 2010)
B.S.E in Computer and Information Science, Information System Department,, Ain Shams University. (2011 - 2015)
Graduation project:
Develop a mobile application (Android) to navigate and create a trip plan for large indoor facilities visitors (Tool: eclipse for android development).
Develop desktop application to input the map of an indoor facility (Tool: Visual Studio for C# implementation using WAMP server database).
Work Experience

Working for Gulf IMS as Oracle Technical Application Consultant. (From Sep- 2017 till now)
Responsiblities
Develop Oracle Application Framework (OAF) pages using Oracle Jdeveloper tool.
Apply customization, extension and personalization to OAF Pages.
Develop Oracle Forms using forms builder & reports using BI publisher, discoverer, reports Builder, OBIEE.
Define concurrent programs, executables, responsibilities, lookups, messages, transaction source, transaction type, descriptive Flex Field setup, Value sets, from EBS screens.
Upload data using APIs and interface tables.
Apply customization and personalization to Oracle forms & reports.
Integration Design & Implementation using SQL, PL/SQL, XML Gateway For E-Business Suite 11i and R12 with Other modules.
Develop and customize workflows using workflow builder.
Designing and reviewing the technical documents.
Support Oracle ERP end-user with varying degrees of technical abilities and follow-up with them on technical problems raised in Service Requests with Oracle support.
Perform programming, testing, quality assurance phases of assigned technical work.

Working for Oracle Egypt as Technical Support Analyst. (From Feb- 2017 till Sep-2017)

Responsiblities
Analyze the issues which raised by Oracle customers like NBE (National Bank of Egypt) to FCUB (FLEXCUBE Universal Banking) Product after going live.
Provide immediate fix/data correction around issues along with release note which includes the root cause of the issue and the deployment steps.
Send the fixes which accomplished from my side to RSUP(Regional Support) for review and Broadcast to other impacted sites.
Onsite Presence of OFSS (Oracle Financial Services Software) team and Interact with the SR Originator of the issue if adequate information is required to resolve the SR.
Transfer the issue to engineering team post ensuring that the defect raised is a base bug.
Track support issues and periodically report to customers on the status of resolution.
24*7 Emergency Support for P1 issues which may encounter during either EOD(End Of Day) Of EOC (End Of Cycle).

Working for FNDev Consultancy Services Company as Oracle Technical Application Consultant. (From July- 2015 to Jan- 2017)

Responsiblities
Develop Oracle Application Framework (OAF) pages using Oracle Jdeveloper tool.
Apply customization, extension and personalization to OAF Pages.
Develop Oracle Forms using forms builder & reports using BI publisher, discoverer, reports Builder, OBIEE.
Define concurrent programs, executables, responsibilities, lookups, messages, transaction source, transaction type, descriptive Flex Field setup, Value sets, from EBS screens.
Upload data using APIs and interface tables.
Apply customization and personalization to Oracle forms & reports.
Integration Design & Implementation using SQL, PL/SQL, XML Gateway For E-Business Suite 11i and R12 with Other modules.
Develop and customize workflows using workflow builder.
Designing and reviewing the technical documents.
Support Oracle ERP end-user with varying degrees of technical abilities and follow-up with them on technical problems raised in Service Requests with Oracle support.
Perform programming, testing, quality assurance phases of assigned technical work.

Projects I worked on

Ministry of financial (MOF)/Abu Dhabi
Develop new technical requirements like sending automatic notification to
The payment creator in case of rejection and enable the creator to cancel it.

Nakheel Upgrade Project/Dubai
Fix technical issues appeared after upgrade from R11.5.10.2 to R12.2.6.

MOPCO Form (Tool: Oracle Forms builder, Oracle
sql developer, Putty and WinScp)
Develop custom form for Payables Module.

FNDev Consultancy Services Vision Server installation
Install Redhat Linux Server & Oracle EBS.

MOPCO Discoverer Reports (Tool: Discoverer Desktop, Discoverer Administrator, Oracle
Sql Developer)
Develop 7 Discoverer reports using Discoverer Desktop and Administrator.

SANG (Saudi Army National Guard) TOE Workflows (Tool: Oracle Workflow builder,
Oracle sql developer, Putty and WinScp)
Develop Five Custom Workflows for EBS (E-business suit) Integrated with ADF pages to
send FYA and FYI notifications to “SANG, Saudi Arabia“TOE Users and managing each
workflow launching, workflow notification actions and Bypassing using pl/sql procedures .

Midor AutoView Module (Tool: Oracle Jdeveloper, Oracle sql developer, Putty and
WinScp)
Develop custom OAF Pages for AUTOVIEW Module these Pages applying PPR
(Partial Page Rendering).

Mobinil PGW Integration with ORACLE AR (Tool: Oracle sql developer)
Integration of PGW (Payment GetWay) system with Oracle AR using PL/SQL Procedures
called throw scheduled concurrent programs for Mobinil Egypt.

Oracle Personalization (Tool: ORACLE EBS)
Personalization on HRSS Module for Ghabbour Auto and on AR for Mobinil EGYPT.

Fitness Exercises Website (Tool: Codeigniter Framework, eclipse for PHP and Wamp
Server).
Website contains a lot of exercises details which stored on MySQL database that
uploaded to WAMP server with a user friendly design, this website provides serval
web pages like Types Of exercises Page

Cities IOS Application (Tool: Xcode for IOS development )
IOS application displays list of cities (saved in sqlite database which got data from server)
and provide details about each city like latitude and longitude, distance from user location to
that city, an image and description about the city, user also can see the location of the city
on google map.

Calculator Android Application (Tool: eclipse for android):-
Android Application calculate Mathematical calculations like subtract, add, divide
and multiplication different types of menu (Use Long Pressing to get the result).

Time Book Android Application (Tool: eclipse for android using SQLite classes):-
Android Application alerts user with tasks' date which added by him/her, this app enables
user to update or delete a saved task.

Security Algorithms (Tool: Visual Studio for C#)
Apply Security algorithms like General Ceaser, PlayFair, Monoalphabetic, Repeating Key
Vigenere, Auto Key Vigenere, Hill Cipher, AES, Rail Fence, Columnar andMultiplicative
Inverse Using Extended Euclid’s and RC4.

Search engine (Tool: Visual Studio for C# and sql server).
Develop a complete search engine serves user by developing web crawler which
downloads documents from websites, indexing these files by parsing, tokenizing
and apply linguistics algorithms, develop spell checking Technique by build bigram
index and soundex index then build a web based interface.

Geometric Calculation Tool (Tool: Visual Studio for C
Desktop application which calculate some operations like area and perimeter for
some geometric forms with an Interactive way.

X_O game (Tool: Visual Studio for C++ using G4C libraries).
C++ application which offering an interactive X_O game with 2 options:-
Player against player.
Player against Computer.

I develop with

- PL/SQL [excellent] - Java EE [excellent] - ORACLE SQL [excellent]
- C# [excellent] - MySQL [excellent] - HTML, CSS [excellent]
- jQuery [moderate] - Javascript [moderate] - C++ [excellent]
- PHP [moderate]

Concepts & Technical Knowledge

- ERP 11I E-BUSINESS SUITE Releases 11.5.9, […] and R12
- General Ledger (GL), Purchasing (PO).
- Tools (Forms builder 10g, Reports builder 10g, Oracle JDeveloper 10g, Workflow builder,
Discoverer desktop 10g, Discoverer administrator 10g, Oracle sql developer 4g).
- OAF Framework
- Object Oriented Programming.
- Object Oriented Design & Analysis.
- Android Developing.
- Problem Solving (Experienced ACMer).
- Data Structures in C++
- Debugging and Unit Testing.
- Data Mining Techniques.
- 3D Games in XNA.
- Computer Security.
- Codeigniter Framework.

Language skills:

-Native language: Arabic.
-English: Very good.

Soft Skills

- Communication & Team Work, as I worked as a PR (public Relation) member in student
Activity "SIGN IN" for 2 years and achieved the best member in the first year.
(2011 – 2013)
- Creative thinking.
- Adaptation & Self Learning.
- Can work under pressure.
- Good presenter.
- Have the ability to listing people.
Interests
Reading, Coding and Solving Technical Problems.
Contact this candidate