Summary

Around * years of IT Experience and * Relevant Experience in Implementation of Oracle Applications Release 11i E-Business Suite.
Good Technical knowledge of the Financial Modules (GL, AP, PO, INV,OM).
Good skills in Oracle (SQL, PL/SQL, Forms 6i, Reports 6i,Workflow 2.6,XML Publisher, SQL*Loader, UTL_FILE Package).

Good exposure to Oracle Application Implementation Methodology (AIM 3.0).

A highly motivated, energetic individual and a team player with excellent analytical & problem solving skills, communication skills and interpersonal skills.

Strengths in Oracle Apps

●Development and customization of Reports and Forms.

●Development of Interfaces.

●Defining Concurrent Programs, Executables.

●PL/SQL method of submitting Concurrent programs.

●Creation of Value sets in various Modules of the application.

●Having Good knowledge in P2P and O2C Cycle.

●Having knowledge in OAFramework, Discoverer.

Skills

Operating Systems : MSDOS, UNIX, MSWindows95/98/NT, 2K

Languages : SQL, PL/SQL, C, C++, JAVA

RDBMS : Oracle 8i / 9i.

Tools : Toad, SQL*Loader, FTP

GUI : D2K (Form Builder, Report Builder), Workflow
Builder 2.6
ERP Package : Oracle Applications 11i(INV, PO,AP,AOL,SYSADMIN)

Professional Experience

Worked for HCL Technologies Ltd,Chennai as a Associate Consultant from June 2008 to March 2011.
Projects

# Project Profile:

End to End Reconciliation
Dec 2009 –March 2011
Client
Standard Chartered Bank
Technologies
Unix shell script, Oracle Database and Oracle utilities.
The objective of this project is to ensure data that is fed to downstream system is reconciled and maintain the integrity of the data.

Roles and responsibilities:
Developer in 2 members team
Involved in preparing Technical Specification
Involved with team in the delivery of the work, code review and integration and implementing new enhancements.
Ensuring quality delivery through effective review and testing process.
Preparation of quality documents like Traceability, Test Summary, Daily Status, Run Plan and day to day delivery of test execution.

BCRS
Sep 2009 – Dec2009
Client
Standard Chartered Bank.
Technologies
Unix shell script, Oracle Database, Oracle utilities, Fermat application.
This project provides the Basel II Calculation & Reporting requirements for key regulators and internal business use. The scope can be summarized as RWA, stress-testing, Regulatory reporting and capital management. Data aggregation and reconciliation.BCRS is not only a Group of reporting solution, but also serves the business – CB and WB needs for RWA calculation and Application Fermat Software has been chosen as the platform to deliver the solution.
Submitting following reports to the corresponding regulatory authority
●FSA Financial Service Authority of United Kingdom
●FSS Financial Supervisory Service of Korea.
●HKMA Hong Kong Monetary authority of Hong Kong
●BOT Thailand supervisor of Thailand

Roles and responsibilities:
Working as Developer in 4 members team
Involved in analyzing the requirements and transforming the requirements into coding.
Responsible for planning and coordinating development activities
Implementing new enhancements, bug fixing
Working on performance improvements, Functional and stress testing
Reviewing enhancements and defect fixes done offshore Working with the Business users, addressing their pain points by providing feasible and quick solutions.

Aug’ 2008 – Jul’ 2009

Halifax Bank of Scotland, Scotland
Oracle Financials 11.5.10.2( Receivables,Purchasing)

The Bank of Scotland was established by an Act of Parliament on 17th July 1695. The Head Office is situated at The Mound, Edinburgh.

CFF division of HBOS has processes, which were considered to be one of the best in the banking industry. However, during a due diligence audit of its systems, a potential operational risks were identified as, neither the current ERP system nor the database were supported by their vendors any longer. Since Oracle Applications was used at the corporate level, CFF division decided to move on to the same system as Oracle supported the automation of certain key HBOS-CFF processes and also the integration of accounting and reports at corporate level.

Technical Responsibilities

Worked as a member of the offshore technical team implementing Oracle Applications
responsible for the development of following components

●Development of New Forms and Reports.

●Designing of New Workflows.

●Using Workflow APIs (Wf_Directory, Wf_Notification and Wf_Engine ).
●Using of APIs for Receipt Creation and Debit invoices.

●Involved in the Preparation of MD-70's.

●Launching of Workflow from Forms, Opening of Forms from Workflow, Setting time outs for Notifications

●Developed the program to upload the data from Staging Tables into Custom Tables
And Run the workflow to Trigger From SRS Window.

●Developed Query find forms with Variance Details and Reason for Limit Crossed.

●Developed workflows which are triggered to send the notification to the user with PO transaction details.

●Involved in development of Sub Inventory Transfer Interface, Po Receivables Interface.

●Involved in Forms Personalization for calling another form, adding menu items.

●Involved in developing OAF page and registering it to Oracle Applications.

Education

B.Tech in Computer Science & Information Technology from JNTU University,INDIA.
Intermediate from Board of Intermediate Education,INDIA.
SSC from Secondary School Certificate,INDIA.
Contact this candidate