Oracle EBS-Technical Consultant
Amit Mishra
Email: ac9b6q@r.postjobfree.com
Phone No: +971-*********
WhatsApp No: +91-956*******
Technical Programmer: 4.5+ years of Oracle Apps Implementation and Support experience
(EBS R12 Version)
PROFILE SUMMARY
4.5+ years of Oracle Apps implementation and support experience (EBS R12 Version).
Having Technical expertise on Oracle EBS modules (HRMS, Accounts Receivables, Inventory, Order Management, Quality, Custom Modules etc.).
Have been working on development and support of RICE Components (XML & RDF Reports, Interfaces, Conversions, Extensions), D2K Forms and support on Workflows (including development of Alert programs).
Have worked on integration between Oracle Fusion HCM and Oracle EBS HRMS.
Knowledge in AOL activities like Defining Responsibilities, Values Sets, Flex Fields, Registering Menus, Reports and Concurrent Programs etc.
Have been working on PL/SQL and SQL programming.
Having good exposure in Oracle AIM Methodology (Technical Design and Installation Document). ORGANISATIONAL EXPERIENCE
1. Organization: Oasis Investment Company LLC (part of Al Shirawi Group) Location: Dubai (United Arab Emirates)
Designation: Technical Programmer
Duration: 21-Aug-2017 to till Date
Oasis Investment Company LLC is the holding company of the Al Shirawi Group, one of the largest industrial conglomerates in the Persian Gulf, spanning the manufacturing, engineering, trading, transport and logistics, marketing, distribution, contracting, and service industries. The conglomerate comprises over 30+ different companies spread across UAE, Kuwait, Qatar and Oman.
Presently associated as a Technical Programmer within the In-house IT Team of Oasis Investment Co./Al Shirawi Group.
Key Projects and Responsibilities:
VAT Implementation Project- VAT implemented in UAE on 1-JAN-2018. So worked on retrofit of system for UAE based Group companies. Responsibilities handled: o Development of Tax Invoice Reports.
o Development of Purchase Order report templates.
o Modification in existing reports as Sales Order report, Quotation report, Estimation report etc. o Modification in existing D2K Custom Forms used in Group Companies- Oasis Enterprises LLC, Modern Plastic Industries LLC and Leminar Air Conditioning LLC. o Form Personalization on Oracle Standard Forms.
Reconciliation of Input and Output VAT- Developed below mentioned complex report for reconciliation of VAT.
Oracle EBS-Technical Consultant
o Development of VAT Purchase Register Report (Module- Accounts Payables). o Development of VAT Sales Register Report (Module- Accounts Receivables).
Implementation of Oracle Self-Service Human Resources (SSHR) Project and Support- o Developed Bursting program to send emails to employee who apply for NOC for Driving License, Internet Connection and Salary Certificate. o Created interface program to transfer Employees’ leave/ absence data to Custom Payroll module.
o Developed KPI report for HR Employees to analyse efficiency.
Implementation of Automatic AR Invoice Creation through Tungsten for Emirates Printing Press LLC, Dubai-
o Tungsten Network offers e-invoicing, invoice finance and spend analytics solutions for AP and AR professionals, wherein we were involved of automatic AR Invoice Print generation for EPP.
o Prepared XML file of Oracle AR Invoices using PL/SQL procedures (Outbound interface from Oracle) and sending the corresponding file to the particular directory/Path and Tungsten system would read that file to generate the Invoices.
Oracle Fusion Human Capital Management (HCM)-
o Involved in integration of Employee Creation/Update, Employee Assignment Creation/Update, Employee Special Information Types Creation/Update, Creation of Jobs, Organizations and Positions from Fusion HCM to Oracle EBS HRMS and Custom Payroll modules.
o Involved in integration of EBS Employee Number Update, Salary Slip data of Employees from Oracle EBS HRMS and Custom Payroll modules to Fusion HCM. o Have been working on OBIEE, HDL, HCM Extract.
Loading of Supplier and Customer Price Lists for Al Shirawi Enterprises, LLC (Dubai)- o Supplier Price List- Loaded data to Custom D2K Form to maintain Supplier and Item Wise Purchase Price using PL/SQL procedures.
o Customer Price List- Loaded data to Standard Price List Form to maintain Items’ Selling Price using PL/SQL procedures.
Have been involved in Requirement Gathering Session with Clients (Face to Face interaction).
Have been working on Data Conversion/Migration to load Data in Custom tables and Standard Inventory (Item Master data and Item Categories) Forms using APIs.
Have been working on support of EBS SSHR, HRMS, Payroll and Fusion HCM activities.
Have been working on PRO (Public Relation Office) Custom Module for renewal of documents
(Labor Contract, Visa Renewal etc.).
Have been involved in preparation of Technical documents (MD70) using AIM Methodology for the development work.
Have been involved in development of other RICE components. 2. Organization: Oasis Techno Soft Pvt. Ltd. (Part of Al Shirawi Group) Location: Gurugram (Haryana, India)
Designation: Associate Programmer
Duration: 18-Aug-2014 to 10-Aug-2017
Key Projects and Responsibilities:
Implementation of Oracle Self-Service Human Resources (SSHR) Project- o Created interface program to transfer Employees’ leave/ absence data to Custom Payroll module.
Oracle EBS-Technical Consultant
Migration of 12+1 Payroll System to 11+1 Payroll System in ESG Group Companies- o Developed new Oracle EBS D2K Forms for successful migration of Payroll System from 12+1 to 11+1.
o Developed complex reports for migration.
Developed Complex Report ‘Active Employee List-ESG’ to get information of active Employees like Salary information, Passport, Visa, Labour Contract, Employee Address, Employee Nationality and Employee Personal Information.
Involved in Requirement Gathering Session with Clients (interaction through Skype/WebEx calls).
Worked on Data Conversion/Migration to load Data in Custom tables and Standard Inventory
(Item Master data and Item Categories) Forms using APIs.
Worked on support of EBS SSHR, HRMS and Payroll.
Worked on PRO (Public Relation Office) Custom Module for renewal of documents (Labor Contract, Visa Renewal etc.).
Was involved in preparation of Technical documents (MD70) using AIM Methodology for the development work.
Was involved in development of other RICE components. TECHNICAL SKILLS
ACADEMIC DETAILS
B.Tech. in Information Technology from (Sagar Institute of Technology and Management, Barabanki) affiliated to Uttar Pradesh Technical University (Lucknow) in 2014 with 70.85%.
Intermediate from Pioneer Montessori Inter College (U.P Board), with 68% in 2010.
High School from Pioneer Montessori Inter College (U.P Board), with 62% in 2008. PERSONAL DETAILS
Date of Birth : 27th Jan 1994
Nationality : Indian
Marital Status : Single
Passport No. : P3020847
Passport Expiry : 09th Aug 2026
Oracle Apps R12 :
EBS Modules like HRMS, Accounts Receivables, Inventory, Order Management, Quality, Custom Modules etc.
Oracle Tools : Toad, PL/SQL Developer, Report Builder, Form Builder, BI Publisher Databases : Oracle 12c
Languages : PL/SQL, Java and SQL
Operating Systems : Windows 7, Windows 10
Contact this candidate