Career enrichment as Technical Leader in Oracle – Applications with an organization of repute in the IT sector

Synopsis

Having 10+ years of IT experience as Oracle apps technical consultant,in various phases of software development, in Oracle Apps Implementations,upgradation and production support projects for 10.7,11i, R12 E-Business Suite.
Expertise in developing PL/SQL Stored Procedures, Forms, Reports, and customizing Oracle seeded Reports and Forms.
Extensively worked on various modules SCM/Distributions and PA,WIP,BOM Modules as well.
Expertise in Design, Development of RICE (Reports, Interfaces, Conversions and Extensions) components.
Proficient in using SQL Plus, TOAD, PL/SQL Developer, Reports 6i, Discoverer, XML Publisher for both development and customizations as per client specifications.
Hands On experience on Custom forms development, forms personalization, forms customization and Custom.pll.
Hands on Experience on Customization of workflow.
Experience on API Wizard tool.
Extensive experience in developing SQL*Loader control programs and PL/SQL validation scripts for validating and pre-import processing legacy data from feeder systems to Oracle Applications.
Involving in Design, testing, implementation and support of application software.
Experience in preparing Technical specifications, user manuals and documentation.
Accomplishing the deliverables well before the deadlines.
Experience in customization by extension and modification of the standard application suite using Application Object Library (AOL).
Expertise in Developing and Supporting both Production and Development Systems.
Having good functional knowledge on OM, PO, INV, AR,AP,GL,HRMS, WIP, BOM and PA.
Having good functional knowledge on O2C and P2P.
Exposure on BI Publisher.
Worked on Multiple projects in Multi-Org Environment.
Experience in using METALINK to resolve the issues.
Experience on Creating Value sets and Entering values into value sets and attaching it to Concurrent programs.
Report to Management on the status of the developments and directly interacting with clients from offshore to resolve the issues and Coordinating with Technical Team on delivery.
Worked as Offshore co-coordinator with clients.
Experience on using REMEDY, Kintana and PVCS tools.
Experience in prepare the MD70, MD120, CV and TE documents by using AIM methodology.

Experience

Currently working with Ali Bin Ali Group -Qatar as a Technical Programmer Since 28-Oct-2017 -Tilldate.
Worked with Arrow Electronics India Pvt Ltd,Bangalore as a Sr. Technical Analyst from Feb’2015 to Mar-2017.
Worked with SLK Software Services Pvt Ltd,Bangalore as a Technical Leader from Dec’2011 to Jan’2015.
Worked with Intelligroup Asia Pvt Ltd,Hyderabad as a Programmaer Analyst from Apr’2006 to Oct’2011.
Previously worked with Zensar Technologies, Pune as Technical Consultant From Dec’2004 to Apr’2006.

Academia

Bachelor of Science from SK University.

Perusing MBA from GITAM University.

Skill Sets

Functional/Techno-Functional

Oracle SCM : Oracle Applications 11i/R12 (E-Business Suite)
Modules : OM,PO,INV

Oracle Financial : Oracle Application 11i/R12 (E-Business Suite)
Modules : Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payable,General Ledger

Oracle PA : Oracle Applications 11i/R12 (E-Business Suite)
Module : Oracle Projects Accounting

Oracle Distributions : Oracle Application 11i/R12 (E-Business Suite)
Modules Purchase Orders, INV and OM

Oracle Manufacturing : Oracle Application 11i/R12 (E-Business Suite)
Modules Work in Process, Bill of material

Operating Systems : Windows 9X/NT, UNIX
Languages : SQL*Plus, PL/SQL,Core Java
Database : Oracle 9i,10g
GUI : Discoverer 10g,Forms and Reports 6i/10g, Developer Suite
Reporting Tool : XML Publisher,BI Publisher, Discoverer
Database Tools : Toad, SQL Loader,SqlDevloper

Version Management Tools : MKS,PVCS, ITG Kintana

Key areas of experience include

Designed and developed Forms, Reports and XML Publisher Reports.
Worked on Conversions, Interfaces and Extensions.
Developed Oracle AIM Methodology documents.
Worked on Discoverer reports.
Good experience in application development using SQL, PL/SQL, SQL*Plus, SQL*Loader, Developer 2000 with Oracle 9i/10g/11g.
Developed Packages, procedures, functions and Adwanced objects.
Worked extensively on the Forms, Reports development and customization to migrate legacy system into Oracle ERP.
Worked on custom.pll and Form Personalization’s.
Worked on Workflows.

Career Highlight

Key Projects Handled

Project -1

Project : Ali Bin Ali Group-Qatar (In-house project)
Client : Internal IT-Team
Role : Oracle Technical Programmer

Description:

Ali Bin Ali Technology Solutions (ABATS) is one of the leading IT Systems Integrators in Qatar offering a variety of competitive and innovative business solutions and services. Using a winning combination of superior IT solutions, delivered by quality professionals, ABATS brings out a unique blend of products and service offerings, enhanced with unparalleled after sales support to both Enterprise and CORPORATE companies within Qatar. Our reputation is unrivaled within the industry and we take pride in the quality of our deliverables and the caliber of our human capital. Exceptionally high customer service which breeds customer loyalty is irreplaceable within our internal standards.

Project Details:
The Ali Bin Ali Group is a privately owned company with a heritage that dates back to 1945. Our roots began with a vision to provide quality international products and services to the people of Qatar. Today our Group is one of the largest retail and distribution companies in Qatar.
The Ali Bin Ali Group has taken initiatives to implement Oracle R12 e-Business Suite for their business needs. This will enable all business units to use a single system that provides better maintenance and cost effectiveness.

Responsibilities:

Work with business users to understand requirements in order to define a solution architecture design that meets business and technical needs.

Providing the technical solutions and technical design.

Worked on XML Publisher reports to deliver division specific reports as well as Global reports.

Worked On daily Transaction reports which will enable business to track day to day business.

Worked on Sales reports like Sales order details, Gross Profit, Sales by Agency.

Worked on Inventory reports like Stock provision report, which gives the status of the stock and provision to be calculated for that period.

Reviewing the technical code, documents and test case documents.

Delivered about 50+ SCM, Finance and HRMS reports as per the client requirements

Provided report for reconciliation report to track transactions and balances from Sub ledger to GL.

Provided analysis reports like Sales Analysis by Salesmen, By Agency, By Category..etc.

Delivered customizations using CUSTOM.pll.

Customized forms using form personalization’s.

Developed oracle alerts to notify users for specific needs.

Project -2

Project: Arrow Electronics (In-house project)
Client : Arrow
Role : Sr.Technical Analyst

Description:

Arrow Electronics partners with electronics manufacturers from across the globe to offer a diverse and powerful range of products. From audio components to actuators, diodes to development systems, our selection of products from hundreds of world-class manufacturers is designed to get you the technology you need to fuel your design. Explore our manufacturer list below to find what you need to bring your next project to life.

Project Details:
Arrow ECS Uses MWS as an Internal Quoting and Self Service tool for Resellers .Arrow distributes around 100 Plus Vendors Products and Services. Currently 4 Vendors lines are enabled in this tool. Arrow needs to enable all the Vendors in the quoting tool, the challenge is each vendor is having different Quoting, Pricing and Costing process.
As part of this Project we are coming up with a common Pricing and costing engine design that helps to enable all the vendor lines in this tool.

Responsibilities:

Working on Sales Workspace prod support which is a Quoting tool used to enter and maintain user Quotes.

Worked on custom pricing packages to fix issues in pricing and costing in sales work space.

Customized service contracts page (APEX) to send notification to users when gross profit hold is applied.

Customized service contracts page (APEX) to add new fields and integrated with Oracle order management.

Customized IBPO(APEX) page to add new fields in the page and integrating Oracle Order management.

Work with Functional consultants to understand requirements in order to define a solution architecture design that meets business and technical needs.

Providing the technical solutions and technical design.

Provide mentorship and design direction to developers and analysts to ensure high-quality solutions and consistent deliverables.

Prioritization of technical components based on delivery time lines, complexity and assigning to developers.

Reviewing the technical code, documents and test case documents.

Project -3

Project: JSI (Joint Service Integrator)
Client : Emerson
Role : Technical Lead

Description: Emerson is a Manufacturing industry and they are pioneers in manufacturing measurement and analytical devices, valves and final control elements or systems and software and servicing. They have wide range of industries.

Project Details:
Emerson Process Management has taken initiatives to implement Oracle 11i e-Business Suite service Modules for their business needs. This will enable all business units to use a single system that provides better maintenance and cost effectiveness.
Responsibilities:

Work with Functional consultants to understand requirements in order to define a solution architecture design that meets business and technical needs.

Providing the technical solutions and technical design.

Provide mentorship and design direction to developers and analysts to ensure high-quality solutions and consistent deliverables.

Prioritization of technical components based on delivery time lines, complexity and assigning to developers.

Reviewing the technical code, documents and test case documents.

Project -4

Project: PRISM
Client : Emerson
Role : Technical Lead

Description: Emerson is a Manufacturing industry and they are pioneers in manufacturing measurement and analytical devices, valves and final control elements or systems and software and servicing. They have wide range of industries.

Project Details:
Plant-Web Solution Group currently uses excel system across all their global locations to manage their pre Procurement cycle for Buyout items.

Excel system has certain limitations as each of their offices across globe regions has unique process to manage pre Procurement cycle for Buyout Items and it becomes major challenge when PSG is bidding for GMW “Global Must Win” projects. In GMW projects purchases are planned across multiple currencies and BID Managers are working across globe regions in-order to prepare a BID Document, which eventually needs to be clubbed together. Other major challenges are clubbing data of various global regions for analysis of data post wins / loss in PSG bid, Data Consistency across various global regions and Security.

Responsibilities:

Work with Functional consultants to understand requirements in order to define a solution architecture design that meets business and technical needs.
Involved in analysis of functional requirements and proposed DB design and Technical design.

Providing the technical solutions and technical design.

Provide mentorship and design direction to developers and analysts to ensure high-quality solutions and consistent deliverables.

Prioritization of technical components based on delivery time lines, complexity and assigning to developers.

Reviewing the technical code, documents and test case documents.

Project -5

Project : Project Administration (PA)
Client : Emerson
Role :Technical Consultant

Description: Emerson is a Manufacturing industry and they are pioneers in manufacturing measurement and analytical devices, valves and final control elements or systems and software and servicing. They have wide range of industries.

Project Details: Emerson PSG Division is using third party tool to enter and maintain Project related information. The current project involves developing custom form to enter and maintain project administrator details and creating and update of all project related information and tasks and deliverables from custom form.

Forms:

Developed custom form to enter and maintain Project accounting details in the custom form and integrating with Oracle Projecting accounting.

Project -6

Project : Emerson Rollout
Client : Emerson
Role : Technical Consultant

Description: Emerson is a Manufacturing industry and they are pioneers in manufacturing measurement and analytical devices, valves and final control elements or systems and software and servicing. They have wide range of industries.

Project Details:
Involved in loading of Project Accounting data to different Countries.
Loaded Project accounting data of Projects, Agreements and Funding.
Processed financial plans, Cost, Paid Invoices and Open Invoices data and transferred to PA Module with the help of existing programs.

Project -7

Project : GE (GE Motors Canada Project) :
Client : GE
Role : Technical Consultant

Description :GE Motors Canada is a manufacturing company .The Canada operating unit is using third party system for payments(Account Payables) and third party tool for generator Accounts .

Outbound Interfaces:
The Canada operating unit is using third party system for payments (Account Payables) and third party tool for generator Accounts.
We have done customization to replace accounting system and send PO and Receipt data from oracle to the third party system through Outbound interface with business validations.

Project -8

Project : Miasole
Client : Miasole
Role : Technical Consultant

Description: Miasole is a Manufacturing company, it manufactures Solar Equipment’s.
They are doing R&D in production of best quality Solar Equipment’s.
The current Project is Implementation of Oracle Applications (12.1)

Forms:

When goods are received in Warehouse manager, a single Label is generated for the given Quantity. But Client needs the Labels to be generated as per Unit of Measure. In order to generate multiple Labels (quantity/Unit of measure) Custom form is built to generate and Print manual Labels..

Through form personalization,I have customized Purchase Order form to
Update PO Distribution Attributes, with Requisition Lines Attribute values.

Enabled and disabled Items through form personalization as per business needs in Purchasing module

Discoverer Reports:

Developed Discoverer Reports in finance and manufacturing Modules as per business requirement.

XML Publisher Reports:

Developed Receipt Traveler XML Publisher report to display BARCODE.

Workflow:

Customized PO Approval Workflow to skip Standard Hierarchy and send PO Approval Notification to the specified Approvers based on PO Amount.

Customized PO Approval Workflow to Customize reapproval process.(Notification should not be send for reapproval except when PO Amount is changed).

OAF Customization:

Customized PO Requisition Notification page(OAF Page) to add additional attributes to the page,using JDeveloper.

Install Base Implementation (IB) :

Developed programs update Instances with serial Number from Camster database using API’s.

Developed programs to validate the parties(IB) entered through Custom Portal and if they are not exist in IB created new parties and relationships for Item Instances using API’s .

Project -9

Project: HITACHI
Client : AM Castle
Role : Technical Consultant

Description: A.M. Castle & Co. provides highly engineered materials and value-added processing to a wide range of industrial companies within the producer durable equipment sector. The current Project is Implementation of Oracle Applications (11.5.10). The following tasks involved in the project.

Interfaces:

Distribution Insert Inbound Interface:
Developed Distribution Insert Inbound Interface, to create distribution lines and insert into Distributions table, for all transaction in Ra-Interface_Lines_All.

Developed Custom Interface for Auto Lock Box.

Outbound Interfaces:

Developed Order Interface for Demantra.
Developed Credit Credential Outbound Interface.
Reports:
Involved in Development and Customization of Many Reports in AR, OM.

Customized AR Aging 7 Buckets Report.
Developed FCIA Sales Report.
Developed Regional Banking Centre’s Report.

Project -10

Project: GE Plastic Migration and Customization Project.
Client : GE-Plastics.
Role : Technical Consultant.

Description : GE Polymer shapes is an industry leader in the distribution, conversion and fabrication of plastic products and associated materials. Working with architects, engineers, fabricators, designers and installers, they provide one of the best and broadest selections of plastic sheet, rod, tube and film. The following tasks involved in the project were:

Reports:

Development of new Oracle reports.
Customized the existing reports.
Migration of Oracle Reports from 10.7 to 11.5.10
Conversion of text format to excel format in oracle reports.
Creation of Technical design Documents, Test scripts.

Project -11
Project: GE Sensing Shannon Total Receivable Management Project.
Client : GE-SHANON.
Role : Technical Consultant.

Description: The basic aim of Total Receivables Management (TRM) program for GE Sensing, Shannon is to sell of eligible receivables by GE Sensing, to GE CF on a daily basis with funding, credit and collections and dispute management provided by GE CF. Once sent to GE CF the invoices are closed in GE Sensing Shannon AR through lockbox & credit note programs. Once the receivables are factored and closed out in Oracle, Wing To Wing interface will transfer and re measure (originating currency to functional currency) factoring journal transactions from GE CFS I-Factor system to GE Sensing, Shannon Oracle G/L system. As a result of this process the customer balances at any given point of time would be zero. To ensure the credit management there would be an inbound interface from GECFS to Oracle Order entry in GE Sensing Shannon to update the customer balances.

Reports:

Development of Po Vendor Analysis Monthly Detail Report.
Development of Po Vendor Analysis Monthly Summary Report.
Development of Po Vendor Analysis Quarterly Detail Report.
Development of Po Vendor Analysis Quarterly Summary Report.
Involved in Customization of Layout For Other Reports.

Project -12

Project: FLUKE Project
Client : Fluke-UK
Role : Technical Consultant.

Description: The project is Implementation of Oracle Application 11i. Fluke Industrial and Precision Management is leaders in manufacturing Testing Tools like Thermometers, Scope meters, Lamps, Fibers Optics..etc.
Reports:
Customization of Fluke Austria Invoice Report.
Customization of Fluke Switzerland Invoice Report.
Customization of Fluke Norway Invoice Report.
Customization of Fluke Germany Invoice Report.
Customization of Fluke Netherlands Invoice Report.
Customization of Fluke France Invoice Report.
Customization of Fluke Italy Invoice Report.
Customization of Fluke Spain Invoice Report.
Customization of Fluke Denmark Invoice Report.
Development of Questionnaire Report.

Custom. pll:
Developed Custom.pll for Seeded Forms A.C to client requirement.

Project -13

Project: O2C Project
Client : EA-UK
Role : Technical Consultant.

Description: The project is Customization of Project. Electronic Arts (EA) is an American developer, marketer, publisher, and distributor of computer and video games. Established in 1982 by Trip Hawkins, the company was a pioneer of the early home computer games industry and was notable for promoting the designers and programmers responsible for their games. EA was just a publisher for its first few years and exclusively published for home computers, but began developing games in-house in the late 1980s and started supporting consoles in the early 1990s.
Reports:
Customization of EA VAT Reconciliation Report.
Customization of EA Open Return Detail Report.
Development of EA Open Return Detail Concurrent Program Registration Script.
Customization of EA Pinnacle Receipts Alert.
Customization of EA AR Credit Limit Report.
Development of PO Details Report.
Development of EA Special Price List Report.
Customization of EA INV Report.

Competencies

Effective Listening Skills
Effective Teamwork

Rajesh
Mobile: +974-******** Email: ac9cws@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate