Carlos Escalona
Petroleum Engineer

I have a bachelor’s degree in petroleum engineering and have worked in the industry for more than nineteen years where My area of expertise focuses on Digital Oilfield technology, asset optimization and technical project management for Oil and Gas industry. Where I gained a lot of experience related to production operations in the determination of well analysis through pioneering technology for production monitoring, early detection of opportunities in wells, facilities and operations in the design, development and implementations of engineering workflows (DOF) for the Asset Optimization. Help to support technical excellence of the operating staff and field operating personnel and work closely with other multi-disciplinary teams with others discipline. My communication skills are excellent which allow me to assign work to personnel to attain the maximum utilization of staff and to coordinate the activities of all operations involved in the surveillances, monitoring, optimizations, reports and development workflows for the identification of areas of opportunities to avoid production losses, performing the analysis of the operational events and generating the action plans.

Other tasks I am able to complete include but are not limited to coordinating the technical project management, Oil and Gas technology project require a unique approach to project management. Challenge include achieving all the project goals within constraints of scope, quality and budget, optimizing the allocation of necessary inputs and interesting them to meet pre-defined objectives. It involves improving efficiency and maximizing the profitability of business operations by designing and overseeing production and business operations.

In additional the majority of the projects that I have participated, I have been able to optimize gas and oil wells to identify candidate wells that require interventions are completed and enforce the production performance to help with the fulfillment of the objectives of production in the assets. This includes applying engineering principles to all petroleum machinery and designing or changing the mining plus oil field machinery along with tools.

Respectfully,

Carlos J. Escalona
Contact this candidate