Professional Summary

V Having * Years on SAP-ABAP/ Programming in Developing and Implementing
the client requirements. Having 2-Full End-to-End life cycle
Implementations Experience with strong understanding of Business
Requirements, Business Process Flow, System Process Modeling and
System Analysis.

V Experience in Implementation, and Support Projects.

V Worked extensively in Classical/Interactive/ALV/OOP's reports, Batch
Data Communication (BDC's) & LSMW (uploading data from Legacy system
into SAP R/3), SAP Scripts & Smart Forms (Modifications to existing
SAP forms and Developed Customized Layouts), Data Dictionary
(Understanding the relationship between SAP Tables, Customization of
Data Repositories and Customer Maintained Reference Tables), Module
Pool Programming(Dialog programming), RFC's and Enhancements (User
Exits).

V Extensive involvement with gathering requirements, documenting
business specifications, translating them into technical
specifications, carrying out Technical Design, Coding, Code Reviews to
ensure quality, time lines and completeness of enhancements.

V Participated in business and technical design sessions with
developers, Basis team and QA team along with hands on expertise in
process identification, project management, direct customer
interaction and leadership responsibilities.

V Extensive experience in the implementation, development, upgrade and
integration strategies within a team oriented environment, utilizing
quantitative and qualitative analytical skills.

V Possess excellent Communication, Presentation, Analytical, Problem
Solving skills, Identify, investigate, analyze, define and document
business requirements, always willing to work in challenging
environment.

V Positive work attitude, highly motivated, fast learner, and a team
player with good technical and analytical skills to work independently
as well as in team.

V Experience in training Junior Team members.

V Model View Controller (MVC) Architecture.
V Creation of Views, Windows, Plugs, Nodes, Navigation between Views,
and Designing Views according to Requirement By placing UI Elements
on Views Etc.
V Using Service Call and Component usage
V Experience in Using FPM framework for SAP standard UI Guidelines.

V Experience in Creating External windows, pop-up windows, Confirmation
dialog windows.

V Worked on Dynamic Programming with UI elements.

V Very Good Knowledge in OOABAP Programming Principles.

V Good Knowledge on Roadmap Concept.

V Involved in integrating & customizing web Based ALV features using
SALV_WD_TABLE Component.

V Involved in implementing Context Based, Window Based, Message based,
Cross component.

V Knowledge on Service Call using BAPI.

Work Experience

Working as an SAP ABAP Consultant for wipro infotech, mumbai from may
2011 to

Till Date.

Educational Qualification:-
B.Tech. (I.T)

ABAP and Web Dynpro Abap Skills

* Data Dictionary
* Reports & ALV
* BDC & LSMW
* Scripts & Smart Forms
* RFC's and BAPI
* Enhancements
* Dialog Programming
* User Exit's
* Model View Controller (MVC) Architecture.
* Knowledge on Service Call using BAPI.
* Roadmap Concept.
* Good Knowledge in OOABAP

Strengths

V Quick learning

V Good trainer

V Effective communication skills

V Effective presentation skills

PROJECT DESCRIPTION

Project 1:

Client : Arcellor Mittal Bremen (AMB)

Role : SAP Webdynpro ABAP Consultant

Duration : Feb 2013 to Till date

Client Profile:

Arcellor Mittal is the world's leading steel and mining company.
Guided by a philosophy to produce safe, sustainable steel, it is the
leading supplier of quality steel products in all major markets including
automotive, construction, household appliances and packaging. Arcelor
Mittal operates in 60 countries and employs about 260,000 people worldwide.

My Contribution to the project:

. Involved in WebDynpro developments & Modifications.

. Developed custom Web based application for the employee trip
expenditure using TREE (hierarchy) with TABLE and FORM combination.

. Developed OVS Search Helps for Parameter as well as Select Options.

. Implemented Assistance Class to get the application data.

. Worked with Both ALV as well as Table with dynamic Programming.

. Worked on File Upload and Download with DMS concept.

. Developed an application for Vendor Master Information with respect to
Buyer as well as Supplier view.

. Developed an Outstanding Balance Report for Vendor as well as Buyers
view with print preview with smart form output.

. Developed a scheduling program for Certifications expiry dates.

. Performance Tuning & documentation.

Project 2:

Client : Celestica, CANADA

Role : SAP ABAP Consultant

Duration : may 2012 to Jan 2013

Client Profile:

This project was developed for CELESTICA, a leading electronics
manufacturer and assembler. The work includes enhancements or service
requests necessary to support the existing user base. New functionality
may be added through enhancements and will be treated as application
development. The new functionality may encompass a large functional
enhancement to the existing business processes or a completely new process.

Responsibilities:

. Developed an ALV Report, which displays Delivery and Invoice details
for a range of given sale orders.

. Developed an ALV report to display a list with details of quantity
stock for specific materials in specific plants or storage locations
based on the input values like plant, storage location, and material
and product hierarchy entered on the selection screen.

. Developed a BDC to upload the Material master data.

. Developed a BDC program to create Vendor Master with reference to the
Bank Details by using Table Controls.

. Developed BDC to upload open Purchase Orders, customer down payments,
vendor down payments, Material Document Cancellation using Session
Method.

. Develop an LSMW for uploading customer data.

. Develop a Smart form to print the Invoice Details along with
Copies/Final windows.

. Developed an SAP Script Form to print the PO.

. Creation of Z-tables maintaining Table Maintenance Generator.

. Establishment of RFC destinations with SAP to legacy system.

. Implemented a BADI to Validate the MIGO.

. Developed a BAPI program for uploading SALES ORDERS.

. Raise an error message when the customer belongs to country 'US' and
industry key is not specified.

Project 3:

Client : BOC Edwards. UK.

Role : SAP ABAP Consultant

Environment : SAP ECC 6.0.

Duration : june 2011 to Mar 2012

Client Profile:

BOC Edwards is a value-added supplier of gases and equipment for the
world's most advanced Manufacturing industries. The end-to-end knowledge
ensures that everything works in synchrony.BOC Edwards is a leading
supplier to the world's most advanced industries Including semiconductor,
compound semiconductor, flat panel display, chemical, pharmaceutical,
metallurgy, scientific instrumentation and research and development.

Responsibilities:

. Developed various reports like classical, interactive and ALV'S.

. Developed BDC Programs on predefined Transactions.

. Using LSMW direct input method uploaded master and transactional data
into SAP system.

. Modifying the standard SAP Scripts to suit the customer requirements.

. Developed User exit based on the requirement.

. Reprocessing the failed IDOCS using standard programs.

. Performance tuning in existing reports.
Contact this candidate