SAP BI/BW Technical Consultant Swati
Raja Tamboli

Career Objective
Seeking to further my career in SAP BI/BW, helping to bring the best out of me and helping the
growth of the organization. Keen to apply best business practices through innovative solutions while
updating myself with the latest technologies. Flexible to travel internationally and available
immediately.

Personal and management skills
Excellent international level English skills, both verbal and written, allows me to quickly develop
rapport with global users and clients and maintain good business relationships
Organized, efficient, flexible and versatile team player who will work hard and excel in any
environment.
Impressive work ethic, reliable, dependable, conscious of duties and responsibilities.
A positive approach to all tasks and pride in achievements has resulted in many successes.
Quick learner easily adapt to new technologies and environment.
An ability to work under pressure in a fast-paced, time-sensitive environment and ability to quickly
assimilate new technologies and their standards and procedures
Adopt a systematic approach to problem solving and effectively analyze results and implement
solutions.
Dedicated and committed, willing to take on challenging roles, tough assignments and work to tight
deadlines

Education
2003– 2009 Vemana Institute of Technology, Bangalore

1st Class Degree in BE (Electronics and Communication)

2001 – 2003 St. Anne’s College, Bangalore

Pre University Course in PCMC

2000 – 2001 Little Angels Modern High School, Bangalore

Work Experience

Oct 2012 – July 2013 IBM Global Technology Services (Bangalore)
SAP BI/BW Project Team Member
Diageo – Project Drake, allowing consumers to buy online

Duties included

• Worked with Administration Workbench (RSA1).
• Extracted data from SAP R/3 and loaded to BI, using LO Cockpit, for Project Drake, using
the Accelerated SAP methodology.
• Helped set up job schedules and monitored them.
• Created Info Source, Transfer structures, Transfer rules, Communication structures, Info
Objects, Update rules, Operational Data Store, Info Cubes

Swati Raja Tamboli
Page 1 of 3
• Knowledge in Performance tuning and scheduling Batch Processes through process chains.
• Set up Bex Queries and trained users in how to run the report and create batch schedules for
these reports.

Jan 2012 – Sept 2012 IBM Global Technology Services (Bangalore)
SAP BI/BW Project Team Member
Diageo – Adding a new hub in Panama

Duties included
• Worked in conjunction with the R3 project members to define data mapping rules from R/3 to BI/
BW
• Gathered report requirements from business team and discussed these with senior BI/BW
consultants, with a view to replicating the reports in Bex
• Helped on LO Cockpit extractions, loading data Infocubes, ODS objects for different
applications.
• Carried out several data loads by executing infoPackages using both the update methods i.e. full
update method and initialization with delta update.
• Activated infoSources for transaction and master data. Assigned source systems to the
infoSources and updated.
• Created infoPackages and populated infoCubes with initialization and delta loads at predefined
scheduled time settings. Used full update methods depending on the requirement.
• Loaded Data into the ODS Object before transporting the data into the InfoCube.
• Managed and monitored several data loads. Optimized the load performance by adjusting the
packet sizes. Created the indices for the infoProviders for better query performance.
• Uploaded Transaction Data from a Flat File as the Source System.
• Involved in Info Cube maintenance i.e., Compression, Roll-up.
• Worked on creating Partitions and Indexes for Infocubes to improve performance.
• Involved in Performance tuning of Queries by maintaining Aggregates.

Oct 2009 – Dec 2011 IBM Global Technology Services (Bangalore)
Helpdesk Support Team

Senior Technical Support Representative (ITIL V3 Certified). Responsibilities include ensuring
customer issue resolution (exceeding customer satisfaction), escalating issues to a higher level if
required, and documentation of resolution prior to ticket closure. Regular team meetings to discuss
process improvements
Details of Job description
• Responsible and accountable for the adoption and successful implementation of ITIL based
processes covering Service Desk and Incident Management.
• Knowledge of Global Delivery Frameworks
• Ensuring daily SLA and SLO are attained
• Taking issue ownership from creation to resolution, raising ticket severity if required
• Checking the status and updating ticket severity
• Act as the primary escalation point for tickets logged
• Monitor Ticket status to ensure tickets are routed to correct resolver groups
• Liaise with Resolver Technical, SDL & SDM teams to ensure faster resolution times

Swati Raja Tamboli
Page 2 of 3
• Arranging team meetings regularly with a view to raising support standards to exceed clients’
expectations and to streamline internal business processes
• Planning and implementing customer support structures
• Providing expertise and customer service support through multiple platforms
Technical Skills
Business Intelligence : SAP BI 7.0, BW 3.5
ERP : SAP ECC 6.0S, ECC 5.0, SAPR/3 (4.6)
Reporting Tool : Query Designer, Bex Analyzer
Operating System : Window 98, 2000, Server 2003 & XP, Windows Vista, Windows 8
Ms Office : Office 98, 2003 & 2007
Other Language :C, C++
Hands-on experience with various tools including, Remedy7.5, Citrix, Remote tools, SAP and Active
Directory.

Knowledge in SAP BI/BW

Knowledge in SAP BI/BW Modelling: Creation of Info area, Info Object Catalogs, Info
objects, Info cubes, DSO, Info sets, Multi providers...etc.
Extraction: Creation of Generic Extractors, LO Extraction.
Reporting: Creation of free characteristics, Filter, Structure, Cell editor, RKF, CKF, New
formula and new selection.
Having Knowledge in Variable types, Variable processing Methods, Key Figure and
characteristic properties, Query properties.
Knowledge of full Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
• Understanding of various data models including ERM, MDM, and Extended Star
Schema.
• Also extracted data from flat files.
• Generic Extractions. OLTP extraction data, loading (Initial / Delta Up-Loads).
• Performance Tuning using Rollups, Partition and Compression
• Experience in building Multi provider and Info sets as per the needs
• knowledge in different update mode like direct delta, queued delta, Unseralized v3
update

Personal Details

Full Name Swati Raja Tamboli

Nationality Indian

Marital Status Single

Languages known English, Hindi, Kannada and Marathi

Contact Number +91-988-***-****

Email aceg1p@r.postjobfree.com

Swati Raja Tamboli
Page 3 of 3
Contact this candidate