RESUME

Dinesh Chandra Dwivedi
Contact No: +91-783**-*****
Email: acf5ny@r.postjobfree.com
Oracle Apps Technical Consultant

Objective: Seeking a challenging career in the area of ERP this will
utilize my educational background and improve my skills.
Professional Exposure
. 3+ years of professional experience in Customization, Enhancement &
Implementations of Oracle e-business suite R12.
. Have Functional and Technical Knowledge of Oracle Supply Chain
Management Modules (OM, Inventory, Purchasing) and finance (AP, AR,
GL).
. Experience in Regression, Functional and Integration testing.
. Good hands on experience in AOL and SYSADMIN Activities.
. Expertise in working with end-users for support, troubleshooting and
giving effective & efficient resolutions for the functional and
technical issues.
. Developing and Customizations of BI (XML) Publisher Reports, RICE
Components, Basics of Workflows.
. Expertise in maintain documents like MD70, Process Manuals.
Key Skills:
. ERP : Oracle Applications R12(12.1.3)
. MODULES: INV, OM, Purchasing, AP, AR, GL
. LANGUAGES: SQL, PL/SQL
. DATABASES: Oracle 10g
. Tools: HP ALM, Report Builder, SQL*Loader, PL/SQL Developer, XML (BI)
Publisher, Workflow Builder.

Professional Experience:

. Organization : Gapbridge Software Services Pvt. Ltd.
Period : April, 2014 to till date.
Designation : Oracle Apps Functional Consultant

. Organization : iRemember Info Solutions Private Limited
Period : July, 2011 to 23 April, 2014
Designation : Apps Techno Functional Consultant

Project under Taken #1
Client : HCL Technologies Ltd.
Project : Agilent Project USA
Description: Agilent is an American company that designs and manufactures
electronic and bio-analytical measurement instruments and equipment for
measurement and evaluation.
Roles and Responsibilities:
. Worked on issues related to O2C and P2P cycles.
. IC, Tax and AGIS IC testing Scenarios with Q2C, ICAP, ICAR Invoicing.
. Work with offshore team in India.
. Unit testing execution for each business process.
. Design test scripts of all sub-process identified in assessment phase.
. Working on HP ALM tool for reporting and Test scenarios executions.

Project Under Taken #2
Client : Goyal Brothers Prakashan (GBP)
Project : Implementation and Post Go Live Support of Oracle Apps R12
Description: GBP is a name to reckon with among the leading, well known
and prestigious publishing houses in India today. It now caters to over
25,000 schools all over India and sells over 8 million books. Different
Modules like INV, OM, PO, AP, AR, GL, BOM, WIP etc are implemented.
Roles and Responsibilities:
. Implementation of Oracle modules like inventory level setups, sub
inventories, item master, categories, Shipping Rules, Picking Rules
etc
. Assisted in GL Setup - Setting up Accounting structure, Currency,
Calendar and Ledger.
. Worked on Supplier Conversion.
. Worked on Order-to-Cash including RMA Cycle, Oracle Pricing,
Qualifiers & Modifiers and Procure-to-Pay includes IR Process Flow.
. Experienced in working with ISO CYCLE.
. Testing done on Order-to-Cash and Procure-to-Pay process flows.
. Designed and customized reports like AR Invoice, Order Confirmation,
Payment Voucher, Invoice Voucher Reports etc.
. Developed custom PL/SQL to facilitate conversion of AP Invoice from
legacy systems into Oracle Purchasing using the Payable Open Interface
Import program.
. Involved in creation of Concurrent programs, executables flex fields
and Value sets.
. Involvement in preparation of Technical Design Documents from
Functional Design Documents.
. Developed MD70 Doc for reports.

Project Under Taken #3
Client : Ravissant Private Limited
Project : Implementation and Post Go Live Support of Oracle Apps R12
Description: Manufacturer silver jewelry, garments, saree, shawl, fashion
wear, homewares, crockery etc.
Roles and Responsibilities:
. Implementation of Multilevel hierarchy in Purchasing.
. Implementation of Multilevel hierarchy in Requisitions.
. Define Employees and Assign them Designations.
. Open GL, Inventory, Purchase Control Periods.
. Define Employees and Assign them Designations
. Testing done on Order-to-Cash and Procure-to-Pay process flows.
. Defining the Profile Options for inventory, New Created
responsibilities.
. Worked on Supplier Conversion.
. Designed and customized reports like Job Wise Item Issue/Receipt
Report and Item Master Image Report using Oracle Reports Builder.
. Create new Responsibilities using Menu Exclusions and assigning it to
the users.
. Developed Concurrent programs, executables flex fields and Value sets.
. Development of Reports from scratch.

Project Under Taken #4
Client : Turtle Limited
Project : Support of Oracle Apps R12
Description: Turtle is one of India's fastest growing menswear companies.
It's providing formidable value and international style across a range of
shirts, T-shirts, trousers and accessories. Turtle has branched out all
over the country. Turtle's two iconic brands: - Turtle and London Bridge.
Roles and Responsibilities:
. Worked on issues related to O2C and P2P cycles.
. Designed and customized reports like Turtle Back Date On Hand Report,
and Sales Planning including hold order, Turtle Sales & Purchase
Planning Details, Report using Oracle Reports Builder.
. Involved in creation of Concurrent programs.
. Development of Value Sets and flex fields as per the client needs.

Project Under Taken #5
Client : Neva Garments
Project : ERP Support
Roles and Responsibilities:
. Resolved issues related to Order-to-Cash and Procure-to-Pay process
flows.
. Development of forms and Reports from scratch.
. Involved in creation of Concurrent programs, executables flex fields
and Value sets.
. Experienced in working with ISO CYCLE.

Academic Profile

B.Tech in Electronics & Communication from Uttar Pradesh Technical
University in 2011 (67.4%).

Personal Info:

. Father : Rajendra Prasad Dwivedi
. Language : Hindi, English
. Marital Status : Unmarried
. Nationality : Indian
. Permanent Address : Vill-Kaibha,Post-Kenaura (Ramganj), Dist-
Sultanpur, Pin- 228159
. Local Address : B-Block Market, Sec-62, Noida,
UP.
Contact this candidate