SUNIL KUMAR V

Email: acf786@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile: +91-988*******

EXPERIENCE SUMMARY

. Over 4 years of programming experience as an Oracle PL/SQL Developer
in Analysis, Design and Implementation of Business Applications using
the Oracle Relational Database Management System (RDBMS).
. Developed Complex database objects like Stored Procedures, Functions,
Packages and Triggers using SQL and PL/SQL.
. Rich experience and skill in Oracle application enhancement and
support on Oracle E-Business Suite Applications 11i and Oracle tools
like SQL, PL/SQL.
. Experience in Oracle supplied packages, Records and PL/SQL Tables.
. Hands on Experience on Oracle Supply Chain Management (SCM) module and
Application developer (AOL) responsibility.
. Good exposure to Procure to pay (P2P), Order to cash cycles (O2C).
. Have involved in day to day client interaction to work on Production
issues.
. An effective team player, dedicated, willingness to learn, take
instruction and responsibility and well organized at work.
. Flexible and adaptable to new situations and challenges.
. Ensures a positive work environment within the team by being
cooperative and taking up responsibility.

CERTIFICATION

. An Oracle Certified SQL,PL/SQL Developer Associate (OCA)
. Software Engineering Internal Certification (Capgemini)

ACHIEVMENTS

. Was Rewarded with Project Star Award for Support Project for positive
contribution towards work and for being an effective team member.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Technology Skill Set
Oracle related Oracle Apps 11i, Oracle Reports, SQL Loader, Discoverer,
tools and XML Publisher,Oracle 10g
applications
Languages SQL, PLSQL, Unix
Tool Putty, TOAD, Appworx, M6 Metasolv GUI
Add-on Skills C,C++/Java

EDUCATION
Qualification University/Board Year of Percentage
Passing
B.E. (IT) CMR Institute of Technology, 2010 72%
Bangalore
12th St.Joseph PU College, Bangalore 2006 83%
10th Miranda English High School, 2004 87.52%
Bangalore

WORK EXPERIENCE
Organization Designation Duration
Capgemini India Pvt Ltd Consultant July 2010 -
Present

PROJECTS PROFILE

1. Dresser-Rand Data Migration( July 2014 - Till Date)
Project Title Dresser-Rand Data Migration
Project Manufacturing, Dresser-Rand
Domain, Client
Software/Speci Sql Developer, Putty, AppsMigrate
al Tools
Role Data Migration
Roles Core code development for Data migration
performed Analysing the Pre-requisites for Data Migration
Understanding the Legacy Data fields to be mapped to Oracle
tables
Using the Appmigrate tool to perform Data Validation and
loading the data
Interaction with the client for migration and status calls
Version Oracle EBS R12
Description This project is to perform Data Migration activity from
Legacy system for Manufacturing domain to Oracle tables for
Various sites client is operating.
Learnings from Getting an oportunity to work on various modules is helping
the project to have understand of the integration between different
module

2. Frontier Tirks Data Migration( January 2014 - June 2014)
Project Title Frontier Tirks Data Migration
Project Telecom, Frontier
Domain, Client
Software/Speci Sql Developer, Putty, M6 Metasolv GUI
al Tools
Role PL/SQL Developer
Roles Analysis of Legacy data
performed Core code development for Data migration
Created PL/SQL stored procedures, functions and packages
for moving the data from staging area to Target area
Created scripts to create new tables, views, queries for
new enhancement in the application
Created indexes on the tables for faster retrieval of the
data to enhance database performance
Extensively used bulk collection in PL/SQL objects for
improving the performing
Handled errors using Exception Handling extensively for the
ease of debugging and displaying the error messages in the
application
Involved in creating UNIXshellScripting
Test case generation for migrated Data
Interaction with the client for migration and status calls
Version Oracle 10g
Description This project was a Data Migration Project for Telecom
Inventory Management.Data
Frontier Communications has acquired the TIRKS systems
inventory from AT&T in the state of Connecticut.
Through this project Frontier Communications will integrate
the newly acquired inventory of equipment and circuits into
their existing operations support system M6 (Oracle
Metasolv).
Learnings from This project being a data migration project, helped me to
the project work under pressure to meet deadlines
Working under this project demanded to make decisions on
various ways of performing tasks and provided me confidence
to take decisions on working out tasks
By taking up initiatives and involving in various code
changes helped me to consider various ways of solving a
problem keeping performance of the code in mind and to have
a bigger picture while solving any problem (To analyse the
data before solving any problem so that we have all
possible scenarios to consider before starting to code)

3. AT&T Production Support (Oct 2010 - Decmber 2013)
Project Title AT&T Telecommunications
Project Telecom, AT&T
Domain,Client
Software/Speci Oracle EBS Suite,Appworx (Scheduling tool), Toad,Putty
al Tools
Role Techno Functional Resource for Support and Enhancement
Project
Roles Estimation and Analyzing the reason for the Ticket raised
performed Guiding and Managing the Team Members technically and
functionally to fix the issues
Interaction with Client to understand the issue
Understanding the various enhancements raised by clients
Involved in the continuous enhancements and fixing of
production problems
Modules SCM Module
Covered
Version Oracle Applications Release 11i (11.5.10)
Description This project is to Support for AT&T Production Instance
11.5.10 of Oracle SCM.
Through Oracle apps SCM modules an automated process to
keep track of all the SCM process in AT&T wireless system
was setup.
The end to end processing of an Order that passes through
various phases of SCM were setup and was ensured the
complete process was smooth.
Learnings from Along with the technical learnings, project helped me to
the project become a good team member by helping to co-operate well
with the team members by being flexible with work and by
setting up knowledge sharing sessions on the new learnings
Took up initiative in the way of keeping records of the day
to day activites which helped in tracking the status of all
activities performed on the day and ensured no tasks in the
day were missed
Facing the client during the Sev issues helped me to gain
confidence during client interactions and thought how to
effectively involve and see the sev issues to be resolved

PERSONAL INFORMATION
. Name : Sunil Kumar V
. Date of birth : 10th October 1988
. Current Visa Status : Have a Approved H1B Visa
. EmailID : acf786@r.postjobfree.com
. Present Address : House No. 29, JCR Layout,Panathur,
Banglore (Karnataka) -
560103[pic]
Contact this candidate