ANUJA JOSHI

Cell: 206-***-****
E-mail:
acfsam@r.postjobfree.com

Profile
Oracle Apps Technical Consultant

Work Authorization
EAD (L2)

Primary Skills
EBS R12 & 11i, Oracle Forms and Reports, XML Publisher, OAF, Oracle
Workflows, Data Conversion and Interfaces.

Summary of experience
. Experience in different areas of Oracle Applications like analysis,
design, development and implementation of business processes.
. Functional and technical exposure to key business processes in different
modules like Inventory (INV), Order Management (OM), Purchasing (PO),
Account Payables (AP) and Account Receivables (AR).
. Functional knowledge and Technical experience in Order to Cash (O2C) &
Procure to Pay (P2P) business life cycles.
. Experience in OAF Personalization, Worked on different BC4J components
for Extension (CO, VO) and Creation of new OAF pages in JDeveloper 10g
environment.
. Experience in XML publisher reports and Standard Oracle Report
customizations.
. Customization of Oracle Forms as per client requirements.
. Expertise in Data Conversion and Interface development.
. Experience in Oracle Workflow customization according to business needs.
. Proficient in writing stored procedures, packages and functions using
PL/SQL.
. Experience with the overall Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
process - performing detailed analysis, collecting requirements, designing
technical specifications, development and unit testing, integration and
production install and support.
. Strong analytical, diagnostic and troubleshooting skills and ability to
work in a fast-paced and team-oriented environment.

Professional Experience
. Company : Technos IT
. Designation : Executive Trainee
. Job Role : Java Developer
. Duration : Jan 2011 to May 2011

. Company : IBM India Pvt. Ltd.
. Designation : Associate Software Engineer
. Job Role : Oracle Applications Developer
. Duration : Jul 2011 to Jan 2014

Education Qualification
. Masters of Computer Application, in June 2011.

Certifications
.Oracle Certified Oracle Database 11g: SQL Fundamentals
.Oracle Certified Oracle9i: Programming with PL/SQL

Technical Skills
.ERP Tool : Oracle Apps EBS R12 &11i
.Modules : INV, OM, PO, AP and AR
.Database : Oracle 10g/9i
.Languages : SQL, PL/SQL, Core Java
.Tools/Utilities : D2k, Jdeveloper 10g, SQL *Loader, Workflow Builder, XML
Publisher, TOAD, SQL *Plus

Apps Project

1) Toshiba Global Commerce Solutions, US -Feb 2013 to Jan 2014

Toshiba Global Commerce Solutions (TGCS) is an R12 Oracle Apps
implementation project. Client is the leading supplier of point-of-sale
systems which functions globally including development, sales and related
in-store maintenance. The business company is headquartered in North
Carolina (USA), with sales offices throughout the world and is an IBM
Premier Business Partner.

Environment: EBS R12 and Oracle Database 10g
Module: INV, OM, PO, AP, AR
Role: Technical Consultant

Responsibilities:
. Involved in the development of Interfaces/ Conversions to import the data
from legacy system into oracle application base tables.
. Developed and tested the interface and conversion validation scripts.
. Worked on UTL_PACKAGE and SQL*LOADER for the interfaces and conversions.
. Involved in development of XML Reports based on business requirements and
registered them in Oracle applications.
. Defined value sets, concurrent programs, request sets, registering
reports and PL/SQL Procedures and Packages.
. Involved in OAF Extension (CO Extension).
. OAF Personalization and its migration to other instances.
. Customized workflows according to the requirements.
. Performed the unit testing for the code and migrated the files through
PVCS tool.
. Preparation of technical specifications and delivering the code and
related documents.

Conversions:
. Developed Customer Conversion to load historical customer's data into
Oracle base tables.
. Developed Item Conversion to load legacy data into Oracle base tables.
.Auto Invoice Conversion to load Customer's Invoices into Oracle base
tables.
. Developed On hand Quantity Conversion package which performs validation
and insertion into interface table from legacy data and finally inserts
into seeded table through import program.

Interfaces:
. Developed outbound interface to extract supplier details data using
UTL_FILE Package.

Reports:
. Customize the "Receipt Adjustment" standard Oracle Report to get a
delimited output file instead of a regular layout.

Extensions:
. Customized Oracle's seeded 'Task Manager' workflow.
. Development of customized forms using OAF.
. Worked on different BC4J components for customizations. Extended VO (View
Objects) and modified the CO (controllers) in PO module.

2)Vodafone India, India Oct 11 - Jan 13

Vodafone India, formerly known as a cellular operator in India is an Oracle
Applications 11i enhancement and maintenance project which covers 23
telecom circles of India based in Mumbai. Client is in the process of
building an enterprise-wide, component-based, message-enabled
infrastructure through the Global Business Integration Services Program.

Environment: Oracle Applications 11i and Oracle Database 10g.
Module: CRM, PO, OM
Role: Technical Consultant

Responsibilities:
. Collecting Business requirements and translating them into technical
requirements and involved with implementation of complete service.
. Development and customization of Oracle forms based on Customer
requirements.
. Worked on Form Personalization.
. Involved in Workflow customization.
. Involved in AOL activities related to all Concurrent Processing and
Programming, Custom Application Development, System Administration, Flex
field, Value sets etc.
. Implementation of new requirements and change requests.
. Debugging and fixing bugs in pl/sql packages and Oracle forms.
. Preparing functional and technical design documents as per client's
requirements.
. Supported UATs and post production issues.

Interfaces:
. Order Management Outbound Interface Program to extract the data from
sales order header, sales order lines, item master, WSH delivery header and
WSH delivery details data from base tables to flat file using UTL_FILE
package.

Reports:
. Sales Order Acknowledgement Report customization. Requirement is to give
all the details of the sales orders which are either entered, booked and
closed. This flow status code should be passed as a parameter to user
through which user gets details of sales order for desired status.

Extensions:
. OAF personalization in PO Module.
. Implemented the zoom functionality in Standard Oracle form.
Contact this candidate