SUMMARY OF SKILLS:
. Corporate Communication: Written & Verbal
. Leadership
. Time Management
. Problem Solving
. Market Research
. Web Development
. Tech-Savvy
. Research
. Customer Service
. Enthusiasm and Passion

EDUCATION:

California State University, Long Beach
December 2014
B.A. Communication Studies, GPA 3.6 - Dean's List, Honors
Society
Minor: Web & Technology Applications
Certificate in Human Resource Management
Relevant Courses:
Business Communication, Conflict Resolution, Interviewing
Theory, Law & Business, Calculus I & II, Web Design,
Computer Networking, Statistics, Human Factors

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
. Office Suite: Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, SPSS, HTML5,
CSS, JavaScript, PHP, WordPress, Bootstrap, Dreamweaver,
software installation, troubleshooting, video editing

WORK EXPERIENCE:

Internet Brands, Inc., El Segundo, CA
Recruiting/HR Intern
Spring 2014-Present
. Research, identify and implement a variety of proactive sourcing
strategies
. Partner with corporate recruiters and hiring managers to recruit,
screen, evaluate and attract top-talent to the hiring managers
specifics, focusing on upper level positions
. Initiated communication and maintained relationships with
candidates throughout process
. Assist in managing the company's web-based applicant tracking
system, as well as document and communicate recruiting updates
and metrics to hiring managers and stakeholders
. Updated and maintained Social Media, Facebook, Instagram,
Twitter, Tumbler, etc.

Rayce PR, Long Beach, CA
Web Specialist Assistant
Winter 2013
. Assisted in the preparation, creation and implementation of
client websites, including but not limited to client branding and
content management
. Worked with several web development platforms including but not
limited to WordPress and Foursquare
. Created and maintained client web pages including theming and
coding (HTML, CSS, PHP, JavaScript)

Redhill Group, Inc., Irvine, CA
Research/Data Quality Assurance Intern
Fall 2012, Summer & Fall 2013
. Utilized GIS (Geographic Information System) software to geocode
specific GPS coordinates into database, examine geographic points
of reference, and revise erroneous transit data to ensure data
had logical progression
. Assisted and trained interns with innovative techniques to
generate higher completion rates
. Recommended survey model improvements to technicians which
doubled productivity and meet project quotas to accomplish
contract objectives.
. Reinforced market research firm with exceptional initiative by
handling a high volume of calls through warm calling respondents
and cold calling specific areas to collect transit data useful to
public transportation agencies
. Worked on multiple projects inside and outside the office using
heavy research components, resolving spatial discrepancies, and
maintaining emphasis on providing quality information.
. Provided excellent customer service to ensure completion of
surveys, recorded detailed information in daily log

Alexander Mann Solutions, London, United Kingdom
Consultant Intern - (Internship through study abroad program)
Spring 2013
. Conducted data analysis for sales and marketing department on
emerging talent, specializing in gender diversity and STEM
graduates in the United Kingdom, to pitch to perspective clients
of AMS
. Contacted clients, coworkers, and external data services to
collect and analyze data metrics for research project
. Formulated research data into comprehensive reports giving
suggestions for AMS clients in gender diversity for recruitment
practices, for example how, when, and where to attract females in
recruitment process

Hollywood Branded, El Segundo, CA
Public Relations Intern
Fall 2011
. Conducted celebrity and company outreach to provide services for
an event Hollywood Branded was hosting for Extreme Makeover: Home
Edition
. Researched and created PowerPoint presentations for the President
to pitch to perspective clients on the importance of product
placement and the company
. Organized paperwork and specific tasks to prepare for the large
event. Assisted in event planning, pre and post-event set up

New Image Homeless Shelter, Long Beach, CA

Office Assistant Volunteer
Fall 2011
. Inserted over 1000 homeless survey applications into the New
Image Homeless Shelter database.
. Filed, dated, and arranged applications and other important paper
work.

Additional Experience:
Child Care Provider, Long Beach, 2010-2014
Hostess, Belmont Brewing Company, Long Beach, CA, Spring &
Summer 2012
Volunteer, Camp Ronald McDonald, Long Beach, CA, Summer 2011
Sales Associate, Nordstrom, Escondido, CA, Summer 2010
Contact this candidate