JIM HILCHEY
Cell: 416-***-**** acn1an@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/jimhilchey Oakville, Ontario

PROFILE
A seasoned IT professional with extensive experience in software design and development including the
management of multiple-disciplined teams in a web-based software development environment. Proven
ability to conceptualize, architect and manage teams to develop highly -integrated enterprise technology
solutions and shrink-wrapped software solutions. A unique blend of cross -platform, cross-technology
experience with strong personal interaction skills.

KEY ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Created and delivered presentations to executives on new concepts for highly technical solutions that
resulted in “buy-in” for 3 multi-million dollar projects on time and within budget
Performed full cycle project deliverables ranging from development, high -level architecture of solutions,
facilitating collaboration with other teams, creating new concepts for process improvement and
implementing solutions
IT Lead for multiple process management teams, including but not limited to SDLC, Change Control,
and Compliance Testing

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

REDWOOD MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES INC. 2014 - Present
Management Consultant
Offered a wide range of custom Information Technology solutions. Provided business consulting focusing
on Retail, Inventory and Warehouse Management optimization.

Leveraged partnership with industry expertise in creating solutions for Inventory Management to
optimize the bottom line in regards to inventory turns
Developed .NET MVC Web and Windows solutions for cross -platform integrated reporting
Utilized the creation of industry standard tool -sets for installation and automated update packages

AIMIA 2010 - 2014
Director, Information Technology
Managed up to 2 teams totalling 12 personnel with accountability for providing technical solutions.
Responsible for streamlining processes, improving reporting capabilities and supporting the business
offerings of the Enhancement Services line of business. Hands-on architecture and troubleshooting.

Acted as technical leader in providing complex web-based and Windows solutions for marketing
Introduced new multi-tiered Application Support and Costing models to help with pricing
Managed solution improvements required to be able to deliver world -wide SaaS solutions
Led integrations with cloud-based technologies like Salesforce, Zuora and Azure
Led various efforts such as the implementation of the Technical Support Group for Agile and CAB for
Change Management
Provided technical leadership for obtaining PCI compliance for one of the business verticals
o IT Lead for PCI Compliance project in 2011. Maintained compliance for 3 years.
o Managed the set-up, documentation and running of Change Management for Aimia (Ontario Region)

MAPLE LEAF FOODS INC. 2002 - 2010
Manager, e-Business / Solutions Architect, Systems Strategy
Built and developed a team of web developers, analysts and creative resources. Top -graded and matured
the processes with SDLC and the Agile model. Acted as a strategic technical expert enabling systems
integration and compatibility across multiple platforms. Envisioned and defined viable implementation
solutions and articulated to and secured approval from senior management.

Page 1 of 2
IT Management Consultant Jim Hilchey

Published systems strategies, standards, and system road -maps to aid in creating the road-map for the
new ERP and supporting systems
Produced high-level architecture documents for system solutions that spanned multiple platforms and
involved IS Teams from multiple disciplines
o DNA Traceability: Tracing blood / meat samples back to the sow and barn
High profile with press releases of president (Michael McCain) and business partners
http://investor.mapleleaf.ca/phoenix.zhtml?c=88490&p=irol-newsArticle&ID=547938&highlight=
Worked with geneticists from Canada and the US for business intelligence
Managed the project which leveraged combined .NET and IBM technology stacks
Resulted in a successful launch & white paper in School of Biological Sciences
o Identity Management (IDM): Personnel On-boarding and Provisioning
Pitched the vision to senior level executives until finally landing on a format that was clear
Idea was to auto-provision on-boarding and retiring of personnel and all assets involved from
Active Directory / Exchange access, key fobs to computer equipment
Resulted in a successful launch with a full workflow replacing an attempted SAML solution
The solution still runs today unattended and manages around 26,000 personnel
Introduced new practices that substantially increased the maturity model in the team. This allowed
them to perform at enterprise levels, leveraging many competencies including SOA.

BLACKGOLD SYSTEMS GROUP INC. 1989 - 2002
Consultant
Delivered custom services and software to multiple clients in the GTA from systems analysis & design to
the writing of technical manuals. Systems included multiple ERP systems as well as custom solutions
bridging different platforms and infrastructures. Also created custom “shrink -wrapped” commercial
software for the iSeries that could be installed from the Internet.

Clients include the following:
Maple Leaf Foods Nutech Systems Boehringer Ingelheim Indal Computer Services
Panasonic Canadian Tire Acceptance Canadian Tire Corp York County Hospital
Revlon Coseco Insurance McDonald's Legislative Assembly of Ontario

RECOGNITION & AWARDS (Partial List)
Maple Leaf Consumer Foods Annual Awards winner for “Innovation”
Maple Leaf Corporate Annual Award Nomination for "Daring to Be Transparent"
Multiple awards for "Being Performance Driven" and "Having a Bias for Action" (Maple Leaf)

TECHNICAL SKILLS & ENVIRONMENTS
Operating Systems & Middleware
Microsoft .NET Frameworks 1.0 - 4.5 • IIS 6.0 – 7.5 • JBOSS • SQL Server 2000 – 2008 • Microsoft SOAP
Toolkit 3.0 • Sat/Cell/GPS technology • DB2/400 • IBM iSeries Access for Windows • Windows
NT/XP/2000/2003/7/8 • WebSphere 3.5 • DOS 6.0

Software
Visio for Enterprise Architects • Microsoft Project 2010 • Microsoft Office 2010 Pro • Visual Studio 2005 -
2012 • ASP • JBOSS • Sat/Cell/GPS technology • Delphi/4 • System Architect • WordPerfect 5.1

Languages
Visual Basic • Visual Basic for Applications • VBScript • JavaScript • RPG/400/ILE/CGI • CLP • Delphi/4

EDUCATION & PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
IT Chapter ITIL Foundations Certification 2013
Richard Ivey School of Business Foundations Leadership Program 2007
Richard Ivey School of Business Situational Leadership II 2006
Maple Leaf Foods Six Sigma Voice of the Customer Training 2006
ProjectWorld / BAWorld (W4-216) Enterprise Project Management 2005

Page 2 of 2
Contact this candidate