Swati Gautam
Mobile: +91-882******* E-Mail: acq8my@r.postjobfree.com

EXECUTIVE SYNOPSIS

MCA with over 3 years of experience in Data Analytics and Technical Auditing.
Presently associated as Consultant with Ernst & Young, Gurgaon.
Proficient in writing scripts in ACL and SQL.
Conversant with various Automated Testing tools like ACL, GAT, AMS (EY Tools).
Knowledge of Database concepts and MS Office.
Basic Knowledge of SAS, Tableau and Spotfire.
An effective communicator with strong analytical, decision making, problem solving & organizational abilities.

ORGANISATIONAL EXPERIENCE

November 2011 – with Ernst & Young, Gurgaon

Worked as an Intern for 6 months with Ernst & Young, in the field of Data Analytics.
Joined Ernst & Young as an Analyst on May 2012 at Gurgaon office.
Consultant with Advisory Services practice focusing on the Information Technology Risk and Advisory Services (ITRA).
Analysing, researching, validating exposure data based on the initial observations and the results obtained after reconciliation of data.
Study/ trend analysis of the data to assist the critical decision making process.
Played pivotal role in timely transition & completion of all the reports by proactively judging and handling various hindering issues.
Define the process in the Document structure with final report documentation.
Review work and documentation before sending final deliverables to client.
Regularly identifying and preparing best practices for existing process.
Data read-in, manipulation and conversion using Audit Command Language (ACL).
Data analysis, profiling and querying.
Providing on job training to new and loan resources to build team providing high quality deliverables.
Application development and automation (using VBA, Excel, Access)
Worked on GAT (Global Analytics Tool) and AMS (Analytics Management System Tool) (EY Tools)
Knowledge of SAS and Spotfire.

ACHIEVEMNETS
Rockers: A Team Award for Outstanding Performance in Market, Leadership and Growth.
Feather in the Cap for Outstanding performance in multiple engagements
Super Star for Outstanding performance in multiple engagements
Golden Beam Award for living values.
Culture Coin for some big engagements.
Extra Miler Award for Performance Excellence

EDUCATION CREDENTIALS

MCA (Master of Computer Applications) R.C.C.V College, Ghaziabad (UPTU) 2007-10
B.Sc (Mathematics, Physics, CS) CCS University, Meerut 2004-07
Intermediate Holy Angels Convent School, Muzaffarnagar 2004
High School Kendriya Vidyalaya, Muzaffaranagar 2002

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Proficient in writing scripts in ACL
Working knowledge of MS Office, SQL
Basics of SAS, Spotfire, C/C++.

PERSONEL DOSSIER
DOB : 26th September, 1986
Father’s Name : Mr. Ajesh Kumar
Contact : +91-882*******
Email : acq8my@r.postjobfree.com
Nationality : Indian
Gender: Female
Marital Status : Single
Languages : Hindi & English

ANNEXURE OF PROJECTS

Title – ASPIS EATING CORNER (The Café Controller) -
(Mini Project 4th Semester)

Project details
This project dealt with the daily transactions & provided the different types of reports of purchasing and selling items. This project provided required facilities to save a new record, modify an existing record etc. It also provided the security features using the user and login facility. My responsibilities included coding and documentation.

Team size: 2 Members
Environment: Windows 98, Windows 2000, Windows XP
Database: Microsoft Access 2003
Responsibilities: Documentation

Industrial Training (Last (6th) Semester)

Four months project training as a programmer on ‘SERVER MANAGEMENT SYSTEM’ at Religare Industries, New Delhi.

Project details
The system was an in-house development of Religare. It was an online system allocation to servers to entertain online server requests - availability of warranty details and alerts regarding expiry date of licenses and server warranty through E-mail services.

Environment: Windows 2000 Professional, Windows XP
Language: ASP.Net, VB.Net
Database: SQL Server 2005
Responsibility: Coding

DECLARATION

I hereby declare that the information stated above is correct up to the best of my knowledge.

Place :

Date: Swati Gautam
Contact this candidate