SRIKANTH KONDA
917-***-**** acrsew@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY
A highly adaptable IT Specialist with more than 6 and half years of total Software Development experience, have strong programming skills in ASP.NET 2.0, C#, SQL Server, X++, SSRS, MS Dynamics AX 2012 / 2012 R2 to develop object oriented web-based and client server applications with multi-tier architecture.
With 4.6+ years of extensive experience in ERP development, customizing, designing, and support using X++ in MorphX IDE of Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012 (Axapta) and having very good understanding of Financial, Accounts Payable (AR), Accounts Receivable (AR), General Ledger (GL), Trade & Logistics (T&L) Modules.
Extensive experience in Forms Personalization and Customization, Reports, Workflow, Dynamics AX 2012 R2 Installation, AX Design Patterns, AOT - Tables, Extended Data Types, Base Enums, Methods, Classes, Maps, Views, Query Relations.
Experience in creating Factboxes on Listpages like Sales Order, Purchase Order.
Expertize in creating Custom Lookups by using X++.
Created several SSRS reports using Visual Studio 2010 & AX 2012 R2 (i.e. Parametrized reports, Click through reports, Drill down reports, Drill through reports, RDP (Report Data Provider) reports and using report builder.
Working Experience on various AX modules like General Ledger (GL), Accounts Receivable (AR), Accounts Payable (AP), Trade & Logistics (T&L), Cash and Bank Management.
Good knowledge on AX Layered Architecture and deployment procedures using Microsoft Dynamics AX Management Shell commands to export/add model .axmodel files and modelstore .axmodelstore.
Good knowledge in Data Migration using Data Import/Export, Workflows, Runbase Framework and SysOperation Framework in AX 2012.
Good Functional Knowledge on AX 2012 Verticals.
Good exposure on Technical Design Documentation (TDD) using SureStep Methodology, Use Case Documents and Best Practices in X++ coding.
Good Understanding of all the phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) such as analyzing, designing, coding, testing and documentation of software products.
Has the ability to understand and transform business requirements into software, ensuring applications are delivered on time, to specification, are scalable, performance optimized and maintainable.
A highly motivated programmer who is always looking out to learn new technologies, able to work in tight schedules, and who can communicate effectively with technical peers as well as business clients and users.
A quiet achiever, calm and focused highly motivated and enthusiastic developer. Able to use own initiative and work as part of a team under pressure to meet deadlines and objectives. Excellent communication and organizational skills, a strong work ethic and determination to succeed. Enthusiastic learner, eager to meet new challengers and get ahead in the IT industry.

EDUCATION

Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological university

KEY SKILLS

ERP – Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012, AX 2012 Feature pack, AX 2012 R1 and AX 2012 R2.
Core Programming Languages & .NET Technologies – C#.Net, X++
RDBMS – SQL Server 2008, MS-SQL/T-SQL
IDE Tools – MorphX Development Suite, IntelliMorph, Visual Studio 2005 to 2013
Version Control – Team Foundation Server (TFS), Visual Source Safe (VSS)
Development Methodologies & Documenting – Sure Step Methodology
Reporting Tools – SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services).

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Client: John Deere Landscapes, Alpharetta, Georgia Feb ’12 – Apr 2015
Role: X++, Dynamics AX 2012 Developer
Environment: Windows Server 2012 R2, Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012 R1/2012 R2, AX Financials – AR/AP/GL, Visual Studio.Net 2010, Team Foundation Server (TFS), X++, SQL Server 2010, T-SQL, SSRS etc.
Responsibilities:
Successfully designed, developed and delivered financial features using X++ in MorphX IE while customizing Finance – GL/AR/AP, Modules of Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012
Involved in Financial dimension Form of AX 2012 in General Ledger(GL) Module.
Involved in Creating Jobs for Workflow in AX 2012 General Ledger(GL) Module for the JDL Team.
Analysis of Technical flow to understand the business logic involved behind specific business processes like Ledger Journals, Payment Proposals, Vendor Payment Journals, etc.
Involved in the design, development and customizations of Forms/ Factboxes in the MorphX IDE using X++ according to the Functional Design Document (FDD).
Implemented SSRS reports using Visual Studio 2010 & AX 2012 R2 (i.e. Parametrized reports, Click through reports, Drill down reports, Drill through reports)
Developed new objects and customized existing Classes, Queries, Jobs, Forms, WebForms and Reports under AOT to achieve the Custom Functionality.
Migrated data from different databases and files by creating batch jobs using X++, added document handling notes to identify the records inserted or updated to help the end user.
Involved in customization of the Forms in Accounts Receivable (AR) and Accounts Payable (AP) Modules.
Involved in setting up the AX 2012 Accounts Payables (AP), Accounts Receivables (AR), General Ledger (GL) and Inventory module.
Resolving X++ coding bugs reported while testing the application and updating the code in Team Foundation Server (TFS) version control.
Hands-on troubleshooting experience with Dynamics AX Monitoring Tools, X++ Editor / Debugger, Infolog, Code Profiler Tool and Visual Studio Debugger.
Understanding Functional design document (FDD) and writing Technical design documents (TDD) to help the end user.

Client: Ebanista, New York, NY. April ’14 - July ‘14
Role: Dynamics AX 2012 Technical Consultant/Developer – (T&L – Trade & Logistics)
Environment: Windows Server 2012 R2, Dynamics AX 2012 R2, Dynamics AX AOT – SSRS Reports, Methods, Forms, Classes, Enums, Extended Data Types, Data Data Import/Export Framework, Team Foundation Server (TFS), X++, MorphX, SQL Server, T-SQL
Responsibilities:
Development tasks: Modified Standard AX Tables, Methods, and Extended Data Types & Base Enums. Created new AX Tables, Methods, and Extended Data Types & Base Enums.
Involved in Data Migrations into AX using Data Import/Export Framework Implemented and designed Reports in SSRS/VS2010, using Report Data Provider (RDP), and Controller Classes and Batch Processing (SysOperation Framework) for scheduling and distribution of reports: Purchase Order (PO), Customer Statements, Sales Order (SO) Shipping/Packing Slips and Vendor PO Open/History.
Worked with TFS in development environment. Moved X++ code from Development to Testing to Production environment.
Created Job for Automatic update of all the Sales orders on the Item set in Trade agreements.
Periodic generation of CSV files with Transactions details.
Involved in X++ programming in MorphX Integrated Development Environment (IDE).
Involved in interactions with the client with respect to Sales Orders must be tracked. Requirement is to update Purchase, Sales and Inventory prices.
Involved in troubleshooting the X++ code with Dynamics AX X++ Editor, Debugger, Infolog, and Visual Studio Debugger.
Participated in group activities and meetings for the AX go-live
Followed Sure Step Implementation Methodology throughout the Implementation.

Client: Saxco, - Concord,California Nov ’13 - Mar ‘14
Role: X++ Developer, Dynamics AX 2012 Technical Consultant/Developer - AX
(T&L – Trade & Logistics) and Finance
Environment : Windows Server 2012 R2, Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012 R1/ 2012 R2, X++, SSRS, Team Foundation Server (TFS), SQL Server 2008 R2, T-SQL
Responsibilities:
Involved in the Installation and Configuration of AX 2012 Test Environment.
Designing of new Forms, Tables, Reports, Jobs and other AOT Objects suiting the technical requirements as per the FDD (Functional Design Document).
Generating Financial Journals Posting and Invoicing Reports using SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services). Also configured batch process to run at regular intervals.
Configured automated e-mail notifications for the XML integration related status alerts in AX 2012.
Gathering the inputs from Functional Consultants/Business Analysts and coding using X++ in MorphX IDE of Dynamics AX 2012.
Migrated data from SQL Server Database and by creating Batch Jobs using X++, added Document handling notes to identify the records inserted or updated to help the end user.
Developed Stored Procedures, Functions using SQL and T-SQL in SQL Server 2008 R2 /2012 for fetching data and binding.
Developed Customized SSRS reports using Visual Studio 2010 & AX 2012 (i.e. Parametrized reports, Click through reports, Drill down reports, Drill through reports)
Providing post implementation support and bug fixes.

Client: Clever Devices, New York Dec ’12 - Sep ‘13
Role: X++ Developer, Dynamics AX 2009 Technical Consultant/Developer - AX
(T&L – Trade & Logistics)
Environment : Windows Server 2012 R2, Microsoft Dynamics AX 2009, X++, SSRS, Team Foundation Server (TFS), SQL Server 2008 R2, T-SQL
Responsibilities:
Attending meetings with Client and Business Consultants to get the requirements.
Preparing the TTD for the requirements.
Unit Testing.
Built code in X++.
Setup and implementation of AX2009 in General Ledger.
Developed Forms, create and modify custom reports as per technical specs and functional specifications in AX 2009.
Estimation/Design/Implementation/Testing the functionality for the development.
Deploying the changes from DEV to Test and Test to LIVE.
Support after Go Live.

Client: Sekisui, New jersey. Sep ’12 - Dec ‘12
Role: X++ Developer, Dynamics AX 2012 R1 Technical Consultant/Developer - AX
(T&L – Trade & Logistics)
Environment : Windows Server 2012 R2, Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012 R1, X++, SSRS, Team Foundation Server (TFS), SQL Server 2008 R2, T-SQL
Responsibilities:
Worked in requirements gathering from users, Scoping existing system and Preparing functional & technical design
Extensively worked on different phases of testing activities such as Performance testing & UAT.
Handled pre & post cutover activities such as data migration, user training, deployment and warranty support.
Provided Production support for all implemented modules in the project.
Hands-on experience in migration from MS Dynamics AX 2009 to AX 2012.
Worked on AX & SQL Performance tuning activities
Prepared user manuals and trained end users.
Migrated AX reports into SSRS.
Knowledge on AX Installation on Server and Client Machines.

Client: Mirolin, -Toronto,Canada Jan ’12 - Sep ‘12

Role: X++ Developer, Dynamics AX 2012 Technical Consultant/Developer - AX
Financials – AR/AP/GL
Environment : Windows Server 2012 R2, Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012 / 2012 R2, X++, SSRS, Team Foundation Server (TFS), SQL Server 2008 R2, T-SQL
Responsibilities:
This is the ERP implementation project - Maintenance System of The Mirolin Finance module, which involved in modifying forms, creating reports, classes, queries and data dictionary objects for Finance and Project modules of Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012 ERP.
Extensively worked on MS Dynamics AX modules like Sales and Marketing, Procurement and sourcing, Inventory Management and AOT objects.
Installation & Configuration & production deployment activities.
Developed Custom Maintenance module to handle customer logistics operations.
Building new process using X++ in SSRS report development.
Expertise in Customization, Implementation and Production Support of all AX 2012 modules.
Worked on creating and configuration of Security in AX 2012.
Developed custom functionality to configure SSRS Reports dynamically.

Client: Avon Cosmetics pvt ltd. - Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia Oct ’11 - Jan ‘12
Role: X++ Developer, Dynamics AX 3.0, 4.0 Technical Consultant/Developer - AX
Trade and Logistics and Custom new module.
Environment : Microsoft Dynamics AX 3.0, 4.0, 2009 X++, AX Reports, SQL Server 2005 T-SQL.
Description:
Production support for different markets using different versions of AX by identifying and fixing the bugs in forms and AX reports, customizing the forms depending on the Business requirement provided by client. The support is provided 24/5 and the tickets from the customer have to be addressed and solution is provided with quick response.

Responsibilities:
Resolved both AX functional and technical tickets that were assigned accordingly in timely manner.
Provide AX technical and functional support for clients.
Received support tickets via email and fixed escalated issues.
Provided AX support for modules: Trade and Logistics.

Client: Samro, - Cape town, South Africa Jan ’11 - Oct ‘11
Role: X++ Developer, Dynamics AX 4.0 Technical Consultant/Developer - AX
Legacy Data Migration

Description: Southern African music rights organisation NPC(SAMRO) is a leading copyright administration business dealing with the administration of music composers and authors performing rights.

The objective of this project was mainly Data migration from legacy data into the Dynamics Axapta 4.0.
Created new classes for mapping the fields from staging tables to the tables in the AX, which reads data from the staging tables into AX tables and ultimately showing them on form. Objects like new tables and Classes have been created.
Responsibilities:
Performed code clean-up of errors. Perform code moves, data migration, data cleansing, extract data and import data into new environment.
Data migration from Legacy System into AX.
Provided mappings, map source data fields to target fields (AX entity fields)
Analysing the standard Microsoft tables and classes for data mapping of staging tables with the tables in AX.
Creating the new classes which contain business logic for mapping the tables.
Creating new forms based on the data from the newly created and existing tables.
Create new Tables and Classes extensively.

Client: Business to Business Portal Inhouse, Banglore. Sep ’10 - Jan ‘11
Role: C#.Net Developer
Environment: VS2005, .Net Framework 2.0, ASP.NET 2.0, C#.Net SQL Server 2000

Responsibilities:
As a team member responsible for designing screens, coding.
Designing and executing Unit tests.
Database programming like stored procedures, views in SQL Server

Client: InterSoft KK Pvt Ltd, Banglore. Nov ’08 – July ‘10
Role: C#.Net Developer
Environment: VS2005, .Net Framework 2.0, ASP.NET 2.0, C#.Net SQL Server 2000

Responsibilities:
As a team member responsible for designing screens, coding.
Designing and executing Unit tests.
Database programming like stored procedures, views in SQL Server
Contact this candidate