Vishal Arora
*, *** ***** ********, ********, ON, L7A1V8
416-***-**** acsf96@r.postjobfree.com

OVERVEW

Over 10 years of development experience in .NET framework using ASP.NET, C#, ADO.NET, JavaScript, CSS, SQL Server, TSQL, WCF, SSIS, HTML5, JQUERY, BOOTSTRAP.
Proven ability to find solutions, strong analytical skills - works quickly with attention to detail.
Fourteen years experience as a Web developer with expertise in front end development & RDBMS design and programming skills.
Diverse experience in project environments, more than 30 projects completed.
Experience in the development of n-tier applications and web services.
Demonstrated abilities to conceptualize, document, design, develop and support software solutions, Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) & agile methodologies (SCRUM).
Experience in promoting and enforcing coding standards in development teams.
Successfully handling resource allocations and performing timely code reviews with excellent debugging skills.
Extensive and successful management record with respect to testing engagements in Manual, Functional, Integration Testing, UAT, Test Management. Expertise in white-box testing and rigorous DB testing.
Have strong exposure delivering software services for few of fortune 500 organizations that include Transportation & Logistics (2 years), Airlines (4 years), Healthcare (4 years), Banking & Insurance (3 years) and Retail (2 years) sector.
Experience in Application Support Management through Study & Analysis of Problem Tickets/Change requests, Impact Analysis and Specification corrections (if necessary), Change Finalization and Design, Change Management and Testing, Configuration Management and Patch/Update Release.
Contributed to organizational effectiveness by delivering projects on time and within budget.
Expertise in Technical Consulting & Project Management using TFS and JIRA, execution, resource balancing skills, proven ability to direct quality programs to improve overall project with hands on coding.
Certified Scrum Master executed projects for 5+ years in geographically distributed environment following all scrum ceremonies with effective facilitation techniques.
Have 7+ years of progressive project management experience managing multi-discipline teams to provide solutions that enhance and improve IT service delivery in Application development, Testing, Enhancement and Migration projects with varied complexities.
Strong sense of ownership, urgency and drive in delivering project results under tight timelines while balancing client expectations and team motivation

EDUCATION
Masters of Business Administration (M.B.A.) – Institute of Management & Technology, India
Master of Computer Applications (M.C.A.) – Maharishi Dayanand University, India
Bachelors of Computers Science (B.Sc.) – Delhi University, India

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Languages, tools and frameworks: Visual Studio 2003, -2005, -2008, -2010, .NET Framework 1.1, 2.0, 3.5, 4.0 , ASP.NET 2.0, 3.5, 4.0, ADO.NET, C#, HTML/HTML5, JavaScript, JQUERY, CSS, XML, JSON, Web Sockets, BOOTSTRAP, RDBMS, TSQL, ODBC, Visual Studio v.6, ASP, Visual Basic 6.0, Crystal Reports, VBA (MS Word, MS Excel), ASP.NET MVC, DevExpress controls, WCF.
Databases: SQL Server 2000, -2005, -2008(R2), Oracle 10g, MS Query Analyzer, MS Enterprise Manager, DTS, MS Access 2000, MYSQL.
DB access: ADO.NET 2.0(3.5, 4.0), OLE DB, LINQ, SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS)
Config tools: Rational Clear Case and Clear Quest, Star Team, VSS, CVS, SVN, TFS, JIRA
Methodologies: SCRUM, Agile development, Test driven development, Microsoft Project Server 2010
MS Office, MS Visio, MS Project, Rational Rose, Rational Requisite Pro, TOAD

EMPLOYMENT
HBSS Online, Boston, US/IN (Apr. 2014 – Sep. 2015)
Sr. Product Consultant (Mobility):

Completed development of two integration web projects, upgraded three web projects, supported in production three other projects. This position required development of complex backend, application workflow, data migrations from SQL Server and Oracle to MYSQL. Some projects required frontend work including jQuery. I worked close with Architect and BA.
Web application with complex frontend which includes jQuery, multiple User Controls. (ASP.NET, C#4.0, MS Enterprise Library 4.0, jQuery, NuGet 2.2, SQL Server 2008, TFS (project repository and deployment), NUnit.
Web applications involving socket programming using NuGet packages with scalability to mobile/tab interfaces using HTML5, CSS3, BOOTSTRAP, JQUERY, JavaScript, Web Sockets, C#, JIRA, My SQL, Scrum, Payment gateway integration with PayPal.
Migrating legacy applications built in Oracle forms into the latest .NET web applications using C#, ASP.NET, MVC, DevExpress controls with SQL Server and Oracle as databases.

Aneja Business Group, Chandigarh, IN (Dec. 2012 – Mar. 2014)
Technical Consultant (Operations)

Led team of 7 for in-house development of training management system.
Directed the activities of multiple operations and training professionals (including external vendors) in the design, implementation and evaluation of training programs to increase leadership and work skills.
Responsible for assessing training needs, and designing and delivering training solutions that produced measurable results to the employees and organization.
Legacy applications built in ASP, VB, COM/DCOM being upgraded to .NET web applications along with databases migration from SQL to SQL 2008 and MySQL.

BCS Technology, Gurgaon, IN (Oct. 2009 – Nov. 2012)
Technical Consulting Manager

Successfully delivering development projects and Single Point of Contact (SPOC) managing production support in parallel for multiple airlines clients’ viz. AirAsia, Jazeera Airways, Cebu Pacific Air and Indigo.
Strong sense of ownership, urgency and drive in delivering project results under tight timelines while balancing client expectations and team motivation
Led development of Vouchers Management System project. Provided input on architecture, design, development and implementation. Coordinated a group of developers and DBA, worked close with business analyst. Worked in Agile Software Development methodology environment. Participated in seminars with potential end-users to get current processes and policies in the industry. (Technology used: ASP.NET, MVC, C#, SQL Server 2008, SSRS, WCF, LINQ, Payment Gateway Integration, MS Project Server 2010 and MS Project).
Vouchers Management System was such a hit with AirAsia that they recommended Cebu Pacific to implement which was done within 6 months with all sorts of customizations on client side biz rules and server side SkySales rule engine.
Met deadlines in time-critical Navitaire NewSkies Upgrade & SkySales project. The SkySales project aims to migrate the JetStar’s commercial CMS website (www.jetstar.com) from the previous Sky-Lights (Perl-CGI) platform to the new SkySales (.Net) platform.
Significantly improved technological standardization and exchange of knowledge within developer’s team by creating manuals listed most of framework technologies/tools/solutions
Organized training sessions for new developers. Actively participated in meetings to discuss optimal project management policy for Software Development department.

Infosys Technologies Ltd, IN (Oct 2007. – Apr 2009)
Programmer Analyst

NextGen is wealth management desktop application being used by Citi financial advisors for Citi Group, USA. Citi FAPE program aims at transitioning the current desktop application to web. The objective of this project was to develop a comprehensive set of documentation that represents the current state of the NextGen application. Documentation will capture business logic and will act with the wireframes, prototype for the transition of NextGen from ASP, VB to .NET web technologies.

Satyam Computer Services Ltd, Hyderabad, IN (Aug. 2006 – Oct 2007)
Systems Analyst

Hyperion Planning Custom Solution (HPCS) for GSK, London is a web based application to manage and manipulate the headcount information of Regular, Contingent employees as well as IT Contracts.
This application is primarily used for business forecasting and budgeting to cater to financial and operational needs. Hyperion Planning (HP), which is the base application for Hyperion Planning Custom Solution is used by the Managers of finance department and is developed using Java / J2EE. HPCS which is an additional web interface to the existing HP product and is developed using Microsoft .Net Technology stack which includes ASP.NET, C# & Oracle.

Tech Mahindra Ltd, Pune, IN (Jan. – Jul 2006)
Technical Associate

Supporting day to day production for internal Billing Software.
Investigating and Resolving External / Internal tickets, Job Failures and Monitoring Escalation from Application

Hewlett Packard Global Soft Ltd, Bangalore, IN (May. 2005 – Jan 2006)
Software Designer

MIGRATIE APPLICATIE PENSIOENBEDRIJF (PGGM [MAP R2.1/3.X]) is responsible for the financial future of over 1.8 million people and their families. MAP application is built as a multi-tiered distributed application with side by side integration with the legacy application included. MAP architecture is involves latest technologies like Object Relation Mapping at the Data Access Layer, Business Rule Engine at the Business Domain layer and Dynamic Discovery Pattern at the Business Interaction layer.
MAP is a state of art Dot net solution build from ground up for PGGM, a pension provider company in Holland using C#, Visual Studio.Net 2003, NUnit, BOB Administration Tool (BOBAT), FxCop Rules & SQL Server 2000. MAP replaces a current mainframe application in over 20 iterations.

Solutions Info Systems Pvt. Ltd, New Delhi, IN (Aug. 2001 – May 2005)
Software Engineer

Developed 6 web based applications for Pfizer, US using ASP.NET, C#/VB.NET, JavaScript & SQL Server as a software developer. Also involved in requirement analysis and database design.
Some of the applications built are as follows –
oOPP 2006 application will help Pfizer colleagues plan their operating plan process for the coming year. This application will allow the marketers within Pfizer to plan their sales and budgeting strategies for individual products for the forthcoming year.
oPfizer Image Collection Source (PICS) is a source for images of employees and logos belonging to Pfizer. The application provides facility of creating albums and adding/removing employees from the album. It also provides facility of customizing the album display and use customized search.
oStrategic Planning Pathway (SPP) is an information-gathering tool for various Pfizer products. This is used by Pfizer to assign the budget for each product for coming financial year and it will be an iterative process. System also generates various reports where information can be compared for two or more products.
oOnline Document Management System (DMS) provides a user friendly, Explorer like interface to the users to search the documents that they want. Here the organization can define Document Templates for special types of documents that they have within their organization. The Documents can be classified into Multi-level hierarchies. Users can be given selective rights to view / Update / delete the documents from the Library. Documents can be searched on basis of Keywords. Documents can be "linked" to show related documents.
oActivity Management System (AMS) - automated their task being done on web at different levels separately which can be time consuming to fast and in bulk by generating a word document of existing web interface at any level and then reading the word document to import data into database using HTML, ASP, Java Script, and Microsoft Word Objects (automation), SQL Server 7.0, COM/DCOM, VB.
oSURVEILLANCE PROJECT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM (SPMS) is a software package that takes care of basic accounting, budgeting and Activity Tracking of various units in India as well as the central unit in New Delhi using classic ASP, VB, COM/DCOM, JavaScript, HTML/DHTML & Crystal Reports. It can be accessed from http://www.spmsconnect.org.

REFERENCES: Available upon request
Contact this candidate