Scott Nierenhausen
Kansas City, MO *****
816-***-****, actln7@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY

PeopleSoft functional and technical analyst with 15+ years experience in HRMS and Financials products.
Extensive experience in application and PeopleTools implementations and upgrades.
Expertise in business process re-engineering, fit-gap analysis, integration, configuration, testing, and report writing.
Talent for full-life cycle development, production support, project management, and proactively identifying and resolving problems to maintain schedules and budgets.

TECHNICAL EXPERTISE

ERP: People HRIS (8.8, 9.1, 9.2) (HR, North American Payroll, Time and Labor, Base Benefits, Benefits Administration) / PeopleSoft Finance (6.1, 7.5, 8.4, 8.9) (PO, IN, GL, AR, AP)
People Tools: 7.46, 7.47, 7.48, 7.49, 8.51, 8.52, 8.54 (PeopleCode, Application Engine, Component Interface, Workflow, File Layout
Platform: MS DOS, Windows, UNIX, SUSE/Red Hat Linux, IBM Mainframe
Report Tools: SQR, PS Query, Crystal Report
RDBMS Oracle 9i/10g/11g, DB2, Access.
Languages: Visual Basic, COBOL (OS390/ZOS/Microfocus), SAS, JCL, CLIST
Tools/Packages: MS Office 2007/2010, SharePont, TOAD, SQL Developer
Operating Systems: Windows, NT/XP/2007, UNIX, TSO/ISPF

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

March 2015 - November 2016 UMB Financial Corporation - Kansas City, MO
Consultant/Upgrade Project Manager

Led a project team of cross-discipline resources to upgrade PeopleSoft HRMS v9.1 to v9.2, and PeopleSoft Portal v9.1 to Interaction Hub (Release 3).
Created project plans, focused team on business objectives and tracked progress to ensure project milestones were completed on time and within budget.
Facilitated daily status meetings with IT project team to review progress, identify obstacles and brainstorm resolutions.
Provided metrics and status reporting to executive and management teams.
Managed a concurrent project to re-platform the existing network of SUSE Linux Web and Application servers to Red Hat Linux servers. Coordinated the purchase and installation of new servers, software and network architecture.
Wrote implementation plan and coordinated enterprise communication plan, training and post implementation defect resolution.

June 2007 - November 2014 Sprint Corporation - Overland Park, KS
Functional Analyst

Completed multiple cross-functional projects (HR, Benefits, Payroll, Time and Labor) following the waterfall SDLC methodology. Modules serviced 30,000 to 40,000 employees.
Provided 24X7 Tier 2 production support for above modules, with an emphasis on meeting Service Level Agreements (99% up time) and maintaining data integrity.
Worked with business and other IT groups on business process improvements and performance tuning.
Managed multiple large scale projects including, Time and Labor application upgrade (8.8 to 9.1), multiple People Tools upgrades, Oracle DBMS upgrade (10g to 11g), Benefits Annual Enrollment (2010 and 2011) and implementation of a custom, externally hosted Total Reward Statement.
Functional Lead for Time and Labor module and part of Payroll for North America functional team.
Developed custom PeopleSoft HCM security (row-level security, permission lists, dynamic groups and roles, and Security by Department).
Prepared and presented team quality assurance processes and artifacts for functional specification preparation, requirements traceability, configuration, testing, and managing defects.

July 2004 - May 2007 IBM - Overland Park, KS
Consultant/Technical Team Lead/Functional Analyst

Supervised a team of 5 off-shore developers that provided production support and project development for the PeopleSoft Inventory and Cost Management modules.
Completed multiple cross-functional projects (Inventory, Cost Management, Purchasing) following the waterfall SDLC methodology. Modules serviced 2000 business analysts.
Led the Peoplesoft FSCM upgrade project team (8.4 to 8.9). Orchestrated fit-GAP analysis, customization retro fitting, data conversion mapping, and DBMS conversion from DB2 to Oracle.
Created the upgrade (re-implementation) project plan that merged the Sprint and Nextel Peoplesoft 8.4 FSCM systems into a single instance (v8.9).

February 1998 - June 2004 Sprint Corporation - Overland Park, KS
Developer/Technical Team Lead

Designed, coded, tested processes necessary to convert the multiple legacy general ledger systems to PeopleSoft GL version 6.1.
Participated on implementation team (legacy to v6.1) of the Financials suite (Purchasing, Inventory, General Ledger, Accounts Payable, Project Costing, Accounts Receivable and Billing).
Participated on teams to upgrade the above modules to versions 7.5, 8.4 and 8.9).
Designed and implemented a custom chart field edit process, real time and batch, to increase the accuracy SCM transactional data and increase GL close timings.
Supervised a team of developers to create the summary ledgers, allocation processes, and nVision reports to support market and branch level reporting.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science (BS) Computer Science and Mathematics - University of Central Missouri. Warrensburg, Missouri
Contact this candidate