Hanan Abu Obaid, SHRM
Washington, DC
+*. 310-***-****
acto8y@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/hananabuobaid

Technical Executive Recruitment Consultant Headhunter

Qualifications Profile

Versatile, highly skilled, and strategic professional, offering ten years of experience in 360-degree recruitment process, talent

acquisition, corporate and executive search, consulting, and headhunting, complemented with outstanding ability to establish solid

candidate pool.

Demonstrated strong competency in gathering and analyzing pertinent data to identify market trends and competitors’ performance

toward the development of innovative recruitment solutions. Leveraged excellent skills in searching and selecting potential talents

based on target position. Exemplified effectiveness in building and strengthening customer base through continuous delivery of

first-rate customer service. Thrived at collaborating with key stakeholders to provide recommendation and assistance during critical

decision-making processes. Bilingual.

Areas of Expertise

Due Diligence & Market Mapping Candidate Pitching and Lead Generation Project Management
Business Development Career Coaching Conflict Resolution Performance Management
Employer Branding Workforce Planning Cost-Effective Strategy Development Interview skills Interview Assessments Social

Media recruiting Online Recruiting Virtual Recruiting C-Level, mid-level and junior Recruitment bulk Campaigns Assessment

Centers Technical Recruiting Fast pace environments Tight deadlines
--
Middle East and North African Regions United States
--
Insurance Management Consulting Oil and Gas Power and Water Construction Real Estate Engineering
Consumer Products Information Technology

Professional Experience

Donya Consulting Group (www.donyaconsulting.com) - Arlington, VA
International Recruitment Expert Business Development (Contract Position) Oct 2015–Present

Built a foundation for HR Department, which encompassed HR function and process implementation.
Initiated and supported new business ventures in Human Capital Management opportunities.
Managed and Performed market mapping deliverables for clients across MENA region and South Africa.

Marsh & McLennan Companies (www.me.marsh.com) - Dubai, UAE
Regional Talent Acquisition Lead – Middle East North Africa (MENA) Jun 2014–Feb 2015

Managed the implementation of cost-effective regional talent acquisition strategy and candidate sourcing in various countries,

encompassing Bahrain, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates & Egypt.
Created a passive pipeline of qualified candidates to address existing and upcoming prospective positions within Marsh Middle East

through the following sourcing techniques.
Lead the identification and communication with passive talent through targets direct calls, networking, and establishment of

partnerships with schools, communities, and diversity organizations.
Developed and initiate concept of market mapping by gathering and analyzing market performance of Marsh direct competitors that was

utilized in driving business growth across Middle East offices.

United Eastern Group (www.ueg.ae) - Dubai, UAE
Recruitment/Executive Search Manager Jun 2013–Feb 2014

Performed candidate pitching on new recruitment business leads, identification of new prospects, and delivery of presentation at

board-level leveraging expertise in strategic planning and proposal writing.
Steered lead generation efforts and executed sales follow-up activities to increase sales performance.
Arranged appointments and delivered comprehensive presentation to the client based on identified business needs.
Strengthened customer relationship and loyalty by providing first-rate customer service, and addressing overall meeting all client

and business needs. Played a vital role in growing departmental and organizational revenue by establishing the Executive Search

Division.

Stanton Chase International (www.stantonchase.com) - Dubai, UAE
Executive Research Associate Headhunter (Contract Position) Sep 2011–Mar 2012

Directed and completed two complicated search projects, which involved headhunting candidates from Europe to Kuwait, while placing

for power (combined cycle plant) and water (waste water plant) industries.
Worked collaboratively with local, international, and multinational clients, which included coaching key clients from a management

consulting perspective.
Implemented a headhunting approach, which involved evaluating the industry and key market, performing initial market research,

establishing a target list of companies, determining potential candidates, drafting candidates’ evaluation and weekly assignment

progress reports, and discussing and finalizing job offer.

Emaar Properties (www.emaar.com) - Dubai, UAE
Recruitment Executive Talent Acquisition Specialist Oct 2009–Sep 2011

Aided with the candidate identification and recruitment across all levels of various entities, including participation in various

recruitment job fairs and events.
Reduced usage of recruitment agencies to 80% during my employment while leading internal hiring efforts.
Oversaw full recruitment life cycle, from identification of candidates, screening, interviewing, administering short and long list,

job offering, and onboarding, along with maintenance of database and recruitment portal.
Award winner of Emaar e-learning champion awards two years in row, 2010 and 2011.
Lead the recruitment process and activities of more than 300 valet attendants, HR, and accountants within 11 months.

Al Madar Investment (www.almadar-holding.com) - Dubai, UAE
Recruitment Business Partner HR Officer Apr 2008–Jun 2009

Built and managed HR Department in branch office, which encompassed HR functions, image, and strategy implementation.
Lead the reviewing and modifying employee job descriptions, overseeing staff performance, including assessment and training, key

performance indicator management, and personnel record administration.
Expertly handled the overall talent acquisition processes for both Al Madar Investment and Al Madar Engineering offices, including

selection of recruitment agencies and negotiation of contract terms and conditions.
Provided resolution to disputes, including execution of disciplinary procedures based on company policy and UAE labor law, while

responding with PRO in managing processing visas and labors cards.
Reduced annual recruiting expenses 48.6% by leading in-house recruiting efforts and eliminating the use of external recruiting

agencies.

Continent Advertising (www.continentad.com) - Dubai, UAE
Hiring/HR Officer May 2006–Jan 2007

Offered consultative assistance to hiring manager in the selection of suitable candidates, while performing pre-employment checks

and development of pre-joining strategy.
Sourced and acquired talented candidates, as well as communicated employer brand through many channels.
Online advertisement and automated electronic candidate searches.
End-to-end applicant management for each role, timely review, and short listing of applications.
Execution of preliminary and strengths-based interviews, which involved thorough assessment of candidates to guarantee

appropriateness for the position.

Education

Master’s Degree in Human Resources Strategic Management
University of Wollongong, Northfields Avenue, NSW, Australia

Certificate in Business Management
University of Wollongong, Northfields Avenue, NSW, Australia

Bachelor’s Degree in English Literature and Languages
Yarmouk University, Irbid, Jordan

Technical Acumen

Microsoft Office Suite Taleo PeopleSoft File Finder
Contact this candidate