Sutanuka Roy
Email: acuftd@r.postjobfree.com Mobile +1-847-***-****

Profile Summary

Academically B.Tech in Electronics & Communication Engineering from West Bengal University of Technology, India.
Having 7.5 years of working experience in SAP Business Objects XI R2, R3, 4.0, 4.1, Dashboard, SAP HANA Studio, Infomatica 8 with Teradata 12 in Retail and Insurance domain with onsite experience of direct client interactions.
Currently, I am working in an insurance company using SAP BI 4.1 with HANA and BODS in Zurich in North America, US. Involved in Universe Designing (IDT),Crystal Reports, Dashboard for finance and reinsurance reporting related information.
Career Objective: To excel in my sphere of work and achieve the acme of success through dedication and sincerity.

Professional Experience

Organization
Designation
Duration
Wipro Technologies
Technical Lead
December 2015 – till date
Wipro Technologies
Senior Software Engineer
March 2013 – November 2015
Tata Consultancy Services
Information Technology Analyst
December 2008 – Feb 2013

International Assignments and Mobility:

Worked in close coordination with the client at client location (London, UK) as a SAP BO
Consultant / Designer catering to the needs of the user and providing optimal solutions.
Worked with an Energy Client in Solihull(UK) as a Consultant for their IT solution to integrate in the
existing system and building the reporting solution.
Passport No. - H6979748 valid up to 4th October 2019.
Visa - H1B valid till June 2018.

Detailing my overall experience:

Data warehouse professional with 7.5 years of extensive Information Technology experience in
all phases of Software development life cycle including System Analysis, Design, Data Modeling,
Implementation and Support of various applications in OLTP, Data Warehousing, and OLAP
applications.

Extensive experience in SAP Business Objects 4.0 XI R3.1/ R3/ R2, Designer, Desktop
Intelligence, Web Intelligence Rich Client, Info View, Central Management
Console, Crystal Reports 2013 and SAP HANA.

Good exposure to complex universe designing in, have built 9-10 universes involving
different subject areas in both universe designer and information design tool.

Developed highly complex webi reports covering various functionalities of webi reports.

Specialize in Financial Data, developing complex BO reports with HANA as a source and
performance tuning of the complex financial reports.
Implemented enterprise level security,and done profiling based on different roles in
Business Objects. Have been actively involved in the performance tuning from reports and
universe side, and BO server settings.

Developed complex dashboards using universe as a source,and some external add-ons
in SAP BI4.1

Have been involved in critical BO migration projects wherein migrating deski/webi reports,
converting deski reports and developing deski reports as well. Faced challenges in deski reports
thus leading to building new deski reports as well

Have been involved in data modelling activities with creation of ER diagram etc using Erwin
tool.

Have good knowledge on sql,creating database views for reporting solution and stored
procedures.I have been involved in performance tuning of queries in the database, using
indexes, partitions etc.

Experience in Informatica,created mappings and workflows with Teradata as the data
warehouse. I have used basic Unix commands for running jobs,archiving and error re-
processing.

Exposure to huge volume of transactional data analysis for retail clients. Further
doing ETL activities on it and reporting from it.

Extensive experience interacting with business users for requirements gathering, analyzing
business processes, Leading the JAD sessions

Gathering the requirements, writing Functional and Technical documents, doing POCs and
providing optimum solutions for complex requirements

Excellent team player, interfacing across business and technical groups and ability to work
independently and highly motivated.

Exceptional ability to quickly master new concepts and applications

Skill Set

Databases
SAP HANA,Oracle,IBM DB2, Teradata
ETL tools
Informatica, IBM Datastage, SAP BODS
Reporting tools

SAP Business Objects (4.1,4.0,3.1,3.0,2.0)
SAP HANA Studio
SAP Dashboard Designer
Sap Crystal Reports 2013
Modelling Tool
Erwin
Domain Knowledge
Retail, ENU and Insurance

Professional experience:
Projects
In reverse chronological order

1.
Project Name: EIDM Base Support
Client
Zurich in North America,Schaumburg,USA
Role
Technical Consultant/Lead
Organization
Wipro Technologies-USA
Duration
Dec 2015 to till date

Description:

Zurich Insurance Group (Zurich) is a leading multi-line insurer with more than 55,000 employees worldwide serving customers in global and local markets. In North America, Zurich is a leading commercial property-casualty insurance provider serving small businesses, and mid-sized and large companies, including multinational corporations.

Roles and Responsibilities:
As a SAP BO Tech Lead:

1.Responsible for 24 x 7 environmental support for SAP Business Objects Enterprise Infrastructure.
2.Promote objects (Universes, reports, dashboards, WSDL’s and etc.) between environments with change management procedures (Service Now
3.Thorough knowledge in BOE Repository database and Audit database (SAP Information Steward)
4.Involve in knowledge sharing sessions with the upstream teams.
5.Working on remedy tickets in the SLA timeframe
6.Working in enhancements for any existing crystal reports and dashboards
7.Designing the BO universe for adhoc reporting and canned webi reports. Involved in the security profiling based on the business needs
8.Working in extensive scheduling of publications
9.Working in HANA enhancements in the existing models and admin activities.
10.Working in BODS job changes, execution and monitoring of jobs
11. Co-ordinating with offshore in terms of technicalities and assignment of tasks
12. Co-ordinating with the business users for the UAT and requirements.

Projects
In reverse chronological order

2.
Project Name: NEXUS GINA2 Implementation
Client
RWE GBS Npower,Solihull,UK
Role
Technical Lead
Organization
Wipro Technologies-UK
Duration
Feb 2015 to Nov 2015

Description:

RWE is one of Europe's five leading electricity and gas companies, active in the generation, trading, transmission and supply of electricity and gas.

Roles and Responsibilities:
As a Tech Lead:

1.Preparing the design approach before attending workshops with the business
2.Involve in knowledge sharing sessions with the upstream teams.
3.Transforming the business requirements to Technical requirements for the development team through Design Documents/Data Mapping documents and knowledge sharing sessions. Monitoring and reviewing the same after delivery.
4.Designing the BO universe for adhoc reporting and canned webi reports.
5.Involved in the security profiling based on the business needs
6.Involved in setting up the new BO server.Involved in migrating reports
7. Was involved in converting the report with technical specs
8. Was co-ordinating with offshore in terms of technicalities.
9. Was co-ordinating with the business users for the UAT and clarifications if any
10. Actively involved in the project plan and coordinating it with the team in targeting the deadline.

3.
Project Name: VIMS Development
Client
Nissan Smyrna,USA
Role
SAP BO Tech/Architect
Organization
Wipro Technologies-Kolkata
Duration
May 2014 to Jan 2015

Description:

Nissan is the only automaker that manufactures its own electric vehicle batteries at the largest lithium-ion automotive battery plant in the U.S.

Roles and Responsibilities:
As a SAP BO Tech Lead:
1.Preparing the design documents after attending workshops with the business
2.Involve in knowledge sharing sessions with the upstream teams.
3.Mentoring the new team members
4.Involved in distribution of work and providing status on weekly basis to the client.
5.Conducting sessions, for the Reporting team.
6.Transforming the business requirements to Technical requirements for the development team through Design Documents/Data Mapping documents and knowledge sharing sessions. Monitoring and reviewing the same after delivery.
7.Building pl-sql and sql based views in oracle db for reporting
8.Giving solution for reports and dashboard with GMap plugins. And guiding the team for the development.
9.Getting the requirement for Enterprise level security project for our program developed. It includes object level and row level security. Providing knowledge and Co-ordinating with the offshore team for the security development. It also involves implementing in production and adding users and granting the correct access to the corresponding users before Go- live.
10.Has been actively involved in walkthrough of the reporting solution with the TechM for production support and providing them training on the functionality of our reporting solution.
11.Also actively involved in the project plan and coordinating it with the team in targeting the deadline.

4.
Project Name: BO Up gradation
Client
Alyeska Pipeline Service Company,USA
Role
SAP BO Tech lead
Organization
Wipro Technologies-Bangalore
Duration
Nov 2013 to April 2014
Description:
Alyeska Pipeline Service Company formed in 1970 to design, build, maintain and operate the Trans-Alaska Pipeline System. The pipeline today is recognized as a landmark engineering feat and remains essential to Alaska's economy and central to the state's industry
The project is a migration project from BO XIR2 to BOXI R3.1 .It deals with migrating all the deski reports with macro functionalities, after which it needs to be converted into WebIreports. It involves the bug fixing i: e formatting and functionalities on those reports which are not converted successfully and also developing the reports which are not at all converted. We need to work on the BO universes as well and do the necessary changes in it, which includes changes in the custom queries in reports. The project involves macros to be worked on which are not supported by the WebI.This involves building up schedules for reports, scheduling the report and sending it to business user's inbox based on the data level security. It involves testing the reports and then passing it into UAT.Also the project demands to give production support for the reports which have been migrated. The project involves coordinating with the business users for any clarification and for reports to be signed off. Also it requires dashboards to be built up which is to be presented to the client for the status tracking.

Roles and Responsibilities:
As a SAP BO Tech Lead:
1.Was serving as the SAP BO Technical Lead directing the activities of multiple individuals or groups of team members
2. Was doing the requirement analysis
3. Was involved in designing of reports and publication
4. Was involved in setting up the new BO server
5. Was involved in migrating reports
6. Was involved in converting the deski reports with technical specs
7. Was co-ordinating with offshore in terms of technicalities.
8. Was co-ordinating with the business users for the UAT and clarifications if any
9. Was present in the status meetings with client and offshore

10.Transforming the business requirements to Technical requirements for the development team through Design Documents/Data Mapping documents. Monitoring and reviewing the same.
11.Involve in knowledge sharing sessions
12.Mentoring the new team members
13.Involved in distribution of work.

Awards and Achievements:

Client appreciation mails and reward while working on the offshore assignment since it was the
first offshore-onsite model
Nominated for the best employee and team by the Wipro Vertical and my manger
Made a best practice document for the project repository and uploaded the same on
Wipro Knowledge Repository

5.
Project Name:Trading BO Migration
Client
Shell, Netherlands
Role
SAP BO Architect/Tech lead
Organization
Wipro Technologies-Kolkata
Duration
March 2013 to Nov 2013

Description:
Shell, is a unique joint venture between Royal Dutch Petroleum (60%) and "Shell" Transport and Trading (40%), generates sales mainly from oil products, manufactures chemicals, transports natural gas, trades gas and electricity, and develops renewable energy sources. It operates more than 46,000 gas stations worldwide. Most of the oil giant's crude is produced in Nigeria, Oman, the UK, and the US. Shell is world's No.3 oil and gas group has proved reserves of 9.5 billion barrels of oil and 55.8 trillion cu. ft. of gas.

Shell Information Technology International (SITI) was created to support the Shell Group?s IT requirements worldwide in June 2001. The organisation is designed to support the current and future needs of the Shell Group Businesses through flexibility, simplification of structures and global processes where needed.

Roles and Responsibilities:
As a SAP BO Tech Lead:

1.Transforming the business requirements to Technical requirements for the development team through Design Documents/Data Mapping documents. Monitoring and reviewing the same.
2.Involve in knowledge sharing sessions
3.Was involved in migrating reports
4. Was involved in converting the deski reports with technical specs
5.Mentoring the new team members
6.Involved in distribution of work.

Awards and Achievements:

Recognized for the best employee by the higher management of Wipro

6.
Project Name:Business Foundation Program/Multichannel Foundation Program
Client
Marks and Spencer,UK
Role
SAP BO Consultant/Designer
Organization
Tata Consultancy Services-Kolkata
Duration
January 2011 to Feb 2013

Description:
Marks and Spencer (M&S) is one of the UK’s leading retailers, with over 21 million people visiting their stores each week. M&S offers stylish, high quality, great value clothing and home products as well as outstanding quality food - responsibly sourced from around 2000 suppliers around the world.

Business Foundation Program is a MI reporting solution provided to support M&S to achieve its long term plans. It provides consistent and accurate management information through reporting solution from various sources for Food and GM both across the entire organization and also includes providing solution to Finance, allowing them to make informed decisions and achieve profitablegrowth.

Roles and Responsibilities:
As a SAP BO Team Lead:

1.Preparing the design documents after attending workshops with the business
2.Transforming the business requirements to Technical requirements for the development team through Design Documents/Data Mapping documents and knowledge sharing sessions. Monitoring and reviewing the same.
3.Involve in knowledge sharing sessions with the upstream teams.
4.Mentoring the new team members
5.Involved in distribution of work and providing status on weekly basis to the client.
6.Conducting sessions, for the Reporting team.

As a SAP BO Consultant/Designer:

1.Transforming the business requirements to Technical requirements for the development team through Design Documents/Data Mapping documents and knowledge sharing sessions. Monitoring and reviewing the same after delivery.
2.Preparing design documents starting from Source to Different stages in EDW and then to Business Object Universe and final reports. This includes coordinating with Business to understand the Business rules and transforming them to ETL logic/ Business Object Logic through data mapping.
3.Providing support for different phases Integration Testing and User Acceptance testing. Was fully involved in resolving query of business users during the UAT.
4.Involved in managing the implementation of ETL/Database and Business Objects components into various testing environments and to production environments. This involved liaising with Production support teams/ implementation teams and Business.
5.Involved in giving warranty support for the project which include analysis and fixing of sev1 incident and also includes co-ordination with the offshore in building the solution.
6.Involved in performance tuning activities in BO reports and DB2 objects whichinclude working with IBM and SAP experts visiting M&S.
7.Getting the requirement for Enterprise level security project for our program developed. It includes object level and row level security. Providing knowledge and Co-ordinating with the offshore team for the security development. It also involves implementing in production and adding users and granting the correct access to the corresponding users before Go- live.
8.Has been actively involved in walkthrough of the reporting solution with the business users and providing them training on the functionality of our reporting solution.
9.Also actively involved in the project plan and coordinating it with the team in targeting the deadline.

Handled various responsibilities after joining the offshore team in Kolkata:
1.In charge of reviewing the whole program which includes reviewing of the BO design and code.
2.Prepared Value Adds and Best practices documents on Project and SAP BO for publication in the Knowledge sharing Intranet portal of TCS.
3.Provided transition and training to new joiners in the team in onsite and offshore.
4.Providing design and technical related support to the team.
5.Currently, leading a team of 4 members of BO and ETL both which involves technical support/designing and co – ordination with onsite & client.
Awards and Achievements:

Client appreciation mails and reward while working on the onsite assignment.
Team appreciation mails for providing support in critical phase and giving solutions to complex
Issues.
Made a best practice document for the project repository and uploaded the same on
Knowmax (TCS Knowledge Repository)
Have acquired certification in SAP BO WebI3.0 in 2013

As a SAP BO Developer:
1.Analysis of the requirement documents and discussion on the same with onsite coordinator.
2.Estimation of time and effort required for coding based on the complexity.
3.Designing Universe in Business Objects XI R3.1 from the data model and requirement gathered.
4.Developing report using Business Objectsand building mapping document for the metric definitions.
5.Unit testing using HP Quality Centre 9.2.
6.Preparing documentation of the total development work for the support.
7.Doing support activities including bug fixes, enhancements and job monitoring & status report.
8.Causal analysis using Causal Analysis tool to identify causes of defects
9.Maintenance of standard checklists copy for every deliverable in the project.
10.Compliance to TCS IPMS processes in all software delivery activities.
11.Mentoring the new team members and helping them in their deliverables.
12.Taking status report from all the team members and communicating the same at onsite.
13.Conducting sessions, for the Reporting team.

Awards and Achievements:

Appreciation mails by project manager and onsite coordinator.

7.
Project Name:Maintenance & Development
Client
Supervalu Inc,USA
Role
Team Lead (Developer) and Business System Analyst
Organization
Tata Consultancy Services-Pune
Duration
March 2008 to December 2010

Description:

SUPERVALU Inc is a consumer products company having the second largest retail stores in US. The project was intended to find brand image of the company by comparing its range of products with its competitors.
It is a support and maintenance project with Teradata as its database and Informatica as an ETL tool and Oracle as a staging database. Data coming from various source systems are integrated and logically arranged.

Roles and Responsibilities:

1.Analysis of the requirement documents and discussion on the same with onsite coordinator.
2.Estimation of time and effort required for coding based on the complexity.
3.Developing mappings using Informatica and writing Stored procedures in Teradata as well as Oracle based on the specified requirements.
4.Making changes in the previous dependent mappings/stored procedures.
5.Transferring the mappings and workflows from development folder to the deliverable folder.
6.Unit testing using HP Quality Centre 9.2.
7.Preparing documentation of the total development work for the support.
8.Doing support activities including bug fixes, enhancements and job monitoring & status report.
9.Working in a data migration project as well, whereby the whole requirement anddesigning was to be taken care of.
10.Causal analysis using Causal Analysis tool to identify causes of defects
11.Maintenance of standard checklists copy for every deliverable in the project.
12.Compliance to TCS IPMS processes in all software delivery activities.
13.Mentoring the new team members and helping them in their deliverables.
14.Taking status report from all the team members and communicating the same at onsite.
15.Conducting sessions, for the ETL team.

Achievements and Certificates:

Completed SAP Business Objects Web Intelligence 3.0 Certification in Sept,2012
Completed IBM DB2 and Advance SQL Certificates in August,2011
Received recognition for ‘Best Team Member’ and ‘Feather in my Cap’ in consecutive quarter,
for two accounts in Wipro.
Responsibility of the development of the new system replacing the legacy system.
Made a best practice document for the project repository and uploaded the same on
TCS Knowledge Repository, which was critically acclaimed and recognized.
Appreciation mails by client with particular reference to my efforts and dedication on
Completion of assignment.

Educational Qualification

Qualification
Institute
Board/University
Year Of Passing
Percentage Acquired
B.Tech (E&C)
Birbhum Institute Of Engg. and Technology, Suri, Birbhum
West Bengal University Of Technology
(WBUT)
2008

81.2 %

(All information furnished here is true and correct in best of my knowledge) Dated: 20-Apr-16
Contact this candidate