Payel Kar
SAP Technical Consultant
AREAS OF EXPERTISE PERSONAL SUMMARY
SAP CRM
A multi-skilled SAP professional with good all-round Functional and Technical expertise, very capable with an ability to identify and then deal with a client’s needs by translating the same into appropriate technical solutions. Experienced in providing motivation, guidance and an up to date SAP consultancy service to both colleagues/team members and clients. Extensive practical knowledge of SAP ABAP, SAP CRM, ISU Modules, SAP SCM, SAP Middleware-NWGW (Net Weaver Gateway) mainly focused on Energy and Supply chain markets such as AGL Australia and British Gas UK(presently relocated in the UK), now looking for a new and challenging SAP consultancy position, one which will make best use of my existing skills and experience and also enhances my personal and professional skillset. SAP ABAP
SAP NWGW
SAP SCM
Implementing Support
Packages
Client Facing
Business As Usual
Activities
WORK EXPERIENCE
HP Application Lifecycle
Management(Quality
Check)
Tata Consultancy Service Limited(TCS)
SAP Technical Consultant September 2011 - Present
As a Technical,Test Lead I am responsible for performing current state analysis, end to end design solution which involves defining new strategy for improvement initiatives, developing system requirements, designing and prototyping. Developing, Testing, training, defining support procedures and project implementation based upon SDLC models such as Waterfall and Agile as and when required as per project requirements. Lodging defects and providing status updates against the same in HP ALM as a part of new implementation related activities, also as part of Business as Usual activities analyzing, solving and reporting daily prioritized issues form part of my role in support activities post implementation.
PERSONAL SKILLS
Attention to detail
Goals orientated
Communication
Team Player
Leadership Duties:
Designing and providing end to end SAP solutions for requirements on hand.
Creating and reviewing Functional Specifications and Test Plans.
Working on SAP WEB UI, Web Services, Metering and Utility Mobile applications and Web portals.
Designing of interfaces using different integration scenarios.
Implement SAP functionality.
Solving issues on oracle: DB Checks, Update Statistics, and Backups.
Developing business processes for the required scope of the project.
Ensuring that the BW reporting solution is compatible with the client design, efficient integration of client systems with SAP middleware with solutions to backup consumer portals when SAP system/database is down/under maintenance.
Reporting progress, status issues to the Project Owner every week. PROFESSIONAL
ITIL 2011 Foundation
Certified
Lean Six Sigma Certified
Working with commercial teams to convert pipelines of requirements/ideas into contracted work.
Lodging/fixing defect resulting from test cases in HP ALM as part of project implementation.
Perform Business as Usual activities as part of support activities post project implementation/go live.
PERSONAL DETAILS
Current Address:-
5 Dove Court, Hadrian
way, Stanwell,London,
United Kingdom,
TW197DQ
KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES
Able to manage escalations, issues and risks.
Expertise knowledge of Scrum and Agile delivery methodologies.
Solid implementation, configuration, functional and technical experience.
Experience of managing various Test phases within projects as well as designing/reviewing test strategies and test scripts.
Ability to multi-task effectively in a fast paced environment.
Expertise in ABAP and OOPs methodology, SAP Lead role in the delivery of SAP CRM and Mobile App projects( I was designated the Lead SAP consultant for AGL’s mobile app delivery).
Experience of interfacing with external systems using Web services/NWGW, SAP .NET connector while ensuring performance optimization.
SAP functional experience with the following modules: CRM, ISU, SCM, BILLING, FICA.
Experience of maintaining and reporting defects in HP Application Lifecycle Management tool for project implementations.
Expertise on Business as Usual activities with fixing issues post deployment based on priority, documentation of fixes and configuration alterations.
My wider experience also includes overseas client long term relocations such as to Australia and the UK(current location) while deploying few of the major projects for AGL Australia and British Gas UK, such as utility mobile apps and metering apps for Supply Chain respectively.
M: +447*********(UK)
E:acuq8o@r.postjobfree.com
DOB: 15/01/1990
Passport: J9623929
Citizenship: India
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
B.E./B.Tech in Information Technology from Biju Pattnaik University Of Technology, 2007 – 2011 (CGPA-7.8)
Higher Secondary from Zinc Smelter Secondary Education 2005- 2007 (Percentile-81%)
REFERENCES – Available on request.
Contact this candidate