Kiran Karamsetty acvk3k@r.postjobfree.com
312-***-****

Summary of Experience:
Have 12+ years of IT industry experience in implementation, Maintenance & Upgrade of PeopleSoft Finance and HRMS
Excellent techno/Functional experience in PeopleSoft FSCM, HCM & Finance modules.
Certified PeopleSoft 8 People tools oracle implementation champion.
Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate: SQL Server 2012/2014
Design, develop, test and maintain software to support the PeopleSoft Financials (AP, AR, BILLING, GL, AR, PO & Time and Labor) / PeopleSoft HRMS (Core HR, North America Payroll, Benefits Administration and Base Benefit, Absence management).
Hands on experience on PeopleSoft Development Tools like Application Designer, Process Scheduler, Workflow, Component Interface, Integration Broker, People Tools, People Code, SQR, Application Engine, and PS Query File Layout.

Experience in all phases of SDLC of a Project development life cycle through Requirements definition, Analysis, Functional & Technical design, Testing, implementation & Support.
Designed, developed and implemented various conversion/interface programs starting from extracting data from PeopleSoft Applications, designing the Flat File Layout by conducting Field Mapping, Fit/Gap Analysis by understanding both the systems.
Strong RDBMS skills and hands on experience in Oracle 8i/9i/10g and SQL Server 2005/2008/2012 R2, tools like SSMS (SQL Server Management Studio), Toad for performing SQL and PL/SQL programming.
Experience in retrofit of SQRs during upgrade from Finance 8.8 to Finance 9.0.
Experience in Business Requirements gathering, Fit-GAP analysis and writing Functional and Technical Specifications.
Involved in Unit Testing and Systems Integration Testing during upgradation of tools upgrade for PeopleSoft HRMS from 8.47 to 8.52
Excellent in problem solving and self-learning attitude Strong analytical skills to convert Functional design specifications into Technical Design specifications.
Involved with STAT Tool upgrade from 5.4.0 to 5.7.3
Involved in building and deployment of the applications by using build tools like STAT.
Involved in setting up Control-M Scheduler for PeopleSoft Financials processes that runs during day and night.
Setup the Test Control-M environment for PeopleSoft Financials.
Having knowledge of the basic UNIX commands
Involved in conversion PeopleSoft Financials data to SAP (ALTAIR) using SSIS & Stored procedures.
Working experience with incident/change management tools like Service Now, Remedy & Magic.
Ability to work well in a team based environment. Possess excellent communication and interpersonal skills
Have played role of single point of communicator for most of the support related issues.
Working experience as Module lead, Project Lead.
Working experience as Technical mentor for PeopleSoft Trainees.

Technical Proficiency:
Languages
C++, Visual Basic 6.0,VB.Net, ASP.Net, JavaScript, VB Script, T-SQL, PL/SQL, Visual Studio 2003/2005/2008/2010, HTML, XML Visual C++, PeopleCode, Apache Hive Query, Pig Latin
Databases
MS Access, MS SQL Server 2000/2005/2008/2012, Oracle8i/9i/10g
Tools/Utility
SSIS (Sql Server Integration Services), SQL Server Management Studio(SSMS), Database Tuning Advisor, SQL Profiler, import and export utility, People Tools, 8.22, 8.4, 8.52, 8.8. Application Designer, Application Engine, Component Interfaces, Integration Technology – File Layouts & Data Interchange, Integration broker, PS Query, SQR, Unix Shell scripts, UTL File utility, PeopleSoft Data mover & Tree Manager
Other Tools
MS Office, Visio, MS Excel, MS-Project 2000. STAT, Control-M
Version Control
STAT 5.4.0 & 5.73
Scheduling Tools
Control-M Enterprise Manager GUI/Desktop 6.2.0.1, SQL Server Agent, Window Task Scheduler
Data Warehousing
SSIS (SQL Server Integration Services), DTS
Reporting Tools
Excel, PeopleSoft SQR, PeopleSoft nVision, Crystal Reports,
Operating Systems
Windows-NT, Window 7, Windows’95/98/ 2000/XP/Vista, MS-DOS, Linux, UNIX
Framework
Apache Hadoop

Academics:

Master of Computer Applications, Computer Technology, Nagarjuna University, India

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Lion Resources, Chicago, IL Aug ’2009 – Present
Project: Financials & HCM PeopleSoft Development/Support
Project Profile:
Project is to provide IT Application support and Enhancement services for various Lion Re: Sources Inc. applications, primarily on PeopleSoft Financials & HRMS applications. This project has Development, Enhancements, application support and new interfaces for both PeopleSoft finance and HCM.
Role: PeopleSoft Technical Architect

Responsibilities:
Working as a Techno-Functional Consultant for PeopleSoft Financials 8.4 & HRMS 8.8/8.9
Onsite coordinator to fill the gap between offshore and business users.

Techno/functional experience with all finance modules –Purchasing, Accounts Payable, Billing, Accounts receivables, General Ledger, Time and Labor.
Techno/functional experience HRMS- Core HR, Workforce Administration, North America Payroll, Benefits Administration, Absence Management and Base Benefit

Actively participated in meetings with users, business analyst to fully understand the business requirements translating them to functional & technical specifications.

Extensively used Application Designer and PeopleCode to create run control pages and setup pages to create web-based applications following SDLC methods.
Involved in developing new People Code and customizing existing People Code per user requirements.
Customized PeopleSoft pages, records, menus, components, and People Code for user requirements.
Involved in developing and customizing the reports using the tools Stored Procedures, PS Query & SQR
Extensive working experience with SQR to create multiple reports/files (csv), calling stored procedures, writing to files, reading from files to upload data into database.
Converted long running PS Queries into SQR Queries with NOLOCK Option on tables to avoid the dead lock situations at the database.
Used Unions, Sub query, outer joins and expression in PS QUERY.
Created PS Query to be accessed from the specific menu item instead of Reporting Tools > Query > Query Manager
Written and executed complex SQL queries using SQL Management Studio for back end data validation testing.
Created many complex stored procedures in SQL Server per the business requirement.
Tuning the long running sql queries.
Proficient in writing complex database reports and customizing PeopleSoft Delivered SQR reports.
Hands on Experience with PeopleSoft Process scheduler to schedule jobs, recurrence daily/weekly/specific dates, schedule jobs sets.
Involved in the conversion of PeopleSoft data to SAP for Billing/AP/AR/Balance Sheet data extracts using stored procedure and SSIS packages.
Hands on experience in using transformations like Aggregate, Row Count, Data Conversion, Lookup, Merge, Union all, Derived Column, Multi Cast, OLEDB Command and Conditional Split in different scenarios using SSIS.
Created AP spend details for accounts payables team after conversion from PeopleSoft to SAP.
Enabled traces for many application engine programs for troubleshooting and resolved the issues.
Scheduled SSIS jobs to run automatically by creating a job scheduler using SQL Server Agent to clean up the unwanted characters generated by control-m scheduler output files for AP Spend details interface.
PS Financials: Working experience with accounts payables- 1099 vendor management and 1099 processing.
PS Financials: Worked with Accounts payables 1099 processing to resolve yearend tax forms related issues.
PS Financials- Setup (ACH) Pay cycles like A5D, A1D & JPM chase which were scheduled to run in the evening.
PS Financials: Involved in Bank reconciliation process for incoming JPM Chase check file from the bank (preparing paid items file, Schedule Inbound EC agent, loading Electronic statements & Bank Reconciliation Process)
PS Financials: Having knowledge and working experience in end to end process from purchasing to Payments (accounts payables), generate journals and posting to Ledger (GL Edit and POST)
PS Financials: Involved in Billing related issue identification and provide the best resolution.
PS Financials: Resolved the critical issues of missing vouchers after restarting the errored AP_VCHRBLD by advising not to clear all the temp tables but just delete the problematic BU/Voucher combo and then restart.
PS Financials: Financials gets the job data feed from HR system every day and no way to know what user profile is need to be inactive. Created new SQR process to lock out the user profiles after receiving the termination of employee’s data from HR.
PS Financials: Created nightly sql to generate the output results after the completion of all financials batch jobs for Financial Application Support teams review (for all the modules, PO/AP/AR/GL/TREE)
PS Financials: Hands on experience with Accounts payables payment process, transferring positive payment files to different banks, and reconciliation process.
PS Financials: Working experience with TMS interface- payment data extract to Treasury management system in PARIS which runs right after the pay cycles (CHECK, ACH, A1D, A5D & CHASE)
HRMS: Created a process to load POI and Non-POI new hire data into JOB Data components. The New Hire process is designed to read a .csv file of employee data, and with the use of two component interfaces within an application engine program, hire those employees into PeopleSoft

HRMS: Payroll interface generates the changes only file with latest effective date/sequence number job data. Created interface file to generate full data including all sequences numbers for the most current effective date as per the new ADP system requirements and scheduled to execute right after the payroll interface JOB (PIRUN).
HRMS: Set up the North America payroll extract in HCM and also support the payroll extract issues.
HRMS: Setup the Canada Payroll and created the Canada payroll interface to third party system (Desjardins) as per their system requirement.
HRMS: Created SQR process that transfers data to 3rd party systems like ADP, benefits & TOTARA(Learning management system)
HRMS: Created SQR processes to sort the data after the payroll extract process generated the files as per ADP system requirement and transmit out the files to ADP.
HRMS: Created/modified many complex PS Queries as per the business users need. Ex: getting the current and prior salaries in HCM.
Managed People tools upgrade project from version 8.47 to 8.52.
Managed the implementation of GL interface between PeopleSoft HR and SAP financial systems for Payroll journal entries.
Worked on various technical/functional and project management tasks for Publicis Groupe global HR ERP (PTalent HR) implementation and conversion of data from PeopleSoft HCM system for North-America.
Worked on infrastructure/servers Co-Location project with an external vendor for data center migration for HCM and Financial applications.
Developed and implemented various cost-effective solutions and ideas for HCM and other business applications, to consolidate and streamline processes and application environments, to achieve higher long-term efficiency at a lower cost.
Work with the HCM business users in all Publicis Groupe of companies and Shared Services organizations for daily support requests and business functionality/process assistance.
Work as a point-of-contact for all technical/functional issues with all HCM in-bound and out-bound interfaces with various external vendors and internal systems.
Created interface files (WageWorks, HSA, Payflex (FSA), etc.) from HRMS to external vendors for benefits system
Manage the requirement gathering, technical/functional analysis and design and development for various enhancements, conversions and implementation projects in HR, Payroll and Benefits areas.
Manage the Level-2 support team from the sourcing partner (at onsite and offshore) for daily HCM & Financials support issues.
Worked on a payroll consolidation project to consolidate two separate payroll systems into one Payroll Interface to ADP system for all Publicis Groupe of companies in North America.
Worked closely with Payroll/Benefits Functional Team to develop custom reports.
Worked with Publicis Groupe brands to created Hire, Transfer and termination reports using SQR and scheduled to run at the requested time like weekly/biweekly.
Worked on various conversion projects to facilitate the data management and stream-line business processes for various brands.
Hands on Experience to work with Application Engine parallel processing, temp tables & restart ability.
Resolved issues with accounts payable voucher build and edit.
Enabled the COBOL trace utility to resolve HRMS payroll related issues.
Created SQR that calls the stored procedure using EXEC command.
Resolved Payroll and benefits related issues both functionally and technically.
FTP the interface files to 3rd party vendor and archive the same using SQR and File system commands.
Worked Extensively on Creating and Calling Complex Stored Procedures, Views, Functions, Cursors, Triggers, Indexes using SQL Server 2005/2008/2012.
Extensively worked with Security process – Permission lists, Roles for both HCM and Financials.
Extensively worked with Security processes – Refresh SJT_CLASS_ALL, Refresh Trans SJT tables & Refresh SJT_OPR_CLS
Created Journal Corrections excel macro that have to be used every month which reduces 5 to 6 hours with manual scripting.
Work as Security admin for PeopleSoft Financials & HCM - includes creating permission list, roles from PeopleSoft Portal, create/Maintain object definition security using Application designer.
Resolved many security setup related issues with HCM users & permission lists.
Worked closely with DBA group to identify the deadlock causing PeopleSoft Processes and resolve the issue.
Worked with DBA group to fine tune the poorly running queries
Assist DBA Group for PeopleSoft Admin related issue resolution like processes are not posting/distribution status is not getting posted/reports are not posted to report repository.
Deploying the PeopleSoft objects, SQRs and SQL Scripts to other testing environments using the version control tool STAT.
Involved in the upgrade of Version control tool -STAT from 5.4.0 to .5.7.3
Setting up Developers as users on the STAT and resolve any connectivity issues with STAT.
Worked as STAT tool admin.
Setup the Control-M scheduling tool to automate the batch processes/jobs that run throughout the day and night for PeopleSoft Financials.
Add or modify the jobs in Control-m Enterprise Manager and also working experience with Control-M database.
Set up the Control-M environment for PeopleSoft Test/Tran databases.
Primary and secondary support to PeopleSoft Finance and HRMS application.
Working experience with incident/Change management tools like Service Now & Magic.
Worked as Project lead for Tata Consultancy services team working from India and at the client location.

Environment: People Tools 8.47/8.52, Application 8.4, 8,8 & 8.9, SQR, nVision, Application Engine, Component Interface, XML,People Code, PS Query, Integration broker, XML, HTML, Microsoft SQL Server 2000/2008 R2, 2012 R2, Windows 7/XP, Visual Studio 2010, Control-M, STAT, SSIS

Scottish Water, Scotland, UK Apr 2008 – Jul 2009
Project: Customer Connections with PeopleSoft Financials

Role : PeopleSoft Technical Architect

Brief Project Detail:
Develop new interfaces from Customer Connections application (Aqualogic) to PeopleSoft Financials
- Billing
- General Ledger
- Accounts Payable
Worked on new development to create invoices and vouchers for the incoming feed from the customer connections application. These will be the interfaces between PeopleSoft and customer connection application (Aqualogic)
I was involved in analysis of the requirements, interaction with the client business analysts, preparation of the technical system design, implementation/resolving of the service requests, unit testing, coordinating migration, ensuring compliance to quality processes and preparation of project related documents.
Responsibilities:
Effectively involve in the requirement gathering.
Designed functional and technical specifications.
Created Billing invoices for the Customer connection billing data using the billing interface without errors. Application Engine was used to implement the interface.
Created Vouchers for the customer connections payment data.
Implemented voucher workflow approval process.
Created Records, pages, Components, Menus and registered the components and apply required security.
Implemented new feature to create vouchers using excel- ExceluploadforVouchers, Client never used this functionality to upload vouchers and was entering vouchers manually. So this new implementation reduced lot of work to create vouchers. Used integration technology tools to implement the voucher upload using excel.
Resolved Integration broker nodes setup issues.
Used TOAD tool to write the SQL queries to validate the data for the incoming interfaces and PeopleSoft generated vouchers/invoices.
Supported finance team while testing through the different phases of testing in UAT
Involved in documentation of Unit and Integration Test Plans
Helped PeopleSoft Application Support team with the incidents and Minor Enhancements.

Environment: People Tools 8.48 Application Engine, Workflow, MS Excel, PeopleCode, Integration Broker, TOAD, Oracle 10g, Oracle Application Server,

ING Americas, Atlanta, USA
Project Name: PeopleSoft Financials & HCM Application Support Apr 2005 – Mar 2008
Role : Technical Analyst

Brief Project Detail:
Support/Maintenance
Support for the following modules in PeopleSoft Financials & HCM
Financials:
- General Ledger
- Asset Management
- Accounts Payable
- eDS
- Suspense Workbench
- Expenses
HCM:
- Core HRMS
- AUAR
- Proposer

The application support involves Reports, Interfaces, Enhancements, and Data Fixes.
Developing interfaces between PeopleSoft and remaining Applications using Application Engine programs and Component Interfaces.
Development work for the Financials Upgrade (v8.17 to v8.8)
Provide best-in-class reusable solution to application service requests.
I have worked on service requests (enhancements and data fixes) related to General Ledger, Asset Management, eDS, Accounts Payable and Suspense Workbench in Finance and Core HRMS, AUAR with respect to HCM. I was involved in analysis of the service requests, interaction with the client business analysts, preparation of the technical system design, implementation/resolving of the service requests, unit testing, peer review, coordinating migration, ensuring compliance to quality processes and preparation of project related documents.
Responsibilities:
Involved in the customizations, enhancements and maintenance.
Designed functional and technical specifications.
Development and ownership of Projects.
Created many records, pages, Components, Menus.
Created many SQRs per the user requirement.
Extensively used PS Queries to create new and modify existing queries.
Implemented generic, reusable, secure file transfer solution through PeopleSoft to transfer files from local workstation to UNIX box in a secure manner. People code was used to implement the logic to transfer files from local workstation to UNIX.
Implemented reusable SQL scripts using Oracle 9i’s UTL file utility for the data fixes.
Extensively used Process scheduler for setting up the reports to run at specific time and used Process Monitor to monitor the status of reports
Implemented a view for the complex multiple employee records issue in AUAR.
Developed custom SQRs to fetch employee data from database.
Taken over Employee Data Quality project and completed successfully within a short time and got compliments from the client. This project was to create new SQR to generate data extracts from HRMS and send the same to third party system (MIIS).
Created new SQR to read data from the receiving files and load the data into the HRMS tables and generated the status report about the load.
Taken over the contractor’s project and completed successfully. This project was to modify the SQRs to include contractors in the generating data extracts and reports. Also had to modify the pages to include the employee’s status to know whether if he is an employee or non employee. Also created and modified PS Queries to include the person status field which tells the status of an employee if they are employees or contractors.
Developed an automated system to upload of HRMS transactions into PeopleSoft. Used integration technology tools to upload the mass changes to the JOB data in HRMS. Used Application Engine program, which calls the Component interface, to upload the valid data into the JOB component after the data validation. Used File layout to write the error report for the invalid data got from the file. Process will report the errors and continuous to process only the successful data.
Primary and secondary support to PeopleSoft Finance and HRMS application.
Handled many production issues and enhancement to the existing Financials and HRMS applications.
Retrofit of SQRs during upgrade from Finance 8.17 to Finance 8.8
Created Permission lists, users, roles and assigned roles to users through Maintain security
Written simple/complex stored procedures, triggers using PL/SQL in Oracle10g
Keen focus on performance tuning, testing, and quality assurance.
Worked as team lead for India team.

Environment PeopleTools 8.4, 8.45, SQR, SQL scripts, Application Engine, Component Interface, People Code, PS Query, XML, HTML, Integration broker, File Layouts & Data Interchange, Toad

Client Name : Bausch & Lomb, USA
Project Name : EMEA DW Migration Apr 2003 – Mar 2005
Role : Team Member

Brief Project Detail:
Implementation & Support
Implementation of following modules in PeopleSoft Financials & Supply Chain Management (FSCM) v8.4
- Order Management
- Inventory
- Billing
- Purchasing
- Accounts Receivables
- Account Payables
- EPM

The development involved R.I.C.E. (Reports, Interfaces, Conversions, and Enhancements) as the part of the ‘Global Rollout’
Developing interfaces between PeopleSoft and remaining Applications using Application Engine programs, Component Interfaces and Application Messaging, Data conversion from legacy systems to PeopleSoft.
Optimization of existing PeopleSoft applications and providing best – in – class PeopleSoft implementation.

I have mainly worked on Reports and Enhancements requests in Order Management, Inventory, Billing, Purchasing modules. I was involved in interaction with the B&L System Integration (SI) team for requirement analysis, preparing the high level design (HLD) documents, development, enhancements to custom / in-house built components or interfaces, performing unit testing, providing post implementation support by following SDLC concepts, carrying out quality assurance activities, participating in reviews and performing status reporting.

Responsibilities:
SQR – Created new SQRS to generate the reports as per the requirement, modified the existing reports as part of the enhancement, created new SQR to generate the data extract files using the delimiters comma, tab, pipe,* and also generated the fixed format files.
Created new SQR to read the files and load the data in the database tables. Created approx 15 new SQRs.
Application Engine: Created new application engine to upload and process data into the financials tables.
Peoplecode: Used Peoplecode extensively to validate the user input, write in many PeopleCode events and used in the application engine. Ex: To verify whether from data is lesser than the to date or not.
Defined Indexes, Views, Constraints and Triggers to implement business rules in Oracle
Integration Broker: Used to update the data base tables based on the messages received from the third party.
PS Query: Created new Query to generate the data in the report format as per the requirement. Also modified the existing queries as per the user requirement.
Involved with migration of PeopleSoft objects from development environment to UAT for users testing.
Performed Unit and Functional Testing.
Worked as module lead.
Mentor junior Developers on PeopleSoft tools.
Environment: SDLC methods, People Tools 8.43, SQR, PS Query, Application Engine, File Layouts, PeopleCode, Component interface, Integration Broker, HTML, TOAD, Oracle 9i

TRAININGS ATTENDED/ IMPARTED

Year
Title
Location
Apr 03
PeopleSoft Bootcamp
Bangalore, India

COURSES / WORKSHOPS CONDUCTED

Year
Course
Presented to
2004
PeopleSoft Technical Training
Bausch & Lomb Trainees, Bangalore
2004
SQR
Bausch & Lomb Trainees, Bangalore
2004
Oracle SQL
Bausch & Lomb Trainees, Bangalore
2004
Oracle PL/SQL
Bausch & Lomb Trainees, Bangalore
Contact this candidate