Technical Sales Consultant Sales Consultant Treasury Sales Consultant
Sales and Negotiation Strategic Planning and Implementation Systems Installation Continuous Process Improvement
Staff Supervision and Development Cash and Risk Management Cross-functional Collaboration Regulatory Compliance

Qualifications Profile

Results-driven, highly analytical, and innovative professional with extensive experience in sales consulting, focusing on technical finance and treasury management. Knowledgeable of accounts receivable, accounts payable, information technology, software integration, and financial analysis and reporting. Effective at leading programs, handling products, driving profit, increasing efficiencies, and resolving conflicts. Capable of communicating and cultivating positive relationships with individuals of various backgrounds. Proficient with Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, and PowerPoint), enterprise resource planning (ERP), and coding.

Professional Experience

Mossy Rock Technical Consulting, Ann Arbor, MI
President 2016–Present
Expertly administer the creation of business, technical, and financial strategies for customers.
Provide consultations with customers to assist in the promotion of efficiencies on compliance, risk, and technical payments.
Serve as a member of leadership teams, which involve identifying and helping design the future direction of core products.

Notable Accomplishments:
Implemented various innovative solutions for reporting, Automated Clearing House (ACH), and bankcard.
Acquired a distinction for consistently ranking in the top 5% of revenue generators.

Wells Fargo Bank, Great Lakes (2008–2016)
Senior e-Receivable Consultant 2015–2016
Rendered support to bank customers and prospects in converting from paper to electronic, such as lockbox, risk, bank card, ACH, electronic bill presentment, and print throughout the Great Lakes region.
Served as the subject matter expert for the bank on payment processing and risk, such as internet, Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), ACH, and Payment Card Industry (PCI) fraud, along with reporting and speaking on national, regional, and local events.
Collaborated with the Banking Team in lead generation.

Notable Accomplishment:
Played a key role in developing the pipeline from zero to $4.5M in a span of 12 months.

Technical Sales Consultant 2008–2015
Effectively consulted with customers in integrating the Wells Fargo technology with accounts receivable (AR) and accounts payable (AP) systems, web portals, and enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems to maximize inflows, outflows, risk, and reporting initiatives.
Partnered with the Bank Team in instructing customers on new processes encompassing technology application program interfaces (APIs) and alternative payment channels, such as Apple Pay, text payments, and electronic bill presentment.
Assumed multiple roles, such as the following:
-Subject matter expert on technology and cash management efforts, and
-The groups’ leadership team member in charge of identifying the product and direction of sales and strategies.

Notable Accomplishments:
Initiated software and API integrations, in close coordination with customers.
Supervised the Wells Fargo e-Receivables Group who generated over $20M of annual revenue from 2010 to 2014.
Drove performance improvements as reflected in the following recognitions:
-Golden Spoke Winner in 2012 for ranking in the top 1% performer bank-wide, and
-Presidents Club commendation from 2011 to 2014 for ranking in the top 10% in treasury management sales.
Contributed to a wide range of innovations, including real-time Automated Clearing House (ACH) web payables and receivables, as well as multi-account token sharing.

Comerica Merchant Services, National
National Account Executive 1998–2008
Oversaw the maintenance and securing of new business for large corporation with bank card and ACH.
Built close relationships with all team members.

Notable Accomplishments:
Earned recognition by leading the company in new business in nine out of ten years within the organization.
Attained a retention rate of more than 95%.
Obtained membership in the President’s Club in 2002, 2004, and 2007.
Made substantial contributions in pioneering the Corporate Trade Exchange (CTX) deposit for bank cards, Wi-Fi transaction, and virtual private network (VPN) transaction with a bank card.

Military Experience

US Army
Sergeant – 2/75th Ranger Battalion

Education and Credentials

Bachelor of Fine Arts
Ohio State University, Columbus, OH

Certifications:
Associate Financial Planner (AFP)
Certified Treasury Professional (CTP)

Professional Development

Power Messaging Miller Heiman – Sales Process

Professional Affiliation

Association of Finance Professionals
Contact this candidate