Lakhan Dudeja
E-Mail: acy5r1@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile: +91-991*******

CAREER EXPOSURE

Telecom Professional with 4 years of experience in troubleshooting, maintenance and installation of Avaya Applications. Experienced in maintenance and support of Avaya contact center traditional and VOIP technology.

SKILL SET

Handling Problem management role with respect to Avaya CM, System Manager, Session Manager, System Platform, Media gateways and IVR Domains.
Configuring circuit packs and Media gateway
Installing firmware on Media gateway, Media Modules, Circuit packs through FTP and System Platform.
Installing Templates in System Platform.
Working on VOIP system, H.323, H.248 & SIP protocols.
Analyzing the issue with Event, ECS, Messages and VSP logs in server, System Platform and Media gateways.
Defining and Implementing the Password Policy for normal and admin users.
Initiating & Maintaining the Daily, Weekly, and Monthly Backups for Avaya CM.
Participating in the critical changes in CM, IVR & Network Domains and implementing the changes with nil mistakes as per the approval process.
Handled multiple Domains like Avaya CM, Avaya Gateways, AES, IVR, Auto dialer, Audio codes, System Manager, System Platform.
Basic administration knowledge in SQL database.
Strong knowledge in MS Word, MS excel, Power point.

PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION

B.TECH Discipline, passed with 67%, first class from world College of technology and management affiliated to Maharshi Dayanand University (Rohtak- Haryana) in the year 2012.

REWARDS & RECOGNITION

Got “BEST ENGINEER” award for the year 2016 for my performance excellence from HP enterprises.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Currently working as Tier 2 Technical Consultant - Avaya Backbone team at Hewlett-Packard Enterprise Period: July 2015 to till date

Job Responsibilities:

Working as a Tier 2 Technical Consultant - Avaya Backbone team for around 500 Avaya customers across the global.
Troubleshooting in Media Servers like Communication manager, System Manager, Session Manager, System Platform and all Media Gateways.
Analyzing the issue with Event, ECS, Messages and VSP logs in server, System Platform and Media gateways.
Troubleshooting the connectivity issue through NNMI server.
Responsible for resolving all kind of alarms triggered from the server through Matrix tool.
Coordinating with various service providers to resolving the issue.
Responsible for DAY 2 works for newly configured sites.
Troubleshooting IP Dect issue by login in Avaya IP Dect Base station.

Customer Engineer at HCL info-system Pvt. Ltd for UIDAI client (aadhar card), Noida
Period: July 2013 to July 2015.

Job Responsibilities:

Avaya Communication Manager, AES, ACR, EPMS & CMS:

Adding and deletion of agent ID’s
Configuring the Vector programming, VDN, Hunt group, Coverage path, Trunk in CM.
Installation & configuring of Avaya One-x phones.
Creating the Agent Groups in Avaya CMS Application.
Configuring the skill sets of the agents/users.
Configuring the stations/extensions.
Maintaining the backup of CM & CMS server.
Configuring the user permissions to users in CMS.
Changing the Passwords of Avaya CM, CMS, SES, AES, Voicemail servers & validating the ids month on month to fulfill the security calendar agreed by the customer.
Adding / removing of announcement in VAL board.
Updating the Firmware for Avaya gateways & Media Servers.
Providing first call resolution for incidents with respect to Avaya platform.
Operate from data center for support and implementation.
Implementation and support of 5 Avaya Contact Centre for UIDAI

IVR:

Performing the Avaya IVR Monthly activity (Cold reboot, Vacuum DB, Services restart)
Maintaining & deploying the new Applications in IVR application server.
Troubleshooting the IVR related issues.
Routing the calls in EPMS during Major activities without business impact.
Doing Daily checklist to ensure the smooth running of the Avaya IVR devices.
Troubleshooting the issue related to CTI POPUP application.
Providing the resolution of application related issues by analyzing the logs.
Taking the regular backups of application & logs.
Uploading the prompts in Avaya IVR as per the business requirement.

Audio codes (Media gateway) :

Monitoring the SS7 signaling links and alarms.
Configuring the trunks and defining the inbound & outbound rules.
Taking the periodic backup of configuration files.
Health checkup
Maintaining the device information’s and configuration files.

Technical support executive at Synoptics Technologies Pvt. Ltd, Mumbai.
Period: Nov 2012 to July 2013.

Job Responsibilities:

IP phone configuration and troubleshooting
Configured Hunt Group, VDN, and Vectors based on customer requirement
Configured ACD-Skill based routing.
Working and Supporting on the Other Multiple Products including CMS, Avaya Call Recorder, AES.

PERSONAL DETAILS

Father’s Name : Inder kumar
Sex : Male
Date of Birth : 25th Apr 1990
Marital Status : Single
Languages : English, Hindi, Punjabi
Passport no : K6597177
Present Address : Electronic city, Bangalore.
Permanent Address : 25/750 DDA Flats Madangir New Delhi -110062

DECLARATION

I hereby declare that all the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.

Yours Truly,

(Lakhan Dudeja)
Contact this candidate