VIJAY PS
+91-638******* ad0tcx@r.postjobfree.com Chennai
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Customer-focused software professional with superior communication skills and expertise in various technical platforms. To seek and maintain full-time position that offers professional challenges utilizing interpersonal skills, excellent time management and problem- solving skills. EXPERIENCE
Technical Consultant, Ameex Technologies, March 2020-Current Chennai
Contribute actively to the continuous support and development of the Enterprise Drupal Web Application of Drupal Version 7,8,9 & 10.
Proficient in managing projects using Agile principles, with a strong focus on the Scrum methodology.
Extensive hands-on experience in successfully migrating Drupal websites. Expertise in managing Drupal websites on various hosting platforms including Acquia Site factory, Acquia Cloud Platform, AWS, Pantheon, Cpanel, and GoDaddy. Skilled in collaborating with CI/CD pipelines and Travis build processes. Strong Knowledge of Drupal 8/9/10 frameworks and it's features Experience in working with the Drupal Database Search API, Solr Search and in Elastic Search Servers
Proficient in configuring Drupal solutions, including Views, Webforms, Twig Templates, Paragraphs, Taxonomy, and Panels.
Proficient in seamlessly integrating third-party websites and services into Drupal-based projects, enhancing functionality and user experience through API integration, data synchronization, and seamless data exchange
Experience in SEO, utilizing sitemap configuration, Google Analytics, and Google Tag Manager to boost site traffic.
Effective client communication and requirement response using Teamwork as a collaborative tool.
Worked on the Core web Vitals to improve the overall performance of the site Demonstrated ability to quickly understand problem statements and devise effective solutions.
Consistently implemented code in strict adherence to Drupal's best practices, ensuring high-quality development standards.
Actively participated and made substantial contributions to the Drupal.org community. System Adminstrator, Larsen and Turbo Infotech, March 2019-November 2019 Chennai
Ensuring Security and efficiency of IT infrastructure Installing and configuring software, hardware, and networks engaging through the Service Now
Worked on the Domain migration and migrating the user roles to a common domain using the migration tool
Upgraded to Windows 10 from the previous lower version Worked on the Symantec End Protection to ensure security policies. LANGUAGES
HTML5 & CSS3
Javascript & Jquery
Node JS
Wordpress
EDUCATION
B.E
Electrical and Electronics Engineering, R.M.K College of Engineering and Technology, Chennai Jun 2018
Higher Secondary
Vidyaa Vikaas Higher Secondary School, Namakkal Jul 2014 Bharathidasanar Marticulation School, Arakkonam Aug 2012 INTERESTS
Surfing through Internet.
Online Surveying Engaging through Google Opinion Rewards. LANGUAGES
Tamil
English
Contact this candidate