CAREER OVERVIEW:

My experience with Enterprise and Commercial Salesforce Lightning Experience and Electrical Engineering degree gives me the background to meet and exceed customer expectations.

I am a Salesforce Consultant with 15+ years of experience in the IT field with solution design and hands on development. I have been working with Sales, Service, and Marketing solutions on Salesforce.com for around seven years. I developed CRM functionality with Lightning UI, Apex triggers, Apex Batch, integration, Visualforce pages.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Custom development of Lightning pages and components via Visual Studio Code, Visualforce pages, as well as Apex triggers and Apex batch jobs. SFDC Program Management using Agile Rally, JIRA, Git, Force.com Migration Tool, Marketing Campaign/Lead Management using SilverPop, Apex Integration via Salesforce API Web Services with third party service providers such as Tableau and SAVO, SSO/SAML, and process automation via Lightning Process Builder, Apex triggers, flow, approval processes, workflow rules, HTML, CSS and Salesforce System Administration, including user roles, profiles, sales teams and account teams, data model development and UAT testing.

ACCOMPLISHMENTS:

As the Senior Consultant on the PNC Bank project, I upgraded the Development Lifecycle to run test classes to identify unit tests issues well before migration to production. I orchestrated two or more concurrent release sprints leading up to the production deployment. I instructed developers on coding best practices. In addition, I upgraded DevOps management with new analytics and activity tracking.

As a Senior Consultant at Appirio, and a Tech Lead on the Honda Customer Service project, I designed a Lightning Community solution that leveraged Lightning Components with Lightning Flows that allowed our UX team to provide excellent user experience for both laptop or mobile devices users. We were able to elegantly support both Honda and Acura customers from a single Salesforce environment even if a customer owned both brands.
As a developer at Oppenheimer Funds, I developed custom lightning components in the Sales Cloud. I refactored Contact Trigger handling to stay under the maximum soql call governor limits, as well as spearheaded implementation of new Salesforce functionality regarding Contacts with multiple accounts.

At the State of New Jersey – Medicaid, I designed and implemented a Visualforce solution for the Special Needs Trust (SNT) program on the new Salesforce Government Cloud. The account management application addressed many moving parts including the courts, the legal department, accounting department, and document warehousing, as well as trustees, attorneys, and beneficiary family members.

As a Salesforce Sales Cloud Consultant working for ProQuest, I was technical lead on SilverPop Campaign and Lead Management. Also, I implemented a Product Platform Migration Tracking Application allowing Technical Support Managers to track Product Platform Migration cases by account and by Technical Support Agent. In addition, I upgraded the Cornerstone Learning Cloud Application releases and managed the Cornerstone program in general.

As an independent Salesforce Consultant working for Deloitte, I managed a large SFDC Service Cloud project consolidating an Email to Case implementation consisting of over 100+ mailboxes to a forms-based Web to Case implementation servicing Deloitte’s employee HR queries and requests. In addition, I expanded an in-house SFDC project management application to include developer hours tracking and advanced project trend analytics. In addition, I created the SFDC Business Continuity Plan and managed the project to bring Deloitte SFDC into Deloitte Branding compliance.

As an EnablePath Solution Architect, I transformed a Salesforce red account to a 5 out of 5 CSAT customer. This turn-around was especially important as EnablePath was a new player in the NYC/NJ/PA market and needed a strong first project outcome in the Northeast market.

As the Seagate Change Management SFDC program manager, I gathered business requirements, created user stories, entered defects, and tracked project status via Agile Rally Software to ensured project alignment with business goals and objectives. My activities included Webex meetings with offshore developers and stakeholders to provide technical guidance and program status updates. Other duties included content management via SAVO, analytics via Tableau Desktop, Apex coding, data model design, UAT testing, and ANT script creation for code promotion.

As a Force.com Developer for Merck, I enhanced the Contract Management functionality by creating an Apex trigger tracking products sold vs Special Pricing Agreement terms. I also created a Visualforce page to upload opportunity products via csv files.

As a Solutions Architect for Novartis, I created a Roadmap for future client migrations and a Use Case document of a brand site to collect functional requirements for re-platforming to Force.com. Also, I managed the configuration of Single Sign-on to include Salesforce Chatter for SP initiated requests. In addition, I have designed Apex triggers and Visualforce pages implementing data import and field updates.

As a Salesforce Consultant for Sabadell United Bank, I successfully managed the upgrade from a basic Professional Edition instance to an advanced Enterprise Edition instance. The client recently purchased three separate banks in South Florida, each bank using a separate instance of Salesforce. The most advanced implementations included integration and testing with FIS Bank Core, Great Plains and Charles Schwa, a mortgage calculator implementing Sabadell lending rules for loans of varying amounts for in-state and out-of-state clients, well as loan status dashboards and reports for residential and corporate lending . I also worked closely with lending officers to align loan information entry with banking business processes.

As a consultant for Salesforce Premier Support Tier 2 Analytics, I customized and tested hundreds of customer instances, while meeting and exceeding quality goals and customer expectations. My projects
included custom objects, fields, workflow rules, analytic snapshots, validation rules, and web to x functionality.

ACTIVE CERTIFICATIONS:
Certified Salesforce Administrator
Certified Salesforce Advanced Administrator
Certified Sales Consultant

HISTORY:

Professional Break (Retired)
June 1,2023 to present.

Caregiver for Elderly Parent
Renovated personal residence
Managed Personal Investments

Senior Technical Account Manager at Salesforce.com
June 14, 2021, to March 31,2023.

Managed customer relationship with Signature Support Customers
Worked closely with Account Team and Support Teams to deliver Signature Support Services
Ensured Signature SLA’s were met for customer cases.
Expedited case resolution with Salesforce support engineers
Worked with Proactive Monitoring Teams to track org performance and health.
Schedule Expert Workshop to deliver technical guidance across the Salesforce platform.

Senior Consultant at Appirio/Wipro
July 2, 2018, to May 31, 2021

DevOps Architecture and Management
Lightning Experience/Lightning Community
Release Management/Ant Migration Tool/Git Repository
Visualforce UI
Apex Triggers, Apex Batch Jobs

Bill Davison Consulting, Force.com Analyst at Oppenheimer Funds, Inc.– Manhattan, NY
Feb 12, 2018, to 5/31/2018.

Lightning Experience
Visualforce UI
Trigger Handling Process Control
User provisioning and Case assignment rules for Service Cloud

Bill Davison Consulting, Force.com Analyst at Valeant Pharmaceuticals– Bridgewater NJ
July 17, 2017, to November 22, 2017.

Integration with multiple platforms
Visualforce UI
Master Data Management (MDM)
User provisioning and Case assignment rules for Service Cloud

Bill Davison Consulting, Force.com Developer at State of New Jersey Department of Human Services – Trenton NJ
October 2016 to June 30, 2017.

Medicaid Special Needs Trust Account Management Application – SFDC Government Cloud
Visualforce UI
Integration SFDC/Molina Rec/Medicaid Eligibility/Shared Data Warehouse/Death File

Bill Davison Consulting, SFDC Lead ProQuest Global Sales Operations – Ann Arbor, MI
July 2015 to September 2016

Cornerstone Learning Management System – Project Manager
Product Platform Migration Tracking – SFDC Architect
Apttus Quote to Cash - SFDC Architect
SilverPop - SFDC Architect

Bill Davison Consulting, Deloitte Talent Technology Project Manager – Parsippany, NJ
January 2015 to July 2015

Mailbox consolidation (Email to Case) to Web to Case project manager
Upgraded SFDC In-house Project Management Application to include advanced Project Trend Analytics and hour tracking.
SFDC configuration, workflow rules, and hour tracking update triggers.
SFDC Reports & Dashboards
Force.com Migration Tool
Git/Jenkins Versioning Control

EnablePath, Solutions Architect – Atlanta, GA
June 2014 to January 2015

Conducting Business Process Reviews with clients to identify business processes, functional requirements, and project scope.
Create Report of Findings and Solution Design documents.
SFDC configuration, workflow rules, approval processes, and lead assignment rules
SFDC Reports & Dashboards
Data Migration
User Training.

Wipro Technologies, Solutions Architect – East Brunswick, NJ
January 2013 to May 2014
Designing triggers and Visualforce pages for data importing and field updates.
Analyzing business processes and creating functional specifications for Salesforce applications such as account management and sales forecasting analytics.
Managed Agile projects with Rally Project Management Software
TekPartners Consultant at SABADELL UNITED BANK – Miami, FL
April 2012 to September 2012 –

Salesforce Consultant shepherded the company from Professional Edition to advanced Enterprise Edition. Salesforce customizations included:
Customize role hierarchy and user profiles
Advanced Sales Dashboards and Reports
Implemented Loan and Expense Report Approval processes
Created html email templates, custom buttons, and custom links
Imported accounts, opportunities, and selling teams via DataLoader
Provided Quality Assurance via testing in production and sandbox instances
Optimized user experience of Reports, Dashboards, and Content areas.
Developed strategies to handle data discrepancies and data quality problems
Monitored and analyze site metrics, system performance, and user activity
Defined and documented requirements, processes and governance.
STREAM GLOBAL SERVICES/Salesforce Premier Support Tier II Analytics – Watertown, NY
January 2012 to April 2012 –Salesforce Tier II Customer Support for Analytics
Consistent leader in team KPIs for resolving cases
Analyzed SFDC data models and report filters for performance ‘efficiency
Engaged Salesforce account executives, program manager, and product engineers to resolve cases
STREAM GLOBAL SERVICES/ Salesforce Premier Support Administrative Services - Analytics – Watertown, NY July 2010 to January 2012
Created html email templates, custom buttons, and custom links
Created Reports, Dashboards, and Analytic snapshots.
Modified Salesforce security models including roles, profiles, sharing rules, workflows and groups.
Participated in cross-functional teams addressing strategic business issues.
Created workflow rules, and validation rules to support analytics
Created custom objects to implement analytic snapshots

WEB DESIGN CONSULTANT – Alexandria Bay, New York 2007 to 2010
Restaurant and Retail clients.

HIGH SCHOOL MATH INSTRUCTOR – Beaufort County Schools, ACE – Hilton
Head Island, South Carolina, January 2002 to January 2007
Grades 9th through 12th - Algebra, Geometry, Pre-calculus, Statistics and Probability

REAL ESTATE BROKER. Hilton Head Island, South Carolina, June 1995 to
January 2002
FILENET CORPORATION - Costa Mesa, California, June 1994 to June 1995
- Technical Consultant- Reporting to the Customer Service and Support
Manager, Western District
TROY a division of PIERCE COMPANIES - Santa Ana, California, October
1992 to June 1994
- Applications Programmer - Reporting to the Manager of Technical Support
Troy is a leader of high speed impact and desktop laser micr printers.
ANDREW CORPORATION - Torrance, California, May 1990 to 1992
- Technical Support Supervisor III - Reporting to the Manager of Technical Support
Andrew Corporation develops and markets some of the world's finest IBM
connectivity equipment.
GENICOM CORPORATION – Waynesboro, Virginia, 1989 to 1990
Product Engineer – Reporting to Director of Engineering providing product testing.

MEMOREX/TELEX - Raleigh, North Carolina, 1985 to 1990
Product Engineer - Reporting to the Manager of Product Engineering providing Mean-Time-Between Failure testing per military specifications.
Memorex/Telex is major manufacturer of IBM plug-compatible
equipment, including terminals, printers and controllers.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
1985 - North Carolina State University: Bachelor of Science in
Electrical Engineering
Contact this candidate