PROFILE SUMMARY:

Highly Experienced Technical Consultant in Enterprise Application Integration with WebSphere Software.
Efficient usage of IBM WebSphere Message Broker/IIB/ACE as a Developer, Designer, Administrator, Architect, Unit Tester and Support Personnel.
Implemented Middleware and Security Solutions using IBM WebSphere DataPower
Expert in being a Team player and an individual in addressing multiple challenges integrating disparate Endsystems including Mainframes, CICS, SAP, Databases, WMQ, WSRR, etc.
Hands-on Experience with the new release of the IBM Integration Bus v10.
Experienced in implementing Global Caching to share data with multiple Instances of Broker.
12+ years of abundant Coding Experience with Compute, Database, Java Compute and Filter Nodes
Integration with the use of other WebSphere Middleware Suite Including WebSphere Transformation Extender
Implemented Shared-Libraries in IIB v10
Successfully Re-built Applications from the deployed artifacts
Implemented multiple concepts of WMB including SFTP, Webservice Security, etc.
Comfortable working in Agile and Waterfall Models
Developed and Maintained critical REST and SOAP Based WebServices with Message Broker/IIB
Highly experienced in installing and configuring WMQ, WMB and WAS on Windows 2003, 2008 server, AIX, SUN OS and Z/OS.
Hands-on Experience with the Publish-Subscribe Functionality of the Integration Suite.
Sound Knowledge in UNIX Shell Scripting and Job automations and Scheduling on AIX, HP-UX, Solaris, and Linux.
Leveraged the Retry Mechanism with the help of Record-And-Replay Functionality of the WebSphere Message Broker version 8.
Experience working with EDI and HL7 interfaces.
Experience on WBI Adapters including SAP, JDBC, JText and File Extender
Expertise in working with XML, DFDL/MRM, DTD, COBOL, XSL, XPATH, EDI 834, XSD.
Hands-on Experience in Development, Installation, configuration, maintenance, up-gradation, remote technical support, patch management, troubleshooting, repair, monitoring and supporting of WebSphere technologies including MQ, WebSphere Message Broker and WebSphere Application Server.
Experienced in design and architecture of integrating enterprise applications. Integrated IBM Business Process Manager with WebSphere Message Broker.
Highly experienced in the upgrade/migration/applying Fix-packs to MQ Series and Message Broker
Extensive experience with MQSeries Clustering, MQ Client / Server setup, MQSeries System Administration, user training and documentation.
Highly experienced in designing messaging architectures including developing, deployment and administration of WebSphere MQ.
Integrated files, Mainframes and databases on distributed and legacy systems across the enterprise.
Programming experience in developing MQ Adapters using MQSeries for Java and MQSeries JMS.
Experienced in deploying solutions in High Availability (HA), Load Balancing Configurations eliminating single points of failure.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Willingness and ability to quickly adapt to new environments.
Enthusiasm for Learning curve to get proficient in the Middleware Technologies

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Middleware Products : ACE/WMB/IIB, DataPower, WTX, WAS, MQSI, MQFTE Languages : ESQL, SQL, PL/SQL, JAVA.
Scripting : XSLT, JAVA Script, DHTML, and HTML
Databases : IBM DB2/UDB, Oracle, SQL Server, MS Access, MySQL
Version Control : ClearCase, Subversion, Visual Source Safe, Harvest, Dimensions Operating Systems : AIX, Z/OS, HP UNIX, Windows 03/08

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Army and Airforce Exchange, Dallas TX August 17 – Current
WebSphere Middleware SME

Accomplishments:

A High-Level Technical Consultant providing Software Solutions for IBM Middleware Products
Designed, Developed a Custom Framework for the Enterprise Logging and Error Handling
Developed a custom reusable-node to consume multiple Webservices in order to satisfy the Routing needs of the Enterprise
Enabled Replaying capabilities of the Messages
Configured the Environment to process gigabytes of data communicating via Databases and file systems
Created Custom Java libraries for runtime command executions
Developed a Database driven Bus architecture
Developed DFDL based parsing structure to integrate with different data structures including COBOL, CSV, Fixed-Length Format, etc.

GHC, Seattle WA March 17 – August 17
WebSphere Middleware SME

Accomplishments:

A WebSphere Middleware Consultant providing Solutions with the help of IIB, MQ and DataPower Worked on transforming/routing HL7 and other messages using IIB9.
Integrated with EPIC system
Migrated Applications from WMB v7 to IIB v9.
Developed Applications to integrate multiple front-end systems to route Patient information.
Created AAA in Datapower and used it for Authentication and Authorization of WebService Calls.
Developed WebService Proxies, Multi protocol Gateways for the DMZ Environment. Designed a database driven solution to satisfy the Routing needs of the Enterprise

VF Corporation, Greensboro NC April 15 – March 17
WebSphere Middleware SME

Accomplishments:

A High-Level Technical Consultant providing Software Solutions for WebSphere Middleware Products
Developed a custom reusable-node to consume multiple Webservices in order to satisfy the Routing needs of the Enterprise
Upgraded CEF from v7, v8 to v9 for logging
Enabled Replaying capabilities of the Messages via CEF
Developed Middleware Solutions with the help of multiple WebSphere Software including Message Broker v8,
IBM Integration Bus v10, DataPower, MQFTE and MQ
Migrated Applications from WMB v8 to IIB v10
Designed Service-based solution driven by database to Plug-in multiple Systems to integrate
Developed DFDL based parsing structure to integrate with different data structures including COBOL, CSV, Fixed-Length Format, etc.
Designed and Developed Applications utilizing MQ FTE to transport large files across the Enterprise Implemented extensive logging & Exception Handling with log4j Plugin, Database, File and Trace Nodes Provided Service-based solution to the Client to Plugin multiple Systems to integrate.
Integrated with SAP System to create and retrieve IDOCs

DTE Energy, Detroit, MI September 14- April 15
WebSphere Middleware Consultant

Accomplishments:

Successfully Re-built Applications from the deployed artifacts when the Source code and BAR files were lost. The artifacts including WMB source, configuration, WTX maps, ESQL and java code.
Developed the Preference Center Application in IIB v9 to maintain Customer Contacts and Preferences.
Designed, Developed and Deployed WebService Proxies, Multi-Protocol Gateways,etc
Built a generic SubFlow for Handling Errors per the Interface (MQ, HTTP or File) and respond with a detailed description and send out a Email Notification Implemented WebService Security with Datapower Appliance
Developed a Website hosted by IBM Integration Bus to provide Interface to access Logs for the Customers. Worked on transforming/routing SWIFT and other messages using IIB9. Created Batch Process in DataPower to serve Data Cache.
Published Messages to Multiple topics with the help of ‘Publication’ Node in the WMB, Implementing Publish-Subscribe model internally and with Remote Systems
Developed Applications to communicate with External Vendors in multiple ways including SFTP, Email, WebServices, MQ, etc.
Setup MQ/MB Environments in DEV, QA and PROD to deploy the Message and helped application Team to test the End-to-End functionality.
Worked with Removing and Declaring Namespaces
Implemented multiple new features of WMB 8 including Graphical Mapping Nodes, Global Cache Integrated multiple Systems including Front-End, Databases, Mainframes, and MQ etc.
Experience integrating Message Broker with DataPower.
Extremely experienced in working with the Message Broker Nodes including SOAP, Routing, HTTP, JMS, Database, Transformation, Construction and File Nodes.
Highly experienced and trained professional in utilizing Message Domains MRM, XMLNSC, SOAP, BLOB, IDOC, etc.
Migrated multiple Message Flows from WMB v7 to IIB v9
Providing 24x7 Support for the ESB Services Team

HealthPlan Services Inc., Tampa FL June 13-September 14
WebSphere Middleware Consultant

Accomplishments:

A Complete SDLC Implementation of the Project starting from Requirement Gathering, Design, Development, Deployment and Support

Integrated different End Systems including Mainframes, Databases, Files, WSRR, SOAP and REST-based Webservices.
Extensive usage of WTX with the WebSphere Message Broker in Transforming Data in the Enterprise
Expertise in Different Data Formats Including EDI 834/820,XML,COBOL
Developed WTX TypeTrees, MapSources and Maps to transform Data formats from EDI to Canonical and the usage of the same Maps in WMB with the help of WTX Map Nodes in the toolkit
Integrated WebSphere Service Registry and Repository with WMB to consume the Objects and properties of the Webservices.
Building real-time interfaces using IBM Integration Bus 10, WebSphere Message Broker 6/7 and IBM MQ Explorer for HL7 and non-HL7 message transfer using various message transfer protocols.
Designed, configured, and implemented the Record-And-Replay Functionality of the WebSphere Message Broker version 8. Recorded the Failed messaged to a Database and re-processed (replayed) the messages after the Issue with the Backend System has been solved.
Creating HL7 message sets on Broker Toolkit for validating and transforming the messages.
Provided multiple Interfaces such as File, MQ, REST and SOAP WebServices
Configured and setup WebUI for WMB Environment which provides User Interface for Logging, record-andReplay Data and the entire Broker related Configuration and properties etc.
Built a generic SubFlow for Handling Errors per the Interface (MQ, HTTP to File) and respond with a detailed description and send out a Email Notification.
Using Interface Explorer to test and debug interfaces by creating instances of source (client) and destination (server) end point applications for sending and receiving the HL7 messages.
Consumed and Provided Government provided WebServices implementing WSS
Developed Message Flows which communicates with Back-end Systems including Mainframe, Databases, Secure Transport, Cross Platform Systems to retrieve/update the information required.
Experience in Installation, configuration, up-gradation, development, and remote technical support, and troubleshooting and system administration of WebSphere MQ, WebSphere Message Broker and WebSphere Application Server.
Worked on various types of input systems including MQ, Database, SOAP, HTTP, Files, etc
Involved in requirement gathering, collaborated with Team members to satisfy customer requirements for New Projects/Project updates
Abundant coding in ESQL for all kind of Message Flows utilizing various Message Trees.
Created XSD, WSDL files using Message Broker toolkit
Installed and configured Message Broker Toolkit for enabling design, development, build and deploy Message Flows & Message Sets supporting message broker applications.
A Great Expertise in Developing Sub-Flows for reprocessing the Messages.
Installed and configured MQSeries on AIX, Solaris, Z/OS and Windows 2003.
Performed MQ Administration tasks using MQSC commands.
Helped Team members in reviewing the code and suggesting changes for scalability
Configured SSL in MQ/MB and WAS to accommodate Secure connectivity between the Datacenters across the World
Integrated files and databases on distributed and legacy systems across the enterprise. Implemented DataPower SOA solution to accommodate the XML data validation and Security A great enthusiasm in meeting the deadlines of the customer.
Setup Tivoli Monitoring for the OS and MQ series objects.
Implemented flows File-to-Queue, Queue-to-File using file nodes.
Monitored the WMQ objects using the MQ Explorer and WMQ Tool.
Interacted with Business/Application owners and departments providing SME services to facilitate the use of WebSphere MQ.
Implemented the clustering environment to achieve Workload balancing and to make the administrative task easy.
Configured MQSeries Network using clustering distributed queuing and remote administration.
Preparing automated scripts for queue manager setup.
Migrated WebSphere Message Queue from V 6.0 to v 7.0

Daimler Trucks North America October 11 – May 2013
Message Broker/DataPower Developer

Accomplishments:

Performed Development, Installation, Upgradation, Administration, Testing and Deployment of the programs using middleware products IBM WebSphere Message Broker, IBM WebSphere MQ, WebSphere Application Server and DataPower
Exhibited the task of documenting Functional/Technical Designs for the Developed Interfaces
Extensive utilization of the Message Domains in Parsing the Messages for Transformation
Developing ESQL for Validating, Logging and Archiving the Messages passed through
Maintaining and Supporting DataPower Applications in DMZ Environment
Developing Webservices with DataPower
Migrating the WebSphere Message Broker from v6.1 to v8.0
Defined SSL on MQ channels
Monitored MQ objects using Qpasa and UNIX Scripts.
Corrected errors by making appropriate changes and then rechecking the program to ensure that the desired results are produced.
Conducted trial runs of programs and software applications to be sure they will produce the desired information and that the instructions are correct.
Compiled and write documentation of program development and subsequent revisions, inserting comments in the coded instructions so others can understand program.
Written, updated, and maintained computer programs or software packages to handle specific jobs, such as tracking inventory, storing or retrieving data, or controlling other equipment.
Consulted with managerial, engineering, and technical personnel to clarify program intent, identify problems, and suggest changes.
Performed direct revision, repair, or expansion of existing programs to increase operating efficiency or adapt to new requirements.
Written, analyzed, reviewed, and rewrote programs, using workflow chart and diagram, and applied knowledge of computer capabilities, subject matter, and symbolic logic.
Written and contributed to instructions or manuals to guide end users.
Prepared detailed workflow charts and diagrams that describe input, output, and logical operation, and converted them into a series of instructions coded in a computer language.
Performed Installation, testing, implementation, maintenance and documentation of MQ Series and Message broker and Java.
Developed the Interfaces based on the technical designs and review code with the Team.
Created Message Flows and Message Sets using Toolkit and deployed to broker runtime.
Checked in the developed flows to Version control tools.
Developed common flows for Error handling, logging and for Email notifications.
Worked with CWF, TDS and XML, XMLNS message formats.
Did performance testing using MQ Visual Edit, RFHUTIL and Jmeter.
Integrated Mainframe Applications with Java Applications and with SAP Financial/Material systems.
Used Email adapters for sending email notifications from message broker.
Monitored all MQ Objects using MQ supplied utilities
Performed problem determination using local error logs and by running user traces and service traces Programmed Java Activity implementations
Performed Troubleshooting and 24*7 production support in both testing and production environment
Contact this candidate