Rutendo Mufaro Bwerazuva
+1-817-***-**** ad4c81@r.postjobfree.com Fort Worth, TX 76177
SUMMARY
Capable Sage Accounting and windows software consultant, experienced in helping users correct problems with computer systems, mobile devices and peripheral equipment. Knowledgeable about usability and security concerns. Comfortable working alone to successfully investigate and troubleshoot problems. Critical thinking IT & sage accounting software consultant, effectively resolves technical issues through troubleshooting and SQL spooling of data. Specializes in Accounting softwares and implementation of accounting products. Offers outstanding skills in SQL programming and Installation of softwares and hardware.
Friendly Technical Support Representative keen to help customers maximize product impact and usability. Amiably replies to all customer queries and consistently resolves client issues. Committed to improving user satisfaction numbers and supporting return patronage across all supported products.
Consultant willing to learn new skills in the IT and Accounting software industries. Dependable IT & Sage accounting Consultant with 15 years of helpdesk experience. Successfully assists end-users with complex technical issues. Communicates complicated concepts clearly and professionally handles wide-ranging questions. SKILLS
Application support
Technical issue analysis
Machine Learning
IT service management
Troubleshooting
Technical Documentation
Software Implementation
System Upgrades
Project Implementation
EXPERIENCE
IT Specialist & Sage Software Consultant, Chips Computing Services, August 2008-January 2024 Harare, Harare
Assisted in the implementation of new projects and sage /quickbooks accounting systems to improve efficiency.
Conducted regular maintenance checks on computers, servers, and other IT equipment. Provided technical support for users experiencing hardware or software issues. Created user accounts for Accounting softwares, set up windows permissions, and monitored both accounting & windows system security.
Trained end users on how to use the new accounting software implemented Performed troubleshooting to diagnose and resolve complex technical problems. Implemented backup procedures to ensure data integrity and availability both on accounting systems and computer servers
Installed operating systems, applications, patches, updates. as needed. Maintained inventory of all IT equipment and supplies in use by the organization. Investigated system errors to determine root cause of issue and implement solutions accordingly.
Developed documentation related to IT policies, processes, standards. Used remote login tools eg anydesk & teams to assist clients with technical and product questions.
Stayed abreast of latest software developments to enhance job knowledge. Worked with internal teams to deliver accurate information to customers and service accounts
& trouble shooting any sage accounting issues
EDUCATION AND TRAINING
Some College (No Degree)
Information Technology, Computer Studies, Bulawayo Polytechnical College, Bulawayo, Zimbabwe
Certification in CompTIA + (Allison College)
Sage Accounting Certification(Chips Computing Services) SQL Server 2019 Certification (Allison College)
Quickbooks Online(Certification)
LANGUAGES
English:
Professional
WEBSITES, PORTFOLIOS, PROFILES
LinkedIn - mufaro bwerazuva
REFERENCES
References available upon request.
Contact this candidate