Covering Letter

Respected Sir,

I am an IT Professional having 8+ years of experience of Enterprise IT infrastructure based Organizations. I have 6 years of experience as an Oracle Apps E-Business Suite r12.2.10 Technical Consultant. This includes system study, design, development post implementation maintenance and support of EBS. In the beginning of my career I gained full stack expertise to design, development, testing and implementation of oracle custom applications (in-house solution development) extensively migrated to E-Business Suite Solution. This front-end, back-end technical skill set lead me to learn using of standardized methods, optimal utilization of time & resources with modern approaches. Intelligent integration on the basis of best DFD & ERD designing, system automation, electronic approvals & e-mail alerts to make a paperless environment.

Yours Truly

Zahoor Ahmad
Oracle Apps Technical Consultant
E-business Suite r12.2.10

ZAHOOR AHMAD
Oracle Apps Technical Consultant (E-business Suite r12.2.1.0 )

Contact : +973-********, +923**-*******
E-mail : ad4dkk@r.postjobfree.com, Skype Id : career.zahoorahmad
LinkedIn : https://www.linkedin.com/in/zahoorahmadpage
Address : Shaikh Isa Ave, East Riffa, Kingdom of Bahrain
Career Objective
To achieve a position in a well reputed organization, where I utilize my skills, potential to the best and grow with celerity.
Key Skills Summary
Oracle Enterprise Business Suite r12.2.10
●Ability to work in Oracle XML Publisher Reports, XML bursting e-mails with multiple output formats.
●Ability to write concurrent programs based on Oracle Reports, SQL Java concurrent program and PL/SQL Procedure.
●Ability to define scheduled Alerts & Nonfictions based on concurrent program
●Knowledge of BI Publisher, Discoverer and Oracle Forms and multiple layout Reports development.
●Defining & using of lookups in different scheduled procedure based concurrent programs.
●Knowledge of different data loading tools like SQL Data Loader & Toad 9, 10 for Oracle.
●Extensive experience in implementation, Migration, Customization, Production and support of various modules in Oracle Applications
●with major focus in Order Management (OM), Inventory (INV), General Ledger (GL), Accounts Receivable (AR), Accounts Payables (AP),
●Purchasing (PO), BOM and Procure to Pay (P2P), Order to cash (O2C) life cycles and Supply Chain business flows.
●Experience in Data Conversion, Data Migration, Report Generation and Developing Interfaces within several modules in Oracle Apps.
●Technically proficient in RICEW components (Reports, Interfaces, Conversions, Extensions, Workflows).
●Development of interfaces and conversion programs to integrate Oracle Applications modules to import data by PL/SQL, SQL*Loader.
●Fair Knowledge in customizing existing OAF Screens, forms using Custom.pll and Zoom functionality.
●Experience in Customizing Oracle reports and developing new reports by using Oracle Report 6i/10g/11g and XML Publisher (BI Publisher).
●Expertise in developing new Concurrent Programs, value sets, Custom Forms, Reports and Flex Field Customizations.
●Extensively used TCA (Trading Community Architecture) to create customers in AR.
●Well versed with client server environment and tools like SQL*Plus, PL/SQL, SQL*Loader, Toad, Oracle*Forms, Oracle*Reports, Workflow.
●Experience in importing data from legacy systems to Oracle Applications using Oracle Interfacing, SQL LOADER, UTL_FILE, Oracle APIs etc.
●Expertise in requirement analysis, system design, Data Flow Designs, support, development, testing, documentation and design reviews.
●Used OBIEE to make dashboards, data analytics by defining a single logical view of all enterprise data to provide business users with new levels of self-sufficiency to access, interact with, and utilize this information to increase effectiveness.
PL/SQL & Database Objects
●Strong knowledge of PL/SQL, ability to create different database objects.
●Ability to create Database Functions, single row function & multiple rows function in one record set.
●Ability to create all kinds of PL/SQL Stored Procedures. Can be used by a command or database schedule.
●Ability to create complex Packages which always make convenient to programmer & user.
●Strong knowledge of creating Views, Materialized Views or scheduled based snap shots.
●Defining all kinds of Integrity constraints like not null, unique, primary key, foreign key, check, reference constraints & all kinds of DB triggers.
Professional Experience
Bahrain Petroleum Company (Bapco Awali, Bahrain)
Role : Oracle Technical Consultant EBS-R12 (Jan-2020 to Onward)
●Worked on the development of interfaces, Data Conversions, Developing new Forms, Reports, Customizing Oracle Reports In order to Cash cycles touching various modules such as AR, PO and AP, GL.
●Implemented AP Invoice import through Payables Open Interface Import Program.
●Worked on the Budget Upload Open Interface to load the data from legacy systems to the GL_Budget_Interface table using SQL*Loader.
●Involved in Customer Conversions to load Customer details into HZ tables by creating staging tables and performing validations and finally loading them in to base tables using TCA APIs.
●Developed AUTOLOCKBOX Interface to load data that is received from bank into interface tables (AR_PAYMENTS_INTERFACE_ALL), from interface table to the Base Interim tables and finally to the base table.

.
●Developed an outbound interface for open Payable Invoices, Suppliers, Supplier Sites, Supplier Contacts, Banks, Bank Branches, and
Bank Accounts, etc. from legacy system to Payables.
●Worked on Auto Invoice Interface Program to validate and load credit memos, debit memos and invoices from legacy system
●Customized various transactions in Account Receivables like Invoice, Receipts, Credit Memos and Debit Memos etc. Customizations of Requisition Approval, PO Approval & Auto Create Workflows.
●Loaded the vendor’s information from legacy system to oracle Purchasing. Developed a PO interface to generate Purchase Orders through an interface conversion program as per the data received from Legacy System.
●Responsible for Journal Imports from all other modules like Accounts Payables(AP) & Account Receivables (AR) into General Ledger (GL).
●Implemented several custom logics for Form Personalization using ZOOM Functionality.
●Designed and created custom form using Forms 10g tool to hold lookup cross reference values between legacy system and oracle apps. Registered the form and migrated.fmx executable file to $AU_TOP on forms server of client.
●Designed and implemented custom Summary Billing Utility in AR with integration to Trading Community and Receivables.
●Development and implementation of various objects using Oracle SQL & PLSQL, Oracle Forms, Oracle Reports and Oracle Discoverer.
●Developed Cash flow summary, Cash flow detail, PA_rev_monthly, PA_rev_monthly_budget, Inventory aging and Asset register reports.
●Customized AR-CE Bank Reconciliation Batch Info Report.
●Used FNDLOAD to migrate Concurrent Programs and Data Definitions in Various Instances.
●Strong Knowledge in Development and Customization of Forms/Reports with sound understanding of Application Object Library (AOL).
●Zoom feature is enabled using custom.pll, and whenever user in sales order form clicks the zoom button. Its displays the discount amount calculated for that order basing on the payment terms of the order.
●Experience with Oracle Supplied Packages such as DMS_SQL and UTL_FILE.
●Expertise in System Administrator responsibility to create users, responsibilities, Values Sets and Request sets.
●Developed custom templates for the invoice reports by calling sub templates in XML/BI Publisher.
●Designed and developed custom USER APPROVAL WORKFLOW to meet the client application’s user creation and maintenance according to the business requirement.
●Concurrent programs, Request sets, forms menus and Personalization, by downloading the LDT files
●Submitted Service Request with Oracle Support in different Scenarios, for providing Solutions to the Bugs identified during Production support resolved various bugs, working in collaboration with Oracle Support.
●Developed PL/SQL scripts for validating the data and Storing the data into MTL_SYSTEM_ITEMS_INTERFACE and then populating the base tables by running the ITEM IMPORT Interface.
●Developed PL/SQL procedures, functions, packages, triggers to validate the data and insert the validate data into Oracle interface tables.
Environment: Oracle Applications R12, Oracle 10g, TOAD, AP, AR, PO, INV, GL Workflow Administrator, Forms10g and Reports10g, Discoverer 10g, UNIX, PL/SQL Developer, XML Publisher
Infovision Consultants W.W.L (Manama, Bahrain)
Role : Oracle Technical Consultant EBS-R12 (Feb-2018 to Jan-2020 - 2 Years)
Reason of leaving : Due to business shutdown of company(Bahrain Office)
●Oracle Apps Technical Consultant for upgrade and support project.
●Involved in the day to day activities of production support of Oracle applications environment in AP, PO, OM, INV, AR and GL.
●Involved in the analysis of the assigned support tickets including replicating the issue, analyzing the custom processes/API’s/reports/forms and updating the ticket with the appropriate information.
●Personalized Oracle standard and custom Forms using oracle forms builder as per the Client requirements.
●Imported new, changed and completed sales orders from legacy system to oracle using order import (order management open interface).
●Expertise in implementation of procures to pay life cycle.
●In user edition, developed various crucial financial analysis reports (for all modules) for AP/GL/OM/PO/AR using Oracle Discoverer 10g.
●Validation packages to Load data to interface tables (OE_HEADERS_IFACE_ALL, OE_LINES_IFACE_ALL, OE_CUSTOMER_INFO_IFACE_ALL)
●Customized Sales Order form using custom.pll to add customer fax, email and phone number contacts.
●Customized the existing forms with descriptive flex fields.
●Developed AP Check Printing Report to produce check file in the Oracle Accounts Payables to complete the correct formatting for checks processed from Oracle payables through check printing software.
●Experience to Design AR Invoice Report for Customer Invoice Notes with Print facility in 10g and customize the report using XML Publisher.
●Developed various Custom reports, Customized existing reports (PO Purchase Order and Releases Detail Report, Purchase Requisition Status Report) according to the functional specifications using Reports 10g and XML publisher.
●Developed custom forms to perform tasks such as creating WIP jobs, updating WIP jobs, performing WIP moves and making material transactions via writing to the appropriate interface tables and then calling the concurrent manager which processes the interface tables.
●Customized Vendor Minority Custom Report, AP Check print report, Standard Packing Slip report.
●Developed a Custom Invoice Report (PL/SQL package) for the AP Payables Manager to verify the INVOICE Duplicates from Vendors and Validate against the checks paid for the INVOICES. Used UTL_FILE utility to generate PIPE-delimited format outputs for AP team.
●Created custom templates with Data Definitions for XML Publisher and Developed reports using reports and registered as XML reports.
●Developed Master Detail forms using TEMPLATE.FMB and registered them in Oracle Application.
●Worked on the Email notification program to notify the users on recent customer creation failure in AR using Workflow Builder.
●Worked on Form Personalization in Order Management.
●Developed customer conversion program to load the customers from legacy system into Oracle EBS System by using the TCA APIs.
●Designed and developed Bill and Routing Interface by dumping the data files into the BOM base tables.
●Developed a program to load external data from legacy system into PO_HEADERS_INTERFACE and PO_LINES_INTERFACE.
●Worked on Auto Invoice Interface Program to validate and load credit memos, debit memos and invoices from legacy system.
●Developed a program to inactivate the vendors.
●Worked with Sales Order Open Interface in Order Management module to import Sales Orders from flat files.
●Developed Alerts in Inventory Module,HCM, AR & OTL.
●Worked on the Budget Upload Open Interface to load the data from legacy systems to the GL_Budget_Interface table using SQL*Loader.
●Responsible for Order import using Order Management OE_ORDER_PUB API to update sales order into respective base tables.
●Registered the Concurrent Programs, Forms, Reports and Requests Sets in AOL and System Administration.
●Extensively involved in SQL tuning, troubleshooting, debugging and fixing the code and made the changes according to the new business requirements.
Environment: Oracle Apps Financials EBS R12, GL, AR, AP, PO, INV, BOM, OM, SQL, PL/SQL, Oracle Reports 10g, BI/XML Publisher, UNIX, TOAD, Workflow.
Zahidjee Group of Textile Mills (Faisalabad, Pakistan)
Role : Oracle Technical Consultant EBS-R12 (Dec-2015 to Feb-2018 - 3 Years)
Reason of leaving: Got opportunity in International IT market.
●Developed SQL scripts to create temporary tables and developed SQL*Loader control files to load the legacy data into the tem tables.
●Worked on configuration and customization various oracle modules ( INV, AP, AR, GL) for a multi-site, multi-phase implementation
●Worked on Open Item Interface to convert Purchased Item Information from Custom Purchasing System to Oracle INV module.
●Conversion and reconciliation of Legacy AP Invoices and Payments into Oracle Applications.
●Designed Payables interface import program and interface tables to load invoices from the legacy systems into the AP base tables.
●Designed and developed Conversion scripts to convert data from 11.0.3 to 11.5.9 systems for AR Module. For the Customer related data, Scripts were developed to use the standard Customer Interface program and includes converting Customers, Addresses, Sites, Contacts, Phones, Profiles, Profile Amounts etc.
●Customized seeded reports such as Invoice print report, Commercial Invoice, Customer Invoice report, Print Selected Invoice, transaction detail report, Account Status report in AR.
●Validated the data and populated the Payables interface table by a Concurrent program which in turn submits a Payables APIs.
●Customized Invoice Register Report by appending additional columns like invoice terms, supplier site promotions cost and descriptive flex field information,custom AP Trial Balance, Developed Reconciliation Report using XML Publisher (BI Reports) Reporting Tool.
●Developed database triggers on insert or update on MTL_ITEM_CATEGORIES table to track the changes in the table.
Environment: Oracle Applications EBS 11.5.10(AP, AR, PO, INV, GL,), Oracle 9i, Workflow Builder 2.6, Developer 2000/6i, Reports 4.5, BI Publisher 5.6.2, PL/SQL, SQL*Loader, SQL*Plus, TOAD, Windows XP.
Masood Textile Mills, Pakistan
Role : Sr. Oracle PL/SQL Developer Forms/Reports (Jan-2013 to May-2015 - 2 Years)
Reason of leaving: To Learn New Technologies & Improve Skills
●I have worked on Oracle Forms & Reports (6i,10g,11g), wrote complex Functions, PL/SQL Stored Procedures, Packages, Constraints.
●I have developed complete in-house customized ERP modules (HRMS, Accounts, Manufacturing, PO Purchasig Inventory Stock).
●I used waterfall model under SDLC approach based on Analysis, System Design, Implementation, Testing and Deployment Maintenance.
Qualifications
Education
Institute
Marks/GPA
Division
Year
Training Forms & Reports (6,6i,11g) DB(9,9i)
Compete College Rex City Faisalabad
85%
A
2004-04
BCS. (Bachelor of Comp Sc.)
International College of Management Sciences. Faisalabad.
3.5
--
1999-01
Diploma in Computer Applications. (DCA)
National College of Computer Sciences. Faisalabad
76%
1st.
1995-95
Intermediate
Govt. Degree College Faisalabad.
567
1st.
1992-93
Matriculation
Govt. Rehmania High School Faisalabad
567
1st
1990-91

Personal Information
Father’s Name
Gulzar Ahmad
NIC NO.
33100-3854637-1
Nationality
Pakistani
Driving License
GCC Driving License
Marital Status
Married
Dependents
4
Religion
Islam
Languages
Urdu/English/Arabic
Interests
Books Reading, Cricket, Football, Swimming, Science & Tech Literature etc.
Contact this candidate