VenkataDurgaprasad Medisetti
E-Mail : ad53i3@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile:973-***-****

EXPERIENCE
Over 14 Years of IT experience in OBIEE/OAC/OAS Developer and Admin and having 2 and half years of experience as a Technical Team Lead in Analysis, design, development, and Implementation of OAC (Oracle Analytics Cloud) and OAS (Oracle Analytics Server-On-premises), OBIEE 12c/11g/10g, Siebel Analytics, BI Apps 7.9.6, Data modeling, POC’s, GAP analysis, HLD, LLD, Project Plan preparation.
9 years of experience in OBIA /BI Fusion Apps with expertise in Investors, Personal Business Banking, Customer Master, Finance, HR, Procurement and Spend Analytics, Booking, Shipment modules.
Closely working with users at client location i.e UAE-DUBAI- Saudi Nation Bank and Saudi Arabia -Jeddah-Branches and Exposure on Core Banking Domain.
Migrating existing reports from Samba T24 system to TCS-Bancs. And developed reports on Mortgage and Retail banking as per the customers requirement.
Good working experience in Upgrade OBIEE environments from lower version to higher versions OBIEE 10g to 11g, 10.1.3.4 to 11.1.1.5, and 11.1.1.7 to 12.2.1.1,OBIEE 11g to OACS.
Worked as an OBIEE/OAC Admin for Banking Projects.
Worked on Development as well is Support project on OBIEE 11g,12c and OAC.
Did installation and Configuration and Patching in OACS (PaaS)
Worked with different domains like Banking, Finance, Telecom, and Real-estate & Marketing in BI with Source system Oracle EBS, PeopleSoft and Siebel.
Extensively worked and developed Automated Reports and Dashboards of THE SAUDI CREDIT BUREAU (SIMAH) for Auto Loans and Credit Cards, ATM Machines, and Personal Loans etc.. at Client Location (Saudi Arabia).
Expertise of report development using BI classic, Data Visualization and Publisher in OAC.
Worked on OAC security on OCI.
Configuration, Troubleshooting and Tuning of OAC/OTBI Reports .
Did reverse Engineering for OAC Dashboards and Reports.
Worked with business groups and stakeholders in gathering user requirements and designed Functional and Technical specification documents.
Worked extensively on OBIEE Administration (RPD), OBIEE Report development and Performance tuning.
Strong experience in developing OBIEE Repository at three layers (Physical layer, BMM & Presentation layer), Security configuration (Object & Data Level privileges).
Implemented reports using Key Performance Indicator (KPI’s) also worked on reports like Map viewers.
Implemented Windows Authentication, SSO for OBIEE and configuration of SSL.
Good experience in web logic administration for system management and fusion middleware control for monitoring the java and system components.
Developed many Reports / Dashboards with different Analytics Views Drill-down / Dynamics, Pivot table, Chart, Column Selector, global filters using Analytics.
Experience in Creating Dimensional modeling of STAR, SNOWFLAKE schemas in OLAP and customizing Fact and Dimension tables as per the user requirements.
Strong in Business Model development with Dimensions, Hierarchies, Measures, Aggregation Rules and Repository variables.
Installations, Configurations, Patching, Clustering, Migration and Merging of OBIEE 12c/11g/10g in Windows and Linux Environments
Migrate the repository and presentation catalog between different environments like Dev, Test,QA and maintenance.
Deploying RPD, catalog and enabled cache parameters, performance setting and restart the OPMN services in EM.
Experience in configuring MUDE, usage tracking. Repository Sever and Presentation Server configuration changes, Cache management.
Configured Oracle BI Scheduler Configuration for Alerts / iBots(Agents).

PROJECT DETAILS

Project -1: Client SNB (Saudi National Bank-Dubai)- Formerly known as NCB (National Commercial Bank)
Organization : ITC infotech-Bangalore Dec 2022 Till Date
Role : Technical Lead Associate

Responsibilities

Working OAS/OBIEE 12c version on Windows and Linux environment.
Developed dashboards and Reports on Finance, HR, Investors and Personal and Business Banking for SNB users.
Currently UAE(Dubai)-SNB Branch using Samba T24 system for their business operation and now migrating from T24 system to TCS-Bancs. And as per the client requirement developed several reports on Finance, HR, Procurement,Credit cards, Mortgage and Retails Loans,ATM’s etc..
Working as Architect role as well as Individual Technical Developer role in the team.
Working closely with End users at client location and based on their need developed reports and Dashbaords and resolving issues which is raised by customers.
Involved into End to End design of OBIEE Development from RPD to Dashboards and Reports.
Implemented Object and Data Level security for the Personal and Business Banking customers.
Customization of RPD, Reports and Dashboards in OBIEE 12c environment.
Created & configured Repository, Session variables & Initialization Blocks.
Implemented WRITEBACK on OBIEE application as per the customer requirement.

Description: Saudi National Bank, also known as AlAhli Bank, is the largest financial institution in Saudi Arabia and UAE and this is one of the biggest finance powerhouses of the region. Founded in 1953 as the National Commercial Bank (NCB), it merged with Samba Financial Group in April 2021 and was renamed Saudi National Bank.
SNB Bank using OBIEE application for their business and providing difference facilities like Personal Banking, Business Banking, Investments, Investor Relations to the Customers of UAE.

Project -2: Cleint SNB (Saudi National Bank-Jeddah)- Formerly known as NCB (National Commercial Bank)
Organization : ITC infotech-Bangalore Jul 2021 Dec 2022 Technical Lead associate

Responsibilities

Worked on OBIEE 12c version on Windows and Linux environment.
Developed several dashboards and Reports on HR, Investors and Personal and Business Banking for SNB users.
And as per the client requirement developed Reports for THE SAUDI CREDIT BUREAU (SIMAH) Auto Loans, Credit Cards, Personal Loans etc..
Working as Architect role as well as Individual Technical Developer role in the team.
Directly interacting with SNB customers for their issues and resolve the issues which is raised by customers.
Involved into End to End design of OBIEE Development from RPD to Dashboards and Reports.
Implemented Object and Data Level security for the Personal and Business Banking customers.
Customization of RPD, Reports and Dashboards in OBIEE 12c environment.
Created & configured Repository, Session variables & Initialization Blocks.
Implemented WRITEBACK on OBIEE application as per the customer requirement.

Description: Saudi National Bank, also known as AlAhli Bank, is the largest financial institution in Saudi Arabia and one of the biggest finance powerhouses of the region. Founded in 1953 as the National Commercial Bank (NCB), it merged with Samba Financial Group in April 2021 and was renamed Saudi National Bank.
SNB Bank using OBIEE application for their business and providing difference facilities like Personal Banking, Business Banking, Investments, Investor Relations to the Customers of Saudi Arabia.

Project -3: APL Logistics(Singapore)
Organization : ITC infotech-Bangalore May 2019 –Jun 2021
Role : Technical Lead associate

Responsibilities

Working Migration from OBIEE 11g to OBIEE 12c .
APL Logistic using Legacy application and existing reports migrating from Legacy to BI 12c.
Migration of OBIEE 11.1.1.9 (RPD and Catalog) to OBIEE 12c.
Migration from OBIEE 12c to Crystal Reports (SAP)
Working on BI Publisher PDF (Document Reports)
Working on reports creation on Purchase Order, Booking, HR Modules.
Worked as individual contributor gathering all HLD and LLD documents from the client and based on the document designed TDD and Reports.
Customization of RPD, Reports and Dashboards in OBIEE 12c environment.
Developed Dashboards and Reports for Customer Master,Finance, HR, Purchase Order, Shipment, Revenue, Booking modules
Implemented Data & Object Level security along with SSO and SSL.
Created & configured Repository, Session variables & Initialization Blocks.
Worked on Proof of Concepts (POC’s).

Description: APL Logistic serving the automotive, consumer, industrials and retail verticals, as well as providing transportation as a service. The use to deliver the products like shoes with different brands to the customers those are located globally via Air,Train,Ship and Road transporation.They have APL Legacy application to track the goods status. They are migrating currently Legacy system application reports to OBIEE 12c for the Modules Booking, Finance, Purchase Order, Shipment, Master Data Management,

Project -4: Calix (US telecommunications)
Organization : TRUglobal-Bangalore Jun 2018 – Feb 2019
Role : Lead consultant

Responsibilities

Installation and configuration of OBIEE 11.1.1.9, OAC (Oracle Analytics Cloud), BI Apps, ODI in Windows / Linux in Dev,QA,Prod environments .
Migration of OBIEE 11.1.1.9 (RPD and Catalog) to OAC (Oracle Analytics Cloud).
Oracle Cloud Storage Setup in OAC.
Preparation of Migration document for Database, ETL, RPD & Reports Customizations in OAC
Customization of ETL RPD, Reports and Dashboards in OAC environment.
Data Load from ERP Cloud to Data warehouse
Validating OOTB Reports and Dashboards in OAC.
Unit testing of ETL and RPD.
Developed Dashboards and Reports for General Ledger (GL), Profitability, Payable & Receivables in Finance, Customer Master,Finance, HR, Procurement and Spend Analytics, Revenue, Booking modules
Implemented Data & Object Level security along with SSO and SSL.
Created & configured Repository, Session variables & Initialization Blocks.
Implemented OOTB reports in different modules in OAC.
Description:
Calix is a supplier of telecommunications access equipment for service providers. The company was incorporated in 1999.
Calix is a North American provider of broadband communications access systems and software for fiber- and copper-based network architectures that enable communications service providers to connect to their residential and business subscribers. Calix has shipped over eight million ports of its Unified Access portfolio to more than 900 North American and international customers, whose networks serve over 40 million subscriber lines in total.
Project -5:Prologis (US Real Estate)
Organization : Mphasis - Bangalore Jan 2014-Oct 2016
Role : Technical Lead associate

Responsibilities

Effectively interacted with the end users for requirement gathering and defined requirement specifications document and Translated Business requirements into technical requirements.
Installation and configuration of OBIEE, 11.1.1.5, 11.1.1.6 and 11.1.1.7 in Windows / Linux environments.
Upgrade OBIEE from 11.1.1.5, 11.1.1.5 to 11.1.1.7 and 11.1.1.7 to 12.2.1.1 .
Experienced to set up the clustered environments for Testing and Prod.
Applied Oracle patches to fix the existing bugs in application.
Worked with OBIA rpd, making use of the existing physical/logical objects, creating reports based on pre- built rpd.
Development of new Reports and Dashboards.
Developed Dashboards and Reports for General Ledger (GL), Profitability, Payable & Receivables in Finance Module.
Developed reports like AR,AP for Invoice aging & Balance.
Created & configured Repository, Session variables & Initialization Blocks.
Configured Object & Data Level Security.
Managing User Security system involving Authentication/Authorization.
Administered the deployment of Repository between DEV/UAT/PROD.
Periodical archive and un-archive for Web Catalog Migration between various environments
Created & Scheduled iBots to be delivered to the different group of users.
The top priority reports like Monthly Net Sales, Customer Profitability, Funds Details, Credit Summary.

Description:
Prologis is the leading owner, operator and developer of industrial real estate, focused on global and regional markets across the Americas, Europe and Asia.
Prologis embarked on a business transformation process through a large IT initiative called “Integrated Global Platform” (IGP). To support analytical requirements, this IT initiative includes delivering a robust data warehouse, BIDW, through multiple Waves.
Wave 2 and Wave 3 involved building DWBI solution around the actual and forecasted Real Estate data, sourced from Yardi Voyager and Yardi Advanced Budgeting applications.
Reports/Dashboards and KPI’s are developed using OBIEE 11g. OBIA used to implement finance analytics reports for their business and use to run incremental loads daily DAC and monitoring the jobs till it executes.

Project -6: Galliford Try, London,UK
Organization : ATOS Origin-Bangalore Jun 2011 to Aug 2012
Role : System Analyst

Responsibilities

Developed the repository model for the different work streams with the necessary logic that involved creating the Physical, BMM and the Presentation layer. Also created hierarchies, variables in the repository. Time Series Objects, Interactive Dashboards with drill-down capabilities using page and dashboard prompts, OBIEEl Security Setup (groups, object and data level), configured Analytics Metadata objects (Subject Area, Table, Column), Web Catalog Objects (Dashboard, Pages, Folders, Reports) and scheduling iBots in Answers.
Developed reports using KPI’s for OBIA-Finance reports (GL & Payable & Receivable)
Involved in the detailed design of the reports/dashboards.
Created the OBIEE environment for Development, QA and Production environment.
Implemented WRITEBACK Functionality in Reports.
Responsible for tracking tickets that are raised by the customer after testing by
Them.
Description:
Galliford Try have purchased four Oracle Business Intelligence Applications, these provide preconfigured reports for the underlying Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition (OBIEE) application. Each application consists of a large number of prebuilt reports, the reports are grouped into business areas and stored in a number of Dashboards. The Dashboards are viewed as easy to navigate tabs on the screen. As part of the initial analysis phase we have identified at a high level, any gaps that exist between the current Galliford Try reporting requirements and what is available from the out of the box Oracle Business Intelligence Application (OBIA) add-on.

Project -7: Dunkin’ Brands, Boston-USA
Organization : Blink Consulting Pvt. Ltd. Nov 2009 to May 2011
Location : offshore India, Pune
Role : OBIEE Technical Associate

Responsibilities
Created the OBIEE environment for Development, QA and Production environment.
Experience in developing OBIEE Repository (.rpd) at three layers (Physical Layer, Business Model & Presentation Layer), Time Series Objects, Interactive Dashboards with drill-down capabilities using page and dashboard prompts, Siebel Security Setup (groups, object and data level), configured Analytics Metadata objects (Subject Area, Table, Column), Web Catalog Objects (Dashboard, Pages, Folders, Reports) and scheduling iBots.
Designed Created and Tested Report in the Dashboard and created the adhoc report according to the client needs.
Reports Developed using combined request, Guided Navigations.
Implemented OBIEE security at the data and object levels.
Description:
Dunkin' Donuts is the largest coffee and baked goods chain in the world, selling more than 1 billion cups of coffee per year! Founded in 1950 in Quincy, Massachusetts. Dunkin' Donuts became famous for our many varieties of donuts and wide range of bakery products - muffins, bagels and MUNCHKINS® donut hole treats etc.This project is to build OBIEE Reports/Dashboards in version 10.1.3.4. Developed the Reports about Weekly Score Cards, Executive Daily Comp Summary for the Food products.

Project - 8: 24/7 Real Media, USA
Organization : Synechron technologies pvt Ltd Mar 2007 Nov 2009
Role : Siebel Analytics Consultant

Responsibilities
Analyzed technical requirements and used metadata design principles to design repository and followed best practices
Developed meta data repository in physical layer, business model and mapping layer and presentation layer of Siebel analytics administration tool
Created and developed several business models in business model and mapping layer in the form of star schema
Worked with join manager to create physical and logical joins in Siebel analytics administration tool
Created several reports including table view, pivot table view and chart view in Siebel answers

Description:
Open Ad Stream lets you manage all of your ad campaigns easily and efficiently in one place. It's the only ad management platform that integrates web analytics, comprehensive behavioral targeting and rich media, while allowing you to manage inventory, contracts and all of your campaigns. Open AdStream is a proactive platform with real-time reporting that gives you the transparency and visibility that you need to forecast where you're going and actively manage your inventory.

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION

MCA (Master in Computer Applications) from IGNOU Year 2005
BCA from IGNOU Year 2003

TECHNICAL Skills
OLAP Tools :
OAC,OAS, OBIEE 10g,11g,12c, BI Apps 11g,7.9.6, BICS Siebel Analytics, BI Publisher
Databases
Oracle 11g,10g, 12c,9i,MY SQL
DATA MODELLING

Dimensional Data Modelling, Star Schema, Snow-Flake Modelling,
FACT and Dimensions Tables, Physical and Logical Data Modelling.
languages
SQL,PL/SQL
OS
Windows-All Versions, UNIX
Contact this candidate