Nakita Gonzales
*** ****** *****
Pickerington, Ohio 43147
m: 512-***-****
ad5map@r.postjobfree.com
**** * **** **. *** A
Kansas City, MO 64108
m: 816-***-****
ad5map@r.postjobfree.com

Objective
To advance my career with the a leading organization that will utilize and expand upon my knowledge of interpersonal skills and organization, coupled with my life-long love of learning to contribute to a culture of respect within the City of Columbus’ Human Resource Department.
Proven talent for aligning project objectives with established and emerging paradigms to achieve maximum operational impacts with minimum resource expenditures. Growth-focused young professional with expertise spanning planning, fundraising, public speaking, grant writing and adept assessment of community needs. Exceptional teacher with keen interpersonal, communications, and resource allocation expertise.
Professional Experience
Tennyson Middle School, Waco, TX, August 2016 to May 2018
6TH GRADE SOCIAL STUDIES TEACHER
●Organized and implemented a consistent system for community, student and parental communications by establishing rapport with co-workers, students, and families through a modicum of mediums.
●Facilitated students’ social-emotional and academic growth by teaching Costa’s and AVID methods which promote self-monitoring techniques and positive study habits.
●Aligned objectives with the scope and sequence of 6th grade SS TEKS and assisted in rewriting standards for conciseness and a more fluid and thorough scope and sequence.
●Ensured classroom culture encourages student safety and positive learning outcomes.
●Collaborated with administrative committees on developing institutional policies and resolving both departmental and academic issues.
●Administer daily teaching operations, including developing curriculum, coordinating with the department head, grading, maintaining documents, organizing tutoring sessions, etc.
1-187 FSC Echo Co. 101st ABN DIV, US Army, Fort Campbell, KY, June 2013 to October 2014
FAMILY READINESS GROUP LEADER
●Became knowledgeable of unit mission, existing FRG operating procedures, structure and community resources.
●Recruiting, training, and managing volunteers and using community resources as needed.
●Organizing unit level readiness groups
●Tracking and recording volunteer hours, maintained contact up-to-date contact information of Soldiers, addresses, telephone numbers, and e-mail addresses of all family members, including extended family members of single soldiers.
●Attending and chairing FRG meetings at Company and Battalion levels, public speaking and engagement of 50-250+ families
●Ensuring communication is maintained among members
●Coordinating with community resources to provide training for FRG members
●Maintaining communication with the Commander and/or unit Point of Contact (POC) Identifying family members' concerns and relating those concerns to unit leadership.
Georgia National Guard, US Army, Fort Winder, GA, April 2011 to May 2012
PRIVATE FIRST CLASS / ROTC CADET
●Assisted Cadre to teach RSP Soldiers fundamentals and test physical abilities prior to Basic Combat training as ROTC Cadet
Montague Village Elementary, Killeen, TX, August 2010 to May 2011
SPECIAL EDUCATION AIDE
●Guided the social development of students on the Autism spectrum through ABA therapy techniques that reduce target behaviors, including scripting, manding, and echoics.
●Demonstrated expertise in adaptive PE, manding, scripting, echoics, ABC’s of ABA
●Advanced personal knowledge through Non-Violent Crisis Intervention CPI training.
●Researched issues in collaboration with colleagues, designing unit and lesson plans and adapting teaching methods and instructional materials to meet students' varying needs, abilities, and interests.
●Strengthened relationship with parents by answering questions, resolving concerns, providing updates on students’ progress and behavior, and collaborating on customized development solutions.
Education and Credentials
Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) in Political Science, 2014
Austin Peay State University, Clarksville, TN
Certifications

●Texas State Board of Educator Certification 2014
oContent Areas: Early Childhood – 6th Grade, Special Education
Accomplishments

●Lowe’s Hometown Heroes Grant Recipient of $17,000 to renovate portable building 2017
●EC Region 12 Grant Finalist $7,500 for Innovative Technology Virtual Reality Grant 2018
Professional Affiliations

●National Conference of State Legislators (2017)
●Texas Classroom Teacher Association Member (2011 – Present)
●International Society for Technology in Education (2016 — Present)
Volunteerism

●Campaign for Jim Durrett for Muskogee County Mayor (January 2014 — September 2014)
●Kennedy Law Firm Intern, Clarksville, Tennessee (April 2014 — October 2014)
●Family Readiness Group Leader (August 2013 — September 2014)
Kirkersville Elementary School (August 2018 — May 2019)
Additional Information

Languages: English
Technical Proficiencies: Microsoft Office Suite, Windows, PiEMS/TEAMs, Mac OS, routers, LAN, wireless LAN, Microsoft Exchange, Active Directory, Microsoft Project, Adobe

References available upon request
Contact this candidate