Todd Martin

Norton, MA ***** • 617-***-**** • ad5q0r@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Summary
Dedicated Technical Consultant adept at cultivating long-term partnerships with clients. Knowledgeable in Cloud/Virtual technologies, server hardware, OS, backup, replication, and networking. Successful career history comprising more than 20 years.
Skills
OS: Ubuntu, CentoOS, RedHat, WindowsX
Tools: GitLab, GitHub, Jenkins, PowerShell, Bash, Salesforce, Jira, SCCM, Terraform, Scrum
Backup and Disaster Recovery including Netbackup, Zerto, Avamar, Networker, Power Protect Data Manager, Data Domain and Commvault.
Technical Writing
Product Development
Replication: SRDF/A, Recoverpoint
Storage: NetAPP, EMC, DELL
MS Office 365
Database: postgresql, mssql
Software integration
Virtualization Technologies: AWS, Azure, VMware, Linode, KVM
Cybersecurity: SIA, Device Posture, EAA, Zero Trust, SD-WAN, Cyber Sense, Cyber Recovery
Presentations and public speaking
Network Administration: Cisco, TCP/IP, ISCSI, NAS, SAN
User Training
Work History
Technical Consultant, 11/2023 to Current
Vahalla Consulting – Boston
Review AWS/Azure/VMware environments for optimal cost effectiveness.
Administrate Office 365, DNS and Active Directory.
Architect, Configure and Administer Backup(NetBackup, Commvault, Networker, PPDM, Avamar and Data Domain)
Oversee PowerProtect Cyber Recovery, CyberSense logs and replication
Optimize the Cyber Vault components to ensure a smooth run state
Perform necessary upgrades to environment
Assess business requirements with application owners, engineering, and operational teams .
Educate stakeholders on data protection tactics to reduce breaches.
Sr. Technical Marketing Engineer, 12/2019 to 01/2024
Akamai Technologies – Cambridge, MA
Manage and maintain Virtual Environments including VMware, Azure and AWS worldwide
Project Lead to create Zero Trust demo environments in AWS, MS Azure and Linode Cloud world wide
Created engaging content for product documentation, webinars, and blog posts to effectively communicate product value propositions.
Developed marketing strategies for new products, resulting in increased sales and brand recognition.
Update and test applications against Akamai Products
Collaborated with leadership staff to determine appropriate budgets.
Provided expert guidance during technology selection processes, contributing significantly to informed decisions that supported long-term business objectives.
Principal Marketing Engineer, 01/2011 to 01/2019
EMC – Hopkinton, MA
Provide support for Worldwide EMC Sales force on core EMC Backup and Replication Technologies
Present demos and POC's for EMC customer base and events.
Optimized marketing campaigns for maximum ROI, utilizing data-driven insights.
Created DPA-AK that allowed sales to move POC's from months to weeks.
Manage and deploy labs used to test out Backup technologies and Replication within Virtual Environemnts.
Liaison to Engineering, Marketing, Support and Account teams.
Sr. Technical Consultant, 01/2006 to 01/2011
EMC – Hopkinton, MA
Worked with customers and engineers to assess needs and requirements
Deployed EMC applications and hardware within customer data centers. This included backup and replication technologies.
Enhanced software performance by identifying and resolving technical issues for numerous clients.
Implemented customized solutions, resulting in improved system efficiency and client satisfaction.
Created integration lab that included Netbackup, Comvault, Networker, Data Domain, Avamar for backup.
Global Program Manager for Backup and Recovery, 01/2004 to 01/2006
EMC – Hopkinton, MA
Managed development, delivery and support of backup and recovery assessments and solutions that annually reached 10 million dollars
Delivered presentations on EMC services and products
Conveyed field readiness to upper management in monthly reports
Managed team of engineers to create Disaster Recovery and Backup assessments
Involved in Strategic Alliance with sub-contractors for cost effective solutions.
Identified opportunities for process improvement, resulting in enhanced operational efficiency and cost savings.
Reported regularly to managers on project budget, progress, and technical problems.
Education
Massachusetts College of Art
Contact this candidate