DONNELL R. WARREN

***** ******* **** **, **** Elsiore, CA 92530

951-***-**** ad65hb@r.postjobfree.com

TECHNICAL SALES CONSULTANT
Delivering Value and Technical Expertise

PROFILE
Experienced, goal-oriented Telecom and Wireless sales Professional with proven success in delivering telecommunication services, sales, support, and programming in a variety of environments, as well as valuable Information Technology (IT) experience. Dependable, driven professional with experience in network design, consultation sales of VoIP, Multi-Protocol Label Switching (MPLS), and SDWAN. Adept at VoIP implementation with Nortel, Cisco, and Avaya equipment, as well as wireless networking.

Self-starter with excellent, assertive sales style, troubleshooting skills, and the ability to prioritize tasks and organize workflow to maximize efficiency. Accomplishes project objectives without supervision, and consistently earns the confidence of both client and internal representatives through the delivery of superior support before, during, and after the project has been completed.

Uses passion for information and new technologies to continually improve customer experience. Technically savvy and a quick study in emerging technology, able to quickly assess and utilize the appropriate response to meet the specific needs of the business requirement at hand.

Experienced at planning and developing innovative solutions to address a variety of technical issues, meet or exceed sales expectations, and provide superior customer satisfaction. A focused professional adept at meeting project goals on time and within budget.

CORE COMPETENCIES
Sales • Customer Relationship Management • Telecom • Wireless Communications • Troubleshooting
Managed Internet Service • DS-3 • OC-3 • Technical Support • Service Level Agreements
Multi-Protocol Label Switching (MPLS) • VoIP Implementation • Nortel • Cisco • Avaya
Network Design Consultation • WAN • Windows 98 / NT • Microsoft Office Suite
Closer • Optiman • VDNA • IP Flex Reach • Sonnet • DSL • ISDN • R-LAN
Wireless Networking • Asynchronous Transfer Mode (ATM) • Frame Relay
FRATM • Gigaman • OC-3 / OC- 12 / OC-48, Dedicated T-3 / T-1 Transport Service’s

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Verizon Temecula, CA 2012-Present
Territory Account Manager, providing consultative sales support, technical sales, and customer support services to a variety of clients in the small to Medium and Enterprise space, including Verizon FIOS, Cloud Services, VoIP, Voice and Data Services. ( 2011- 2012 Independent Contractor for 20/20 Companies a Verizon Certified Wireless Reseller.

Mobile Rainmakers Temecula, CA 2011- 2012
Regional Sales Manager- Mobile Optimization and Web development sales- Murrieta- Temecula Valley

AT&T Anaheim, CA 2005-2010
Technical Sales Consultant II, Preferred Sales Center
Provided accurate, dependable technical data support to 16 Senior Account Executives. Delivered training and support for data sales for numerous clients. Go-to information source for clients requiring pricing information and technical support.

Donnell R. Warren Page 2

AT&T continued

Maintained continuous, productive communications with CEOs, CFOs, IT Directors, and small-to-medium size business owners, as well as internal AT&T engineers nationwide.

Highly effective at closing complex data sales throughout contiguous United States.

Generated weekly reports for Sales Management and Leadership Team.

Coached and mentored Account Executives.

Technical Sales Executive II, Alternate Channels – Data Services Program 1999-2005
Provided data-intensive sales support for range of simple to complex designs. Supported five Agent Sales Managers and 44 Value-Added Resellers (VARs). Provided pricing, circuit design, technical support, and training.

Supported sale of two OC-3c circuits to SBC / Pacific Bell, and completed OC-192 project worth more than $3,000,000.

Garnered $2,600,000 in new revenue in single year.

Closed more than $5,000,000 in new sales.

PREVIOUS CAREER HISTORY
Delivered at a high level as a Testing Technician, Splicing Technician, Systems Technician, Outside Plant Technician, and Services Technician for AT&T. Also served as Interior Communications Electrician, Mark 19 and Mark 23 Gyrocompass Technician, and Phone System Technician on U.S.S. Wabash nuclear submarine in Long Beach, California, earning an Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science, Business Management University of Redlands Redlands, CA

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
National Center for Technology Innovation (NCTI) Broadband Technology / Class A Driver License
Data Evolution for the New Millennium (DENM) Graduate – Pac-Bell Training
Mark 19 and 23 Gyrocompass – United States Navy

CERTIFICATION
FCC Ruling Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI) Certification
Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) Anticipated completion 2011

PROFESSIONAL RECOGNITION
BCS Sales Operations Summit Award for Outstanding Achievement in High-end Data Sales – AT&T West.
President’s Club Award – AT&T Data Services South
Outstanding Achievement as Data Testing Technician
Best in the State as Data Testing Technician
Outstanding Work Performance – AT&T
Contact this candidate