PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

Having Over ** Years of IT experience in ERP implementation and Enterprise Applications Practice with proven experience in Design, Development, Implementation, Customization, Support/Maintenance and Upgradation of Oracle Applications E-business Suite R12 & 11i. Customer oriented, multitasking professional with excellent analytical, logical and communication skills.

Oracle Apps / E-Business Suite: 11i & R12

Involved in 6 Full life-cycle implementations of Oracle E-Business Suite
Involved in upgrades from 11i to R12 and R12.2.5 to 12.2.7
Proficient in Functional and technical aspects of Inventory (INV), Order Management (OM), Shipping (WSH), Account Receivables (AR), Cash Management (CM), Purchasing (PO), Payables (AP), GL Modules (GL), Fixed Assets (FA) and Oracle Projects (PA), Manufacturing modules (BOM, WIP, QA).
Expert in various Oracle Modules and process flow - Financial (GL, AR, AP, CM, FA, SLA), Supply Chain Management (SCM) Modules, Oracle Distributions (Purchasing (PO), Inventory, Order Management (OM) and Shipping (WSH), OTC, Warehouse Management System (WMS), Trading Community Architecture (TCA), Oracle Service Contracts(OKS), Oracle Discrete Manufacturing (WIP, BOM, MRP, QA), Knowledge of Oracle Product Hub, Knowledge of Oracle Projects, Oracle HRMS, E-Business Tax, Alert Manager (ALM), Sys Admin, Workflow, AME (Approval Management Engine), OAF, WEBADI and AOL.
Trained in Oracle Fusion Cloud Technical
Exposure to Oracle Retail Suite (ReIM, RMS9 and RMS14, SIM)
Implemented Order to Cash (OTC) and Procure to Pay (PTP), Manufacturing (WIP, BOM) and Finance modules.
Expertise in AIM and OUM Methodology.
Knowledge of Web Center, Control-M Job setup and scheduling.
Working Knowledge of Service Now, JIRA Ticketing systems, IBM GSD, SVN Version Control System and Code migration tools of DevOps like Quest STAT, GIT, Jenkins.
Used Agile methodologies like Scrum, Kanban in various projects.
Oracle Tools/Components:
Oracle Forms, Reports, SQL*Plus, SQL*Loader, Oracle Workflow, XML Publisher, Unix Shell Scripting, JDeveloper, OAF Personalization and Customizations. Knowledge of Control-M Job Scheduler, WEBADI, ODI, OBIEE, SOA, BPEL, Webservices (REST, SOAP), Web Center and DevOps tools Quest STAT.

Misc.: JIRA, GIT, SVN Version control system, Service-Now, GSD, TSRM, SQL Navigator, Toad, MS VSS, Smart FTP, MS Visual Basic, MS Access, Putty,

Languages:

SQL & PL/SQL, Java, HTML / XML

OS:
UNIX (Sun/Solaris), LINUX, MS-Windows & MS-DOS

Projects

Project Profile: Development and Support
Employer: Sensata Technologies (Mar 2022 – 31-May-2024)
Role: Oracle Data Conversion Specialist (Business Systems Analyst)
Environment: Oracle EBS R12.2.6 and Oracle EPM Cloud

Analyze the Business Day to day EBS data and present articulated and effective information for managerial Decisions.
Support business activities by providing information from the Oracle EBS application modules to users to perform their day-to-day activities.
E-Business System is integrated with many other applications hence the data flow between all these entities is regularly monitored for proper functioning. Customizations and enhancements are required on demand.
E-Business Suite in Sensata involves various modules like Inventory, Order to Cash, Procure to Pay, SCM, Purchasing, Order Management, Receivables, General Ledger.
Use Technical skills and tools like SQL, PL/SQL, Oracle Application Framework (OAF), Oracle EBS Modules Knowledge, Conversion Tools, Oracle Workflow, Shell Scripts, oracle Reports, Forms, OAF personalization, Chainsys Conversion Tool, XML, etc. to support the Business.
To communicate with various stake holders, end users and SMEs providing solutions from application (EBS) as per their requirement.
Resolving issues with strict adherence to timelines
Lead team and support them to achieve the targets on time.

Project Profile: Development and Integration Project - Oracle EBS R12 Finance and SCM
Client: Cisco through Larsen & Toubro Infotech (LTI), USA (Nov 2021 – Mar 2022)
Role: Oracle EBS Developer
Environment: Oracle EBS R12.2.5, SVN, Linux

Working on integrations from Oracle EBS ERP to third party Applications like Pega.
Developed various PL/SQL packages and scripts for Items, Assets, Item Cost Conversions, Order Management conversions.
Developing customizations, interfaces, forms and reports using different tools like Oracle Forms and Reports, Oracle SQL, PL/SQL, XML Publisher, SQL Loader, UNIX Shell Scripting, Oracle Application Object Library (AOL).
Used the version control system SVN as per client requirement.
Developed Oracle Reports, xml publisher reports, Custom Forms, Test Cases and Conduct unit testing.
Client specific standards are followed in development, documentation, test cases preparation, Code reviews, using tools like Fortify for security standards and practices throughout the software development life cycle (SDLC).

Project Profile: Development, Upgrade and Rollout of Oracle EBS R12 SCM, Finance and Manufacturing
Client: Dana Corp through Accenture (Jan 2021 – Oct 2021)
Role: Oracle EBS Developer
Environment: Oracle EBS R12.2.7, ERP Manager, Jenkins, SVN, Linux

Working on Conversions and Interfaces
Developed various Conversion scripts for Items, On-hand Quantities, Item Cost Conversions, BOM Conversions. Developed Interfaces for Item Cost, inbound AR interface from GETPAID to EBS.
Developing customizations, interfaces, forms and reports using different tools like Oracle Forms and Reports, Oracle SQL, PL/SQL, XML Publisher, SQL Loader, UNIX Shell Scripting, Oracle Application Object Library (AOL).
Worked with version control system SVN and Migration tools ERP Manager and Jenkins as per client requirement.
Developed Oracle Reports, xml publisher reports, Custom Forms, Test Cases and Conduct unit testing.
Client specific standards are followed in development, documentation, test cases preparation, Code reviews, using tools like Fortify for security standards and practices throughout the software development life cycle (SDLC).
Project Profile: Development and Production Support of Oracle EBS R12 SCM, HRMS, Finance
Client: King County, Seattle, WA. (Jun 2020 – Dec 2020)
Role: Oracle EBS Developer
Environment: Oracle EBS R12.2.7, SOA, BPEL, Linux, STAT

Developing customizations, interfaces, OAF personalization, forms and reports using different tools like Oracle Forms and Reports, Oracle SQL, PL/SQL, Oracle Workflow Builder, XML Publisher, Oracle Application Framework (OAF), SQL Loader, UNIX Shell Scripting, Oracle SOA with BPEL, Webservices (REST/SOAP), System Administration, Oracle Application Object Library (AOL).
King County has the E-Business System integrated with many other systems using SOA. Involved in routine audits of these systems and software and troubleshoot performance issues with components in EBS like BPEL and Workflow.
Support activities include resolving production support tickets on daily basis.
Developed Oracle Reports, xml publisher reports, Custom Forms, Test Cases and Conduct unit testing.
Involved in Custom development projects and application patches, applying standard development practices throughout the software development life cycle (SDLC).
Participating in Code Reviews, ensuring compliance to development standards and best practices followed by client.
Testing SOA interfaces as part of post patch support
Project Profile: Roll out Project, Development and Production Support in Oracle EBS R12 Finance
Client: Marsh & McLennan, Hoboken, NJ. (Jun 2019 – May 2020)
Role: Oracle EBS Technical Lead
Environment: Oracle EBS R12.1.3

Marsh and McLennan is a financial organization with its business spread in 40 plus countries. There are many associated organizations from which data flows into Oracle EBS, involving heavy customizations. Being a Technical Lead and Sr. Oracle Applications Developer, coordinated with offshore team apart from working hands-on, on the existing customizations as well as developing new custom objects.
Worked on integrating data from legacy system to oracle EBS related to Journal import process. This also involves custom programs to map the accounting structure from legacy to oracle EBS.
Worked on Single Instance Project, which constitutes the development/remediating the custom objects such as interfaces, workflow objects, forms and OAF personalization and reports to merge two EBS system entities into one.
Handling production support issues and Troubleshooting performance issues.
Project Profile: Development and Production Support of Oracle EBS R12 SCM, HRMS, Finance
Client: King County, Seattle, WA. (Apr 2018 – Mar 2019)
Role: Oracle EBS Developer
Environment: Oracle EBS R12.2.7, SOA, BPEL, Linux, STAT

Day to day production Support
Developed Oracle Reports, xml publisher reports, Test Cases and Conduct unit testing.
Worked on issues related to shared HR Interface to troubleshoot data flow from PeopleSoft to EBS HR Foundation.
Developed Fix scripts to mitigate duplicate data issues in HR Setup data and employee data.
Developed a SOA based interface using web service SOAP request for AR called as “Side system Invoice Validation Call” to serve as an outbound interface to provide invoice updates from receivables. Agencies will use this interface data to update their side system with EBS invoice details.
Project Profile: Production Support of R12 SCM, HRMS, Finance and Oracle Retail Suite (Invoice Management)
Client: Nordstrom, Seattle, WA. (Nov 2016 – March 2018)
Role: Oracle Support Engineer
Environment: Oracle EBS R12, ReIM, RMS14, SIM, Unix, Control-M

Worked in EBS R12 Order to Cash, Procure to Pay, Finance, and Oracle Retail Invoice Management in Production support and Development.
Worked on Daily production issues related to OM, AR, PO, AP, GL, troubleshooting issue, interacting with business users, requirement gathering for new developments, preparing documentation for new developments, preparing test plans, performing unit tests, following development standards throughout SDLC etc., were part of work.
Worked on debugging production issues of importing purchase orders and Payable invoices.
Developed custom program to import sales orders using sales order API.
Performed form customizations and personalization as per business and functional requirements.
Developed and customized many xml publisher reports for Payables and Receivable modules including preparation of test cases and unit testing of developed objects.
Performed code reviews, peer reviews and utilized best practices
Involved in utilizing TIBCO web service to integrate EBS and other systems.
Working on Control-M Batch job Scheduler to schedule Jobs.

Project Profile: Production Support ERP R12.2.4
Client: COX Enterprises, Inc., Atlanta, GA (Through Accenture) – (Aug 2016 – Oct 2016)
Perform trouble shooting production issues (Day to Day production Support) and provide technical and techno-functional support for existing oracle E-Business modules.
Analyze support tickets related to Oracle Projects (PA), General Ledger (GL), Oracle Receivables (AR), Cash Management (CM) and Order Management (OM), iExpenses, etc.
Actively involved in system Administration, Application Object Library (AOL), Oracle Workflow Administration related works and issues.
Created custom OA Pages using JDeveloper and extended pages using OA Personalization.
Worked on creating interfaces, custom Oracle Forms and Reports, xml reports and shell Scripts
Worked on debugging issues arising during the data flow between the Integrated Systems. E-Business System is integrated with other systems using Oracle SOA. Integration programs include third party software such as, Atlas to Oracle, WEB Center Capture, Verifier and Imaging.

Project Profile: Implementation and Postproduction Support of ERP R12.1.3
Client: AWR Group (Al-Rostamani), Dubai, UAE (Apr 2015 – Jun 2016)
Al-Rostamani Group (AWR Group) operates in several industries including automobiles sales and service, real estate, logistics, IT, Trading, Manufacturing of luxury and retail items. Lumina are one of the subsidiary company of AWR, which is involved in manufacturing of lighting equipment.
Technical work involved in implementation of Finance (GL, AR, AP, CM), O2C, Distribution and Manufacturing modules (PO, INV, OM, WMS, WIP, BOM, MRP, QA and Shipping).
Developed Oracle migrations scripts for Oracle AP (Suppliers, Open Invoices), INV (Item), AR (Customer master, AR Open invoices, Receipts API), CE APIs (Bank, Brach, Bank Account), GL (Journal import), Interface, BOM (Master Data for BOM and Routings) and WIP (Jobs).
Developed custom form to handle item segment codification.

Project Profile: Support and Rollout of ERP R12.1.2
Client: Petrofac Information Services. (Mar 2014 – Mar 2015)
This implementation consists of HCM, Finance (AR, AP, GL, CM) Projects, Purchasing, Manufacturing and Distribution Inventory modules (OTC, PO, INV, OM, WMS, WIP, BOM, MRP, QA and Shipping).
Worked on Payable Open interface import program to create invoices from external system into AP Invoice tables.
Customized workflows for requisition approval process, HRMS leave approval process as per business requirement. Worked on migrations and interfaces for the roll out to Malaysian operating unit.
Custom objects worked on includes Form Personalization, Extensions, Reports, shell scripts
Worked with OBIEE team in creating numerous views for development of OBIEE reports for finance reporting. Performance tuned various Oracle views utilized in OBIEE.

Project Profile: Implementation of R12.1.3
Client: Essel Infra Projects Ltd. (Jun 2013 – Mar 2014)
This implementation consists of Purchasing, Inventory, Order Management, Project Contracts and Finance modules (GL, AR, AP).
The Customer Care and Billing (CC&B), MDM, WAM modules of Oracle Utilities was integrated with E-Business Suite.
Worked on Conversion of Oracle EBS item, customer, supplier, purchase order, sales order and invoices.
Work involved requirement gathering, data mapping, data templates creation, guiding the technical team on data migration for Oracle Utilities, Data Migration for E-Business Suite

Project Profile: Oracle Support and Development (R12)
Client: Trans-Asia Ltd, (Aug 2013 – Nov 2013)
Worked on Customizations in PO Approval Workflow and Quote Approval Pages
Also, worked on customizing Leave approval workflow as per the client requirement.
Customized OAF page for Oracle Quotes.

Project Profile: End to End Implementation and Support Project (R12.1.3)
Client: PWANI Oil Products, Kenya. (Jun 2012 – May 2013)
This implementation consists of Purchasing, Distribution, Inventory, Manufacturing and Finance modules (GL, AR, AP, CM, PO, INV, OM, OTC, TCA, WMS, MES, WIP, BOM, MRP, QA and Shipping).
Technical work involved Data migration, Conversions, Oracle project discussion, development of forms and Custom Objects, Reports development and postproduction support.
Worked on CE Bank Statements import and reconciliation using SWIFT940.
Custom objects developed includes Average Cost Update program, Sales order Import, EFT Payment Instructions, Sub-Distribution (Drop Ship) program, Program to Integrate Weigh Bridge with Oracle Application and a custom program to maintain Import/Export Sales Information (TREO) for Kenya Revenue Authority (KRA).
Developed custom program in Receivables to create Credit and Debit Memos against specific invoices for star dealers to handle client’s Sub-Distribution process (Drop Ship).

Project Profile: Development and Support. (R12)
Client: SASTRA, India. (Mar 2012 – May 2012)
Work constitutes of OAF Personalization and Workflow customization. Purchase Order Notification and Purchase Requisition Notifications are to be customized as per client requirement.
Enabling DFF in Purchase Order form and displaying the fields in the Purchase notification was another extension work performed. Designed custom Job/Position PO approval workflow processes.

Project Profile: Development of Oracle Reports, Extensions and Interfaces
Client: Al-Shirawi, Dubai. (Dec 2011 – Feb 2012)
Performed the role of Offshore Team Lead as well as involved in the development work. Maintaining the status reports and participating in the internal status meetings to review the work progress, etc.

Project Profile: Upgrade Project from 11i to R12
Client: Intelligroup. (Now NTT Data). (Sep 2011 – Nov 2011)
The objective of Team was to identify the custom objects in 11i which needs to be remediated, analyse the custom objects, remediate them as per requirement and migrate them to R12 Instance.
Remediated various custom objects such as reports, forms, workflows, packages and other custom programs in GL, AR, AP, OM, PO, INV, MFG and other modules.

Project Profile: Support and Development of ERP 11i
Client: Al-Shirawi, Dubai. (May 2011 – Aug 2011) (Overlapping dates with previous Project)
Developed numerous custom extensions in Finance, O2C and P2P modules as per client requirements.
Performed the role of on-site co-ordinator. Sending Project Weekly Status, attending weekly status meetings, Requirement gathering, performing gap fit analysis, designing modules and documentation.

Project Profile: Rollout and Development Project for R12 Finance and Purchasing Modules.
Client: TAGHLEEF Industries LLC, Dubai. (Jan 2011 – Aug 2011)
This project is rollout of Oracle Applications R12 Finance (GL, AR, AP, CE), Order Management and Purchasing Modules. Also, It involves new implementation of Manufacturing and distribution modules (PO, INV, OTC, OM, MES, WMS, WIP, BOM, MRP, QA and Shipping) to one of the Sites.
Developed scripts for Master and Transactional data migration for Item, Customer, Supplier and Invoices. Developed multiple interfaces, Conversions and reports.
Developed Extension program for Average Cost Update of Layer costing method.
Involved in design and development of a program to import discrete job information from legacy to Oracle Application to create jobs, complete jobs.

Project Profile: Extensions in ERP 11i CRM
Client: Aljomaiah Automotive Company, Dammam, Saudi Arabia. (May 2010 – Dec 2010)
Worked on design and development of interfaces between various Third-party applications - FICO CDA (Capstone Decision Accelerator). Created numerous Reports

Project Profile: Support and Development in ERP 11i
Client: Flowserve, Europe. (May 2008 – Jun 2009)
Support Related Development for Finance and SCM Modules of Flowserve- Pumps Division-Global Enterprise Shared Services. Design and Development Work for Change Requests raised by Support Team.

Project Profile: Support and Development in ERP 11.5.10
Client: PR Newswire, New Jersey, USA. (Jul 2006 – Sep 2007)

Project Profile: Support and Development 11.5.10
Client: IGTL, Texas, USA. (Jan 2006 – Jun 2006)

Project Profile: Implementation of 11i in Finance, SCM and Manufacturing Modules. (Mar 2004 – Dec 2005)
Client: Dresser Valves, Coimbatore, India
Client: Sharada Terry Products, Coimbatore, India
Client: Continental Engines, Bhiwadi, India

Academics:

1.GNIIT Software Engineering Diploma from National Institute of Information Technology (NIIT) - (2000)
2.PG Diploma in Plastics Processing Technology from Central Institute of Plastics Engineering and Technology (CIPET) – 1997
3.Bachelor of Sciences from Osmania University - 1996
Contact this candidate