MOHAMMAD EHSAN ALI
South Ockendon RM***SR
Mobile: +44-779*-****** (UK)
Email: ad7fd0@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIN: https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohammad-ehsan-ali-67a0172/

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

A highly experienced network consultant with over 20 years proven experience within the Information and Communication Technology (ICT) and broadcasting industry. Supplying solutions-based network design and implementation to key clients and stakeholders across the sector using up-to-date technologies.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

In-depth knowledge of development, end to end testing and support for Customer Premises Equipment / HUB.
In depth knowledge of Access Networks (FTTC- Fibre to the Cabinet, FTTP-Fibre to the home and GPON).
Working knowledge of design, installation, integration, and support of Dense wavelength-division multiplexing (DWDM) Networks and Synchronous optical networking (SONET) Networks.
Working knowledge of design, integration, and support of MPLS Networks.
In-depth knowledge of Fibre optics planning and design. Optical network budgeting, optical network integration, optical network survey for Outside Plant, Point of Presence, cabinets and Network Access Points
Design, Integration, configuration, and support of wireless system (CISCO, ARUBA) and Digital Voice systems.
Design and integration of iBMS over FTTP.
Structural cabling for multi discipline (Backbone, horizontal, OSP, racks)
Working experience and knowledge of the integration of data networks.
Basic knowledge of Special Airport Systems.
Ongoing skills development: AWS Solution Architect (associate)

KEY SKILL AND ATTRIBUTES

Internal and external stakeholder management.
Vendor Management.
Network assurance and testing.
Technical Contracts (wayleaves, Service Level Agreement (SLA), 3rd party technical support, co-location.
Programme management, Application management, Service Transition management and service operations.
Technical document writing.
Produced Bill of Material & Bill of Quantity schedule.

CAREER HIGHLIGHTS

BRITISH TELECOM Lead CPE consultant Ipswich March 2019 to May 2024
Provided consultancy to various engineering and INLIFE hub project to support more than 6 million broadband users.

BRITISH TELECOM Technical Design Consultant Ipswich September 2016 - December 2016
During my time contracting with BT, I provided Wireless LAN Implementation plans for 350 branches across the United Kingdom for Lloyds banking group.

ATKINS (UK) ICT Consultant London January 2011 to July 2012
During my time contracting with ATKINS UK, I provided a complete high level and low-level solution of the airlines WLAN (wireless Lan) system to enable over 45 million Wi-Fi users in the first year and provide the capability to accommodate up to 80 million additional users the following year. This included all the compliance and technical engineering documentation in accordance with the client’s specification. I also provided the design and demarcation points on CAD for 1300 wireless access points. Provided design solution for CISCO Mobility Access Gateway (MAG) support for seamless handover with 3G/4G cellular networks, Intrusion Detection System (WIDS) and Wireless Intrusion Prevention System (WIPS), Real Time Locating System (RTLS).

WATEEN TELECOM Manager FTTX Networks Lahore February 2007 – November 2008
During my time contracting with Wateen, I provided end-to-end design and support for FTTC and FTTH services to support 20k multipurpose dwellings. I also provided the design for civil infrastructure and cabling connectivity for single family units (SFUS) and multi-dwelling units (MDU).

WORK EXPERIENCE

BRITISH TELECOM – IPSWICH UK
Lead CPE Consultant - Engineering / In Life Division CPE March 2019 to May 2024
Working within the engineering division I was responsible as the lead technical consultant for the development of the engineering and In-life projects that were central to the home hub development team.
Key Responsibilities:
provides technical leadership within the service team, making sure that the technical direction and delivery of project based technical solutions are consistent and aligned to standards, reference architectures, and roadmaps.
Providing support to the delivery manager and the technical project teams, to ensure the development remained in line with business requirements.
Provided framework and implemented various processed for Quality Assurance and gatekeeping for device and service quality.
Create technical CPE test plans and generate test reports, for hardware and software for engineering and test teams.
Provided Proof of Concepts (PoC) for various add on features including benefits, assessment methodology, resourcing, and delivery.
Adaptability to various software development methodologies including Agile using JIRA tool
SQL (basic) scripting for data analysis.
Log Analysis using LINUX and basic Python scripting.
Technical skills used: Risk Management, smart framework, management, Technical Delivery Management, Vendor Management and working knowledge of Home Gateway Standards (Home Gateway standards including, but not restricted to: IPv4/IPv6, PPP, IPoE, UPnP / Multicast, IPSEC, TR181/TR069, TR181)
SKY UK – Brentwood UK
CPE Test Consultant August 2018 to February 2019

Working within CPE testing and integration team, providing consultancy to develop testing methodologies for a design various hardware including home gateway and booster.
Key Responsibilities:
Defining testing methodology to test VoIP implementation for home gateway
Development of TR-069 test cases.
Perform testing to audit hardware/software functionality of devices in the product lifecycle.
Troubleshoot performance and protocol issues found in development through diagnostic log capture and analysis.
Experienced in test cases repository i.e. Quality Centre and JIRA.
Technical skills used: VoIP, DSL, Wireshark, CLI, AXE-10 for VoIP,
VODAFONE - Dublin, IRELAND
Senior Test Engineer October 2017 to August 2018

Working in Fixed Network domain for development, specification, and design of embedded CPE, particularly within the home gateway space.
Key Responsibilities:
Defining and implementation of CPE device test plans.
Development of testing of embedded CPE hardware and software.
Hardware testing for assurance of various
Hardware testing for VOIP services, protocols and test diagnostics (TR104, SIP and DECT).

Technical skills used: DSL, WAN, LAN, VoIP, TR-069,

UL VS LTD – Basingstoke, UK
RF Engineer May 2017 to August 2017

Working within UL as an RF consultant, my responsibility was to provide the consultancy to measure Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), that is the unit of measurement for radio frequency (RF) absorbed by the body when using a wireless device. The aim is to verify that a device does not exceed a Countries established RF exposure limits.

BRITISH TELECOM – Ipswich, UK
Technical Design Consultant September 2016 to December 2016

Working within the BT Design Hub (system research centre), my contractual responsibility was to provide the design and technical solutions for banking within a commercial environment. I was responsible for the data fill activity which configured the parameters needed to generate network configurations.
Key Responsibilities:
Wireless LAN Implementation plans for 350 branches across the United Kingdom for Lloyds banking group. As part of my assignment, I implemented a new application for the front desk, campus AP migration to new AP groups and provided and implementation plan to mitigate WLAN controller configuration discrepancies for Branch and Campus controllers across the banking infrastructure.
Provided the consultancy to change the QoS configurations to improve the packet loss for HSBC Vietnam and Indonesia
Provided design solutions to manage the Network As A Service (NAAS) and Time As A Service (TAAS) across WDM network and its integration with existing OSS and BSS.
Contributed to the preparation of LLD, Telecom plans and configuration for migration of Ethernet First Mile (EFM) circuits for Santander Bank.

Technical skills used: CISCO routers, Wireless, Meraki, IP Ethernet QoS, NMS, EFM.

HUAWEI – Reading, UK
Access Network Consultant (Pre-Sales) March 2016 to May 2016

Working for HUAWEI enterprise within the service delivery and support group, as a single point of contact, I provided the pre-sales ICT E2E design solution and after sales technical support for complete E2E product life cycle for FTTC, FTTH, GPON and management platforms on different IOS.
Key Responsibilities:
Provided complete end to end design solution for Access Network, Structural cabling, and integration with various network elements for metering and VAS. The solution was provided in accordance with the SOW defined and agreed with the client.
Provided engineering design solution and configurations OLT, ONU, CPE’s.
Provided engineering design and integration for iBMS over FTTP as per industry standard.
Client requirement schedules were produced with necessary technical information in conjunction with client specifications / engineering data sheets and required standards.
Producing Pre- Sales and Post-Sales technical design solution documents for HLD and LLD,
Installation, Integration and Support for configuration and NMS server U2000 over Linux and windows platform.
Installation, commissioning, and configuration for DSLAM, MSAN, OLT and ONU.
Work with R&D to improve and develop new products and market solutions.

HUAWEI – Reading, UK
Access Network Consultant (Ops and Pre-Sales) September 2015 to February 2016

Within HUAWEI Service Delivery and Support, consultancy for design and support for FTTC BT Division UK wide network was provided.
Key Responsibilities:
•Planning of future expansion of FTTH/GPON access network.
•Responsible to review and approve FTTx design submitted by different contractors. Which includes GPON/FTTx solution provisioning, Contract management, Network Planning, Estimation, Time Management, Project Cost Control and KPI formulation
•Trouble shooting for OSP fibre (working with power meter and OTDR),
•Installation and configuration of HUAWEI ONT, OLT and MSAN,
•Cabinets designed for each SmartAX MA56xx model include Main Distribution Frame (MDF), Optical Distribution Frame (ODF), energy-efficient power, battery backup, and environmental monitoring and controls optimized for specific Huawei OLTs and ONUs F01S200 & F01S500.
• Developed and implemented end-to-end process for FTTx, to mitigate the issues during the life cycle of commissioning process for BT Division.
• Point of Elimination document has been established and implemented for partner engineers and field staff for fault identification and restoration.
Technical skills used: GPON, FTTX, DSLAM, MSAN, OLT, ONU, CPE, ICT, Structure cabling, Data centre, Management system, Switches, Cabinet Design, OSP structure design, BICSI standard.

PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE

VIRGIN MEDIA - Gillingham, UK
OSP Engineer February 2014 to September 2015

AMS TELECOM LTD – London, UK
Technical Consultant January 2013, to February 2014

ATKINS UK – Epsom / London, UK January 2011 to July 2012
ICT Consultant

Working within IP team my contractual responsibility was to provide consultancy to deliver the high and low level design of complete Wireless LAN system for voice, data and video for King Abdul Aziz International Airport, JEDDAH SAUDI ARABIA on IP MPLS data network. As SPC, I was responsible for WLAN system with RF planning and designing, WIPS/WIDS, WLAN for guest.
Provided design solution o integrate the iBMS, Special Airport System (SAS), Transportation system, Data Networks system core and distribution, Display management system and voice systems with WLAN.

WAVETEL PVT LTD – Ilford, UK
Program Manager April 2010 to January 2011

WS ATKINS & PARTNER - Dubai, UAE
ICT Design Consultant’ FTTX Networks February 2010 – March 2010

Provided short term consultancy as ICT Design Consultant to establish Concept Design for Converge open fiber Optic Network based on Wavelength Division Multiplexing- Passive Optical network (WDM-PON), for Abu Dhabi marina City Development, UAE.

WATEEN TELECOM – Aldgate, UK
Network Infrastructure Consultant January 2009 – February 2010

WATEEN TELECOM PVT LTD – Lahore, Pakistan
Manager FTTX Networks February 2007 – November 2008

Working within Engineering and Service Delivery and Support, my responsibility was to Manage the planning, design, network rollout and operations for Access Networks FTTX and GPON network to provide Voice, Video and Data including interactive services (VOD, Gaming etc).

BRITISH TELECOM – London West Area, UK
Network Engineer July 2006 – January 2007

WORLD CALL MULTIMEDIA – Lahore, Pakistan
AREA MANAGER TECHNICAL May 2000 –September 2003

EDUCATION

October 2017 Ectrotechnical Certification Scheme (ECS)
January 2014 NRSWA unit2 qualified.
August 2012 PRINCE2 (practitioner) (P2R/910636)
Sep 2004 - Sep2005 MSc Telecommunication and Computer Network Engineering
(Awarded with Distinction), London South Bank University, London
Feb1996 - Feb 2000 B.S Electrical and Electronics Engineering, Eastern Mediterranean University, Cyprus

PERSONAL INFORMATION

Languages: English, Turkish, Urdu and Punjabi
Full UK Clean Driving Licence

REFERENCE: Provided upon request.
Contact this candidate