PAUL FEDLER JEAN DENIS
North Providence, Rhode Island 401-***-**** ad7jaj@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
● Over 5 years experience and professional development within the construction industry.
● Meticulous attention to detail, highly, responsible and reliable.
● Strong knowledge of blueprints, design, and measurements and calculation.
● Focused with a keen and insatiable thirst for learning.
● Excellent skills to manage, motivate and nurture diverse groups of coworkers.
● Excellent skills in multitasking under pressure.
● Strong technical aptitude with proven ability to quickly master new systems and software EXPERIENCE
Construction/Technical Consultant
Haiti / IMAGE PLUS, Les Cayes, Aug 2023 - March 2024
● Facilitated construction training sessions and mentored new hires.
● Planned and executed various projects from inception to completion.
● Remodeled workspaces to enhance functionality and efficiency.
● Monitored and managed the camera system for security and operational purposes.
● Supervised a team, ensuring productivity and performance.
● Provided technical advice on construction projects.
● Leveraged expertise to support informed decision-making. Owner/Operator Construction
Haiti / STRAM BUILDERS, Les Cayes, January 2021 - March 24
● Inspected sites to ensure work compliance with specifications, plans, and safety standards.
● Managed project budgets effectively.
● Designed remodeling plans to meet project goals.
● Identified and resolved technical or logistical issues during construction.
● Acted as liaison between various stakeholders, including customers, architects, and others.
● Verified the quality of materials and construction techniques used.
● Ensured workers met required protection standards. Supervisor
Haïti / Community Clinic of Canapé-Vert, Port-au-Prince, Oct 2017 - January 2021
● Perform patient intake and manage office administrative duties.
● Support a medical work team of 10.
● Maintained medical and prescription inventory.
EDUCATION
Civil Engineering Degree, Dec 2018
Université Américaine des Sciences Modernes d’Haïti. (UNASMOH) Degree of Management, May 2013
Université Épiscopale d’Haïti Business and Technology Institute (UNEPH/BTI)
Contact this candidate