Amal Bhattacharyya
Flat *A, Adhyapak Abasan Co-op.
Newtown, CE/1/C/16, Street No. 208, Kolkata-700156, India
M: +91-983*******,
e-mail: ad8bnu@r.postjobfree.com, ad8bnu@r.postjobfree.com
Linkedin Web: https://www.linkedin.com/in/bhattacharyya-amal-642a80b

Objective: Looking for an opportunity to apply my expertise as technical consultant.

Experience:

M/s. SBE Flow Control Pvt Ltd Manager Inside Technical Sales (Jan 2024 - Till date)
Managing a team of engineers for sales of hi-tech instrumentation products and service to various industry sectors like – Pulp & Paper, Refinery, Petrochemical, Oil & Gas, Metal, Power & Steel, Chemical & Fertilizer, etc. Salient products handing are Pressure Calibrators/Controllers/Indicators/Gauges, Temp. Calibrators, TERP Sensors, Valve Controllers, Medical & Safety Devices, Rotary Actuators, Vibration Analysis & Condition Monitoring, Digital Pressure Sensors.

M/s. Sonamati Cold Storage Pvt Ltd Technical Consultant (July 2022 - December 2023)
Worked as an Independent Advisor in progress of large projects development. Also involved in providing consultations for power equipment development.

Regent Education & Research Foundation Associate Professor (Jan 2012 – July 2022) Teaching UG & PG curriculum of Electrical subjects in Engineering Colleges. Guiding Projects. Placement of pass-out students.

Exide Industries Limited Chief-Product Testing (Aug. 1997 to Dec. 2011) Reporting to the Director of R&D, responsible for automotive & industrial battery product line for 30+ OEM’s representing Rs600 crores sales revenue for Exide battery generating total sales of Rs5500 crores annually.
Increased product line sales for inverter application by 50%, and managed the company’s target in sales for Indian inverter and UPS market.
Launched new product, battery for micro-hybrid vehicle, into the marketplace to replace existing product increasing annual unit sales 1.2 times.
Meet with dealers, regional/area offices, end-users, and the sales force to define new product requirements and work with product development to document these requirements in product specifications.
Analyze competitive product offerings in terms of features and benefits as well as price points.
Determine sales forecasts for proposed new products and justify new product development investments.
Managed product launches into regional locations and coordinated new product training for the 100+ key sales & service representatives.
Led a cross-functional team with representatives from manufacturing, customer service, technical service, quality, IT, sourcing, logistics and shipping to ensure target sales and effective support regarding any issue.
Develop written launch plans outlining the launch process, present launch plans to top management for approval, and track actual unit sales and gross margin performance for new product launches.
Conduct new product training for the sales force and dealer network including providing test equipment to regional service managers and key dealers for use in justifying product performance.
Work with an US test equipment manufacturer to manage product performance testing for the Indian market.
Effectively handled important Auto manufacturers like TOYOTA, HONDA, VW, GMI, M&M, MSIL, SKODA, TATA MOTORS, HYUNDAI, Bajaj Auto, etc. and Industrial customers like DOT, NTPC, NPC, RDSO, APC, etc.
Prepared written status reports for top management detailing open action items and launch status.
Coordinated efforts to select and integrate product offerings from an acquired company into the parent company’s product line.
Reorganized customer service to properly align with sales teams improving communications and reducing time sales spent on non-sales related administrative activities.
Published seven papers in national and international conferences / journals.
Last CTC: Rs15 lacs p.a.

Bengal Engineering College (Deemed University) Asst. Professor (Electrical) (Jan. 1989 – Aug.1997)
As a part of small core team, arranged for grant sanction and implementation of Power Electronics Lab in Electrical Engineering Dept of B E College for Post-Graduate program.
Doubled the set up of Instrumentation / Process Control Lab from six to twelve single handedly in Electrical Engineering Dept of B E College.
Perform responsibilities of developing solutions for complex electrical engineering problems that requires high degree of innovation and integrity

English Electric Co. of India Ltd. Asst. Product Sales Manager (November 1983 – December 1988)
Participate in review of product pricing and gross margin goals for existing products annually and establish new product pricing.
Handled the tasks of managing projects and work with assigned project managers to meet client's budget, contract fees, goals, objectives and deadlines.
Worked with the key account to jointly establish sales forecasts, conveyed these forecasts to manufacturing, and met with manufacturing and logistics on a weekly basis to ensure timely equipment delivery.
Managed key account sales reports by branch to HO and senior staff and reviewed sales goals with region managers via telephone conferences.
Effective – trouble shooting in commissioning of protection scheme in large Generation / Transmission / Distribution system – DVC, CESC, Meghalaya State Electricity Board, NTPC.
Contested with strong competitors & booked order for large Power Projects, particularly Kolaghat Thermal Power Plant of WBPDCL, Chukha Hydel Project, NTPC Farakka Super Thermal, OSEB.

McNeill & Magor Ltd. Sales & Service Engineer (Switchgear) (Nov 1982 – Nov 1983)
Focussed a 20-person customer service department including hiring, training, and managing staff. Managed customer service staff responsible for processing incoming orders, coordinating shipments, and handling incoming calls from customers and the field sales force.

Andrew Yule & Co. Ltd. Design Executive (May1978 – Nov 1982)
Estimation, Tendering, Design and Development of HT and LT Switchgear, Motor Control Centres, Power Control Centres, Flameproof and Industrial type Air break Circuit Breakers and other Electrical Equipment.
Responsible for developing advanced electrical power distribution, lighting design and related work based on client and project requirements

EDUCATIONAL SUMMARY
Achieved Master's degree the year 1977 in Electrical Engineering from Bengal Engineering College affiliated to University of Calcutta
Achieved Bachelor's degree the year 1974 in Electrical Engineering from Bengal Engineering College affiliated University of Calcutta.

PROFESSIONAL RECOGNITION
Visited ZIL, Moscow, Russia in 2007 for Tata Motor Vehicle validation program at -30 C.
Visited Bitrode Corporation, USA in 2003 for a knowledge interaction program in development of battery testing and production charging system.
R&D Management Systems Course - 2001- Admin. Staff College of India, Hyderabad.
Short time courses on Digital Techniques & Microprocessors, Marketing Workshop, Finance for Non-finance Executives, Bio-medical and Advance Instrumentation, Design of Experiments & Optimization, Developments in Safety Management & Tech. etc.

PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS
Fellow of Institution of Engineers (India) [Membership No. F 106707 – 5]
Chartered Engineer (India) – The Institution of Engineers (India).
SCC Certificate of Directorate of Electricity, Govt. of West Bengal

Date of Birth / Sex:
15th December 1953 / Male.
Contact this candidate