MOHAMED FAIZAL N Cloud & Devops Engineer
Mobile: +91-760*******
E-mail: ad9a2d@r.postjobfree.com
Objectives:
A Smart and hardworking individual with a focused bent of mind and a drive passion to excel in challenges, who believes in giving the best to the organization. Summary:
Over all 7 plus years of IT Experience in Cloud Service, Devops Engineering, System Administration, Networking Administration, technical support, Cloud Computing, Virtualization Information Security.
Well versed in Windows, Linux, VM Ware, Hyper-V.
Involved in management of IT Infrastructure solutions, Design and Implementation
Responsible for Escalation issues and Level 1, 2 support for End User Computing with IT Infrastructure.
Work Experience:
Working now as Sr, IT Engineer at Bpe Biotrees ltd, India Since: Sep 2023 to Dec 2023 (IT Infras, Cloud Operation)
Worked as IT Support Engineer at AMC/Rashid Group, UAE. Since: March 2018 to July 2022.
(Project 1- Windows and Networking-2018 to 2019)
(Project 2-Azure Infrastructure-2019 to 2020)
(Project 3-Devops Engineering-2020 to 2022)
Worked as a Process Executive at INFOSYS Bpo ltd, India. Since: Jun2016 to July 2017 (MS office, MS SQL,).
Worked as a Network Admin at DTPL, Bangalore, India Since: March 2015 to Jan2016. (Network & SystemAdmin, EUC) Experience & Expertise:
Network and Server Side
Routers, switches, Firewalls, Printers, smartphones, deployment, Configuration, Security updates and patches.
Network side-Performed Up gradation, Snapshot, backup, Monitoring and SSL, IP sec vpn, ACL, Trunk, Vlan, STP, BGP, OSPF, SSH Tunnel, VOIP, SIP, SD WAN, F5 LTM, NAT, URL Block access Understanding of Network Configuration include Lan, Wan, SAN, NAS.
Server Side -of Domain Controller including (Forest, Tree, Trust, AD FSMO Roles, DFS, Replication, windows Backup, GPO Mapping and Administration, LDAP, SCCM, Endpoint, Raid, OU Structure, Active Directory Objects Connectivity, WCM, Registry Hives, Event logging PowerShell’s, DLP, Threat Protection, Cluster, Hyper -V
VM Ware Side-vSphere is VMware's enterprise virtualization platform and the basis VMAWRE EXSI. vCenter Server is the centralized platform for managing vSphere environments, used for assigning roles to users, creating new VMs, searching the inventory, and much more
O365 side-Exchange Center Admin, Account of Requirements of Create, Add, Assign, Delete, Modify, Connect with Azure Ad, MFA, SharePoint and OneDrive. Azure Cloud Infra side
Worked on Azure resources like virtual machines, VNET configuration, VNET peering, Gateways, storage, SQL Server, databases, function app, Azure active directory, security center, virtual networks, NSG, Kubernetes clusters. Azure Devops Engineering Side
Designed and implemented automated deployment processes, reducing deployment time by 40%, Orchestrated containerized applications using Kubernetes, improving scalability and resource utilization. Implemented infrastructure as code using Terraform, resulting in consistent and reproducible environments across development and production. Collaborated with cross-functional teams to optimize cloud costs while maintaining high system performance. Led efforts to enhance system reliability through proactive monitoring, alerting, and incident response Handled Software and Tools
Operating Systems: Windows, Linux (Ubuntu, CentOS), Azure Cloud
Infrastructure as Code (IaC): Terraform
Configuration Management: Ansible
Containers and Orchestration: Docker
CI/CD Tools: Jenkins, GitLab CI
Version Control: Git, GitHub
Scripting: PowerShell
Monitoring and Logging: Grafana
Networking: VPCs, Subnets, Security Groups, Load Balancers
Database Systems: MySQL
Ticketing tools: Service Now
Work History:
Network & System Admin
DTPL, Bangalore Since: March 2015 - Jan 2016.
Scheduling in order to keep the department properly manned at all-time
Follow-up and check on Technical Issue and End-user Process.
Hold daily meeting with the Team to review the daily operation, and to Discuss past performance that can be improved.
Recognize new software and hardware issue and given the solutions
Supervise the overall service operations such Router and Configuration, Switch Configurations as well as installations.
To ensure that all the service operation procedures are followed at all Times
Regularly we are Providing Proper Security Total Process and to ensure That they have maintain day by our Team with Right Credentials.
We were handling CCTV Securities, with Advance Tech IP Camera’s,
Analog, and Digital with High level indications.
Maintain close working on Server Storage and Access Control with Accuracy level
To maintain Service level processes Such as DHCP, Active Directory, Server Feature
Boot, and RCA Configurations Manipulating. In the Source of Tools Wire Shark, Snow-desk, IP allocation, VPN, Team Viewer, MSN.
installations Such as Ubuntu with Strange Versions and Windows Strange Versions.
We were continuously focus on the Business needs IT operation as team to achieve our deadline.
The performance of system analyst, desktop support, procurement
process for IT Asset Management to establish the tasks and complete. Process Executive
INFOSYS TECHNOLOGIES INDIA (JUNE 2016 to JULY 2017) (US-Banking Industry)
Design table, reliable and effective databases
Optimize and maintain legacy systems
Modify databases according to requests and perform tests
Solve database usage issues and malfunctions to meet SLA, OLA.
Liaise with developers to improve applications and establish best practices
Gather user requirements and identify new features
Develop technical and training manuals and Provide data management Support to users.
Ensure all database programs meet company and performance requirements
Research and suggest new database products, services and protocols IT Support Engineer: (Engineering and Packaging)
AMC, Ajman, Dubai (March 2018 to July 2022)
Cloud Computing/Windows Servers/ Linux Server/Networking infra setup and maintance
O365/Azure, /HP Server/Dell/Sonic wall, Fortinet/Cisco
VMware/Veeam/SCCM/.
Process/Project Implementation.
Azure and Devops Infrastructure and service Delivery Certifications:
Fortinet NSE-1, 2
Cisco CCT
GSDC -ITSM20001
GSDC – Cloud Computing
GSDC – Business Analyst
Azure Administrator 104
Azure Devops Engineer
EDUCATION
Post-Graduation:
Master of Computer Application (MCA) in Information in Communication Engineering ANNA UNIVERSITY Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu -2015. Under-Graduation:
Bachelor of Science (IT)
BHARATHITHASAN UNIVERSITY Trichy, Tamil Nadu -2011. Languages:
English, Arabic, German.
Declaration
I declare that all the information furnished by me above is true to the best of my knowledge.
(Mohamed Faizal)
Contact this candidate