Sachin S. Waghmare SAP ABAP Consultant
ada58l@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile No: 898-***-****
TECHNICAL SPERIANCE
PROFESSIONAL SUMMERY

SAP-ABAP SKILLS:
Total 3.1 years of experience as an SAP ABAP Technical consultant, having expertise in the R/3 system and considerable experience in ABAP/4 programming techniques.
Further SAP exposure includes DDIC, Classical and ALV Reports, SMART FORMS, Batch Data Communication, BAPI.
Strong knowledge in OOPS ABAP
Experience in ALV and Classical reports.
Batch Data Communication using Call transaction Methods.
Experience in Modularization techniques like Sub-routines, Includes, Function modules.
SAP Data Dictionary (Tables, Views, Data elements, Domain, Search helps, Lock objects).
Good understanding of business process procedures of MM, SD, FI Modules.
Working knowledge of Smartforms.
Extensive experience in Performance tuning using SQL Trace Tools, Runtime Analysis Tool.
Experience in SD, MM modules.
Worked on interface technologies like RFC, BAPI.

EMPLOYMENT DETAILS

Currently working as an SAP ABAP Technical Consultant in Baranwal Consultancy and Services since July 2016 to till date.

PROJECT DETAILS :

Company Name: Crafsol Technology Solutions Pvt. Ltd.
Client: Sterlite Technologies Ltd.
Role: Associate SAP ABAP Consultant
Duration: May 2018 to Till Date
Environment: SAP S/4 HANA 1709 7.5
Team Size: 12
Project Type: Implementation & Support

Responsibilities:

· Responsible to peer requirement walk-through, technical discussion with developer and Business functional consultants, Efforts and Estimation reviews, Code reviews for new development, changes, helping team with Solutions and improvements.
· Guiding technical team members to understand the approach and helping with realization phase.
· Doing code reviews, documentations reviews, UAT review.
· Responsible to design and develop Reports, Interfaces, applications in SAP HANA system.

Client Profile:

Sterlite Technologies Limited (STL) is a global leader in end-to-end data network solutions.STL design and deploy high-capacity converged fiber and wireless networks. With expertise ranging from optical fiber and cables, hyper-scale network design, and deployment and network software, we are the industry's leading integrated solutions provider for global data networks. STL partner with global telecom companies, cloud companies, citizen networks and large enterprises to design, build and manage such cloud-native software-defined networks.

Client: Jamna Auto Industries Ltd
Role: Associate SAP ABAP Consultant
Duration: August 2016 to Feb 2017
Environment: ECC 6.0

Responsibilities:

Applying SAP Notes.
Changes in Purchase Register, Sales Register
Uploading Programs for MM, SD, FI Master Data
Changes in Smartforms
Enhancement in SD – VA02 (Sales order change mail notification
User exits for sales
Development of Smartform of Domestic Invoice.
Development of Smartform of Export Invoice

Client Profile:

Jamna Auto Industries Limited is the largest manufacturer of Tapered Leaf and Parabolic Springs for Commercial Vehicles (CVs) in India. It has been a trusted and preferred supplier of Leaf and Parabolic Springs to all major CV manufacturers for over 50 years. Jamna, in partnership with NHK Springs of Japan and world leader in spring manufacturing technology, has been a pioneer in leaf and parabolic springs in India. The company has now tied up with Ridewell Corporation of USA to bring the latest technology in Air Suspension system to provide world class ride comfort for buses.

Client: MICRO Supreme Auto Industries
Role: Associate SAP ABAP Consultant
Duration: March 2017 to April 2018
Environment: ECC 6.0

Responsibilities:

Data Dictionary Objects.
Development of new smart forms and SAP Script.
Modify in Standard Forms and SAP Scripts.
Upload master Data.
Enhancement using user exits.
Stock Report on posting Date
Changes is the smartforms
Small changes in reports.
Developed daily scrap report
Material shortage plan report

Client Profile:
Micro Supreme is a reputed organization for its trustworthiness around the world & is consistently doing business with integrity. Micro Supreme complies with the laws & regulations governing its activities. To ensure continuity of integrity & compliances we have decided to have formal code of conduct intended to serve as a guide to each employee on the values, ethics and business principles expected of him or her in personal and professional conduct.

EDUCATIONAL PROFILE

Degree/Course
Institution
Year of Passing
Percentage / Grade
BE IT
S.R.T.M.U.NANDED
2016
63.46
Diploma IT
M.S.B.T.E
2012
65.93
SSC
LATUR BOARD
2006
58.53

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Operating system : Win-XP, Win-7, 8.1, Linux.
Programming Languages : ABAP, Open SQL, C++
Network : CISCO ROUTERS & SWITCHES
Application package : Ms-office-2007
PERSONAL PROFILE

Name : Sachin Sakharam Waghmare
Gender : Male
Date of Birth : 28th March 1991
E-mail : ada58l@r.postjobfree.com
Contact No : 898-***-****
Address : Dahanukar Colony, Pune.
Languages Known : English, Hindi, and Marathi
Nationality : Indian
DECLARATION

I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge
And I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars.

Place: Pune Sachin S. Waghmare
Date:
Contact this candidate