DEEPANKER SRIVASTAVA
adatvw@r.postjobfree.com
G-1102, Godrej Summit, Sector-104, Gurugram
+91-882*******

Versatile Oracle Apps Technical Consultant with 7+ years of experience in Oracle Technologies with expertise in PL/SQL and EBS R12 implementation and support projects.

Career Objective

To secure a challenging position in a growing organization where I would be able to increase domain of my knowledge and utilize my capabilities to the best extent, in the process add value to the organization and my career.

Skills:

Oracle E-Business Suite:
Expertise over RICE components.
Understanding of MSCA for carrying out different transactions.
Knowledge of Procure to Pay, Order to Cash, Work In Process, Oracle Shop Floor Management.
Familiar with Workflow, Shell Scripts, OAF.
Have understanding of OEM (Oracle Enterprise Manager) & OATS (Oracle Application Testing Suite).
Well versed in SQL, PL/SQL.
Skilled on Technical documents reading/writing like MD50, MD70,MD120 etc.

Programming Languages and tools:
Oracle Forms and Reports.
Putty/WinSCP.
XML Publisher.
Python Scripting.
Shell Scripting.
Knowledge of JAVA programming.
Data loader.

Others:
Incident Management.
Client Communication.
Advanced problem solving skills.
Proficient in Training and Knowledge Sharing.
Troubleshooting and Debugging.

Work History

Oracle Business Systems Analyst
November, 2017 – Till Date

Fujitsu Consulting India
Application Developer
(Oracle EBS Technical Consultant)
July, 2015 – November, 2017

Senior Software Engineer
(Oracle Apps Technical Consultant)
July, 2012 – July, 2015

Project Details

Rackspace India Pvt Ltd (Formerly Tricore Solutions )

Implemented complex reporting for SLA date calculations based on business requirements. It helped users in prioritizing work as SLA dates are computed in programmatic manner so that shipments are sent on time and escalations due to delays can be minimized.
Independently Designed and Developed HRMS interface that creates/updates/terminates employee, assignment and address details bases on data provided in flat file.
Developed interface for COGS recognition Revenue and COGS Recognition
Configured AME for iExpense Approval
Modified custom MSCA functionality to achieve business needs.
Created/modified multiple small reports on Report builder/XML with bursting and other RICE components.
Developed shell script with complex requirement for taking out PO data from existing Flat file and create new file for import. This automation saved manual effort of users of opening each file and taking data into new flat file.

Responsibilities
Working model at Rackspace is different from my previous companies. Here, I am working in multiple client support/development model where I get support/development projects from multiple clients and I work in parallel if needed.
Solution design and development as independent contributor as well as team member.
Analyzing defects and proposing solutions to reduce customer time efforts.
Ticket monitoring over Issuetrak/Client Ticket Systems.
Coordination with clients on daily/weekly/ad hoc basis to get the requirements, clear understanding gap and present solutions.

Fujitsu Consulting India Pvt Ltd.

EBS Support for a US Client (Automobile Manufacturing Company)
A is leading automobile parts manufacturer headquartered in Tokyo and having major market presence in United States and all over world.
Extensively worked on Accounts Payables/Receivables Retro billing enhancements.
Customized Purchasing Workflow for project based Approval.
Done implementation on Business Events for concurrent processes.
Redesigned custom Interface for PO requisition/receiving for efficient functioning.
Development of new reports using Report Builder and XML Publisher (used rtf and excel template to generate multiple tab excel report).

Responsibilities
Quick resolution of incidents from various modules (Purchasing, Order Management, Inventory, Manufacturing, AP, AR)
On time resolution of incidents related to SLA (Sub Ledger Accounting) and Month-end closing.
End-to-end deliveries of Change requests.
Providing estimations of development tasks.
Ticket monitoring over JIRA/Service Now.

EBS Implementation for a US Client (Automobile Manufacturing Company)
Implemented Approval Management Engine (AME) for Purchase Requisition and iExpense approval.
Implemented custom XML reports using multiple data sources on order management and purchasing.
Coded complex logics under EDI shell scripts.

EBS Implementation for Jamaica Public Services
Development and customization of complex text/XML Reports.
Implemented custom withholding as per client requirement (AP Withholding Tax Implementation).

Sopra India Pvt Ltd

EBS Implementation/Support Project for a Solar Cell Manufacturer of France
It is a France-based international industrial company specialized in generating and manufacturing high performance semiconductor materials. The company operates on three main markets: electronics, solar energy and lighting.
It is a project involving customization of Oracle EBS R12 software according to business needs.
Implementation of new interface flow (Inter-org transfer, Ship-Confirm) for EDI Interface (used APIs to perform transactions for creation of transactions in OA to sync information between systems).
Total Inventory Report implementation (Includes customization of standard inventory and WIP reports and development of new reports to generate final report).
Worked on Custom Interfaces (Promis, Si-View, and Corsica).Managing interface events those are blocked. Resolution and causal analysis.
Pending transaction and Open Transaction Interface (Inventory) monitoring and resolution.
Created and updated AME approval hierarchy (PO/PR Approval, Invoice Approval).

Internship/Trainings

Undergoing Training DSE200x (Python for Data Science) from UC SanDiegoX. Understanding basics of Data Science and applications of Python in it.

:
MITx's 6.00.1x – (Introduction to Computer Science and Programming Using Python)
Gained knowledge over algorithms and programming in Python.

:
Responsible for developing and debugging various modules of website involving PHP and MySQL during 6-Months Internship at Clickindia Infomedia Pvt. Ltd Noida.
(Jan,2012 –Jul,2012)

:
Worked on Java (JSP + Servlet) with MySQL as backend during 6 weeks summer training at Tech Mahindra, Noida (July 2011)

Academic Project

AMICABLE PREPAY is a banking support service. This product is being developed for banking purpose for generating small loans easily. It is for the bankers so that they can facilitate their customer for providing small loans without large document verification and paper work.
Technical Skills Used: Java (JSP + Servlet) with Oracle as Database

Academic Qualifications

Gautam Buddha Technical University, Lucknow, UP India
Bachelor of Technology (2012): Computer Science & Engineering (78%)

Uttar Pradesh Board, Allahabad, UP India
Intermediate (2008): Mathematics (75%)
Matriculation (2006): Science (72%)

Extra-Curricular Activities

Taken part in various skits at workplace.
Awarded for being ‘Outstanding Rater’ of 2016 in Fujitsu and ‘Star Performer’ of 2014 at Sopra.
Awarded with various awards at different workplaces.
Participated in cultural events at College and School.
Personal details

Father’s name : Sri Diwakar Srivastava
DOB : 07/07/1992
Sex : Male
Nationality : Indian
Marital Status : Married
Languages known : English, Hindi
Alt. E-Mail : adatvw@r.postjobfree.com

Declaration

I hereby declare that all the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

DATE: 22/10/2019
PLACE: Gurugram
(DEEPANKER SRIVASTAVA)
Contact this candidate