Professional Summary
Systems Analyst & Reports Developer with more than 10 years of experience in application support, program implementation, and system configuration. Dedicated, analytical professional managing projects to extract data and deliver reports effectively. Driven application analyst leveraging knowledge of Oracle and SQL to create documentation to improve software usability. Detail-oriented individual gathering user feedback and collaborating with teams to identify gaps and maintain software alignment with user requirements, resolving complex production issues.

Areas of Expertise

System Configuration
MSO/MSOW
Data Extraction
Service Requests
Error Documentation
Gap Analysis
End User Requirements
Best Practices
Process Improvement

Select Accomplishments
Developed Oracle scripts for data clean-up and manipulation, identifying gaps and alternative approaches to improve workflows, collecting information from users as needed.
Charged with migrating two hospital systems into one system, liaising between the department and the Manager of Credentialing and Director of Physician Services to develop software standards and security measures to ensure successful implementation.
Managed ticket requests by determining priority of each ticket and closing high severity requests to troubleshoot client issues in MSOW software.

Professional Experience & Accomplishments
Computer Task Group – Chicago, IL 2018 – Present
Senior Technical Support Consultant
Operated as MSOW software subject matter expert (SME), directly overseeing all troubleshooting operations and service requests to ensure full software functionality and end user satisfaction.
Delivered comprehensive back-up support for Cerner Clairvia, Midas, ECIN, Vizient, and Optum CAC, coordinating with software vendors to provide coverage for users on vacation.
Facilitated MSOW EPIC software integration, personally formulating SQL scripts in order to optimize efficiency and slash up to four weeks off of total integration timeline.
Developed and implemented comprehensive MSOW reference documentation, streamlining software issue resolution processes to minimize downtime and safeguard usability.
Oversaw troubleshooting and access requests for MSCM/PMM, Par Ex, Rauland 5, Provation MD, and GE Muse, ensuring timely delivery of support to safeguard operational efficiency.
ComPsych – Chicago, IL 2016 – 2018
Crystal Reports Developer
Improved utilization report accuracy, correcting formula errors and automating various processes that streamlined operations and prevented further errors in the future.
Assisted with the implementation of an employer contact project, leveraging scripts to automate processes related to report generation in order to boost internal efficiency.
Professional Experience & Accomplishments
Maintained reports of customer evaluations, ensuring the timely and accurate delivery of tickets.
Automated scheduling efforts and other internal processes to uphold operational excellence.
Trinity Health – Livonia, MI 2012 – 2016
Business Application Analyst
Trained five application analysts in Medical Staff Operator Web (MSOW) database to ensure accuracy of data in different ports.
oCreated a table-linking document to extract data efficiently for report creation, as well as an open, standard-issue document to troubleshoot complex data issues.
oCoached three new hires in Crystal Reports and other proprietary software.
Transitioned the organization from their old Medical Staff Operator (MSO) system to MSOW, directing testing and validation of software to verify usability.
Created reference documentation for MSOW to resolve software issues for users.
Collaborated with a team of application analysts to complete multiple projects to implement new sites in the MSOW software for physician credentialing.
oDeveloped forms, applications, and reports to streamline the credentialing process.
Served as System Administrator and ran scripts to identify data to resolve internal issues.
Conducted research of best practices to increase efficiency and enhance customer service experience, including partnering with physicians to facilitate feedback and ensure software alignment with end user requirements.
Morrisey Associates Inc. – Chicago, IL 2007 – 2012
Help Desk Analyst
Functioned as the sole support personnel to troubleshoot all MSOW issues, charged with all service request responsibilities for the software and its users.
Developed and maintained documentation on user issues, identified software coding errors, and partnered with software developers to update the system.
Assisted with the implementation of software into clients’ current environments.
Served more than 25 hospitals to troubleshoot client issues in MSO and MSOW software.
Directed scheduling and execution for all MSO credentialing upgrades for clients.
Trained clients in MSO software, leveraging classroom and hands-on experience to teach.
Provided input on process improvements to ensure increased productivity of the help desk.
Supported users in the creation of Microsoft Access queries and reports.
Identified gaps and errors in MSO/MSOW software, creating alternative solutions and liaising between analysts and developers to improve functionality of software.
Formulated Oracle/SQL scripts to improve data and audit modifications in the software.
Coordinating testing for scripts to back-up and restore MSO/MSOW database upgrades.

Professional Development
Level 2 Crystal Reports – New Horizons
Levels 1, 2, and 3 Training for Microsoft Access – Trinity Health
Clairvia Bootcamp – Cerner
Technical Skills
Oracle • SQL • Crystal Reports • Windows • Microsoft Office
Contact this candidate