Gamal B. Herbon

*** *. ****** ***** *****
Murray, UT 84123

801-***-**** (Cell)
add98n@r.postjobfree.com

Career Summary
Experience: Specializing in the technology industry including technical writing/editing, content management, training material writing/editing, magazine writing/editing, magazine management, team and project administration and management, publication team management, book publication, policy and procedure writing and editing, SOPs, and technical consulting. Consulting on Information Security and PCI compliance. SDK writing and editing. Authored one professional computer book, and edited six professional computer books.
Skills: Writing, editing, word processing/desktop publishing, office suite programs, creative problem solving, researching, management, customer advocacy, and work-related photography and videography. Writing to different levels for different audiences to ensure things are easily understandable. Working with and interviewing SMEs to gather the appropriate knowledge for all material. Outlining and working on various levels of training materials to efficiently meet needs. Planning and coordinating with all involved parties from upper management to end-users. Working efficiently both as part of a team and individually. Communication and interactions with all levels of personnel including Executives, Directors, Administrators, Managers, and individual contributors. Experience with Microsoft Office products, including Visio and MS Project. Also experience with Adobe Acrobat and MS SharePoint. Experience with Oracle Knowledge Management and Oracle Knowledge Base software systems.
Other Highlights: Experienced in SaaS, computer networking, server and application software, information security documentation, and customer liaison and training. Known for being dependable, learning quickly, consistently meeting deadlines, managing within budget, administering, managing, and tracking projects, successful at initiating and completing new creative projects. Received several awards from the Society for Technical Communications for documentation and technical articles (writing and editing).
Professional Experience
Contract Senior Technical Writer/Editor/Consultant
July 2018 – March 2019 Beacon Engineering Resources for Clinical Innovations
Observe, record, and verify manufacturing procedures and write and/or update SOPs and calibration documentation for regulatory compliance and audits
Update documents and identifiers for new MasterControl system for use by in-house and third-party consulting and audit groups
Update and create picture posters for non-English speaking workers
Put all documents in simplified format with pictures to accompany all text for SOPs/work instructions
Record video and take photos of all observed processes and procedures
Create picture captures from videos for use in the documents
Updated training documents as required
Provide project feedback and input as needed
Other writing/editing/work tasks as assigned

Contract Technical Writer
September 2017 – May 2018 ConsultNet for UTA
Research and write technical and developer documentation and technical specifications for third-party consulting group to understand project
Update or create documentation for software development components
Enhance technical documentation for BMs understanding and purpose
Complete all other writing/editing/work tasks as assigned
Store all documents in SharePoint for document management
Participate in daily Agile meetings and weekly status updates
Provide project feedback and input as needed

Contract Content Manager II/Technical Writer
May 2016–December 2016 Populus Group for eBay
Improving customer communications across the company and the globe
Review/rewrite all customer facing automated and manual emails
Make emails more user-friendly and easier to understand
Ensure all emails align with updated brand and voice guidelines
Review and archive and/or unpublish current emails as necessary
Work with global product managers, policy managers and content managers
Work with global writing/editing team and provide guidance as needed
Enhance overall global customer service experience
Enhance customer support team’s response experience
Help to define appropriate processes to complete the project
Updating Customer Service Knowledge Base
Categorizing topics and information for more effective access
Customer advocate

Contract Technical Consultant/ Project Administrator/Technical Writer/Editor
January 2015 – May 2016 InterComputer Corporation
Administer ongoing SaaS security project and development team
Track all progress and problems and find and implement workable solutions
Help all team leaders to overcome obstacles and make continuous progress
Design, research, write and edit developer documentation and technical information for products, projects, and proposals for InterComputer’s secure messaging system and related applications.
Help create, write, and edit business documents to acquire capital funding.
Help create, write, and edit policies and procedures for all aspects of technical and business processes and procedures.
Provide critical input and feedback on software design, architecture, and user issues.
Research security issues and solutions
Provide input on marketing materials and updates for corporate web-site.
Provide suggestions on product enhancements and resolving bug problems.
Participate in all Agile scrum meetings and updates.
Provide User Interface and software testing and reporting.
Provides research on areas of internet and transactional security, as well as on vertical markets such as finance, healthcare, and auto registration.
Customer advocate.

Contract Technical Consultant/Technical Writer/Editor
September 2014 – December 2014 O.C. Tanner
Initiate and manage Information Security update project with little supervision.
Consult with various SMEs throughout the company to ensure all regulatory issues were adhered to and met.
Initiate discussions with departments throughout the company to ensure all needs were met and conflicts (and potential conflicts) were resolved to fulfill company business needs while meeting project requirements.
Design, research, write and edit proprietary documentation for Information Security compliance.
Create, write, and edit policies and procedures in support of Information Security compliance.
Research security issues pertaining to Information Security policies and procedures.
Create, write, and edit security and related policies and procedures for Information Security Team’s SharePoint site and entered into Confluence system.
Provide various other materials and updates related to Information Security and IT policies and procedures for the company.
Create Security Awareness Training for all levels of employees.
Create an extensive list of acronyms for internal use of terms related to Information Security, Security, and IT processes.
Work with SMEs to gain information for writing and updating processes and procedures.
Work with Project Management to ensure all material was created and met needs of all levels of users (from knowledgeable to beginning level).
Contract review and input.
Create, write, and edit training materials and presentations.

Contract Technical Consultant/Technical Writer/Editor
July 2014 – September 2014 Progrexion
Consult with various PMs and SMEs throughout the company to ensure all regulatory issues were adhered to and met.
Initiate discussions with departments throughout the company to ensure all needs were met and conflicts (and potential conflicts) were resolved to fulfill company business needs while meeting project requirements.
Design, research, write and edit proprietary documentation for PCI compliance.
Create, write, and edit policies and procedures in support of PCI compliance.
Research security issues pertaining to PCI compliance.
Create, write, and edit security and related policies and procedures for Information Security Team.
Discover evidences and proofs for PCI compliance Self-Assessment.
Provide various other materials and updates related to Information Security and IT policies and procedures for the company.
Create an extensive list of acronyms for internal use of terms related to PCI, Information Security, and the financial business.
Work with Project Management department to ensure all material was created and met needs of all levels of users (from knowledgeable to beginning level) and was properly updated and entered into SharePoint.
Write and edit instructional material for end-users on meeting security standards.

Contract Senior Technical Writer/Editor, Training Writer/Editor
November 2013 – March 2014 Utah Transit Authority
Design, research, write and edit end-user, supervisor, and trainer documentation and associated materials for new software applications and hardware items and updated in SharePoint.
Create, write, and edit training materials for new software programs and hardware products for daily use by all operators, dispatchers, and supervisors.
Create, write, and layout quick reference cards for users, supervisors, dispatchers, and management.
Create, write, and edit associated policies and procedures for all aspects of using and administering the technical and business processes and procedures for the products.
Plan and coordinate rollout of and training for products.
Provide materials and updates for in-house corporate web-site.
Provide suggestions on product enhancements and resolving bug problems.
Provide User Interface and software testing and reporting.
Provide hardware testing and interaction with software systems.
Provide Train-the-trainer training and associated information.
Part of development Scrum team.
Work with Business, Development, and supervisor teams to ensure all material was created and met needs of all levels of users (from knowledgeable to beginning level).
Explain technology and concepts to all levels from Upper Management to new users.
Strong user advocate.

Project Administrator/Senior Technical Writer/Editor
September 2004 – October 2013 InterComputer Corporation
Administer ongoing SaaS security project and development team
Track all progress and problems and find and implement workable solutions
Help all team leaders to overcome obstacles and make continuous progress
Report all project activities and project changes to Executive Staff
Design, research, write and edit developer documentation and technical information for patent applications, products, projects, and proposals for InterComputer’s secure messaging system and related applications.
Help create, write, and edit business documents to acquire capital funding.
Help create, write, and edit policies and procedures for all aspects of technical and business processes and procedures.
Provide critical input and feedback on software design, architecture, and user issues.
Provide input on marketing materials and updates for corporate web-site.
Provide suggestions on product enhancements and resolving bug problems.
Provide User Interface and software testing and reporting.
Provides research on areas of internet and transactional security, as well as on vertical markets such as finance, healthcare, and auto registration.
Customer advocate.

Contract Consultant/Senior Technical Writer/Editor
July 2010 – February 2011 NOV IntelliServ
Designed, researched, wrote and edited technical documentation and technical information for field engineers for custom in-field re-engineering and repair facility and heavy equipment.
Researched, created, wrote and edited manufacturing processes.
Help create, write, and edit policies and procedures for all aspects of technical re-manufacture and repair processes and procedures.
Videotaped and photographed repair processes and safety procedures for field remanufacturing and repair processes for downhole drill pipe and equipment. Provided critical input and feedback on design and use of heavy equipment and re-certification testing.
Senior Information Consultant
June 2003 – September 2004 eXegeSys, Inc.
Designed, researched, wrote and edited developer documentation and technical information for new development framework product for Linux, Unix, and Windows applications.
Researched and updated ERP documentation.
Helped create, write, and edit business plan to acquire capital funding.
Edited and published company newsletter.
Provided input on marketing materials and web site for new products.
Provided training materials for trainers and customers.
Provided management expertise for product development, including suggestions on product enhancements, and resolving bug problems.

Editor-in-Chief / Program Manager - Manager of DeveloperNet University and Novell Press
March 1992 – February 2003 Novell. Inc.
Managed publication of two monthly technical journals with worldwide distribution in hard copy, electronic, and web formats. Responsibilities included web site design, magazine layout, content research, content editing, content acquisition, production, customer service, fulfillment, printing, and delivery.
Managed all aspects of an online training site for professional software developers. Managed site design and maintenance, content research, writing, and production.
Worked on special business development projects with IBM, Viacom, Lotus Development, and AT&T.
Managed the re-launch of Novell Press books. Responsibilities included negotiating and signing a separation agreement with the previous publisher (resulting in a savings of over $400K) as well as negotiation and signing of a contract with a new-third party publisher that included a commitment of publishing at least 6 new book titles in the first year of the contract.
Managed the team responsible for the AppNotes magazine, the DeveloperNet University online training site, and Novell Press. Responsible for managing a 10-person team, including HR management, task management, scheduling, and budget management of a budget of $2-$5 million per year.
Responsible for all vendor relationships and relationship with internal operations group to ensure that the magazine was published and mailed on time, customer satisfaction expectations were met, and all operations were kept within budget.
Responsible for marketing for the publication and the online training site (with little to no annual budget).
Researched, wrote, and edited technical articles for the AppNotes.
Responsible for soliciting technical articles and testing them for accuracy.

Senior Technical Writer/Editor – NetWare Directory Services Team,
December 1990 – March 1992 Novell. Inc.
Researched, wrote, and edited technical specification documents, product and marketing specification documents for NetWare Directory Services.
Researched, wrote, and edited technical presentations for internal and external distribution.
Researched, wrote, and edited documentation on API (Application Programming Interface) sets for the product.
Researched and wrote manual sets for the NetWare operating system.
Interacted with engineering team, graphic artists, and production team.

Senior Section Editor – NetWare Technical Journal
March 1990 – November 1990 McGraw-Hill
Responsible for all aspects of assigned sections of quarterly technical journal, including soliciting, editing, rewriting, testing, and production work for the magazine. Worked under tight deadlines with little direct supervision.

Technical Writer/Team Supervisor – Novell Product Documentation
June 1988 – March 1990 Novell. Inc.
Researched and wrote manual sets for various NetWare products.
Assigned, scheduled, and brought to conclusion various manual sets written by other team members.
Responsible for meeting tight deadlines and ensuring that production schedules were met with all quality standards being adhered to.

Education

Awards

Bachelor of Science - Mass Communication
1982 - 1986 University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah
Recipient, University Scholarship 1985 and 1986
Recipient, Society of Professional Journalists Scholarship 1985 and 1986

Received several writing and publication awards from the Society of Technical Communications (STC) both at local and international levels

Received numerous work-related awards including Manager of the Quarter, Division Employee of the Quarter, Nomination and Finalist for Novell Manager of the Year (2002), and several Employee of the Month and Employee of the Moment Awards
Contact this candidate