Page * of *
Anuj Kumar
Senior SAP Technical Consultant
Dynamic and Driven professional with 8+ years of
IT experiences in SAP technologies and
Winshuttle application. Expertise in Consulting,
Implementation, Development and Production
Support
adg301@r.postjobfree.com
812-***-****
Bangaluru, Indian
linkedin.com/in/anuj-kumar-29b5807
SKILLS
Core ABAP OO ABAP
Webdynrpo OData
ABAP on HANA CDS
Python Fiori
WORK EXPERIENCE
Senior SAP Technical Consultant
Deloitte India (Oﬃces of the US)
03/2018 - Present,
Google: Currently working as Technical lead and managing a team of 10 members as well as working on OData Object. Enhancement of existing CDS view to accommodate custom ﬁelds to be sent to legacy system. Gordon Food Services: Worked as senior technical consultant managing team of 5 members. Developing custom OData development for Cost Maintenance Pricing change and JIT Process. Developed Custom outbound interface for material master and report program for Canada drivers compensation.
Dolby: Worked on SIM Interface, Remit to interface and exchange rate for Coupa. Created a BDC program to create PO based on ﬁles from AL11. Preparing TS, Code Review of team members and unit test document. Coordinated with onshore to complete the deliverables before deadline.
SAP Technical Associate
Cognizant India Pvt Ltd
10/2015 - 02/2018,
Apple SAP Engagement -ADT(Assortment Database Tool): Worked on development of multiple webdynpro application which helped in completing functionality of ADT tool. This tool provided integrated source of information about Apple and third party products throughout their life cycle.
Apple SAP Engagement - ADT(SIMBA Replacement Tool): Worked on development of Webdynpro application to build a process in Assortment database for new product request, online forecast, store forecast, initial buy quantity and change request. Apple SAP Engagement - BART(BOPIS AND Reserve Together): Worked on development of tool to integrate time window feature with APU on the online buy ﬂow to control store traﬃc during high-demand scenarios. SAP Technical Consultant
Altimetrik India pvt ltd
06/2014 - 10/2015,
Aricent Client: Worked on development of WD application for the Passport and VISA tool, Previous Employment Tax Details. Developed custom reports to approve/reject the application of WD previous employment tax details, to display all the process, rejected and approved record.
N-SPRO Client: Developed Custom Objects Car Load to Card Solution in Function Module which adds or update the member detail to the Target group member table. Enhancement of General oﬀer outbound service Project name/Tasks
Project Name/ Tasks
Project Name/Tasks
Page 2 of 2
WORK EXPERIENCE
ABAP Consultant
Zieta Technologies
02/2012 - 06/2014,
Skandia Windows Fashion: Developed a Process of Deﬁning sales And Other Goals Assign to Sales Group to Archive in given Period Of Time and Showing the Status Of Progress Done by Sales Group. Worked on ALV reports to get sales summary and sales group proﬁt and loss report. Created BDC for customer master and Material Master. Milltec SAP Implementation: Worked on development of custom object to extend the customer in diﬀerent sales area. Created scripts for inspection and invoice output forms. Worked in Winshuttle tool to upload the customer master and sales data. DAP Chemical Implementation: Worked on winshuttle tool to upload BOM. Supported post Go-Live. Development of program to extend material to plants.
CERTIFICATES
Developing Web Apps With SAPUI5
(06/2016 - Present)
HONOR AWARDS
Applause Award (01/2019 - Present)
Deloitte Company
For delivering the project deliverables before deadline and support during weekends.
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Technology
S.R.M.S.C.E.T Bareilly
06/2007 - 05/2011,
LANGUAGES
English Hindi
INTERESTS
Online Gaming Reading philosophical books Adventures Sport Travelling Achievements/Tasks
Contact this candidate