Oluwakemi Olubowale
Ottawa adi2ww@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
I am a Data Analytics professional. I have vast experience in building Analytics Solutions across several industries. I have implement performance monitoring visualization and highly experienced in reporting using Power BI. My objective is to be the best Data Analytics Expert and contribute to business and technology. I am dedicated to perfecting my craft by learning from more seasoned experts, remaining humble and continuously making strides to learn all that I can about data analytics.
EXPERIENCE
Senior Data Analyst, BI Technical Consultant EY December 2020 – Present
● Experience with data visualization using Power BI
● Data transformation and modelling using Power Query, SQL, Azure Data Factory
● Experience with languages like SQL, DAX, for data analysis
● Design reports and create analytics and dashboards metrics to identify trends, concerns and progress,
● Experience with cloud technology
Technologies/Tools: Microsoft Power BI, Azure, DAX, SQL, SSMS,SSDT, Azure Data Studio, Power Query Senior Data Analyst People Services Canadian Red Cross July 2020 – November 2020
● Develop, organize, and maintain various spreadsheets and systems,
● Perform periodic system health checks and ensure functionality and features are up to date,
● Investigate incoming system questions and concerns, and provide analysis or data pertinent to the issue,
● Remain current on HR system trends, issues and best practices,
● Support and contribute to business change initiatives and project implementation support,
● Maintain an annual roadmap of enhancements an d identify additional functionality by taking advantage of new capabilities
● Reporting and Analytics Leverage PS systems to produce meaningful data insights,
● Design reports and create analytics and dashboards metrics to identify trends, concerns and progress,
● Prepare monthly, quarterly and annual PS reports summarizing key data into charts and visuals,
● Effectively communicate key issues and trends and recommend appropriate courses of action
● Develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics that optimize statistical efficiency and quality,
● Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain data systems, Compile, analyze and interpret trends
● Compile, filter and “clean” data from multiple sources for complex table imports,
● Conduct research and keep up-to date on best practices for PS technologies, data analysis and analytics,
● Maintain effective working relationships, fostering a client driven, continuous improvement culture,
● Offer system input, guidance and direction to the People Services team, Technologies/Tools: Microsoft Power BI, Microsoft AX Dynamics, Workforce Central Kronos, MS Suite, SmartSheet, SharePoint, SQL, Taleo Oracle.
Senior Consultant, Data and Analytics PwC July 2018 – April 2020 Power BI Developer
● Imported data from SQL Server DB to Power BI to generate reports.
● Created DAX Queries to generated computed columns in Power BI.
● Generated computed tables in Power BI by using DAX.
● Involved in creating new stored procedures and optimizing existing queries and stored procedures.
● Design and develop of reporting data module for analysis.
● Developed Up-selling and Cross-selling reports using DAX functions.
● Developed income statement and profit analysis reports and dashboards for a financial institution
● Worked on all types of transformations that are available in Power bi query editor.
● Scheduled Automatic refresh and scheduling refresh in power bi service.
● Created reports using time intelligence calculations and functions.
● Developed ad-hoc reports generating insight on a Yearly, Quarterly, Monthly, and Daily basis.
● Executed dashboard setups and data manipulation using DAX. Advanced and Predictive Analytics Data Analyst
● I developed a predictive analytics solution to forecast macroeconomic variable within Nigeria and implemented End - to-End automation of a Monitoring Solution for a development bank in Nigeria. I was responsible for interacting with project manager, business process owners, application owners and business analyst for requirements gathering and risk management for the project. I was responsible for managing team deliverables to ensure timelines are met. I developed predictive models using R and automated the data extraction and manipulation process using R. I was able to predict the macroeconomic variables with 99% accuracy.
● I led the team that designed and implemented a HR Analytics tool. I was responsible for identify ing continuous measures and managing interactions with the HR team. We were able to identify several data quality issues the reporting process and advise the client.
● I led the implementation of Demand forecast and Health and Safety prediction for a Logistics company in Lagos Nigeria
● I actively participate in Business Development and attend and present at pitches. I have successfully converted 3 pitches to sales with the aid of my team.
●
Data Science Training Facilitator
● I handle Data Visualization trainings using Microsoft Power BI for various clients across Power Generation, HR, Finance, Oil and Gas and Logistics to name a few.
● Conducted Data Science for Beginners, Intermediate and Advanced and Predictive Analytics trainings using Microsoft Azure ML, Python and R for various clients across Power Generation, HR, Fin ance, Oil and Gas and Logistics to name a few.
Technologies/Tools: Microsoft Power BI, Azure, R, Python, Visio Segment Manager, Product and Liabilities Access Bank January 2018 – June 2018
• I led the team that performed Segment analytics on peculiarities, attitudes and behavior towards financial institutions
• I led research on the life cycle and needs of the woman and women’s market project initiation to actualization
● I conducted performance analysis of women banking products and propositio n. This increase the understanding of our approach to market
● I led the team that implemented operational reports across product development, Data Quality management. This entailed understanding of the customer needs.
Technologies/Tools: SQL, Power Point, Ms Excel, Microsoft PowerBi Performance Analytics and Market Intelligence Access Bank January 2016 – January 2018
• I performed collecting, collating and carrying out complex data analysis in support of management & customer requests Research on the life cycle and needs of the woman
• I performed data manipulating, cleansing & processing using Excel, and SQL for reporting purposes
• I conducted periodic industry survey to understand the overall pattern/trend of the banking industry
• I automated the analysis of the Division’s income lines to avoid leakages.
• I performed tracking and analyzing Division’s deposit and risk asset performance as against projection.
• I provided reports for the Retail Groups & Division, e.g. Executive committee (Exco) Report
• I conducted data Mining and visualization to draw valid inferences and present them successfully to management Technologies/Tools: SQL, Power Point, Ms Excel, Power BI EDUCATION
Bachelor's Degree
Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology Ghana 2007 – 2011
● Second Class Upper Credit
Master’s Degree
University of Aberdeen United Kingdom 2012 – 2013 MBA Degree
London School of Business and Finance United Kingdom 2014 – 2015 Microsoft Certified: Azure Data Fundamentals Credential ID - H599-3082
Contact this candidate