Vinod Kumar
Dubai, UAE
+*** - *********
adkkrz@r.postjobfree.com

Profile Summary
Having 6+ years of strong experience of implementing and supporting SailPoint IdentityIQ and Oracle based IAM Solution.
Strong Experience in Implementation, Consulting, Design, Development and Support of Sailpoint based IAM solution for diverse group of stakholders and range of industries, business domains (Banking, Insurance and Government Entity) across Middle East and other geographies.
Expertise in all aspects of end to end implementation, configuration and administration of Sailpoint solution: Analysis, Design, Configuration, Unit Testing, User Acceptance Testing, Integration Testing, Documentation, End User Training and upgrades, Support and Maintiance.
oHands on experience in working with end to end implementation and support of Governance and Life Cycle Management in SailPoint
oExperience with development configuration and maintenance of standard and custom IAM connectors, integration for application on boarding
oExpert in Troubleshooting and resolving complex technical problems and deliver any upgrades, product fixes and patches to customers for Sailpoint solution.
oResult oriented, Highly motivated Professional with a strong customer focus and excellent communication skills
oProvide technical assistance, SME and consulting support to clients.

IT Forte
Domain
Government Entity, Ventures, Pharmacy, Banking and Insurance
Security Technologies
Sailpoint IIQ - 7.x, 8.x, Oracle Identity and Access Management, Oracle IAM Enterprise Single Sign On
Operating Systems
Windows 2000, XP, Windows 7 / Vista, Unix, Virtual Machine
Languages
JAVA/J2EE, J2SE
RDBMS
Oracle, MySQL, MSSQL
Application Servers
WebLogic, Apache, OHS, JBoss
Tools
Eclipse, REST Postman, Apache Directory Studio, Putty

Professional Experience

Install, customize, configure, administration and support Sailpoint IIQ based IAM projects
Working on new Sailpoint installation setup, application on-boarding, certification setup, custom and OOTB reports.
Have extensive experience in SailPoint IIQ working on different kinds of connectors like Delimited File, JDBC, LDAP, AD, Azure AD, Logical, Webservice, Success Factors, Microsoft SharePoint Online and Logical Application
Working on various delimited file connectors, custom logical connectors, REST APl based connector, etc. in Sailpoint, per requirement
Expertise in configuring Access Certifications as per business requirements
Worked on Advanced analytics for generating Populations, reports and retrieve Objects for various activities
Generated OOTB Reports based on client requirements
Have good experience in creating Business process (Workflow) for JML activities
Expertise in Access Request workflow implementation for Entitlements and Roles
Created and Configured the Custom Email Templates and Notifications
Designing and developing Sailpoint IIQ solution based on user provisioning solutions
Implemented Workflow for attribute change event to push changes to Target application
Implemented custom workflow for Birthright Provisioning, Event based provisioning
Implemented quick links, role based access control(RBAC) provisioning
Developed custom rules in bean shell script for aggregation
Good experience on Role and Entitlement Configuration, Work Group, Population, Group
Experience on Password Management like Change password and Forgot password functionality
Assisting customers in developing a secured IAM infrastructure, defining security policies to protect their applications from unauthorized access
Good experience on creating Before operation rule using REST API calls for Creating and Removing the Teams, Role and Business Units in Dynamic365 application using Webservice connector
Expertise in the Integration of Manage Engine with IIQ using REST API calls and handled Ticket management.
Experience in Configuring the IntegrationConfig Object functionality to create an Incident/request, Task and getting the status of Tasks and Incidents using REST API callas in Ticketing Tool systems.
Identify and communicate high-level gaps and issues in primary functional area of Sailpoint project.
Having Good Knowledge on Installation and Configuration of File Access Manager (formerly SecurityIQ).
Noteworthy Credits
Appreciation from both Customer and Project Team for contribution in Sailpoint based Critical projects
Completed Partner training with Sailpoint and ability to mentor and support new team members and customer team
BOT Custom Connector: This custom connector connects to the end system using Custom Schedulers, Tasks, Adapters and Event Handlers. This will help us to creating a BOT accounts into SharePoint online system database and Aggregate the accounts from that system
Working with client team post implementation for user testing and debugging
Integrated critical application of Manage Engine with IIQ using REST API calls and handled Ticket management

Work Experience
Working with RNS Technology Services.

Specific Project Experience:

PROJECT #1:
Customer : Banking Entity, Sharjah, United Arab Emirates
Environment : SailPoint, MSSQL, JBOSS, LINUX, AD
Role : Technical Consultant–IDAM, ERM-Information Security & Risk Assurance
Responsibilities:
Gathered client requirements and configured SailPoint IIQ connectors such as JDBC, Logical, and Active Directory.
Worked on customization of Business Process (Workflows) for Email Distribution Group requests like Create, Modify and Delete in AD and Exchange level.
Worked on customization of Business Process (Workflows) for Security Group requests like Create, Modify and Delete in AD.
Created and Configured the Custom Email Templates and Notifications.
Worked on customization of Business Process (Workflows) for Internet Access requests to business users in order to fulfil their business requirement.
Worked on customization of Business Process (Workflows) for Send Email outside domain requests to business users in order to fulfil their business requirement.
Executing and scheduling the tasks for Aggregation and Refreshing Identities.
Configured on Manager Certification, Application Owner Certification, Entitlement Owner Certification and Advanced Certification using rules.
Have created many documents for the different activities and submitted to the client for pre-production activities.

PROJECT #2:
Customer : Insurance Entity, Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Environment : SailPoint, MSSQL, Tomcat, Windows, AD
Role : Technical Consultant - IAM
Responsibilities:
Gathered client requirements and configured SailPoint IIQ connectors such as JDBC, Logical, Delimited and Active Directory.
Worked on Integration of Manage Engine with IIQ using REST API calls and handled Ticket management.
Worked on Configuring the IntegrationConfig Object functionality to create an Incident/request, Task and getting the status of Tasks and Incidents using REST API callas in Ticketing Tool systems.
Created and Configured the Custom Email Templates and Notifications.
Implemented custom workflow for Birthright Provisioning, Event based provisioning
Experience in Configuring Tasks like Account aggregation, Account group aggregation.
Experience in working with Account correlation, Manager Correlation and Identity correlation.
Executing and scheduling the tasks for Aggregation and Refreshing Identities.
Worked on Manager Certification, Application Owner Certification, Entitlement Owner Certification and Advanced Certification using rules.
Have created many documents for the different activities and submitted to the client for pre-production activities.
Involved in participation of regular weekly project status meetings to discuss the risks involved in ongoing projects with Team members.

PROJECT #3:

Customer : Government Entity, Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Environment : SailPoint, MSSQL, Tomcat, Windows, Webservices, AD
Role : Technical Consultant - IAM
Responsibilities:
Gathered client requirements and configured SailPoint IIQ connectors such as JDBC, WebServices, Logical, and Active Directory.
Experience in Configuring Tasks like Account aggregation, Account group aggregation.
Providing Risk score for Roles, Entitlements and Certifications for various Applications.
Created and configured Roles like Business and IT Roles for Role based provisioning to Target Applications.
Worked on Policies like Account policy, Advanced policy, and Entitlement SOD policy.
Worked on Creating Groups, Workgroups and Populations.
Experience in working with Account correlation, Manager Correlation and Identity correlation.
Executing and scheduling the tasks for Aggregation and Refreshing Identities.
Worked on Manager Certification, Application Owner Certification, Entitlement Owner Certification and Advanced Certification using rules.
Have created many documents for the different activities and submitted to the client for pre-production activities.
Involved in participation of regular weekly project status meetings to discuss the risks involved in ongoing projects with Team members.

PROJECT #4:
Customer : Inspirit Vision, Pune
Environment : SailPoint, MySQL, Tomcat, XML, Linux, Windows, OUD, AD
Role : IDM Consultant
Responsibilities:
Gathered client requirements and configured SailPoint IIQ connectors such as JDBC, flat file resources etc.
Experience in Configuring Tasks like Account aggregation, Account group aggregation.
Providing Risk score for Roles, Entitlements and Certifications for various Applications.
Created and configured Roles like Business and IT Roles for Role based provisioning to Target Applications.
Worked on Policies like Account policy, Advanced policy, and Entitlement SOD policy.
Worked on Creating Groups, Workgroups and Populations.
Experience in working with Account correlation, Manager Correlation and Identity correlation.
Executing and scheduling the tasks for Aggregation and Refreshing Identities.
Worked on Manager Certification, Application Owner Certification, Entitlement Owner Certification and Advanced Certification using rules.
Have created many documents for the different activities and submitted to the client for pre-production activities.
Involved in participation of regular weekly project status meetings to discuss the risks involved in ongoing projects with Team members.

PROJECT #5:
Customer : UST Global, Bangalore
Environment : OIM & OAM 11gR2 PS3, Linux, WebLogic, SOA, OUD, AD, SharePoint
Role : IDM Developer
Responsibilities:
Worked on Custom Schedulers for BOT Account Request Task and Synchronize BOT-Owners with BOT-botAccount Role.
Created Email Templates for BOT Account Creation Notification, BOT Account Owner Termination Notification.
Worked with SAP Application team for provisioning users and access applications from OIM System.
Having Experience in SOA workflow Creations, customizing of existing workflows and Deployments in SOA Servers.
Worked on Auto Provisioning for various applications like SSO Person(OUD), AD, Oracle EBS User Management, OID User HDC, PFST, Service Now with OIM.
Developed the Event Handlers, Schedulers, and Adapters using OIM java APIs.
Developed and created Adapters for various business requirements like Create BOT Account, Create Add User to BOT Group, and Manage Additional Owners in BOT.
Worked on export/import of any customized changes across different environments (Test to Stage) using Deployment Manager.
Created Process Tasks for various business requirements like Update staging status, Create Account, Move BOT Account, Add Owner to BOT-Group.
Created and configured Notification event handler for BOT Approval Request Notification, BOT Request Denied Notification, BOT Request Notification to Requestor.
Created and configured the Policies based provisioning using Access Policies (Role based Provisioning).
Worked on creating custom UDFs’ with LDAP Sync mode by adding attributes to create, modify and view page.
Created Email Template for supporting various languages (Localization) like US, Japanese, Chinese.
Worked on webgate upgrade from PS2 to PS3.
Having experience on Authentication and Authorization in Access manager.
Maintained direct contact with client-side Technical Architect and Business Owners for requirement freezing and status of the project.
Knowledge transfer to team members.

PROJECT #6:
Customer : Cognizant, Chennai
Environment : OIM, OAM 11gR2 PS3, Linux, WebLogic, SOA, OUD, AD, ACF, Exchange
Role : IDM Developer
Responsibilities:
Developed the Utility for Domain change from US to France Users.
Added the Primary email address to all the France Users for accessing the end applications.
Removed the Secondary email address to all the Identified Users for disabling the account access for some applications.
Migrated Stored procedures from one environment to another environment(Dev to Test).
Deployed and tested the components which are developed for fulfilling various requirements in different environments like DEV, UAT.
NPA & DL Ownership transfer to France Users when they are moved to Other Countries.
Worked on Post-process event handler for NPA & DL roll-up to France Users.
Worked on Scheduler for NPA & DL Change owner Batch process.
Managing the user life cycle management from ACF Framework system.

IAM Technical Consultant

Identity & Access Management
Contact this candidate