CURRICULUM VITAE
Md. Aminul Islam
Address: Room # 6b
House#10, Road#10, Moddho Badda, Near 6 tola mosjid. Mobile: +880**********(Bangladesh)
099********(Myanmar)
E-mail: adl31d@r.postjobfree.com
TLC Membership Level: Innovator.
CAREER OBJECTIVES
To work in a challenging environment where I can prove to be a valuable asset to the organization and its profitability.
CAREER SUMMARY
A proven and experienced banking IT expert with a solid understanding of banking, finance and information technology. Ten years plus experience in banking information systems implementation and upgradation, development, interfacing, data migration and support, working for a range of companies and banks in Bangladesh and Myanmar. TECHNICAL SKILLS IN T24
• More than 10 years of experience in Different T24 application, System Analysis, Development, Implementation, interfacing and testing.
• Have experience on Temenos software implementation and upgradation.
• Depth technical knowledge of T24 (specially TAFC, TAFJ technical architecture and their related configuration).
• Have proven experience in development of enterprise level T24 installations.
• Prepared BRD, FSD, TSD, ISD, IDD documentation as per different projects.
• Have hands-on experience on Infobasic, Design Studio, Jbase.
• Have excellent experience on T24 local development and customization (both AA and other).
• Development capability in all areas of T24 (e.g. application (template) development, own service build, multithread programming, OFS programming and any kinds local development such as version, enquiry, report, composite, tabbed screen etc).
• Have experience on integration with t24 and third-party software of different integration pattern (SOAP, RESTful, file transfers etc.).
• Have experience on T24 interaction and Integration Framework (IF).
• Have experience on TWS(SOAP) and IRIS RESTful API.
• Have excellent experience on Release Management (Patch update, BCON, DL DEFINE Packaging & Deployment and its related configuration also).
• Proficient in Jbase query and command along with InfoBasic programming in T24.
• Ability to lead and manage a team of developers.
• Experience in data migration including creation of data files for loading into T24 Core Banking System and related activities.
• Worked on DFE & DW.EXPORT module for data extraction and report customization.
• Have excellent experience on extract data from legacy system as per t24 format.
• Have experience on import large scale data into oracle database.
• Have hands-on experience to provide t24 technical (Infobasic programming, loclal development, AA technical etc.) training.
• High competency and hands-on experience in the following Temenos software products:
T24 Core Banking System (Release 9, 10, 13, 16, 17 and 18).
Arrangement Architecture (AA).
Retail and credit banking.
Trade Finance.
Real time gross settlement.
Factoring.
OTHER TECHNICAL SKILLS
• Dexterous with work experience in Java, Python, I-Report etc.
• Exposure of RDBMS like Oracle 11g, MS SQL Server 2008 R2, complex query, stored procedure, data pumping etc.
• Have hands on experience of take care large relational database. TEMENOS TCCP CERTIFICATION
SL No. Test Name Course Name
1 T1ESL-2-B Core - Induction Business
2 T1ESL-1-T Core - Induction Technical
3 T3AAC-R18 Core - Arrangement Architecture Core
4 T3CUS-R18 Technology and Architecture – Customisation 5 T3DST24-R18 Technology and Architecture - Design Studio for Core Change Management
6 T3OFS-R18 Technology and Architecture - Open Financial Service 7 T3ORA-R18 Technology and Architecture - Oracle Administration And Performance Tuning
8 T3PRG-R18 Core Programming
9 T3SMS-R18 Technology and Architecture - Security Management System 10 T3TAAD-R18 Core Arrangement Architecture Deposits 11 T3TAD-R18 Technology and Architecture – Administration 12 T3TAFJ-R18 Technology and Architecture – TAFJ
13 T3TWS-R18 Technology and Architecture - Temenos Web Services (TAFJ) 14 T3TCM-R18 Core COB Management
15 FSTSQL 1.0 Technical Basics (SQL)
CAREER HISTORY
Senior Technical Consultant, DataSoft Systems BD Ltd.
(Nov 15, 2020 to Present)
Senior Technical Consultant, FDS Bangladesh Ltd.
(October 01, 2018 to Nov 14 2020)
Senior Software Engineer (Last Designation), DataSoft Systems BD Ltd.
(April 03, 2011 to 30 September 2018)
• Exim Bank Ltd., Bangladesh( 15 Nov 2020 – continuing)
Till now working for software reimplementation from version R7(TAFC) to R18(TAFJ Arrangement Architecture).
Provide Arrangement architecture (AA) T24 Technical training to the Bank team.
Install the t24 R18 full software.
Prepare FSD and TSD and IDD for some developments.
Managing the servers and development transformation.
• CHID Bank., Myanmar ( 17 Nov 2019 – 14 Nov 2020)
I am worked here for manage service.
Solving miscellaneous problem like as operational, system as well as development etc.
Developed and integrate CBMNET2 with t24 CBS. Main features of integrations are RTGS priority, RTGS LSF, ACH faster payment, ACH bulk payment. The integration API is locally customized based on SOAP.
• IPDC Finance Ltd., Bangladesh( 01 February 2018 – 16 Nov 2019)
I have worked here as a technical team leader for AA R18 implementation.
Developed Block Chain Management API using Interaction Framework (IRIS Restful API).
Provided T24 technical training to the Bank team.
Local development of IPDC factoring module, local cheque management, loan classification and provision calculation as per Bangladesh requirement etc.
Prepare FSD and TSD and IDD for some developments.
Manage the servers and development transformation.
Gave post live support.
• Janata Bank Ltd., Bangladesh( 03 April 2011 – 30 September 2018)
Lead data migration and data extraction (from legacy) team.
Data migration and reconciliation with legacy data.
Development of data conversion and extraction tool using PL/SQL and C#.net.
Development of numerous FDR, TF, Loan-related reports.
Developed a local tool for the currency upload in t24.
Deploy the various local development.
Developed a model for loan write-off procedure in t24.
Development of many OFS programming.
Development of Central banking reporting system tool (using Java, Jsp,i- report, Oracle).
Setup parameter to reporting tool to extract data from T24 and transform those data into data warehouse for CBR, MIS reporting.
Locally developed the Real-time gross settlement (RTGS) integration process between t24 and RTGS.
Locally developed the transaction profile module as per Bangladesh requirement.
• Mercantile Bank Ltd., Bangladesh (24th Aug,2011 – 20 Feb 2015)
Role in data migration and reconciliation with legacy system.
Development of some Accounting, Loans, and MSS related reports.
Development of many TF related reports.
Development of Export import performance register report.
Development of new reports, module as per bank requirements.
Deploy the various local development.
Developed a data extraction tool to extract data from the t24 system.
Developed SBS3 Classification, CL2, CL3, CL4 and CL5 report.
Development of Central banking reporting system tool (using Java, Jsp,i- report, Oracle).
Setup parameter to reporting tool to extract data from T24 and transform those data into data warehouse for CBR, MIS reporting.
• Farmers Bank Ltd., Bangladesh (1st April 2013 – 20 Dec 2013)
Modifying and developing new ENQUIRY and VERSION, VERSION ROUTINE to ease the inputting system by user.
Solving various operational issues.
Deploy the various local development.
Locally developed the transaction profile module as per Bangladesh requirement.
• Prime Bank Limited., Bangladesh (1th November 2018 to 15th November)
Swift 2018 upgradation implement.
OTHER PROFESSIONAL PROJECT
• Central Banking Reporting System:
Description: This project has been developed for reporting purpose according to Bangladesh bank’s requirement. Basically, all CBS (Core Banking Solution) cannot provide all report because it degrades the performance of CBS. That’s why we developed a reporting tool for central bank reporting. Technology: Javascript, Jsp, angular js, i-report, Java (Netbean) and Oracle.
• Data Extraction and Monitoring tool:
Description: This project is helpful for extracting data from relational database. Mainly it is used during data migration.
Technology: Java (Netbean), MSSQL and Oracle.
PUBLICATION
A new technique for template matching (Internal journal of Mawlana Bhashani Science & Technology University)
PERSONAL DETAILS
Father's Name : Md. Fazlul Hoque.
Mother's Name : Alea Begam.
Date of Birth : 30 / 01 / 1987.
Permanent Address : Vill : South Betduba, P.O: Kalihati P.S : Kalihati, Dist.: Tangail.
Religion : Islam
Sex : Male
Blood Group : B+
Nationality : Bangladeshi.
Marital Status : Married.
Phone number : +880**********(Bangladesh), 099********(Myanmar) EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS
Exam Title
Concentration/
Major
Board
Institute
C.G.P.A
Pass. Year
PHd. Computer
Science and
Engineering
- Bangladesh University
of Engineering and
Technology
- Continued
(Part time)
M.Sc
Engineering
Computer
Science and
Engineering
- Mawlana Bhashani
Science and
Technology University
3.42
Out of 4
2013
B.Sc
Engineering
Computer
Science and
Engineering
- Mawlana Bhashani
Science and
Technology University
3.69
Out of 4
2009
H.S.C. Science Dhaka Kalihati College 3.90
Out of 5
2005
S.S.C. Science
Dhaka
Kalihati R S P High
School
3.50
Out of 5
2003
REFERENCE
CERTIFICATION
I do hereby declare that the above information is true and correct to the best of my knowledge.
Dr. Mohammad Motiur Rahman
Professor,
Dept. of Computer Science & Engineering
Mawlana Bhashani Science &
Technology University (MBSTU)
Mobile: +880**********
E-mail: adl31d@r.postjobfree.com
Dr. Mostofa Kamal Nasir
Professor,
Dept. of Computer Science & Engineering
Mawlana Bhashani Science & Technology
University (MBSTU)
Mobile: +880**********
E-mail: adl31d@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate