JEFFREY VARA
469-***-**** adm6l1@r.postjobfree.com https://linkedin.com/in/jeffrey-vara Irving, Texas

SOFTWARE IMPLEMENTATIONS / CUSTOMER SUCCESS MANAGER

Vetted Implementation Consultant, Project Manager, General Manager and Technical Trainer with extensive experience in SaaS software, hospitality, GAAP accounting, banking, retail, food and beverage having worked with established and new startups. Experience also includes Account Management and Construction Project Management. Experienced in IT consulting working with SaaS software and eCommerce catering to the hospitality and (GPO) Supply Chain procurement and labor management. Assisted in increasing bottom line profits for clients 10% - 20% on some instances. More than a decade experience working with cross-functional teams and alongside C+ Executives and line Managers. I am fluent in English and intermediate conversational Spanish. Key Skills Include:

Job estimation and Planning Post Implementation Support Software Configuration Training presentation Workfront Project Management Microsoft Word Financial Reporting Menu Management (OTA) Online Travel Agencies Microsoft Power Point SaaS applications Lawson ERP Software Food Service Management Salesforce CRM Profit & Loss Management Budget Preparation Microsoft Excel Supply Chain (GPO) Multi-Unit Management Risk Management Account Management Training & Development (GAAP) Financial Accounting Labor Management Cash Flow Forecasting Articulate Storyline360 Microsoft SharePoint JIRA (PMS) Property Management Solutions (RMS) Revenue Management Systems Customer Service Management Marketing Business Analytics Strategic Planning Give Smart Auction Software EDI (Electronic Data Interchange)

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Sr. Implementation Specialist III ARAMARK Dallas, TX
05/2019 – 07/2020
Working for iBuyEfficient a subsidiary of Aramark Avendra, LLC. Operational Excellence and Strategy Department traveling throughout the continental U.S. conducting client software setup and implementation as well as training and development to all end users. I was the primary point of contact for implementation. iBuyEfficient is proprietary software owned by Aramark Avendra, LLC., and gives access to client’s eCommerce online suppliers and controlling purchases through Purchase Order approval processes and AP vendor maintenance.
Delivered onsite training at client / customer site and remote web training utilizing WebEx, Zoom, Teams, and Skype.
Presenting to Groups and one-on-one to demo product to key stakeholders and end users.
Plan, develop, and conduct customer end-user training for multiple projects simultaneously.
Meet with clients / customers to assess and document project goals, scope, timeline and deliverables.
Understand and effectively communicate product features, functions, and benefits to client, emphasizing iBuyEfficient Best Practices and provided Relationship Management for ongoing routine support following implementation completion. Ensure that ERP system interfaces (API) are working and function with external accounting software to manage day-to-day business activities with procurement and compliance to internal procedures.
Managed all phases of the implementation lifecycle strategic accounts, sales turnover and kickoff to go-live launch and turnover to Relationship Management with focus on product adoption and change management.
Worked with Word Outlook Workfront SharePoint Kronos timekeeping UltiPro-My Pay Wrike Sonic Global VPN Pulse Secure Pivotal CRM Articulate360 storyline iBAU proprietary SaaS software API EDI.

Project Manager Vara’s Guest House Lodging, Cabins and RV Park Garden City, TX
06/2015 – 03/2018
Worked with brother on converting his home into a bed and breakfast. Assisted with planning and business development and supervised remodel of the home to meet the basic hospitality requirements which included build out of NEW cabins and a RV park.
Supervised NEW construction and remodel of home, cabins, and RV park additions, which included water sewage, cable, electrical, and RV pads with covers and landscaping as well as common use laundry facility.
Delivered brand-marketing material, which included social media, working with opaque travel sites to maximize room ADR and occupancy. Increased sales by a run-rate average of 30% on new business.
Prepared annual budgets, business plan, and on online marketing to include revenue management.

Jeffrey Vara adm6l1@r.postjobfree.com Page 2

Resource Management Implementation Consultant Unifocus Carrollton, TX
04/2013 – 05/2015
A Dynamic Workforce Optimization Solutions company providing consulting services on Improving Productivity, Simplifying & Automating Complex Tasks, and Optimizing Workflow in Hospitality, Restaurants, Retail, and Healthcare. As a Resource Management Consultant we conducted time studies and assisting in reduction of labor costs for hotels working for Hilton’s Center of Operational Excellence for Hilton branded Hotels and Resorts, as well as Four Seasons and Loews Hotels in the United States, Canada, and Puerto Rico.
Project Manager for the through the entire life cycle that included planning, forecasting, scheduling, budgeting, operations analysis and deliverables. To include Change and Risk Management.
Worked with internal and external IT staff to troubleshoot software interphases (API) with 3rd party software companies that connect with LMS. Third party connectivity with companies such as ADP, Kronos, PeopleSoft Human Resources (HCM) to name a few.
Directing, managing and completing the analysis and development of performance standards tied to the work requirements/demands, while accounting for the individual labor needs and processes required for success.
Managed project timelines, deliverables, resources, tasks, cost estimates, escalating, reporting communicating, report status, presentations, risk management, and multiple project management.
Worked with various systems from JIRA Salesforce SharePoint ORACLE Kronos ADP Ceridian.

Area General Manager Coakley & Williams Management Greenbelt, MD
08/2010 – 12/2012
Supervised 3 branded hotels as an Area General Manager working with Project Manager of financial institution to turnaround hotels and assist in increasing bottom line profits and make hotels marketable to new prospects.
Increased sales by 20% in one year working with local Convention and Visitor Bureau and travel receptive in Branson area and local cities and working with opaque travel web sites and overseeing Revenue Management within my district.
Supervised Business Development of ALL 3 hotels performing cold calls, networking and supervising in-house Sales team. 70% of time spent on Sales.

Project Manager Bluegreen Corporation Gordonsville, VA
10/2008 – 04/2010
Project Management working with Bluegreen Development on new resorts operations working with Architects and Designers on build out and opening new resort the “Wilderness Traveler at Shenandoah Crossing”.
Team Lead of ALL managed retail operations in Mid-West region (7) hotels on Project Management and NEW resort build outs.
Supervised construction project for NEW resort addition of Cabins, Yurts, RV site, resort facility check-in center, convenience store, deli, catering facility, amphitheater, owners lounge, aquatics area and splash zone.
Prepared Annual Budgets and Marketing Plans and presented to 7-HOA boards for approval.

ADDITIONAL RELEVANT EXPERIENCE

Bank Center Manager Bank of America Dallas, TX 2006 - 2008
Business Consultant MRE Company Fort Worth, TX 2005 - 2006
General Manager Bluegreen Corporation Branson, MO 2004 - 2005
Accounting Manager Interstate Hotels & Resorts, Inc. Irving, TX 2002 - 2004
General Manager BFX Hospitality, Inc. Fort Worth, TX 1993 - 2002

EDUCATION
MS in Hospital Administration Texas Tech Health Science Lubbock, TX (In progress)
BA in Business Management Dallas Baptist University Dallas, TX 1996
Contact this candidate