RANJITHA RAVINDRAN
934-***-****
Email adm7h1@r.postjobfree.com
To pursue a challenging career and be a part of progressive organization that gives a scope to enhance my knowledge and utilizing my skills towards the growth of the organization”.
EXPERIENCE
13-09-2017-TILL PRESENT
TEST ENGINEER, RUSADA INDIA PVT. LTD.
I have gained decent knowledge on basic Airline & MRO operations and have also worked on key modules of the M&E / MRO business suite.
Knowledge in MRO functions and activities like Aircraft parts and components life cycles, Base maintenance and line maintenance activities, Aircraft part installs and removals, Work Orders, Maintenance Items, Forecast.
Done Unit Testing on Customer logged bugs and sorted out most of the functional errors.
Logged more Internal bugs in order to improvise the quality of the product.
Worked on the User story developments and written test cases based on the spec provided.
Worked for the major Customers of RUSADA like ADA, NHV, AirTanker, Airworks, KLPD during the release.
Provided Functional Training on Envision Maintenance module for new joinees. PROJECTS WORKED ON
ABU DHABI AVIATION – HELICOPTER OPERATOR IN MIDDLE EAST PROJECT SYNOPSIS:
Abu Dhabi Aviation is the largest commercial helicopter operator in the Middle East, operating 54 helicopters. They are using our Aviation software Product
‘ENVISION’, mainly for recording their Aircraft’s maintenance data such as Fleet Management.
The main goal of this project is to take the product to the next level by enhancing the functionality of Fleet Management which will help the user to record their Aircraft’s details in an easy and quick way with the help of the product’s better performance.
RESPOSIBILITIES:
Identification of test cases for Maintenance module and Work order to perform regression.
2
Performed testing based on the customer scenarios like Forecasting, Maintenance Items, Life code and Log book, Maintenance Schedule, Attach/Detach Scenarios, Work Orders.
Logged bugs and gets fixed before release of the build.
Greatly enhanced in the quality testing and lowered the number of errors.
Back-end data verification, update data, Search records.
Provided a quality release with minimum of functional errors.
Analyzes the feasibility of the product and ensured the system design fits the needs of the Customer.
AIR TANKER SERVICES – BRITISH CHARTER AIRLINE
PROJECT SYNOPSIS :
AirTanker has responsibility for delivering, maintaining and supporting, the tasking of Voyager to provide a cutting-edge air-to-air refuelling (AAR) operational capability to the RAF. They are using our Aviation software Product ‘ENVISION’, mainly for recording their Aircraft’s maintenance data in Tech Record Module. The main goal of this project was to deploy the Aircraft’s Maintenance Program Check report, which will be verified during their audit checks. Along with these we have also deployed them with few enhancement which improved the performance of our product, particularly in Tech Record Module.
RESPOSIBILITIES:
Identification of test cases for Maintenance module and Work order to perform regression.
Comparison of actual and expected results based on the executed test cases.
Defines and documents customer business functions and processes.
Performed testing based on the customer scenarios like Forecasting, Maintenance Items, Life code and Log book, Maintenance Schedule, Attach/Detach Scenarios.
Logged bugs and gets fixed before release of the build.
Greatly enhanced in the quality testing and lowered the number of errors.
Back-end data verification, update data, Search records. 28-04-2016 TO 11-08-2017
TEST ENGINEER, RAMCO SYSTEMS LIMITED
During the past 1.4 year of tenure in Ramco, I have gained decent knowledge on basic Airline & MRO operations and have also worked on key modules of the Ramco M&E / MRO business suite.
Preparing Test cases, Functional Testing, Smoke Testing, Regression Testing & Integrated Testing.
Primarily worked on Maintenance & Materials modules as a part of the Base Aviation Support team to help resolve clarifications / issues logged by various Aviation customers from different geographies.
Acting as a customer champion (Single Point of Contact) for Cobham Airline, Conair and Orange.
3
Interact directly with customers and providing clarification on their queries about the functionality of maintenance and material modules, take their feedback on issues which needs immediate attention.
Track the issues logged for various aviation customers and circulate status reports across aviation teams in order to have a record of inflow and outflow defects.
Simulation of defects reported by customers and as a technical consultant in troubleshooting of defects in order to provide the accurate fix.
Taking presentation about basics of maintenance and materials modules for technical consultant and new joiners to help them to understand the business operations. Sending status reports to customers about defects logged by customers and provided solutions to those by Ramco team.
Knowledge in RAMCO Issue Tracking System (RTRACK) to track customer reported and internally logged defects.
EDUCATION
MAY 2015
B.E. AERONAUTICAL, SSIET (7.5/10)
MARCH 2011
HSC, STANES ANGLO INDIAN SCHOOL (85.20)
MARCH 2009
SSLC, KENDRIYA VIDYALAYA (61)
SKILLS
Good at Presentation
Leadership skill
Effective in communication
Problem Solving
Adaptability & Flexibility. Analysis.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Aviation Business Knowledge
Test case Preparation
Regression Testing
Basic SQL Knowledge.
Functional Testing
4
INTERN PROJECT
“Vibration control of helicopter using Anti-Resonance Isolation System (ARIS). The project was done in HAL, Helicopter Division, Bengaluru. This project deals with the concept of designing and modelling of ARIS, with increased efficiency.
ACHIEVEMENT
Awarded Best Tester for the year 2018 in RUSADA.
Awarded as a Best Presenter for the year 2018 in RUSADA.
Published a paper titled, “VIBRATION CONTROL OF HELICOPTER USING ANTI RESONANCE ISOLATION SYSTEM (ARIS)” in International Journal of Applied Engineering Research (ISSN 0973-4562) Volume 10, Number 9 (2015).
Awarded as a quick learner and best performer for the year 2016 in Ramco.
Awarded as a star performer in Testing for the 2017 in Ramco.
Awarded as a Best Outgoing Student for the year 2015 in SSIET. I do hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge. Ranjitha R
Contact this candidate