HEMALATHA V
Operation Manager

No: */*, Bharathi Street, Kamarajapuram, Velachery, Chennai - 600042
Email-id: adndr5@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile: +91-893*******

Career Objective
Over 13.5 years of Leadership, Training and Teaching experience. Managed and supervised technical and professional development courses for a major organization. Lead, trained and developed individuals resulting in career advancement.

Professional Experience

Operation Manager
Integrated Institute of Facility Management (IIFM) - July 2018 – Present

Prepare and develop lesson strategy and curriculum in accordance with current training, methodologies, theories and practices.
Serves as training consultant and advisor for group practice management by assisting in establishing policy and curriculum on matters pertaining to training and leader development.
Developing new technical skills in students and managing the learning function.
Review course critiques using relevant methodologies to ascertain the effectiveness of course content and quality of instruction.
Conduct or arrange for ongoing technical training and personal development classes for staff members.
Develop and implement innovative instructional methods.
Develop professional logistics to improvise student performance.

Pro-Term Lecturer in the Electronics Department
Mohammad Sathak A J College Of Engineering - August 2012 – February 2016

Delivered scheduled lectures to the students
Collected educational information and taught to students during the classes
Conveyed subject matter and lecture to the students in a creative way
Ensured completion of assigned syllabus within the time frame given
Taught fundamentals of Circuits and Electronics laboratory to Undergraduate students.
Also, instructed laboratory components such as Integrated Circuit Chips, Proto Boards and Electronic Instruments such as Oscilloscopes, Signal Generator and Power Supplies.
Graded and taught courses of Electric Circuit Analysis, Electronic Circuits, Analog Devices and Circuits and Xilinx.
Taught Electronic tool software’s like OR Cad, Tanner, PCB board.
Taught VLSI tools like Xilinx, Multisim.

Technical Assistant in the Electronics Department

Indian Institute of Information Technology Design & Manufacturing - June 2009 – Aug 2012

Develops departmental training curriculum and revises it as products roll out and/or change.
Oversees training department schedules for course production and execution.
Designs, builds and implement instructor-led training with corresponding knowledge assessments.
Designing, Autocad, Automation, Cables, Ethernet, Fiber Optics, Layout Design
Modelling, Network, Oscilloscopes, PLC, Power Supplies, Signal Generators
Simulations, Switches, System Design, Transformers, VLSI
Packages – MS Office, MS Word, MS Excel, Power Point, Tex and Latex

Paginator and Formatter

Laser words Private Limited - August 2007 to June 2009

Typesetting with tools like TEX, LATEX and XML
Quality testing in the final deliverables

Electronic Tool Software used

Cadence, Xilinx, LabVIEW, OR cad, P-Spice, Multisim, Tanner, Matlab

Academic Qualification

Master of Engineering in VLSI at Sri Ramanujar Engineering College, Chennai, 2016 with
8.3 CGPA
Bachelor of Electronics and Communication Engineering at Sri Ramanujar Engineering College, Chennai, 2007 with 72%
Higher Secondary Certificate at Vana Vani Matriculation Higher Secondary School, IIT Madras, Chennai, 2003 with 82%

Skills Acquired

Excellent communication and leadership skills with ability to present information to a variety of skill levels.
Remain knowledgeable on research and new technologies and methodologies in workplace learning and training to improve the efficiency of training services.
Hands on experience in some aspects of design flows such as Floor Planning, Routing, Placement Optimization and Physical Verification.
Hands on experience in creation of VHDL Testbench, RTL Simulation, Post-Layout / Gate Level Simulation, FPGA on-board Debugging and Testing

Personal Details

Date of Birth : 05-11-1985 Husband’s Name : Vinodh S Nationality : Indian
Gender : Female
Linguistic Fluency : English, Tamil and Telugu

Declaration

I hereby declare that the particulars furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Date:
Place: Chennai (HEMALATHA V)
Contact this candidate