Anik Barua
Contact detail:
Summary:
I have total 11 years’ experience on IE, Lean and costing in different retail brands and manufacturing organization. Currently I have engaged as Technical trainer position with a garment industries development project run by Ethical apparel Africa sourcing and other partners in Ghana. I am responsible for implementing the SOP’s of Quality, production and IE concept to develop in the Ghana apparel industries. I was in Tesco sourcing as “Industrial Engineer-Technical”. There I was responsible for Quality, Productivity and cost saving projects under Tesco. My career started with Lean manufacturing consultant at Dagher consulting group. The ultimate reflection of my projects on developed the Quality culture and productivity enhancement in the total value chain.
Target Industry:
Manufacturing and Retail industries.
Experience:
Technical trainer – Ethical apparel Africa sourcing ltd. Sister concern -GATA (West Africa-Ghana)
Nov 2020 – Present
1. Conduct practical need through the assessment in the factory 2. Prepare action plan (training need and implementation) based on assessment result 3. Provide result-oriented project in Ghana garments factory 4. Conduct feasibility study and remove barrier by the participation of partners -AGAM Industrial Engineer-Technical at Tesco international sourcing July 2014 – Nov 2020
1. Analyze open costing in Bangladesh and Pakistan and review the finding for cost saving 2. Design recommendation for TESCO and supplier both and implement the cost saving options which ultimate bring the cost saving for TESCO.
3. Review my team cost saving record in Bangladesh, Shanghai and Hong Kong and feed back to top management on total savings
4. Establish accurate SMVs' by GSD and delivered reduced garment cost through implementation of Industrial engineering tool.
5. Conduct cost-effective analysis at the development stage for reducing Fabric, Thread Consumption cost and product simplification for the Cost of Manufacture (CM). 6. Implement different quality tool in the ground to Improve TESCO final inspection pass rate. 7. Drive cultural changes across factory to implement the Lean manufacturing master plan for Process 8. Create training documents and conduct training for operational, mid and top-level management on cost savings
Email address adnhgj@r.postjobfree.com/adnhgj@r.postjobfree.com Mobile no
Ghana +233*********
Bangladesh +880**********
Country Bangladesh
Website: bd.linkedin.com/pub/anik-barua/40/559/109/ 9. Endorse Kaizen event to our supplier base for improving Cost, Quality and on time shipment 10. Managing result oriented Manufacturing excellence project to Tesco supplier base to reach them upto the standard
11. Generate various report (Cost dashboard, DHU, Pareto, Stock fabric etc.) for my Line manager and senior management impact on Quality at first time.
12. Educate TESCO supplier TCQC on Quality fundamental to achieve Right First Time Approach IE and Planning Manager at Denim plus ltd.
Jan 2014 - Jun 2014
1. Establish SMV for accurate costing 2. Conduct cost-effective analysis at product development stage. 3. Finding opportunities to reduce SMV using MTM and GSD 4. Train and guide floor and mid-level management on Standard operating procedure. 5. Able to set vision for top management on cost saving 6. Implementing IE tools and technique to reduce the Cost per minute (CPM). Manufacturing Engineering consultant - Dagher consulting group Aug 2010 – Jan 2014
1. Able to set milestone for managing project. 2. Trained operational and mid-level management on Lean concept 3. Trained Top management on the Lean concept and its benefit 4. Established GSD based SMV of garment to estimate accurate cost. 5. Implemented innovative idea for reduction of SMV 6. Established cost- effective analysis at product development stage. 7. Worked on Cost management. Professional certification:
Expert on
Certified on Certified by
- Lean Manufacturing
- GSD expert
Lean Sensei
GSD practitioner (license no -13736)
George and DCg – 2013
GSD corporate ltd - 2014
Skill foundation program:
Performed by Anik, Engineering manufacturing consultant of Dagher consulting group. EDUCATION:
1. B.Sc. in Industrial and Production Engineering (IPE) Shah Jalal University of science and Technology, Session: 2004-2008 2. MBA – Business management, North south university: 2018 3. Higher secondary school certificate (HSC) Science group: 2003 4. Secondary school certificate (SSC) Science group: 2002 Training and Certifications:
Organization Name Year of Training Focus of Training Dagher consulting
group(DCg)
2011-2012 Lean Manufacturing
Solution for management international 2014-2015 Production and HR (Absenteeism and Turnover) improvement
COATS 2014 Up skilling on Thread (construction, consumption) Partnership for cleaner textile 2015 Water, energy and Gas savings Personal Information:
Name Father
Name
Date of
Birth
Gender Nationality Marital status
No of depended
Anik
Barua
Ashim
Barua
13.12.85 Male Bangladesh Married 7
Reference:
Mahbubur Rashid Babul
Job Title: Engineering management
Consultant-Lean manufacturing expert
Company Name: Dagher consulting group
Phone Number: +880**********
Shakeel Monsur
Finance Manager (Bangladesh and
Turkey)
Tesco International sourcing Bangladesh
Mobile: +880****-******
Signature
Anik Barua.
12/03/2020
Contact this candidate