Curriculum Vitae of Tumie Pheto
First Name: Tumie Tiro * Surname: Pheto* ID Number: 821*********** Nationality: South African* Dependants: Two Marital Status: Married* Date of birth: 21/11/1982* Contact numbers: 072-***-**** or 083-***-*****Driver’s license: code 08*

Tumie Pheto’s personal
Characteristics:
Reliable, responsible and enthusiastic individual, self-motivated and conscientious. Strong interpersonal, analytical and communication skills, relating effectively with clients and colleagues at all levels. Able to work on own initiative and as part of a team.

Experience

Famous Brands
Position Held : Franchise Consultant (Debonairs Pizza)
January 2019 – June 2021
Duties and Key outputs of Franchise Consultant Role:
The role of the Franchise Consultant is to manage, develop and grow our Franchise Partners to an extent whereby they enjoy an above average return on their investment, contributing towards the brand becoming the brand of choice for both potential investors and consumers.

Key outputs of Franchise Consultant role
Assist with the development and implementation of Franchisee specific business plans and budgets
Interpret monthly management accounts, benchmark, and suggest corrective actions where necessary
Protect brand integrity via implementation and measurement of Standards of Operations Programmes
Identify and communicate formal training needs to the training department for training intervention
Monitor and feedback information about competitor activity within the region
Identify in-store training needs and implement on the job training interventions and coaching
Assist franchisees in selecting and formulating locality marketing strategies in order to increase brand awareness and grow their business turnovers
Ensure implementation of national marketing campaigns
Enforce correct use of all supporting elements i.e. point of sale, premiums etc
Act as brand custodian and ensure brand integrity is protected at all times via adherence to all requirements across key functions namely, Operations, Development, HR and Marketing

Key attributes and competencies
Strong Communication, Organisational, Operational and People Skills
Highly presentable
Developed analytical and problem-solving abilities
Strong interpersonal skills
Energetic self-starter
A hands-on approach to problem solving
Fanatical attention to detail
Strong customer service orientation
Willing to travel
Excellent telephone skills and etiquette
Brand focused attitude
Ability to reason and problem solve
Build and maintain a professional working relationship with all customers (including internal customers) at all times
Organising and planning skills
Able to operate under pressure
Self-motivator and self-starter
Able to work in teams
Persuasive
Strong achievement orientation
Self-managed
Computer literacy (MS Office, PowerPoint, Excel)
Fluent in English and other languages

Position Held : Training Consultant (Mugg and Bean
and FEGO)
January 2015 – December 2018

Duties and Key outputs of Training Consultant Role:
Their core responsibility of a Training Consultant is to facilitate and develop training programs.
They evaluate current training and educational programs and suggest ways to improve or replace existing programs and also work together with functional experts to develop programs that achieve the defined learning and business objectives.
The training consultant job description also entails modifying, revising, and updating the content of existing training programs, creating course materials and teaching aids, including graphics, visuals, and audio content to support content delivery, skill evaluations, and final assessments.

The core tasks, duties, and responsibilities of a Training Consultant:
Deliver training programs and workshops to employees or clients that motivate, improve competencies and performance, and directly impact results
Utilize individual or group performance results to check the effectiveness of training
Gather feedback on sessions from attendees for improving future content and presentation
Design a new training program and upgrade existing programs, including lesson plans and training aids as needed
Recommend resources and strategies that support and lead to market success and goal achievement
Diagnose learning issues that will help people do better and assist team members in measuring and enhancing training results
Responsible for developing consistent and positive client/learner interactions
Responsible for identifying and communicating learning gaps to the Learning Development Team
Responsible for facilitating the delivery and execution of technology-based training
Responds to student questions and augment course content as needed
Effectively utilize current learning delivery platforms and tools to deliver training
Adjust presentations to accommodate the needs of the audience
Communicate technical complexities of software in a simple manner.
SAB Ltd
Position Held : Customer Relationship Rep
May 2010 – December 2014

Duties and Key outputs of Customer Relationship Rep:
The role of a Customer Relationship Rep within SAB Ltd is to help customers with order placing, complaints and questions also provide customers with information about products and services and also process returns.

The core tasks, duties, and responsibilities of a Customer Relationship Rep:
Maintaining a positive, empathetic, and professional attitude toward customers at all times.
Responding promptly to customer inquiries.
Communicating with customers through various channels.
Acknowledging and resolving customer complaints.
Knowing our products inside and out so that you can answer questions.
Processing orders, forms, applications, and requests.
Keeping records of customer interactions, transactions, comments, and complaints.
Communicating and coordinating with colleagues as necessary.
Providing feedback on the efficiency of the customer service process.
Managing a team of junior customer service representatives.
Ensure customer satisfaction and provide professional customer support.

Dimension Data. : Mas Billing Agent
January 2008 – April 2010
Duties and Key outputs of Mas Billing Agent:
MAS Billing Agent role is to create invoices, credit memos, update accounting records, customer information, and send payment reminders, also answer any queries.

The core tasks, duties, and responsibilities of a MAS Billing Agent:
Creating and issuing invoices to customers.
Processing credit memos.
Preparing account statements for customers.
Following up on outstanding payments and answering customer queries.
Monitoring all payments and preparing monthly billing reports.
Managing account balances and resolving inconsistencies.
Assisting the accounting department with the preparation of financial reports.
Updating accounting records with issued invoices, processed payments, new balances, and customer contact information

Dimension Data. : Technical Advisor
January 2005 – December 2007
Duties and Key outputs of Technical Advisor:
Role of a Technical advisor is to assist in developing and implementing program reviews. Also, to render their knowledge and skills to customers with any technical issue they might come across.
The core tasks, duties, and responsibilities of a Technical Advisor:
Support to develop and execute all program reviews.
Provide technical advice as well as expertise to customers
Define, develop and review all existing and proposed applications for technical design plus development of all major customer or server projects.
Coordinate technical activities amongst technicians, home users, computer along with communication networks.
Present technical assistance for applications of advanced theory, principles, concepts and methods to customers.
Develop and maintain strong human relations as well as convey required skills.

Reference

Famous Brands
Operations Manager : David Switala
Contact : Cell 083*******
Email Address : ado6z2@r.postjobfree.com

Training Manager : Hilda Sekgethela
Contact : cell +278********
Email Address : ado6z2@r.postjobfree.com

Professional qualifications/ Education

Secondary details for Senior Certificate
High School attended : St Matthews High School
Year : 2000
Subjects : English: Afrikaans: Accounting: Hotel keeping & Catering: Southern Sotho: Mathematics
Tertiary details
Institution attended : Rosebank College
Qualification : Certificate in Graphic Design
Majored in : Freehand Drawing, Corol Drawing, History of art & Typography, Photoshop, Office Computing, Art & Design, Graphic Software, Business Communication, Business Science, Web Development & Design

Tumie Tiro Pheto
Contact this candidate