RESUME
Mumtaz Ullah
Aliganj, Lucknow
U.P.
India
Mobile No.: +91-817*******
Email ID -adoet5@r.postjobfree.com
Alternate Email ID -adoet5@r.postjobfree.com
Skype –Mumtaz.ullah2
Professional Profile
Business Knowledge - Experience to develop and support different supply chain management, financial and cost accounting local and international off-the-shelf software's solutions. I have worked on SAP business One different modules like A/P, A/R, MRP and CRM to various integrated systems related to Finance, CRM, Supply Chain, Procurement, Sales and Marketing. MIS Report and dashboards are used to give more clear pictures of supply chain metrics.
Professional Summary
Microsoft Certified Professional with 10+ years of experience in Requirement Analysis, Coding, design, Unit Testing, Implementation and execution using Microsoft technologies, SAP Business One and SAP ABAP.
Excellent understanding of OOP (Object Oriented Programming), Winforms, ASP.NET, SQL Server, Windows Services.
Involved in delivering technical design document using UML (Use cases, Class diagrams, Activity diagrams etc.).
Having good knowledge on SAP UI DI.
Having good knowledge in reporting technologies like crystal, SAP crystal dashboard design and SQL Server reporting services (SSRS).
Having 11 full cycle implementation and support experience and executed SAP business one 2007 B, SAP Business One 8.8,8.81,8.82,9.0,9.1,9.2, 9.3 & 10
Key Skills
Problem solving skills for enhancing the satisfaction of users
Good communication skill with effective levels of interaction with senior management, managers & peers, within the firm as well as with the client teams. Equipped with very good interpersonal, analytical and communication skills.
Ability to prioritize and make operational plans to meet the team and project goals.
Dedicated, adaptive, ability to deliver quality work coupled with a willingness to learn & achieve more and have a keen eye for details.
Able to grasp new ideas quickly. Excellent organizational ability - working well under pressure.
Experience in product demonstration and training.
Good knowledge in process adherence, quality and product usability
Strong Team leader
Technical Skills
ERP SAP Business One 2007A,8.8,8.81,9.0,9.1, 9.2,9.3,10 SAP R/3 (4.6C/ 4.7/ ECC 6.0)
Programming Languages VB.Net, C#, Visual Basic 6.0 Front End Tools Visual Source Code, Visual Studio Community 2019, Visual Studio 2017 RDBMS SAP HANA 2.0, MS SQL Server 2000/2005/2008/2008R2/2012/2016/2019 SAP Business One Knowledge Base SAP UI DI and SAP Business One Service Layer SAP ABAP Skills
Classical reports and Interactive reports.
Data migration techniques such as BDC.
ABAP Dictionary, SAP scripts and Smartforms.
Webdynpro, Adobe Forms, SAP BAPI’s & Workflow.
SAP ABAP Upgrade including SPAU, SPDD and Custom Objects.
IDOC, BAPI, BADI and BDC.
Good exposure in Module Pool Programming, SD, MM, FI & PM. Web Technologies and Tools ASP.net, MVC, OpenUI5, SAPUI5, jQuery, JavaScript, CSS Functional Skills
Expertise in Handling the people with multi culture
Expertise in leading the team
Expertise in systems integration, project planning, execution, monitoring and resource balancing skills with ability to support multiple simultaneous projects.
Implementation experience in all the phases of a life cycle, including kick off, blueprinting, gap analysis, mapping, design, configuration, testing, go-live, end-user training and pre/post production support in SAP Business One
Expertise into DTW (Data Transfer workbench) – Data conversion from legacy into SAP Business one. Like Vendor master data, customer master data, Item master data, chart of accounts, Open Purchase Order, Initial Opening Balances (Vendor/Customer, GL &amp, Inventory)
Expertise into Production Module along with customization of special cases
Expertise into FMS (formatted search)
Expertise into designing of report using Query Generators
Functional Experience to complex business process mapping into the SAP Business One using customization
(ADD On development)
Expertise into using training &amp, Manuals
Extensive experience with preparing functional and technical specifications, user manuals, production support and developing various reports for users.
Expertise in configuration of GL accounts for auto Journal posting.
Expertise in validation and approval procedure based on business requirement.
Expertise in Sales, Purchase, Production, Banking &amp, Finance, Inventory management
Expertise in report generation
Academic Credentials
(Master of Computer Application) from UPRTOU
(Master of Science (IT.)) from Allahabad Agriculture Institute (Deemed University) Allahabad
(Bachelors of Science) from C.C. Singh University Meerut Certification
70-461: Querying Microsoft SQL Server 2012
70-463: Implementing a data warehouse with Microsoft SQL Server 2012 Executive Summary Relevant Exp.: - 10+ years
Currently working with EJADA SYSTEM, UAE(Dubai) (May 2018 –Till Date)
Currently working with Scan Technology (LLC), UAE(Dubai) (Jan 2015 –May-2018)
Previously working with Achieve IT Solutions, India (May 2013 –May-2015)
Previously Worked with Uneecops Technologies Pvt. Ltd, India (Dec-2010 to May. 2013)
Previously Worked with DATAMAN IT SOLUTIONS Pvt. Ltd., India (Aug 2008 – Dec-2010) SAP Business One Add On: -
I was leading the following add on development:
SN.O. Add on Name Description Environment Industry 1. Warehouse
management
system (WMS)-
Achieve IT.
Solutions
The WMS functionalities means that
WMS can manage warehouses not as an
isolated 4-wall box but as part of a
connected material and information
network.
It integrates dock and yard
management, returns management,
labour and quality management.
C#, SAP UI and DI,
SQL Server and
crystal report
Logistic domain
2. Scan EasyPay
and Payroll
(ScanHR)
Employee registration to leaving
organisation, manage salary calculation,
payroll process, WPS and e-commerce
functionality for salary submission of
employee.
C#, SAP UI and DI,
SQL Server and
crystal report
Human resource
domain
3. ScanSupplySyste
m
ScanSupplySystem functionality means
that Scan supply system can manage all
stage of supply of any production order
from order enquiry, quotation,
production of order to till delivery of
order.
C#, SAP UI and DI,
SQL Server and
crystal report
Manufacturing-
woods doors and
accessories of
building.
4. UNI-Excise
Report System
(UNIEXCR)
UNI Excise report system functionality
means that UNIEXCR can manage all
report as per law Indian excise duty e.g.,
sales register, purchase register and RG
registers.
C#, SAP UI and DI,
SQL Server and
crystal report
Service and
manufacturing
domain
5. UNIKIND UNIKIND functionality means that
UNIKIND can manage
all stage of production of medicines from
quality check of raw material, quality
check of finish good at all stage in
production life cycle to release of finish
good.
C#, SAP UI and DI,
SQL Server and
crystal report
Pharmaceuticals
manufacturing
domain.
Project Detail
1. PROJECT NAME: Al Fahidi GAS Trading LLC (SAP Business one customization and Integration)
Scope of Project: The Al fahidi GAS trading LLC is Dubai (UAE) based company is dealing in GAS trading and real estate. Al fahidi is using web based online portal for management of GAS meter reading and flat management of building activity and SAP Business One for finance and inventory management. I have customized SAP B1 form for management of emailing Generation of A/R invoices to client and payment receiving from client. Team Size: 3
Role: Functional/Technical Lead
Role and Responsibility:
Designed and Developed WCF services to import real time data from web application to SAP business one (Item Master, Business Partner and A/R Invoice) and post payment status from SAP Business one to web application. Developed high-level solution designs compliant with target architectures. Designed and Developed WCF service for uploading account statement of tenant from SAP to Web application. Designed and Developed Print layout and MIS report with crystal. Environment: Net Framework 4.0 (C#, WCF, SAP HANA, SAP UI DI, Crystal report)
• Plan, monitor, organize and control all project activities
• Conduct Steering meetings, progress meeting and report to Client about the progress status of the project
• Prepare progress status report
• Design and configuration of SAP Business One
• User manuals, Business Blue Print document
• Technical Documentation
• Conducting training to the users
• Control and monitor day-to-day aspects of the project progress
• Communicate and provide project information/status to Client
• Resolve issues and manage change request
• Arrange and obtain resource commitments
• Ensure project delivery as per spelt out in proposal
• Guidance to consultants
2. PROJECT NAME: Kawkab Al Omniyat LLC (SAP Business one customization and Integration)
Scope of Project: The Omniyat LLC is Dubai (UAE) based Company which dealing in Online shopping. Omniyat is using Webasyst online ERP for management of all online shopping activity and SAP Business One for finance and inventory management. I have customized SAP B1 form for management of emailing invoices to client and payment receiving from client.
Team Size: 4
Role: Technical Lead Consultant
Role and Responsibility:
Designed and developed SAP forms for (deduct invoice payment from online banking, posting incoming payment) to enhance the SAP B1 capabilities. The solutions encapsulate communications between application and data store (SAP HANA) through SAP DI API, a consistent error-handling strategy was defined across all the levels in solutions Applications, effective State Management and more. Content Management strategy was designed for such applications.
Designed and Developed WCF services to import real time data from web application to SAP business one (Item Master and sales order) and post item stock from SAP Business one to web application. Designed and Developed hundreds of crystal reports on SAP Business One. Designed and Developed hundreds of MIS reports on SAP Business One with SQL Server Reporting Service (SSRS). Environment: .Net Framework 4.0 (C#, WCF, SAP HANA, SAP UI DI, Crystal report and SSRS) 3. PROJECT NAME: DIGIPHOTO ENTERTAINMENT IMAGEING(DEI) (SAP Business one customization and Integration)
Scope of Project: DEI (Digiphoto Entertainment Imaging) is the world’s leading souvenir imaging provider to theme parks, water parks, resorts and leisure attractions. DEI serves as an 'exclusive operating partner' providing end-to-end infrastructure for imaging solutions. DEI aims to help attractions provide memorable keepsakes whilst growing imaging revenue.
DEI is using online web portal for managing sales order and invoice management and SAP Business One for managing inventory, sales and financial activity.
Team Size: 3
Role: Technical Lead Consultant
Role and Responsibility:
Designed and developed SAP forms for (deduct invoice payment from online banking, posting incoming and outgoing payment) to enhance the SAP B1 capabilities. The solutions encapsulate communications between application and data store (SQL Server 2012) through SAP DI API, a consistent error-handling strategy was defined across all the levels in solutions Applications, effective State Management and more. Content Management strategy was designed for such applications.
Designed and Developed WCF services to import real time data from web application to SAP business one (Sales Order and Business Partner) and post newly added or updated Item Master, Item Master stock from SAP Business one to web application.
Designed and Developed hundreds of MIS reports on SAP Business One with crystal report. Environment: .Net Framework 4.0 (C#, WCF, SQL Server 2012, SAP UI DI, Crystal report) 4. PROJECT NAME: Estea Fire services LLC (SAP Business One Customization and Integration)
Scope of Project: The Estea L.L.C. is California (USA) based Company which dealing in fire securities in building. The estea is largest fire security equipment service provider of USA. Estea is using CINTAS ERP for management of all activity and SAP Business One for finance management. I have customized SAP B1 form for management of emailing invoices to client and payment receiving from client. I have integrated SAP Business one and Cintas for Financial data from Cintas and to Cintas. Team Size: 3
Role: Technical Consultant
Role and Responsibility:
1. Requirement analysis, Designing, Coding, Unit Testing, deployment and troubleshooting etc. 2. Implemented and developed on site multiple forms and reports. 3. Developed SOAP based WCF services for manage Add sales order, A/R Invoice, A/R Credit memo, A/P Invoices, Incoming Payment and outgoing payment etc. 4. Developed Console based application and task scheduler to consume WCF services which developed by Cintas Team to manage and tracking payment status of invoices, payment and dispatch Invoice to client. 5. Developed SOAP based WCF service for send alert to the client for via SMS. 6. Designed and developed reports on SAP Business One with crystal report Environment: .Net Framework 4.0 (C#, SQL SERVER2008R2, SAP UI DI, Crystal report and WCF) 5. PROJECT NAME: Incentex of Vero beach LLC (SAP Business One Customization and Integration)
Scope of Project: The Incentex Vero Beach L.L.C. is Florida (USA) based Company which dealing in shipping of Clothes Across all over world.
Team Size: 3
Role: Technical Consultant
Role and Responsibility:
1. Requirement gathering, GAP (As is to be) analysis, Designing, Coding, Unit Testing, deployment and troubleshooting etc.
2. Designed, Implement, maintained forms and crystal reports. 3. Developed Stored Procedure, View, Index and User Defined Functions. 4. Implemented and developed on site multiple forms and reports. 5. Developed multiple SQL jobs for export data, take backup of database and email 6. Developed SOAP based WCF services for manage Add sales order, A/R Invoice, A/R Credit memo etc. 7. Developed Console based application and task scheduler to consume WCF services which developed by World link Team to manage and tracking shipping status of order, payment and dispatch Invoice to client. 8. Developed SOAP based WCF service for send alert to the client for via SMS. Environment: .Net Framework 4.0 (C#, SQL SERVER2008R2,SAP UI DI, Crystal report and WCF) 6. PROJECT NAME: Affy Pharmaceuticals (SAP Business One Customization) Scope of Project: This is Customization with SAP Business One for manage Production flow of medicine. I have developed multiple forms to manage WIP of production, cost management of medicine, life cycle of medicine and generation of certificate of Analysis (COA) for Finish goods, Raw Material etc. Role: Technical Consultant (On Site Implementation) Team Size: 5
Role and Responsibility:
1. Requirement gathering, GAP (As is to be) analysis, Designing, Coding, Unit Testing, deployment and troubleshooting etc.
2. Involved in Object Oriented Design (UML).
3. Designed, Implement, maintained forms and crystal reports. 4. Developed Stored Procedure, View, Index and User Defined Functions. 5. Implemented and developed on site multiple forms and reports. Environment: .Net Framework 4.0 (C#, SQL SERVER2008R2,SAP UI DI, Crystal report) 7. PROJECT NAME: GOPAL JEE DAIRY (SAP Business One Customization) Role: Technical Consultant
Team Size: 3
Description: This project is developed for MIS System with SAP Business One. Here I Have Developed Multiple Reports for Department wise requirement (e.g. Administration, HR, Financial etc.). Administration: Administration Department will able to see sales analysis of milk Product in dashboard. According to sales performance and profit and loss of product administration can take decision to manage manufacturing of product.
User can upload data from EXCELL OR CSV file for daily collection of milk, Attendance of Employee Etc. Environment: .Net Framework 4.0 (C#, SQL SERVER2008R2,SAP DI UI, Crystal report, Windows Service) 8. PROJECT NAME: Vishal Transformer (SAP Business One Customization) Scope of Project: This is Customization with SAP Business One for manage Production flow of transformer and sale. I have developed multiple forms to manage WIP of production, cost management of transformer. Role: Technical Consultant
Team Size: 2
Role and Responsibility:
1. Requirement gathering, GAP (As Is to Be) analysis, Designing, Coding, Unit Testing, deployment and troubleshooting etc.
2. Involved in Object Oriented Design (UML).
3. Designed, Implement, maintained forms and crystal reports. 4. Developed Stored Procedure, View, Index and User Defined Functions. Environment: .Net Framework 4.0 (C#, SQL SERVER2008R2,SAP DI UI, Crystal report) 9. PROJECT NAME: Fujikura (SAP Business One Customization) Scope of Project: Here I have developed solution for manage CVD for items. I have developed multiple report (e.g. Form2A, Stock Statement, Sales register Purchase Register etc.) and user will able to upload Form2A on Central Excise Website in XML format.
Role: Technical Consultant
Team Size: 2
Role and Responsibility:
1. Requirement gathering, GAP (As is to be) analysis, Designing, Coding, Unit Testing, deployment and troubleshooting etc.
2. Involved in Object Oriented Design (UML).
3. Designed, Implement, maintained forms and crystal reports. 4. Developed Stored Procedure, View, Index and User Defined Functions. Environment: .Net Framework 4.0 (C#, SQL SERVER2008R2, SAP UI DI, Crystal report) The fallowing project where I was involved as software developer SN.O. Project Name Environment Industry
1. Financial Accounting and Inventory
Management System
.Net Framework 3.0 DO.NET,
VB.NET), Crystal Reports,
WinForms, SQL Server 2000
Laxmi Trading Pvt. Ltd.
2. Financial Accounting and Trading
Management System
.Net Framework 3.0 DO.NET,
VB.NET), Crystal Reports,
WinForms, SQL Server 2000
Akash Automobiles pvt. Ltd.
(SSP For Hero Honda)
3. Service Call Management System .Net Framework 3.0 DO.NET, VB.NET), Crystal Reports,
WinForms, SQL Server 2000
HCL Service centre
(mahanagar, Lucknow, UP)
4. Ticket Billing System .Net Framework 3.0 DO.NET, VB.NET), Crystal Reports,
WinForms, SQL Server 2000
Minerva Travels (Gurgoan,
Haryana)
5. Service Solutions .Net Framework 3.0 (SAP B1
UI and DI), Crystal Report,
SQL Server2005
Excel Diesel
6. Crystal Report Solutions Crystal Report2010 Grand Prix Faridabad Personnel Detail
Name Mumtaz Ullah
Gender Male
DOB 08-October-1982
Marital Status Single
Nationality India
Permanent Address h.no-173/11,3rd ward w. dixitana, golagokrannath, distt. - lakhimpur(kheri), Pin-262802 U.P., India
Passport No. P1741131
Passport Valid up to 08-10-2026
Contact this candidate