Hassib Kaddachi
SAP Technical Consultant
SAP Technical consultant with 2 years experience in
analyzing, developing and integrating technical
needs. Participate and support diﬀerent projects
along side with open mind where adapting to new
challenges, increasing performance and sharing
knowledge is expected .
adozau@r.postjobfree.com
+216-********
Tunisia, Open to Relocate & work remotely
linkedin.com/in/hassib-kaddachi-257514133
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCES
Faurecia
SAP Abap Developer
02/2020 - Present,
Design and create speciﬁc Workﬂow capable of manipulating jobs(creation,Deletiong,modiﬁcation..) ﬂow through multiple systems using web services. The Workﬂow also automate the process of standard jobs and organise its approval . Develop programs to keep trace of diﬀerent operations in order to detect problems in production systems which are impossible to recreate in test environment in ARIBA and PDP ﬂow. Create cockpit transaction grouping speciﬁc programs dedicated to manage returnable packaging for BREXIT project. Develop and modify diﬀerent print Forms including Adobe Forms, SmartForms and SAPScripts.
Provide support for ARIBA and PDP projects along side with suggestions and optimisations for better user experience. Provide technical expertise to the development team and business analysts and provide trainings and workshops if needed. Support and Resolving Customer incidents when migrating of SAS project(RF Screens modiﬁcations, Smartforms and SAPScript adaptations ..).
WYNSYS : SAP Technical Consultant
Customer : Carrefour
08/2019 - 01/2020,
Modules : FI, MM, SD.
Develop orders, deliveries and invoices forms using smartforms, adobe forms and SapScript .
Create interfaces with ABAP OO and develop ALV reports . Enhance SAP standard functionalities (BADI, Customer Exit, Enhancement).
Write unit Test Documentations and technical speciﬁcations. Debug standard and custom code, solve problems, ﬁnd and eliminate bugs.
WYNSYS : SAP Technical Consultant
Customer : YAZAKI (Graduation Project)
02/2019 - 06/2019,
Module : FI.
Conception and development of SAP Workﬂow to manage ﬁnancial documents and facilitate human interventions through SAPUI5/FIORI interfaces.
Design and development of an SAPUI5/FIORI web application to easily manage ﬁnancial documents and keep track of their status and take actions if needed.
Develop and consume OData web services used for the SAPUI5 application.
SKILLS
ABAP ABAP OO JavaScript Workﬂow BAPIs
User Exits BADIs ODATA Fiori SapUI5
Adobe Forms Smartforms SAPSCRIPT ALV
RF Screen Python Django BlockChain C/C++
Java/JEE OSS Notes SQL
EDUCATION
Software Engineering (2016 - 2019)
Software Engineering degree from National Engineering School of Tunis(ENIT) Preparatory cycle (2014 - 2016)
Faculty of Sciences of Monastir, National Diploma of First Cycle University Studies (DEUPC) Math-Ph
INTERNSHIPS AND ACADEMIC
PROJECTS
ENITCoin (01/2017 - 04/2017)
Create virtual currency similar to Bitcoin using Blockchain and Python. Every computer inside the private network is able to mine a coin (create a coin solving a puzzle) and use it to trade in the platform created using Django.
Web Scraping for Delivery Terms: DATAVORA summer
Internship (07/2019 - 08/2019)
Develop Web application using Django for scraping web pages for diﬀerent clients (Carrefour,Monoprix,Amazon...) in order to get the delivery terms and compare them periodically to detect any new modiﬁcations .
Carpooling App (01/2018 - 05/2018)
Create a java/JEE web application to schedule long duration trips in order to organise the process, the waiting time and better monitor the cars location in real time.
Web application for taking exams: Ghazala Technology Academy, Summer Internship (06/2018 - 08/2018)
Design and develop a web application that allows teachers to create and share the exams with students online.
This application allows students to take Mock exams, trainings, exercices and certiﬁed exams based on their progress and have real time notiﬁcations for suggested open classes.
LANGUAGES
Arabic
English
French
Achievements/Tasks
Achievements/Tasks
Achievements/Tasks
Contact this candidate