Chaitanya Devulapalli Cell: +91-998*******
adpfk5@r.postjobfree.com

Self motivated, detail oriented human resources professional with the ability to work autonomously.

Professional Experience

Kalatronics Semiconductors
July 2019 – May 2020: Manager
Lead HR & Recruitment team
Defined hiring plan

Independent Consultant
February 2019 – July 2019
Consulting services for hiring engineering talent.

NXP India Private Limited
April 2018 – January 2019: Senior Executive-HR
Played a key role in integration of OmniPHY team into NXP
HR for Hyderabad location.
Interacting with engineering team for new recruitment.

OmniPHY India Private Limited (Acquired by NXP)
March 2012-April 2018: Manager HR
First employee of company, responsible for Recruitment & HR.

Lead the Team of 3 Recruiters.
Managed recruitment of experienced engineers, Campus Recruitment and Contingent recruiting.
Negotiation
On boarding, Orientation
Hired 120+ Engineers for Hyderabad, Bangalore & San Jose offices.
Deep understanding of technical requirements in IT/ITES & semiconductors industry.
MoSys India Private Limited (Prism Circuits Acquired by MoSys)
June 2009 - November 2011: Recruiter
Assisted the technical managers in acquiring the right talent, prescreening candidates and selection of the highest quality hires.
Screened and short-listed resumes, scheduling interviews.
Conducted HR interviews
Negotiated compensation package for selected candidates.
Prepared and presented offer packages.
Performed verification of employment and educational credentials of the candidates.

Prism Circuits, Hyderabad
August 2008-June 2009: Technical Recruiter
Assisted management to setup office space and infrastructure.
Hired 35 Engineers in first three months of incorporation.
Participated in due diligence process during acquisition of Prism circuits by MoSys
Butler International Inc, Hyderabad
October 2007-July 2008: Technical Recruiter
Worked with large telecom clients like AT&T, Verizon, and Nokia for staffing in their US offices
Sourced candidates from Indian and US markets
Sound knowledge of telecom requirements

Ample Communications Inc, Bangalore
March 2006-September 2007: Technical Recruiter
Recruited 45 engineers out of a total team of 58
Worked extensively in networking & embedded domains

Educational Profile
Bachelors of Commerce from Osmania University, Hyderabad
Contact this candidate