SIBY RENCHI VARGHESE
Kuwait ***** 009**********
adpl9e@r.postjobfree.com

A talented and resourceful Consultant with 15 years’ experience in the field of Maximo Asset Management as a Technical consultant in IBM Maximo with multiple projects experience in all stages, from design & implementation through upgrade and rollout including the post-implementation support. Highly skilled in analysis, requirements gathering and troubleshooting. Expert in primary responsibility of a technical Consultant in identifying Business problems, analysing requirements, providing business solutions and providing technical expertise in developing requirements into software solutions. Currently working as Consultant on IBM Maximo Enterprise Asset Management for Enterprise Projects.

EXPERIENCE
Maximo Technical Consultant Oct 2011 - Present
Kuwait Oil Company, Kuwait
●Worked closely with Business/Requirements analysts for requirements and technical designs
●Configured and customized the application to meet the business process design and application requirements
●Worked on Various applications of Maximo Database Configuration, Application Designer, Escalation, Actions, Communication Templates, Conditional Expression Manager, Domains, Security Groups, and Roles to meet customer requirement.
●Designing work flows to meet with business requirements.
●Developed more than 200 reports
●Worked closely with Business/Requirements analysts for requirements and technical designs
●Configuring the Start Centre and Dash boards.
●Customizing the New applications using Application designer.
●Setting up the Security groups and providing access to Business Users.
●Configured Conditional UI expressions.
●Preparing technical and solution documents
●Resolving the issues related to application
●Providing the solution or Work around with in SLA.

Maximo Technical Consultant Dec 2004 - Sep 2011
Arabian Construction Company, Kuwait
●Installation of Maximo, Add-ons and applying patches for various clients .
●Involved in analyzing requirements and functionality mapping
●Creating escalations and crontasks
●Resolving technical issues
●BIRT report configuration
●Worked on Various applications of Maximo Database Configuration, Application Designer, Escalation, Actions, Communication Templates, Conditional Expression Manager, Domains, Security Groups, and Roles to meet customer requirement.
●Involved in analysing requirements and functionality mapping.
●Designing work flows to meet with business requirements.
●Developing BIRT reports.
●Worked closely with Business/Requirements analysts for requirements and technical designs
●Configuring the Start Centre and Dash boards.
●Customizing the New applications using Application designer.
●Setting up the Security groups and providing access to Business Users.
●Configured Conditional UI expressions.
●Preparing technical and solution documents
●Designed automated testing parameters to achieve ongoing system compliance with selected performance metrics.

EDUCATION
Master of Computer Applications (M.C.A.) Aug 1998 - Jul 2001
Sri Ramakrishna College of Arts And Science, India,Coimbatore

Bachelor of Science (B.S.) - Chemistry Jun 1995 - Jul 1998
NSS College, Pandalam, India

SKILLS
Ability to handle multiple tasks,
Ability to analyse and solve problems,
Patient,
Organized and hardworking,
Excellent time management

LICENSES & CERTIFICATIONS

IBM Certified Infrastructure Deployment Professional Maximo Asset Management V7.6
IBM Certified Advanced Deployment Professional Maximo Asset Management v7.6
IBM Certified Deployment Professional Maximo Asset Management v7.6 Functional
Analyst
IBM Cognos Analytics Author V11
IBM Certified Deployment Professional – Tivoli Process Automation Engine V7.5
IBM Certified Deployment Professional – Tivoli Process Automation Engine V7.5
IBM Certified Solution Designer - Maximo Asset Management V7.1
IBM Certified Deployment Professional - Maximo Asset Management V7.1
Foundation of Trivoli Process Automation Engine
Contact this candidate