JEREMY PURKEY
480-***-****
adr5tn@r.postjobfree.com
Lake Arrowhead, Ca 92352

SUMMARY
Innovative Technical Officer prepared to take next step with new team in effectively doing what needs to be done,. and knowing what I'm told to do. Is essentially it... Talented at supervising contract work, configuring hardware and storing and organizing various forms of data. Dedicated to significantly improving usability of products through direct interaction.
Resourceful professional highly skilled in installation and upgrade projects and pre-sales assistance. Team player offering dynamic personality and strengths in cultivating valuable relationships with lucrative clients. Talented Technical Consultant position with strong expertise in public sector.
Diligent employee with 5 years of experience. Known for effective and consistent systems improvements and careful attention to infrastructure and operational procedures. Excellent diagnostic abilities with advanced technical expertise. Proficient in Excel and newly acquired resources.
Hardworking and reliable whenever I am placed at task with strong ability in versatile adaptation. Offering responsibility and follow through. Highly organized, proactive and punctual with team-oriented mentality.
SKILLS
Helpdesk administration
Network configuration
User training
Technology planning
Technical specification updates
Customer proposals
Operating system installation
Product integration
Skilled in situational adaptive analysation.
Issue resolution/troubleshooting
Information security
Capacity and scalability planning
Project documentation
Best practices and standards
Tools customization
EXPERIENCE
Technical Consultant
Lake Arrowhead, CA
Technician/ Apr 2022 to Current
In working for Minol USA I was responsible for the installation of water meters and their wirelessly connected Gateways to the main network. I traveled to the construction site and coordinated with the supervisors or superintendents that had to also make allotments for each trade involved with the efforts to get the specifics done
Troubleshot and resolved problems with programs and systems.
Troubleshot malfunctions with systems and programs to pinpoint root cause of issues and restore.
Maintained inventory levels and kept adequate stock in product displays on sales floor.
Coordinated installation of updated computer programs and systems.
Updated project manager twice weekly regarding status of [Type] project.
Technician
Phoenix, AZ
Hitt concrete/ Mar 2022 to Apr 2022
Followed safety practices to safeguard against injury and damage to property.
Adjusted or modified equipment to enhance equipment performance or to respond to customer requests.
Managed workflow and productivity of lower-level technicians to keep projects on task.
Troubleshot systems and equipment and ran tests to make effective recommendations.
Inspected and validated repairs before delivery.
Adhered to applicable regulations, policies and procedures for health, safety and environmental compliance.
Participated in training to maintain technical expertise and proficiency on applicable equipment.
Utilized hand tools and epoxy to safely splice cables.
Troubleshot systems to determine appropriate resolution for reported problems with usage.
Operated various diagnostic tools to determine repair plans.
EDUCATION AND TRAINING
Some College (No Degree): Basic construction safety and electrical.
Maricopa Community Colleges - Rio Salado Community College
Tempe, AZ
Some College (No Degree): Legal Environment of Business And Principles of BM
Central Arizona College
Coolidge, AZ
Contact this candidate