Abhishek Gupta
ServiceNow Senior Technical Consultant
Mob: +91 - 925*******
Email: adrij5@r.postjobfree.com
Page 1 of 5
Executive Snapshot
Qualified IT Professional with 6.9 years of total experience as a ServiceNow Administrator, Developer and Consultant.
Experience in designing, developing, implementing, and delivering complex business solutions on ServiceNow platform.
A highly skilled professional with expertise in ITSM processes like incident management, problem management, change management, knowledge management and in CSM processes like case management, request management and custom applications.
Good working knowledge in Java Scripting and web technologies (JavaScript, Glide Scripting, XML, HTML, AJAX).
Perform various roles in ServiceNow practice that includes working with process owners and business stakeholders to translate business requirements into functional requirements, design of the solution, implementation of the solution and testing as well as doing impact analysis of the scripts on the ServiceNow platform.
Worked in different industries such as leading telecom company, a leading consumer goods company and currently in a government held health department.
Possess knowledge of Agile development environment. Involved in all phases of sprint planning, daily stand-ups, sprint reviews, walkthroughs, showcases and retrospective.
I have good understanding of technical and business issues. This allows me to fulfil a variety of different roles within the project and provide an effective interface between business and technical functions.
Communication & Influence: Ability to work collaboratively across diverse groups and experience to build trusting business relationship, working collaboratively and influencing business stakeholders.
Awards and Certifications
Infosys awarded Insta Award in the year 2018, which is given to those employees who performs extremely well in the projects.
Certificate of Recognition received from the client after an exceptionally successful Go-Live.
Successfully completed various certification in ServiceNow
Certified ServiceNow Administrator (CSA)
Certified Application Developer (CAD)
Certified Implementation Specialist in ITSM (CIS – ITSM) Abhishek Gupta
ServiceNow Senior Technical Consultant
Mob: +91 - 925*******
Email: adrij5@r.postjobfree.com
Page 2 of 5
Certified Implementation Specialist in HR (CIS – HR)
ITIL - V4 (Foundation Certificate in IT Service Management)
ITSM Professional Suite
HR Professional Suite
HR Enterprise Suite
Various Micro-Certifications certified.
Predictive Intelligence
Performance Analytics
Virtual Agent
Career Contour
Deloitte Ltd. India – January 2022 – Till now.
Thirdera Ltd. Australia – August 2021 – January 2022.
Capgemini Ltd. Australia – March 2019 - August 2021.
Infosys Ltd. Australia - May 2018 – March 2019.
Infosys Ltd. India - September 2015 – May 2018.
Academic Details
Bachelor of Engineering: Electronics & Communication (ECE) in 2015 from Northern India Engineering College (India).
Diploma in Engineering: Electronics & Communication (ECE) in 2012 from Father Agnel Polytechnic (India).
Project Details
Project Details Mentioned in the Annexure
Project I August 2021 – Till Date
Duration 11 Months
Project Toyota Motors – Showback (ITSM/Asset/Portal Implementation) Salvation Army
Melbourne waters
City of Greater Geelong
Abhishek Gupta
ServiceNow Senior Technical Consultant
Mob: +91 - 925*******
Email: adrij5@r.postjobfree.com
Page 3 of 5
Position Senior Technical Consultant
Contribution The showback portal was created for the customer where user after logging in into the portal wants to see their expenses incurred on various categories like printing, hardwares, softwares, mobiles and IT peripherals. Also, reports were scheduled for all the users to receive monthly cost details email which includes the attachment in PDF format.
Some catalog items were also designed to restore employee’s data for vaccination which will be later used to bring the fully-vaccinated employees back to office.
Integration of azure is done with servicenow to put some users into the groups in the azure.
Responsibilities include:
Creating various widgets and webpages on service portal from scratch.
Working on flow designers specifically for the integration.
Creating order guides.
Creating Catalogue item forms with proper form validations.
Modification in the existing workflows.
Leading deployment activity to sync development between all the instances.
Development of the business rules related to new logic and Script includes.
Manages reference data with tables, import sets, update sets.
Rectifying the defects that were identified during testing within the specified time frame.
Leading the test team to execute the testing successfully. Project II March 2019 – August 2021
Duration 2.5 Years
Project DHHS – Ourservice (CSM/ITSM/Request Implementation) Position Senior Consultant
Contribution The OurService product also known as Enterprise Service Management Platform is one work stream Unit called Digital Customer Service. It is platform that enables our customers to interact with us through different channels - web, phone, email, live chat - and then allows that interaction or request to be tracked through to resolution.
Using OurService, our customers will have a single point of contact for their service requests and will be able track and check the status of their requests at any time to see how they’re progressing.
Responsibilities include:
Creating Catalogue item forms with proper form validations.
Creating order guides.
Creating various widgets on service portals.
Creating Chatbot to enhance customer experience, satisfaction and reduce load over live agents.
Leading deployment activity to sync development between all the instances.
Development of the business rules related to new logic and Script includes.
Script Writing, SLA's, Scheduler, Automated Testing Framework and scripted REST API’s, flow designing, agent workspace.
Managing client scripts, UI policies, UI actions, events and notifications.
Survey Management.
Abhishek Gupta
ServiceNow Senior Technical Consultant
Mob: +91 - 925*******
Email: adrij5@r.postjobfree.com
Page 4 of 5
Knowledge Management.
Manage Users, Groups, Roles.
Manages reference data with tables, import sets, update sets.
Rectifying the defects that were identified during testing within the specified time frame.
Leading the test team to execute the testing successfully. Project III September 2016 – March 2019
Duration 2.6 Year
Project Telstra - NBN+ GetHelp Hybrid Ticket Automation Position Senior SNOW Developer, Onshore Feature Team Leader Contribution As part of Hybrid Modem Solution when the Fixed network is not accessible for any reason the customer's internet connection switches over to company’s Mobile network. Client wants to raise a proactive ticket for the customer, to investigate the reason behind the failover and fix if there are any issues with the fixed line.
Customer wouldn't be able to access voice service in Failover mode.
Internet access over mobile network would be limited by Speed.
Company priority is to rectify the issue with customer's fixed line to enable him to work over fully functional data and voice line. Responsibilities include:
Development of the business rules related to new logic and Script includes.
Script Writing, Report & HighChart Generation, Scheduler, Automated Testing Framework and scripted REST API’s.
Managing client scripts, UI policies, UI actions, events and notifications.
Creating scheduled jobs to perform weekly and monthly activities.
Creating automated workflows which are not dependent on agent’s activities.
Manage Users, Groups, Roles.
Manages reference data with tables, import sets, update sets.
Perform day to day administration of SNOW instance by creating certain graphs using reporting.
Rectifying the defects that were identified during testing within the specified time frame.
Leading the test team to execute the testing successfully.
As a support activity, resolve incidents by providing with proper root cause investigation.
Deploying the new code successfully in production environment and coordinating with the customer for user testing and sign off. Other Activities:
Achieved milestone by delivering ATF, first time implemented in Infosys, immediately after upgrade to Jakarta.
Working as individual contributor in the team and played vital role in managing ATF solely.
Executed multiple demos/workshops on AUTOMATION IN SNOW
(ATF) to client and leveraging my skills on ATF to train other members from team.
In ATF covered almost every aspect as below:
1. Server-side testing
2. Client-side testing
3. REST
Abhishek Gupta
ServiceNow Senior Technical Consultant
Mob: +91 - 925*******
Email: adrij5@r.postjobfree.com
Page 5 of 5
Implemented Parent-child deployment process which reduces time for deploying update sets from several hours to some minutes and collisions almost negligible.
Integrated ServiceNow with Google Assistant to get Ticket status and create new users.
Project IV June 2016 - August 2016
Duration 3 months
Project PnG - Incident Management
Position ServiceNow Jr. Developer
Contribution This project is mainly to develop a system which enables to automatically raise tickets in ITAM when it needs to update the client about the Configuration items it has taken on lease. It can raise tickets for activities like taking new configuration items on lease, raising tickets for faulty parts, replacing and servicing existing parts etc.
Responsibilities include:
Table Creation & import sets.
Testing the new code added to the tool along with fulfilling developer’s responsibilities.
Testing, Solutions for Defect Resolution and documentation of the analysis.
Testing of various Enterprise systems like Incident and Task Management.
Loading the requirements, test cases and any defects into JIRA and leading them to closure.
Created multiple UI Actions, UI Policy, Business Rules, Client Scripts, Script Includes, Relationships etc.
Making documentation required for the smooth flow of the project.
Contact this candidate