Asiya Tabassum
Mobile: +974-********.
Mail: adsmk4@r.postjobfree.com.

Professional Summary:

Accomplished IT Techno Functional & Business Analysist with 15 years of well-rounded IT experience.
3 Years of experience on Oracle Apps HRMS/FM/P2P -R12-Techno-Functional Area where involved in Business Analysis, Design and Implementation based on business requirement.
1 year of Oracle Fusion FM GL/AP/HR -Cloud On-Premise and Developing reports in FCM/HCM.
Extensive knowledge in Oracle Fusion HR, GL, AP in Oracle Apps -R12, Oracle -Core HRMS, Payroll, PL/SQL, BI /XML Publisher Scripting.
11 years’ complete life cycle Implementation of Oracle Custom Application ERP using 6i/10g Forms and Reports HRMS & Payroll/ AP/AR/GL/FA/ Help desk Projects.
Delivered various responsibilities as Technical consultant, Individual contributor, Techno-Functional Consultant, Testing Lead including Managing a mid-size team, interaction with Business Users for Requirements Gathering, Creating Technical Specifications, Design, Development, Test Plans and Test Scripts.
Ability to handle multiple assignments and completing them in timely and efficient manner with utmost Customer satisfaction.
Experience in working with complex projects where lot of teams need to work in achieving the target.

Career Objective:
Experienced Software Engineer with extensive exposure in technology and business processes looking for ERP Functional Consulting opportunities to help customers design and implement efficient business processes.

Technical Skills:
•Oracle Fusion FM: GL, AP and HR in Oracle BI.
•Oracle Apps HRMS-R12 (Techno-functional)
•Core HR, PAYROLL, Finance &Procurement Module.
•PL/SQL, Oracle BI-Publisher, Report builder. Oracle Reports 6i.

Project Management
•Innovative.
•Trouble shooting and debugging.
Prepare the documents project charter, project organization, project roles and responsibilities, project plan, project budget, risks log, project communication plan,
scope statement/requirement and change request tracker
IT Project Lifecycle:
•Requirements Analysis
•ROI Analysis
•Costing & Budgeting
•Testing/Support.
•Business & IT Planning
•Vendor Management

Value-Added Leadership:
•Cross-Functional Supervision
•Team Building & Monitoring
•Client Relations & Presentations

Module Lead Responsibilities:
Co-ordinating the activities between various teams including the Oracle and e-Business team.
Involved in the initial feasibility study in putting the process in shape and list out the possible areas for customization with minimum work.
Part of the team in gathering and putting the requirements in place and reviewing the design and development activities.
Preparing and providing the status reports every week to the management and stakeholders of the project.
Taking care of the release activities.
Functional responsibilities include: application design, test script generation, writing training guides, training end users, and production support.
Client Interaction, communication and managing client expectations in accordance with scope, time and effort, executing Onsite-Offshore support models.
PL/SQL Packages, Views, Material Views, Procedures and Functions.
Involved in the data validation process and reported the data discrepancies to the data vendors.
Wrote conversion scripts to migrate data from legacy to Oracle fusion database.
Develops an interface for integration of external reporting balances outside oracle to General Ledger by building a User Interface Mapping table.
Working as individual contributor in Technical/Functional aspect on the new Implementation and develop the new components and redesign the existing oracle related components.
On Oracle Fusion, R12- FM/ Core HR and procurement module is assumed to be standardized for a group entities and implemented in a Multiple phase.
Developed many reports from the scratch using BI/XML publisher. Converted some of the oracle seeded reports into XML Publisher Reports.

Individual contributor Responsibilities:
Optimized, tuned and redesigned some of the existing processes to suit the changing requirements.
Provided training to the users and internal Team to understand the Oracle HRMS/FM.
Complete solution to accept orders through the CSV Files. It included creation of various database objects along with logic for advanced pricing and discounting. Configured modifiers and Qualifiers as per the business requirements.
Prepared defect reports and participated in defect review meetings.

Major Projects:
Qatar Post – Doha – Qatar. Presently Working in a Qatar Post as a Business Analysist and Techno Functional Specialist. (Sep 2020 – Till Date).
Oracle Cloud FM - GL and HCM implementation support at Move2Fusion (Jan 2021 – Jan 2022).
Ministry of Administrative Department Labour and Social Affairs Doha – Qatar. Worked as a Technical Consultant Oracle Application ERP Developer.
Ministry of Public Work Authority (Ashghal), Doha – Qatar. Worked as a Technical Consultant Oracle Application ERP Developer.
Ministry of Public Health, Doha – Qatar. Worked as a Technical Consultant Oracle Application ERP Developer.
State Audit Bureau, Doha – Qatar. Worked as a Technical Consultant Oracle Application ERP Developer.
AlMuftah Group, Doha – Qatar (2006-2018). Worked as an Oracle Sr. Application Programmer.
AlMuftah Group (2018 – 2019) - as an Oracle Fusion HRMS Technical consultant. (Part Time).
Languages:
English, Urdu, Hindi, Telugu, Tamil.

Education: B.E. Computer Science, Pallavan Engineering College (Anna University), Tamil Nadu, Kanchipuram, Iyyangarkulam, 2001-2005.

SKILLS
Contact this candidate