Chris Parackal
*nd Year Student - Computer Engineering
*** ******** **** **
Albuquerque, NM 87102
916-***-****
adum2k@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Summary:
I am an exceptionally focused self-starter with strong communication and team skills, as well as a solid understanding of computer fundamentals, including hardware, software, and operating systems. I have an intermediate understanding of network optimization and security and continue to bolster my knowledge of current and evolving trends in computer network security. I have developed a wide portfolio of conventional and multimedia training documentation for UNM IT stakeholders, managing a wide array of projects simultaneously and with outstanding results. I am a hardworking and dedicated student, with a passion for networking and a commitment to consistently delivering excellent results. CORE SKILLS:
● Intermediate experience with wireless and Local Area Networking and Network Management
● Advanced expertise in Microsoft Oﬃce suite
● Innovative utilization of Adobe Suite capabilities
● Extensive technological experience and knowledge
● Outstanding grasp of troubleshooting and problem-solving methodologies
● Praised extensively for customer orientation and delivering much better than expected results
● Superb team management and leadership
EXPERIENCE
Student Technical Specialist
June 2022 - PRESENT
IT Applications at University of New Mexico
● Employed multimedia and conventional training development tools and techniques to create technical documentation for UNM IT internal stakeholders and external customers. Reduced highly technical information into easy-to-understand documentation to facilitate easy application adoption and use.
● Led training development projects, engaging directly with customers and capturing their needs and requirements. Interfaced with customers throughout training development projects to ensure information was accurately and optimally presented. Received extensive praise for quality and timeliness.
● Collaborated with peers on the development of internal team processes and standards to ensure continuity in all training development projects.
(Continued on Page 2)
(Continued From Page 1)
● Portfolio consists of work from a plethora of projects. Computer Consultant
February 2022 - June 2022
Academic Technologies at The University of New Mexico
● Provided professional standard troubleshooting, repairs and solutions to UNM campus hardware when issues arose
● Masterfully performed administrative tasks that required extensive knowledge of computer software and hardware
● Worked with customers over the phone in person and remotely as necessary to resolve issues and assist with technical matters
Mechanic
September 2020 - March 2021
Folsom Bike Shop
● Worked on and serviced bikes with ease at a US top 100 bike shop amongst professional standard mechanics.
● Answered customers' questions and worked with them to ensure a great experience during their visit.
EDUCATION
University of New Mexico, Albuquerque, New Mexico - Bachelor’s in Computer Engineering August 2021 - Present
Oak Ridge High School, El Dorado Hills, California - High School Diploma August 2017 - May 2021
Maintained a GPA above 3.7 all throughout and graduated with 4.0+ GPA AWARDS
President's Award for Academic Achievement for remarkable grades throughout highschool and graduating with a 4.0+ GPA
Multiple recognitions for Academic excellence each semester since 6th grade to 12th grade REFERENCES
Can provide reference upon request
Contact this candidate