Vimali Shah
Mobile: - +1-919-***-****
Email - adz53c@r.postjobfree.com
adz53c@r.postjobfree.com
Current Location: - North Carolina, Cary – USA ( Open for Onsite near Cary/Raleigh/Durham area)
L-2S Visa Holder in USA – Can work in USA

I am dependent of L-1A and L2 Spouse visa holders.
Availability :- Immediate

Objective:-

To match the aspirations and experience of a Candidate with Organisation's requirements in terms of roles and skill sets, at a favorable condition for both.

Experience summary

14 years of experience in managing end to end recruitment process (within Internal and Agency environments) in Asia Pacific region across different Industry verticals.
Experience in handling different geographic regions (Singapore, Malaysia, Philippines and India). Well versed with the difference cultures and employment laws.
Having work experience of 12 years in Singapore markets.
Maintains high standard in quality hire for the various Business Units.
Experience in High Volume recruitment.
Specialized in Software Development and Infrastructure job market with expertise in working on Mid to Senior level roles.
Working for Clients (in Singapore) – HCL, Samsung, Lumen Technologies, Equinix, NTUC Income, NETS, NUS, BESI, Clariant, Roche diagnostics, DBS Bank, OCBC Bank, Great Eastern, SMBC,PSA,Thermo Fisher,JLL,NTT Data (Internal requirement),NCS,Singtel, UOB Bank, Credit Suisse, Citi Bank,UBS Bank, HP, Wipro, TCS, Infosys, Insead, Life fitness,LTA, & HDB
Currently in USA – I have knowledge about USA Visa process.

Industries supported: Banking & financial services,IT Vendors & System Integrater, healthcare, manufacturing, government, Semiconducture & telecommunication, etc.
Job Portals Utilised: Monster,LinkedIn,My Careerfuture (MCF),Jobstreet,Referral,Internal databases,Social Networking sites & Technology groups
Systems Used: Wand,ATS,Taleo,ECAS & Zoho Recruit & CRM

Education/ Certification:-

Graduation -Bachelor of Business Administration- India
Singapore -CEI Basic Certified - Non FDW
Singapore- CEI KAH Certified
HR Training - HR House Bangalore, India

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
Company
Designation
Duration
Global Search Partners PTE Ltd,Singapore
Senior Consultant
Nov.2019 to till date
Avensy Singapore Pte Ltd,Singapore
Sr. Recruitment Consultant
Sep.2018 – Nov.2019
NTT DATA Singapore Pte Ltd,Singapore
Talent Acquisition Specialist
Oct.2017 to Aug.2018
TechCom Solutions PTE LTD Singapore,
Senior Consultant
Sep. 2011 to Sep.2017
DSS PVT LTD,Singapore
Recruitment Consultant
Jan 2011 to July 2011
Magna Infotech PVT LTD, Bangalore
Sr.IT Recruiter
Oct 2009 to June 2010
Corecompt Consultancy,Bangalore
Recruitment Consultant
June 2008 to Oct.2009

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Global Search Partners
360 Recruitment Consultant
Nov.2019 to till date

Global Search Partners (GSP) is a regional executive search/recruitment services firm (website:
www.gsp- asia.com), focused on corporate level and specialist appointments across Asia and the rest of the world. GSP is legally licensed by the Ministry of Manpower in Singapore (Licence No.14C7000). Our key practices are in Asia and these include Information Technology, Real Estate and Infrastructure, Industrial and Engineering, as well as Emerging Sectors.

Responsibilities: -
•Identify new clients, build and maintain strong business relationships with new and existing key clients to bring in regular and new businesses.
•Work closely with the Clients HR and Hiring Manager to understand the hiring requirements and source for suitable candidates through appropriate recruitment platforms.
•Experience in recruiting full life cycle including gathering requirement from Client, Job posting, sourcing of candidates, resume analysis, initial screening, coordinating technical interviews, negotiation (contract, benefits, work, bonus and salary), follow up until offer acceptance for the client requirements, assisting client in background check and onboarding process.
•Working as a Single point of contact for all the Recruitment Activities, Expertise in working on Mid-level to Niche Skills.
•End to end management of both client and candidates through the entire recruitment process.
•Active involvement in the placement process i.e. to fulfill and exceed individual sales revenue targets
•Prepare SOW, Quotations, Contracts and ensures PO and Invoices delivered and collected on time.
•Follow up on Outstanding Invoices to clients.
•Current roles: - Solution Architect, Service Delivery Manager, Project Manager, Regional Sales & Channel Director, Marketing Director, Application Developer, Infrastructure cloud & Security roles.

AVENSYS, Singapore
Senior Recruitment Consultant Sep 2018 to till Nov.2019

Avensys Consulting is a leader in providing technology enabled business solutions and services. Areas of expertise include Analytics & BI, Robotic Process Automation (RPA), Cyber Security, ERP Services, Professional Services and Executive Placements.

Client:-Equinix,NCS,NUS,Accenture,DXC,Infosys,Clariant,NETS,NTUCIncome,JTC,Avnet,Roche diagnostics and Avensys (internal requirement)

Account Management direct coordination with key accounts / clients.
Professionally engage with multiple hiring managers.
Performs full life cycle of recruitment – requirements gathering, sourcing candidates from job portals, taking telephonic & F2F interview, profiling based on client format, scheduling and monitoring of interviews, salary negotiation, background check, uploading documents in cient system and assisting in onboarding process.
Daily coordination with Account Executive on all pending Job orders and business needs.
Create and maintain a database for the pool of candidates.
Vendor Management

NTT Data Singapore Pte LTD,Singapore
Talent Acquisition Specialist (Sourcing Specialist/Technology Recruiter) /HR Business Partner
Oct-2017 to Aug 2018

NTT DATA partners with clients to navigate and simplify the modern complexities of business and technology, delivering the insights, solutions and outcomes that matter most. NTT Data deliver tangible business results by combining deep industry expertise with applied innovations in digital, cloud and automation across a comprehensive portfolio of consulting, applications, infrastructure and business process services.

Client – DBS Bank,OCBC Bank,Great Eastern,SMBC,PSA,Thermo Fisher,JLL and NTT Data ( Internal requirement)

Responsibilities :

Professionally engage with multiple hiring managers and HR (Internal & External) .
Sourcing Candidates through Job portals,Linkedin,career Portals(Internal & external), referrals and Partners.
Working closely with Candidates and Hiring Managers during entire recruitment process
Manage offer negotiation, background screening,Uploading doucments NTT internal Portal ( Applicant Tracking System(ATS) and clients system (DBS)(taleo) and facilitate onboarding including Sow submission.
Weekly & monthly reporting and stakeholders management.
Recruiting technical candidates at all levels including Entry to Senior levels.
Currently working with IT (Application, Infrastructure, Database, Networking, Network Security
Cyber security, Testing( Selenium+Mobile testing positions ) and Digital technologies ( Data Scientist,Data Visualization, Data Analytics & Modeling,Artificial Intelligence,Deep learning,Machine Learning & Big Data Positions)

TechCom Solutions (Singapore) PTE LTD,Singapore
Senior Consultant
Sep. 2011 to Sep.2017 Responsibilities
Recruiting technical Professional in the area of IT industry both in full-time and contract positions for Singapore, Malaysia and India.
Owning full-cycle recruiting: sourcing, screening, interviewing, negotiate and closing high quality candidates for assigned requisitions.
Prioritizing clients' requirements in a high volume, time-sensitive environment to meet deadlines.
Sourcing Profiles from Job Search Portals like Monster, Jobs bank, LinkedIn and Naukri.
Filtering through and reviewing completed candidate profile/resume and evaluate applicant's work history, education and training, job skills, desired salary/hourly rate, and personal qualifications against open requirements.
Conducting in depth phone interviews with candidates to determine skills, knowledge, interest, market value, and availability.
Clear communication about all aspects of the offer including salary, benefits, bonuses & relocating, etc.
Negotiating salaries and hourly rates extend offers of employment to successful candidates.
Regular review of the existing recruitment process to enhance overall productivity.
Responsible for training New Joiners into the team.
Participate in daily & weekly recruitment meetings and providing status updates.
Develop continuous pipeline of candidates to provide backup.

DSS Executive Search PVT LTD, Singapore Recruitment Consultant
Jan 2011 to July 2011

Responsibilities :- End to end recruitment (Permanent,Contract Staffing and C2H)

Understanding the requirements and sourcing the right kind of candidates.
Candidate scheduling and vigorous follow up for their interviews.
Maintaining Trackers for all criteria’s.
Collecting Documents from the candidates and sending to the client after the offer is rolled out

Clients

Microfocus,HCL,Amnet,BubbleMotion,SenokoPower,Inphosoft,IFIS, TagIT,Robert Bosch,ASM,DBS Bank,OCBC Bank,Celestica, novaCitynets,Syniverse,CSC Asia,elipva,eTact,BT Frontline,AScade,Keane, Ceva AsiaPacific,UFIS

Magna Infotech PVT LTD, Bangalore - Oct 2009 to June 2010,
Sr.IT Recruiter
Corecompt Consultancy,Bangalore
HR Executive/ Recruitment Consultant
June 2008 to Oct.2009

Responsibilities:

Responsible for the entire recruitment activities starting with requirement gathering, Analysing requirements, scanning resume, telephonic screening of candidates, processing candidates and arranging interviews / scheduling personal meetings, reference checks, final negotiations
Single point of contact for the all the requirements in a single BU

Clients
Oracle,Aricent,Verizon,CGI,Sony,Robert Bosch,STAR TV,Comviva,HP,SAIC,Monsanto,Dell- Perrot,Accenture
Volvo,Sony India,Zero-Sum wireless soultions,Sanpar,SB Soft,Calsoft,Inatech solutions,Infinite computer,Manipal hospital, Komtech Technolgies,Adlaw partners,I-Trust informatics,walltracts

Sourcing Candidates with below skillsets

Object Oriented Languages:-, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Kotlin, Objective-C, Perl, PHP, Python,Ruby, Scala and Visual Basic.NET.
Infrastructure: - Windows, VMware Devops, Unix, Solaris, Red Hat Linux, AIX, HP Unix, Middleware,AWS & Cloud
Network & Cyber Security: - Networking (Switches,Routers,Firewall) Identity & Access Management,SIEM, Endpoint Detection and Response,Risk & Compliance,Threat Analysis & Vulnerability &Penetration Testing
Digital technologies: - Data Scientist, Data Visualization, Data Analytics & Modeling, Artificial Intelligence, Deep learning, Machine Learning & Big Data
Data base Administrator (Oracle DBA, Oracle Apps,MS SQL,MY SQL,DB2 )
ERP: SAP, SAP Modules-SD, MM, PP, FI/CO, PM,QM,SAP SCM
CRM: Microsoft Dynamics CRM 4.0/5.0,
Testing (Manual /Automation/Performance/Regression/QTP/SilkTest,Win runner, Load Runnerr, Test Director, Silk Test, Black Box Testing, White Box Testing,
Other Skill Set :- Security,BCP/DR/IT Audit,COBIT,Risk Management,Risk Compliance Manager,SAS 70,Clarity/Mainframe lead,Marketing Executive,IT Sales,Account Executive,HR Co-ordinator,IT ProjectManager,IT Application Advisor,Sales Executive,Business Development Manager,Finance Manager role

I hereby declare that that the above-furnished details are true with proven records.

Vimali Shah
Contact this candidate