EKIMWERE, Zadok
P. O. Box ****, Kampala
adzmgy@r.postjobfree.com
+256*********/750585794

A. Areas of key competencies:
oWriting
oEditing
oProofreading
oDesign and layout
oDocument organization and enhancement
oMedia production – newspapers, magazines, bulletins etc
oResearch and report writing
oAnalysis and synthesis
oFluent written and spoken English

B. Relevant Consultancies Undertaken
Date
Location
Organisation
Position
Description
2020
Soroti, Eastern Uganda
Acila Enterprises Ltd
Lead Consultant
Manual enhancement: Proofread 8 drafts correcting spellings, punctuations, English language usage. Passed the documents for production
2019
Kampala
Panos Eastern Africa
Consultant
Simplified scientific findings into easy to read materials for the benefit of ordinary farmers

2018
Kampala
National Environment Management Authority (NEMA)
Syntax Editor
Proofread all the sectoral reports and standardize the language to suit NEMA
2017
Lusaka, Zambia
UNICEF
Technical Consultant
Mainstreaming HIV/AIDS into teaching syllabus
2016
Harare, Zimbabwe
UNICEF
Technical Consultant
In-building reproductive health into media curriculum

C. Professional experience
oCurrently a Media Consultant and Executive Director of Multi-Step Novel Initiatives for Sustained Health Communication (MNISHCO), a not-for profit NGO specializing in diagnostic research before prescribing interventions.
o1996-2006: Head, School of Journalism and Media Management, Uganda Management Institute
- In addition to administrative and managerial roles and duties, he taught
- media writing
- editing
- layout and design
- headline writing
- newspaper and magazine production
o1986-2006: Worked as a journalist at The New Vision and held senior editorial positions such as:
- managing editor
- chief sub-editor
- features editor
- chief reporter
The work entailed writing stories, features and commentaries, in addition to: editing, design and layout and conducting in-house training

D. Academic qualifications:
oPhD, Mass Communications, University of South Carolina, USA.
oMA, Social Sciences, Institute of Social Studies, The Hague, the Netherlands.
oAdvanced postgraduate diploma in print media International Institute for Journalism, Berlin, Germany.
oBA (Hons), Literature and Linguistics, Makerere University, Kampala.

E. Columnist:
I am also a columnist for the New Vision and Daily Monitor where I write on specialized topics and opinions.
Contact this candidate