Bhanu Reakha Radhakrishnan
Senior Quality Assurance Lead/ Game Producer (Project Managment)
Senior Quality Assurance Lead/ Game Producer with 10 years of experience in software quality assurance, project & team management. I have worked on this role with iSoft, Bally Technologies & Scientific Games and have been recognized with several awards during my career. Possess exceptional knowledge on Casino Slots Game & Software development release cycles. Phone: +1-512-***-****
Address: Austin, Texas
Website: https://www.linkedin.com/in/bha
nureakha/
Email: ac43zf@r.postjobfree.com
EXPERIENCE Scientific Games
Senior Lead Test Engineer / Game Producer
MARCH 2016 - DECEMBER 2017 (1
YEAR 10 MONTHS)
Lead a 20 member team including graphic artist, game developer and tester. My team handled translation activity that got expanded to Chinese, Chilean Spanish, French Quebec and conversion games from WAP to NAP, regional specific releases and Bally legacy stepper cabinet to Scientific Games Twin star cabinets.
Bally Technologies
Game Producer (Lead)
FEBRUARY 2014 - FEBRUARY 2016 (2
YEARS 1 MONTH)
Promoted as Game Producer (Lead) and had an opportunity to lead 12 member team Esperanto studio. Responsibilities include Dynamic Multi-Game release, co-ordinate game development with High5Game company, Game conversion from SHFL PC4 cabinet to Bally Alpha EGM and Quebec VLT game releases.
Bally Technologies
Lead Quality Assurance
FEBRUARY 2013 - JANUARY 2014 (1
YEAR)
Responsible for training junior resources and co-ordinated game releases between multiple translation & conversion game studios until they had a stable release cycles. Acted as interim Team Lead for few game studios.
Bally Technologies
Senior Quality Assurance Engineer
FEBRUARY 2012 - JANUARY 2013 (1
YEAR)
Handled PSL (Player Selectable Language) games & SRM (Separate Releasable Module) games verification and releases. Also released Bally multi-game suites as trials before releasing Bally dynamic multi-games.
Bally Technologies
Quality Assurance Engineer
JULY 2010 - JANUARY 2012 (1 YEAR 7
MONTHS)
Joined "Esperanto" studio as first quality assurance engineer and handled the releases of translation & conversion games for international markets. We targeted to release games to GLI
(Gaming Laboratories International) with zero defects. Daily task includes prepare & review translation doc, test cases and its execution, bug reporting & triaging. iSOFT
Software Quality Assurance Engineer
DECEMBER 2007 - JULY 2010 (2 YEARS
8 MONTHS)
Responsibilities include providing quality assurance for web based & window based health care application named Lorenzo. Some of the daily tasks includes test case preparation, report bug, bug triage and beta release.
SKILLS
Requirement gathering, Scheduling, Resource planning & Process improvement. Team Building & Management.
Metrics creation/Analysis to improve the productivity. Quality Analysis.
TOOLS JIRA, Seapine Test Track Pro, Agile, Confluence, Perforce, Swarm, SCM, CVS RESPONSIBILITY Roles and Responsibility as Game Producer FEBRUARY 2014 - DECEMBER 2017 Planning the road map.
Selecting the games based on team strength & skills. Feasibility study and committing the release dates. Maintaining game details in Agile PLM.
Tracking the game status and bug logging in JIRA.
Learning/Sharing the game information with other location studios thro Confluence. Work allocation and tracking the projects.
Coordinating with QA, Release & Approval teams until the game reaches the casino floor. Communicating with acquired companies to collect data/proposing the process. Communicating with H5Gaming company.
Conducting weekly team meeting and sending weekly status emails. Participating in weekly status meeting with directors in other locations. Preparing the checklist for Graphics/developers/SQEs roles to make sure product we release met the standard quality.
Conducting bug triage meeting and decision making to deliver the required software in time. Handling the appraisals.
Taking part with management team in hiring the resource. As a Game producer for 4 years, released 170 games which includes Chinese, Spanish, French Quebec, WAP to NAP, SHFL to Bally Alpha cabinet, H5G games, Multi Games and Stepper to ArgOS.
Roles and Responsibility as Game Tester JULY 2010 - FEBRUARY 2013 Daily task includes test cases preparation and its execution, bug reporting in JIRA, test track pro
& triaging.
Target is to release the game to GLI (Gaming Laboratories International) with zero defects. Game test includes Functional, Graphic, Math test thro GDB, GLI regulation test, Market regulation test.
Game core and Game OS testing.
Game reviews and report generation, tracking the review comments from external game producers.
Roles and Responsibility as Health care
application tester
DECEMBER 2007 - JULY 2010
Providing quality assurance for web based & window based health care application named Lorenzo.
Requirement studies, Test care preparation, Test case execution, Reporting bugs, Bug triage and beta release.
EDUCATION Gkm College Of Engineering and Technology Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.), Electronics and
Communications Engineering,,
2003 - 2007
Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.), Electronics and Communications Engineering,, 2003 - 2007
Contact this candidate