*
Sviatoslav Lavrynovych
QA Test Analyst
Chicago, IL
ac4m1b@r.postjobfree.com • 708-***-****
Fully Work Authorized • No Visa Sponsorship Required SUMMARY:
2+ years of experience in various phases of Manual and Automation testing.
Experience in Functional, Non –Functional, Performance & WebServices testing using various testing tools.
Hands on experience in Desktop applications as well as Web-based applications.
Experience in Triaging, Defect Reporting & Defect Tracking until resolution.
Skilled in execution of data and functionality driven testing activities assuring the quality of deliverables within the scope of the cycle/sprint.
Proficient in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
Quick Learner, detail-oriented and willingness to adapt quickly to changing priorities and deadlines.
Proficient in database modifications and validation/verification.
Effective and Efficient Performer individually as well as in the team environment. TECHNICAL PROFICIENCY
Programming Languages: Java Core, SQL, Visual Basic, JSON, XML, HTML, Python
Testing Tools: HP UFT, Selenium WebDriver, JMeter, Postman, Junit, SoapUI
Reporting Tools: ALM, Bugzilla, JIRA and Elementool
OS, Servers & Applications: Windows, MacOS, SQL Server, Oracle, DynamoDB, MongoDB
Mindset/Methodologies: Waterfall, Agile Scrum
Testing Techniques: Static testing, Dynamic testing (Equivalence partitioning, Boundary value analysis, Stage transition, Branch/Decision).
Type of testing: System testing (Functional, non-functional and maintenance testing. Validation testing, Regression Testing, Usability and Security testing.). Unit testing with JUnit
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Utest Platform
Quality Assurance Tester September 2015 – Current
Projects overview:
uTest provides in the wild testing services that span the entire software development lifecycle – including functional, security, load, localization and usability testing. The company’s community of more than 100 000 professional testers from 200 countries and territories. Responsibilities:
Executed Test Cases to cover UAT functionality, Business Requirements, and Function Specifications documents.
Involved in GUI, Business Testing, Functionality Testing, and Regression Testing.
Communicated with developers and project manager through all phases of testing to prioritize bug resolution.
2
Met occasionally with Client groups to determine user requirements and goals.
Executed Test Cases manually and using automation tools.
Interacted with developers in fixing the bugs, retested the application and reported the issues.
Configured/Setup & Troubleshooting of Test Environment.
Analyzed Test results to verify project requirements and their success criteria.
Actively participated in Features or Applications Test Process and Documentation Improvements. Environment/Tools: MySQL, MS Office, Bugzilla
Shamburg Marketplace (Shamburg, IL) August 2017 – December 2017 Quality Assurance Test Analyst
Project overview:
Schaumburg Marketplace brings the Schaumburg community together by providing an e-Portal where Businesses and Customers can connect and collaborate. They provide a Simple, Secure and Stimulating e-Marketing platform to a client. Promote local businesses on Google, Bing and Yahoo Search Engines
Responsibilities:
Worked closely with Project Leaders, Business Analysts, Developers and Engineers in testing System Software.
Used SQL Queries and Stored Procedures in MySQL to Test the Databases.
Testing Web Based Applications using Selenium WebDriver.
Verify configuration of Web Based Applications for various browsers.
Used JMeter to verify performance of Web Based Applications supported by various browsers.
Responsible for Defect Management using Bugzilla.
Actively participated in Features, Applications Test Process and Documentation Improvements. Environment/Tools: Windows OS, MS Office, MySQL, Java, Bugzilla, Selenium WebDriver EDUCATION / TRAININGS / CERTIFICATIONS
Master degree 2010-2011
European University (Kiev, Ukraine)
Manager of foreign economic activity
Bachelor degree 2006-2010
European University (Kiev, Ukraine)
Manager of foreign economic activity
Training 2017
InfoTekGuide (Shamburg, IL)
Quality Assurance Tester (Manual)
Selenium Web Automation
Contact this candidate