CHRISTOPHER SAGEHORN
**** ***** ***** **** ** ***07
T: 707-***-**** E: ac4xhc@r.postjobfree.com
PROFILE
A goal oriented and resourceful operations manager with experience in production, scheduling, quality assurance, plant management and lean manufacturing. Excellent communication skills to coordinate with cross-functional teams, build partnerships, and advise leadership.
EXPERIENCE

FILTRATION GROUP 2017- PRESENT
Value stream Manager
Direct the manufacturing process and operational procedures and objectives.
Defined manufacturing performance standards and reviewed the outcome of performance goals (KPI) to set future targets.
Created and maintained automated production floor schedule with real time refresh to allow increased visibility on production floor and allowing prioritizing by schedulers.
Held monthly town hall meetings to give information and goals. Receive feedback and to talk about safety concerns, new programs and goal setting. Win and fails type format.
ISO 9000:2015 certified Lead Auditor.

VODE LIGHTING 2015-2017
Production / Quality/ Purchasing
Responsible for the management of the Power groups, LED assembly and Quality group.
Responsible for all aspects of manufacturing and fulfillment of product to customers including order management and processing while maximizing quality assurance, cost effectiveness, and profitability.
Led multiple rapid improvements to reduce waste with focus on standardizing processes.
Created and maintained automated production floor schedule with real time refresh to allow increased visibility on production floor and allowing prioritizing by schedulers.
1.2 million dollars in combined savings by improving vendor relationships. Investing in creative solutions to real world purchasing problems.

BLUE APRON 2014-2015
West Coast Assistant General Manager
Lead a team of 5 area managers, 15 lead supervisors, and 300 hourly associates.
Responsible for manufacturing and fulfillment of product to customers including order management and processing while maximizing quality assurance, cost effectiveness, and profitability.
Developed internal and external tracking and monitoring to manage service, quality, cost control, timeliness and reporting of all KPIs (Key Performance Indicators)
Utilize lean manufacturing strategies to improve manufacturing cost. Implementing Kaizen and 5’s systems.

PEET’S COFFEE & TEA 2010-2014
Quality Assurance Supervisor
Quality Supervisor for implementation of $40M single serve product launch.
Lead Quality Team and all employees engaged in quality assurance activities.
Developed and implemented all SOPs, GMPs and Product Packaging Specifications.
Manage all third party audits. AIB, Silliker, SQF, Kosher and Passover approved certifications.
Manage Organic, UTZ and Fair Trade Act certifications.
Ensure compliance with all HACCP requirements.
Troubleshoot and resolve product quality problems by root cause analysis and trend data. Implement corrective actions to develop long-term solutions to problem

CHRYSLER GROUP LLC, ST. LOUIS ASSEMBLY PLANT 1994-2009
Team Leader- Assembly Department
Responsible for training employees on assembly line operations based on Toyota Production system..
Conducted team meetings to encourage employee empowerment and generate continuous improvement ideas.
Participated in activities to improve productivity and process flow.
Communicated effectively with all levels of management to resolve daily issues.
Conducted repairs on electrical, trim, and chassis components of the vehicle.
Communicated top defects to management and workers to drive back issues and build quality in station.
Conducted general assembly work in high paced manufacturing facility, 82 jobs/h

SKILLS

HACCP, OSHA Certified
ISO 9001 2015 series trained
Fishbowl, QAD, Netyeild, Zontec ERP management experience
Contact this candidate