Open-Source Automation – Exploratory testing– OWASP – Relational Databases

Seeking a position in software quality assurance.

PROFESSIONAL SKILLS

Exploratory testing, providing usability feedback for customers
Experience writing automated tests using Java, Selenium, TestNG, Maven
Familiar with SQL queries, MS SQL server, SSMS
ASTQB (CTFL) certified
Routinely used Jenkins, Git and JIRA.
Wrote JavaScript, HTML5 and CSS for personal website
Built website using Django and Python
Used automated testing tools to test web applications and restful services
Familiarity with OWASP Web application security flaws

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

uTest June 2017 - Current
Software Tester
Functional testing for the most innovative applications in the app stores, execute test scripts and exploratory testing.
Provide feedback on app quality and usability.
Web and desktop testing on PC, mobile testing on iOS and Android.
Proficient in developing automated tests using JAVA (Eclipse), Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, within Maven architecture.
Experience in application development pipeline, including github and Jenkins.
Managed and maintained Jenkins server to perform automated tests on committed projects.
Built website using HTML, JavaScript, Python and Django, http://qiushuiqing.com.
Experience in translating manual tests into automated test solutions, https://github.com/qiushuiqing/Gittest.

Johns Hopkins University Sep. 2014 – June 2017
PostDoc
Managed concurrent projects exploring the role of hepatic estrogen receptor α in the regulation of gluconeogenesis, lipogenesis and reproductive function.
Led team to develop novel molecular targeted agents, and mentored a lab technician to perform variety of tasks, meeting weekly project deadlines with other team leaders.
Developed and executed tests on efficacy of drug groups, identifying, analyzing, prioritizing and resolving discrepancies between experimental plans and executions.
Used defect tracking systems while designing biological experiments.
Wrote test cases and analyzed business requirements passed down by Principal investigator for scientific experiments.

Medical College of Georgia Aug. 2010 – Sep. 2014
Graduate Research Assistant
Designed and executed experiments and project plans, ensuring that all protocols met Principal Investigator’s requirements and standards held by JHU safety and regulations.
Prepared reports and presentations to Galectin Therapeutic Inc.
Led the planning, implementation and management of lab teams engaged in different projects.
Analyzed signaling pathways to advise Principle Investigator.

EDUCATION

ATSQB (CTFL) Certification Aug. 2017

Georgia Regents University, GA, USA Aug. 2009 – Sep. 2014
PhD, Vascular Biology
Nanjing University, China Sep. 2006 – Mar. 2009
Master’s of Science, Physiology
Nanjing University, China Sep. 2002 – July 2006
Bachelor’s of Science, Biology

HONORS AND ACCOLADES

Published four publications in peer reviewed journals and more than ten printed abstracts.
Received many scientific rewards.
Contact this candidate