Professional Profile
I hav e over ** years of experience with bridge, structural,
pipeline, marine coating, lining inspection, and corrosion assessment. I am a former union master painter trade’s person including foreman, with surface preparation and coating/lining application experience. I have extensive experience in all phases of lead abatement, sandblasting, coating and lining applications. I am a NACE Level III Certified Coating Inspector and am very familiar with quality control operations, containment structures, health and safety, and hazardous material disposal aspects as related to industrial painting projects. During the past two years, I have ran and managed the West Coast office for Greenman-Pedersen, where I was responsible for all of the day to day operations, working with contractors and clients, and provided assessments, RFP's, proposals, and billing, to state and county municipalities. Project Experience
Protective Coatings Manager, August '14 - May '18 Managed multi- million dollar contracts for MassDOT. Managed both shop and field coating inspectors to insure that all work was performed according to specifications, performed field audits. Reviewed all procedures and specifications with contractors and inspectors. Verified all equipment calibrations and material certifications were current. Created and managed forms and documents relevant to daily operations and project completion. Client: MassDOT
Whittier Bridge Replacement Project, Newburyport-Amesbury, MA, March '14 - June '15. Protective Coatings Manager. The John Greenleaf Whittier Bridge Replacement carries I-95 over the Merrimack River between Newburyport and Amesbury, MA. As part of a $292 million dollar design-build project, the existing through truss is being replaced with twin network tied arch structures. The tied arch structures and new girders consist of a belt and suspenders design, which includes Corten
(weathering) steel coated with a thermal spray coating (metalizing) and sealed with a three coat paint system. Responsibilities include providing full-time quality assurance coating in-spections during the steel fabrication process. Client: MassDOT
Clean and Paint 4 Overpasses, District 5, MA, '14–'15. Protective Coatings Manager. Managed million dollar contract for MassDOT. Managed both shop and field coating inspectors to insure that all work was performed according to specifications, performed field audits. Reviewed all procedures and specifications with contractors and in-spectors. Verified all equipment calibrations and material certifications were current. Created and managed forms and documents relevant to daily operations and project completion. Client: MassDOT
Route 2 over Route 112 and the Deer ield River, Buckland – Shel- burne, MA, May-June '13. Coatings Inspector. This project in-cluded the cleaning and repainting of various sections of structural steel on the bridge which carries Route 2 over the Route 112 and the Deerfield River between Buckland and Shelburne, MA. The bridge is approximately 535’ long with 4 spans. The work included an SSPC SP-10 blast removal with a Class 1A containment, and repainting with a multi-coat zinc-epoxy- urethane system. Client: MassDOT
RESUME
Tom Mathews
Protective Coatings Manager & Project
Manager
e-mail: ac63ys@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 971-***-****
CERTIFICATIONS:
2011/NACE Certified Coating Inspector Level III # 32567 2011/NACE Certified Coatings Inspector Level II #32567 C-3 Competent Person Lead Abatement 2014/Auditing
2014/Auditing(CQA) Fundamentals
OSHA Confined Space Training
OSHA 10-Hour Construction Safety & Health
OSHA Fall Protection
Audit Fundamentals I
Audit Fundamentals II
YEARS WITH GREENMAN-PETERSEN INC.: 7
YEARS WITH OTHER FIRMS: 25
PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS
NACE International
RESUME
Tom Mathews
Protective Coatings Manager & Project Manager
Queets Bridge Painting Project, Queets, WA, June-December '13. Senior Coating Inspector. This project included the full cleaning and repainting of the 838-foot long bridge that has four spans, three concrete piers and extends across the Queets River. Steel was abrasive blasted to an SSPC-SP-10 standard with a Class 1A containment and repaint with multi-coat moisture cure paint system zinc, epoxy, and urethane. Completed the work on January 23, 2014, The project received 100% funding from the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA)/WA State Dept. of Transportation (WADOT) Bridge Replacement off System Program. Client: Integ- rity Structural Engineers
Moore & Conrad Lundy Bridges, Skamania County, WA, January '13. Senior Coating Inspector. GPI performed corrosion/paint assessment on both the Moore Bridge & Conrad Lundy Bridge. Work included submitting a report and preparing Special Provisions as an adjunct to the WADOT Standard Specifications to repaint the bridges. Also assisted the Engineer of Record in responding to RFI’s from contractors. Client: Integrity Structural Engineers, PLLC Airport WWTP Wet Well Pump Building, OR, January '13. Senior Coating Inspector. Coatings inspection of an airport WWTP wet well pump building. GPI performed full time third party QA inspection of the surface preparation of new concrete and the 3 coats of paint applied, High voltage holiday detection and daily reporting. Client: Parametrix Clean and Paint 3 Overpasses, Braintree – Milton, MA, September - November '12. Coatings Inspector. This project included the full cleaning and repainting of 3 bridges along the I-93 corridor (the Southeast Expressway). These bridges included Antwerp Street and Wood Street over I-93 in Milton and Route 3 SB over I-93 NB in Braintree. The work, included the cleaning of all structural steel and over 1,000 feet of bridge railings to an SSPC SP-10 standard with a Class 1A containment and repainting with a multi-coat urethane system Client: MassDOT
Boeing Building 45-08 WWTP - Everett, WA, July '12. Coatings Inspector. The project included installation of two 65,000-gallon double containment steel storage tanks. GPI provided full time 3rd party inspection services. Inspection work included abrasive blast cleaning, Class 1A containment, single and plural component coating systems. The work included WFT and DFT readings, ambient conditions, surface chloride concentration testing, daily visual inspection, surface profile testing and high voltage holiday detection. Client: Otto Rosenau & Associates, Inc.
Contact this candidate