DANIEL E. RODGERS
*** ** ***** *****
Morgan Hill, CA 95037
Telephone: 408-***-**** Cell 408-***-****
E-mail: ac6e7d@r.postjobfree.com

Career Summary
Proven and experienced manager with a broad background in quality assurance, project management, engineering, construction, procurement, and maintenance. More than 30 years of progressively responsible experience in quality assurance and management, including quality assurance management and consulting for corporate clients. Experience also spans quality engineering, auditing, inspection, and testing. Implemented programs to apply quality assurance principles, policies, procedures, theories and concepts and coordinated planning, organization, customer relations, supplier interface, regulatory compliance, auditing, corrective and preventive action, and nonconformance dispositions and analyses. Skilled in procurement and communication with strong problem-solving skills in engineering, design, fabrication, construction, and consulting environments.

Extensive experience in developing and maintaining quality assurance programs, policies, and procedures, consulting with scientists, engineers, and managers on quality assurance issues and preparing quality assurance plans, developing and conducting independent quality assurance audits, assessing and documenting reviews to verify and ensure conformance with policies and procedures, developing and implementing quality assurance requirements for procurements and qualifying vendors, and designing, developing, and conducting training programs to communicate quality assurance and related topics effectively to a variety of audiences.

Knowledge of and experience with various codes and standards, including DOE orders and directives, Federal Codes and Standards and Regulatory Guides (e.g., 10CFR50, Appendix B, 10CFR71, Subpart H, 10CFR72, Subpart G, 10CFR21, industry standards including ANSI/ASME NQA -1, ISO standards [ISO 9000, ISO 17025]), and various design basis codes and standards, as they apply to organizations that design, procure, fabricate, construct, test, and engage in operational activities for nuclear applications to the extent specified by contract or licensing/certification regulations, including Nuclear Regulatory Commission licensed product and quality assurance programs, ASME “N” stamped product and quality assurance programs.

Effective communication skills and knowledge to explain, present, negotiate, advise, and influence all levels of personnel. Well-developed interpersonal skills allow me to interact with diverse personalities and disciplines.

Professional Experience
Quality Systems Services Morgan Hill, CA
Quality Assurance Consultant, October 2017–Present
Quality assurance engineer in private practice related to engineering, design, fabrication, construction, waste management, and consulting activities for nuclear and commercial applications and related industries.
Consulted with clients on quality management, quality engineering, internal and supplier audits, procedure writing, program development, general quality program support, training, corrective and preventive action and apparent and root cause analysis, source surveillance, design review and configuration management.
Developed and maintained quality assurance programs for safety-related and nonsafety-related activities in accordance with the requirements of 10CFR50, Appendix B, 10CFR71, Subpart H, 10CFR72, Subpart G, ANSI N45.2, ASME NQA-1, 10CFR21, ISO 9001:2015 (additional ISO standards), and DOE orders and directives.

Structural Integrity Associates San Jose, CA
Director, Quality Assurance (July 2008 to October 2017)
Corporate Quality Assurance Manager (March 2005 to July 2008)
Managed all quality assurance activities related to structural evaluations and repairs for nuclear and fossil fuel power plants and related industries by applying engineering analysis, materials assessment, inspection, and monitoring solutions to complex engineering problems and asset management services. Responsibilities included coordinating and managing quality assurance activities and developing and interpreting quality procedures and corporate quality policies. Worked closely with the president, board of directors, corporate managers, business unit managers, staff, clients, and regulatory agencies.
Managed the implementation of the quality assurance program and reported the status and adequacy of the program to the president and board of directors. Responsibilities included reviewing contract-related documents to approve applicable quality assurance requirements, conducting training regarding quality assurance program requirements, working directly with clients and regulators, conducting audits of quality-related activities to verify proper implantation of programs. Performed supplier quality system audits and participated as a quality representative in audits of the quality system by regulators and clients, developed, reviewed, and controlled quality procedures, reviewed and approved project instructions, prepared and approved corrective and preventive action and nonconformance dispositions, analyzed corrective action and nonconformance reports to identify adverse quality trends, identified root and causes of issues of concern.
Developed and maintained quality assurance program for safety-related and nonsafety-related activities in accordance with the requirements of 10CFR50, Appendix B, ANSI N45.2, ASME NQA-1, 10CFR21, ISO/IEC 17025:2005, or ISO 9001:2000 as applicable.
Developed the quality assurance programmatic requirements to comply with the SI quality assurance manual, quality procedures, and nondestructive quality procedures for implementing ISO/IEC 17025:2005. Obtained SWEDAC ISO Certification/Accreditation, ISO/IEC 17025:2005 in May 2011.

Quality Systems Services Morgan Hill, CA
Quality Assurance Consultant, November 1996–March 2005
Quality assurance engineer in private practice related to engineering, design, fabrication, construction, nuclear spent fuel and waste management, and consulting activities for nuclear applications and related industries.
Consulted with clients on quality management, quality engineering, internal and supplier audits, procedure writing, program development, general quality program support, training, corrective and preventive action and apparent and root cause analysis, source surveillance, design review and configuration management.
Clients included VECTRA, Westinghouse Scientific Ecology Group (SEG), Westinghouse Engineered Products Department (EPD), Sierra Nuclear Corporation, TRANSNUCLEAR West, Ranor Incorporated, Westinghouse Spent Nuclear Fuel Systems (SNFS), British Nuclear Fuels, Ltd. (BNFL), Fuel Solutions, Packaging Technologies, Inc., and Structural Integrity Associates.
Developed and maintained related quality assurance programs for safety-related and nonsafety-related activities in accordance with the requirements of 10CFR50, Appendix B, 10CFR71, Subpart H, 10CFR72, Subpart G, ANSI N45.2, ASME NQA-1, 10CFR21, ISO 9001:2000, and DOE orders and directives.

Insync Systems, Inc. Milpitas, CA
Quality Engineer, January 1996–November 1996
Responsible for all quality engineer activities at the Centre Pointe and Fremont facilities related to fabricating piping and gas flow systems for use in the semiconductor manufacturing industry.
Developed a quality assurance program in accordance with the ISO-9000 requirements as the project owner.
Managed key process owners in developing an ISO-9001 quality assurance program. Managed the development of all Level II and Level III quality procedures and work instructions per ISO-9001.
Maintained and implemented the quality assurance program and managed the document control and receiving inspection areas.

Vectra Technologies, Inc. San Jose, CA
(Formerly Pacific Nuclear Systems)
Quality Assurance Supervisor Fuel Services Division, November 1995–January 1996
Western Region Quality Assurance Manager, March 1994–November 1995
Quality Assurance Manager, Engineering Services Division (NUTECH), June 1991–March 1994
Quality Assurance Engineer, Fuel Services Division, April 1993–March 1994
Quality Assurance Administrator, Engineering Services Division (NUTECH), December 1990–June 1991
Acting Quality Assurance Manager, Nuclear Packaging Division, August 1990–December 1990
Quality Assurance Engineer, Nuclear Packaging Division, June 1989–August 1990
Senior Quality Assurance Inspector, Nuclear Packaging Division, May 1986–June 1989
Managed all quality assurance activities in western region of VECTRA related to engineering, design, fabrication, and construction activities for nuclear applications and related support industries. Activities included safety-related and important-to-safety engineering services and design, along with design and fabrication management of nuclear fuel dry storage and waste components, containers, and systems to support nuclear waste management and transportation.
Coordinated and managed quality assurance activities, developing and interpreting quality procedures and corporate quality policies. Worked closely with other VECTRA regional quality managers, VECTRA corporate management, clients, and regulatory agencies.
Managed the implementation of the quality assurance program and reported the status and adequacy of the program to the director of corporate quality assurance. Responsibilities included reviewing contract-related documents to approve applicable quality assurance requirements, conducting training regarding quality assurance program requirements, working directly with clients and regulators, conducting audits of quality-related activities to verify proper implementation of the quality assurance program.
Performed supplier quality system audits and participated as a quality representative in audits of the quality system by regulators and clients, developed, reviewed, and controlled quality procedures, reviewed and approved project instructions, prepared and approved corrective and preventive action and nonconformance dispositions, analyzed corrective action and nonconformance reports to identify adverse quality trends, identified root and apparent cause of issues. Managed eight quality engineers and one quality administrator.
Developed and maintained related quality assurance program for safety-related and nonsafety-related activities in accordance with the requirements of 10CFR50, Appendix B, 10CFR71, Subpart H, 10CFR72, Subpart G, ANSI N45.2, ASME NQA-1, 10CFR21, and DOE orders and directives.

Olympic Northwest Industries Port Orchard, WA
Quality Assurance Manager, March 1984–March 1986
Responsible for and managed all quality assurance activities, including developing, implementing, and administering the quality system related to fabricating and constructing containers, components, and systems to support nuclear waste management and transportation. Participated as a quality representative in audits of the quality system by regulators and clients.
Developed welding procedures, inspection planning, quality procedures, and testing methods. Performed dimensional, mechanical, liquid penetrant, and magnetic particle inspections. Performed functional, hydrostatic and load tests. Reviewed and approved material test reports, quality records, and documentation and data packages. Managed the quality staff, including three inspectors and document control.
Developed and maintained related quality assurance program for safety-related and nonsafety-related activities in accordance with the requirements of 10CFR50, Appendix B, 10CFR71, Subpart H, 10CFR72, Subpart G, ANSI N45.2, ASME NQA-1, 10CFR21, and DOE orders and directives. Fabrication acceptance criteria and qualification requirements included ASME, ASTM, ANSI, AWS, ASNT, and client-specific criteria.

Education/Certifications
St. Mary’s College of California
Bachelor of Arts, Management

Everett Community College
Associate in Technical Arts, Quality Control

Certifications
Lead Auditor per ANSI N45.2.23 and ANSI N45.2.12 (1989 to present)
Level II Inspector per ANSI N45.2.6 Inspection (dimensional, electrical, and mechanical)
Internal Quality Auditor Training per ISO-9000, Certification #0135A091196/13, Registration #R141
Certification per SNT-TC-1A
oUltrasonic Examination: Level II
oLeak Testing (Bubble Formation): Level II
oMagnetic Particle: Level II
oLiquid Penetrant: Level II
Level II Ultrasonic Digital Thickness Testing per ANSI N45.2.6
American Welding Society (AWS), Weld Inspection Certification per AWS QC1-86 (1986-1995)
Numerous training courses, classes, and seminars related to quality, project and process management, and industry-related issues.

Security Clearance
Unescorted Site Access, Southern California Edison (SCE) – San Onofre Nuclear Generation Station

Professional Affiliations
American Society for Quality (ASQ), senior member (previous)
American Welding Society (AWS), member
American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME), member
Contact this candidate