Contact Al (Tah)Yasmin Information, Ahmos Building gate, No.7
Mohamed Zohry Ahmed
Quality Assurance Manager
Summary
***** *******, ********* ********** *******, Representative Certified for Lead ISO/Auditor QMS – Member ISO 9001 of & National OHSAS Construction Quality Institute and (NQI) Engineering MS Of Quality companies Assurance with 18 years in mohzohry@(011) Egypt.Hadayek 5-444*-***** hotmail.El 760 Ahram, com Giza, Education 9001: following System Achievements Develop • • • • • MCC GMS MTI AEO GEMS 2012 the & Solution Contracting Office International Management system. and the companies – Arabic German MechaTronics 2015 German Mediterranean qualifying Quality – 2013 Co. – Engineering 2014 Solutions Medical upgrading – Management Engineering for 2008 the ISO – zohry-Linkedin www.linkedin.2b400b24 Profile com/in/mohamed-
Master Thesis: in “Quality Quality Requirements Assurance for Cairo 2016 Project University, Management” ISSR
Cairo 1996 The 2002 Business B.A. American University, in English Administration University Faculty of Arts Training
• Lead Auditor -OHSAS 18001 –
Occupational Health and Safety
Management Systems
SGS, 2017.
• Internal Quality Auditing Based
• • Commerce, The Total (on Indicators TUV, SUSMENT, KPIs) ISO American Quality 2016 Key 9001:2015 2012 Performance 2015 Chamber Management of Publication
Project: Quality Assurance “Quality of HealthCare Diploma
Cairo 2000 Cairo 2014 Translation in NGOs University University, ” Diploma ISSR
• External Audits Training
(9001, 14001 & 18001), to
• • • Lead Six (SGS, TUV, acquire MCC, 9001:Internal Sigma 2013 2015 Auditor 2009 2008)IRCA Quality Training . membership Based Auditing on ISO Based on ISO 9001:2008
• Centerior Quality PICO, 2000 Systems USA, 2008 & ISO 9002
“Quality Assurance as A Requirement for Project Management” A research paper presented to the Annual Int’l Conference on Statistics, Computer Sciences and Operations Research 2016, held in ISSR at Cairo University from 5 - 8 Dec., 2016. This paper describes the quality requirements of the Project Quality Management processes. The focus of this paper is identifying the right concept of Quality Assurance vs Quality Control in project management processes (PMPs) and project performance.
CV - Mohamed Zohry 1/4
Work Experience
Quality " GMS www.Multidisciplinary Group: vitalkonzept-Assurance Vital Konzept consultancy leipzig.Manager com” “VK” firm Ex specialized ”GEMS”, “GMS”, in Nov. healthcare 2011 “MTI – & – Present AEO” Reporting CEO, responsible for monitoring and advising on the performance of the quality Management System. Liaising with others managers and staff to insure that QA system is functioning properly. Setting the Quality Assurance objectives and ensuring that targets are achieved, setting up and maintaining control and documentation procedures. planning the internal audit program for quality system, carrying out the internal audit according to the audit plan and quality procedures, closing previous audits non-conformance reports, following up the corrective and preventive actions, collecting and analyzing performance data and charts against defined parameters, preparing for management review meeting and carrying out its decrees and recommendations, issuing internal audit report and the efficiency of corrective and preventative actions, continuous improvement of performance and quality procedures, collecting. Supervising internal auditors team and set their audit tasks. Supervising all projects Document Controllers and following up their performance and tasks. Conduct ISO awareness and internal audit course to Staff.
Quality Mediterranean "A leading Assurance Class Contracting one Construction Chief Co. “MCC” company – www.Dec. mcc-2010 eg.com - Nov.” 2011 Setting the Quality Assurance goals, planning the internal audit program for quality system, carrying out the internal audit according to the audit plan and quality procedures, closing previous audits non-conformance reports, following up the corrective and preventive actions, preparing for management review meeting and carrying out its decrees and recommendations, preparing quality assurance performance measurements and all quality system performance measurements, issuing internal audit report and the efficiency of corrective and preventative actions, continuous improvement of performance and quality procedures, collecting customers feedback through Customer satisfaction Viewfinder, reporting to Management Representative and Quality Manager. Supervising internal auditors team and set their audit tasks. Supervising all projects Document Controllers and following up their performance and tasks.
stations Document INITEC "A Spanish Energía, - www.multinational Control initec-S.A & energia.Manager ALSTOM Co. es” (ACS Power Group) Generation working Nov.AG at 2008 field of - power Dec.2010 Issuing all project specific documents and drawings. Maintaining document distribution matrices of all drawings and documents to INITEC staff and subcontractors, Setting up the Project Master filling system and retrieving management system for all drawings, manuals, data sheets, materials certificates, catalogues and documents received by the document control department. Respond to queries regarding revision status of issued drawings/documents from engineering. Issuing CV - Mohamed Zohry 2/4
CV - Mohamed Zohry 3/4
Outstanding Reports for (RFIs &. Submittals), issuing Request for information, Submittals & Transmittals and their logs in addition to drawings logs. Creating a Chronology of events for all Project important documents such as RFI "from Subcontractors and to Consultant "PGESCo". Issuing Day file and distribute to all concerned staff on Site, in the Branch and at Head Office in Madrid, Daily reports for Alstom and INITEC contracts. Preparing turnover packages for submission. Project presentation show. Assuring document quality to include completeness, accuracy and compliance with established Quality Assurance polices and auditing ISO procedures.
Document Mediterranean "A leading Class Controller Contracting one Construction /Internal Co. “MCC” company Auditor – www.Jul.mcc-2004 eg.com - Nov.” 2008 Planning the internal audit program for quality system, carrying out the internal audit according to the audit plan and quality procedures, closing previous audits non-conformance reports, following up the corrective and preventive actions, preparing for management review meeting and carrying out its decrees and recommendations, preparing quality assurance performance measurements and all quality system performance measurements, issuing internal audit report and the efficiency of corrective and preventative actions, continuous improvement of performance and quality procedures, Receiving, checking and logging off all project specific documents and drawings. Executing timely distribution of all drawings and documents. Setting up the Project Master filling system and retrieving management system for all drawings and documents received by the document control department.. Handling correspondences and Contract translation and composing tasks, issuing Outstanding Reports for (RFIs. Transmittals, IRs). Creating brief History of Site Instructions and Creating a Chronology of events for all Project important documents such as RFI and S.I. Site finishing progress reports, issuing finishing follow up reports and statistics.
" Translator&Agawany A leading Trading company Public & Agencies in Relation the field Co. of Manager (machinery A member and of June2002 Agawany equipment” Group) – June2004 Handling both written translation and simultaneous interpreting in the field of trading and machinery engineering. Correspond with overseas suppliers / manufactures regarding quotations, specifications, and documentation. Representing the company at formal exhibitions, conferences, and seminars. Receiving and accompanying foreign delegations, and arranging their visit schedule .
Claims Skanaska " A world Researcher Cementation leading project International and construction Lt’d “Ex. Co.Kvaerner - Oct www.2000 skanska.” – May com” 2002 Assisting in the preparation of claims documents for submission to the Client .The basic role is researching claims items and creating a Chronology of relevant events. Preparing schedules of correspondence for the claims and trace the history of drawing submissions. Drafting the history and synopsis of RFI and FCN of the project. Co-ordinating work with the Claims Consultants.
CV - Mohamed Zohry 4/4
" Chairman’s Borais www.Oil Services borais.Petroleum net” Company Office Investment Manager specializing Co. in Directional Jan Drilling 1999 Services – Oct 2000 - Managing all the duties of Office Manager, managing the day to day running of the office of the Chairman, fully responsible for access to the Chairman and the management of his schedule. Studying and preparing tenders stuff and documents to be submitted to the clients, pass on tenders’ conditions requirements to all departments to be met.
" Document Laing-Egypt A leading CRC - www.Joint English Controller laing.Venture. com” Construction Co. with CRC "Four Aug. Seasons 1998 – Hotel" Jan 1999 Giza Receiving, checking and logging off all project specific documents and drawings. Liaising with other members of the co-ordination team to execute timely distribution of all drawings and documents. Setting up a simple but effective filing and retrieving management system for all drawings and documents received by the document control department. Delegation of tasks to technical clerks ensuring they understand and appreciate what is expected of them and why they are doing it. Having regular sessions with all members of the co-ordination team to ensure everyone understands process.
Translator& Foreign Affairs Co- July 1997 – Aug 1998
" Agawany ordinator A leading Trading company & Agencies in the field Co. of (machinery A member and of Agawany equipment” Group) Handling both written translation and simultaneous interpreting in the field of trading and machinery engineering. Correspond with overseas suppliers/manufactures regarding quotations, specifications, and documentation. Representing the company at formal exhibitions, conferences, and seminars. Receiving and accompanying foreign delegations, and arranging their visit.
Translator / Proof reader - Sept 1996 – July 2004
and The " (Member An African Middle English of East markets Economic Editing Observer - www.Newspaper Desk meobserver.Team) covering Part org” time the Middle job East, Arab Gulf Carrying out different editing tasks, translating, selecting news items from News Agencies material and internet, following up the international press, montaging news and re-editing, reviewing and proofreading articles and Additional news . Information
• Certificate of Merit from Cairo University for participating in “Post-
• Awarded graduation third Studies place & the in Challenges Business Excellence of 21st Century competition Conference” by Euro- . Services International.
Contact this candidate