Jeremiah Jones
310-***-****
Summary:
Inspiring people to perform information technology, change management, quality assurance and application support at their highest level. Working with Executives to understand business needs/requirements and ensuring testing and delivery to production are seamlessly, even when limited by technical factors that occur in complex environments.

Creating and implementing processes that are sustainable and agile with an execution best suited for an organization such that, people, process and technology coexist. Creating an environment of accountability, driven for success by setting expectation through metrics.

Managing direct reports in Change/Configuration Management, Enterprise Application Support and Quality Assurance. My brand has been one of “IT helping IT” with best practice, (ITIL), engaged employees and an understanding of an enterprise. Collaboration with Information Technology areas such as engineering, infrastructure, information security and the project management organization.

Experience:
Kinecta Federal Credit Union
Manager, IT Solution Delivery 6/2010 to 8/2018
Ran daily standup for Change Control and Quality Assurance Teams. Monthly and weekly one on ones and performance reviews. Participated in daily/weekly meetings with projects management team, development teams, infrastructure and vendors for all approved and adhoc projects across the Enterprise. Implemented Release automation as well as Test Automation.
Focused on Dev Ops and continuous delivery of strategic projects
oCreated and executed strategy
okey performance indicators, test plans and metrics for managed areas.
Managing three distinct Teams,
oIT Quality Assurance,
oEnterprise Application Support
oChange Management
Resource manager,
oHired for and created roles for automation in both QA and CM
oPromoted and transitioned roles, created new roles for automation
Wrote/created Process to support all business areas and projects
oResidential Lending, Consumer Lending, Online Banking, Mobile Banking and Secondary Marketing, Commercial lending, Alterative lending, insurance and retail banking.
oProcess were all audited by the CU and external vendors and proven effective

Acquired Knowledge: 7 Habits of highly effective people, Oz Training, Situational Leadership, Legal Side of Leadership, Core Banking software, maintaining multiple work streams over the enterprise. Managing my ‘brand’ and expanding my influence by leveraging and building relationships in the Enterprise. DISC, agile training, journey mapping

Mortgage Success Source, LLC
Software Quality Assurance Specialist/Engineer 11/2006 to 3/2010
The white box testing was done in a WAMP environment, (MS Sever, Apache, MSSQL, and PHP). The LAMP environment integrated after several mergers and was mostly Grey/Black box testing and required implementation of QA practices such as version control.
White box tested web applications in fast paced bull pin development environment
Solo QA analyst embedded with three to five developers pushing a variety of code
Worked remotely providing Quality Assurance for several mortgage industry tools
Tested the implementation of third party Java based site integrated with PHP tools and a C# back end
Ensured quality of products on the front end and quality of data on the back end
Acquired Knowledge: PHP, MSSQL, Jmeter, Sikuli, Firebug, Apache, VSS, Easy Projects, Mantis, SVN, IEpack, VMware, SharePoint. Tested apps that were built in ExtJS and Flex
RazorGator, Inc.
Software Quality Assurance Analyst 6/2006 to 11/2006
Short term contract, timing implementation of CMS/Search/Front-end testing/E-commerce
MS Server 2003 in a .NET environment using MSSQL
Executed acceptance, Functionality testing, Browser/OS compatibility
Used SQL select statements and where clauses to validate data and injection
Maintained bug database ensuring project flow and efficiency
Acquired Knowledge, Interfacing with MSSQL, Search Testing, Shopping Cart Testing, End user experience, smoke testing.
Electronic Arts, Inc.
Assistant Test Engineer, Lead/Senior QA Tester 3/2005 to 8/2006, 2/2006 to 8/2006
Lead testers on patches and expansion packs for PC and console projects
Experience carried over to cross platform testing, (PC ports to Console and Phone)
Smoke testing builds for QA team coordinated bug data base
Data Base Coordinator (Console NCG, Xbox, PS2)
Acquired Knowledge, Leadership skills, Dev-Test, Dev-Track, Battle Field world editor
Troika Games, Inc.
Production Tester 3/2004 to 2/2005
Reporting to Producer on site, Black/White box tested on next generation gaming engine, (Halflife2)
Requirements Testing for code release candidates, creating masters, building test suites for team to execute
Acquired Knowledge, Project Development, Asset Management, Half-life 2 Engine, Create Bench Marks/Test Suites
Activision, Inc.
Code Release Tester/QA Tester/Customer Support 10/2001 to 3/2004
Code Release Group, tested build and titles before release, Third party
Requirements Testing for code release candidates, creating masters, NCG, PS2, Xbox
Acquired Knowledge, Third Party Acceptance Testing, Localizations, Network Protocol Testing, Burn Lab Assistant tech
Coravue, Inc.
Marketing Web Specialist/Support 1/1999 to 10/2001
Database Programming using MySQL on a Sun Micro systems platform
Started as an intern through Santa Monica City College before being hired
Acquired Knowledge, MySQL, Sun Solaris, Send Mail, Cold Fusion, HTML, XML 1.0
Mostly rational databases, built my first Linux box from scratch using Red hat 7.0

Tools and Skills:
Technical,
Selenium, Microsoft Team Foundation Sever 2013, MS Release Manager, MS Test Professional 2013, SDLC, Agile, Fusion, Dream Weaver, Unix/Linux, Windows, Vmware, PHP, SQL, HTML, Coldfusion
Leadership,
Interpersonal, communication, manager of direct reports for Change Managment, Quality Assurance and Application Support
project management skills,
Process knowledge, attention to detail, timely follow-up, determination, Strong capability to maintain several projects at once, prioritize and organizational skills, Knowledge of game formats and competing products,
Quality Assurance, white box testing web applications built in, PHP, ASP, C#, Flex, JS, JSP, and .NET, Dev Track, Dev Test, PVC Bug Tracker, Mantis, Bugzilla
Change Contorl: Microsoft Release Manager, Visual Sorce Safe (VSS) and Perforce, Subversion (SVN)
Finance Applications:
Symitar, Meridian Link, Compass, Destiny LOS, Fiserv, TMG,
Video Game:
World Builder II, Battle Field II Editor, Quake 3 Editor, Unreal Editor, Xbox 360 Dev kit, PS2/Nintendo
Education:
Santa Monica City College
1996-2003 AA equivalent Major in Computer Information Systems Minor in Philosophy
GPA 3.4, Jazz Big Band and President of Philosophy Club 2000/01
"Quis custodiet ipsos custode"
Contact this candidate