Christopher Morris
**** ** ****** ****** ***.*** Lake City, FL 32055
386-***-****
ac6r90@r.postjobfree.com

Summary of Qualifications
Over 20 years’ experience in the manufacture, repair, overhaul and inspection of aircraft components and assemblies in 14 CFR Part 21, 121 & 145 facilities.
Excellent organization skills and the ability to set and meet deadlines.
Detail-oriented with the ability to work in a fast- paced environment with constantly shifting priorities.
Exceptional communication skills, both written and verbal.
Ability to work independently as well as in a team environment.
Possess a high degree of proficiency with MS Office products (including Word, Excel, and PowerPoint).
Work Experience
HAECO Americas Airframe Services – Lake City, FL
Manager of Quality Assurance, July 2016 to Current
Responsible for maintaining and improving the Quality Management system to ensure that it continues to comply with AS9100, customer and regulatory requirements.
Ensure that all quality related policies and procedures detailed in the Operations, Quality and Repair Station manuals are adhered to and carry out an ongoing review of the adequacy and effectiveness of Quality Management System procedures.
Develop the Annual Audit Plan to monitor compliance with and adequacy of procedures to ensure airworthy aircraft and that all maintenance is performed in accordance with Approved data.
Ensure that all internal and external quality audits are completed as scheduled.
Maintain and keep current all Quality Audit records for review at any time by the Regulatory authority and other external bodies as appropriate.
Act as the company liaison with the Regulator and Customer representatives, as may be appropriate on matters related to the Quality System.
Establish procedures for dealing with non-conformities, monitoring non-conformance reports and taking corrective/preventive action in response to audit findings.
Ensure that a thorough investigation is conducted for any aircraft damage events or quality escapes to determine root cause and develop action items to prevent reoccurrence.
Create monthly, quarterly and annual quality and regulatory compliance reports using data collected both internally and from customers for review by the Accountable Manager and senior management.
Review the Quality Systems of all contract labor providers and organize audits of their quality assurance systems.
Monitor all subcontracted maintenance for compliance with contract conditions relevant to airworthiness and that contracted organizations have the relevant Part 145 Approvals and facilities.
Maintain the Repair Station Approved Vendor List.

HAECO Americas Airframe Services – Greensboro, NC
Quality Assurance Auditor, August 2014 to July 2016
Conducted routine facility audits and general surveillance to verify compliance with regulatory requirements and company/customer policies and procedures.
Conducted external audits to qualify subcontractors to ensure they meet company quality standards.
Performed independent investigations into damage events and quality escapes on behalf of the organization.
Maintained adequate records of audit accomplishment, discrepancies noted and corrective action taken.
Reviewed and accepted or rejected corrective actions proposed by the organization in response to internal or external findings.
Performed follow-up audits of corrective actions implemented to ensure their effectiveness at preventing reoccurrence.
Coordinated investigations and provided responses to findings from the regulatory authority and customers.
Ensured accountability of technicians to conduct themselves within all guidelines of company and customer policies and regulations.
Participated in multiple group audits of FAR Part 145 certificated repair stations located in Hong Kong and the People’s Republic of China.

HAECO Cabin Solutions – Greensboro, NC
Quality Control Inspector, June 2013 to August 2014
Inspected material and product by using and interpreting work/engineering documents and inspection criteria requirements to ensure conformity of the product. Areas of inspection included machine shop, sheet metal assembly, avionics, composites, welding and fabrication.
Ensured that all assigned inspections are properly completed in compliance with established policies and procedures and corresponding inspection records are properly executed prior to releasing products.
Performed surveillance to ensure compliance with all applicable regulations, policies, and procedures.
Accomplished First Article Inspections to ensure products met customer requirements.
Provided input to the Engineering group to determine critical design features that require inspection.

TIMCO Aerosystems / HAECO Cabin Solutions – Greensboro, NC
Level IV Fabricator / Designated Trainer, July 2005 to June 2013
Completed fabrication projects within budgeted time while adhering to all company and customer standards of quality.
Ensured proper execution of job travelers, printed operations and MRB process to manufacture and repair any components of the product being fabricated.
Trained apprentice and lower level mechanics and assisted them in the performance of their job assignments.
Planned the assembly process for the installation of components and parts to ensure the most efficient methods are followed using lean manufacturing principles. Created all work instructions for the assembly process.
Worked with engineering staff concerning required design changes and ensured all changes were incorporated into engineered drawing revisions.
Analyzed and planned work force utilization and production flow for maximum efficiency.
Performed static load testing, conformity and First Article Inspections as required.
Education
Chandler-Gilbert Community College - Mesa, AZ
Aviation Maintenance Technology – June 1998

AS9100D Lead Auditor Training – April 2018

Kelvin TOP-SET Qualified Investigator

Occupational Licenses
Airframe and Powerplant Certificate
Federal Aviation Administration – June 1998

General Radiotelephone Operator License
Federal Communications Commission – May 1998
Contact this candidate