ac8bnv@r.postjobfree.com
501-***-****
https://www.linkedin.com/in/alex-gatmaitan-93175868/
Page 1
A LEX G ATMAITAN
Information Technology ~ Operations
Innovative, passionate, Information Technology Quality Assurance professional who has demonstrated the ability to lead diverse teams of professionals to new levels of success in a variety of process improvements, technology solutions, and fast-paced environments. Strong technical and business qualifications with an excellent track record of hands-on experience in quality assurance, operations management, strategic planning, business unit development, product development, and vendor management. Proven ability to successfully analyze an organization's critical business path, identify deficiencies and potential opportunities, and develop innovative and cost-effective solutions for enhancing quality, increased revenues, an enhanced customer experience, competitiveness, and speed to market. Business Development Product Development Software Engineering Test Automation Load/Performance Testing Mobile Application Testing Extract-Transform-Load (ETL) Testing Continuous Integration Agile Methodology Development and Operations (DevOps) System Development Life Cycle Project Management Vendor Management Operations & Strategic Management Process Optimization Training and Teambuilding PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Transamerica Life Insurance Company, Cedar Rapids, I A Systems Quality Assurance, Manager April 2013 – Present Implemented a Testing Center of Excellence (Testing CoE)/Enterprise Quality Assurance framework comprised of strategic assets (Quality Assurance Engineers, Business Analysts, Software Development Engineers in Test (SDET)), Processes, and Technologies) tied together to realize the vision of a centralized enterprise quality assurance organization. The Testing CoE/Enterprise Quality Assurance framework leverages test tools, techniques, and methodologies to deliver near-zero-defect applications to its business clients.
Defined a vision and implementation road map for an enterprise wide Testing CoE resulting in a robust framework that enables enterprises to establish strong quality processes.
Identified a set of key testing tools capable of functional testing, regression testing, load/performance testing, mobile application testing, extract-transform-load (ETL) testing, application programming interfaces (APIs) testing resulting in a positive impact to strategic projects and production support initiatives.
Set-up and maintain the hardware, software, and testing services infrastructure including test environments, virtual test farm, mobile device test lab, and testing toolkit.
Performed the role of hiring manager for both full-time onshore positions and offshore staff augmentation positions resulting in a dedicated core test team with a flexible offshore resource pool.
Performed a gap analysis on current testing practices resulting in standardized guidelines, templates, reusability of tools, and best practices for testing.
Establish a governance mechanism through an enterprise wide test management tool and project specific heat maps.
Implemented a structured, business-driven test management approach, including SDLC, Agile, and DevOps methodologies and testing techniques.
Introduced a structured approach to define business test cases based on risk based testing in order to improve testing effectiveness.
Responsible for Cost Center Budget/Planning.
Maximized Return on Investment (ROI) from software testing through consolidation and standardization of licenses, hardware, and test environments.
Developed a process in which to quantify the average testing time saved/total cost savings as a result of test automation against project metrics, while promoting the advantages of test automation enterprise wide.
Participated in vender selection and contract discussions, while leading all aspects of staff development.
Acted as liaison between the functional and technical teams.
Improved QA processes through continuous innovation, short evaluation cycles, and realistic ‘how to’ recommendations for every phase of testing (i.e. Unit Testing, System & Integration Testing, and Acceptance Testing).
Increased speed to market for new products, applications, and software enhancements through test automation and performance testing.
Provided training and mentoring to both testing teams and business organizations when applying test automation processes and changes.
Maintained a line of communication across all organizational levels either through written documentation or presentations to ensure direction of testing at a strategic level and operational level. ac8bnv@r.postjobfree.com
501-***-****
https://www.linkedin.com/in/alex-gatmaitan-93175868/ Page 2
Delivered higher customer satisfaction and employee engagement with improved quality of software and processes.
Participated in impact analysis, risk assessments, and SWOT (Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, and Threats) analysis on divisional projects/initiatives as to the affect/changes a new system/application would have on environment(s) and stakeholder(s).
Participated in Release Planning Sessions resulting in defined user stories and Sprint Planning Sessions aimed at identifying backlog Items to be developed during a two to three week sprint.
Interfaced with business partners in identifying organizational strategies, operational efficiencies, testing strategies, and proposals for increasing technical efficiencies, increased quality, and improving profitability.
Organized and facilitated requirement walkthroughs with development team(s), quality assurance team(s), and business owner(s) aimed at developing testing strategies and test plans that reflect user needs. Accomplishments
Established/implemented an enterprise wide Citrix XenDesktop that allows users access to a Centralized Virtual Test Farm via a specific Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP) Group. End users and QA testers can now execute test automation on a collection of virtual machines by accessing shared licenses on a license server eliminating the need to purchase hardware/software for testing on a project by project basis. The license server is utilized to manage a set of concurrent licenses based on availability. If a license is available, the license server allows the user access to the test tool. When the user completes his work and closes his session the license is reclaimed by the license server and made available to other authorized users. As a direct result of the virtual test farm, the annual cost for licenses related to automated testing tools was reduced by 35%.
Initiated/implemented a Data Driven Framework in both HPE UFT and Selenium WebDriver capable of querying data in order to prepopulate an automation data sheet to be used by the business teams when selecting test case data for a given test case. Once the test case(s) have been created the user can then click run to invoke the required driver/test script(s) based on the selected test data. This framework can be utilized against either a mainframe or client-server based application. Based on the introduction of the framework the need for automated scripts for executing daily functions/processes within the enterprise has increased by 38%.
Consistently exceeded a corporate goal aimed at reducing testing time by 25% or more through test automation resulting in an increased speed to market and cost savings per project.
Led a team comprised of technology services ranging from architecture, to system engineers, to desktop infrastructure in the analysis, selection, and implementation of both SeeTest Automation and CrossBowserTesting.com as enterprise wide end-to-end test tools. Through a local Mobile Test Lab users can now remotely access and reserve a specific mobile device (i.e. iOS, Android, Blackberry, or Windows Phone) via SeeTest Automation when testing native applications. Conversely, a user can access CrossBrowserTesting.com interactive test lab to run live tests in hundreds of browsers and operating system combinations. Both test tools offer a record and play mechanism. There is minimal need for code writing due to the recording of actions performed and all functions and gestures are supported. All test scripts are re-useable minimizing testing time, while increasing the volume of testing performed.
Introduced/implemented a client managed staff augmentation strategy to staff projects and respond to objectives. This model leverages existing talent with a dedicated resource pool consisting of Quality Assurance Engineers, Business Analysts, and Software Development Engineers (SDET) as an extension of in-house quality assurance teams on fixed or flexible terms, and conditions. Management of these resources and the delegation of work is the responsibility of the Testing CoE/Enterprise Quality Assurance management teams.
Designed/implemented/transitioned an access database into a Visual Studio/.Net Framework Database hosted on a Webserver to further quantify the cost savings and average testing time saved due to automated testing vs. manual testing based on a given project/initiative. The database through a series of macros and formulas considers the time spent developing and executing the automaton against the time it would take to manually execute the exact same test conditions. As a result, the database is able to quantify both efforts and provide the amount of time and cost savings as a direct result of the test automation. The data provided can then be used in estimate future testing time and cost for a given project.
Transamerica Employee Benefits, Little Rock, AR
Quality Assurance, Manager April 2003 – April 2013 Established a department from the ground-up comprised of a team of Business System Analysts and Quality Assurance Analysts responsible for Multi-Platform System Analysis, Testing, and Data Integrity across departmental lines that ensures product quality, data integrity, and processing efficiency across all systems.
Responsibilities center around but are not limited to the development/coordination/planning/direction of both business analysis & testing phases for both technology and operation projects utilizing either a Waterfall or Agile (Scrum) Methodology.
Responsible for Cost Center Budgeting/Planning.
Performed the role of hiring manager for both permanent positions and contract positions based on department/project needs.
Participated in vender selection and contract discussions, while leading all aspects of staff development. ac8bnv@r.postjobfree.com
501-***-****
https://www.linkedin.com/in/alex-gatmaitan-93175868/ Page 3
Participated in impact analysis, risk assessments, and SWOT (Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, and Threats) analysis on divisional projects/initiatives as to the affect/changes a new system/application would have on environment(s) and stakeholder(s).
Facilitated joint application requirements (JAR), joint application design (JAD), cost benefits analysis (CBA), and business impact analysis (BIA) session(s) with related stakeholders.
Oversaw the creation of business requirement documentation (BRD) and functional requirement documentation (FRD) to be used by development team(s).
Participated in Release Planning Sessions resulting in defined user stories and sprint planning sessions aimed at identifying backlog items to be developed during a two to three week sprint.
Interfaced with business partners in identifying organizational strategies, operational efficiencies, testing strategies, and proposals for increasing technical efficiencies, and improving profitability.
Cleared any ambiguities that existed and resolved defects and bugs that the various cross functional business teams might have encountered.
Organized and facilitated requirement walkthroughs with development team(s), quality assurance team(s), and business owner(s) aimed at developing testing strategies and test plans that reflect user needs.
Acted as liaison between the functional and technical teams.
Monitored code migrations and version releases between Test, Model, and Production regions. Accomplishments
Designed/implemented an enterprise wide test management tool (i.e. Transamerica Enterprise System for Tracking and Archiving Results
(TESTAR)) used to store and maintain Test Plans, Test Matrices, Test Results, and Reported Defects. TESTAR streamlines the testing process, provides detailed tracking of key metrics, and allows for quick access to perform data analysis. When administering test cases, users can access a variety of dashboards to gain access to data instantly, making the test process efficient and accurate. The type of dashboard used is determined by the user as well as the information and data that need to be executed/extracted during the testing process. Data can be shared and accessed across multiple project teams, allowing for effective communication and collaboration throughout the testing process. TESTAR gives teams the ability to consolidate and structure their test process using one test management tool customized to their business need, instead of purchasing a vendor driven application.
Directed the analysis and testing phases in the development of an internal/external Producer View and Home Office View web based Proposal System capable of generating employer/non-employer (ex. unions & associations) specific proposal PDFs including real- time rates (age banded & composite), custom proposals, marketing brochures, and employer case documents. Since implementation an average of 34,725 proposals have been generated per year.
Led a team of Quality Assurance Analysts in successfully testing a web based Enrollment System (i.e. TransApp), resulting in over
$453,000 in cost benefits in new business administration and a 39% increase in annual New Business Sales.
Managed the analysis and testing phases focused on New Business, Middleware, and Inforce Regression testing in conjunction with a CyberLife Upgrade encompassing multiple releases (version 04.01 to 10.01) and the implementation of an enhanced data archival process resulting in over $385,000 in cost benefits due to a reduction in cycle time.
Successfully oversaw the analysis and testing phases in support of multiple health product conversions to TriZetto’s QicLink administration system. Activities ranged from product plan code development, claims adjudication, and history conversion. This initiative resulted in the conversion of two products and 2.8 million in cost benefits in health claims administration.
Coordinated the analysis and testing phases associated to a rewrite of an in house application (i.e. TransWeb) capable of viewing mainframe segments (i.e. Agent Control File, Commission Statements, and Vouchers) from a simple object access protocol (SOAP) web services to a new customer information control system (CICS) web services. Due to this initiative a new smart client application was developed resulting in a cost benefit savings of $185,000 in license fees.
Oversaw the testing phase related to infrastructure changes within an existing administrative system (CyberLife) to allow for multiple instances (i.e. multi-company) of an administrative system within one operating system. This action played a strategic role in meeting market strategies targeting joint ventures, acquisitions, and third party administration.
Directed the analysis and testing phases in the development of a self-service web portal (i.e. transamericaemployeebenefits.com) offering Producers (agents & brokers), Employers (employers & plan administrators), and Customers (individuals & employees) the ability to view personal information, billing statements, reconciliation tools, get quotes, and compensation information, receive agent e-mail alerts, etc.. Since implementation 10,358 producers, 13,389 employers, and 98,691 customers have registered resulting in an average of 24,200 service requests processed annually.
Established a business process with an emphasis on speed to market analysis and testing for both health and life products critical to market strategies and a diverse portfolio of supplemental life and health products. As a result, sixteen health and five life products were implemented generating a 67% increase in annual New Business sales.
Coordinated the analysis and testing phases in the development of a billing, receipting, reconciliation, allocating, suspense system (i.e. BRASS) responsible for administering to 30,010 employer groups consisting of 776,948 active policies, resulting in the elimination of three billing administration systems and over $525,000 in cost benefits in group billing administration.
Led a team of business analysts and quality assurance analysts in the development of an employer information system (i.e. EIS) consisting of Employer Case Set-up Detail, Product Master Detail, Billing Group Detail, Division Details, Agent Set Details, Payor Details, ac8bnv@r.postjobfree.com
501-***-****
https://www.linkedin.com/in/alex-gatmaitan-93175868/ Page 4
Administrator Details, Affiliation Details, and Reports Details. Currently, the application houses information specific to 30,899 group employers, associations, labor unions, credit unions, pools, and trust.
Successfully oversaw the analysis phase in the creation of a product offering database (POD) capable of housing information related to both life and health products, from initial filing with a given state(s) through the withdrawal from sale of a given product. POD serves as the central repository of current and historical product information utilized by all Transamerica Employee Benefits (TEB) systems.
Successfully oversaw the analysis and testing phases in the implementation of a new business front-end application (i.e NuBIS) capable of accepting/processing new group applications and the issuance of policies or correspondence requesting additional information. As a result of this initiative, processing time of paper applications increased by 153% (i.e. 75 to 190 applications per day), producer satisfaction has increased as a result of processing turnaround times being reduced from five days to three days, an increase in quality standards from 95% to 98%, and a decrease in new hire training from 125 days to 30 days.
Successfully oversaw the analysis and testing phases in the implementation of an enterprise customer relationship management software (i.e. Pivotal) consisting of sales tools such as sales force automation, marketing automation and lead management and customer service automation, partner automation, mobile CRM, analytics and call scripting. This initiative provided Home Office, Regional Sales Office, and Support Staff with the ability to manage, track, and report sales activities/performance while managing contact data for both producers and prospective producers, appointment data, and sales activities data. CNO Financial Group, Inc. (formerly Conseco Services, LLC.), Carmel, IN Insurance Operations, Sr. Manager February 1998 – April 2003 Led a team of specialized Business System Analysts in successfully completing both the analysis and testing phases of key corporate initiatives targeting processing efficiencies and administrative cost savings.
Responsible for managing the testing within Integration/Unit Test, Model, and Convert Regions.
Performed the role of hiring manager, while leading all aspects of staff development.
Participated in the Cost Benefit Analysis (CBA), which identified distinct business needs derived from the project.
Performed detailed analysis related to either Design or Test.
Established a Testing/Regression Testing Methodology and Plan focused on functionality, performance, information, interface, system availability, security, and maintainability.
Wrote Business Requirements based on user requested functionality.
Acted as IT liaison in determining future Business Needs and Management Options.
Led Issues Group in the resolution of testing issues.
Responsible for the development and implementation of a detailed Project Plan.
Adapt to moving target dates and manage concurrent projects of equal priority.
Performed analysis on data discrepancies resulting in the design/creation of a comprehensive Desktop User Manual.
Developed a continuing Education/Enhanced Learning Program geared to offshore training utilizing MeetingPlace Web Conferencing.
Created detailed lesson plans to help facilitate home office, as well as offshore, training sessions.
Managed/Conducted training sessions on System Orientation and Functional Processing.
Created, implemented, and managed a project specific Workflow System.
Set Service Standards and performed quality assurance checks related to processing and correspondence.
Established a Testing/Regression Testing Methodology for converting successive Legacy Administrative Systems and Upgrades.
Performed detailed analysis associated to Data Mapping.
Created a set of detailed Comparison Reports used to validate key fields between Source System and Target System.
Developed a comprehensive set of Integration/Model test plans/test matrices/test scripts.
Implemented/reviewed a set of Beyond Compare Reports used to validate cycle output between source system and target system.
Coordinated Interface feeds/testing between Sub-Systems and Target System.
Created QARun Scripts to aid in testing and data clean up.
Developed/documented Processing Tips and Workarounds.
Participated in the development of QARun Scripts used to compare key fields between policy administration systems and an IVR System.
Accomplishments
Participated in the development of QARun Scripts used to compare key fields between policy administration systems and IVR System.
Directed a team of Business Systems Analysts in successfully implementing a Process Improvement Efficient Strategy (i.e. PIES) resulting in the design and creation of a Front-End Object Oriented series of screens that allow a user to process an address change or ac8bnv@r.postjobfree.com
501-***-****
https://www.linkedin.com/in/alex-gatmaitan-93175868/ Page 5
title change (i.e. insured, owner, beneficiary, assignee or payor) on either a life, health, or annuity policy on either LifePro, Life 70, or CyberLife administrative systems. This initiative generated over $7 million in administrative cost benefits and greatly reduced user training times.
Developed and conducted Offshore Training involving LifePro, Life 70, and CyberLife resulting in the data clean-up of approximately 23,000 policies and the creation of a specialized offshore team responsible for ongoing data integrity.
Successfully led a specialized group of Programmers and Business System Analysts in converting five Legacy Systems affecting 320,000 policies to LifePro policy administration system followed by three system upgrades due to scheduled releases.
Established a set of Departmental Guidelines, Worksheets, and Correspondence to be used when clearing current/future suspended policies.
Built/trained a strong Conversion Team to successfully accomplish company goals related to Data Conversions and Upgrades.
Developed, implemented, and supported a set of criteria resulting in a Production Watch List.
Led a team of Business Analysts in successfully testing an Integrated Voice Response System (IVR) linked to LifePro policy administrative system and CyberLife policy administrative system. National Guardian Life Insurance Company (formerly Madison National Life Insurance Co.), Madison, WI Policyowner Service, Manager November 1994 – February 1998 Established, directed and oversaw Policyowner Service functions including but not limited to New Business Processing, Cash Surrenders, Cash Loans, Non-Forfeiture Processing, Miscellaneous Changes, etc.. via Life Pro policy administration system.
Performed the role of hiring manager, while leading all aspects of staff development.
Responsible for Cost Center Budgeting/Planning.
Conducted training sessions on System Orientation and Functional Processing.
Developed resolutions and a prioritization regarding workflow in order to successfully eliminate backlogs incurred from an acquisition.
Reviewed and streamlined Desktop procedures to provide better efficiency/productivity. Accomplishments
Established a Policyowner Service Department from the ground up comprised of a team of Business System Analysts and Quality Assurance Analysts responsible for Multi-Platform System Analysis, Testing, and Data Integrity across departmental lines that ensures product quality, data integrity, and processing efficiency across all systems.
Participated in the evaluation/selection of a new Corporate Life Administrative/Claims Processing System, resulting in the selection of LifePro as the corporate based administrative system.
Initiated and wrote specifications for two sub-systems which enhanced Non-Forfeiture Processing, Government Allotment Billing, and Collections.
Created various forms of Assumption Packets consisting of a Welcome Letter, Assumption Certificate, and Q & A Pamphlet dependent on the line of business assumed and the parameter(s) of the Assumption Reinsurance Agreement.
Reviewed and streamlined Desktop procedures to provide better efficiency/productivity. Aurora National Life Assurance Co. (formerly Executive Life Ins.), Los Angeles, CA Policyowner Service, Supervisor II May 1990 – October 1994 Led a team of specialized Business Systems Analysts focused on manual/systematic non-forfeiture processing and year-end generation/mailing of company-wide 1099s via Life 70 policy administration system.
Performed the role of hiring manager, while leading all aspects of staff development.
Created/designed a comprehensive set of Desk Top Procedures specifically on non-forfeiture processing.
Established Quality Control Procedures related to non-forfeiture Processing.
Conducted training sessions for Sr. Analysts on non-forfeiture Processing.
Coordinated/initiated the development of a comprehensive Test Matrix/Regression Test Plan for the resolution of system problems associated to conversions and upgrades.
ac8bnv@r.postjobfree.com
501-***-****
https://www.linkedin.com/in/alex-gatmaitan-93175868/ Page 6
Accomplishments
Eliminated a previous backlog of Premium Default cases, related to an acquisition, of approximately 15,000 policies within four months of the team being created.
Developed Reconciliation Logic which checks/validates a prior night’s cycles with regards to values and correspondence generated due to Non-Forfeiture Processing.
Developed Specifications/Conversion Criteria to systematically clean-up inconsistencies due to Missing Data, Data Format, or Administrative Requirements.
Wrote/Reviewed System Edits and Routines to be performed by Life 70 to ensure data integrity between the Legacy System and Life 70.
Created and conducted high level classes company-wide regarding Life 70 System Edits.
Redefined selection criteria used in extracting taxable events for year-end 1099 processing.
Created/Developed procedures relating to specialized/mass mailings due to an acquisition or companywide mailing.
Led a team of Business Analysts in the conversion of a specific product type as part of a company-wide Conversion Project to Life 70 policy administration system.
Texas State Board of Insurance, Austin TX
Liquidation Division, Insurance Specialist II December 1989 – May 1990 Conducted field inspections on companies recently placed into receivership.
Performed audits, which determined existing backlogs, current business practices, and future staffing requirements.
Compiled information for Court Proceedings/Hearings.
Prepared, Reviewed, and Authorized Check Requisitions. Hill Country Life Insurance Company, Austin TX
Life and Health Policyowner Service, Supervisor May 1983 – December 1989 Directed a team of analysts responsible for the issuance of new business, periodic premium rate increases, and new hire training for both life/health products administered on Life 70 policy administration system.
Reviewed &processed both quotes/policy updates on Life 70 related to cash surrenders, cash loans, non-forfeiture processing, ownership changes, etc..
Submitted both life and health New Business transactions.
Responsible for coordinating the mailing of periodic rate increases in premiums.
Processed and validated file maintenance transactions on existing life and health policies.
Processed health care claims related to Medicare Supplements and Convalescent Plans.
Trained Junior Health Claims Examiners.
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science degree in General Business with a concentration in Management and Insurance - Ball State University, Muncie, IN
Contact this candidate