CURRICULUM VITAE

Mr.M.ANANDHARAJ

E-Mail: ac8xft@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile : 975*******,638*******.

Career Objective :
NPD leader with a proven track record of strategic QA vision, Policy, quick delivery, and demonstrated ability to inspire/mentor quality assurance teams to implement latest NPD programs for maintaining industrial NPD standards.
Ensures that the organization’s standards meet legal compliance and clients’ expectations.
Having 7.2 Years of experience in the Automotive Industry as Quality Assurance Deputy Manager,MR, NPD In charge.

Professional Synopsis :
Currently associate in ’’M/s.SI Interpack (Unit-XIII)’’ [Automotive Seat Covers Industry] as a QA Deputy Manager & NPD.
Proficient in handling SQA,IPQA, CQA, laboratory testing & Calibration, NPD, Internal Auditor and MR.
ISO/TS 16949, ISO 9001, ISO/IEC 17025 & OHSAS 18001 Requirements & Documentation.
Diploma in Mechanical Engineering.
Strengths :
Very flexible and adaptable to be change.
Responsible, operate with integrity, Loyalty and team work.
Learning attitude and logical approach.
Key Skills :
ISO/TS 16949,ISO 9001,ISO/IEC 17025 Laboratory Requirements.
7 QC Core tools.
Standardizations (5W1H & 3W1H).
Kaizen
6S
Field failures simulation.
Process knowledge in Sewing, Fabrication, Powder Coating, Rexine, Printing, Packaging & Seat Assay.
Technical Skills :
Auto CAD 2D (Computer Aided Designing).

High Lights :
I have been Participated/Successfully Training Completed of ’’ISO/TS 16949 INTERNAL OR QMS AUDITOR TRAINING
at VINCOTTE INTERNATIONAL INDIA ASSESSMENT SERVICES PVT LTD in Chennai.
Training Under Gone by “Mr.J.Ravishankar” (Certification Manager).
Effectively Passed/Eligible of ’’QMS / ISO INTERNAL AUDITOR & MANAGEMENT REPRESENTATIVE’’ also.

Professional Experience :

Total Working Experience 7.2 years of Quality Assurance,NPD Deputy Manager, Quality Management Representative and ISO internal Auditor at Automobile Industry.

Career Achievements :
0 External Customer PPM has been achieved upto 3months.
0 External Customer Complaint retained upto 6months.
COPQ has been retained < 0.01% against 0.10%
SQR rating has been achieved 100%.
I have learned QA, NPD, MR, ISO AUDITOR.
Outstanding Participate NPD in Toyota, BMW projects.
“M/s. Harita Seating Systems Limited”
Department : Quality Assurance Engineer
Designation : Worked as Diploma Engg Training.
Sessions : Sep 2012 – Feb 2015
Manufacturing : LCV,HCV,MCV Seat manufacturer.
Major Customers : Volvo, Scania, TATA, JD,TAFE etc…

Job Responsibilities:

1.Laboratory Testing & Calibration
Mechanical & Chemical test (Such as Rexine (Vinyl coated Fabric), Textile Fabric, PU,U Foam, HR,CR steel, Tube)
RLS Clearance.
Having good knowledge Standards in NABL,ISO,IS,ASTM,JD,DAIMLER,TOYOTA
SST, Hysteresis, Hardness test.
SAP.
Powder coating, Welding Mechanical / Chemical test Such as Welding Tensile/Breaking Strength, Welding Penetration.
QUV test.
Colour Spectrometer, Profile Projector & Surface Roughness tester.
Reliability & Endurance test (Such as Robot Ingress & Egress, Water Resistance, Reclining, Swivel testing)
Third party testing & Documentation.
Internal, External Calibration Activities.
Calibration about Micro meter, Vernier Caliper, Vernier Height Gauge, Pressure Gauge, Slip Gauge, Feeler Gauge, Torque Wrench, Thread plug Gauge.
2. Documentation
TS 16949 & OHSAS 18001.
ISO/IEC 17025 Requirements.
TS Audit document preparation.
Layout & Requalification documentation.
Laboratory test report like Testing and Calibration.
“M/s. SI Interpack (Unit-XIII)”
Department : Quality Assurance, MR, QMS Auditor
Worked area : Operations.
Designation : Worked as Quality Assurance In charge
Sessions : Feb 2015 – July 2016
Manufacturing : Seat Upholstery (Seat Covers) manufacturer
Major Customers : TVS, BMW, Toyota, MCV Bus, Daimler, REL, etc…
“M/s. Evident Laser Auto Pvt Ltd”
Department : Quality Assurance, MR, QMS Auditor
Worked area : Operations.
Designation : Worked as Quality Assurance Head
Sessions : July 2016 - May 2017
Manufacturing : Fabrication (Laser cutting, Bending, Welding,)
Major Customers : BEML.
“M/s. Yuno Packaging Pvt Ltd’’
Department : Quality Assurance, MR, QMS Auditor
Worked area : Operations
Designation : Worked as Quality Assurance Head
Sessions : May 2017 – Apr 18
Manufacturing :Printing & Packaging (Corrugated Boxes)
Major Customers : Nimble Pacc, Shahi Exports.

Job Responsibilities:

Supplier Quality Management :

Implement the Improvement plan & Quality standard for improving the Quality Performance of Vendor.
Supplier Quality System Audit & Quality Process Audit.
New Vendor Development & Selection.
Monthly Supplier Quality Rating (SQR).
Conduct training of Supplier Quality Representative & QA Team members.
CTP,CTP & CTQ management of Supplier Process.
Process capability (Cp & Cpk).
Resolve supplier part quality issues.
Production Part Approval Process (PPAP).
Establishment of Supplier Quality Manual.
CAPA / 8D Report.
Prepare Supplier Audit Plan, Check list & Report against Manual.

In house,People & Customer Quality Management :

Laboratory (Testing & Calibration).
Internal & External Calibration for Instruments, Gauges, Fixtures & Equipment’s.
In process.
Customer Quality.
PPAP.
APQP.
8D Report through 7QC tools, JDI.
PDCA.
FVPA Audit.
Company Organization, Roadmap, Floor Layout Preparation.
Continuous Audit for Fixed Point areas and give Score itself.
Conducting Product, Process, Internal, 6S,Layout, Dock,Customer, and Vendor Audit & Documentation also.
Identify customer specific requirements and drive actions to meet them.
Achieve Zero Customer Complaint and PPM.
Bench marking of new products and existing parts.
Reduce / Achieve COPQ within our Target.
Reduce Bought out Rejection.
NCR Report Closure & Action plan.
Kaizen and Kanban system.
QCC,CFT.
Prepare the Costing / Quote.
Validation RM through Third Party report.
FIFO System.
MSA, SQC, Capacity Study, Cycle time, Takt time.
Make and Establish Quality Manual, Engg Specification, WI, SOP, QSP, and FORMAT…
Prepare & Audit LVPT, HVPT, MVPT,SOP to improve QMS system.
Fool-proofing / POKAYOKE in In-house and suppliers end.
Reduction in Customer PPM and Internal PPM (Incoming, In-house) by using QC Core Tools.
ECN & PCN.
Warranty analysis & monitor action effectiveness.
Planning and Review related activities.
Reviewing completed production batch record and laboratory records day wise.
Product Quality reviews.
Calibration records review.
Checking the records for the proper maintenance of environment, safety and health of the working personnel.
Making sure that the materials are appropriately tested and the results are reported.
Supervise and guide inspectors, technicians and other staff.
Maintain of job, service, skills, training records.
Responsible for Implementing, maintaining QMS against ISO 9001, ISO/TS 16949.
Develop & Fix SMART target for Key Result Areas with KPI and update status against measures with time frame & decide action plan as result of the metrics. Develops and maintains the annual Quality Plan and measures progress toward meeting goals accordingly.
MRM.
Practically Implementation of Process mapping for manufacturing process, Works on Affinity diagram & QFD to understand the customer needs .Identify & Eliminate NVA operations in Process through Value Stream Mapping & Analysis.
CFT (Cross Functional Team / Customer Functional Team).
Foster the spirit of making Kaizens and getting the benefits on a daily basis to encourage personnel to contribute suggestions/ ideas and institute a reward scheme for the best suggestions.
Record and maintains the list of customer complaints.

Internal Auditor :

Prepare Internal Audit Plan/Schedule, Audit and Report itself.
Attending meetings with auditees to develop an understanding of business processes.
Researching and assessing how well risk management processes are working and recording the results using software such as Microsoft Word and Excel.
Performing risk assessments on key business activities and using this information to guide what to cover in audits.
Providing support and guidance to management on how to handle new opportunities.
Agreeing recommendations with relevant staff members to make improvements to operations and helping to secure backing for them in meetings.
Preparing reports to highlight issues and problems and distributing the reports to the relevant people.
Assessing how well the business is complying to rules and regulations and informing management whether any issues need addressing.

Management Representative :

KPI.
Ensure that company third party accreditations are obtained and maintained (ISO 9001, ISO/TS 16949, and ISO 18001).
Ensure and maintain all company policies, procedures, and work instructions are documented in a clear, simple and concise manner.
Assist in the preparation of tenders by providing management system related documents.
Train all company personnel in the documented company policies.
Identify relevant legislative requirements.
Control and maintain the company audit and risk assessment schedule.
Conduct safety, quality and environmental system compliance audits.
Prepare and submit monthly management reports relating to company systems, compliance and incidents.
Maintain the company library of compliance resources including standards.
“M/s.SI Interpack (Unit-XIII)’’
Department : NPD,QA, MR, INTERNAL AUDITOR
Worked area : Operations
Designation : Working as Deputy Manager
Sessions : Apr 2018 to Till Date.
Currently Working

Job Responsibilities :

Planning :

Determine all necessary design and development phases.
Determine the appropriate design review, verification and validation technique.
Determine who has responsibility for design and development.
Determine the necessary authorities for design and development.
Maintain records.

Input :

Determine functional and performance related characteristics.
Determine relevant statutory and regulatory requirement.
Determine relevant information from previous designs.
Determine other requirements that are essential to the product.
Maintain records.

Output :

Determine whether the outputs meet the input requirements for design and development.
Determine whether the outputs provide suitable information for purchasing.
Ensure the outputs provide reference to product acceptance criteria.
Determine whether the outputs accurately specify essential characteristics.
Maintain records.

Review :

Determine whether the results conform to the specified requirements.
Identify any gaps in the design.
Propose and implement solutions to close gaps in the design.
Maintain records.

Verification :

Determine whether the outputs meet the input requirements for the design.
Maintain records.
Validation :

Ensure the product meets the specified requirements.
Undertake prototype testing.
Maintain records.
Brainstorming meetings.
Monitor efficient working of all projects and ensure compliance to project plan.
Coordinate with team to resolve all issues and supervise meetings for same.
Administer all projects and ensure completion within required timeframe.
Monitor all aspects of products such as pricing and legal requirements.
Maintain knowledge on all regulation issues and competitor business.
Manage all products in product line and maintain knowledge of pricing for individual product.
Allocate appropriate resources for project and prioritize projects.
Coordinate with product management team and perform product testing on various process.
Identify all issues and resolve it effectively to achieve all objectives.
Coordinate with stakeholders and product management teams and prepare required documents.
Manage projects for product life cycle development.
PPAP, APQP,KPI..
Vendor Development against QMS 9001.

Scholastics :

BOARD
INSTITUTION
YEAR OE COMPLETION
% SCORED
STATE BORD
10th - Govt High School, Chettiyur (Kolathur).
2009
83
DOTE
DME - Govt Polytechnic College, Krishnagiri.
2012
92

Personal Details :

Parents Name : P.Madhu / M.Selvi
Date of birth : 06.05.1994
Present Address : Lakshmi Devi Nagar, Mariyamman Temple opp, Agarwal Eye Hospital Behind, Hosur (Tk), Krishnagiri (Dt), Tamilnadu.India .Pin Code-635 109.
Gender and marital status : Male & Married
Linguistic Abilities : English, Tamil, Kannada and Hindi

Nationality : Indian

Religion : Hindu

Declaration:

I hereby declare that the above Information are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Yours Authentically

Date :

Place :
(Mr.M.Anandharaj)
Contact this candidate