Andrew Anthonysamy
***** **** **
Culver, IN ****1
260-***-**** Cell
ad00xm@r.postjobfree.com

Summary: Highly motivated individual with experience in the food industry. Highly adaptable, fast learner and up for any challenge. I work well with others and give 100% in whatever task I’m doing.

Work History: Family Express Bakery. 209 S. State Rd 49. Valparasio IN. 46511
Quality Assurance System Manager: January 2015 – Present.
I handle all Bakery Quality Assurance issue that is direct with Family Express Bakery. IN
Responsibility:
Generate regulatory information on package labeling using Genesis SQL Software database with ingredient specifications and formula composition.
Prepare and review nutrition fact panel, ingredient statement, allergen identification, product, nutrient content, ingredient and health claim in accordance with the labeling laws and regulations.
Maintain and Manage Pest Control program using an outside Pests Control Company.
HACCP Manager
GMP Coordinator
Maintain Vendor Supplier Program
Manage Sanitation Dept with daily and extra clean task.
SQF practitioner and PCQI for the plant.
R&D and shelf-life Study for all new items
Internal Auditor
Coordinate Basic Micro Testing (E.Coli, APC & Y/M) Using An Outside Lab
OSHA and FDA Audits,
Training for production employee in regards to Quality Product
Maintain plant SPC machine and training

Work History: Frozen Specialties INC. Archbold Ohio.
Quality and Sanitation Supervisor: August 2013 – January 2015
Supervise all sanitation team member and three QA Technicians.
Oversee production and process functions by following established production schedules to maximize the utilization of sanitation team members.
Maintain periodic checks to insure proper usage of raw material with regards to food safety and product quality.
Perform weekly swab test to insure proper cleaning are done before shift and report the result to the top management team with corrective action.
Conduct food safety training for QA technician and sanitation team members as needed.
Work with USDA to ensure the facility was following USDA guidelines and the facility master HACCP plan.
Conduct daily facility Pre- Operational sanitation report for USDA inspector.
Report daily SSOP deficiency with corrective action to QA manager and Plant Manager.
Review and sign pre-shipment documents ensuring that all specification and CCP are met.
Update SPC data for new product to ensure all specifications are met.
HACCP verification and validation

Work History: New Horizons Baking Co. 700 W. Waters St. Fremont IN. 46737
Quality Assurance System Manager: August 2005 - August 2013
I handle all Quality Assurance issue that is direct with NHBCO Fremont. IN
Responsibility:
Generate regulatory information on package labeling using Genesis SQL Software database with ingredient specifications and formula composition.
Prepare and review nutrition fact panel, ingredient statement, allergen identification, product, nutrient content, ingredient and health claim in accordance with the labeling laws and regulations.
HACCP Manager
GMP Coordinator
Maintain Vendor Supplier Program
Safety Training
Food Defense Coordinator
Internal Auditor
Basic Micro Testing (E.Coli, APC & Y/M)
Environmental Testing include air sampling
Supplier Audit
OSHA, FDA, AIB, SQF and Customer Audits
Maintain Daily SQF records
Training for production employee in regards to Quality Product
Maintain production testing equipments – Dipix, SPC and pH meters
Maintain plant SPC machine and training management employee
Report daily KPI to Executive Vice President and Management team
Data collection from SPC and Dipix.
Maintain and make necessary changes to SSOP and SOP
Lead and support production teams to improve quality, production and reduce cost
Lead the HACCP team
Assist Research and Development in Formulation of Product
Root Cause analysis
Implement corrective action
Support & Assist Sanitation Team
Work History: TI Automotive Ashley IN. 46705
CNC Machine Programmer: September 1999-July 2005
Responsibility:
Assist Plant Engineers to develop new product
Fanuc Control programmer
Assist Engineer on preparing PPAP
Education
College: AD in Electronics & Telecommunications
Tri-State University in Electrical Engineering (Not Completed)
SQF Practitioner certified from NSF
Internal Auditor certified from NSF
Implementing SQF System certified from NSF
HACCP Coordinator Certified from AIB
Advanced Techniques in Labeling FDA Regulated Foods certified from AIB
Food Defense Coordinator certified from AIB
Science of Baking certified from AIB
Science of Baking Ingredient Technology certified from AIB
Science of Baking Bread and Rolls certified from AIB
Infinity QS SPC fundamental certified from Infinity QS International
Advance HACCP: Verification & Validation certified from NSF
Contact this candidate