Allan K. Ortiz
Valrico, Fl ***** 909-***-****
ad00h8@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedIn.com/in/allan-ortiz1/
TS/SCI w/ CI Polygraph

CHIEF CYBER SECURITY ANALYST
Proven Information Systems Chief, Intelligence & Operations Manager, 24+ year Army Veteran with an active Top Secret SCI Security Clearance leveraging over 10 years of experience, managing security programs, staff development, and conducting electronic defense strategies. Demonstrated ability to provide leadership and information to make proficient, timely decisions. Possess a comprehensive background in electronic information, intelligence, and security. Leadership ability derived from conducting domestic and international operations. Skilled in managing risk, safety, quality assurance and mitigation tactics, anticipating program challenges, and making strategic plans to improve program policy, and processes. Handled, processed, and disseminated sensitive, classified material. Well-developed technical and professional expertise through project and team management. Hands-on experience working with teams to identify and implement technology solutions that improve information assurance, cybersecurity, intelligence, and operations, reduce costs, and drive efficiencies.
PROFICIENCIES / SKILLS

●Analytical Problem Solving
●Operations Planning (Intel/Cyber)
●Targeting (CT/SOF/CYBER)
●Product risk assessment

●Concept development
●Critical Thinking Skills
●SOF Support
●Process establishment

●Liaison Responsibilities
●Independent Thinker
●Social Media Analysis
●Intelligence Support to Cybersecurity
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

United States Army Various Locations 08/1999– 12/2023
Chief of Cybersecurity 01/2020 – Present
USSOCOM Operations Joint Military Information Support Operations (MISO) WebOps Center (JMWC), Science & Technology Branch, MacDill AFB Tampa FL

Directed operations for cybersecurity and facility security maintenance of large-scale computer and operating systems. Planned coordinated and synchronized web operations information assurance for various international and interagency locations.
●Increased organizational capability through establishing authorization approval to operate 3seperate tailored systems for enabling remote technical operations, created remote work operating requirements to allow 24/7 operations while ensuring security with zero information compromised
●Organized, facilitated, and executed the first technical vulnerability assessment of the DoDs only web operations center resulting in the identification and mitigation of 10 key findings.
●Led a vulnerability mitigation response team to address security concerns and the future protection of over 900 accounts.
●Drove full operational capability requirements by establishing remote work cybersecurity operating requirements to enable heightened security for 24/7 operations.

Cyber Operations Planner 12/2017 – 01/2020
USSOCOM J3-Cyber Joint Cyber Center, MacDill AFB Tampa FL

Established and supervised processes and procedures to reinforce field defense cyber operations for various international locations. Provided timely and relevant support for intelligence planning, federal requirements, standard processes, and administered guidance to military and civilian staff.
●Employed tactical and strategic intelligence capabilities to plan, develop, and execute defensive and offensive cyberspace operations through forensic cyber investigation and support.
●Regularly synthesized intelligence reporting and communicated key insights to senior management and external partners on a daily or as required basis to mitigate threats and reduce risk to operating forces
●Ensured user compliance with military and international laws and guidelines, informed personnel of technological resources and how to implement system tools effectively for mission success
●Researched transactional anomalies and analyzed gathered information to detect patterns of unusual internal or external conduct

Cyber Analysis Team Lead 2014 – 2017
U.S. Army Cyber Command Analysis & Control Element, Fort Belvoir VA

Guides intelligence administration and provides technical input for subordinate units and other staff elements, represents the Army Senior Military Intelligence advisor the Division, Corps, and higher Commander of overall Military Intelligence functions and analysis
●Developed multiple real-world intelligence products incorporated by multiple departments and provided publications on intelligence findings for effective and swift contingency planning
●Managed multidiscipline analysis production and dissemination and served as technical expert to establish multi-echelon intelligence analytical capabilities
●Created standard operating procedures for intelligence support, identified key requirements for space, special technical ops, electronic warfare, and information cyber operations
●Maintained intelligence files and databases to provide intelligence support for various international defense facilities, created specific fused cyber centric products to ensure information sharing capabilities

Lead Intelligence Technician 2012 – 2014
2nd Infantry Division, 2nd Combat Aviation Brigade, Republic of South Korea

Facilitates strategy and operation support to address public defense actions. Collects and analyzes intelligence during defense missions and distributes critical information for further cybersecurity planning. Employs tactical and strategic capabilities to plan, develop, and execute defensive cyberspace operations through forensic cyber investigation.
●Trains military and civilian personnel regarding targeting branch procedures for SharePoint integration and migration processes, coordinated intelligence training and preparation to ensure all staff job readiness
●provides support to senior analyst for intelligence development and coordinated distribution of intelligence information with national agencies and other external partners
●Established and maintained system automation for targeting systems throughout military cybersecurity networks, ensured mission readiness at 100% capacity with zero interruptions or discrepancies
●Communicates with leadership and associates to gather additional information, reported results of analysis and submitted action recommendations to appropriate leadership
●Acts as liaison with 6+ external federal organizations to coordinate resources and response efforts during security and life-saving operations.

Senior Target Intelligence Sergeant 2011 – 2012
U.S. Cyber Command J3 Fires, Fort Meade MD

Coordinates activities to address the integration of Cyber concerns into the Joint Integrated Prioritized Target List. Facilitates targeting efforts between Fires, Combat Targets, Future Operations, Plans, and various Combatant Commands in support of cyber operations. Directly manages the training and readiness of 43 Joint service members.
●Trained military and civilian personnel regarding the Joint Automated Deep Operations Coordination System (JADOCS), coordinated intelligence training and preparation to ensure integration with targeting efforts
●Resident expert on Information Operations Joint Munitions Effectiveness Manual (JMEM)
●Established and maintained system automation for targeting systems throughout military cybersecurity executive networks
●Communicates with leadership and associates as the J3 Platoon Sergeant, Responsible for the health and welfare of a team of 43 joint service members

Operations Integration Non-Commissioned Officer 2010 – 2011
U.S. Cyber Command J3, Fort Meade MD

Managed an Office 10 in support of the Director of Operations for U.S. CYBER COMMAND. Handled a mass volume of high priority phone and email correspondence. Coordinated with senior-most heads of organizations to facilitate visits, conferences, and agendas, Coordinates with outside agency security offices to satisfy requirements for functions and visits, Responsible for over $400,000 in equipment and automation.
●Managed senior level video teleconferencing for various governmental organizations at different security levels to include special technical levels
●Reconstructed division level operating standard operating procedures raising productivity and timeliness by 25%
●Managed and enforced document accountability for the operations directorate and six subordinate directorates ensuring prompt and reliable accountability
●Responsible for ensuring all disseminated documentation and correspondence met current information assurance policies

Network Effects Cell Non-Commissioned Officer 2009 – 2010
Intermediate Joint Command CJ2, Kabul Afghanistan
Responsible for coordinating targets currency and fidelity of the Integrated command and Control-Joint Targeting System (ICC-JTS). Responsible for coordinating vetting, validation, and approval of target intelligence packets. In charge of training two NATO personnel on production and coordination of all target restrictions and updates. Prepared written narrative and numeric reports, analyses, policies, procedures, and recommendations used by senior management for decision making.
●Incorporated knowledge of JADOCS into pilot program resulting in an innovative common operating picture tool.
●Standardized Network Effects Cell procedure resulting in 95 targets generated weekly: 150% above average.

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Intelligence Studies with a concentration on Cyber American Military University – ECAMPUS, in progress—81 credit hours completed (Enrolled)
Associate of Science (A.S)., Applied Sciences and Intelligence Operations Cochise College (2018)
350F All-Source Intelligence Technician Warrant Officer Intermediate Level Education – United States Army Warrant Officer Career College (2021)
350F All-Source Intelligence Technician Warrant Officer Advanced Course – United States Army Warrant Officer Career College & Intelligence Center of Excellence (2018)
350F All-Source Intelligence Technician Warrant Officer Basic Course – United States Army Warrant Officer Career College & Intelligence Center of Excellence (2014)
Warrant Officer Candidate School – United States Army Warrant Officer Career College (2012)

CERTIFICATIONS
Intelligence Cyber Threat Analysis Joint Network Attack Joint Cyberspace Operational Planning Networks and Computer Hardware Joint Intermediate Target Development Joint Targeting Staff Intelligence in Combating Terrorism Joint Firepower Action Officer Development
Contact this candidate