Mohamed Magdy Al Mulla
Egypt
Dakhlyia - Mansoura
Ahmed maher Street
Tel: +965-********
+2-010********
Email: ad02gx@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVE

EDUCATION

WORK EXPERIENCE:

TOOLS:

Personal Information

Certified Courses

Awards

Language Skills

References

I’m seeking to become associated with a big institute, for new challenges where I can maximize my 10+ years of management, quality assurance, enhance process development and my skill’s experience.

Bachelor’s Degree, Graduation Year 2010
Zagazig University, Faculty of Engineering, Telecommunication Department

Current Position :
Project Manager_ Zain Project _Kuwait
( September 2015 – Present )
Daily Meeting with Customer‘s management to Ensure Project’s SLA KPIs.
Responsibility for 75 Engineers with different Scopes ( RAN Wireless / Core / TRM and Solution Engineers )
Introducing New Strategies and Trail Parameters to enhance Network Performance, benchmark and smooth implementation.
Management for project Resources and stability of the Whole Network with enhancement for KPIs.
Schedule Training and new implementations for network on daily basis.
Working closely to new technology 5G Testing and implementation
Responsible for all RAN Technologies and performance
Responsible for any network Complaint type, analysis troubleshooting and solve them smoothly.
Travelling Regularly over Gulf Region
Quality Assurance
• Implementing measures to maintain and meet standards and RF KPI thresholds as per contract SLA
• Organizing the Regular Cluster Benchmarking with competitor operators and reviewing the operational practices, identify the areas of obstruction/ quality failures and advise on RF solutions to improve the Network Quality.
Network Management:
• Supervising Traffic management, Network planning and Optimization activities
Develop new Techniques to enhance RAN Performance .

2nd Position : LTE Radio Network Optimization Engineer :
( August 2012 – September 2015 ) _Kuwait
Zain Kuwait Project _ LCC Subcontractor

LTE counters study and triggering points of failures
Preparing SAR for new sites and ensure acceptance of KPIs
KPI analysis, troubleshooting, optimization
Working on Features, Parameters and Strategies
Capacity study to ensure load balance among the whole cluster
Power study to solve most affected areas with RACH issues.
Investigate and immediate actions for customer complaints.
Pre and post launch optimization activities.
Evaluates capacity requirements of radio network and working with other departments (Solution and Planning teams ) to meet growth needs.
Implementation of new features and network parameter optimization benchmarking.
Daily routine monitoring and review of radio network Key Performance Indicators (KPI).
Perform Initial Tuning,
Perform Enode Audit.
PCI and Neighbor planning.

Performing site configuration checks, Power settings, Antenna configurations, implemented PCI’s, PCI ( collision and conflict resolution ), azimuth, Hand over parameters.
Checking and rectify PCI swap, coverage and handover related issue, RRU faults
Analysis of KPI’s Accessibility (RACH issues,multiple RRC connection request, ERAB issues, …etc.), Retainability ( PS drops), Integrity, Mobility,
Interface with all levels of management and collaborate with other groups to ensure network quality.
Processing and analysis of LTE Drivetest log files
Professional understanding higher layer protocols, such as MAC, RLC, PDCP, RRC, S1/X2 interfaces …etc .
Train and provide knowledge sharing to existing teams
Volte Analysis and improving user experience.
P3 Responsibility for enhancing user Experience.

Technical Support:
• Assisting in the execution of Technical Meetings with customer as part of requirement gathering, troubleshooting all kinds of problems associated with Network Quality.
• Extending high-end technical support at sites and ensuring high customer satisfaction levels through promptly addressing client’s problems.
• Conducting Training for New Engineers & Maintenance teams on LTE Basic fundamental parameters.

3rd Position : 2G Radio Network Optimization and Planning Engineer :
( August 2010 – August 2012 )_Egypt
Etisalat Project _ ACTEL Subcontractor
Activities.
Network Planning:
1)Advise on nominal planning according to project requirement,
2)Advise on high level Model tuning and traffic analysis,
3)Advise on coverage presentation for customer if require,
4)Demonstrated technical ability with complete understanding of RF system design, RF coverage planning, site identification, frequency planning, and interference analysis.
5)Link budgets, system dimensioning for coverage and capacity including traffic analysis, site RF equipment including antenna and ancillary parts,
Network Optimization:
1) Perform network optimization data analysis,
2) Provide technical creativity in solving problems,
3) Recommend parameters change and perform advance analysis,
4) Define drive routes and prepare MapInfo maps,
5) Prepare daily performance report and identify worst performing cells,
6) Monitor the KPI based on cell site and area wide, and improve the KPI,
7) Maintenance the KPI, ensure that it archives the target,
8) Review the daily system alarms and assist BSS/MW team to solve the problems
9)Network parameters consistent check on weekly and, monthly basis according to project requirement,
10) Carry out new feature trial testing and advise on parameters usage.
11) Carry out high level network performance.
• Managing survey Activities for 3G Planning Propagation Model
• Managing overall RF Activities.
• Frequency Planning & Retuning
• Pre and Post KPI Analysis
• Traffic balancing between GSM, DCS, & 3G for multiple Carriers
• Generating Acceptance Report for Pre and Post KPIs
U2020
PRS
FMA
Astellia / NOVA Care
SIMS
Nastar
OMStar
MapInfo
Probe
Assistant
Google Earth
TEMS Investigation
TEMS Discovery
ACTIX

Birth Date: 14th August 1988
Nationality: Egyptian
Marital status: Married
Military Status: Finished
Driving License Available Local and International.
GSM Optimization
GSM Planning
CCNP
CDMA & UMTS Advanced Course
GSM & GPRS Advanced Course
Oracle/SQL
Micro Controller Advanced Course
NPO LTE/5G Advanced Course

Huawei Monthly Star Feb-2018
Huawei MS Best Project 2018
Training and appreciation letter from College of Engineering “ Kuwait University “

Native English and Arabic

Available with notice period One month.
Contact this candidate