Bruce O. Hampton
New Orleans, LA *****
504-***-****
504-***-****
ad04hb@r.postjobfree.com
Objective To obtain a position with an organization, that will utilize my diverse skills and offer me the opportunity to promote within the company Education Delgado Community College, New Orleans, LA John Ehret High School
Professional
Experience Jefferson Parish School (G T WOODS)
2012-Present
Plant Manager
Insure that the facility is maintained in a condition of operating excellence, cleanliness, and safety and responsible for the overall maintenance and cleanliness of the school facility. Perform and oversee repair and maintenance of all equipment, buildings and grounds of the district. Make weekly inspections of all buildings and grounds.
Jefferson Parish School (John Q Adams)
2011-2012
Asst. Custodian Manager
Supervise other employees in cleaning and sanitation duties in designated working areas. Oversee the implementation and execution of all established safety requirements. Ensure that the grounds, buildings and other surrounding areas meet quality assurance standards. Signature Group
2010
Oil Spill Response Supervisor
Supervise 48 employees working in confined space. Evaluated each entry into confined space before employee enter space to determine hazards involved. Appropriate safety measure to allow safe entry, and controls that must be taken reload them on the boat, and removing oil from the inland.
(FEMA) CMartin
2008-2009
Field Superintendent
Program Manager
Supervised the Sub-Contractors with deactivation at multiple sites in Louisiana. Inspect sites for safety issues. Maintain a daily report on all Sub-Contractor.
1
Maintain the ground maintenance at multiple FEMA Group Sites, managed 10 employees. Inspect the sites for plumbing and electrical problems. Maintain daily
reports for each site.
(FEMA) CMartin
2007-2008
Maintenance & Deactivation Manager
Supervised 40 employees, dispatching employees to multiple zone areas of Louisiana, assuring that work orders is completed in a timely mannerly, Prepared work schedules for employees, performed Prevention Maintenance,
Inspected FEMA housing.
(FEMA) CMartin Maintenance Co.
2006-2007
Site Manager
Supervised 14 employees, dispatching employees to multiple zone areas of New Orleans, assuring that work orders are closed out in a timely manner, prepared work schedules for employees, performed LPG Testing, performed Prevention Maintenance Inspections, replaced all damaged glass windows, responsible for ordering Travel Trailer parts, performed electrical pole replacement as needed, problem solving different levels of maintenance, hands on duties involving the repair of ADA, Travel Trailer Maintenance, interaction with QC Management, Program Management, Dispatchers, Customers, and FEMA Representatives. FLOWERS BAKERY COMPANY
2005-2006
ENGINEER /MAINTENANCE
Maintain the production line and all equipment associated with plant. Performed prevention maintenance on the equipment used to maintain the production line. Fire & Safety Commodities, Metairie, LA
1986-2005
Manager
Supervised 37-40 employees, serviced customer accounts in 6 states, scheduled jobs, performed inventory for all sites with fire extinguishers, inspected buildings and business for semi and annual fire protection, proposed plans for new equipment for local business and large commercial sites, installed emergency light service, installed first aid kits, and supervised the cleaning department. Tested, inspected and refill breathing air bottles, life raft cylinder bottles.
Hampton’s Landscaping Co.
1991-2002
Owner/Manager
Provided lawn care maintenance, which included cutting grass, trimming, 2
weeding, edging to 40 clients - all private sites located throughout the New Orleans Metropolitan areas. Licensed and Insured.
References:
Ms. Tammy Collor
Ms. Brenda Adams
Taco Bell
1982-1990
Manager
Operation of 2 stores daily, Managed the sales, stocking, inventory ordering, and closing procedures, supervised 52 employee. Maintain employee schedule and payroll.
Accomplishments:
40-HOUR HAZWOPER, TWIC CARD, PEC CARD, MANLIFT CERTIFIED, FIRE PROTECTION LICENSE
3
Contact this candidate