Roger Hayslip
Project Manager, PMP Analyst Program Manager Product Owner
www.linkedin.com/in/roger-hayslip-pmp-2007594
Project Manager with 30 years of experience communicating with people and implementing technology. Proven skills leading, mentoring and working with teams, clients and vendors to implement new technology and optimize existing technologies to improve business processes. Using conflict resolution skills to solve issues and resolve blockers to get technology and business running at peak performance. Skill & Expertise
● PMP Certification
● Project Management
● Systems & Business Analyst
● Scrum/Agile/Waterfall
● Business Development
● System Development
● Time Management
● Project Reporting
● Communication
● Remote/Hybrid/Colocated
● Organizational Skills
● Quality Assurance
● Conflict Resolution ● Mentoring/Training ● Program Planning Professional Experience
TEKsystems/DXC Technologies/GainWell Technologies Dublin, OH Domain Lead (Hybrid Project/Program Manager) (June 2020 – October 2023) Led all software development projects and operational support of the Managed Care Division of the Ohio Department of Medicaid.
Led the transition of the web portal for Gainwell’s Ohio Medicaid Single Pharmacy Benefits Management
(start up company) from implementation team to business operations team Assisted with Finance, Claims, Eligibility & Provider projects and operational support. Managed daily meetings with project teams to work on current status, planning, requirements, documentation, testing and implementation of change request enhancements and defect fixes. Project teams consisted of project managers, business analysts, technical resources, architects and testing resources.
Met weekly with the internal PMO to discuss current and future books of works and to prepare weekly status reports for the Ohio Department of Medicaid leadership team Met weekly with the Ohio Department of Medicaid leadership team to provide current project status updates and discuss issues, risks and future needs.
● Developed and managed client relationships to support software development projects and operational support.
● Managed projects and operational support for the Ohio Department of Medicaid, Managed Care Program, the Center for Medicare/Medicaid Services, Call Centers (internal & vendors), Printing Vendors, OCR Vendors, local and enterprise development teams.
● Managed software development projects ranging from $10,000 to above $1,000,000. Oversaw hundreds of defects and change requests during my tenure with Gainwell Technologies - Normally overseeing 20 - 30 enhancements/defects at once and at one point overseeing 73 enhancements/defects.
● After Gainwell was awarded a new business by the State of Ohio - Ohio Medicaid Pharmacy Services
(SPBM):
o Developed and managed a team to work on the transfer of the web/mobile portal form the enterprise implementation team to local resources o Developed and managed a team to work on defects and operational efficiencies for faxing and OCR. This involved working with a system vendor, developing Statements of Works, obtaining SOWs and POs
o Developed and managed a team to handle documentation updates housed on the web/mobile portal
● Managed a team that performed annual tasks each fall for ODM - o Led a team that determined who was eligible for open enrollment and mailed letters to the 2 million plus recipients each fall
o Led a team that worked with CMS and determined who was eligible for passive enrollment each fall
o Led a team that worked with ODM each fall to set up next years’ calendars to determine monthly enrollments, payments and updates
● Managed a team to implement the Ohio Department of Medicaid OhioRISE program in the MITS system (eligibility, claims and provider coordination). This was a coordinated effort with Aetna
(OhioRISE vendor) - edi files for eligibility, claims, provider and prior auth information.
● Guided a team to manage the transition of Medicaid members after Paramount MCE was purchased by Anthem MCE. This involved splitting the member transition between all Medicaid MCEs, eligibility and claims information transitions.
● Managed a team to implement the SPBM portion of the FFS program. This involved informational updates and reporting updates on the web/mobile platform.
● Assisted with transition to the FI system. This involved setting leading discussions and planning scopes of work for claims edits, provider credentialing and capitation payments. CareWorks/York/Sedgwick Dublin, OH
Senior Project Manager (1996 – March 2020)
Responsible for the IT needs of multiple companies, providing project management, system development, infrastructure needs, change management, staff training, customer service, marketing/client support, business workflow process improvement, AR/AP processing, disaster recovery and business continuity. Comfortable using Jira and MS Office products for tracking project lifecycles.
● Managed software development projects ranging from 1 month to 12 months for user populations of 100 to 1,000 with IT staff of 2 to 20. For example: o Led a team that developed a user access control module. Project took 3 developers 2 months to complete at a cost of ~$50,000
o Managed a team of 10 that built a new claims management system. Project took the team almost 6 months to deliver version 1.0 to production (cost ~$750,000 with software, hardware and man hours)
o Led a team of 3 that annually enhanced a system to meet new governmental regulations. Typical annual cost of $30,000 affecting ~150 users o Picked up a project mid-stream - evaluated the situation, developed a path forward and led the project through closing
● Led the (OCM)Organizational Change management Program, worked with business units to modify bill processing workflows.
o By making software and hardware and operational changes we introduced enough operational efficiencies to reduce staffing by 25% and were able to move staff to other units that needed assistance
o Worked with invoicing team lead to identify requirements needed to successfully invoice client electronically. This required staffing moves, additions and training to successfully complete the process and begin invoicing the client o Reviewed operational workflows of newly acquired businesses to identify operational workflows (software and people) and worked as part of a team to merge operational staff from multiple units together
● Three years of experience working with York Property & Casualty Group. Primarily Loss Adjusting for Property Insurance.
o Worked on electronic billing processing
o Worked on field adjusting workflow enhancements
o Worked on invoicing workflow enhancements
● Experienced leading software development efforts using scrum, agile, hybrid & waterfall methodologies.
o Used a variety of estimation methodologies in conjunction with business leaders to determine project ROI
o Proctored many elicitation sessions, gathering requirements, discovering epics and creating stories for development
o Held many post project retrospective meetings
● Planned and managed scope, schedule, cost, resources and quality for projects and successfully led projects through the life cycle while monitoring progress and controlling issues and blockers.
● Experienced in managing direct and shared resources, cross functional and functional teams.
● Led daily team meetings in Agile & Scrum environments.
● Worked with diverse, multi-located staff from multiple company areas to improve company operations and improve/unify workflows.
● Experienced developing and leading multiple projects/schedules/tasks through overlapping timeframes for multiple business units.
● Reviewed/monitored projects for risk and planned risk avoidance/mitigation.
● Led enhancement prioritization with IT and operations to determine best path forward to meet short- and long-term goals.
● Experienced implementing new systems and enhancements through development, quality testing, user acceptance testing, implementation day and the initial warranty period.
● Reported weekly, monthly and quarterly on all projects with all Stakeholders (including Development Teams, Business Owners and Executive Leadership). Status updates delivered in person or via email in a variety of formats.
● Presented training material for staff development and accreditation. Comfortable speaking to groups of any size.
● Collaborated with user groups, clients and system development teams to create/test/install/train multiple systems and many system enhancements.
● Evaluated, advised, estimated and led the IT integration of six purchased companies into the larger York group of companies.
● Managed multiple system migrations. Led clients and staff into new/improved workflows and better operational efficiencies. Lean event Is/Should mapping experience. For example: o Led an IT staff of 2 during a 3-month migration of a medical bill processing team of 25 and historical data from about 50 clients from one system to a new system o Led a migration for a user group of 150. Migrated file share data, along with system data to a new claims management system. Used a staff of 3 for about 3 months
● EDI experience including:
o New trading partner set up
o Transmission set up, testing, monitoring and troubleshooting o File layout set up, testing, import/export, monitoring and troubleshooting o ANSI X12 837, 835, 997
o Experience with direct and indirect trading partners
● Built a new medical bill processing system that included: o New transactions with multiple EDI Clearinghouses (in and outbound) o New transaction with PBM
o New transactions with multiple provider networks o ANSI X12 837, 835 & 997 formats
● Transitioned above medical bill payment system to a national vendor. o Moved existing transactions to new formats and new trading partners o Added indirect trading partners to the existing processes
● Built multiple EDI transactions for referral imports into a Claims Management System for the VocWorks group
o Referrals came from IVOR (custom external website we built for clients to enter referrals) o Referrals also came from FastTrack (internal website built by another unit in our company)
o Referrals also came from another internal claims systems o Billing information and documentation was sent via EDI to other internal and external bill processing systems
o AR data was sent via EDI to MAS/sage accounting system o Was in the process of migrating from Great Plains to SAP for AP and AR data for the Peer Review business unit when I left Sedgwick.
ESIS Columbus, OH
Claims Associate (1995 – 1996)
● Managed client accounts & assisted with infrastructure and remote server management. CIGNA HealthCare Columbus, OH
Customer Service (1993 – 1995)
● Supervised customer service team.
Education
Bachelor of Science, Economics The Ohio State University Columbus, OH Project Management Professional (PMP) PMI – Project Management Institute Personal
Chartered Organization Representative, Simon Kenton Council Blackfoot Staff – Advanced Scoutmaster Trainer
Contact this candidate