George Grondin, LSSBB, CSM, PMP, ITIL
ad06ct@r.postjobfree.com • TAMPA Area - Land O’ Lake, Florida 34638 • 210-***-****
www.linkedin.com/in/george-grondin-a003b479
SENIOR TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM - PROJECT MANAGER
25+ years’ success in guiding relationship building and systems implementation initiatives for global organizations.
Performance-driven IT professional with extensive experience in leading large-scale, high-risk projects through the full software development and project life cycle. Proven track record of business operations and partnering with C-level executives to build the technical roadmap for project launch and completion. Strong practical approach to establishing strategic goals and plans to generate future growth. Vast knowledge of staff management, information security, and managed services. Solid history of migration, cloud computing, and SaaS with a long roster of industry-relevant certifications and credentials.
Highly skilled in client engagement, budget management, contract negotiations, and continuous improvement. Exceptionally adept at working with all levels of internal and external management to ensure customer-centric buy-in. Director of multiple complex projects while meeting deadlines and budgeting expectations. Engaging team leader committed to analytical thinking, relationship management, and quality assurance.
CORE COMPETENCIES:
Accounting / Finance
Order Management
Asset Management
Business Integration
Vendor Management
Security Management
Enterprise System Integration
Supply Chain Management
Computerized Maintenance System
Driving Customer Experiences
Risk Management
Network Architecture
Requirements Gathering
Cyber and IT Security
e-Business Strategy
Professional Experience
Koozie Group (previously BIC Graphic North America), Clearwater, FL 8/2021 – Present
Promotional Products Industry
PROGRAM / PROJECT MANAGER
Responsible for leading project teams and managing activities associated with several large and small long-term projects within a flexible Oracle environment that managed information and applications.
Key Achievements:
Provided standard methodologies for planning projects and engendered in the deployment of PromoStandards - standardizing and enabling the quick flow of information between suppliers and distributors and coordinated corporate support for remote locations.
Created project plans, tracked key milestones, adjusted project plans, and assigned resources to meet business unit needs. Identified and mitigated issues and risks.
Managed project resources and worked with vendors and business users to evaluate, recommend, and implement proper technical solutions. Led continuous improvement and facilitated the use of company core business processes.
CITY OF SAN ANTONIO, San Antonio, TX 12/2014 – 01/2022
Municipal Government – Aviation Group
PROGRAM MANAGER / SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER
Steer various intricate, high-risk projects simultaneously on behalf of San Antonio’s city Aviation department. Manage all costing, integration, team productivity, tracking, and documentation for tactical/strategic infrastructure planning. Lead the requirements gathering process, satisfying all timelines, and budget constrictions.
Key Achievements:
Building Customer Experiences: Generate stage plans and prioritize documentation, risk reports, and change requests. Guide the implementation phases and enforce quality assurance. Streamline PCI Security Compliance projects and schedule all project deliverables, milestones, mandatory functions. Track project scope and risk mitigation to determine possible delays and initiate problem resolution.
Project Portfolio: Property Management System, Identity Management System, Video Surveillance System, Access Control Systems, CBP Biometric Exit, Noise Abatement Monitoring, Computerized Maintenance System, Parker System, Common Use System, Consolidated Rent-A-Car Facility, High Water Detection System, Windows Server Upgrade, GA FIS Facility / FIS Renovations, MUFIDS, Passenger Information Systems for Airports, FileNet Records Management System, Faster Asset Management System, Fleet Budget Forecast Tool, Vital Statistical System.

BT AMERICAS (BRITISH TELECOMMUNICATIONS), Dallas/Fort Worth, TX 3/2006 – 1/2014
Digital Transformation / IT Professional Services (IT Consulting & IT Support)
SENIOR INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECT MANAGER
Navigated project staff on broad range of small and large-scale multinational projects. Engaged with the operations and business development departments during project inception to safeguard compliance with job processing standards. Provided consulting and business analysis services along with proactive team management. Trained users on communications, PC, and IP security network defense initiatives. Administered network security evaluations to secure the accessibility of extremely sensitive applications within multiple projects.
Key Projects (Global Services/INS):
Philips Global Network One WAN: Sr. Infrastructure Project Manager - IT Professional Services:
Organized the implementation of Philips flagship project One-WAN. Deployed the internet-centric WAN strategy Global Project to migrate from the Philips Network to a BT WAN “private network” for North and South America locations. More than 36K users accessed the network externally within 67 countries and 550 locations. Steered network migration endeavors for all sites. Employed Technology PMO and IT Governance guidelines for the Philips PMO control center.
PepsiCo GENNXT Network Migration: Sr. Project Manager - IT Professional Services:
Spearheaded network implementation and circuit migration from legacy systems/ technology to the BT GenNXT MPLS circuit. Served as the intermediary for PepsiCo and BT with 580 locations in the South American region.
Oversaw network implementation (Review Governance, Review Process, Procedures, and Tools). Analyzed all critical PepsiCo Business Unit /Country Level constraints, along with additional network service and security projects.
Led the PepsiCo Business Unit, BT Business & Solution Analysts, and development personnel in comprehending existing performance and technical architecture to create specifications for new functionality. Coordinated legacy circuits and equipment decommission and the creation of lessons learned log.
Offered project management solutions and leadership for the Program Manager and performed as the designated contact as requested.
American Airlines (AA): Infrastructure Project Manager Call Center - Airlines Industry:
Project-managed enterprises for IT architecture, infrastructure, Internet, Telephony, and other technologies. Used internal, contractor, and offshore resources for large-scale projects worth more than $900K. Launched operations for a new contact center management.
Anchored major company projects focusing on operational and strategic business applications, as well as infrastructure demands. Project scope entailed a disaster recovery and VOIP for the AA call center.
Officiated operational meetings, executing alternations to the global communication network infrastructure, call centers, DNS domain names management, and IP separation.
Restructured call center operations increasing first call resolution from 20% to 60% and rectified within guidelines from 70% to 95%. Slashed processing from 14 days to 4.5 days.
Project-managed the Call Center Buildout and Network Migrations business ventures within the Airline industry.
Bristol-Myers Squibb Diamond IP DNS/DHCP Project:
Directed cross-functional business teams in the network (DNS & DHCP) services infrastructure implementation applying the full project management lifecycle. Aided customer-tailored HIDS and NIDS tuning and analysis. Assessed mitigation prerequisites enabling notifications to use data like log files and patch levels to reveal potential malicious activity.
Intrusion Detection System (IDS Re-Architecture): Oversaw the network intrusion prevention and detection system, tracking the network and system functions for harmful activities or policy breaches and generating documentation to a Management Station. Secured the adoption and adherence to deliverables and service design guidelines and secured the alignment of solutions, cost, and pricing models. Anchored networks/system/service development from the requirements gathering process to building, testing, integrating, and delivering conventional operations and services
Data Tracker Implementation Project: Directly managed project staff on all technology projects including scheduling and satisfying all timelines for deliverables. Orchestrated the network implementation of a multifunctional device providing BT multiple choices to institute features into the BMS website. The primary feature was a compilation of Call Detail Records from the PBX and generated reports that examined and simplified site management data, resulting in higher performance and allowing BT to seize future alerts and dilemmas before the event.
ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE
PROJECT MANAGER (INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR) Spherion Professional Services, Dallas & San Antonio, TX
United Services Automobile Association (Project Manager - P&C Insurance Firm): Oversaw Property and Casualty insurance product projects. Guided Web projects and midsized companies valued at $500K to $2M.
Affiliated Computer Services (Infrastructure Project Manager - IT Professional Services): Led Data Center Migrations for the Global IT infrastructure for McDonald’s and CHUBB ADM data centers. Oversaw system software conversions and Sarbanes-Oxley regulatory compliance.
Transamerica Real Estate Tax Service (Sr. Project Manager - Property Management): Guided the software migration to a PeopleSoft CRM system and led the outsourcing of an imaging system.
Argonaut / Verizon Co-Location (Infrastructure Project Manager – Insurance Firm): Guided network migration initiatives. Led circuit migration from a legacy managed Data Center Co-location with smooth accessibility to the ARGOWAN global IP network. Committed infrastructure Internet-centric in scalable bandwidth levels. Directed Data Networking Services and Business Continuity Solutions. Steered the AT&T and Verizon implementation of a new network in 16 prominent locations globally involving the network circuit migration from Sprint technology to AT&T, Verizon, and build-out of WAN and voice networks.
DIRECTOR / CIO IT Alliance Healthcare, Dallas/Fort Worth, TX – Healthcare Firm
Led business operations in support of 485 end-users in 42 locations. Incorporated HIPAA security policies and built a disaster recovery and business continuity strategy.
Rolled out an enterprise imaging document management system decreasing errors by 22%. Created Frame Relay LAN/WAN utilizing CISCO architecture for hubs, bridges, routers, and firewalls enhancing file transfers by 45%.
Rolled out enterprise e-Business solutions lowering network commutation costs by 37% and telephony expenses by 16%.
DIRECTOR PROGRAM / OPERATIONS IBC Corporation, Kansas City MO - IT Service Airlines
Served as Director of PMO for Trans World Airlines (TWA) IT services. Oversaw strategic projects for the company CEO. Saved $6.2M in operational costs, led the outsourcing engagement department, and directed a $10.1M budget yearly. Managed contract and vendor negotiations. Led developing and programming teams over financial and sales support systems.
MANAGING DIRECTOR (CEO), INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY Customer Computer Services, El Paso, TX - IT Professional Services
Anchored Data Center and Application development endeavors for an IT Services firm. Deployed tailored interactive vertical application systems including financial, clinical, scheduling, and radiology information systems for doctor’s offices. Increased profits and market share significantly.

Technical Proficiencies
Software / Tools:
MS Project, MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook), MS Visio, Fulfillment Application, PeopleSoft, BAAN, Healthcare, Oracle Software Analysis Tools, HEAT, PVCS, NIKU.
Infrastructure Technologies:
Mainframe, Midrange, Client/Server Environments, Windows X, NT, Novell Netware, SCO-UNIX, Security, CISCO, TCP/IP, Frame Relay, LAN/WAN, VPN, VoIP, Wireless/Telecom Communications Network Architecture (Hubs, Bridges, Routers, Firewalls, Telephony, Small-Midsize PBX Systems).
Development / Project Methodologies:
Systems Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Joint Application Design (JAD), Rapid Application Design (RAD), Object Oriented Analysis and Design (OOAD), Unified Modeling Language (UML), Rational Unified Process (RUP), CSC CATALYST, Systems Life Cycle (SLC), hybrid Agile(Scrum) / Waterfall methodology.

Education and Credentials

Bachelor of Business Administration in Management Science & Accounting (BBA)
University of Texas at El Paso, El Paso, TX
Graduate Coursework in Management Science
USAF Air University, Montgomery, AL

Certifications

Lean Six Sigma Black Belt Certification (CSSC)
Lean Six Sigma Executive Champion Certification
Project Management Professional (PMP)
ITILv3 Certification
Certified Scrum Master (CSM)
Cloud Computing Certification (CCC) (Fundamentals)

Certified Project Master (CPM)
Certified Program Director (CPD)
Institute of Project Management Certifications
Certified Project Officer (CPO)
Certified Project Professional (CPP)

Community Leadership
Coronado Bible Church & Grace Church, Panama City, Republic of Panama 3/2012 –4/2014
Ministry Group / Field Service
SOCIAL SERVICES VOLUNTEER
Established and volunteered for the men’s ministry group at an English-speaking church within the Republic of Panama.
Performed missionary work on behalf of the church, similar to that of the U.S. Peace Corp. Improved volunteer efforts by supporting multiple entry-level duties, saving valuable time for full-time personnel.
Spread the Word and provided in-demand support services to Panama citizens including food and essentials. Partnered with community leaders, organizations, and public agencies to promote the church’s community service programs.

Accomplishments

Technical Leadership. Planed, developed and enhanced technology infrastructure. Managed resources, schedules, compliance and communications for technology projects.
Researches and recommends solutions to improve and enhance our ecommerce channels
Manages partnerships with core system provider and technology vendors.
Multiple Technologies and Environments. Managed IT architectural, information system, security policy development, risk assessments, network security and e-commerce business solutions
Researches, recommends, and implements new programs, systems, and products as they pertain to the division.
Manages partnerships with core system provider and technology vendors.
Strategic Technology Leadership. Designed enterprise portals, LAN/WANs, VPNs and mobile/wireless communications. Established hardware and software standards. Developed disaster recovery plans and implemented security standards.
Develops, implements and maintains a robust work order system to track and resolve all technology related issues from technology end users
Interpersonal Communications. Built strong working relationships with senior management and staff in a process-driven matrix organization. Highly effective in building organizations and cooperative relationships between management and members of the Board of Directors.
Strong leadership, influencing, negotiation and analytical skills.
Strong conflict resolution and independent decision-making ability.
Managed Services. Led software development and maintenance, Tier 3/Tier 4 support, LAN/WAN management, Internet services, project management, telecommunications. Implemented security and contingency plans, prepared and managed information technology budgets.
Effective customer service skills and orientation. Experience in developing and managing budgets, including IT capital budgeting projections required.
Accelerate team productivity, develop and elevate talent capabilities to deliver product priorities that are essential to our clients.
Project Methodologies. Used standard project methodologies (JAR, JAD, SDLC, CSC CATALYST, and PMBOK-PMI, Certified Scrum Master). Familiar with ITIL principles, Cloud Computing Fundamentals, Software Development Life Cycle, and information security concepts.
Expert process and project management experience.
Lead the Technology teams to develop essential product solutions for internal and external clients. Responsible for all stages of the product lifecycle – from planning to release and continuous enhancements – and the underlying application and infrastructure support. Collaborate with leaders across the Technology organization to define and implement standard practices and scalable solutions.
Contact this candidate