Adenike Lawal
Atlanta, GA · 770-***-**** · ad09d8@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS:
Experienced System Quality Specialist with a 20-year track record in telecommunications billing, ordering, sales, services, and information technology. Passionate about contributing expertise to the dynamic field of information and emerging technology. Seeking opportunities to lead and enhance Quality Testing processes, leveraging strong management, leadership, and communication skills. Proven ability to cultivate and strengthen relationships, both internally and externally, while consistently driving business success through effective project management, proactive problem-solving, and critical thinking.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Salesforce portfolio, Varicent, Sales Payee Web, Help Request system, Bizcomp, IBM Databank, Zephyr, Itrack, Sharepoint Project Tracker, RLBM Dispute Tool, ACES, SAART, Snagit, Dunn and Bradsheet application, Power BI, Tableau, Marketing Database, QTP, Clear Quest, Jira, Clarify CM, Care Client, Telegence, NBI, Mercury Quality center / Test Director, Outlook, Internet Explorer, Windows 2000 Windows XP, Excel, Access, Visio, Project, PowerPoint, Oracle, Unix, HTML, Oracle SQL, TOAD, PL/SQL, SQL *PLUS, SQL Loader, Oracle Forms, Oracle Reports, SIEBEL, Wireless Device, BlackBerry, Web Testing, Win Runner, Jacktrack, CTS, ITHD (Remedy) and NBA tools. PRISM (Financial Module, Project Module, Resource Module and Purchase Module)

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCES:
AT&T, Atlanta, GA
Senior Business IT Manager - Direct Business
6/2014 – 10/2023
Managed QA and UAT testing for multiple releases, ensuring the timely resolution of defects.
Worked with stakeholders to create business requirements based on business needs for multiple releases.
Partnered with IT Problem Management department to reduce outstanding Service Desk tickets.
Facilitated dispute processing and compliance of audit requests.
Created process job aides to promote knowledge sharing.
Trained Application users as needed.
Effectively managed the transmission of payroll files holding over $30 million in commission payments.
Led Trouble Tickets conference calls and developed a formalized testing plan and methodology.
Analyzed commission programs' effectiveness and reported variances to upper management.
Accountable for Quality practices, testing procedures, and maintaining quality standards.
Trained new team members and collaborated across leadership levels to drive resolutions and decisions.

Business Manager IT
06/2012 – 06/2014
Led cross-functional teams to complete project deliverables within budget and timelines.
Collaborated with internal and external teams for BizComp projects.
Managed QA and UAT testing for multiple releases, gathering and providing test information.
Conducted end-to-end project management of testing/systems projects.
Facilitated Trouble Tickets conference calls and implemented a formalized testing plan.

Sales Operations Lead
7/2009 - 6/2012
Performed account assignment and revenue tracking functions, ensuring compensation accuracy.
Conducted QA and UAT activities, creating defects for coding corrections.

Manager-Quality/M&P/Policy
07/2007 – 07/2009
Managed ROMs and Front-End Financials, providing status reports to upper management.
Coordinated payment processes and created CBNTO financial plans.
Reviewed test LOEs and assisted with the creation of CBNTO process documents.
Facilitated meetings with IT teams to discuss improvements and funding issues.

QA/User Acceptance Test Strategist/Manager
11/2006 - 07/2007
Managed UAT and coordinated Clarify CSM UAT for all releases.
Developed and implemented a formalized testing process and methodology.
Accountable for QA practices, testing procedures, and quality standards.
Trained new team members and reported issues and defects to upper management.

Cingular Wireless, Alpharetta, GA
QA/QC Senior Analyst (Clarify CM)
03/2002 – 11/2006
Developed test cases, test plans, and scripts per Business Requirements.
Executed test plans and provided conversion sign-off.
Coordinated and implemented end-to-end tests.

GSS Inc., Atlanta, GA
Oracle Software Developer
11/2000 – 04/2002
Developed an activity status tracking system and analyzed requirements.
Designed GUI interfaces, complex packages, stored procedures, and triggers.
Coordinated unit testing and integration testing.

EDUCATION:
05/2008
MBA - Master of Business Administration
University of Colorado, Denver, Colorado
04/1988
B.A. History
University of Ilorin, Kwara, Nigeria
SKILLS & AWARDS:
05/2002
Quality Award for Perseverance
05/2004
Certificate of Excellence
04/2007
Certificate of Achievement – Quality Control
04/2007
Certificate of Achievement – Project Management
11/2008
Certificate of Achievement – IT UP Professional
06/2014
Toastmaster Competent Communicator Certification
07/2021
Distinguished Toastmaster
09/2021
Certified SAFe 5 Agilist
Contact this candidate