*
NOAH “KEYTH” IANNELLI
**** ******** *****
New Braunfels, Texas 78132
281-***-**** Cellular
ad0fjf@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL HIGHLIGHTS
Over 20+ years in Project Management, Quality Assurance, Inspection, and Construction. Communicates effectively with owners, clients and contractors to provide quality assurance while maintaining project and job timelines. Utilizes strong, detail-oriented and interpersonal skills improving services, procedures, products, and project budgets. Focused leader with years of experience in improving timeline efficiencies, budget targets, and successfully integrating various divisions to work as a cohesive whole.
CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT CERTIFICATIONS / LICENSES / TRAININGS Building Contractor San Antonio, Texas
Registered with City of San Antonio, License # RBC-22-00427 Inspector ICC Houston, Texas
ICC (International Code Council), License #5280509-B1 Inspector TREC Houston, Texas
License #6951
OSHA Construction Safety & Health Houston, Texas
Certification #18-003******
EXPERIENCE
2022-2023 Everview Homes 16 Homes San Antonio, Texas
(1-1/2 years) Construction Manager $23.5 Million
2019-2022 Camillo Properties San Antonio 98 Homes San Antonio, Texas
(4 years) Construction Manager $29.5 Million
(Same company as below, different division/market) 2019-2022 Legend Homes Houston 300 Homes Porter, Texas
(4 years) Construction Manager $90 Million
2018-2019 Stone Bridge Homes 10 Homes Waller, Texas
(1 year) Construction Manager $9.5 Million
2
2014-2018 Lennar Homes/Village Homes 300 Homes Tomball, Texas
(6 years) Construction Manager $150 Million
2013-2014 LGI Homes 120 Homes Houston, Texas
(1 year) Construction Manager $25.8 Million
2005-2013 DPIS Engineering Tomball, Texas
(8 years) Quality Assurance Inspector
2013 NDT Manager Liberty, Texas
ATS / Applied Technical Services
NDT Manager responsible for implementation of procedures and structuring for NDT department. Responsible for inspection and documentation of equipment. 2013 Site Supervisor / API Inspector Houston, Texas QualSpec / TPC HNO Site
API-510 Inspector responsible for compliance on all external equipment. Responsible for inspection of equipment, documentation of equipment, Taking pictures and comprising reports, entering reports into TPC database and PCMS. Proficient with PCMS, Microsoft word, excel, and various other software. Responsible for 10+ employees. Overseen employee daily operations within the MI program. Plan, schedule, and coordinate inspections to provide technical support through the inspection of fixed equipment and piping to ensure overall mechanical integrity, safety, and reliability. 2012- 2013 Site Supervisor / API Inspector Houston, Texas TechCorr / TPC HNO Site
API-510 Inspector responsible for compliance on all external equipment. Responsible for inspection of equipment, documentation of equipment, Taking pictures and comprising reports, entering reports into TPC database and PCMS. Proficient with PCMS, Microsoft word, excel, and various other software. Responsible for 10+ employees. Overseen employee daily operations within the MI program. Plan, schedule, and coordinate inspections to provide technical support through the inspection of fixed equipment and piping to ensure overall mechanical integrity, safety, and reliability. 2011-2012 RBI / Consulting Group Houston, Texas
ATS Applied Technical Services /Huntsman /Enterprise Inspector. Proficient in systemized and circuitized drawings, doing visuals, acquiring and implementing data for Risked Based Inspection program. Implemented and completed RBI program on offshore platform VK-817A in Gulf of Mexico. 2011 Level II Eddy Current / Tubing Group Pasadena, Texas TechCorr
Technician / Inspector for Eddy Current /Tubing Group. Proficient in various NDE methods such as ET, RFT, NFT, & IRIS. Completed NDE inspections on various pressure vessels and bundles. Proficient in organizing and setting up equipment, and acquiring data. 2010-2011 Technician-Eddy Current / Tubing Group Pasadena, Texas 3
Mistras Group USA
Inspector / Assistant for Eddy Current/Tubing group. Proficient in various NDE methods such as ET, RFT, NFT, & IRIS. Completed NDE inspections on various pressure vessels and bundles. Proficient in organizing and setting up test equipment, acquiring data and completing reports.
2009-2010 Ikon Indemnity Magnolia, Texas
Operations Manager / Insurance Broker
Managed a clientele portfolio, supervised employees, and managed daily operations. 2006-2009 Q/A Inspector Tomball, Texas
DPIS Engineering
Building Inspector for new home construction.
Inspected and advised construction managers for various builders throughout Houston
(and its surrounding areas), San Antonio, and Austin on building codes, regulations, finals, final grade, concrete placement, foundation inspections, cable elongation inspection, and code compliance.
Inspected residential and multi-family dwellings during all phases of construction. 2005-2006 Q/A - Materials Manager Houston, Texas
GS Hydro U.S., Tubing Group Division
Materials Manager for a global provider of complete, non-welded piping systems. Managed the Inventory, Shipping, Receiving, Warehouse, and Started and implemented the current QA procedures.
Inspected all piping and piping projects before they were used in the field. The procedures resulted in safer working environments and safer projects resulting in fewer failures and down times.
Implemented the current procedures, streamlining company productivity while lowering costs.
Appointed Safety/HSE and Regulatory advisor, aiding in the companies safety manual. Managed and educated company warehousemen through procedures in setting up the warehouse with sites and controls.
Oversaw the company’s logistic department to a 67% reduction in shipping costs. Prepared all documentation, commercial invoices, and NAFTA forms for customs clearance.
Provided logistics coordination for the shipping of custom made pre-fabricated piping systems and tooling for the FPSO Spar Rigs and other multiple customers. Proficient in NAFTA coding.
2000-2005 Q/A - Manager Houston, Texas
Tesco Corporation U.S., Contract Casing Division
Manager of QA Department, Inventory, Shipping, Receiving, and Warehouse for contract casing, oilfield equipment.
HSE and Regulatory advisor.
Manager of warehouses located in Houston and Freer, Texas. Manage a $1.5 million dollar inventory supplying 3 casing drilling land rigs. Implemented and started QA Procedures and checks and balances. 4
Managed quality control on all incoming drill pipe, valves, drill bits, and all casing inventory and tools.
Trained QA Department that checked the mill thickness of all coated tooling and supplies for land rigs and off shore equipment and tooling. Set procedures for outsourced companies that coated our top drive tooling equipment. Prepared all documentation, commercial invoices, & NAFTA forms for customs clearance. Provide logistics coordination for the shipping of land rigs and tooling worldwide. Proficient in NAFTA coding, Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Office Suite
(Word/Excel/Power Point) and Great Plains Accounting Systems. 1998-2000 Owner / Founder Spring, Texas
Millennium Autosports
Owner and operator of a full-service automotive customization shop. Specialized in everything from import tunner cars, 4-wheel drives, & vintage restorations. Supervised various employees.
Handled daily activities from training and developing succession plans for Assistant Managers and Sales Associates. Organized employee schedules and payroll. Managed and maintained all business functions. Member of SEMA (Specialty Equipment Market Association).
CERTIFICATIONS / LICENSES / TRAININGS
API 510 Certification #42503 Houston, Texas
American Petroleum Institute, Received November 2011 Pressure Vessel Inspector
Level Il RFT (Remote Field Test) Pasadena, Texas
Level Il ET (Eddy Current Test)
Level Il UT Thickness (IRIS) (Internal Rotating Inspection System) API 510 Course Pasadena, Texas
Pressure Vessel Inspection Code Course
DTM Enterprises, Taken 2010
Inspector ICC License #5280509-B1 Houston, Texas
ICC (International Code Council), Received 2006
Inspector TREC License #6951 Houston, Texas
Received 2004
Level II Dye Penetrant Testing Houston, Texas
Level II Magnetic Particle Testing
Level II Ultrasonic Thickness Testing
Level II Visual Testing
Krautkramer NDT Schools /Tesco, Received 2000
5
Contact this candidate