**:** wll SF

vy see

Jeremy Smith Resume.docx

<

Page 1

JEREMY SMITH

SUMMARY

Self-motivated, accomplished and results-oriented Senior Operations
Professional with over 20 years of progressive excellence leading teams to
success. Excellent multi-tasking and organizational aptitudes with advanced
technical skills. Able to identify areas of strength and weakness and implement
company policies and procedures. Proficient at producing professional results
while adhering to difficult mandates and rigid deadlines. Focused on
developing and streamlining procedures and finding innovative, cost-effective
solutions. Always open to new and challenging assignments while providing
strong initiative and commitment to quality and excellence. Lead and Mentor
co-workers and staff.

EXPERIENCE

East Coast Regional Manager
Cornerstone Detention Garner, North Carolina
August 2020 - October 2023

« Responsible for all aspects of Operations, including but not limited to
growing Region budget from $4M to $12M or 250%. Collecting on aging
accounts, AIA billings, hire/fire personnel, maintain vendor relationships,
project manager/field technician training, safety, installation practices,
quality assurance/standards, maintain fleet operation, warehouse, all
aspects of job verification, verification of all material ordered for jobs,
scheduling of jobs, final walk through with client of all jobs. Worked in
field as needed.

e Sales assistance: Responsible for walk through of jobs with sales
manager and client, review of all sales proposals, assist with engineering
jobs as needed, verification of proper material used, and any additional
sales assistance needed.

¢ Responsible for all aspects of Service: scheduling service tickets, quotes,
billing, ordering of material, etc.

Operations Manager

Security101 Phoenix, Arizona

January 2018 - May 15, 2020

*¢ Responsible for all aspects of Operations, including but not limited to:

forecasting weekly billing, collecting on aging accounts, maintain
proper documentation in 101ware, hire/fire personnel, maintain vendor
relationships, project manager/field technician training, safety,
installation practices, quality assurance/standards, maintain fleet
operation, warehouse, all aspects of job verification, verification of all
material ordered for jobs, scheduling of jobs, final walk through with
client of all jobs. Worked in field as needed. Sales assistance:
Responsible for walk through of jobs with sales manager and client,
review of all sales proposals, assist with engineering jobs as needed,
verification of proper material used, and any additional sales assistance
needed. Responsible for all aspects of Service: scheduling service
tickets, quotes, billing, ordering of material.

Chief Operating Officer
Premise One Mesa, Arizona
September 2017 - December 2017
«Responsible for all aspects of Operations, including but not limited to:
forecasting, maintaining ops budget/p&l, created 2018 budget, hire/fire
personnel, project manager/field technician training, safety, installation
practices, quality assurance/standards, fleet operation, warehouse, all
aspects of job verification, verification of all material ordered for jobs,
scheduling of jobs, final walk through with client of all jobs. Sales
assistance: Responsible for walk through of jobs with account executive
and cliant engineering jobs, reviewing bid with account
lient, verification of proper material used, assist account
Q closing jobs, and any additional sales assistance needed.
Operations Manager/Sales Office Manager

Vector Resources Phoenix, Arizona
January 2014 - September 2017

Ran all dens-to-dens Salac/Anaratians far Phaaniv affica Anaratinns:

Ee) G

CONTACT

JF 602-***-****
& ad0on2@r.postjobfree.com

@ Clayton, NC 27520

SKILLS

Certified: Openpath,
Genetec Stratocast, Brivo,
Assa Abloy

Previously CTS Certified
Ability to communicate
effectively with both internal
and external customers
Ability to organize
effectively in order to
achieve results

Ability to maintain highly
confidential information
Attention to detail

Meet schedules and
deadlines

Self-disciplined and
motivated to meet
customer needs and
company goals

Strive on Integrity and
Loyalty

Background cleared and
access to get in
Government Buildings /
Bases

EDUCATION

Emphasis: Theology
Indiana Bible College
Indianapolis, IN
1994-1995

Emphasis: Elementary Education
Indiana University

Bloomington, IN

1992-1994

D
Contact this candidate