Tebadi Marcia Makunyane

***** *********** ****** ******: 066-***-****
ad0tz4@r.postjobfree.com

PERSONAL DETAILS

Nationality : South African
Language : English, Sepedi, IsiZulu, Setswana, Sesotho
Driver’s license : Code 10

SECONDARY EDUCATION

Last School Attended : Moreko High School
Highest Grade Passed : Grade 12

TERTIARY EDUCATION

Qualification (2016) : Baccalaureus Technologies: Construction
Management
Institution : Tshwane University of Technology

Qualification (2015) : National Diploma in Building
Institution : Tshwane University of Technology

Qualification (2011) : Certificate for Basic Health and Safety for
Employees

SKILLS/COMPETENCIES

Knowledge and understanding of health and safety on site, JBCC, FIDIC Reading and interpretation of plans, importance of quantity control and quality assurance.

Ability to work under pressure paying attention to detail and ability to work outside working hours to fulfill a department objective as required and meet strict deadlines.

Safety consciousness, high degree of honesty, effective communication skills (verbal and written), dependability, confidentiality, integrity, and analytical abilities.

Well-developed capabilities in planning, organizing, leading and controlling both human and material resources to the best possible benefit to the organization.

Good planning and organization skills, presentation skills, leadership skills, reporting skills, computer skills, excellent problem-solving skills and ability to achieve results through team work.

PROFESSIONAL STATEMENT

Construction Manager qualified in interpretation of Architectural and engineering drawings, organizing and coordinating project plan, construction and assessment of civil infrastructure, developing strategic and maintenance plans, project work plans, project budget and cost management, delivering of high quality projects, my skills include but not limited site management, talent management, project management, safety management and contractor management. Seeking employment to execute my talent to my best abilities also adding value to your business.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Name of Company : WF kroon
Position Held : intern (Construction Manager)
Period : January 2012 - December 2012
Duties
Setting out of foundations and bases, interpretation of foundations and bases, interpretation of surface bed plan, surface bed leveling, setting out saw joints, isolation joints, construction joints, setting out of staircases, Building administration.
Manage strict adherence to the budget guidelines as well as project project management, quality and safety standards.

Name of company : Mamepe Civil
Position Held : Site Supervisor
Period : Jan 2015 – December 2015
Duties:
Facilitate and ensure that construction activities follow the predetermined schedule and critically monitor project milestones, conduct regular status meetings with the principal agent teams, Conduct periodic inspection visits to project construction sites. Manage change to the project without unduly affecting the stated objectives and benefits, develop and implement project work plans and make revisions as and when need arises.

Name of Company : Calgro M3 Developments
Position Held : Junior Construction Manager
Period : April 2016 – May 2017
Duties:
Prepare and manage all project milestones, develop effective communication systems and provide timely feedback for management client and customers, action site meeting minutes and action plan, compile and issue timely weekly project reports for stakeholders. Manage and facilitate the availability of all site handing over documentation also coordinate the submission of as built drawings and user specifications where applicable.

Name of Company : Gabtu CM&PM
Position : Construction Manager
Period : May 2017 – February 2018
Duties:
Construction of pavements, maintenance work for municipality building, libraries, hospitals grave yards Interpretation of Architectural and engineering drawings, organizing, supervising and coordinating project plan. Review and approve invoices/claims submitted by contractors and professional’s service providers are timely checked, verified and forwarded to the Project manager. Confirm project activities are scheduled. Develop and issue contract instruction in accordance with the conditions of the contract and ensure contracts are managed in a way that is fair to all parties.

Name of Company : Anglo American/ Thungela
Position Held : Construction Civil Engineer
Period : February 2018 – September 2022
Duties

Manage and update project reporting and activities, compile and issue timely monthly progress reports and conduct also compile lessons learnt report, project close out report. Inspect work on site, identify sub quality work, check the quality of building materials, compare as built with drawings and specifications, engage with contractor, engineers, and Surveyor, and ensure work is executed in accordance with company safety standards. Advise and evaluate contractors on compliance to the approved safety plan and ensure that Environmental standards are being achieved. Ensure effective communication and adequate reporting.
Assist in designing and planning project plan, review drawings, Completing daily reports, ensuring project matches client specifications, managing project, develop security and safety plan, managing contractors on site. Manage the people process for direct report these include performance management and management talent management learning and development. Manage audit and compliance queries from stakeholders and clients department.
Contact this candidate