Amirtharaj Muthuraj
Contact Number: +1-732-***-****
Email:ad0v64@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Technical Project Manager Skills:

Possess 13 Years of extensive experience in the technical management, infrastructure builds out, application development and upgrades, customer relationship management, network security analysis, server virtualization, ISO certifications, RFP implementations, quality assurance, retail and medical life sciences, financial investment strategies, P/L responsibilities, TCO & ROI analysis.
Recognized for strong leadership and team building skills with many references to substantiate.
Build and develop the project team to ensure maximum performance, by providing purpose, direction, and motivation.
Lead projects from requirements definition through deployment, identifying schedules, scopes, budget estimations, and implementation plans, including risk mitigation
Coordinate internal and external resources to ensure that projects adhere to scope, schedule, and budget
Analyze project status and, when necessary, revise the scope, schedule, or budget to ensure that project requirements can be met
Accountable for managing and monitoring project performance of multiple projects with one or more internal and external dependencies, multiple scopes, including: providing guidance to Leadership and core team which consist of Business/IT and external entities.
Identifies, negotiates, communicates and manages project changes. Reports status of project, including project risks, to customers, project team, supervisor, Project Offices, governance and other key staff
Responsible for the overall direction, management, communication, coordination of status reports, and accountability of project-oriented work efforts and project success
Ensure projects are delivered on time, within budget, adhere to high quality standards and meet customer expectations.

Project Manager Responsibilities & Skills :

Establish and maintain processes for managing scope during the project lifecycle, setting quality and performance standards and assessing risks
Structure and manage integrated, multitrack performance databases for digital, print, social, broadcast, and experiential projects
Develop and maintain partnerships with third-party resources, including vendors and researchers
Assign and monitor resources to ensure project efficiency and maximize deliverables
Report project outcomes and/or risks to the appropriate management channels and escalate issues, as necessary, according to project work plan
Exposure to several project management tools such as Azure Dev ops, Asana, Jira, Zoho & Microsoft Project.
Hands-on experience in Conﬂuence, JIRA workﬂow creation, MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, SharePoint.
Knowledge of ESB Development, Middleware development, Mule, Oracle and MySQL.
Leadership, Delegation, Organization, Problem Solving, Conﬂict Resolution, Planning, Executing.

Preferred skills and qualifications :

Professional certification such as PMP or PRINCE2
Experience in developing platforms for internal processes
Experience in coaching project team members to strengthen their abilities and skill sets

EDUCATION

Title of the Degree
College/University
Year
Grade
Bachelor of Technology
Anna University
2009
First Class

MAJOR PROJECTS

Client Account
Project, Roles and Responsibilities
Project -1
Client: - Medtronic
Role: – Technical Project Manager
Location: Edison, New jersey(USA)
Duration: (Oct-2019 to till date)

Responsibilities: –
Created customer relationships by serving as a customer service advocate to achieve project objectives
Demonstrated risk mitigation by completing 6 projects ahead of schedule.
Realized the importance of time management, follow-ups, and solid customer relationships.
Streamlined the execution of a 22 month project containing 180 sites across 4 phases
Lead a team of three through the completion of a 230- site project across 7 states by utilizing detailed communication, precise deadlines, and quality control.
Managed a project, in 2022, that resulted in $2.3 million in revenue

Summary of Projects: – Managed File Transfer- Application development and upgrade
Project leader-This $3.1 Million project spanned all CDC Units to replace the file transfer product as well as numerous FTP implementations with the synchrony applications from various vendors.
As a project manager, managed the technical Application build out as well as the daily customer relations and customer requirements for custom application development. The full life cycle scope spanned from business case development through decommissioning of replaced infrastructure.

Manage active software release to field systems & Manufacturing facility for Medtronic & the Hugo surgical robot & fast pulse fiber optic lasers supported Application framework for medical devices/aerospace & and projector technology.

Project -2
Client: - 7Eleven (US)
Role: – Technical Project Manager
Location: Irving-Texas -USA
Duration: (Sep-2017 to Oct-2019)

Summary of Projects: –
Project Leader-worked with Cisco to develop a comprehensive Application development. All seven eleven IT groups were then assessed to these standards after which they implemented remediation plans, which were then validated. The process then became an ongoing repeatable process.

Responsibilities: –
Working with resource allocation, availability and allocation according to project needs.
Conducting daily scrum meetings to discuss yesterday's work status, today’s work, and impediments if any.
Conducting meetings for sprint review and sprint retrospectives.
Working with cross-teams to resolve impediments at the earliest.
Review each progress/ timeline for all in-sprint tickets daily and inform about possible deviations ahead to stakeholders.
Make sure all standard procedures are followed when we release each sprint ticket.
Keep track of issue injection vs resolution and team coordination to derive possible root causes for the issues.
Taking meeting notes and action points against resource names and coordinating with assigned resources to get it done.
Generating reports related to the team or project based on various metrics.
Working with resource allocation, availability and allocation according to project needs.
Conducting daily scrum meetings to discuss yesterday's work status, today’s work, and impediments if any.
Conducting meetings for sprint review and sprint retrospectives.
Working with cross-teams to resolve impediments at the earliest.
Review each progress/ timeline for all in-sprint tickets daily and inform about possible deviations ahead to stakeholders.
Make sure all standard procedures are followed when we release each sprint ticket.
Keep track of issue injection vs resolution and team coordination to derive possible root causes for the issues.
Taking meeting notes, and action points against resource names and coordinating with assigned resources to get it done.
Generating reports related to the team or project based on various metrics.

Project -3
Client: - 7Eleven (india)
Role: – Tech Lead/ Project Manager
Location: India
Duration: (Sep-2015 to Aug-2017)
Responsibilities: –

Involvement in project management activities, resources, and requirements.
Creating project work breakdown structure and assigning tasks to respective team members.
Attending client calls to discuss project requirements, and queries.
Documenting MOM and following up on important actions and decisions from meetings. Sharing daily work updates with the client to stay on top of delivery.
Arranging daily scrum meetings to discuss yesterday's work status, today’s work, goals for the current sprint, and impediments if any.
Arranging meetings for backlog grooming, sprint review, and sprint retrospective.
Work closely with project team members, answered to team’s queries, solved issues, and provided solutions to the team.
Regular monitoring of project budget and ensuring project deadlines are met.
Preparation of reports and charts to track project status and share the reports with stakeholders.
Tracking project requirement changes in project management software.

Project -4

Project: – AkzoNobel
Role: – Project Coordinator
Location: India
Duration: (Nov-2012 to Aug-2015)
Responsibilities: –

Creating project scope of work, and project schedules. Maintaining and updating the schedule when required.
Organizing, attending, and participating in stakeholder meetings.
Documenting and following up on important actions and decisions from meetings.
Preparing necessary presentation materials for meetings. Review designs and requirements and outline the discussion points before the meeting.
Regular monitoring of project budget and ensuring project deadlines are met.
Tracking project changes.
Break the project into doable actions and assign tasks to respective team members.
Ensuring projects adhere to frameworks and all documentation is maintained appropriately for each project.
Assess project risks and issues and provide solutions where applicable.
Chair and facilitate meetings where appropriate and distribute minutes to all project team members.
Coordination with content and SEO team for Content and SEO projects, guide and help the content team with marketing campaigns.

Project -5

Project: – MetLife Shared Services ISG
Role: – Project Coordinator
Location: India
Duration: (Aug-2010 to Oct-2012)
Responsibilities: –
Coordinate project management activities, resources, equipment and information.
Coordination with content and SEO team for Content and SEO projects, guided and helped content team for marketing campaigns.
Client communication to gather the requirements and give updates to the client after work completion.
Assign tasks to internal teams and assist with schedule management. Break projects into doable actions and set timeframes.
Ensuring project deadlines are met.
Documenting and following up on important actions and decisions from meetings.
Reviewing and checking the module/functionality prior to delivering to the client.
Final functional and responsive testing of the projects.
Maintaining and updating the schedule and SRS when required.
Controlling versions of the project's documents.
Communication with clients in order to understand the requirements, share work updates, and get work approvals from the client.
Thoroughly checking clients’ requirements and assigning jobs to the concerned designers & developers.
Coordinating with designers & developers to ensure ﬂawless execution of projects.
Giving replies to clients’ emails/queries.
Reviewing and checking the module/functionality prior to delivering to the client.
Creating test cases for web and mobile application projects and performing the ﬁnal functional and responsive testing of the projects.
Contact this candidate