ISAAC NDA AMIHERE
GradIosh/PMP(PMI)/Lead Auditor ISO
45001:2018,ISO 9001:2015
PROFILE
Skilled in promoting a systematic and
consistent approach to the
management of HSE activities to
ensure compliance with applicable
regulations. Proven ability to
champion health & safety on site and
actively promote a 'zero incidents'
culture. Highly motivated manager
with the capability to recruit, coach,
support, and supervise teams.
Proficient in conducting accident and
incident investigations. Expert in
reviewing health, safety, and
environmental procedures and
effectively implementing HSE plans
across the projects. Capacity to
maintain strong relationship with
clients, subcontractors, vendors, and
3rd parties.
Exceptional communication skills with
aptitude to plan and execute projects
from conception to conclusion in fast-
paced and deadline-driven
environments. Strong knowledge and
implementation of ISO 9001:2015, ISO
45001:2018 & ISO 14000.
CONTACT
PHONE:
+974-****-****
+974-****-****
WHATSAPP
+974-****-****
EMAIL:
ad0wzv@r.postjobfree.com
CAREER EXPERIENCE
TRUST ENGINEERING CONSULTANCY – HSE/QA MANAGER
August 2021–Present
Provide functional oversight, direction, and guidance of health and safety aspects throughout the organization. Monitor, coordinate, measure performance, and report on all HSE activities. Develop, implement, and communicate organization-wide health and safety initiatives, including processes and procedures and ensure a uniform understanding. Assisted Project Manager(s) in the delivery of all project requirements various Project(s). Effective in building good working relationships within complex organizational structures, both internally and with various Project stakeholders Key Responsibilities.
Review and approve temporary works arrangement such as Traffic Diversion.
Responsible for implementation of Quality Management System requirements as directed by the Quality Assurance Manager and ensuring the requirements of ISO 9001: are implemented across Home Office Engineering activities in all PMC projects
Provide advice and guidance to Project Management personnel on the application of the Quality Management System in relation to Project Execution activities
Review QA requirements during preparation of proposals, as directed by the Manager, Quality Assurance, to assess resourcing/manpower budgets and scheduling of QA activities
Fulfil the role of Project QA Manager when assigned
Preparation, implementation and maintenance of project quality plans, ensuring that all contractual quality requirements are effectively communicated and met
Reviewing of project specific procedures and documents to verify that they comply with the contractual requirements
Monitoring of the application of these procedures to verify compliance with the contract.
Preparing a program of QA and Audits
QA Audits will focus on the effective application of the quality management system and compliance to the project quality plan
Qualifications & Criteria Mandatory Requirements.
Planned comprehensive Job Safety Analysis for the project using the method statement and practical knowledge.
Identified the hazards and introduced mitigated preventive measures.
Audited and inspected the job site to detect and correct safety hazard
Liaised between clients and contractors on health and safety related issues.
Assisted with investigation of accidents, incidents (including
‘near misses’), and dangerous occurrences and make recommendations to prevent recurrence.
Supported and guided team in establishing and processing HSE initiatives, programs, and procedures.
REDCO International WLL (Doha, Qatar) - SENIOR HSE OFFICER December 2020 – July 2021
Audited and inspected the job site to detect and correct safety hazard
Initiated and conducted accident investigations and prepares job accident reports.
Represented management during safety inspections of the job site by regulatory authorities and company insurance carriers.
Received, reviewed, and distributed safety inspection reports with recommended corrective actions.
Provided oversight to the new hire safety orientation process and other safety-related training.
Conducted risk assessments for upcoming work and delivered technical assistance to the safety planning process.
Supported and guided construction team, contractors, sub- contractors in establishing and processing HSE initiatives, programs, and procedures.
Fostered continuous improvement of existing HSE Management Systems through sharing of best practices.
Developed and managed HSE awareness campaigns
REDCO Al Mana (Doha, Qatar) - SENIOR HSE OFFICER
April 2019 – July 2020
Duties & Responsibilities
Developing and implementing safety programs, incentive programs, safety competitions and other activities which will develop & sustain the interest of the workers in establishing & maintaining safe conditions of work & procedures.
Developing safety posters, signs, etc. and distributing.
Coordinating and inspecting of lift and heavy lifting equipment at work site.
Determining the cause of accident and recommending means of preventing recurrence of such an incident.
Inspecting of workshops, Stores and Labor camp to monitor Health and safety compliance.
Monitoring the effectiveness of subcontractor’s HSE Policies and procedures.
Desert Line WLL (Doha, Qatar) – QUALITY ASSURANCE OFFICER January 2018 – March 2019
Assisted in implementing quality control procedures and plans on site.
Assisted in developing and maintaining quality standards and ensures proper implementation.
Review and approve inspections, test plans and quality control plans.
Identified, analyze and resolve problems and issues with quality assurance and control for site construction.
Plan and coordinate QA/QC activities, making certain of quality control of the work in accordance to contract requirements.
Review and approvs the sub-contractors' quality
documentation, and implements audits as well.
Moonlight Cont. & Trading Co. (Doha, Qatar) - HSE OFFICER October 2014 – January 2018
Conducting safety Tool Box Talk & monthly HSE training to site for workers and supervisors.
Carrying out accident investigation and reporting to the management about accident trends preventive measures.
Supervising the activities inside vessel for HSE compliance.
Initiate and monitor drill and rescue operations to ascertain how ready we are in an event of emergency.
Act as safety advocate with tough-caring leadership mentality to ensure compliance with the company’s safety standards.
Promotes injury-free operations by ensuring that appropriate safety rules are communicated to both company and sub - contractor employees.
Keeping the area free from any hazard prior Testing and commissioning of any completed task before handing over. PROJECTS HANDLED
1. Laboratory Animal Research Center (LARC) Extension Project for Qatar University
Client: Qatar University
Project Scope/Description: The project covers design, tender and supervision scope. The existing LARC facilities was considered in the design to integrate the existing MEP system to the proposed extension building with overall aim to achieve first AAALAC certification in Qatar. Project was split into two tender packages including design and construction of new LARC Extension Building as well as upgrade of existing LARC facilities where special care was given to existing condition of the facility and uninterrupted functioning during modification works at site.
2. New Headquarters Commercial Building (3B+G+M+9) at Lusail Client: Shk. A. Rahman Hamad J H Al Thani
Project Scope/Description: Design, Supervision and Project Management Services for 3B+G+M+9 Office Building located at Commercial Boulevard Plot BC-D-6, Lusail. Building’s approximate built up area is 14,369 sqm and it’s developed a land of approx. 1,999 sqm plot. The building will accommodate headquarter offices for the group of companies operating under the Owner.
3. Corporate Office Building (3B+G+M+3) at ECQ E-07, Lusail Client: Al Mohannadi Group
Project Scope/Description: Design and Supervision
Consultancy Services for 3B+G+M+3 Corporate Office Building at Plot E-07 at ECQ, Lusail.
4. Residential Building in AP29, Giardino Village
Client: MK RESIDENCE
Project Scope/Description: Design and Supervision
Consultancy Services for B+G+ Residential buildings in Giardino villas, including design, design approvals, supervision and handing over.
5. S23 Al Rayyan Bus Depot
Client: Public Work Authority (PWA)/Ministry of Transport
(MOTC)
Project Scope/Description: Design and Built precast project where Redco was the manufacturer and Installation
contractor of Precast buildings and other facilities for the construction of Bus Depot at Al Rayyan. The Following scope of works were identified.
OTHER PROJECTS
1. Project: Musheireb Downtown Doha - Phase 1B as HSE Officer under Moonlight Contracting & Trading Co.
2. Project: Al Wakrah Water Project as HSE Officer under Moonlight Contracting & Trading Co.
3. Project: Al Wakrah (Road Bypass) HSE Officer under Moonlight Contracting & Trading Co.
4. Project: Oil and Gas project (Mesaieed) as HSE Officer under Desert Line W.L.L.
EDUCATION
1. Higher National Diploma in Commercial Art
(Textiles and Technology Option)
Takoradi Polytechnic – Ghana
2. Advance Diploma in Chemical Plant Processing Safety & Management
Bharat Sevak Samaj - India
CERTIFICATIONS & LICENSE
Project Management Institute - Project Management Professional
ProQual Level 6 NVQ Diploma in Occupational Health & Safety Practice
Nebosh – IGC in Occupational Health & Safety
Nebosh – Health & Safety Practical Application
Nebosh – Management of International Health & Safety
ISO 9001:2015 Lead Auditor (QMS)
ISO 45001:2018 Lead Auditor (OHSMS)
IOSH – Managing Safely
IOSH – Fire Safety for Managers
LEEA Training – Lifting Supervisor
OSHA – OSHA 30 Hours Construction Health and Safety
High Field Level 3 International Award in Delivering Training
High Field Level 2 International Award in Emergency First Aid at Work (Hand-only CPR)
High Field Level 2 International Award in Control Of Substance Hazardous to Health-COSHH
Advance Project Management
Doha Industrial Safety Services – Control of Substances Hazardous to Health (COSHH)
CCTV – Certified
TECHNICAL SKILLS
MS EXCEL
MS OFFICE
POWER POINT
PRIMEVERA 6
Contact this candidate