Phara Vincent
North Bellmore, NY *****
Mobile: 516-***-****
Email: ad0zuq@r.postjobfree.com

Service-focused social worker and program manager with a strong commitment to serving the needs of disadvantaged youth and adults, including mental health patients and special needs populations. Excel in programs and organizational planning, with documented success in overcoming challenges and motivating staff to provide quality service, and maintaining a high retention rate of clients. Skills in team building and motivational interviewing supervisory sessions.

EXPERIENCE
2017- Present Child Center of New York, Forest Hills, NY
Assistant Program Director
Provide ongoing clinical and administrative supervision and guidance to Case Planners.
Coordinate weekly individual supervision and monthly clinical team meetings.
Review service plans and family records regularly for quality assurance purposes.
Facilitate relationships with participating providers.
Prepare and submit statistical reports as required.
Evaluate staff performance, participate in staff hiring, and oversee disciplinary actions.
Participates in and documents training on a regular basis for all areas/staff when required.
Resolves problems in service provision and conflicts among staff.
Develop and maintain strength-based relationships with other department managers and staff in order to promote proficient communication and teamwork.

2013-2017 Child Center of New York, Jamaica, NY
FFT Therapist
Provided home-based Functional Family Therapy to teenagers and their families.
Participated in weekly consultations as part of the therapy team.
Assisted families by actively referring them to appropriate services and supports.
Assisted families with both clinical and concrete services.

2002-2013 Safe Space, Jamaica, NY
Program Supervisor
Provided ongoing clinical and administrative supervision and guidance to five home visitors.
Coordinated weekly individual supervision.
Reviewed assessments and family records regularly for quality assurance purposes.
Facilitated relationships with participating providers.
Aided Program Manager in the development of training curricula, resource directory, and other program materials.
Participated in hiring, orientation, training, and staff meetings.
Participated in and documented training on a regular basis for all areas/staff when required.
Completed staff appraisals.
Developed and maintained strength-based relationships with other department managers and staff in order to promote proficient communication and teamwork.

2000 - 2002 Safe Space, Jamaica, NY
Case Planner
Managed case records and advocacy services for seventeen (17) families.
Implemented and co-facilitated teenage domestic violence groups.
Provide individual, family, and group counseling for each family.
Responsible for assessing and coordinating the provision of preventive services for each family.
Provide collateral contacts to schools, after-school programs, and daycare.
Prepare case-related documents such as progress reports, plan amendments, risk assessment forms, and group reports.

EDUCATION: Hunter College School of Social Work, New York, May 2010
Master of Social Work

SPECIAL SKILLS:
Extensive knowledge of community services.
Proactive approach to problem-solving and planning.
Proficient in MS Office Applications and the Internet.
Exceptional adaptability and resourcefulness.
Great interpersonal skills.
Fluency in French and Creole.

Certification: Certified Supervisor Solution Based Casework, November 2022
Contact this candidate