AK Amanda Kabat
DuQuoin, Illinois ***** 618-***-**** ad111d@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY
Production management professional knowledgeable about allocating resources, optimizing production and increasing output with hands-on and dedicated approach. Articulate and professional problem-solver with good relationship- building abilities. Proficient in planning and implementing innovative production strategies. Proactive Production Manager successful at anticipating needs and making adjustments to schedules, materials and workflow. Ready to bring expertise to company needing hands-on, knowledgeable and resourceful leader. Multi-talented Production Manager experienced in diverse industrial environments. Profit-motivated collaborator with ingenuity in troubleshooting complex productivity obstacles. Creative leader with motivational supervisory methods. Skilled Production Worker offering 10 years of experience in warehouse and manufacturing environments. Focused on being productive and safety-minded at all times.
SKILLS Manufacturing Processes
Health and Safety Compliance
Corporate Social Responsibility
Adobe Systems Adobe InDesign
Employment Law
Quality Standards
Adobe Systems Adobe Acrobat
Supply Management Expertise
Quality Assurance Controls
Information Confidentiality
Microsoft Outlook
Material Handling Expertise
Email Software
Web Browser Software
Fire Safety Regulations
Customer Support
Supply Chain Management
Microsoft Project
Assembly and Production
OSHA Regulations
Staff Management
Master Scheduling
Microsoft Office
Microsoft Excel
Project Management
Contract Logistics Center
Expertise
Reading Comprehension
Critical Thinking
Operations Management
Judgment and Decision-Making
Performance Evaluations
Inventory Coordination
Time Management
Safety Monitoring
Dedication to Product Quality
Social Perceptiveness
Safety and Sanitation Standards
Facility and Systems Operation
Equipment Operation
Timely Safety Audits
Customer Response
Equipment Monitoring
Conditioning and Quality
Procedure Expertise
Active Listening
Technical Specifications
Materials Management
Quality Inspections
Quality Control Analysis
Cause and Effect Analysis
Train Employees
Manage Schedules
Employee Performance Reviews
Raw Materials Handling
Complex Problem-Solving
Manufacturing Management
Manufacturing
Logistics
WORK HISTORY PRODUCTION MANAGER 10/2022 to CURRENT MPP Group Du Quoin, IL
Resolved issues quickly to maintain productivity goals. Reviewed work for quality and compliance with company standards and design specifications.
Standardized production procedures, job roles, and quality assurance guidelines.
Managed continuous improvement initiatives to drive gains in quality, flow, and output.
Managed internal operational standards and productivity targets. Estimated labor requirements to support anticipated workload. Partnered with leadership on recruiting, hiring and coaching production personnel.
Delivered direct feedback to senior management regarding project visibility and status.
Determined suitable crew requirements, scheduled employees, and worked with human resources to meet changing production schedules. Studied department operations to assist with development of new or improved methods of tooling and production processes. Monitored inventory levels and restocking schedules to avoid production delays from unavailable materials.
Coordinated with other departments to align production with customer requirements.
Evaluated employee performance and provided feedback and training as needed.
Enforced health and safety protocols to promote safe working environment. Prepared and maintained production reports and personnel records. Analyzed production data and prepared reports for senior management. Implemented quality control system to review products against technical specifications and corporate standards.
Trained in and implemented emergency response procedures to protect team members and property.
SHIPPING AND RECEIVING MANAGER 01/2017 to CURRENT
MPP Group Du Quoin, IL
Maintained positive relationships with representatives of UPS, FedEX, USPS, and DHL shipping companies.
Conducted counts and audits of inventories to identify and resolve discrepancies in records.
Operated forklifts, lift trucks, and hand trucks to move items around warehouse.
Prepared shipping documents and invoices, processed payments, and fielded client questions.
Pulled, verified, and packaged items for shipment. Organized storage areas to optimize materials movements and minimize labor hours.
Boosted inventory and recordkeeping accuracy by conducting thorough inspections and comparing shipment contents with documentation. Divided and categorized cargo received and redirected shipments in response to customer requests.
Trained new staff on job duties, company policies, and safety procedures for rapid onboarding.
Coordinated driver dispatch to accomplish daily delivery requirements. Developed and maintained knowledgeable and productive team of employees.
Reduced worker accidents by implementing improved safety standards and monitoring procedures.
Oversaw warehouse staff and maintained efficiency in fast-paced environment.
Tracked production and quality control systems to proactively identify deficiencies.
QUALITY ASSURANCE MANAGER 01/2017 to CURRENT
MPP Group Du Quoin, IL
Performed root cause analysis to identify and resolve quality issues and defects.
Created and maintained quality management systems to align with industry standards.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to develop and implement process and system improvements.
Developed and implemented comprehensive quality assurance plans to monitor product quality and adherence to regulatory standards. Implemented new quality assurance and customer service standards. Monitored staff organization and suggested improvements to daily functionality.
Investigated customer complaints and performed corrective actions to resolve quality issues.
Assessed product quality by monitoring quality assurance metrics, reports and dashboards.
Conducted risk assessments to identify and mitigate potential quality issues.
Recorded, analyzed, and distributed statistical information. Assured consistent quality of production by implementing and enforcing automated practice systems.
Inspected products and worker progress throughout production. Reported production malfunctions to managers and production supervisors.
Worked closely with management teams to plan, develop and execute technical strategies aligned to client's vision.
Played key role in on-going network design, reevaluation and optimization to keep pace with company growth.
Communicated regularly with customers concerning data exchange and technology integration.
EDUCATION High School Diploma 05/2009
Carbondale High School, Carbondale, IL
CERTIFICATIONS Forklift Training - 7 years
Contact this candidate