LOUIE M. REYES

Jacksonville, Florida
Cell: 904-***-**** Email: ad15vr@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY:

Focused Leader and Manager bringing 22 years of experience in day-to-day engineering operations management. Experience delivering successful improvements for engineering operations, shipboard engineering plant programs, and team development. Proficient in operational enhancements, Quality Assurance, Safety improvements and team leadership strategies. Passionate about safety, meticulous in my planning and always work quickly to build a culture within the organization where everyone puts safety above everything else. Cross-functional collaborator well versed in developing successful teams and motivating employees to meet individual and team objectives. Effectively coordinates work across departments to maximize resource utilization and engineering plant sustainability. Enterprising, well-grounded, and proactive demeanor lends well to completing intricate projects on deadline.
CORE COMPETENCIES:
Process improvement strategies multi-unit operations management
Systems implementation Team Building/Leadership
Operational improvements Administrative support
Business operations Safety Supervisor
Policies and procedures implementation Reporting and documentation
Staff training and development Exemplary verbal communications (English and Tagalog)
Solutions development MS Office: Word, Excel, PowerPoint, PDF, and Outlook
CERTIFICATIONS & TRAINING:
●Senior Engineering Plant Program Manager ● NAMTS Gas Turbine Repair
●Quality Assurance Officer ● Safety Officer Course
●Yellow Belt Lean Six Sigma Course ● ETF40B Intermediate Level Maintenance
●OSHA10 ● Engineering Officer of the Watch
●Fuel Officer ● Equal Opportunity Leader Course
●Gas Free Engineer ● Gauge Calibration Program Manager
●LCAC Mechanical Systems Technician
●CPR, First Aid, and AED Certified

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

CTR/Q.E.D. SYSTEMS INC.
Mayport, FL
Planner/ Estimator 08/2023-Present
Responsible for planning, conducting ship checks, writing repair work items/ specifications, and subcontractor work at the paragraph and line-item level for U.S. Navy Ships repair work.
Assess ship’s material condition, researching ships documentations, analyzing ships conditions, and determining scope of work required by reviewing and validating work notifications.
Capable of interpreting and using all technical and material information available in Navy, shipbuilder, manufacturer drawings, technical manuals, documents, or other pertinent data to identify repair and modification requirements and identify price and order materials.
Develop work items/ specifications in accordance with NAVSEA 4-E requirements by utilizing NAVSEA instructions and pertinent standard items, and class and local standard work templates.

UNITED STATES NAVY
Mayport, FL
Senior Engineering Plant Program Manager 05/2016 – 02/2023
Operations Support Activity
●Administers, Manages, and implements 13 shipboard engineering Programs.
●Evaluates the effectiveness of safety programs, operating conditions, maintenance and works with the Engineering Officer to implement identified improvements.
●Responsible for engineering systems and major components external to the propulsion plant.
●Managed an effective Quality Assurance program ensuring proper training for all levels of the QA program. Maintaining current publications including all technical manuals and the Joint Fleet Forces Manual (JFFM). Responsible for verifying and approving any Controlled Work Packages and Formal Work Packages, ensuring all packages from start to completion meet JFFM and Technical Manual requirements.
●Maintains a successful Safety Program which includes Departmental training, mishap investigation and reporting, Safety organizational development, safety equipment maintenance, and operational risk management application.
●Streamlined the Operational SOP, training, and lines of effort, knowledge and judgment were beyond reproach.
●Planned and coordinated with Southeast Regional Maintenance Center (SERMC) with the removal and installation of NR 1 and NR 3 Gas Turbine Generator with zero delays and no mishaps.
●Led executive inspection and audit teams to ensure compliance of all standards and to promote efficient engineering operations and safety utilizing NAVOSH Safety instruction OPNAVINSTA 5100.19F.
●Trained and mentored 5 work centers, 3 junior officers and 23 junior Sailors resulting in 8 advancements and 90% retention.
●Managed Quality Assurance and Safety teams, developing systems and procedures that documented the receipt and transfer of over 23 million gallons of fuel safely resulting in the Command receiving the Energy Conservation Award.
●Developed and implemented standard operating procedures utilizing OPNAVINST 5100.19G to improve the onload and safe storage of Lube Oil, Fuel Oil, and improve environmental practices.
●Planned and coordinated depot repairs to the Main Reduction Gears input shaft Stein Seal ensuring all personnel followed safety regulations and standard operating procedures maintaining operational commitment during sustainment phase.
●Participated in reviewing and improvement of work methods and organizational features.
●Conducted safety inspections prior to any training events. Identifying and correcting hazards and potential hazards ensuring 100% safe to train complying with NAVOSH (Navy Occupational Safety and Health) and OPNAVINST 5100.19F
●Coordinated with subordinate assessors to conduct 800 material assessment checks with a 100% completion rate.
● Diversity: values differences as strengths, fosters an atmosphere of acceptance/ inclusion.
●Seamlessly tailors’ leadership to each Sailor’s strengths, weaknesses, and goals to maximize mission effectiveness.

UNITED STATES NAVY
Little Creek, Virginia
Leading Chief Petty Officer 02/2013 to 05/2016
Quality Assurance and Safety Officer
●Responsible for the training readiness, health, welfare, and morale of ACU4 personnel.
●Provided guidance to the workforce, commercial contractor, supported units, and command structure concerning policies, plans, requirements, and objectives of ACU4 Repair Department.
●Prepared training for prospective Quality Assurance Officers and Supervisors to ensure proper knowledge and procedures necessary to implement Fleet and Type Commander policies related to the Quality Assurance Program.
●Facilitated 25 hours of Safety training for junior Sailors to familiarize them with the Naval Occupational Safety and Health Program and Safety Manual OPNAVINST 5100.23G.
●Mentored 16 subordinates into an empowered team that completed 14 Gas Turbine Bulletin 10/14 stator vane upgrades and four Gas Turbine Change-14 3rd stage stator replacements.
●Developed and led departmental improvement programs such as Risk Assessments, Mishap Reports, Hearing Conservation, and Hazmat usage and storage.
●Supervised and mentored 10 Junior Officers and 80 junior Sailors resulting in the advancement of 20 personnel and 100% retention rate within the department.
●Coordinated 10 Auxiliary Power Unit (APU) 500hr inspections and eight Gas Turbine Bulletin-6 4th stage nozzle inspections ensuring all components are still operational for mission success.
●Provided oversight and direction during the installation of 48 Gas Turbine Change-9 and Gas Turbine Change-10 ensuring all SOP, QA, and Safety procedures were implemented.
●Facilitated 30 hours of Gas Turbine Engine training resulting in 39 subordinates advancing to the next paygrade.
●Supervised 20 Sailors in the safe execution of 30 propeller refurbishments increasing the longevity of the blades and saving the command 45 million dollars.
●Ensured 3M maintenance program was in compliance with the Department of the Navy regulations and adhered to the Navy Occupational Safety and Health Program.
●Coordinated and supervised 42 Propeller hydraulic operational tests and static balances saving 1.5 million in contractor cost.
●Developed trackers and monthly reporting systems for stock equipment, resulting in reduced downtime of inoperable equipment.
Contact this candidate