Monzurul Karim
DETROIT, MICHIGAN
Phone: 313-***-****) Email: ad16up@r.postjobfree.com

Objective:
Six years of Software Quality Assurance experience in all phases of Software product development including Requirement Analysis, Test Planning, Testing, Defect Tracking and Reporting, another 6 years of warehouse operation. Looking to obtain a position as an operation supervisor or software analyst where I can utilize my skills and a run an establishment as required by facility constitution.

Professional Work Experiences:
MT & R LLC– Detroit, MI March 2017 – Current
Project: Operations Supervisor

Responsibilities:
Direct the daily activity of 10 to 15 Floor Staff.
Assure goods received on behalf of our customer are accurately entered into us
Warehouse Management System (WMS).
Direct staff to store goods in the proper locations, making sure the locations are scanned into the WMS.
Distribute orders to pull product for outbound shipments. Orders must be pulled according to priority.
Verify that goods pulled for orders are correct and quantities are accurate.
Direct staff to load goods when carriers arrive.
Cycle count parts on hand as directed by Customer Service or Operations Manager.
Navigate WMS or Customer's SAP system to verify orders, receipts or on hand inventory.
Submit a daily shift summary to Operations Manager and dayshift floor management.
Report any equipment in need of repair.
Train new staff members.
Demonstrate leadership skills to employees to overcome unexpected objectives.
Ensure execution of daily operations within the team.
Accountable for service delivery, supervision, guidance, and discipline of team members.
Solve/respond to customer problems in a timely manner.
Ensure that work performed according to standards, policies, procedures, processes, and safe practices.
Drive and manage change.
Take appropriate actions that foster a union- free work environment.
Consistently work to support grow of the company's culture.
Manage operation while following OSHA guidelines and regulations.

General Motors (GM) – Detroit, MI March 2017 – Dec 2018
Project: Onstar Infotainment Testing

Responsibilities:

Dealt with Verification & Validation of Automotive In-Vehicle Infotainment software
Assembling infotainment bench with different components like TCP, CSM, CGM, BCM, Amplifiers, ICs, Clusters.
Performed bench testing. This includes setting up bench by upgrading bench with new build, writing VIN in the bench using Neo-VI tool, updating respective CALOVERRIDE files, setting up TCP & VCP by enrolling it, configuring bench with TCP/VCP using CAN tool and data base setup
Performed test in real vehicle on Infotainment and OnStar features like Automatic Crash Response, Emergency Services, Crisis Assist, Roadside Assistance, Stolen Vehicle Assistance, Remote ignition block, Stolen vehicle slowdown, Turn-by-Turn Navigation, ODD, Bluetooth, OnStar Vehicle Diagnostics, WIFI Hotspot, Advanced diagnostics, vehicle services (Door lock, Door Unlock, Hands-Free Calling, Remote Horn & Lights), smart driver, Alexa
Performed phone projection testing with infotainment systems such as Android auto and Apple car play.
Good hands-on experience in Vehicle spy(Write VIN to BCM), CAN tool(Configuring TCP, Trouble shooting TCPs), DPS(Reading info from CSM, Calibrating bench)
Performing production testing on vehicle and supporting ride events
Involved in all phases of software testing life cycle: Requirement analysis, Test Strategy creation, Test Plan creation, Test case creation, Test case execution

Sun Trust Bank – Atlanta, GA October 2015 – Nov 2016
Project: Sun Trust Bank provides financial services including personal banking, mortgages and Equity loans, Investment banking, wealth management, business and insurance services. I was assigned to work with Sun Trust “Online Banking Application” which provides fast, easy, secure way to manage client’s accounts. As a QA Analyst, I am responsible for a robust, bug free, well-functioning application for our clients.
Responsibilities:
Analyze the business requirements and developed test cases based on Use Cases to evaluate the functionalities.
Responsible for implementing effective quality assurance processes and practices.
Manage weekly meetings with the QA team to obtain status, gather innovative ideas for continuous process improvements and delegate work load.
Collaborate with Business System Analysts and internal stakeholders to create test scenarios.
Attend use case and technical specifications review sessions with product and architecture teams to provide feedback in the elaboration phase.
Develop test plans outlining the scope, approach, schedule, resources and deliverables.
Design and develop Test Scenario/Test Cases/Test steps for various Business Services/ methods covering both positive and negative testing requirements.
The projects followed Agile methodology, where developers, users and testers worked together to create stories (individual features of a project), document requirements by interviews and analysis.
Wrote story narratives, functional & non-functional system requirements.
Perform Manual Testing of web-based and client-server applications and used HP ALM for test management.
Extensively use HP ALM for creating and documenting Test Plans and Test Cases and register the expected results.
Configure HP ALM with MS Excel to export Requirements and Test Cases.
Extensively use Toad to access and manipulate Oracle 10/11G database and validated basic back-end testing.
Execute automated test scripts to perform Regression Testing using HP Unified Functional Testing (UFT).
Involve in Meetings/Walkthrough with various teams as required for better understanding the business requirement, software specification, and development process flow at various.
General Motors (GM) – Detroit, MI March 2014 – October2015
Project:Started working as a System Test Analyst II for the General Motors OnStar Europe Application.I was responsible to performed various types of testing onGM OnStar Europe project, which the application will be used for All (GM) European cars. OnStar Corporation is a subsidiary of General Motors that provides subscription-based communications, in-vehicle security, hands-free calling, turn-by-turn navigation, and remote diagnostics systems throughout the United States, Canada, China, Mexico, Europe, Brazil, and Argentina.
Responsibilities:
Analyzed the Business, Functional Requirements and Streamlined the Testing Activities.
Tested the application in cross browser and cross OS to check application compatibility.
Tested (IHU) Infotainment Head Unit.
Performed tests for Functionality, GUI, End to End, System and Backend Testing.
Generated and executed Test cases and maintained Test Matrix.
Utilized ALM test management tool to create and run manual test cases and as well as generate daily status reports.
Wrote Basic select SQL queries for Backend Database testing using TOAD.
Created detailed bug reports and tracked defects using ALM
Compatibility Testing includes testing the functionality of the application on Windows XP/VISTA/7 and Cross Browsers testing using IE 8/9/10, Firefox, Google Chrome, and Safari.
Attended and participated in daily Scrum Meeting, defect scrub meeting and project overview meeting.
Retested defects after every fix that was deployed in the Testing environment.
Tested the application in IOS and Android Mobile platform on a physical device after every new build was deployed.
Participated to train newly hired employees to provide an overview of the functional areas of OnStar Project.

Comerica Bank – Auburn Hills, MI July 2012 – November 2013
Project:Started working as a System Test Analyst for Comerica BankMortgage Warehouse Lending project. The application is primarily used for clients facing foreclosure and is in need of loan re-modification. I was responsible to perform a various types testing for the application as well as worked as a member of the UAT testing team.Comerica has been committed to the warehouse lending business for over 50 years. Comerica lenders understand the importance of a strong relationship based on trust and responsiveness. Regardless of the size, Comerica can tailor a warehouse line of credit that works for the client – from your first warehouse line up to and including syndicated facilities.Comerica Mortgage Banker Finance Group offers an array of customized services designed exclusively for residential mortgage bankers. We excel in delivering a financial package of both credit and non-credit services.
Responsibilities:
Analyzed Business Requirements Specifications (BRS), System Requirement Specifications (SRS), System Design, Test Planning and defining Test Scenarios/Test Cases.
Used Clear Case to review and analyze documents by checking out and checking in documents from certain repository.
Performed Progression, Regression and Back End Testing.
Performed Functionality,Progression, Regression, Security, GUI, End to End, System and Backend Testing of application.
Generated and executed Test plans, Test cases and maintained test matrix.
Utilized Pro-Merit (exclusively used by Comerica) test management tool to create and run manual test cases and as well as generate daily status reports.
Updated the test set path in Metrics and master regression suites in Quality Center.
Analyzed test results using reports and graphs generated in Quality Center.
Worked with Business Analysts and Testers for Business Rules test case development.
Created, modified and maintained Test Scenarios and Test Cases using Business Rules and written basic SQL queries to support the testing effort and created expected results in MS excel.
Written basic SQL queries to pull the data from database and compare Source and Target system data by executing SQL scripts using TOAD.
Performed system test release manual execution for SIR 4.0 Release.
Executed automated test scripts using Automation tool HP Quick Test Professional QTP).
Created detailed bug reports and tracked defects using Track Record
Attended weekly Recurring Team Meeting, DB reports Meeting, Daily Checkpoint Meetings as well as Knowledge Transfer sessions.
Tested the application in cross browser and cross OS to check application compatibility.
Attended and participated in daily scrum, defect and project overview meetings.

PNC bank – Pittsburgh, PA November 2009 – March 2011
Application QA Tester
Project:PNC adapted many policies and added new features to their client server application. As an Application Tester I checked the new functionalities of the application and make sure they are working properly with the previous ones.
Responsibilities:
Analyzed the Business, Functional Requirements and Streamlined the Testing Activities.
Developed Test Plans, Test Scenarios, and Detailed Test Cases based on the Business Requirements and Functional Specifications.
Performed tests for Functionality, GUI, End to End, System and Backend.
Creating baseline Excel Template for manual test case flow.
Conducted Knowledge transferring sessions to the new resources for complete understanding of the application.
Worked with technical staff to validate test requirements, resolve design issues and software defects.
Performed testing on mobile platform to check limited mobile functionality of the application
Reported and traced defects during testing phase using Bugzilla and Jira
Attended and conducted Test Case review meetings.

EDUCATION:
Bachelor in Computer Science
Contact this candidate