L U I S V A Z Q U E Z
ad184g@r.postjobfree.com 917-***-****
Impassioned professional dedicated to the enhancement and protection of both worker and public safety. I possess over 10 years of proven managerial experience, effective bilingual communication, quality assurance specialization, client relation retention and satisfaction, and adherence to both national and state-mandated regulations.
Professional Experience
Qualified Person for Site Safety
BSI SOLUTIONS. August 2023 – Present
● 1080 Amsterdam Ave, NY and 505 East 79st, NY Projects
● Acted as Qualified Safety Professional on Facade projects, including site orientations, safety management of work, safety meetings, inspection of scaffold and paperwork.
● Reviewed subcontractor safety program to assure compliance with project Owners Control Insurance Program and loss control program safety standards, and ensured subcontractor training and certification.
● Conducted orientations, pre task, safety tool box talk.
● Ensured PPE and equipment compliance by all personnel, including safety of adjoining structures and pedestrians.
● Performed Contractor Orientations/Tool Box Talk and general safety meetings with contractors, subcontractors, owners, and other construction personnel.
● OSHA and chapter 33 regulations.
Safety Supervisor
TMC SAFETY LCC May 2023 — November 2023
● MTA Project
● LIRR Train Station Rehabilitation (Daytime and Nighttime)
● Conducted orientations, pre task, safety tool box talk with subcontractors under OSHA regulations.
● Performed Contractor Orientations/Tool Box Talk and general safety meetings with contractors, subcontractors, owners, and other construction personnel. Construction Fire Safety Manager
Menotti Enterprise Inc January 2023 – March 2023
● Javits Center Project (Nighttime)
● 111 Water St, NY Project
● Enforced construction safeguards as related to FDNY chapter 14 and chapter 8.
● Fire safety construction alteration.
● NFRA 241 plan
● Preventing or minimizing fire damage to structures including those in underground locations.
● Reviewed and assisted in creation of safe work plans. Safety Coordinator and Construction Fire Safety Manager TT Mechanical Corp. October 2021 – December 2022
● Madison Avenue Project
● Conducted orientations, pre task, safety tool box talk with subcontractors under OSHA regulations.
● Enforced construction safeguards as related to FDNY chapter 14 and chapter 8.
● Fire safety construction alteration.
Site Safety Consultant
Safety MR 360/Structure Tone, March 2021—September 2021
● Apple Project - Interior Renovation (Penn 11, NY)
● Enforced construction safeguards as related to OSHA, NYC DOB chapter 33 and 14, FDNY, and various city, state and federal rules and regulations.
● Safety management of construction sites, analyzed construction projects to identify and evaluate physical conditions, safety practices, hazardous situations and compliance with established safety rules and regulations.
● Responsible for site-specific safety orientation, including development and implementation of weekly safety meetings.
● Ensured PPE and equipment compliance by all personnel, including safety of adjoining structures and pedestrians.
● Performed Contractor Orientations/Tool Box Talk and general safety meetings with contractors, subcontractors, owners, and other construction personnel.
● Submitted and reviewed Job Hazard Analysis dependent on contractors and subcontractors planned activities.
● Reviewed and assisted in creation of safe work plans. Construction Fire Safety Manager
BSI Services & Solutions, February 2020 – January 2021
● Served as CSFSM for Leeding Builders Group LLC’s renovation of 301 1st Avenue New School Project.
● Performed daily site-specific inspection of 42 story building.
● Performed daily inspection of Standpipe/Issue Hot Work Permits.
● NYC DOB chapter 33 and 14,
● Managed production and produced look ahead reports.
● Performed Standpipe testing.
● Worked alongside associated trades to create a safe working environment.
● Mitigated risk by implementing hazard eliminating measures. Safety Supervisor, Coordinator
Schear Construction, February 2011 – January 2020
● Conducted pre-task meetings and tool box talks at regular intervals.
● Conducted orientations, pre-task meetings, & tool box talks with respect to OSHA & Chapter 33 regulations.
SKILLS & CERTIFICATIONS
● DOB Approved 40 Hour Site Safety Mngr.
● DOB Site Safety Supervisor
● DOB Construction Supervisor
● DOB 8hr Refresher Site Safety Manager
● 62-Hour Site Safety Supervisor
● 32-Hour OSHA Construction Safety and Health
● 16-Hour Suspended Scaffold User
● 32-Hour Suspended Scaffold Supervisor
● DOB 8 hr Refresher Suspended Scaffold Superv
● 32-Hour Supported Scaffold Supervisor
● 4-Hour Flagger
● S-56 Construction Fire Safety Manager
● S-92 Supervision of Portable Fueled Space Heaters at Construction Sites
● F-01 Certificate of Fitness for Citywide Fire Guard For Impairment
● G-60 Torch Operator
● F-60 Fire Guard for Torch Operations
● E-21 CoF of Powder Actuated Tools Proficient
● Asbestos Supervisor Certification
● AMPP C-3 Supervisor/Competent Person training
for the deleading of Industrial Structures
● Lead Awareness Course
● MTA LIRR Roadway Worker Protection Training
Course
Contact this candidate