Diana M. Soriano
Tobyhanna, PA ***** 401-***-****
www.linkedin.com/in/diana-soriano ad18oa@r.postjobfree.com

Operations Project Manager
Maximize Workflow through Continuous Improvement Practices

Strategic production and project manager with expertise overseeing daily operations in manufacturing. Critical thinker with proven success managing multiple project simultaneously in challenging and high-stress environments. Utilize expert communication and interpersonal skills to lead and build operational teams.
Core Competencies:
Supply Chain Management BOM Validations Production Scheduling Budget Management
Quality Assurance

Professional Experience

MENASHA PACKAGING CORP. (Tobyhanna / Lebanon locations) 2018 - 2023
Operations Project Manager
Supervised and trained project management and planning staff. Served as senior liaison between production and sales management and between client’s (J&J) Trade Customization Procurement staff and MPC upper management staff. Coordinated with sales project management, quality assurance and production to ensure on time deliveries while utilizing continuous improvement practices.
Attended weekly production meetings with shipping and inventory teams, informing client of programs’ progress from materials inbounding, displays completion, and shipping.
Oversaw raw materials, expediting purchases and coordinating material movements from sister manufacturing plants and outside suppliers.
Validated BOM, setting up and maintaining material masters, obsoleting materials, and completing programs within SAP while coordinating with Master Data Team.
Implemented processes for materials disposition, tracking and writing off material / scrap values.
Assisted in management and coordination of location (Tobyhanna) shutdown and (Lebanon) start-up, arranging material movement and tracking.
Maintained sales orders, coordinating and tracking open quotes for materials, tooling and pricing updates with client and obtaining price corrections.

EVS METAL (Electronic Vision Systems - PA Division), East Stroudsburg, PA 2013 - 2018
General Manager
Controlled order processing, invoicing, purchasing of tooling, and raw materials for 165K sq ft location. Scheduled and led all aspects of shop floor production, including: 10-20-person staff, 4M watt laser, 2500-watt laser, (5) Turret presses, Amada Vipros, (7) press brakes, (3) OBI stamping presses, weld shop, packaging, assembly and shipping, as well as fabrication of CRS, stainless steel and aluminum.
Created single and complex multi-level BOMs and coordinated with other locations (ISO 9001 certified facilities), accurately estimating and expediting purchases, making domestic and international shipping arrangements.

Diana M. Soriano ad18oa@r.postjobfree.com Page Two

EVS METAL (Continued)
Sub-contracted metal finishing, including powder coating, electro-plating and anodizing, adhering to project deadlines.
Increased production levels from 45K per month to 145-200K per month by maintaining working production schedule and ensuring on-time deliveries.
Implemented processes for QA and QC tracking, ensuring high-quality product delivery.

VISUAL CREATIONS, INC., Pawtucket, RI / Providence Wire 2009 - 2013
Project Manager
Assisted coordination of opening new metal / wire manufacturing Plant. Estimated costs of wire and metal displays, display components, manufactured material, such as wood, plastic, graphics, die cuts, extrusions, and injection molded parts. Oversaw projects from design to shipping. Created singe-level and multi-level bills of materials. Assisted in installation of in-house training and start-up of ERP system.
Purchased raw materials, expediting purchases and arranging shipping.
Directed manufacturing departments and supervisors, overseeing internal and external powder coating processes and sub-contracting of electo-plating.

Previous Relevant Experience

ACME PLASTICS, W. Paterson NJ, Project Manager
Estimated costs and supervised manufacturing in all aspects of pop display fixtures in steel, plastics, wood, and associated graphics. Purchased raw and packaging material and coordinated with vendors. Controlled quality and production rates. Led mass mailings and roll-out shipping of finished goods to retail stores and distribution centers.

ALTWELL, INC, Totowa, NJ, Production Manager
Supervised manufacturing of Point-of-Purchase displays and store fixtures from inception to shipping. Estimated cost of materials, labor operations, and trafficking. Scheduled shop-floor work orders. Coordinated all labor, materials, and outside operations including internal freight and messenger services.

Technical Skills

SAP, Excel, Microsoft Word, Mass-90, AccountMate, Global Shop Solutions, Windows-Pro, XP, 07, 8 & 10, MIEtrak Solutions, Citrix (Navision), ProPlus & Fusion
Some knowledge of Solid works & Cad
Read and interpret blueprints, tape measure, micrometer, and caliper
Contact this candidate