Liliya Bojkova
Chelmsford, MA *****
ad1fuv@r.postjobfree.com / 978-***-****
https://www.linkedin.com/in/liliya-bojkova-86029a3/
Objectives
To obtain a challenging project management position in a dynamic organization that values quality assurance, and that will utilize my skills and expertise to ensure timely and efficient delivery of projects.
Summary
Dynamic and motivated, result-driven Project Manager with over 7 years’ experience in managing complex HR software projects from initiation to closure. Proven experience with coordinating cross-functional teams and delivering high-quality results.
Possesses a strong background in quality assurance, adept at ensuring project quality, meeting customer expectations and managing stakeholder relationships. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with a focus on continuous improvement and efficiency.
Highly skilled in: Facilitation, Collaboration, Empathetic Listening, Effective Communication
Deep experience in: Quality Testing, Project Management, Process Improvements
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Software / Code: SQL Quality Analyzer, Visual Studio, Microsoft Office 365, Outlook, Notes, Share Point (& other file-system like Drive, Box), Slack, Jira, Aha, Azure DevOps Boards, Quality Center, IBM Engineering Workflow Management (RTC), Microsoft Test Manager (MTM), HTML, XML, JSON, Video Conferencing (Zoom, Webex, Teams).
Testing: Ad-hoc, Functional, Regression, Localization, Brower combability, Responsive, 3rd Party Integration (e.g . Background check, Assessments, Social Media), Usability (UXD/UI), Test Planning and Execution, Requirements Analysis.
General: SaaS, Agile / Scrum Methodologies, Waterfall, Critical / Design Thinking, Process Improvement, Team Leadership
EXPERIENCE
Release Project Manager Oct. 2021 – Jun. 2023
Infinite Computer Solutions
Conduct monthly / weekly release readiness meetings
Monitor project progress and provide weekly updates to Sr. Leadership on high visibility client projects
Create and update user stories and business rules, collaborate on user experience and interface design
Meet directly with early adopter clients, to review, discuss the new projects requirements
Lead and execute feature testing projects including client reported issues
Participate in coordinating and testing the Cloud migration project
Release Project Manager Apr. 2016 – Sept. 2021
IBM
Successfully led cross-functional teams including developers, testers and stakeholders to ensure timely and quality project deliverables
Collaborated with Product Owners to define project scope, developed release plans, and monitored progress against milestones
Implemented Agile methodologies, including daily stand-up meetings, sprint planning, sprint reviews, and retrospectives, to ensure transparency and collaboration across the team.
Create and maintain project plans, schedules and monitor project progress against them
Primary QA capacity planner, working with cross functional team to prioritize and schedule projects
Prepared and presented monthly status reports for the Executive team
Conducted monthly / weekly release readiness review meetings
Facilitated daily stand-up meetings for internal and client facing projects
Configured and managed Dashboards
Contributed to the design and implementation of a comprehensive defect tracking system using Rational Team Concert (RTC) that improved defect identification, prioritization, and resolution processes, leading to a 30% reduction in defect backlogs and increased efficiency across the development lifecycle.
Principal Software Quality Engineer Dec. 2012 – Mar. 2016
IBM
Developed and executed comprehensive test plans, test cases for complex TAS system, ensuring complete coverage and adherence to product requirements
Collaborated closely with development teams, product managers, and stakeholders to establish a culture of quality throughout the organization, emphasizing early defect detection and prevention
Co-led all readiness evaluations for releases
Contributed to the creation of new release strategies and procedures used for approving deployments into client facing environments
Lead new development for client requested projects
Facilitated daily scrum meetings for internal and client projects
Coordinated and participated in the Final Approval for deploying to client facing environments
Quality Engineer New Development Nov. 2006 – Nov. 2012
Kenexa
Assisted in developing and executing test plans, test cases to ensure software quality and functionality
Contributed to estimation of work and created test plan that aligned with project deliverables
Quality Engineer Production Support Apr. 2006 – Oct. 2006
BrassRing LLC
Assisted in troubleshooting and resolving defects reported by customers
Performed regression testing to validate software changes and ensure backward compatibility
Collaborated with development teams to understand requirements and provide input on design and implementation decisions
Process Support Specialist Dec. 1999 – Mar. 2006
BrassRing LLC
Performed Software Quality Assurance – including verification, regression, smoke tests
Performed Software Production Support
Worked with development team toward resolution of software problems and understanding features and issues of new releases
Supported cross-training by sharing knowledge and information with teammates
EDUCATION / CERTIFICATIONS
Scrum Master Apr. 2018
Scrum Fundamentals Certified (SCRUM Study) Nov. 2017
Computer Programmer Certificate - Northeastern University Sept. 2004 – May 2006
Master of Chemical Engineering Sept. 1986 – Sept. 1991
University of Chemical Technology and Metallurgy, Sofia - Bulgaria
Contact this candidate