BHAVESH SUTHAR
Sutharvada jogpur, post-chitri, Teh-Galiyakot, Dist-dungarpur (Raj) 314035
ad1kq6@r.postjobfree.com 919*********
**/**/****
in https://www.linkedin.com/in/Bhavesh-Suthar -881109171 CAREER OBJECTIVE
Seeking a challenging position in an organization where I can use my talents and skills to grow and expand the organization and myself.
EXPERIENCE
EDUCATION
SKILLS
Experience working as a tester or in a similar position. manual testing and automation testing -selenium web driver, JUnit,TestNG. profound experience with manual quality assurance testing procedures. Extension knowledge of software test life cycle (STCL), and software development life cycle (SDLC). understanding of regression testing.
Excellent communication skills.
knowledge of testing software such as Asana and Jira tools. Registration testing, retesting, sanity testing, integration testing, cross-browser testing/plat from, web and mobile application testing. SQL, Javascript, Java, HTML
PROJECTS
cellone network
software testing engineer
Software testing
Review requirements specifications and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback. Perform thorough regression testing when bugs are resolved. Create tests to identify software problems.
Analyze
jan2019 - Aug2019
GSC technology pvt ltd
Software testing engineer
QA Engineer
Create test plans, requirements, scenarios, and test data for use during testing. All responsibilities of test planning.
Updating project manager regularly about the progress of testing activities. Develop test cases and prioritize testing activities. Prepare the status reports of testing activities.
dec 2019 - dec2022
RBSE
Secondary Education
56%
2010
RSOS(OPEN)
Senior Secondary Education
52%
2013
MLS UNIVERSITY UDAIPUR
BCA
70%
2017
MEFGI, RAJKOT
MCA
6.60 CGPA
2019
Paytm automation
We have to automate Paytm.
We also do a payment gateway.
Language: java
Tools: selenium Eclipse
INTERESTS
I have an interest in software quality assurance and design. ACTIVITIES
MU-Fast - (group dance), Awa- Workshops(1 day), Asp.net - workshop (3 day), Android - students empowerment workshop. PERSONAL STRENGTHS
PERSONAL PROFILE
DECLARATION
Signature:
Bhavesh Suthar
Responsibilities :
Participating in preparing test plans.
Functionality testing, smoke & sanity testing on different browsers. Cross-browser testing on Windows and Mac environments. Performing initial test sessions and bug reporting in the Zoho tool. Weekly status reports and meetings.
Responsible for preparing daily status reports.
Vishwakarma Building material
In this management system, we can manage the entire construction building translation, staff, and customer details. Language: HTML, PHP
Database: MySQL
Quick learner
Easily adjust to the environment
Teamwork
smart work
hard working
Date of birth: 31/07/1994
Marital status: single
Nationality: Indian
Known Language: Hindi, English, Gujarati
Hobby: Travelling, meeting new people, socially active, bike race I have by declare that all the above-mentioned mentioned information given by me is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Contact this candidate