Paul J. Enriquez
Stockton, CA
ad1mko@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY
Superintendent /Projects Manager with more than 15 years of experience in commercial and government facility projects as well as Residential Home Building,
MultiFamily and Modular School Projects DSA Projects K-12 Community Colleges Medical Clinics

SKILLS
Project Schedule: Careful and effective coordination of resources with precise calculation of project phases, man-hours, and transition timing for cost-efficient planning. Accomplished in maximizing available skills and expertise among crews
Construction Management: Correct interpretation of blueprints and clear direction to crews on specs. Consistent communication with management, site supervisors, contractors, and crew to meet project requirements, deadlines, and customer expectations. Detailed documentation of job orders, service orders, change orders, crew assignments, and man-hours for clean daily logs.
Supervision & Labor Relations: Successful management and motivation of up to 150 workers at a time. Clear interpretation of company policies and consistent enforcement of work/safety rules and regulations. Accurate calculation of hours and careful completion of timecards.
Quality Assurance: Regular site inspections and scrutiny in meeting job specs and requirements before final site walks.
Safety: Continuous safety training and daily crew meetings on job status and safety conditions.
Excellent record with OSHA safety inspections on job sites.
Computer Skills & Technical Knowledge: MS Office (Word, Excel), MS Project, RS Means, QMSIT, Success Factors
Understanding of Work Breakdown Structures and SOV (Schedule of Value).
Experience managing MEP sub-contractors on large retrofit/renovation construction work

EXPERIENCE
Empire Construction
Superintendent
Mar 2021 to Sept 2023
Oversaw the demo of Hometown Buffet and built the (Olive Garden) in its place.
Oversee daily operations.
Quality control with manpower.
Scheduled subcontractors
Review plans and submit RFIs also
Drywall metal stud oversee plans and build on daily schedule K-12 DSA
implement safety programs.

Katerra Construction Inc.
Superintendent
Jan2019 – Jan2021
Contract value $75 million
Reynolds Ranch 164 units of senior living
Senior community / multi-family podium builds
Superintendent on site managing all sub and trouble-shooting Drywall metal stud oversee plans and build on daily schedule
phases of construction along with managing real-time wall setting I am responsible for day-to-day manpower along with RFI’s and shipment of day-to-day material on a senior living project in Lodi, CA.

Silicone Sage Construction
Head Superintendent
Jan2018-July2019
Oversee sub- contractor daily report
Oversaw inspections
65 million in project podium builds started
Drywall and frame on
De Anza Community college DSA

American Modular Systems
Project Manager
August 2015 - December 2017
$25 mil per Contracted Season
Managed modular school building which was done seasonally. DSA schedule union and nonunion projects
Working on a modular school building project of $750,000 – $850,000 and managing multiple projects for Elementary, Junior High, and High School for DSA SCUSD.
Work with subcontractors and architects in any item change orders, submitting RFIs, and pulling permits as needed. Set up the site for cranes and deliveries.

Wolverine Services/Akima LLC
On-Site Senior Estimator/Projects Manager
May 2006- August 2015
Tracy and Sharpe Defense Depot San Joaquin County California - Contract DLA/DOD
Security Clearance Required
Accurately identifying all required materials, labor, equipment, personnel, and other project resources based on the scope of work. Developed project schedules and schedule updates. Managed project budgets determined the use of contractors/subcontractors and kept projects on schedule. Sourced and developed relationships with service/equipment vendors and suppliers. Solicited and selected bid proposals after scoping project work. Met strict approval process requirements of 3-5 estimates per scope of work each project had to have 5 estimates per trade. using only prevailing wage labor and USA-made production resources. Managed two project sites simultaneously. Drywall metal stud oversee plans and build on daily schedule
Oversaw day-to-day operations including service orders, scheduling of Materials, equipment, and crews, supervision, and subcontractor coordination. Coordinated 10 to 15 jobs at a time with values of $250k 25 million yr. each.

Pacific Pride Communities LLC, Modesto, CA
Superintendent
Aug 2004- April 2006 $10 Million
Multi-family Senior living Semi-Custom Homes
Scheduled construction projects for hundreds of homes in several developments. Oversaw project phases and details from start to finish, conducting daily job walks and promptly responding to issues. Supervised 1012 subcontractors at a time, each with five-man work crews. Traveled up and down California’s Central Valley to keep projects on track.
Modesto Junior college DSA
Drywall and framing along with Mep’s

ACCOMPLISHMENTS:
Corrected major scheduling errors for own site and sites of seven other superintendents, ensuring seamless flow of project phases and saving costs in delays and rework.
Selected to support QA (quality assurance) on multiple sites after completing own projects well ahead of schedule and under budget.
Identified construction defects and held subcontractors accountable for making repairs, saving the company $3M and ensuring quality completion of 250 homes in 6 different developments.
Recruited on recommendation from Sun Crest Homes.

Sun Crest Homes INC., Antioch, CA
June 2002 August 2006
Assistant Superintendent
Custom Homes and Semi-Custom Homes
Ran backend construction and oversaw all pickup crews (sheetrock, drywall, plumbing, electrical, etc.). Managed job sites and supervised work crews of skilled and semiskilled labor. Helped save money by serving as an in-house appliance installer.

ACCOMPLISHMENTS:
Completed a $12.5M project under budget and six months ahead of schedule.
Mastered project scheduling by multi-tasking project details and managing multiple subcontractors.
Developed an exceptional understanding of project timing and transitions from one trade to the next.
Regularly receive bonuses for producing cost savings through efficient project scheduling.
Maintained a reliable record of zero rework or issues on buyer walks.

EDUCATION
Construction Management Technology: Certificate (1993)
Certificate, Carpenters Union Apprentice Program (1989)
LICENSURE
Contractor’s License #949412 (General Class B): Contractors State License (2010)
Contact this candidate