Michael Lyubarov
Brooklyn, NY *****
***/***-**** • ad1q05@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/michael-lyubarov-59a24b19/

IT SQA PROFESSIONAL

Seasoned Systems and Quality Assurance manager with over 25 years of IT SQA experience. For the past 10 years working as a head of SQA department for one of the leaders in the field of Medical Cost Management. Responsible for introduction and utilization of automated testing practices including automated regression and Stress and Performance testing. Introduced and implemented a designated End to End testing program designed to support integrated implementation strategy. Extensive experience in Web and Client Server environments as well as, MQSeries/MQSI for Message Brokering, Web Services and Citrix based applications, including development tools, databases and utilities. Strong understanding of client server, Web Services, Mobile and distributed computing applications, as well as hardware installation, maintenance, and troubleshooting. Understanding of Cloud based infrastructure and Cloud testing. Experience in testing of Salesforce applications. Extensive experience in managing onshore and offshore testing teams. Led transition to agile methodology for multiple SQA teams.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

JIRA, Microsoft SQL, ORACLE, MS Access, Azur, Crystal Reporting, Selenium, TestComplete, Cobol, JCL, WinRunner 5.01 /6.0 LoadRunner 7, Test Director, SQA 6.0/6.1, Visual Basic 5.0, HTML, DREAMWEAVER, MQSeries/MQSI, Vignettte, JAVA, SOAP UI, SonarQube, Confluence, Selenium, Tricentis
Knowledge, Abilities & Skills:
Operations Monitoring Manual QA Testing Agile/Scrum Methodology DevOps UAT QA Methodologies & Standards Waterfall/SDLC Methodologies System Integration and Regression Testing Smoke Testing Ad-Hoc Testing Risk Based Testing Automated Testing Test Plan Development Product Optimization Ad-Hoc Reports Process Improvement Best Practice Implementation Strategic Planning Budget Planning Data Analysis & Interpretation Relationship Management Coordination Off and On-shore Resource Augmentation Team Leadership

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Qualitest Inc, New York, NY 7/2023-12/2023
Program Test Manager/ Consultant
Provided dedicated overarching Program Test Management
1st Point of escalation for all testing risks and issues
Initial Planning of engagement
Created Test Approach and Test Strategy documents
Agree & confirm testing framework(s) and guidelines.
Provided Program Test Management and oversight from client's perspective.
Conducted an initial assessment of the program plan with a view on QA best practice, validate assumptions and refine plan to ensure delivery success
Ensured that the team is working towards the successful completion of testing, on-time, and in line with the obligations outlined in this Statement of Work.
Working in conjunction with client assigned Project Manager to ensure clear stakeholder management across the program.
Day to day status meetings, progress tracking, and the management of issues and risks

Multiplan Inc, New York, NY 12/2005-09/2022
Director - IT SQA
Managed SQA organization consisting of over 50 testers.
Responsible for tool evaluation and introduction of Selenium based automated functional as well as stress and performance testing practices.
Responsible for creation and configuration of Regression and Staging environments.
Responsible for contributing to budget planning of SQA department.
Managed an offshore augmentation program, allowing to maintain the same high level of quality while driving down cost.
Led transition to Agile methodology for multiple SQA teams.
Developed a strategic plan to update the software quality function, testing process and procedures as well as testing architecture for medical claims processing systems.
Responsible for establishing and leading functional testing Best Practices initiatives for entire claims processing area.
Assisted auditors in assessing compliance, best practices and security practices for IT SQA.

MetLife Insurance Inc, New York, NY 2/2000-12/2005
Quality Assurance Project Leader
As a Project Leader developed and managed testing plans and strategies for initial deployment of web and client server systems. Refined documentation process to allow repeatable and controlled production implementations. Managed resources for a Quality Assurance team consisting of seven testers. Worked with Mercury test suite – Winrunner, Loadrunner, and Test Director.
Responsible for the following quality assurance projects:
Participated and supervised testing of a number of Web based applications for the e-commerce department, including the redesign of MetLife.com website.
Responsible for the selection and evaluation of automated testing tools for the PeopleSoft General Ledger project, as well as, for the entire QAI organization. As a result of a personal recommendation Mercury Interactive suite of tools was selected as the automation standard for the project.
Has been appointed to a QA steering committee, which has presided over the implementation of a new web-enabled PeopleSoft General Ledger.
Developed a strategy for implementation of MQSeries/MQSI Message Brokering System. This system was developed to replace an existing Mainframe system that handled Administrative Feeds from 150 Legacy systems.
Created Master Test Plans to outline the strategy for the entire QAI organization.
Develops test plans to outline testing approach for individual lines of business.
In conjunction with Application Development and Project Management teams, has been responsible for creating and updating project plans.
Assumed responsibility for hiring and training testers for QAI. This effort resulted in a Staff of 7. Rewarded and motivated staff members.

Cablevision Systems Corporation, Bethpage, NY 6/1999-2/2000
Quality Assurance Analyst / Consultant
Participated and supervised testing of EZSeek Web based application. EZSeek was developed in house using Java Script, HTML on front end and Oracle on Back End.
As a member on the testing team involved in the project, responsibilities included:
Participating in writing, reviewing and execution of manual test scripts for EZSeek.
Managing GUI defect tracking process, including defect prioritization, assignment, verification and troubleshooting of calculation errors
Participating in designing test documentation (Test Plan, Test Case Specifications, Test Scenarios, and Test Procedures) for functionality testing.
Performing GUI and functionality testing and documented test results using WinRunner 5.1
Training Users in use of a system.
Using WinRunner Automated Testing Software to automate Regression and Performance Testing.
Created WinRunner test scripts (procedures) to run the baseline testing. These scripts acted as a Virtual User to perform the test on every new build that was introduced to the lab. The script used an external source file that was created in Excel.

Chase Manhattan Bank, New York, NY 4/1998-5/1999
QA Analyst / Consultant
Participated in the testing of InfoSpan 4.0 client/server application developed in Visual Basic 5.0 and MS SQL 6.5. InfoSpan is a desktop management reporting software tool that enables users to view activity by cardholder and supplier as well as allocate costs to the general ledger. Each employee would get the Chase Purchasing Card (which linked directly to InfoSpan) providing a less expensive way for corporations to authorize, track, pay and reconcile small dollar purchases. It eliminates the need for the traditional purchase order process, resulting in significant cost and time savings.
Reviewed business manuals and the business requirement document (BRD) in order to summarize system-specific business rules and other operating conditions.
Developed flow charts representing normal business flow, order of transactions processing, and order of calculations.
Documented Test Requirements Hierarchy, based on business rules and GUI system requirements.
Developing test cases corresponding to the test requirements in order to maximize verification coverage of system variables. The test cases represented both common and provocative business scenarios.
Managed the GUI Defect tracking process, which included prioritizing bugs, assigning bugs, and verifying “bug-fixes.”

Time Warner Cable, New York, NY 1/1997-3/1998
QA Tester / Consultant
Performed regression testing on CRTS – Communication Request Tracking System. The workflow – based system handled service requests, broke them down into tasks and verified dependencies assigned by Client Managers. PowerBuilder 6.5 with Sybase 11 for the back-end was used to develop this application.
Developed scripts based on the functionality of individual screens and overall system workflow including positive and negative testing for individual date fields with valid and invalid input data as well as screen accessibility and data validation for each individual screens.
Test cases were automated using WinRunner.
Involved in system testing of the above application.
Created Test Procedures, Test cases, Test plans and Test data matrix for year 2000. Test plans have been updated based on the Release Notes and modification on the application.
Involved in Regression testing, Black Box testing, Functional testing, creating positive testing and negative testing scenarios

EDUCATION, TRAINING and CERTIFICATION

New York University
B.S, Major: Computer Science.

TECHNICAL TRAINING
Quality Assurance Training Program
WinRunner 5.01 /6.0
SQA Suite Automated Testing Software (SQA Robot, SQA Manager)
SQA Load Test Training
SCRUM Master Certification – in progress
Contact this candidate