W**** Del Rose Ln
Appleton, WI *****
920-***-**** Cell
ad1qto@r.postjobfree.com

December 6, 2023

State of Indiana
Muncie, IN 47302

Dear Human Resource Manager,

Regarding Chief Executive Officer

Thank you in advance for your time. Experienced in multiple industries, leading operations, quality assurance, and continuous improvement efforts, prepared me to bring value for launching strategic initiatives. Following are brief highlights of experiences and skills.

Strong grasp and understanding of economics
Certified Product and Marketing Manager – profitably managed portfolio
Operations Management – safety, multiple sites
Quality Assurance Management – statistical analysis a strength
Product Development – five patents

Bring a fresh set of problem-solving skills to the government sector. Effectively applying experience, skill sets, and business practices prepares me for opportunities to lead in entrepreneurial environment. I look forward to working with you.

Sincerely,
David Uitenbroek
David Uitenbroek

David Uitenbroek
W4139 Del Rose Ln
Appleton, WI54913
Cell: 920-***-**** ad1qto@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
Provided insight and managed strategic initiatives. A wealth of experiences in safe operations, quality assurance, technical support, environmental compliance, product management, and product development. Led, inspired, and managed cross-functional teams. Justified appropriations, and installed capital equipment. Built in quality first and lean management concepts to control costs. Found and exploited constraints for continuous improvement.

EXPERIENCE

Voith Paper Fabric & Roll Systems Inc., Appleton, WI 2017 – 2023
Commercial Management Expert II 2022 – Sept. 27, 2023
Expanded business analyst role that supported, price increases and improved revenues on customer accounts. Responsible for financial components of risk management.
Business Analyst 2020 – 2022
Guide business toward improved processes, products, and services through data analysis. Led improved data analytics that assessed processes, determined requirements and delivered data-driven recommendations directly reported to executives and stakeholders.
Product Manager 2017 - 2020
Responsible for profitably managed product portfolio. Led and championed strategy deployment to achieve objectives. Interacted and supported research and development and Global Product Management initiatives. Expert at data mining large databases, analyzing data, and compiling simplistic reports

ORBIS Corporation, Oconomowoc, WI 2012 – 2016
Outsource Operations Manager
Led team of Specialists and Process Engineers in delivering ORBIS's value proposition for customer satisfaction, market leader, while delivering quality products on time. Contracted molders of high-pressure injection, structural foam injection and rotational molded parts. Developed and managed positive relationships with outsourced operations.

RECYCLING SOLUTIONS, LLC, Milwaukee, WI 2012 – 2012
Director of Operations
Planned, coordinated, and installed equipment for recycled polyethylene extrusion process. Included upstream processes for shredding and separating plastic. Determined expected through put based on raw material mix.
Developed job descriptions for new positions. Established wage scale.
Implemented safety procedures for Lock out Tag out. Initiated hazard communication policy.
Storm water pollution prevention, water treatment, and sewerage district discharge permits.

N.E.W. PLASTICS CORP., Luxemburg, WI 2009 – 2012
Senior Operations Leader
Reported to President/CEO. Managed operations at two plant locations, six managers, six supervisors, and two hundred hourly employees. Scope of operations included blow molded bottles for food and medical packaging, (clean room) and extruded profiles.

DAVID UITENBROEK PAGE TWO

NOMACO INC., Wake Forest, NC 2007 – 2009
Product Development Manager
Product launched Cryoflex™, engineered polymer foam for industrial cold pipe, refrigeration systems. Led and managed product launch team, which consisted of Process and Mechanical Engineers, Production Supervisor and Extrusion Operator.

WAUSAU PAPER CORPORATION, Columbus, WI 2000 – 2007
Converted Products Division
Product Development and Projects Manager 2005 – 2007
Led Division’s efforts developed new products used Systematic Inventive Thinking process.
Product launch of biodegradable dryer sheet into Wal-Mart stores.
Five patents (7,404,485 7,935,201 7,947,644, 8,251,277 and 7,943,566) and five more patent applications filed.
Operations Manager 2004 – 2005
Managed two plants in Columbus, Wisconsin and Jackson, Mississippi and six salaried and 54 hourly personnel.
Saved $560,000 annually in waste, supplier matched footages, automatic transfer, eliminated operator error.
Technical Service Manager 2000 – 2004
On call customer technical support for paper mill, roll packaging operations. Additional duties, managed compliance to environmental regulations, quality assurance for two plant locations, with team of four Quality Technicians.
Member of acquisition team of key competitor’s assets and customer base.
Implemented air permit with Wisconsin Department Natural Resources (WDNR).
Monitored and closed ground water contaminated sight in compliance with Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act (SARA).

DURALAM, INC., Appleton, WI (division of Sargento Cheese, Plymouth WI) 1982 – 2000
Quality Assurance Manager 1999 – 2000
On acquisition team, competitor assets and customer base, established quality management system at second location.
Finishing Manager 1997 – 1999
Managed finishing operations, adhesive laminating, slitting rewinding, and blown film extrusion. Efficiency improved from 80% to 95%.
Purchasing / Quality System Manager 1995 – 1997
Led and managed procurement and quality assurance teams. Reduced on hand raw material inventories by half, from $4MM to $2MM and increased inventory turns from nine to seventeen.
Quality / ISO 9000 Manager 1993 – 1995
Planned, implemented, and certified ISO Quality Management System, registered Underwriters Laboratories
Tyvek sterilization packaging for medical device packaging customer.

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science, Quality Productivity Management, minor degree in Business Administration, 3.9 GPA

CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT, TRAINING, AND SKILL SETS

Association of International Product Marketing & Management (AIPMM) Certified Product Manager
Systematic Inventive Thinking: ideation process, developing new products from current product platforms
Strategic management planning: integrate market and competitive strategies into long- and short-term objectives
Pro-Act Safety, Behavioral Based Safety
The role of leadership in a lean transformation (Toyota culture training with Mike Hoseus)
Sustainable Packaging, concepts and strategies for developing environmentally friendly products and packaging
Contact this candidate