SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS AND OBJECTIVE

Professional, offering versatile skill set within the framework of Business Administration and Management. Strong Leader, Planner, and Problem Solver, who readily adapts to change, works independently and exceeds established expectations. Effective in multi-tasking priorities while meeting and exceeding deadlines without compromising quality. Seeking an active management career.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Harris County, Houston, TX January 2022-Present
Program Analyst

Manage program-specific application processes, maintain documentation, files, and correspondence.
Review and evaluate proposals, applications, and other submissions as needed
Compose, edit, submit, and manage funding/grant proposals, outgoing correspondence, memos, and files.
Provide quality assurance and compliance monitoring of department and County processes and procedures.
Prepare agenda items for Commissioners Court.
Process and maintain records of the Annual Action Plan amendments and Project Sheets for the Annual Action Plan projects.
Respond to information requests generated through mail, e-mail, and telephone contact.
Solves a wide range of highly complex, multi-disciplinary problems which must consider long-term company-wide planning.
Tasks require comparing alternative courses of action and planning, subject to approval from the supervisor.

Harris County, Houston, TX February 2021- January 2022
Lending Assistant
Promotes programs that the county administers as HUD participating jurisdictions and works with the public and co-workers to complete the activities in a short period of time.
Processes loan applications, analyze client's eligibility based on credit, income, assets and property condition.
Processes DAP, HRP and NSP files for loan submission thru loan closing.
Composes and produces letters and documents to support all housing programs.
Completes and submits required weekly and monthly reports.
Schedules and attends departmental meetings and field visits.
Provides support to other administrative and professional staff.
Performs other job-related duties as assigned.
Mariner Finance, Missouri City, TX July 2018-November 2020
Branch Manager / Asst Branch Manager
Provides service to customers and prospective customers seeking loans. Extends credit to individuals through a variety of loan programs.
Responsible for the retention and maintenance of existing accounts as well as developing awareness of additional sales/service activities.
Develops additional business through building relationships with auto or retail sales dealers and networking within the community.
Consistently reviews and develops action plans for delinquent loan accounts.
Demonstrates consistent and effective leadership through the supervision and development of Branch employees in order to achieve Branch goals, minimize turnover, and create conditions for positive and effective working relationships.
Implements internal Branch auditing procedures which properly control all negotiable items and company records held within the Branch. Such procedures must meet and may exceed those dictated by company policy.
Prepares and submits reports reflecting Branch activity and growth.
Evaluating Clients credit data and Financial statements in order to determine the degree of risk involved in lending money to them.

OneMain Financial, Memphis,TN
Branch Manager Trainee September2017-July 2108
Business development and full cycle sales of personal loans, automobile loans and other credit related products
• Follow up on leads from customer inquiries (online or through customer service)
• Assist customers in making financial decisions to help them achieve their financial goals
• Learn all facets of direct consumer lending
• Learn credit underwriting techniques and skills
• Manage servicing and collections activities
• Educate customers on the terms and conditions of the loan to ensure a clear understanding

First Heritage Credit, Cordova, TN and Plaquemine, La
Branch Manager January 2014-Sept2017
Conducts training for new hires and current employees to ensure that they are aware and follow all by laws and financial polices
Provides assistance to the manager by interviewing potential employees and assisting in final hiring decisions
Conducted accurate review of loan contracts to ensure compliance of state and federal regulations for auditing purpose.
Collect and assign accounts to minimize delinquency while avoiding litigation and losses to achieve volume and growth

Tower Loan, Denham Springs, Louisiana
Branch Manger/Branch Manager Trainee October 2012–January 2014
Manage day to day sales effort of the branch to make sure that all employees are meeting sales goals established while monitoring the staff performance and quality service
Resolve customer complaints to ensure customer satisfaction and to established a rapport with the customer to bring in potential business, and direct and coordinate all financial procedure involving the branch to make sure the branch is in compliance
Performed approvals for all auto, personal, and mortgage loans for the branch to ensure accuracy for loan accounts

Comcast Cable, Jackson, Mississippi
Customer Service Trainer June 2011–October 2012
Responsible for developing a learning environment that enhances performance and delivers asset return
Facilities learning to develop participants competencies to meet specific performance goals
Adhere to establishing policies and procedures related to the telecommunication industry

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science Business Administration, Lorman, Mississippi Alcorn State University, May 2011

ACTIVITES AND AWARDS

Officiate, 2015 Louisiana Rookie of the Year
Competitive athletic or sporting events at a youth and adolescent level
Identifies infractions of rules and elect penalties according to the established regulations for the age group, this includes, but is not limited to, all sporting officials, referees, and opposing adjudicators.

Associations YMCA Referee Association
Louisiana High School Association
Metro of Jackson Mississippi High School Association
Texas Association of Sports Official
Tennessee Association of Sports Official
Contact this candidate