Professional Summary
Over twenty years of experience at Capital One. During my first 18 years in Global Finance as a Project Manager, Financial Analyst, Risk Manager, and Process Manager, I collaborated with various levels of management and teams on multiple projects with budgets of over five million. Performed ITGC Controls in the Information Technology space and supported the team by designing and mapping a QA process. Expertise in process mapping in Visio and other tools, identifying and developing contingencies for pain points.

Experience as a Process Analyst mapping out current, interim, and future state processes in Visio and PowerPoint presentations and providing metrics and visibility into process performance to Senior Leadership. Have a history of success and experience bringing efficiency, visibility, and control to complex processes in accounting, finance, and IT organizations. Highly skilled at interpreting technical processes and supporting business partners in creating business requirements. Known for excellent research, outstanding problem-solving, and analytical skills.
Certifications:
Certified Scrum Product Owner
Certified Scrum Master
Business Process Management Certification
Financial Technology Experience:
Hyperion Essbase, PeopleSoft, TSYS (TS2)
Other Technology Experience:
JIRA/Confluence, VersionOne, Workday HCM, Teradata, ServiceNow ITSM, Postgres, UNIX, Workiva, PRIME Issue Management, and CyberArk (Password Management)
Professional Experience

State Corporation Commission, (Contract) Richmond, VA – Jan. 2023 – June 2023
Business Process Analyst – Health Benefit Exchange, 2023
Developed a Process Governance framework ensuring a solid foundation exists to support the ongoing creation and management of HBE Operational policies, processes, and procedures. Obtained “In-House” SharePoint certifications through SCC staff training and gained the necessary knowledge and access to build the Process Repository where all official process documentation is housed. Built and published Process Governance SharePoint page leveraged by the organization to quickly access process templates, process repository, documentation best practices, performance metrics, and Governance Meeting schedule, agendas, and minutes. Partnered with HBE Staff to develop policies, processes, and procedures to support HBE Operations. Leveraged process expertise to provide guidance and help establish a culture of continuous improvement.

CapitalOne, Richmond, VA – Aug. 1999 – May 2021
Risk Manager - Tech SOX Governance, Quality Assurance & Effective Challenge, 2017 - 2021
Leveraged emerging technologies that increased efficiency, regulatory, and process compliance, and reduced operational expenses and risk, with the transparency and visibility needed to make accurate real-time business decisions based on readily available data. Partnered with Internal and External Audit teams to conduct SOX Compliance Testing for control design, effectiveness, completeness, and accuracy. Supported testing activities through control execution, gathering and supplying additional detail, evidence, and documentation as needed to perform Technology SOX Controls. Created and maintained process documentation, including Process Map, RACI, Process Control Plan, and CTQ for all five categories of controls performed centrally by the Control Performance Team. Drafted documentation for each control category with details of roles and responsibilities, interaction models, upstream and downstream dependencies, and potential failure points. Prepared team to leverage contingency processes in case of a failure based on documented "triggers." Developed and monitored Control Performance Schedule for each SOX year, incorporating current year target data delivery dates, while capturing the previous year’s control phase durations, volumes, and availability of data and resources. Developed a heat map view and offered direction to management enabling more precise resource allocation and expectation setting with the audit team for each control’s testing hand-off. Implemented QA process by conducting a detailed review of all controls performed before testing hand-off ensuring 100% accuracy of control work passed to auditors. Incorporated complex formulas and Excel models to semi-automate manual process steps and ensure checks and balances were in place to automatically flag errors and allow time for corrections before hand-off. Supported process automation efforts by supplying requirements and guidance on manual processes and pain points targeted for improvement. Identified all groups and roles affected by process changes and created a document repository to house training materials specifically targeted for each audience. Facilitated training sessions and held office hours during rollouts to address questions in real-time. Surveyed all individuals subject to training, reviewed and incorporated feedback to improve documentation/training materials, as necessary.
Principal Process Manager - Corporate Planning – Global Finance Transformation, 2014 - 2017

Established standard format for documenting new and existing business processes affected by GFIT (Implementation of OFSAA) using Critical Business Process (CBP) review guidelines, ensuring consistency and traceability across artifacts for a smooth transition to Process Owners. Engaged delivery PODs and Business Teams to create a suite of business process documents that illustrated the process, controls, roles, and contingencies developed for the Daily LCR (Liquidity Coverage Ratio), FTP (Funds Transfer Pricing), IRR (Interest Rate Risk), and FRB 2052a process. (Q3 2016 - Circle of Excellence Recipient DLCR.) Managed GFIT Process team backlog to ensure proper prioritization of tasks, prompt completion of commitments, and share status updates with the SLT to inform critical decisions. Documented the "One Front Door" process for managing the intake, estimation, prioritization, slotting, and implementation of new intent from various channels.
Senior Accounting Specialist - Credit Accounting, 2011 – 2014
Managed monthly Delinquency Reporting process across multiple accounting teams to ensure prompt and accurate input recording to the PeopleSoft general ledger. Analyzed data across systems to isolate errors, delivered root causes for variances, identify data trends for resolution and reduce the risk of reporting errors. Executed Global Finance projects across multiple teams ensuring the successful delivery of requirements and processes remained compliant and controlled. Leveraged Hyperion Essbase and People Soft to compile data for external reporting, including Press Release, 10Q, and 10K Annual Report in support of the earnings release for shareholder updates. Tracked process performance, reported metrics to management, and identified and implemented process improvements that streamlined processes and mitigated risk from manual touchpoints. Trained team members and business partners on the prompt and accurate execution of business-critical processes.
Senior Financial Analyst - Staff Infrastructure Finance, 2010 – 2011
Delivered variance commentary for actual expenses compared to budget and outlooks supporting the monthly operational expense reporting process. Partnered with budget owners on cost and headcount forecasting and effective budget allocation.
Senior Data Analyst - Financial Data Management, 2007 – 2010
Created ad hoc and recurring reporting scripts in SQL to support changing business requirements. Facilitated securitization process with error-free trust asset additions through shell scripts in UNIX. Supplied reporting and analysis that positioned Capital Markets to make informed business decisions based on Trust Performance. Supported General Ledger mapping process for transactions moving from the source system (TSYS) to General Ledger ensuring accurate reporting.
Senior Project Manager - Global Finance Integration, 2005 - 2007
Addressed risks and issues and maintained project plan for the cardholder system conversion using MS Project. Provided status updates, monitored projects, and tracked critical milestones to keep the plan on schedule. Facilitated contractor onboarding processes, including badging, access, and hardware distribution. Maintained and executed minute-by-minute conversion plan, managed issue and status communications for Senior Leadership making “Go/No-Go” decisions at critical points. Managed multiple Accounting Integration projects in partnership with management, IT, and lines of business to deliver projects on time and within budget.
Contact this candidate