Paul H. Corcoran
***** ******* **
Washington Township,
Oh 45458

ad1sw8@r.postjobfree.com

937-***-**** Cell
Program Manager

Professional, detail-oriented and versatile professional with more than 30 years of information systems experience working in a Program Management Office environment at Wright Patterson AFB. Strong background in software acquisition, support in development and sustainment of logistical /decision making systems as well as financial management systems in both classified and unclassified environments. Accustomed to producing in fast-paced environments when required. Focus on requirements development/management, testing, quality assurance, risk management, cost, schedule and overall performance while utilizing an experience cross-functional team of SMEs. Versed in the production of life cycle documentation, contract deliverable reports and executive briefings and cybersecurity using the eMASS tool with applicable NIST controls per software release.

Honors Graduate of University of Phoenix on-line, active secret clearance, PMP and CSM certified.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Segue Technologies June 2018 to Aug 2023
Program Manager

Manage both Sustainment and Enhancement Activities for Automated Funds Management (AFM) system.
Additional Responsibilities:
Provide on-going support to annual AFM audit by Ernst &Young
Managing major Pilot program for Air Force called Identification Credentialing Access and Management System (ICAMS)- automating the current manual 2875 process
Manage upcoming effort to migrate to Amazon AWS cloud environment
Ensure team is fully staffed including sub contactors where applicable
Serve as the on-site security manager
Assist in pre-award documentation whenever requested
Manage all software releases following the Software Development Lifecycle Methodology (SDLC)
Ensure all cybersecurity requirements met per software release.
Maintain Contract costs, performance and scheduling requirements
Maintain customer expectations to ensure customer satisfaction
Manage all monthly invoicing, ODC purchases and Contract Deliverable Data Requirements List(CDRLS)

Credence Management Solutions Oct 2017 to May 2018
Senior Business Analyst- Plans and Programs- XP PMO

Logistical Analysis of Air Force program integrations where possible to provide better Product Life Cycle Management for requirements and optimize new processes and implementation of the processes across Air Force Air Logistics Centers.
Additional Responsibilities:
Support multiple efforts for Air Force to help analyze/evaluate Log IT systems to determine which are best fit for consolidation or rehosting to the cloud environment to help eliminate redundancy, reducing sustainment costs and improving cybersecurity.
Provided support for a new effort dealing with Enterprise Architecture to enable Information Technology (IT) Portfolio Management
Certificate of PLM Leadership received 27 Oct 2017
Provide support to Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) efforts being developed for the USAF.

Serco Dec 2016 to Oct 2017
Project Lead

Project Lead supporting DEAMS PMO CM area to help track all software change requests and provided required evidence to help close Notice of Finding and Recommendations ( NFRs)
Additional Responsibilities:
Participate in all software engineering reviews
Perform identification of DEAMS development, test, prod, and COOP environments to support quality assurance / compliance efforts
Ensure all configuration changes are completely documented
Recommend all areas for any possible process improvement

STI Technologies August 2014-Dec 2016
Project Lead

Provide Subject Matter Expertise on functional and technical aspects of multiple developmental and on-going tasks. Manage all projects and overall operations for programs totaling over $18 million during my tenure. Supervise highly skilled personnel, oversee contract deliverables and prepare proposals. Brief senior management on multiple program statuses. Organize, direct and coordinate operational and technical activities. Evaluate issues and proposed solutions. Do annual performance reviews.

Provide Quality Assurance for all projects, both development and on-going.
Determine technical feasibility, implementation logistics and functional adequacy of all projects.
Continuously review and analyze project budgets, performance and tracking processes.
Perform duties of Test Manager for PMO
Perform duties of Configuration Manager as required
Main POC for all Portfolio Management Tools/ Systems
PM role in eMASS
PM role in EITDR
PMO liaison for Information Support Packages (ISP) for all WSMIS systems
Main office POC for System Engineering Policies (SEP) and procedures
Main POC for Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA)- monthly charges review/validation, System Level Agreements, Continuity of Operations and Information Assurance activities
Excel at volunteering for extra duties to help Program Management Office always be successful

SERCO Jan 2007 – July 2014
Project Lead

Manage all projects and overall operations for programs totaling over $18 million during my tenure. Supervise highly skilled personnel, oversee contract deliverables and prepare proposals. Brief senior management and government officials on program status. Organize, direct and coordinate operational and technical activities. Evaluate issues and proposed solutions. Do annual performance reviews.
Perform additional duties of the Principle Functional Analyst due to limited staffing.
Determine technical feasibility, implementation logistics and functional adequacy of all projects.
Continuously review and analyze project budgets, performance and tracking processes.
Perform duties of Test Manager for PMO
Perform duties of Configuration Manager as required
On-site Program Security Manager
Main POC for Portfolio Management Tools
Main office POC for System Engineering Policies (SEP) and procedures
Main POC for DISA- monthly charges review/validation, SLA’s, COOP activities and Information Assurance STIG activities
Excel at volunteering for extra duties to help PMO always be successful

SERCO
Principal Functional Analyst

Dec 2002 – Dec 2006
Performed functional analyses to ensure alignment with user requirements and avoidance/elimination of redundancies. Verified functional designs and validated program adequacy. Developed and implemented test plans and projects for organic software projects.
Analyzed and critiqued software test reports and other contractual documentation.
Ensured adherence to high standards in testing and documentation.
Monitored project system metrics to locate anomalies and initiated corrective action.

SERCO
Senior Systems Analyst

June 2001 – Dec 2002

Provided customer acceptance testing and evaluation support for various divisions within the corporation. Reviewed new technical proposals to ensure proper composition and utilization of identifiable and testable elements. Validated testing requirements through the use of a requirements traceability matrix.
Supported joint application and technical interchange meetings.
Participated in review boards and technical working groups.
Authored customer acceptance software test plans, software test descriptions and test reports, documented test results, test cases and peer reviews.
Tracked software issue reports and wrote customer acceptance tests.

Dynamics Research Corporation Nov 1994 – Oct 2000
Project Manager

Directed daily operations of several projects as a representative for major defense contractor. Supported users on a global scale. Supervised 15 DRC personnel and two staff members from subcontractors. Implemented risk assessment/migration techniques and strategies. Evaluated projects and reported status to senior level representatives. Ensured configuration control. Managed production software and data.
Played an instrumental role in the demonstration of Weapons Systems Management Information System capabilities to Austrian Ministry of Defense representatives.
Served as Team Leader for major software conversion projects which included critical Y2K and language upgrades.

Dynamics Research Corporation
Senior System Analyst

July 1989 – Oct 1994

Oversaw classified and unclassified projects, provided programming, operations and analytical support.
Served as Team Leader for a critical armed services operation.
Re-hosted a legacy Cyber computer application to Honeywell classified environment.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Management (Honors Graduate)
University of Phoenix ~ Online

Associate of Science in Computer Information Systems
Merrimack College ~ Andover, MA

Additional Professional Training
Information Assurance Awareness
Acquisition, Program/Project Baselines and Expectation Management Agreements
Project Management ~ Project Management Institute
Earned Value Management and Acquisition
PMP and CSM Certified

Skills and Technical Capabilities
Requirements management
Cost/Schedule
Risk/Issues management
Process Improvement
Project/Program Management
Testing
Operations
Conflict Resolution
Serena/Service Now/JIRA
Decision Making
CM/QA
Detail Oriented
Microsoft Office Suite
Leadership
Scrum methodologies

AWARDS

Air Force Letter of Commendation (Cyber Computer Rehost project)
Air Force Certificate of Appreciation (Support of Air Force systems users worldwide)
DRC Certificate of Appreciation (Support of systems worldwide operations center)
Award from the WSMIS Program Office (Conducting Customer Acceptance Tests on simultaneous releases, and installing both into production ahead of schedule)

** Secret Security Clearance active through 2023**
Contact this candidate