EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
NOV, **** - PRESENT
Regional Director of Post Install, Vision Solar LLC, Orlando
• Worked with homeowners to complete solar projects.
• Developed and implemented strategies to improve post-installation processes and customer satisfaction.
• Collaborated with the sales team to identify potential customer pain points and develop solutions to address them.
• Oversaw and managed the performance of regional post-installation teams to ensure efficient and effective service delivery.
• Developed and implemented training programs for post-installation technicians to ensure high-quality installations and customer satisfaction.
• Managed the budget for post-installation operations, ensuring cost-effectiveness and adherence to financial targets. Implement data analytics tools and processes to track post-installation performance metrics and identify areas for improvement.
Implement and manage a quality assurance program to ensure that all post-installation processes meet industry standards and customer expectations.
Develop and implement strategies to improve regional post-installation processes and customer satisfaction Develop and implement strategies to streamline the communication process between the post-installation teams and customers to ensure timely updates and resolution of any issues. Develop and implement strategies to optimize the scheduling and routing of post-installation teams for maximum efficiency and customer satisfaction.
Develop and implement a performance management system for post-installation teams to track individual and team performance, set goals, and provide regular feedback and coaching. Develop and implement strategies to improve the recruitment and onboarding process for new post-installation technicians to ensure a high-quality workforce and reduce turnover. 358 E Palmetto Ave, Longwood, United
States, 32750
ad1tui@r.postjobfree.com
321-***-****
JENNIFER JAKOBSON
OPERATIONS MANAGER
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Experienced Operations Manager with a track record of successfully overseeing projects from start to finish. Skilled in managing teams and collaborating with cross-functional teams across multiple locations. A problem-solver with strong communication and listening skills, able to effectively address challenges and achieve desired outcomes. EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
MAR, 2023 - SEP, 2023
Code Green, Solar, Orlando
Prepared invoices, reports, memos, letters, and financial statements using word processing, spreadsheet, database, or presentation software.
Answered phone calls and directed calls to appropriate parties or took messages. Conducted research, compiled data, and prepared papers for consideration and presentation by executives, committees, and boards of directors.
Attended meetings to record minutes.
Greeted visitors and determined whether they should be given access to specific individuals. Filed and retrieved corporate documents, records, and reports. Opened, sorted, and distributed incoming correspondence, including faxes and email. Made travel arrangements for executives.
Prepared responses to correspondence containing routine inquiries. Prepared agendas and made arrangements, such as coordinating catering for luncheons, for committee, board, and other meetings.
Provided clerical support to other departments.
Coordinated and directed office services, such as records, departmental finances, budget preparation, personnel issues, and housekeeping, to aid executives.
Processed payroll information.
Managed and maintained executives' schedules.
Supervised and trained other clerical staff and arranged for employee training by scheduling training or organizing training material.
Set up and oversaw administrative policies and procedures for offices or organizations. Met with individuals, special interest groups, and others on behalf of executives, committees, and boards of directors. Reviewed operating practices and procedures to determine whether improvements can be made in areas such as workflow, reporting procedures, or expenditures.
Contacted the general contractor to have permits signed off. Brought electrical permit applications to townships according to the address of the jobsites.
SKILLS
Project Management Problem Solving
Communication Data Analytics
Quality Assurance Team Management
Performance Management
REFERENCES
Joseph McEvoy
VISION SOLAR
856-***-****
Bennett Alderman
VISION SOLAR
610-***-****
Skye Johnson
VISION SOLAR
480-***-****
Contact this candidate