Matthew M. Salviano
Litchfield Park, AZ ***** 602-***-**** ad1zcq@r.postjobfree.com

Machine Operations Leader

Result-oriented professional with experience supervising production processes in Power Plant Operations. Detail-oriented Supervisor with a strong background in plant processes and operations. Hardworking and reliable with excellent analytical and problem-solving abilities. Collaborator with a strong work ethic and the ability to read, analyze, and interpret technical documents, blueprints, and customer specifications.

Areas of Expertise

Project leader Safety Production scheduling Quality assurance Mold fabrication Blueprint interpretation Injection mold processing Microsoft applications skill Onsite evaluation Onsite inspection skills Machining operations Onsite customer support Onsite and remote services Precision machining Machining procedures Supervision of teams.

Work History

Corning Incorporated Glendale, AZ October 2022 – October2023
Supervisor, Machine and Tool Cutter Grinding Shop
Oversaw the day-to-day operations in the machine shop.
Hired employees, completing job performance reviews
Participated in quality and safety audits ensuring compliance with environmental rules and regulations.
Managed a team of employees to meet the goals of the company.
Developed Lights Out Machining Project resulting in increased productivity by >20 %.

Atlantic Plant Maintenance Services (GE Affiliate) Illinois April 2014 – October 2022
Superintendent, Onsite Machining
Worked Remotely - repair and enhancement of power generating equipment worldwi
Advised on machining concepts, tooling, and training personnel.
Interacted with customers on site management.

General Electric Energy, Minneapolis, MN August 2008 – April 2014
On Site Machining Specialist
Repair and enhancement of power generating equipment worldwide.

Advised on advanced machining concepts.
Trained personnel in new tooling and processes.
Established and maintained relationships with both new and existing customers to encourage new and repeat business.

Matthew M. Salviano ad1zcq@r.postjobfree.com Page 2

Aurora Optical, Tucson, AZ January 2006 – August 2008
Tooling Engineer/Project Manager
Oversaw the manufacturing of optics for cell phones and cameras and automotive.
Supervised teams of 20+ in the maintenance and repair of all tooling and production of projects.
Aided in the design and development of tooling-to-tooling standards.
Drove reliability and profitability through introduction of Target Cost Setting system.

Catalina Tool and Mold, Tucson, AZ August 1999 – January 2006
Senior Mold Maker/Project Manager
Educated key personnel in appropriate production methods to achieve expectations and meet quality control standards through the Apprentice Training Program.
Was the Senior mold maker project leader for custom mold builder manufacturing plastic injection molds and tooling.
Lead teams of 20+ mold makers from start to completion of project.

Dalin Mold and Machine Co., Ashtabula, OH January 1983 – August 1999
Mold Maker
Built and repaired prototype and production tools.

Education

Bachelor of Science: Business Management and Project Leadership
University of Phoenix
Tucson, AZ

Matthew M. Salviano ad1zcq@r.postjobfree.com Page 3

Associate of Science
Pima Community College - Tucson, Az

Affiliation
Member of Delta Mu Delta Honor Society of Business: Lambda Sigma Chapter.

Accomplishments
Patent - US7201187 - Low-flow valve - 04/10/2007.

Certifications
Ashtabula County Joint Vocational School - Journeymen Certification in Tool and Die
Ashtabula County Joint Vocational School - CNC I and CNC II Certification

Special Studies
Master Cam Level X
Solid Works: Computer Program Course
Contact this candidate