Teresa Cordova Buena Park, CA ***** 310-***-****
ad20cy@r.postjobfree.com
Production Manager
Results-oriented Production Manager with extensive leadership experience in food, plant and facilities management. Lead Production Manager with over 20 years of production management experience with additional quality assurance and operations management experience. Exceptional skills in coordinating manufacturing activities with all other functions of the organization and suppliers to obtain optimum production and utilization of human resources, machines, and equipment. Developed deep understanding of regulatory requirements concerning quality, reporting standards, emergency notifications, permit renewals and inspections. Fluent in English and Spanish.
Areas of Expertise
• Purchasing and Manufacturing • Inventory Mangement • Factory Management
• Product Development and Growth • Staff Training and Development • Quality Improvement Processes
• Operations Management • Cost Reduction • Research and Development Professional Experience
Just Food for Dogs, LLC., Irvine, CA
Production Manager, November 2020 – Current
Focus on quality production processes, team building - cross training (multi-taskers). Guided different other departments: Maintenance, Quality Assurance, Purchasing, Customs, Shipping and Receiving, R & D testing.
• Successfully manage to accomplish set company daily production lbs. per day avoiding any extra OT labor hours.
• Structure new production processes that will exceed daily production demands.
• Executed and Guided proper production scheduling procedures to accomplish successful production days.
• Monthly employee evaluation-job performance. One on One direct contact with each employee, setting up company goals and expectation foreach employees’ personal growth.
• Prepare weekly employee and production schedules to successfully meet production demands.
• Fully involved on third party inspections from different agencies (FDA, County Health, OSHA, Private Customers).
• Fully involved on monthly raw materials inventory. Preventing over stock of unnecessary materials and reducing any possible waste of Raw Materials.
Giuliano’s Baking Company, Carson, CA
Production Manager, April 2019 – June 2020
Coordinate the daily activities of the production team determining production priorities and planning fulfillment. Cross-train all productions employees, including supervisors, mixers, oven crew, and other support staff. Oversee and direct all production activities, including preparation, mixing, baking, and packaging of product in accordance with batch sheets. Identify labor savings efficiency gains, and waste reduction opportunities in production process.
Saved money and reduced workforce by cross-training employees and identifying key positions.
Assisted and coordinated all Research and Development projects including Gluten-free and Keto products.
Reduced and eliminated waste by 32% through identifying key issues and root causes contributing to waste.
Teresa Cordova Page 2
Successfully participated and contribute on generating new Gluten Free products for Private Label and our Company Brand.
Helped develop a fully functional new confectionary muffin and cookie line. Fresh Grill-Brown Bag, Santa Ana, CA
Factory Production Coordinator (Contract), November 2018 - April 2019 Coordinated and supported all areas of production through distribution of daily volume, handling supply and demand of raw materials to all areas of processing rooms. Trained supervisors on generating documentation and employees on making new items for 7-11 client, production and QC employees on new gas flushed line.
Assisted company in preparation for SQF certification.
Avoided rework and down time by batching procedures.
Reduced overtime labor hours from 16% to 2% by cross training production employees to be used in different departments.
Assisted purchasing team on limiting overstocked raw materials by generating a daily inventory of slow-moving items.
Assisted Quality Assurance Department on attaining SQF Certification which could bring more revenue possibilities to company (new customer requirement).
Implemented maintenance work orders to prevent any down time on equipment.
Increased revenue by 16%, holding responsibility for launching and training a new Gas Flush Sandwich Line.
Dibella Baking Company, Inc, Oceanside, CA
Factory Production Director, March 2016 - November 2018 Managed the planning, directing, coordinating and controlling of the bakery production process consistent with quality requirements, including developing a weekly plant production schedule, assisting with research and development projects, and holding responsibility for purchasing, directing and conducting monthly raw material and finished good inventories. Oversee all third-party audits ensuring 100% compliance.
Implemented SQF System Certification for 2 consecutive years.
Assisted company during process of becoming Gluten-free Certified and developing Gluten-free cookies.
Implemented Quality Assurance system, increasing business by 45%, brought on QVC, Marshalls Canada, Peets Coffee, and Bristol Farms
Directly oversaw maintenance team and conducted all employee safety meetings, weekly training meetings with employees, and monthly meetings with supervisors.
Reduced customer complaints by sustaining high quality standards. Jo's Candies, LLC, Torrance, CA
Quality Control Manager, March 2015 - March 2016
Held responsibility for managing all quality assurance procedures and food safety systems including performing checks across all stages of production to ensure product meet all the requirements in terms of quality and safety. Assisted operations team in ensuring product comply to federal, state and local laws and third-party audits including but not limited to SQF, AIB, FDA, LA County Health, Fire Marshal, and Co-Packer. Created 'Nutritional Values', 'Ingredients Statements', and 'Allergens' labels for existing and new products.
Regularly trained all employees on general and food safety topics.
Oversee hiring, cross-training, and evaluating of sanitation team.
Implemented SQF system to privatize label requirements.
Achieved highest AIB scores of 99.8% by continuously training production, sanitation, warehousing and QA employees.
Ramona's Mexican Food Products, Inc, Gardena, CA
Operations Manager, May 2011 - June 2014
Held responsibility for daily production activities including, achieving production requirements, monitoring product standards and quality-control programs, and managing product quality to guarantee compliance with quality policies and procedures. Supervised a staff of 12 repair and maintenance employees ensuring all equipment, buildings, and grounds maintenance is completed. Effectively communicated with and supported sales, marketing and administrative teams daily.
Increased employee loyalty and reduced turnover by implementing innovative programs.
Developed reputation as an efficient service provider with high levels of accuracy.
Met aggressive production and safety goals while minimizing equipment downtime.
Directed improvements in safety, product quality, service and cost efficiency. Additional Experience:
Quality Control Director - APPA Fine Foods, Inc.
Operations Manager - Senor Snacks, Inc.
Operations Manager - Lulu's Dessert, Corp.
Education
Completed Coursework in Psychology
Southwestern College, Chula Vista, CA
Credentials
• SQF Certified
• HACCP & Sanitation Phase II Certified
• HACCP Workshop
• Microbiology Rapid Testing Method - Biomedix
• Rules & Regulations of Workplace Safety & Cal/OSHA Compliance Training & Development
• Plant / Operation Management
• Completed HACCP Workshop Phase 2 training Certified.
• General Food Safety
• Safe Food Handlers Certified
• Microbiology Rapid Testing Methods
• QC/ QA Management
• The Rules & Regulations of Workplace Safety and Cal/OSHA Compliance
Contact this candidate