Thinh Dam
Burleson, TX · 817-***-**** · ad23ti@r.postjobfree.com

Target Role:

Professional Profile

A multifaceted and experienced professional with a successful track record of overseeing daily and strategic quality objectives that enable organizational growth and sustainability. Recognized for leading large-scale projects and gaining consensus around a shared vision of operational excellence. A trusted advisor to senior leaders and colleagues for insight that is leveraged to drive business-critical decisions.

Confident leading, working independently, or serving as a key contributor on high-performing teams in fast-paced, deadline-driven environments.
Strong emotional intelligence with a proven ability to connect and collaborate with individuals across all levels of an organization.
Skilled at using quality management systems, technical work instructions, and other job aids to complete assigned tasks.
Remain current regarding the applicable local, state, and federal regulatory statutes and ensure compliance across the organization.
An advocate for zero-incident work cultures and full adherence to the established safety guidelines.

Signature Skills and Competencies

Quality Assurance / Control Project Management Strategy Mapping / Goal Setting
ISO 9001 Standards / Principles Stakeholder Engagement Contingency Planning
Blueprint Reviews / Inspection Quality Testing / Audits Oral / Written Communication
Training, Coaching, Development Technical Troubleshooting Documentation & Reporting
Bilingual (English & Vietnamese) Continuous Process Improvement Tapping & Milling

Professional Experience

Knox Machine, Quality Inspector, Everman, TX 04/2015 – Present

Earned promotions into roles of increased scope and responsibility after demonstrating exceptional leadership and consistently delivering beyond the established performance expectations. Hired as an Inspector before expanding the role to include ISO Specialist / Lead and Project Manager.

Primarily responsible for delivering leadership and direction related to all quality policies and procedures. This includes,
−Serving as first article inspector for in-house and final inspections and testing and evaluating products during various stages of production to ensure predefined quality criteria is achieved
−Heading ISO inspections as well as the certification process
−Training new hires and current employees on proper use of tools and machinery (micrometers, thread gauges, dial indicators, vernier calipers, height gauges, internal and external thread gauges, ID/OD mics, bore gauges, etc.)
Provide cross-functional support in the areas of transportation and logistics, assisting specifically with shipping and receiving.
Oversee and deliver end-to-end project support for EOG, a major client that generates over $500k in annual revenue for the company.
Conduct root cause investigations when defects are identified and issue corrective actions for immediate and long-term resolutions.
Spearhead continuous improvement initiatives and recommend changes to prevent future defects.
Assisted with implementing contingency plans during the COVID-19 pandemic to reduce / eliminate the transmission of the virus amongst staff members and to offset operational headwinds.

Career Break, Homemaker 03/2007 – 03/2015

Managed and completed all household duties (cooking, cleaning, grocery shopping, and budgeting) and raised the kids allowing spouse to focus on advancing career in the medical field. Provided emotional support and created a nurturing atmosphere for the family.
Continued to refine functional and technical capabilities which proved to be beneficial upon re-entering the workforce.

Amarillo Gear, CNC Machine Setup/Operator, Amarillo, TX 02/2003 – 02/2007

Set up the CNC machine which included loading materials, securing workpieces in the machine, and configuring tooling and fixtures according to the exact tolerances and standards outlined in the blueprints.
Served as a member of the safety committee and became well versed with Cincinnati and Funic control systems.

FW Hall Industries, Lead, CNC Lathe Section, Fort Worth, TX 06/1996 – 01/2003

Supervised and trained 20+ employees regarding all functionalities of the CNC Lathes which accelerated the readiness of associates to perform assigned duties.
Managed the production schedule and ensured that all tasks were completed with accuracy and within the allotted timeframes.

Education

Associate’s of Applied Science: Brookhaven Junior College, Dallas, TX (courses completed)

High School Diploma: Newman Smith High School, Carrollton, TX
Contact this candidate