Melissa Lawmaster

Professional Summary
Proactive Production Manager successful at anticipating needs and making adjustments to schedules, materials and workflow. Ready to bring expertise to company needing hands-on, knowledgeable and resourceful leader. Experienced Production Manager successful maintaining consistent on-time delivery for customers. Well-organized, proactive and resourceful in dealing with routine and complex production issues. Organized and dependable candidate successful at managing multiple priorities with a positive attitude. Willingness to take on added responsibilities to meet team goals. To seek and maintain full-time position that offers professional challenges utilizing interpersonal skills, excellent time management and problem-solving skills.
Work History
McGee Industries Inc. - Production Manager
Aston Mills, PA
03/2015 - Current
Resolved issues quickly to maintain productivity goals.
Reviewed work for quality and compliance with company standards and design specifications.
Standardized production procedures, job roles, and quality assurance guidelines.
Managed continuous improvement initiatives to drive gains in quality, flow, and output.
Sourced materials to keep up with production goals and meet customer demands.
Created streamlined production schedules and collaborated with production employees to communicate objectives and goals.
Created and oversaw production schedules and adjusted as needed to meet deadlines.
Coordinated with other departments to align production with customer requirements.
Monitored inventory levels and restocking schedules to avoid production delays from unavailable materials.
Certified Forklift Trainer
Haz-Mat Certified
McGee Industries Inc. - Shipping and Receiving Manager
Aston Mills, PA
06/2008 - 03/2015
Maintained positive relationships with representatives of UPS, FedEX, USPS, and DHL shipping companies.
Conducted counts and audits of inventories to identify and resolve discrepancies in records.
Operated forklifts, lift trucks, and hand trucks to move items around warehouse.
Prepared shipping documents
Pulled, verified, and packaged items for shipment.
Organized storage areas to optimize materials movements and minimize labor hours.
Trained new staff on job duties, company policies, and safety procedures for rapid onboarding.
Oversaw warehouse staff and maintained efficiency in fast-paced environment.
McGee Industries Inc. - Production Worker/Warehouse Shipper
Aston Mills, PA
04/2006 - 06/2008
Followed safety procedures and guidelines to maintain safe working environments.
Used equipment properly to avoid workplace hazards or injuries.
Resolved issues quickly to maintain productivity goals.
Inspected final products to assess compliance with quality standards and established tolerances.
Organized work to meet demanding production goals.
Participated in regular meetings with team members to discuss production updates.
Took on additional shifts during peak work periods to keep projects on schedule.
Weighed and measured items to prevent waste and meet quality standards.
Maintained organized work area by cleaning and removing hazards.
Met production targets and tight deadlines by collaborating closely with team members.
Trained new production staff members on safe and efficient production procedures and proper machine operations.
Examined incoming materials and compared to documentation for accuracy and quality.
Oversaw logistics and inventory management for storeroom.
ElringKlinger Automotive Manufacturing - Production Worker/Warehouse Shipper
Livonia, MI
05/2001 - 04/2006
Followed safety procedures and guidelines to maintain safe working environments.
Used equipment properly to avoid workplace hazards or injuries.
Took on additional shifts during peak work periods to keep projects on schedule.
Volunteered for additional assignments during peak work periods to keep tasks on schedule.
Supported machine operators in setup and operation of production equipment resulting in efficient runs.
Used problem-solving and issue-resolution skills to promptly and successfully address production problems.
Examined incoming materials and compared to documentation for accuracy and quality.
Loaded and Unload Trucks
Used Sap system
GM - Production Worker
Ypsilanti, MI
03/1998 - 04/2001
Followed safety procedures and guidelines to maintain safe working environments.
Resolved issues quickly to maintain productivity goals.
Took on additional shifts during peak work periods to keep projects on schedule.
Inspected final products to assess compliance with quality standards and established tolerances.
Volunteered for additional assignments during peak work periods to keep tasks on schedule.
Assembled and tested various products to meet production requirements and quality control standards.
Maintained machinery to prevent overloads and avoid malfunctions.
Made sure that products were produced on time and are of good quality.
Maintained organized work area by cleaning and removing hazards.
Met production targets and tight deadlines by collaborating closely with team members.
Operated a Two spindle grinder
Inspected converter covers for defects

Letter of Recommendation
There are two and will be attached

ad25bg@r.postjobfree.com

215-***-****

West Chester, PA 19380
Skills
Production Line Management
Staff Scheduling
Production Optimization
Business Forecasting
Production Planning
Resource Allocation
OSHA Compliance
Quality Control
Team Development
Equipment Operation
Raw Materials Handling
Material Handling Expertise
Strong Leadership Abilities
Quality Assurance Testing
Manufacturing

Education
06/2014
Wilmington University
Wilmington DE
Associate of Science: Organizational Leadership
Certifications
Forklift Certified Trainer
Haz-Mat Certified (49CFR, IATA, IMDG)
OSHA certified to handle dangerous goods

.
Contact this candidate