*** ********** ****** **..
Savannah, Georgia ****0
Phone 912-***-****
ad27x6@r.postjobfree.com
Tony Sikes
Education 1980-1985 Vidalia Comprehensive High School
Pipe Fitter and Steam Fitter Local 188 Mem. #1232406
Framatome NP - Nuclear Components Design – CR&R Division 2002-2006
Penn Foster College, AS - Mechanical Engineering 2009-2012 Professional
experience
I have more than 30 years in the power construction industry. 15 years in management. Extensive experience related to safety, field engineering, quality assurance, budget compliance, planning, scheduling, estimating, labor relations, quality control, and direct labor supervision and construction claims resolution. Coordination of work with client/owners, subcontractors, utilities, trades and municipal authorities. Projects experience include nuclear, chemical, resource recovery boiler, combined cycle, pharmaceutical, pulp and paper. My positions held over the last eighteen years have primarily been nuclear Maintenance/Construction Management, Consulting, Oversight and Supervision. Oct 1994 to Dec1999 Pro Arc Inc. Vidalia, Georgia
CEO
As CEO, my responsibilities included but were not limited to the following:
Interfacing with clients.
Acquiring bid packages.
Scheduling and Planning
Ensuring company maintained proper certifications, permits, and licenses.
Hiring and training supervision, safety, and management personnel for Pro Arc Inc.
Maintained quality assurance and quality control programs
Generated Project cost estimates and proposal development for installation of all materials and components
July 2005 to Jan 2006, Areva / NPS,St. Lucie Fla. Unit 1 pressurizer replacement Day Shift Project Manager/Estimator
Planned daily activities for day shift mechanical personnel.
Maintained all work packages and travelers.
Inspections of the work performed to ensure that correct procedures were followed
Designed mock ups for surge line welds. Designed surge line restraints.
Conducted meetings with FPL and Areva for POD and daily status
Interfaced with FPL Eng. for all design changes and revisions.
Constructed and outlined work packages for the replacement project
Generated Project cost estimates and proposal development for installation of all materials and components
Aug 2006 to Dec 2006 Areva / NPS Millstone Nuclear Plant, Pressurizer Replacement Day Shift Project Manager / Capital Estimator
Scheduling and planning
Conducted POD and Pre-Job Briefs
Reviewed WOs and Drawings to add new revisions daily
Inspected work performed and work areas for Areva and client procedures adherence
QA on all documents involved with work orders
Generated Project cost estimates and proposal development for installation of materials and components
Interfaced with craft supervisors to insure tasks were performed correctly/efficiently Apr 2009 to Jan 2010 - MTI Global Services, Unit 1 Generator rebuild, DC Cook Project Manager / Task Lead / Oversight / Engineer
Assist the Control Account Managers with Earned Value Management (EVMS) performance to program cost and schedule performance
Providing work package management support to the Engineering Projects Manager and WA Operations Manager
To assist project manager in project management,give solutions f or the potential trouble to make sure the project is following the schedule
Actively participate in the firms’ performance management and development process co- developing Annual Plans with appointed counsellor
Manages project scope, cost, and timeline and risk management and establish priorities for work delegated to others
Efforts will include work scope management, address RFQ’s, customer interface and action item closure, schedule, EVMS, Risk, Standard Work management
Routinely reviews fleet OPEX and project lessons learned and applies to improve performance in their work area. Contributes to fleet OPEX and lessons learned
Interfaced with client mgt and Eng. to relay assessments and plan shift activities
Inspected all aspects of the event affected mechanical components for possible reuse
Interfaced with D&Z management on scope and manpower needed for project
Directed third party inspection on NDE focus areas and systems
Managed and directed D&Z craft supervisors per task project
Managed and maintained all inspection data and generated criteria to be met for reinstallation
Generated Project cost estimates and proposal development for installation of all materials and components
Feb 2010 to April 2010 - Day & Zimmerman/ NPS, Maintenance Outage, Salem 1R20 Mechanical Estimator / Planner
Conducted pre-job briefs for the crews working projects
Reviewed Work Orders and drawings to plan my daily work tasks and material procurement
Maintained all boundary tags daily to insure crew’s safety
Visited each project to insure schedule would be met or revised
Insured safe work environments were being maintained
Estimated Project cost and resource requirements Feb 2011 to May 2011- Day & Zimmerman /NPS, Maintenance. Outage, Watts Bar Nuclear Mechanical Estimator
Scheduling and planning, Project Controls/Estimate project cost and resource requirements
Work order and drawing review to plan daily work activities
Tracked the man hours and dollars throughout the outage for scope of work
Assisted is design for new ERCW piping as per ASME standards
Insured all welders and mechanics had appropriate qualifications required for scope of work June to Aug 2011– Areva / NPS, Steam Generator Replacement, Ringhals 4. Sweden Project Manager / Cost Analyst
Planned daily activities for supervisors and craft labor
Reviewing work packages/scope for interpretation
Interfaced with the French AREVA management organizing the generator change out
Maintained control and procurement of all code documents-materials Sept 2011 to Oct 2013 – Day & Zimmerman Maintenance Outage, Watts Bar & Sequoyah Nuclear Capital Projects And O&M Estimator III
Developed labor man hour cost estimations for 2012 outage projects.
Planned duration and man hour loading charts for 2012 outage projects.
Generate all nuclear projects estimates for project cost in Win-Est. software
Capital Projects Baselines / Schedules in Primavera Software P3/P6 Sept 2013 to Jan 2015 – Williams Plant Services, Hatch & Vogtle, Farley Nuclear Capital Projects And O&M Lead Estimator
Developed labor man hour cost estimates for 2014 outage projects.
Planned duration and man hour loading charts for 2014 outage projects.
Generated all nuclear projects estimates for project cost in Win-Est. software
Capital Projects Baselines / Unit Rate Tracking / Plant Hatch Labor Rates and Cost Estimates Jan 2015 to May 2015 - Williams Plant Services, Hatch Project Manager/Site Estimator
Managed all activities for projects supervision
Planned duration and man hour loading charts for 2015 outage projects.
Generated all nuclear projects cost estimates for project cost in Win-Est. software
Capital Projects Baselines / Unit Rate Tracking / Plant Hatch Labor Rates
Tracked Project Burn Curves
Managed all daily cost per project
Maintained schedules and milestones for projects/ generated all recovery plans for schedule impacts June 2015 to Feb 2017 – Day & Zimmermann – Plant Hatch Capital Projects & O&M / Lead Estimator III
Developed labor man hour cost estimations for 2016 1R27 outage projects.
Planned duration and man hour loading matrix for 2016 1R27 outage projects.
Generation all nuclear projects estimates for project cost in Win-Est. software
Capital Projects Baselines / Schedules in Primavera Software P6 February 2017 to May 2017 – Westinghouse - PCI – Corporate Office Lake Bluff Ill. Project Manager / Estimator – EDF 1300 SGR Replacement Qualifications
Developed labor man hour cost estimations For EDF SGR projects.
Planned duration and man hour loading matrix for EDF Phase 2 SGR Project Process Qualifications
Generated weekly reports from SAP / monitored – recorded daily burn rate.
EDF SGR Project Baselines / Created Project Schedules in Microsoft Projects – P6
Generated All PINS (impacts) for project
Reported to French WEF weekly / schedule Impact and burn rate
Managed supervisors for EDF projects / generated process Travelers
Initiated PQR and process for SGR main steam and secondary piping welds Jan 2018 to July 2018 – BHI Energy Services – Corporate Office West Palm Fla Lead Projects Coordinator – Nuclear
Developed labor unit rates per demographics regionally.
Identified costing deficiencies in existing costing platform.
Generated templates for tracking earned value for the O&M and Projects activities
Generated baseline cost estimates for upcoming capital projects
Generated baseline schedules for upcoming capital projects
Trained site staff to the correct process of schedule and cost alignment Aug 2018 to Feb 2019 – Powertek Plant Services – Director of Contracts
Developed safety program and procedure compliance.
Generated the corporate costing platform.
Responsible for all contracts and proposals.
Generated baseline cost estimates for projects.
Generated baseline schedules for projects.
Responsible for all sales and client interface.
Responsible for all project scope implementation oversight. Feb 2019 to May 2019 – Consolidated Contracting and Consulting – Project Manager
Generated the corporate costing platform.
Responsible for all contracts and proposals.
Generated baseline cost estimates for projects.
Generated baseline schedules for projects.
Responsible for all sales and client interface.
Generation of unit rates for database.
Tracking projects earned value.
Dec 2019 to Feb. 2021 – Project Controls Director – ARK - Industrial Fabricators
Generated the company costing platform.
Review of contracts and proposals.
Generate cost estimates for projects.
Generate schedules for projects.
Responsible for sales and client interface.
Generation of unit rates for database.
Tracking projects earned value.
Sept. 2021 to January 2021 – Project Controls Director – ARK - Industrial Fabricators
Generated the company costing platform.
Review of contracts and proposals.
Generate cost estimates for projects.
Generate schedules for projects.
Responsible for sales and client interface.
Generation of unit rates for database.
Tracking projects earned value.
Jan 25, 2022 - April 20, 2022, Welding Engineer - Steam Generator Replacements SGT at TVA’s Watts Bar Nuclear Plant
• Perform PQRs For All Welds Primary and Secondary Steam Piping.
• Establish Weld Procedures Per System and Material Per ASME Section IIIIV/ Section XI
• Qualify Automatic Welding Machines and Maintain Performance Records
• Qualify Automatic and Manual Welders - Primary and Secondary Piping
• Maintain Welder Qualifications
• Inspect Piping / Piping Welds to Code
• Order, {Inspect/Approve per code} - Maintain All Code Piping Materials / Code Filler Materials
• Interface with client with detailed weld proficiency and detailed mitigation process outlines
• Establish Detailed Repair Processes Per Code and Maintain All Records / Weld Repair Maps and Documents
• Estimate Cost for Code Materials and Implementation
• Generate Schedule and Resource Workflow
Patents and
publications
Developed patents owned by Sikes Cookers LLC
Patent numbers: 7320278,6143341,6038964,6813995
Additional
professional
activities
Summary of professional activities:
Pipe Fitter/ Pipe Welder
Mechanical Foreman/ General Foreman / Superintendent / Project Manager / Capital Projects Consultant
Quality Assurance/Quality Control / Welding Inspector ASME B 31 Level II Visual Inspector and Level II Radiographic Film Interpretation.
Professional Activities As A Project Management Professional :
• Effectively communicate project expectations to team members in a timely and clear fashion.
• Estimate the General Contractors resources and participants needed to achieve project goals.
• Set and continually manage project expectations with team members.
• Delegate tasks and responsibilities to appropriate personnel on the design team and General Contractor.
• Identify and resolve issues and conflicts within the project team.
• Assess the General Contractors plan and schedule project timelines and milestones and provide input and feedback.
• Track project milestones and deliverables.
• Determine the frequency and content of status reports from the project team, analyze results, and troubleshoot problem areas with the General Contractor
• Proactively manage changes in project scope, identify potential crises, and devise contingency plans.
• Conduct project post mortem shit and create a recommendations report in order to identify successful and unsuccessful project elements.
• Develop best practices and tools for project execution and management.
• Prepare and manage product and service contracts from beginning to end.
• Define contract recommendations that support business goals, in collaboration with senior management.
• Assist as required in contract change management and contract closure.
• Where necessary, provide appropriate contract and subcontract information to accounting department.
• Monitor and analyze trends in contractual agreements to make recommendations for the future, and to identify areas for possible savings.
• Analyze trends and market conditions for the present and future contract requirements of goods, services, and third-party agents.
• Partner with General Contractors to establish pre-construction services, construction budgets and schedules
• Review contracts, proposals, claims and supporting negotiations as required
• Work closely with the VP of Construction overseeing the design teams to ensure that project budgets and design are in alignment
• Provide feedback and guidance on design constructibility and construction means & methods
• Ensure that each development property is adequately resourced with key personnel to effectively manage projects
• Review existing agreements and recommend amendments as necessary
• Provide feedback and recommendations to other General Contractors on budgets, schedules, cashflow, bid lists, bid scopes of work, contracts scopes of work, contract terms
& conditions, contract disputes, Change Orders/Extras etc.
• Supporting Construction Managers by reviewing and providing input on trade prequalification’s, project schedules, site logistics, trade recommendations, vendor pricing, purchase orders, base contracts and claims
• Work closely with the Construction Managers to ensure timely delivery of suite finishing packages both during Pre-Construction and Construction phases
• Communicate with building department authorities
Experience and Training:
Manual and specialized Welding
Manual and specialized Machining
General and specialized Piping
Radiographic Testing Methods
Magnetic Particle Testing Methods
Ultrasonic Testing Methods
Destructive Testing Methods
Hydrostatic Testing Methods
Visual Acceptance Standards Specific Industrial Training: ASME Section III Nuclear Power- Construction and Start up Pharmaceutical Plant / Construction and Start up
Petrochemical / Construction and Start up
Synthetic Fibers / Construction and Start up
Power and Recovery Boiler / Construction and Start up Food Processing / Construction and Start up
Chemical Refineries / Construction and Start up
Pulp and Paper Mill / Construction and Start up
Nuclear/ Maintenance and Oversight
Experience consists of qualifying welders in accordance with ASME Section IX and AWS D1.1. Welding inspection in accordance with B 31.1, B 31.3, ASME Sections IX DIV 1, API 1104 and API 650. Engineering/
Skills
Highly motivated, a critical thinker and problem solver, detail-oriented, organized, and a team player with strong focus on quality
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, ability to handle multiple tasks and strong attention to detail
Technical knowledge - has strong process knowledge/ability to operate and maintain the production assets
To support the generation of general assembly, detailed drawings and Bill of Materials ensuring that they are to an acceptable standard to enable manufacturing
Expert knowledge of small molecule API manufacturing processes highly desirable
Quality awareness and a proven track record of excellent quality standards
Strong knowledge of ISO/QS9000 and FDA Quality standards
Excellent oral and written communication skills with the strong ability to effectively communicate with all levels of employees and all cross-functional teams
Strong business acumen, ability to relate professionally inside the work environment with customers/colleagues
An ideal candidate is detailed orientated and able to embrace a culture of quality
Project Controls Experience
Experience Includes Costing, costing analytics and scheduling
● Experience includes generating costing program in excel spreadsheet.
● Generating cost with WinEst software, creating and maintaining the database for all disciplines, labor an materials.
● AutoCAD, Solid Works and Solid software.
● Generating cost with Timberline software, creating and maintaining the database for all disciplines, labor an materials.
● Primavera and Microsoft Projects. Generating baseline schedules.
● EV Max software. Earned value tracking.
● Analytics to determine unit rate, develop project baseline tracking unit rate accuracy.
● Generating methodology by which costing and schedule derive at the same value.(Time and Resource)
● Generation of effective tracking for cost estimates and for schedules.
● Project Management, Project Controls Oversight, training for project controls personnel. Master Scheduler /Senior Estimator
I have 25 years experience as a master scheduler. Scheduling capital and o&m projects for the nuclear indust fossil fuel industries, and green energy industries. Also I have experience in product industries . I utilize being a Senior scheduler as a primary tool to generate effective cost for client budgets given the ability and experience generate accurate alignment between cost and scheduling. Professional
Membership
Member of the American Welding Society. Member # 542217 State of Connecticut S-3 Mechanical Heating, Piping & Cooling Contractor License # 397267 Certified Welding Inspector in accordance with AWS QC1, VT-1, Certification # 12031121 ASNT-ACCP Level II, VT Inspection # 208742
Certified CEP
References Dennis Higgs Independent 706-***-**** Freddy Feus LU 188 912-***-****
John Coleman Friend 912-***-****
Kenny Skaggs Areva 757-***-****
Mike Bailey WPS 912-***-****
Bobby Clark LU 188 912-***-****
Barry Zeigler BA LU 188 912-***-****
Jay Tapley Friend 912-***-****
Objective To apply my professional skills and experience in the industry to ensure that all projects are completed to the highest standards of quality and safety, as well as being cost effective.
Contact this candidate