Caesar Hossain
Columbus, OH *****
513-***-**** ad2hff@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/caesar-hossain-4891953

PRODUCT OWNER/PROJECT MANAGER

Accomplished Business Analyst with career expertise in Business Technology Optimization, Process Modeling and Management, and Quality Assurance for enterprise client/server applications. Foster customer relationships and collaborate across functions to identify needs and develop product strategy to guide decision making. Lead teams to execute Agile projects across the Software Development and Quality Assurance Life Cycles, delivering and launching innovative products and solutions that maximize performance and profitability, improve processes, minimize risk, enhance user experience, and grow the business. Key areas of skill include:

Agility Scrum Kanban Sprint Session Product backlogs EPICS User Stories AWS Consumer Originations Loans Booking Funding Bank Card Loan Servicing Mainframe Risk Management Problem Resolution Process Improvement Requirements Elicitation Root Cause Analysis Continuous Integration Project Design ERP JIRA Confluence Training JAVA JCL COBOL ASP.NET Production Deployment Coordination Business Partnerships Systems Engineering MRO Test Automation Software WebEx App, MS Office PPM Dpmm Service Now

EXPERIENCE

3SGPlus. City Of Columbus (Department of Technology) JUL 2023 – Present
Sr. IT Product Specialist
Participates in the identification, design, development, and implementation of assigned products. Interfaces with internal and external resources to ensure successful and timely completion in accordance with user needs.
Manage development and support for new and existing applications.
Perform impact analyses on production fixes and enhancements to establish priorities.
Work with vendors to hold them accountable for quality and timely deliverables.
Coordinate product design reviews to verify that design meets quality standards and functional/technical requirements.
Confirm that technical architecture will support all changes required by product enhancements.
Review the system test approach and conditions used as the basis for detailed test scenarios.

Fifth Third Bank. Jan 2016 – April 2023
Sr. Platform Engineer – Consumer Originations Team
Collaborate with IT, Operations, and the business line to analyze non-standard business and user needs, capture user stories, maintain product backlogs, prioritize product backlog, and resolve complex system problems.
Guide and facilitate Scrum/Kanban sessions to identify GAPS for AS-IS and TO-BE processes in user stories.
Manage development and support for new and existing applications.
efficiency process for Enterprise-level Business processes to functional processes that increase system efficiencies and meet Business requirements.
Contribute expertise with IT business systems and industry requirements.
Act as a team leader for assigned projects, partners with the business unit to develop a solid knowledge base of the business line, including the business plan, products, processes, and revenue streams.
Identify, research, and analyze production problems, develop solutions, coordinate resolutions, and work on monthly enhancements to maintain productivity and efficiency.

Sr. Consultant, Sogeti USA. (GE Aviation) April 2010 - January 2016
Served as agile lead analyst to capture user stories, maintain product backlogs, prioritize product backlog, and resolve complex system problems for new applications & enhancements. Then transformed the business functional requirement/user stories to non-functional technical requirements for the developers.
Collaborated with the development team to clarify/understand functionality and business requirements, resolve issues and provide feedback from the Business Champions.
Contributed to the planning and implementation of quarterly system enhancements & changes that have helped Aero to improve their services sector and to improvise the business processes.
Experience in MRO business process (Aero FLEET)
Streamlined the testing activities, especially in user acceptance testing.
Managed multiple vendors like TCS, Satyam & iGATE throughout multiple project life cycle.
Managed 2-4 on-site developers and 3 offshore developers.
Drove root cause analysis on errors and developed solutions to fix the issue.
Implemented new processes that helped GE Services increase productivity, by reducing redundancies and manual efforts.
Trained new hires to Requirement Gathering and Business Analysis Processes quarterly.

Analysis Express LLC. (Johnson & Johnson) September 2009 - April 2010
Project Coordinator & Test Engineer
Collaborated with PM, developers, and Client throughout the entire development life cycle to elicit and manage requirements and testing.
Analyzed the Business, Functional Requirement and streamed lined the testing activities.
Developed Test plans, Test Scenarios and detailed test cases based on use case documents, business requirements and functional specifications, analyzing the test result using Quality Center.
Tested for Functionality, Security, GUI, End to End, System Configuration and Backend.
Performed Regression test to ensure integrity after modification and integration and load & stress testing in parallel upon new integration.
Worked with technical staff to validate test requirements, resolve design issues and software defects.
Created UAT Test Plan and subset of functional test cases for UAT test.

EDUCATION

Bachelor Of Science (BS) in Business Information System
Northern Kentucky University, IFS, Highland Heights, Kentucky

LANGUAGES

Bengali Hindi (Advanced)
Contact this candidate