JIM PUETZ
Lead Quality Assurance & Project Manager

SUMMARY
Tech-savvy and solution-oriented Lead Quality Assurance and Project Manager with 33 years of championing quality deployment and solutions across domestic and international companies, guaranteeing zero-risks, reduced fault-tolerance, and flawless execution using minimal resources. Track records of designing and developing strategic test plans/test cases, user requirements, and engagement models for Blackbox quality assurance customized for various industries, including financial services, software, gaming, and telecom markets. Expert integration and optimization of multiple technology platforms to boost productivity and performance efficiency, minimized resources and slashed costs by utilizing various communication channels to deliver status and progress reports for apt decision making and resolution of identified bugs/defects to uphold delivery timeline and expected product quality. Dynamic leadership shown in the interaction, partnership, and strengthening of relationships with stakeholders, executives, vendors, cross-functional and cross-cultural teams for performance efficiency that helped meet set milestones.
EXPERTISE

Project Quality Analysis
International/Offshore Team Mgmt.
Cross-Cultural Leadership
Strategic/Budget Management
Software Lifecycle Development
Business Acceptance Testing
Contract Negotiation
Product documentation / Deployment
International Team Management
Stakeholder/Vendor Relationship
Quality Assurance
Infrastructure Deployment
Test Cases/Test Plans – Hybrid Agile
Black Box Testing
Scope Definition

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

QA Specialist August 2021 – Jan 2024
Apple/Hogarth, Sunnyvale, CA
Overview: Hired to oversee the lifecycle of development, execution, and testing of Apple/Hogarth products in web environments with a Macintosh / iPad/iPhone in a localized environment for all 33 country regions.
Successful development and execution of web testing on IOS & Mac OS with new Macintosh, iPad and IPhone models for 33 different country regions for Apple Retail Store applications.
Enhanced productivity with timely execution with small groups, testers and developers for localized Apple Retail pages.
Reduced risks plus zero fault-tolerance with the use of Radar to develop test cases and bug reporting
Reduced unnecessary cost while maximizing available resources by updating the Localized Project Manager throughout the test cycle, UAT, enabling timely identification and resolution of issues within a set timeframe
Expertise across multiple operating environments optimized for functional and localized phases including Macintosh, IOS.

QA Specialist Oct. 2019 - Apr. 2021
Google/ThinkOrb, Mountain View, CA
Overview: Designated to facilitate the quality execution of digital infrastructure, including E-learning modules, System and Mandatory Service Announcement (MSA) emails, and Intellum letter triggers by measuring and monitoring successful intermediate and end deliverables.

Maximize resources for apt completion of all project deliverables/goals via regular communication with cross-functional partners, instructional designers, and other stakeholders for timely modification and last-minute adjustments
Promote a cross-cultural environment through open communication with Indian shore teams to define deliverables for timely completion and regular status report
Achieve zero scopes creep via the detailed design of a feasible Quality Assurance Plan that define and update best practices and standard operating procedures, facilitating quality delivery
Drive technical digitalization with the optimization of Google CMS, Kintaro to draft test cases and periodic tests for easy presentation of metadata content in Intellum in the API
Boost the success of current and future software testing with the launch of test tracker test case repository for use by QA team after detailed drafting and quarterly testing/release within Intellum’s sandbox and staging environment

QA Lead Consultant (Contract) Mar. – Apr. 2019/Feb. –Apr. 2018
Apple/Hogarth, Sunnyvale, CA
Overview: Contracted to oversee the lifecycle of development, execution, and testing of Apple/Hogarth products in web environments
with a pencil in a localized environment for Australia/New Zealand and Turkey.
Spearheaded the successful development and execution of web testing on IOS & Mac X with iPhone-Red Site and iPad 9.7 for
Australia/New Zealand and IOS, Mac X, Android with Apple Arcade, Apple TV+, Apple Watch and iPad for Turkey
Enhanced productivity with timely execution via efficient management of a small group of testers for the localized websites
Reduced risks plus zero fault-tolerance with the use of Radar to develop test cases and bug reporting
Reduced unnecessary cost while maximizing available resources by updating the Localized Project Manager throughout the test cycle, enabling timely identification and resolution of issues within a set timeframe
Expertise across multiple operating environments optimized for functional and localized phases including Macintosh, IOS,
and Android, etc.

QA Lead/Project Manager Consultant (Contract) Apr. 2018 – Sept. 2018
Dolby Labs, San Francisco, CA
Overview: Charged with the successful design and execution of Dolby Content Management System (Ingeniux CMS) with the oversight of creating test cases tested across multiple operating environments like Windows, Macintosh, IOS, and Android with Functional, End to End, and Regression phases in the testing cycle.
Minimized uninterrupted operations for performance efficiency by utilizing Jira for issue/bug reporting and tracking for timely resolution in liaison with Development Vendor during testing progress
Facilitated strategic decision making and implementation of test results across Dolby products via a timely and regular update on test status and reports to Dolby Business Team
Enhanced deliverability and smooth workflow with the integration of Salesforce for CMS asset user creation, configuring business accounts, configured licensing agreements, support cases, and reporting

QA Manager/PM (Contract) Sept. 2017 – Dec. 2017
CrossFit Corp, Scotts Valley, CA
Overview: Authorized to optimize extensive experience to create and launch the QA Process tested across multiple operating systems, including IOS, Windows, and Mac X OS environment used in the CrossFit Development Agile Lifecycle.
Enabled successful testing in OS environment within Functional, End to End, and Compatibility testing cycle with a regular status report to Product Owners for CrossFit 2018 Open
Enhanced overall productivity and performance efficiency by motivating and supervising 5 QA Engineers during testing cycles, test case development, and test plan design
Strengthened the company’s market and business edge via a partnership with an outside QA vendor for liaison throughout testing lifecycles on various hardware and software platforms

QA Manager/PM (Contract) Mar. 2017 – Jun. 2017
Lunera, Santa Clara, CA
Overview: Appointed to optimize a blend of the company’s product knowledge and experience to design, develop, and execute test
plans and test cases for Lunera Lighting products while promoting collaboration and open communication using SharePoint for testing with Content Management.
Improved user experience and acceptability by maximizing various light development platforms to test light firmware based on detailed and well-structured test plan and test cases
Optimized different communication channel (oral and written) for regular test status and progress reports while strengthening relationships with various stakeholders and senior managers
Promoted compatibility and user experience across various platforms by performing the test in IOS, Windows, and Mac X OS environments

QA/Technical Project Release Manager (Contract) Sept. 2015 – Mar. 2017
Wells Fargo Bank, San Francisco, CA
Overview: Tasked with managing multiple banking applications projects, efficiently maximizing resources with quality delivery by optimizing different technical platforms to boost productivity and efficiency while minimizing expenditure via detailed planning, regular update, and communication.
Contributed to the successful initiation and execution of 17 projects from Release Strategic initiatives to infrastructure projects by optimizing expertise and SLDC to design feasible project plans that delivered target milestones
Established a communication link with stakeholders, senior management, and executives for regular status update while designing an executive presentation that detailed business needs and risks for timely resolution
Promoted collaboration and information dissemination by integrating documentation libraries, status, and business case documentation within SharePoint while maintaining Project Management Universal Workstation (PMUWS)
Guaranteed high functionality, quality, and improved user experience for banking products via testing across OS and ecommerce environment including IOS, Android, Windows, Mac X OS with Functional and Regression testing phases
Cut costs, reconciled discrepancies, and minimized unnecessary expenditure via practical budget forecast while optimizing various BSS systems to test large scale projects with regular tracking using Jira and Quality Center (ALM)

IT Manager (Contract) Jun. 2014 – Sept. 2015
Chavez Institute (Non-Profit), San Jose, CA
Overview: Recruited to manage overall IT for all the Attorneys via driving IT transformation and digitalization by supporting Chavez Institute IT deliverables, including server, client configuration, etc.
Eased smooth workflow with the expansion of multiple communication channels that guaranteed confidentiality of attorney-client interaction with the setup and configuration of Skype centers for remote communication
Promoted IT education by providing guidance and coaching for all Chavez Institute attorneys across the US, supporting them on IT-related issues, questions, and deliverables
Drove the institute's digital expansion with the initiation, planning, and development of digital presence via website design and social media presence/interaction

QA/Project Release Lead (Contract) Mar. 2014 – Jun. 2014
FPL.com – Accenture, Miami, FL
Overview: charged with the redesign, testing, and launch of UI/UX website tested across Windows, Macintosh, IOS, and Android environments, effectively defining QA Agile strategy and milestones to ensure quality delivery and deployment.
Guaranteed quality of deliverables via detailed training session that readied testers for sprint execution as well as strategically designed QA engagement model defined across participating Lead PMs, Developers, and Tracks
Devised a strategic test plan/milestone that ensured timely achievement of all deliverables by securing necessary access and available tools for QA Testers, tracked progress and execution against set timeline with apt identification and resolution of defects
Established an open communication channel that facilitated timely status reports/updates via written materials and oral presentations during meetings with Lead QA and Lead Business Analyst

BAT/Project Release Lead (Contract) Sept. 2013 – Mar. 2014
Cisco – Accenture, Milpitas, CA
Overview: Designated to oversee the successful definition and execution of BAT (Business Acceptance Testing) deliverables, milestones, and defects against various established projects within Cisco based on a set timeframe.
Strengthened stakeholders’ relationship including Lead PMs and business/stakeholders by communicating and updating during BAT kickoff and subsequent meetings on consolidated BAT scenarios, data setup, requests, and order creation requirements
Maximized resources and budget by ensuring delivery aligns with set requirements based on an accurately defined engagement model for participating Lead PMs, tracks, data setup/order creation teams, and audiences
Minimized underperformance and improved efficiency by training, equipping, readying BAT testers for execution
Improved users experience and engagement by providing and facilitating access and tools for all stages

QA Project Release Coordinator (Contract – Windows Upgrade) Jan. 2012 – Jun. 2013
PG&E, San Francisco, CA
Overview: Tasked with flawless execution and quality deployment PG&E business application, successfully designing and developing effective Application Validation test plan and test cases and ensured high functionality and usability through hands-on testing.
Deployed multiple flawless business applications that met users’ approval while exceeding PG&E expectation by matching testing models and defects against set milestone and defined scope throughout the Application Validation lifecycle
Facilitated timely executions and deployment with a minimal resource via timely identification and meticulous resolution of issues/bugs during the application validation lifecycle in partnership with Architecture Team and PG&E Business teams
Enabled successful windows integration based on Windows 7 Compatibility Standards through oversight of User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and Pre-Testing of all Business Applications

QA Lead (Contract – Project: SWTC) Apr. 2011 – Nov. 2011
Levi Strauss, San Francisco, CA
QA Project Coordinator (Contract – Project: AppVal) Jul. 2010 – Apr. 2011
Yahoo Inc., Santa Clara, CA
QA Manager Consultant (Contract – Project: UKOM) Jan. 2010 – Jul. 2010
Nielsen/Netratings – Sunnyvale, CA
QA Consultant (Contract – Project: Songbird Media Player Application) Aug. 2009 – Jan. 2010
Songbird – San Francisco, CA
QA Consultant (Contract – Project: Sales Express Application) Jun. 2008 – Dec. 2008
Wells Fargo Bank – San Francisco, CA
QA Consultant (Contract – Project: ProXchange) Mar. 2008 – Jun. 2008
Omneon Networks - Sunnyvale, CA
QA Test Lead Consultant (Contract – Project: WBTS Build Management System) Oct. 2007 – Mar. 2008
Electronic Arts - Redwood City, CA
QA Test Lead Consultant (Contract – Project: Developers Community) Mar. 2007 – Oct. 2007
Adobe Systems - San Francisco, CA
QA Functional Lead (Project: Uncutvideo Project) Oct. 2006 – Mar. 2007
AOL LLC - Mountain View, CA
QA Project Manager (Contract – Project: CA Licensing Management) Apr. 2006 – Oct. 2006
Adobe Systems - San Jose, CA
EDUCATION & QUALIFICATION

Associate Art Degree from De Anza College, 1993
General Education

TECHNICAL SKILLS

OPERATING SYSTEMS
Windows Mac OS, Android, iPhone/Ipad IOS, Unix/Linux – Redhat (Gnome), Solaris, VMWare (Virtual OS), Apache Web Server,
Apache Tomcat App Server, IBM AIX

TEST TOOLS
Selenium, Perforce (Source Control), JIRA, Watson, LWS, HP Quality Center, Clearquest, Salesforce, SharePoint, Business Objects, Test
Case Management System, BLT, CMS, Test Director, Mantis, WHQL Automation, Test Rail, Confluence, GITHUB, Applitools, Jenkins

TESTING ENVIRONMENTS
Java applets/Javascript, XML, HTML/ASP, Telephony, E-commerce, MPEG, AVI, and QuickTime streaming, Flash, SAP, C++, AJAX, Ruby
on Rails C++, Sybase Database, J2EE, Devtrack, Websphere 8.1, .NET, Salesforce

1303 Scossa Ave #1 San Jose, CA 95118
408-***-****
ad2ki8@r.postjobfree.com
Linkedin: www.linkedin.com/in/jimpuetz
Contact this candidate