Aleksandr Glamazdin
Software Quality Assurance Profile
Newport News, VA, 23606 • ad2l07@r.postjobfree.com • 757-***-**** https://www.linkedin.com/in/aleksandr-glamazdin-641269a5/ Analytical, dedicated professional with strong technical acumen in leading the development, testing, operation, and optimization of complex data acquisition. Highly proficient in manual/automated testing, coding, and Agile/Waterfall development. Excel at formulating robust testing strategies, utilizing Agile/Waterfall methodologies, and overseeing test planning and case design, complemented by recently completed QA courses. Skilled in identifying errors within the software through critical data analysis. Adept at identifying, developing, and automating test cases through multiple frameworks/tools. Well-versed in conducting regression integration, system, repeatability, interface, usability, UAT, on-fly, load, static, performance, and black box testing to provide bug-free solutions/products. Track record of steering automation projects towards completion within agreed timelines and budgetary frames. Capable of gathering, evaluating, and interpreting technical requirements in the software development process. Notable success in contributing 100 publications in referred physics journals, including Science and Nature. Fluent in Russian and Ukrainian. Technical Proficiencies
Tools, Methodologies & Languages:
Testing Expertise:
Selenium Postman Jira Agile Waterfall Linux Windows Fortran Shell Scripting HTML
C C++ C# SQL Java Perl
Manual Testing Functional Testing Non-functional Testing Black Box Testing White Box Testing Automation Testing
Academic Highlights
The Complete Quality Assurance Course: Learned about Quality Assurance from scratch, Udemi, 2023 Specialized in QA Manual Testing with Live Project, AGILE, and JIRA, Udemi, 2023 Career Experience
Logistics Manager, Prep and Pack, Virginia Beach, VA 2019 - Current Oversee core on-site elements, including warehouse maintenance, shipping and receiving. Build, coach, and lead a team of dedicated warehouse employees to improve overall service delivery. Ensure timely delivery of goods and materials to meet production schedules and customer expectations. Analyze data and generate reports on critical logistics metrics, such as on-time delivery, inventory turnover, and cost per unit shipped, while identifying service improvement areas.
Drove significant improvements in pallet labeling/shipping and product packaging.
Optimized inventory levels by monitoring stock levels, conducting regular audits, and implementing efficient storage solutions, reducing overstock and stockouts.
Contractor, Lintech Instrumentation, LLC, Williamsburg, VA 2017 - 2019 Led research, design and testing of novel ionization chambers and neutron imaging detectors using CAD software. Oversaw high- performing teams in entire aspects of day-to-day operations while meeting and exceeding set expectations. Managed the planning, scheduling, and inspection of core projects, such as routine system maintenance and service work.
Steered the design and commissioning of an ion chamber with unique parameters. Research Associate, University of Virginia, Charlottesville, VA 2016 - 2017 Conducted manual testing, including regression integration, system, repeatability, interface, usability, UAT, on-fly, load, static, performance, black box, and several others. Oversaw test planning and case design to improve product quality. Leveraged simulation and optimization software packages for modeling and calculations. Led hardware upgrade, testing, and operational aspects to improve on-site productivity. Documented equipment, data, and experiments using HTML.
Researched, developed, and prototyped assembly and testing of gas mixing system for GEM detectors.
Steered the creation, testing, and operation of data acquisition/analysis via EPICS, PAW, CODA, SQL, FORTRAN, C, and C++. Research Scientist, Kharkiv Institute of Physics and Technology, Kharkiv, Ukraine 1983 - 2016 Conducted manual testing, including regression integration, system, repeatability, interface, usability, UAT, on-fly, load, static, performance, black box, and others. Utilized HTML to document equipment, data, and experiments.
Demonstrated extensive knowledge and practical use of relevant software packages for engineering design (CAD), including magnet design and optimization (OPERA/TOSCA), particle detector design and simulation (GEANT), data analysis (PAW), industrial data control and data acquisition (EPICS).
Fostered strong collaboration with Jefferson Lab (Newport News, VA). Positioned as a Visitor Researcher in Jefferson Lab and Liaison of Cooperation between Kharkov and JLab. Led core aspects of Moller Polarimeter and took active part in JLab scientific program.
Educational Background
PhD in Physics, Kharkiv Institute of Physics and Technology, Kharkiv, Ukraine Master’s Degree in Science, Kharkiv National University, Kharkiv, Ukraine
Contact this candidate