Richard Plaspohl II
History of effectively overseeing 60 workers in high-volume production settings as successful canning supervisor. Offering 20 years of experience and solid focus on performance optimization. Safety- knowledgeable and adaptable to dynamic operational conditions. Experienced production leader knowledgeable about Good manufacturing practices and regulatory requirements. Capable of directing and motivating employees to accomplish challenging performance and quality objectives. Successful at keeping costs under control and employee job satisfaction high while promoting safety and compliance. Developed, recorded and produced production reports with AS400 and MFG Pro. Increased overall efficiency from 70% in 2016 to 95% in 2018 through focused training and through follow up. My 2019 cost savings project increased production and saved over $30,000 in overtime costs by more focused based thinking on schedule changes that made the lines run more efficiently. I have been an integral part in helping the plant achieve the initiative of real-time scanning, which has never been implemented at the facility. In 2020, my cost savings project saved the plant over $70,000 in improved staffing and efficient employee placement during the pandemic to maximize overall efficiency. My 2022 cost savings project has resulted in record breaking production numbers while minimizing overhead expenses.
Skills
Safety and compliance
Project management
Schedule management
Quality assurance
Process optimization
Operations management
Cost reduction and containment
Work History
Operations Manager
Address 808 Cumberland Ave, West Lafayette, IN,
47906
Phone 765-***-****
E-mail ad2nj5@r.postjobfree.com
Dec 2021 -
Current
3rd Shift Operations Manager
Copper Moon Coffee Company, Lafayette, IN
Trained staff of direct labor employees to perform assembly and manufacture of specified products.
Prepared in advance for and addressed production problems, material deficits, equipment failures and unavoidable delays. Utilized lean practices to balance workflow and alleviate redundancy. Boosted production throughput and quality by revamping procedures and monitoring strategies.
Monitored materials use to identify concerns and keep costs low. Evaluated team member performance regularly to identify and resolve productivity concerns.
Modernized and improved operational procedures to increase productivity and profitability while tightly controlling costs. Sep 2021 -
Dec 2021
Production Supervisor
Indiana Packers Corporation, Delphi, IN
Prepared in advance for and addressed production problems, material deficits, equipment failures and unavoidable delays. Trained staff of direct labor employees to perform assembly and manufacture of specified products.
Set and enforced performance-oriented production approach, significantly increasing worker output and reducing safety incidents. Monitored materials use to identify concerns and keep costs low. Reduced inventory and monthly team labor hours by strategically updating processes and reorganizing operational workflows.
Boosted production throughput and quality by revamping procedures and monitoring strategies.
Evaluated team member performance regularly to identify and resolve productivity concerns.
Jun 2015 -
Sep 2021
Operations Manager
Hormel Foods Corp De, Beloit, WI
Reduced inventory and monthly team labor hours by strategically updating processes and reorganizing operational workflow.
Maintained clean and well-organized production areas to avoid violations or unnecessary work delays due to hazards or inefficient layouts. Conducted routine inspections of incoming materials to check quality and compliance with established product specifications. Boosted production throughput and quality by revamping procedures and monitoring strategies.
Revitalized the canning department's operational structures and procedures to successful control turnover and waste, enhance output and boost overall quality.
Minimized resource and time losses by addressing employee or production issue directly and implementing timely solutions.
Evaluated employee skills and knowledge regularly, providing hands-on training and mentoring to individuals with lagging skills. Established clear priorities and production quality standards. Nov 1998 -
Jun 2015
Production Team Leader
Rea Magnet Wire Company Inc., Lafayette, IN
Prepared, calibrated and monitored production machinery to maintain optimal production levels and consistently achieve daily targets. Monitored and evaluated teams, identifying and targeting opportunities for improvement.
Evaluated employee skills and knowledge regularly, providing hands-on training and mentoring to individuals with lagging skills. Boosted efficiency by coordinating projects and assignments for 15 team members.
Analyzed equipment breakdowns using various troubleshooting methods. Enforced quality assurance protocols to deliver ideal customer experiences. Set, enforced and optimized internal policies to maintain efficiency and responsiveness to demands.
Supported regulatory compliance by overseeing all audits to verify protocol adherence.
Education
Aug 1993 -
Aug 1997
High School Diploma
Jefferson High School - Lafayette, IN
Certifications
Warehouse Management certification 2015
Better Process Control School certification 2016
Dale Carnegie Course completion 2017
Building Personal Influence certification 2018
Meat Science certification 2018
Supervisor Leadership Development certification 2019
Contact this candidate