MICHELLE COLEMAN

ad34jy@r.postjobfree.com

Summary

770-***-****

Grayson, GA 30017

focused in and out of my Industry profession with Skills of the trade that is required for said Task and occupation

Proactive leader with strengths in
communication and collaborative

Proficient in leveraging in Area of expertise

knowledge to promote the necessary Result that’s expected of the Company Adept at

managing concurrent objectives to
promote efficiency and influence
positive outcomes.

Skills

© Patient evaluation © Quality assurance
© Patient satisfaction delivery © Goal oriented

© Practice management compliance © Ambitious

¢ Treatment standards © Competitive

Experience —— a

Premium Kicks Atlanta, GA
Co/Owner
01/2009 - 02/2022

Walmart Tucker, GA
Assistant Manager
04/2008 - 01/2011

Family Dollar Duluth, GA
Store Manager
03/2006 - 12/2008

Wilson Leather Lawarenceville,GA
Assistant Manager
08/2005 - 11/2006

Education and Training

Jesup W. Scott High School Toledo, OH
High School Diploma
06/1993

I was responsible for all the day to day operations which included
but not limited to the sales and purchasing of rare exclusive
merchandise. I maintained and promoted the social media platforms I
processed all payroll and projected monthly budgets recruited all
potential employees maintained overalls customer relationships as
well as retained customer experience’s continued on keeping a high
end appearance and aesthetic to ensure the competitive edge the store
upheld in the lifestyle culture.

I mentored all staffs enhance skills set personal goals as well as
achieving daily goals and targets deli gated responsibilities based on
individual strength and weaknesses I was able to utilize hands on
leadership Skills! Kept overall company morale and exceptional
customer experience above company Standards.

Delivered excellent customer service

and adhered to standard practices to

maximize sales and minimize shrinkage. Increased positive
employee production to ensure that all task be met above companies
standards!

Directed and led employees, supervising
activities to drive productivity and

efficiency. Collaborated with store manager to
develop strategies for achieving sales

and profit goals.
Contact this candidate