VANDANA KUMARI
**** ***** ******* ******, *****, FL 33647
656-***-****
ad35qc@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Overall, I am a versatile and diligent professional with dual expertise in credit management and business analysis.
As a Senior Credit Manager, I have over 14 years of experience in financial analysis, underwriting, audit support, account reconciliations, cash management and collections, automated Clearing House (ACH), Wires, cross border & cross currency payments (used SWIFT for international funds transfer), Letter of credit/Documentary credit and Bank Guarantees. I have also successfully handled operational controls, managed and executed payment projects and ensured compliance with KYC & AML regulations.
I have diverse business analysis experience with demonstrated ability in improving business value through change initiatives from concept to completion. I am skilled in SQL, Tableau, Power BI, UML, SDLC, Agile, Scrum and Jira.
I am proficient in preparing financial statements, monitoring and payment controls, completing closings, audits, quality assurance, risk management, governance and compliance. I have working knowledge of LAS and Finacle banking software, U.S. GAAP, and Treasury products and services.
I am highly detail-oriented, proactive and adept at working effectively unsupervised and quickly mastering new skills. I have superior communication skills, friendly demeanor, and an exceptional ability to work collaboratively with individuals across all business functions.

Key Skills:
Acquired knowledge of business analysis covering requirements elicitation, analysis, modeling, documentation, communication, and validation to ensure successful system development throughout the project life cycle.
Experienced in financial Analysis, account reconciliations, collections & cash Management, financial Statement preparations, automated Clearing House (ACH), Wires, cross border & cross currency payments, Letter of credit/Documentary credit and Bank Guarantees
Implemented & managed payment Controls, audit support, quality assurance, risk management, governance & compliance, operational controls, and KYC & AML
Proficient in using PowerPoint, Excel, and MS Word
Working experience of LAS and Finacle banking software
Used Oracle with banking application interface for vault management.
Used SWIFT for international funds transfer.
Critical thinking and analytical skills.
Qualitative and quantitative data interpretation skills.
Proficient in oral and written communication.
Conducting Interview.

Technical Skills:
Tools- MS Office Suite (Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint & Outlook), MS Visio, Tableau, JIRA
Programming Languages- SQL(MySql)
Modeling Designing- MS Visio, Lucid chart
Statistical Techniques- Data Visualization
Data Skills- SQL, Tableau, Power BI, Power Pivots
Methodologies- Agile-scrum, Waterfall, JIRA

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Company: Taskimpetus inc, Remote Oct 2022- till date
Role: Business Analyst

Interacted with Business Stakeholders and Subject Matter Experts to gather requirements using various elicitation techniques.
Created wireframes to give detailed overview of product UI and features. Also, created mockups and prototypes using MS Visio for implementing mobile design to enhance UI experience.
Wrote clear user stories following the INVEST criteria for the product owner and ensures that the stories have enough details.
Assisted in various scrum ceremonies like Product Visioning, Backlog Grooming, Release Planning, Sprint Planning meeting, Daily standup meeting, Sprint Review meetings and Sprint Retrospective meetings.
Proactively maintained User story lifecycle using JIRA from adding the issue to marking the story as done which is followed by Product Owner’s review- approval and signoff.
Assisted product owner in creating, slicing the epics to user stories, and prioritizing them by various techniques.
Used JIRA for creating/updating projects, created the PBIs in the Product Backlog, created user stories, tracked the progress, and also assisted in customizing as per functional team preferences and utilized it to track the user stories to completion.
Assisted the team in pulling the user stories and breaking them into tasks by verifying the SMART criteria during the Sprint Planning Meeting and maintained Burndown charts.
Actively involved in discussions with the Developers and assisted them in understanding the business requirements and to answer any of their business questions and ensure that there is no ambiguity.

Environment: Agile Scrum, MySQL, MS office tools, MS project, MS Visio, JIRA

Union Bank Of India,
Bangalore, India
Role: Senior Credit Manager July 2008- Oct 2022

·Conducted thorough financial analysis to assess creditworthiness and make informed lending decisions.
·Proficient in structuring letters of credit, examining documents, and ensuring adherence to LC requirements and international trade regulations.
·Provided audit support, ensuring accurate financial reporting and compliance with regulatory standards.
·Managed account reconciliations and collections efforts to optimize revenue and reduce delinquencies.
·Prepared and reviewed financial statements, identified trends, and recommended strategies for improvement.
·Implemented effective payment controls in automated Clearing House (ACH), Wires, cross border and cross currency payments, monitored payment processes, and ensured timely closures.
·Collaborated with cross-functional teams to facilitate audit processes, quality assurance, and risk management.
·Demonstrated keen attention to detail and adherence to governance and compliance guidelines.
·Managed operational controls, payment projects, and analyst tasks to streamline processes.
·Played a pivotal role in KYC and AML efforts, maintaining high standards of observation and compliance.
·Working experience of LAS and Finacle banking software.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Arts in Political Science,
Magadh University, April 2003
India.

CERTIFICATIONS

·Certificate of completion 8 Weeks/20 Hours training program,
Entitled: Business Analyst Professional from Taskimpetus inc
·Pursuing Financial Management Certificate program from Cornell University
·Associate of Indian Institute of Banking and Finance (CAIIB),2010
·Junior Associate of Indian Institute of Banking and Finance (JAIIB),2008
·Diploma in Banking and Finance, 2012
Contact this candidate