Gary Yan
ad39xj@r.postjobfree.com • 832-***-****
LinkedIn • Missouri City, TX, 77459
Restaurant General Manager
Dynamic and process-driven professional with extensive experience in driving excellence in guest hospitality and quality assurance while optimizing cost management through effective supplier relationships. Skilled in establishing dedicated and loyal customer base through consistent delivery of exceptional food and service, resulting in strong brand reputation and positive word-of-mouth marketing. Adept at ensuring operational efficiency and facility organization for enhanced business productivity. Proficient in managing finances, controlling costs, cultivating customer loyalty, and expanding presence, driving restaurant to new heights. Recognized for outstanding performance and community involvement & assisting in feeding first responders during covid with Certificate of Congressional Recognition by US Congressman Pete Olson and honored with House Resolution from Texas Governor Greg Abbott and Texas State Representative Jacey Jetton.
Core Competencies
Operational Management
Cost Management
Supplier Negotiation
Quality Assurance
Talent Recruitment
Guest Hospitality
Versatile Adaptation
Optimistic Resilience
Strategic Planning
Partnership Development
Cross-Functional Collaboration
Proactive Problem-Solving
Selected Achievements
Attained objective of achieving high client retention at Bloorview Kids Rehab.
Received prestigious Triple Gold rating on the NSF Audit at Bloorview Kids Rehab, showcasing exceptional compliance with quality standards.
Coordinated and launched pioneering 1st and 2nd Canadian Tire Corp and Richtree Market "Q" Restaurants in Windsor and Milton, Ontario.
Transformed underperforming locations to profitable flagship establishments for operational excellence at McDonald's and Richtree Markets/Movenpick of Switzerland.
Recognized as an Outstanding Manager for delivering outstanding sales growth and operational excellence.
Spearheaded the inaugural Walmart & McDonald's joint venture flagship location launch in Toronto, Canada.
Professional Experience
Alings Inc, Sugar Land, USA 2010 to Present
General Manager
Managed cross-functional teams, ensuring effective collaboration and productivity. Implemented and oversaw guest hospitality and quality assurance initiatives, safeguarding culinary excellence. Sourced suppliers and negotiated cost-effective contracts, optimizing cost management. Directed recruitment and selection processes to secure top talent for key positions. Delivered exceptional service, fostering business partnerships with stakeholders. Ensured operational efficiency and organization of facilities / equipment to enhance business productivity. Nurtured strong client relationships and ensured delivery of high-quality services.
●Recognized for robust performance & community involvement during pandemic with Certificate of Congressional Recognition by US Congressman Pete Olson.
●Received House Resolution from Texas Governor Greg Abbott and Texas State Representative Jacey Jetton.
Veranova Properties Ltd, Toronto, Canada 2008 to 2010
Property Manager
Applied regular maintenance schedules, conducted major repairs, and supervised capital improvement projects to keep facilities in optimal condition and appealing to prospective tenants.
●Successfully expanded the portfolio from 46 to 268 properties, showcasing operational excellence and client development prowess.
Sodexo Canada, Burlington, Canada 2006 to 2007
General Manager of Operations
Administered management of all Food (including Starbucks, Tim Horton's Coffee, Onsite Cooking Cafe, and Inpatient Meals) & Environmental Services at Bloorview Kids Rehab. Developed and executed strategic plans to optimize operational efficiency, enhance service quality, and increase client satisfaction. Forged and maintained robust partnerships with business operation teams to instigate improvements in established processes and workflows. Managed budget, control costs, and maximize revenue through effective pricing and revenue management strategies. Maintained high-quality standards throughout organization, from cleanliness and maintenance to service delivery and food and beverage offerings.
●Accomplished 3% yearly increase in business growth by spearheading operations and long-range planning.
●Received prestigious Triple Gold rating on the NSF Audit at Bloorview Kids Rehab, showcasing exceptional compliance with quality standards.
Additional Experience
General Manager of Operations, Richtree Market Restaurants, Toronto, Ontario
Operations Manager, Mövenpick Restaurants of Switzerland, Richtree Markets Inc, Toronto, Canada
General Manager, McDonald's Restaurants of Canada, Toronto, Ontario
Education
Bachelor of Arts: Advanced Audits- Accounting
University of Poona - India
Contact this candidate