RICHARD HORNER
SENIOR CONSTRUCTION MANAGER
Charlotte, NC 940-***-**** ad39cz@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/bsbrichardhorner/
PROFILE
Dedicated and accomplished senior construction manager with 15+ years of overall experience in construction management, project planning and execution, quality assurance (QA), and risk management. Critical thinker, creative problem-solver, and change manager with an LEED Platinum certification, adept at overseeing all phases of large-scale construction projects, including structural design, construction, safety inspections, handover, and operations, as well as directing preventive maintenance programs and operations team training to drive sustainable building operations. Hands-on leader and excellent communicator who excels at building and managing high-performing teams of architects and engineers, cultivating positive working relationships with key stakeholders, and serving as a key strategic advisor for senior leadership.
AREAS OF EXPERTISE
- Construction Management - Architecture & Engineering Leadership - Project Management
- Quality Assurance & Quality Control - Safety Inspections & Reporting - Risk Management & Assessment
- Value Engineering - Qualitative Data Analysis - Construction Drawing Review
- Agile, Scrum, & Lean Methodologies - Structural Design - Budget Management
- System Architecture & Troubleshooting - Process Improvement & Automation - Change Management
KEY ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Saved $60M in Albemarle’s forecasted budget by organizing the global project portfolio, creating design, furniture, and construction standards to ensure high-quality delivery, and removing 10 projects that were on hold and never cancelled.
Delivered a $165M, 30-story interior office space fit out in the Houston Galleria North Post Oak for BHP Billiton by managing all project phases, including design, quality assurance, contracts and budgets, and general contractor and vendor sourcing.
Drove the completion of a Shreveport LNG 2-story office building project worth $15M for BHP Billiton by leading all design, construction, and QA processes, including access control, fire and safety systems, furniture, signage, and technology.
Increased profitability for BHP Billiton by leading a $12.5M, 3-year project to complete the design, demolition, and construction of 22K square feet and 10 floors of renovated office space.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
GLOBAL CAPITAL PROJECTS CONSTRUCTION MANAGER – Albemarle, Charlotte, NC October 2023 – Feb 2024
Provides comprehensive management of all corporate and real estate projects, including project management plan creation, setup using SAP, design, execution, and handover. Sources general contractors, project managers, and architects and employs agile methodologies to manage entire projects.
Optimizes design and construction processes by designing and installing software solutions to automate processes, eliminate errors, and enhance the user experience, as well as providing technical support and troubleshooting network architecture.
Mitigates risks during major construction projects by managing material and non-material risks and developing risk registers, risk assessments, and internal controls.
Ensured completion of a key project with 0 incidents by removing a contracted vendor that did not qualify for HSE safety rating and identifying another vendor that met necessary safety requirements.
oMaximized the possibility of partnering with qualified vendors by updating and improving processes for properly vetting all vendors.

PRINCIPAL COE ENGINEERING, SECURITY, & RISK – BHP Billiton, Houston, TX Canada August 2008 – October 2023
Served as project manager for numerous large-scale construction projects, including interior high-rise construction, field office construction, conference room design, gym buildouts, audio visual (AV) system buildouts, Cyviz meeting rooms, and cafeteria buildouts. Managed a global portfolio of 16 locations and developed relationships with various vendors, including data cabling, AV, printer, construction, and security vendors.
Directed the completion of multiple construction projects worth up to $10M by managing material and non-material risk mitigation, engineering design performance standards annual reviews, incident investigations, and reporting on safety events.
oManaged the $8M design of office space for a 4-story building in Saskatoon, including overseeing security, construction, mechanical, electrical, and plumbing (MEP), AV, technology, and operations.
oGuided the $3M design and installation of office sky signs and interior signage for a client’s logo rebranding across 4 locations in Texas, Arizona, and Canada.
oDesigned and managed construction of a $6M interior fit out for a technology remote operations center and SCADA systems for natural gas operations, including a data center and floor buildout for office space.
oExecuted the $5M buildout of a 5.5K-square-foot gym by creating a business case, gaining AFE approval, negotiating subcontractor contracts, and overseeing the design and construction of all fitness areas and environmental controls.
oOversaw the design and construction of $10M, 22K-square-foot cafeteria that converts to a town hall space for up to 150 people and various meetings.
Led the operations team to achieve a D5 rating from the Hackett audit and optimize user experience surveys by working with the project management office to implement a check and balance system to confirm building projects met quality standards.
Completed numerous projects with 0 significant injuries or fatalities by creating a material risk register and risk bowties for all material risk, including performance standards and controls, to mitigate risk in worst case scenarios and pass audits.
Enabled sustainable building operations and reduced costs by developing and implementing innovative maintenance and building management solutions, as well as leading continuous improvement initiatives.
ADDITIONAL PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
SENIOR TECHNICIAN – Fluke Electronics, Carrollton, TX
CUSTOMER ENGINEER – Delphax Technologies, Grapevine, TX
TECHNICIAN LEVEL II – Motorola Corporation, Ft. Worth, TX
FIELD SERVICE TECHNICIAN – Payless Cashways, Inc., Dallas, TX
EDUCATION & CERTIFICATIONS
Bachelor of Science (B.S.) in Business Management – University of Phoenix
Associate Degree in Computer Systems Occupational Technology – Microcomputer Technology Institute, Friendswood, TX
LEED Platinum Certification
Lean Six Sigma Green Belt - ATI
ESSW
30-Hour Certification (# 26-601******) – OSHA
First Aid & CPR Certification (#158*******) – St. John’s
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Jira Miro Kai Nexus Systems Applications & Products (SAP) Fiori SharePoint Documentum Bluebeam MS Project Gantt Visio Minitab Microsoft Office – Excel, PowerPoint, & Word Onguard Lenel Access control Gallagher Business case presentations

PROJECTS
oSaskatoon 4 story building in Canada- 8M- Design (Client)
oDesign of office space for 4 floor fit out in Saskatoon, Security, Construction, MEP, AV, Technology, and operations.
oGlobal Sky Sign project – 3M- Design/Project Management/Quality (Client) 2018
oProject manage design and installation of office sky signs and interior signage for rebranding of company logo. 4 locations in Houston, Trinidad and Tobago, Arizona and Canada.
oHouston 30 story Interior office space fit out in Houston Galleria North Post Oak- 165M- Design/Project Manager/Quality (Client) 2017
oProject manage all aspects of project from sourcing General contractor, furniture vendor, IT, AV, MEP and Security vendors. Managed all contracts and budget for project from Design, execution and handover. 22 office floors, Parking garage, Business center, Conference Center, Cafeteria, Mail room, 11k sqf Gym, Board room floor with CISCO telepresence rooms. Used first STC high rating MAARS walls for conference rooms. Managed change from single person offices to open plan work space.
oTROC/SCADA fit out and data Center- 6M- Design/Project Management/Quality (Client) 2016
oDesign and project manage construction of interior fit out for Technology remote operations center and SCADA systems for natural gas operations. Included Data center and floor build out for office space, Operating centers that include redundant N+2 electrical and HVAC system for 24/7 operations.
oVictoria Texas Field office- 5M- Design/Project Management/Quality (Client) 2015
oDesign and project manage construction of interior fit out of office space for 250 workers for 2 floors. Includes construction management (all aspects), Access control, Fire and Safety systems, Furniture, Signage and Technology.
oHoteling Camp Tilden Texas- 3.5M- Design/Project Management/Quality (Client) 2014
oDesign and project manage construction for field office and hoteling consisting of 80 workstation space combining mobile trailers and 10 rooms for hoteling. Fenced in location with access controlled gate for security and access control to all buildings. Project included Topology, easements, power distribution, phone distribution and leech system for waste.
oMexico office- 3M- 20sqf office space- Design/Project Management/Quality (Client) 2013
oDesign and project manage with coordinating with CBRE to build 80 people work space in Mexico City. Includes construction management (all aspects), Access control, Fire and Safety systems, Furniture, Signage and Technology.
o10 Floor 22Ksqf renovations -12.5M – Design/Project Management/Quality (Client) 2011-2014
oDesign, demo and construction of renovated office space. Includes construction management (all aspects), Access control, Fire and Safety systems, Furniture, Signage and Technology.
oShreveport LNG 2 story office building 15M-Design/Project Management/Quality (Client) 2012
oDesign and project manage office space with conference center for town halls. Includes construction management (all aspects), Access control, Fire and Safety systems, Furniture, Signage and Technology.
o1360 Post oak Gym 5500 Sqft – 5M- Design/Project Management/Quality (Client) 2011
oCreate business case and get AFE approved, negotiate contract with all sub-contractors to project manage execution of build out of gym that included weight training and cardio areas, 8 shower and locker room for men and 8 shower and locker room for women. Full time fitness trainer contract to provide corporate fitness level services. AV and Big ass fan systems to provide sound and highly efficient environmental controls.
oArkansas Office for LNG-7M-Design/Project Management/Quality (Client) 2010 & 2011
oDesign and project manage multiple facilities for 150 people count office space. Includes construction management (all aspects), Access control, Fire and Safety systems, Furniture, Signage and Technology. Gate access system installation for management of logistics and access to operation sites.
oCafeteria/ Town hall conference space 22ksqft- 10M- Design/Project Management/Quality (Client) 2010
oDesign and project manage construction of cafeteria that turns into a town hall space to hold up to 150 people for various types of meetings. Cafeteria served all of company with full kitchen/prep areas and freezers for food storage. Ware wash for reuse of plates and utensils to serve all of cafeteria.

VOLUNTEERING EXPERIENCE
HURRICANE HARVEY CLEAN-UP VOLUNTEER – United Way, Houston, TX August 2019 – September 2019

Other Skills:
LEED, ESG, LEED platinum, Fit well, WELL, Green Star, NABERS, Six Sigma, Lean, Continuous Improvement, JIRA, MIRO, Agile, SCRUM, Kinaxis, SAP, FIORI, SharePoint, Documentum, Bluebeam, MS project, Gantt’s, Visio, Excel, Power point, Word, Mini tab, Data analysis, Plan Grid, 3D renderings, As-Build’s, Budgets, Estimates, Takeoffs, Contracts reviews, SLA’s, MSA’s, KPI’s, Quantifications, Qualitative data, Value Engineering, Management of Architects and Engineers, Acquisition consultation, Review of Mechanical drawings, Review of Electrical Drawings, Review of Construction drawings, Furniture Layouts, Ceiling Grids, Review of Plumbing and HVAC drawings, OSHA30 HR, Safety, TRIF, Safety investigations, Safety inductions, HSE, Take time talks, Tool box talks, Safety Reporting, Safety analysis and improvements, Safety inspections, QC, Quality Control, Quality Assurance, Commission, Building Codes, NFPA, OSHA, COH, ANSI, ISO 9001, ASHRAE, Risk Management, Risk assessment, Residual risk ratings, Critical Controls, Mitigations, Counter measures, Design, COD, RFP’s, RFQ’s, RFI’s, AFE’s, Punch lists, Collaboration, Voice of Customer, DMAIC, 5’s, SIPOC, Process mapping, Value stream, Load Balancing, Supply Chain, Lead times, Steering committees, Business case creation, Presentations, Research, Innovations, Technology, Security Systems, Lenel, On guard, Honeywell, IROC, SCADA, TROC, IOC, PLC’s, System Architecture, Software installations and testing, UX experience, Change Communications, Change Management, Mock, COE, Sustainability, Close out documents, Develop Standards, and Global experience in Asia, Australia, Europe, Canada and Americas.
Contact this candidate