Prashant Khaty
LinkedIn Profile: https://www.linkedin.com/in/prashant-khaty-50a8b16/ Skype - prashantkhaty India: +91-968******* E-Mail: ad3f7i@r.postjobfree.com Professional Profile
A LAP Program Manager – a Lean, Adaptable, Proactive Program Manager. I am all about delivery – solving problems and moving project forward. A Innovative, diligent, ambitious & accomplished professional offering over 18 years of experience (including over 12 years of international experience) in Program & Projects Delivery Management Solution Development Product Development, Implementation & Support Testing & Quality Assurance. A servant leader, adept at identifying problem areas and guiding staff in the collaborative implementation of corrective actions and hands-on working experience on waterfall and agile/scrum methodologies. Keys Skills / Attributes / Accomplishments -
Leadership and Management - Managing Project Managers, Resources & Portfolio of more than ~20M USD
Developing an evaluation method to assess program strengths and identify areas for improvement
Writing program funding proposals to guarantee uninterrupted delivery of services
Project Management - Controlling, Staffing, Estimation, Testing, Efforts Estimation, Budgeting & Coordination
Vendor Management - Identify Vendors, Negotiate & Fulfill their contractual obligations.
Strategic Planning and Implementation & Change Management & Process and Performance Optimisation
Review of Architecture, Design & Solution along with Functional & Technical Requirements
Maintaining strong business communication, presentation and conflict management
Maintaining and delivering quality metrics, burn down charts, progress and status reporting at Portfolio Level
Facilitates Sprint Planning, Reviews and Retrospective Meetings and identifying any lessons learned
Building Strong Relationship with key product and services vendors.
Retention of Customer and Getting New Opportunity / Pre Sales
Managing RFP & Proposal creation along with presentation for both Fixed & TM engagements.
Conducts technical deep-dive sessions with vendors and executes short POC efforts for business and IT
Experience of delivering successful fixed as well as T&M projects in agile on time and within specified budget.
Successfully worked with clients such as Banking / Financial Services / Insurance / Telecom
Maintaining NPS and CSAT Score
Maintaining Churn Rate, customer lifetime value, retention cost and expansion revenue
Spearheading Functions - Talent Management, Client Relationship Management & Escalation Management
End to End design/development/production rollout of modern technology based systems that includes Real time Cluster Database Systems, High Transactional Processing systems, Payment Gateways, DataPower, SOA, ESB Hub Integration platform
Expertise in various database level migration, consolidation, collaboration and end-to-end integration.
Defining roadmap plan/strategies for Cloud based Platform.
Review architectural decision, conceptual, logical and physical architecture. Career Highlights
Majesco Software - Program Manager Oct2018 – Till Date Client: Internal - GF Finance, TA – Payments & Sandbox Environment: SAP, Azure Data Bricks, Azure Data Analysis Services, Azure SQL DB, Power BI & Power Apps. Description: To standardize, centralize and digitalize Accounts Payable reports by establishing a single source of AP data in the form of a Finance Data Lake to be used for reporting and performance management. To eliminate repetitive manual effort of AP Operations in preparing and massaging raw data and report layout, and channel people’s focus on insights and analysis. To identify, segregate and shift non-AP-related reports to the appropriate Finance teams. Automation of Accounts Payable reports by using Azure as data source and Power BI for front end/data visualization.
Client: Heritage Insurance, Clearwater, Florida & Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Environment: Java, J2EE, JBOSS, Apache Tomcat, Apache Ant, Spring – Sprint Boot, MVC – Micro Services, Oracle. Description: MDM Product has multiple lines of business within the General Insurance umbrella and has traditionally used in-house systems to calculate rewards and incentives. MDM streamlines their Non IRDA Commission and Incentive Process. MDM Product Implementation for Non IRDA Commission and Incentive Automation Process. With Majesco Distribution Management, the company will consolidate and automate their rewards and incentives management on a single platform. Incentive payments will be processed on Majesco Distribution Management with the data integrating back to their policy administration system, which will provide the repository of the information. Prashant Khaty
LinkedIn Profile: https://www.linkedin.com/in/prashant-khaty-50a8b16/ Skype - prashantkhaty India: +91-968******* E-Mail: ad3f7i@r.postjobfree.com Heritage is implementation services for upgrading the existing V3 Billing product to the V10 version as well as implementing the electronic bill presentment and payment (EBPP) module. This module covers the data processing of Service Providers, Banks, utility companies and Customers. Presentment of Bills in Detailed and Summary and itemized formats and payment of the same through various channels is one of the core functionality of the product. It covers Bill Management, Alert Engine, Report Engine, Payment engine, walk-in module etc. Parsing of detailed and summary bill data templates/formats, Generation of alert notifications based on events in the process flow Responsibilities:
- Successfully delivering IT projects to agreed parameters of time, scope and quality
- Planning, scheduling and executing and controlling. Team management and resource optimization
- Drive the delivery of programs of work to agreed scope, budget, quality and timelines
- Governance and Reporting for status review meetings. Risk/Issues management
- Involved in the Technical Decision, Architecting & Solutions of components of the product
- Involved in High Level and Low Level Designing. Review of LLD and HLD. Managing the changes for projects
- Responsible for architecting the blueprint to be used as a roadmap of the strategy of the Product. Define WBS, task scheduling, resource planning & tracking and metrics collections and presentation.
- Act as a liaison between the Executive Management and Development Teams.
- Responsible to setup Agile teams to deliver innovative, Cognitive Solutions and Software products.
- Guide the large team to provide direction and technical expertise in design, development, systems integration, testing, deployment and support stages
- Review the completed work effectively to resolve any Tech/Requirement/NFR gap analysis.
- Helped technical team to Design, Develop, Deploy and Test Micro services for specific project use cases RS Software - Program Manager Oct2017 – Sept 18
Client: MasterCard, St. Louis MO
Environment: Java, J2EE, JBOSS 6.2, Apache Tomcat 6.0, ImageMagick-6.7.0-8, Apache Ant 1.8.2, Spring, Web API, Oracle.
Description: Customers are seeking a robust dispute processing tool that addresses their internal processing challenges. While Mastercom satisfies the core need, it enters the processing flow only after the disputes have been initiated. MasterCard has the opportunity to address this need and offer additional revenue generating peripheral services inclusive of a packaged offering. For pilot release, we will be on boarding only select customers. Post pilot release, we will be releasing this functionality to all customers Syntel Ltd - Program Manager Nov2014 – May2017
Client: United Health Care - UHG, Minneapolis MN
Environment:Python2.7.5,Anaconda/Spyder,Falcon,Git,RestfulServices,SoapUI,AgileMethodology(Kanban),Rally(CATe chnologies),RStudio,R server, Putty, Docker, DockerTrustedRegistry, Microservices &Red Hat Open Shift. Description: Building microservices is to expose trained models to businesses and external partners, allowing consumers of these microservices to obtain information about each model submit their own observations and receive a risk score or value depending on the patient health record Client: Hudson Insurance Group, Atlanta GA
Environment: Java, J2EE, Hibernate, Spring, Web API, SQL Server, First Best UMS, Integration - .NET & Java. Responsibilities:
- Working as Agile Program Manager with the global delivery leads, Programme Manager and other business/IT stakeholders and taking complete ownership of the Program - scope, budget, quality and timelines
- Organized and facilitated sprint planning, daily stand-up meetings, reviews, retrospectives, release planning, Demos and other Scrum-related meetings. Facilitated Scrum of Scrum. Implemented SAFe framework.
- Worked with the Engineering Managers to identify cross-team dependencies and manage inter-team tasks.
- Close tracking of cost, revenue, margins and Delivery Metrics. Provide timely KPI based status reporting.
- Guide the large team to provide direction and technical expertise in design, development, systems integration, testing, deployment and support stages
- Helped technical team to Design, Develop, Deploy and Test Microservices for specific project use cases
- Manage the entire delivery including Requirements gathering, Analysis, Design, Testing and Implementation along with support on Pre-Prod, UAT and post production activities Freelancer - Program Manager - Org Breakthroughs, UAE Oct2013 – Oct 2014 Prashant Khaty
LinkedIn Profile: https://www.linkedin.com/in/prashant-khaty-50a8b16/ Skype - prashantkhaty India: +91-968******* E-Mail: ad3f7i@r.postjobfree.com Client: Org Breakthroughs, UAE
Environment: Microsoft Visual Studio 2013, AngularJS, Git Repository and NUnit Test Adapter, Web Services Infosys Ltd - Project Manager Oct2012 – Sept 2013
Client: Identity & Access Management For Nordstrom, USA Environment: Java, J2EE, Oracle & CA Access and Identity Management. Client: AZ APAC Duet Enterprise Workflow Prototype For AstraZeneca, APAC Environment: .NET, Share Point 2010 Work Flow, Duet and SAP. IBM India Pvt Ltd - Project Manager / Delivery Manager Feb2010 –Sept 2012 Client: Vodafone, Dublin, Ireland
Client: IDEA Cellular, India
Environment: .NET, Java, J2EE, Oracle, Websphere & Webportal. Findskills Inc, USA - Consulting Project Manager Oct 2007 - Jan 2010 Client: CAPS (Contract Analytics & Proposal System) For Sanofi- Aventis, Bridgewater, NJ Environment: Microsoft Visual Studio.NET, Crystal Reports & Oracle. Client: H2Optimizer For Johnson Controls, Milwaukee, WI Environment: Microsoft Visual Studio.NET, Flex & Oracle along with SQL Server & SSRS. Syntel - Project Manager Mar2006 - Sept 2007
Client Encore For McKesson, Atlanta, GA
Environment: Microsoft Visual Studio.NET & Java, Spring, Oracle along with SQL Server & SSRS. IMC - Project Manager Nov 2004 - Feb 2006
Client: Net Forum For Avectra, Reston, VA
Environment: Microsoft Visual Studio.NET, SQL Server & SSRS. Info Dynamic Software Systems Ltd - Project Leader Sep 2002 - Oct 2004 Client: India Banks – KARAD URBAN CO-OP BANK LTD, A.P. MAHESH CO-OP URBAN BANK LTD Environment: Microsoft Visual Studio,.NET & Oracle along with SQL Server & SSRS Miracle Software Solutions - Programmer / Project Leader Jun 1997 – Sep 2002 Client: JP MORGAN CHASE US & India Banks – BOM, SBI, BOI Environment: Microsoft Visual Studio,.NET & Oracle along with SQL Server & SSRS Education -
Bachelors in Commerce Pune University, Pune (1992-1995) Master’s in Computer Management Pune University, Pune (1995-1997)
Contact this candidate