*
CURRICULUM VITAE
NAME : ASHIS KUMAR KUMAR
ADDRESS : 8D Ambika Mukherjee Road,
(Near Kesto Cabin) Belghoria,
Kolkata – 700056,
West Bengal
CELLNO : 747*******
EMAIL : ad3gsy@r.postjobfree.com
DATE OF BIRTH : May 02, 1966
EDUCATIONAL
QUALIFICATION : Diploma in Civil Engineering in the year 1986 With 1st Class
SPECIALISATION : Project Management Services, Large EPC Project Including Construction Supervision, Project
Monitoring, Quality Assurance, Surveillance of Civil / Structural work for Industrial, Architectural & Water Projects.
COMPUTER EXPOSURE : Microsoft Office Application viz. MS WORD, EXCEL etc. EXPERIENCE : 36 Years (Approx.)
Worked as Project Manager (Civil) towards Construction of Coal Handling Plant
(15.0 Mtpa incremental) for Jayant OCP under Northern Coal Fields Limited, Jayant, Singrauli, Madhya Pradesh. Responsible for construction of civil work of Semi Mobile Crushing Plant, Truck Receiving Station, 14 KM Conveyor with Transfer House, Reservoir, Over Head Tank, Substations, 33 / 6.6 KV Switch Yard, Auxiliary Bldgs, Road, Drain etc.
From 6thJanuary’19 to 6th August’20 with WPIL LTD. Trinity Plaza 84/1A Topsia Road (South) Kolkata - 700046, West-Bengal, India
Worked as Asst. General Manager – site at Construction of Intake Pump House with its Approach Bridge, 33 KV Sub Station & Auxiliary Buildings including excavation of Fore bay works under lift irrigation project work at Karjan Reservoir Head works under Narmada Water Resources Water supply & Kalpsar department, Gujarat. From 6 th Nov’20 with M/S S KSamanta & Co. (P) LTD. 2/5 Sarat Bose Road, Kolkata 700020, West-Bengal, India
2
From 9th September’11 to 4th January’19 with McNALLY BHARAT ENGINEERING CO. LTD. Eco-Space Campus, 2B, 11F/12 (Old Plot No. AA II/Blk.3), New Town, Rajarhat, 24 Parganas, Kolkata – 700156, West-Bengal,
From November’16 to January’19 as Sr. Construction Manager, posted at NTPC Vindhyachal Super Thermal Power Project (2X500 MW) Vindhyanagar, P.O. – Vindhyanagar, Dist. – Singrauli, Madhya Pradesh for construction of Civil and Architectural work for Water Pre-Treatment Plant Package, Stage - IV, responsible for Project monitoring including Materials procurement and Manpower Management, Cash flow, Payment chasing and certification of agencies invoice etc.
From January’14 to October’16 as Sr. Construction Manager, posted at NTPC Singrauli Super Thermal Power Project, P.O. - Shaktinagar, Dist. - Sonebhadra, Uttar Pradesh for construction of Ash Water Recirculation System Package, responsible for Project monitoring including Materials procurement and Manpower Management, Cash flow, Payment chasing and certification of agencies invoice etc.
From September’11 to December’13 as Construction Manager, posted at NTPC Rihand Super Thermal Power Project (2x500 MW), P.O. – Rihand Nagar, Dist. - Sonebhadra, Uttar Pradesh, for construction of Civil and Architectural work for Water Pre-Treatment Plant Package, Stage - III, responsible for Project monitoring including Materials procurement and Manpower Management, Cash flow, Payment chasing and certification of agencies invoice etc. From January’07 to August’11 with DC Industrial Plant Services Pvt. Ltd. 5th Floor Park Centre, 24 Park Street, Kolkata – 700016, West-Bengal.
Worked as Construction Manager at NTPC Barh Super Thermal Power Project, (5 X 660 MW) P.O.- Barh, Dist. - Patna, Bihar, for construction of Civil and Architectural work for Ash Handling System, responsible for Project monitoring including Materials procurement and Manpower Management, Cash flow, Payment chasing and certification of agencies invoice etc.
From March’03 to December’06 with GOPA EPOS CONSULTANTS, Indo German Basic Health Project, West-Bengal.
Worked as Senior Site Engineer for new construction, rehabilitation and Extension of health centers in Purba Medinipur district of West Bengal, responsible for Project Management including progress monitoring, quality assurance, supervision, checking and certification of agencies invoices etc.
From J
24B Park Street, Kolkata – 700016, West Bengal.
03 as Construction Engineer, responsible for Project Management including progress monitoring, quality assurance checking of contractor’s bills etc. for HVDC project at Sasaram, Bihar.
From September’99 to May’02 as Construction Engineer, responsible for Project Management including progress monitoring, quality assurance, supervision, checking and certification of contractor’s bills etc. for Auditorium & Swimming Pool Project at Indian Institute Of Management, Joka, Kolkata, West Bengal. From June’02 to February’
une’91 to February’03 with DEVELOPMENT CONSULTANTS PRIVATE LTD, 3
From January’99 to August’99 as Construction Engineer, responsible for Surveying for improvement of Drainage & Sewerage System for Kolkata Municipal Corporation, Kolkata, West Bengal.
From April’98 to December’98 as Construction Engineer, responsible for Construction, supervision, quality assurance, checking and certification of contractor’s bills for Civil work at DHDS Project of Indian Oil Corporation Ltd at Haldia, West Bengal.
From June’97 to March’98 as Construction Engineer, responsible for Construction, supervision, quality assurance, checking and certification of contractor’s bills for civil work of 650 MW gas based Combined Cycle duel fuel Power Project of Gujarat Torrent Energy Corporation, Bharuch, Gujarat.
From November’95 to May’97 as Construction Engineer, responsible for Construction supervision, quality surveillance, progress monitoring, checking and certification of measurements & contractor’s bills for civil and structural work of 400 TPD Paper Project of Sterlite Industries Ltd. at Doswada, Surat, Gujarat.
From August’94 to October’95 as Construction Engineer, responsible for Construction supervision for Intake well on River Tapti and cross country pipe line of approx 17 KM including quality assurance, checking and certification of contractor’s bills of 400 TPD Paper Project of Rama Newsprint & Paper Ltd. Surat, Gujarat.
From June’91 to July’94 as Junior Construction Engineer, responsible for Construction supervision of Civil and Structural steel work including quality surveillance, checking and certification of measurements of contractor’s bills for Mining Project under Uranium Corporation of India Ltd. at Narwa Pahar, East Singbhum, Bihar. From March’89 to May’91 with M/S Harisco, 2A Rakhal Mukherjee Road, Kolkata-700026, West-Bengal.
As Civil Engineer responsible for Construction supervision of various RCC & road work including quality surveillance, progress monitoring, preparation of measurements & bills for Construction of Toll Plaza Embankment & Kona Expressway for 2nd Hooghly Bridge Project at Howrah, West Bengal.
Waterways dept. Circle-II, at Kanainatsal, Burdwan, West Bengal.
As Trainee Engineer responsible for Estimation & Preparation of Drawing. From January’87 to January’88 with M/S L D Joshi, at Durgapur, West Bengal
– 713207.
As Trainee Engineer responsible for Construction supervision of Civil & Structural steelwork for Ferro-Alloy Store at Alloy Steel Plant, Durgapur, West Bengal. Date: 09.10.2023 (ASHIS KUMAR KUMAR)
From February’88 to February’89 under Govt. of WestBengal, Irrigation &
Contact this candidate