DANIEL NAVA
OBJECTIVE
Seeking to utilize my proficiency in service and leadership to build and maintain a high standard of excellence while continuously improving myself for the performance of my community.
EXPERIENCE
Store Manager - Store Manager Trainer - Coffee Master Starbucks Coffee Company - June 2006 - July 2022
Sustain the company’s image while driving key measurable results at both store and district levels. Including (but not limited to) general store operations, financial reporting, training, staffing, personnel development, property management, equipment maintenance, performance management, sales growth, community connection, quality assurance, licensing, inventory, logistics and program development. Sales Consultant
James Mears Mazda and Volvo — June 2005 - July 2006 Create connections to promote products and services while establishing and continuously building and maintaining long term relationships in person and online to drive sales goals month over month.
Child Care Specialist - Team Trainer
South Plains Children’s Shelter — November 2004 - April 2005 Maintain a safe and nurturing environment while training team members to create developmental activities that foster social and communication skills as well as school readiness.
Psychiatric Care Specialist Level 2
Canyon Lakes Residential Treatment Center — Dec. 2003 - Nov. 2004 Work along side health professionals to balance counseling and social work skills while working with individuals with mental illness and/or behavior issues to provide effective treatment programs.
Funeral Director Assistant / Prearrangement Sales Representative White Funeral Home — May 2000 - Aug. 2002
Assist with the arranging and directing of funeral services and daily funeral operations of six family owned funeral homes in three counties with over 250 funerals yearly as well as after service follow up and prearrangement sales.
EDUCATION
Crosbyton High School — High School Diploma 1998
Texas Tech University - Undergraduate Studies in Philosophy and Psychology 120+ credit hours
SKILLS
English and Spanish - both spoken and written.
Proficient in Windows, Microsoft Office and Apple Software 210-***-****
ad3hhe@r.postjobfree.com
4416 48th ST.
Lubbock, Texas 79414
Contact this candidate