T
JOSHUA
THOMPSON
610-***-****
thompsonjoshua**@y
ahoo.com
Folcroft, PA 19032
SUMMARY
Purpose-driven Warehouse Manager with 4 years of experience supervising operations. Expert in consistently fulfilling orders on time through outstanding hiring, training and resource management. Personable communicator with strengths in providing useful and constructive employee evaluations to increase efficiency and support employee confidence. SKILLS
Shipping and Receiving Management
Assembly and Production
Quality Checks
Shipping and Receiving Operations
Warehouse Organization
Inventory Replenishment
Shipping and Receiving
Performance Improvement
Loading and Unloading
Warehouse Safety
Report Preparation
Staff Training
Logistics
Quality Control
Order Management
Policy Enforcement
Staff Management
Quality Assurance
EXPERIENCE
Warehouse Supervisor
Beltville, MD
Bob's Transport & Storage Co/ Feb 2022 to Dec 2024 Addressed any problems that may arise during day-to-day operations in a timely manner.
Organized warehouse design to maximize space for stock while allowing for high volume traffic zones.
Worked additional hours and shifts to meet tight deadlines during peak periods. Resolved personnel problems, complaints and grievances, referring serious issues to higher-level supervisors.
Monitored daily shipping, handling and receiving to promote smooth operations within warehouse.
Held staff meetings to share project information and address specific issues. Provided information to shipping and receiving personnel regarding inventory stock. Presented and explained work orders to team.
Scheduled materials shipments and transportation for on-time delivery, reducing delays.
Partnered with leadership team to resolve order management challenges, safety or regulatory issues.
Warehouse Worker
Accra, Ghana
Belaqua/ Nov 2019 to Jan 2022
Followed organizational procedures to stack and store cargo in transit sheds, ship holds and warehouses.
Loaded and unloaded trucks with hand-trucks, pallet jacks, and forklifts. Followed established guidelines for picking orders accurately. Ensured safety protocols were followed at all times while operating machinery. Monitored work areas for cleanliness and functionality and removed obstacles for safety.
Monitored temperature and humidity levels in the warehouse environment. Inspected damaged goods prior to disposal or return to vendor. Kept shelves, workstations and pallet areas neat and tidy to maintain safe work environment.
Coordinated cargo unloading with other workers to achieve efficient and safe transportation.
Collaborated with other movers when loading large equipment to prevent potential accidents.
Laborer
Accra, Greater Accra
Power/ Jan 2017 to Oct 2019
Ensured that all personal protective gear was worn at all times while on the job site. Mixed, poured, and spread concrete, asphalt gravel and other materials. Performed site activities required of green-certified construction practices. Cut materials into specified sizes for installation using tile cutters and power saws. Installed insulation into walls using blow guns or similar tools while adhering to safety guidelines.
Maintained clean, safe working environment by removing debris from job site prior to shift completion.
Operated equipment with strong focus on safety and ground communication. Cleaned work area after job completion ensuring all debris is properly disposed of. Assembled scaffolding around construction sites for use by laborers during high-rise building projects.
Demonstrated best safety practices working at heights and lifting various objects. Prevented water leakage or rust by covering exposed nailheads with roofing cement or caulking.
Prepared surfaces prior to painting by sanding, scraping, patching holes, and filling cracks with putty or plaster.
Loaded materials and tools into vehicles and unloaded upon arrival at jobsites. EDUCATION AND TRAINING
Associate of Applied Science: Mathematics And Statistics Accra Technical University Aug 2014
Ghana
Contact this candidate