Terese D Zimmerman
**** ******* **
Philadelphia PA 19128
215-***-****
ad3s2y@r.postjobfree.com

RESUME

I am a US Citizen and resident of the City of Philadelphia. I have long term knowledge of working with agencies, governmental departments and community outreach organizations.
I have 30 years of experience as a business Administrator a Technology & Team Trainer, Executive Coordinator, Sales & TeleSales Manager and Quality Assurance Manager.
My skill set includes working with executives, decision-makers, candidates, personnel and clientele in the technology & operations management arena.
I have coordinated, performed & hosted hiring, training, coaching, office management, communications, press releases, live meetings and events.
I have led quality assurance management teams and worked with all types of colleagues, students, team members and management.

June 2018 - 2024
Cloud-Wire, For 6 years, I have been an independent contract trainer and IT Administrator. In this role I fulfilled many contract assignments including IT Training, IT support, technical document and proposal preparation and sales presentation development & delivery.

May 2014 - May 2018
CommNet International, Vorhees NJ
At CommNet I was both a sales development specialist and outside sales & marketing professional.
I developed, present proposals to and supported IT clients who purchased computer hardware, custom software deployments and integration services.

September 2004 - June 2009
Market Resource Partners, LLC Philadelphia, PA
Quality Assurance Manager, IT Sales and Teleprospecting Programs
At MRP I managed and implemented all Quality Assurance and Call Auditing processes for their Fortune 100 Information Technology clients, Microsoft, SAP, CISCO, IBM, Avenade & Hewlett Packard and others.
I also developed (wrote) and presented the New Hire Training program at MRP, where I interviewed, on-boarded and trained more than 500 employment candidates who were hired as TeleReps at MRP'S Philadelphia Call Center.
I wrote and administered the "new hire exam" and performed auditing & reviews of new hires. Additionally, I performed Quality Assurance checks on all work product prior to it's delivery to MRP's contract customers.

August 1999 - August 2003
Temple University Center for Advanced Technology, Fort Washington PA
Managing Director and Director of Certified Education Programs

My position at TU-CAT began as Director of Certified Education and in June 2000, I was promoted to Managing Director of the Center.
I developed certified training tracks for career candidates who wanted Certification in Microsoft IT, Oracle, IBM and CISCO technology products. I hired all Certified Trainers, coordinated classroom set up, courseware ordering and student attendance & completion programs. I instituted novice IT training, train-the-trainer seminars AND worked directly with the Fortune 100 IT SOFTWARE companies to assure all courses and training presentations aligned with Certification tests and outcomes.
From MCSE, MCSD, SAP, ORACLE & CISCO Certification Track programs, i successfully launched & delivered more than 200 Track sections in Temple's 3 certified classroom locations targeted to working adults.

August, 1986 - June, 1999
Computer Resources & Training, Inc.,
Philadelphia, PA
VP, Technology Marketing and Sales
From start-up to becoming a nationally known IT Technology Training & Certification Center, I worked in all capacities in Sales & Marketing.
I published the Class training schedules for "end user classes" and all Certification tracks. I worked directly with Microsoft Corporate's Certified Education Department on the development and delivery of Tech certification courses from Net Tech level (CompTIA) to Advanced MCSE & MCSD Track programs to SQL Server, TCP/IP and Java and Active X classes.
Starting with just $500.00, CRT, Inc. became a multi-million dollar Tech Training powerhouse with major customers such as CIGNA, Hershey Foods International, the IRS, US NAVY, US Dept of LABOR, American Standard plumbing products, FMC Corp, US Postal Service, VERIZON, AT&T, Deloitte and many more.

PERSONAL & PROFESSIONAL REFERENCES are available upon request.
Contact this candidate