STEVE MCQUEEN
Willow Spring, NC *****
ad3u7s@r.postjobfree.com
+1-919-***-****
Resourceful Project Manager with [Number] years of expertise in organizing business operations, financial oversight and resource management to achieve smooth flow and project operations. Leads procurement of resources including equipment and supplies. Monitors projects by adhering to production schedule and budget, managing production team, identifying problems and providing targeted solutions. Knowledgeable in accounting principles, bookkeeping, budget and financial management.
Work Experience
Lead HVAC Tech/Project Manager/CMT/HVAC Technician EMCOR Facilities Services - Raleigh, NC
March 2020 to Present
Delivered exceptional customer satisfaction by proactively addressing client concerns and meeting or exceeding expectations throughout the engagement process. Monitored project progress, identified risks and took corrective action as needed. Monitored progress against established goals, adjusting schedules and resources as needed to keep projects on track.
Prepared and submitted project invoices for review and approval. Consulted, Trained, Diagnosed systems when others couldn't HVAC Inspector/Quality Control Technician
Quality Assurance Management - Clayton, NC
February 2018 to February 2020
Prepared reports detailing findings of inspections, investigations, and tests. Followed standard operating procedures for inspections and tests. Identified potential hazards and recommended corrective actions, ensuring a safer work environment for all employees.
Leveraged technical expertise when inspecting specialized equipment such as pumps, valves, piping systems.
Worked with Owner/General Contractor/ and 5 HVAC contractors on the construction of a pharmaceutical plant ensuring quality and set standards by owner and SMACNA Upheld codes and regulations governing materials, processes, and procedures. Set policies governing inspecting, testing and compliance operations. Developed customized inspection checklists tailored to specific job sites, ensuring thorough evaluations. Owner/Manager
McQueen's HVAC Services - Clayton, NC
February 2008 to January 2018
Owner/Management and all that involves
Manager/service tech/installer
Shockey's service co. - Garner, NC
April 1998 to January 2018
I managed the technicians and installers as well as service and installation myself Education
2 year course technical college in Heating And Air Conditioning Wake Technical Community College - Raleigh, NC
September 1994 to May 1996
Skills
• Cosulting, Training, resolving issues to
maintain safety and efficiency
• diagnostics of all equipment as well as repair /replacement, organizing cranes, aerial lifts, or whatever needed to complete work at hand
• QA/QC
• Financial Management
• Quality Assurance
• Financial Report Writing
• Bookkeeping
Certifications and Licenses
Mechanical contractor's license H-3 class 1 #23017 EPA Universal Certification
HVAC Certification
Contact this candidate