Shakil Chaudhry
Boonton, NJ ***** 973-***-**** ad3v8k@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY
Strong leader and problem-solver dedicated to streamlining operations to decrease costs and promote organizational efficiency. Uses independent decision-making skills and sound judgment to positively impact company success. PROFESSIONAL HISTORY
THE CHEESECAKE FACTORY Oct 2004 – Apr 2023
Area Director Of Operations - United Arab Emirates (Dec 2020 – Apr 2023)
Defined, implemented, and revised operational policies and guidelines. Built culture of employee motivation and active engagement through targeted monthly goals and accountability systems with positive reinforcement.
Worked cross-departmentally to troubleshoot order and inventory-related issues, generating widespread collaboration and supporting lasting internal partnerships.
Mentored and coached team members to foster productive and engaging work environment.
Collaborated with senior management to develop and execute long-term corporate goals and objectives.
Established and monitored quality assurance standards to achieve operational excellence.
Worked collaboratively with functional leaders to implement new
procedures and corrective actions to improve quality. General Manager - United Arab Emirates (July 2012 – Dec 2020)
Orchestrated positive customer experiences by overseeing every area of operations.
Tracked daily sales transactions and invoices for accurate and updated financial reporting.
Led and directed team members on effective methods, operations, and procedures.
Maintained safe working and guest environment to reduce risk of injury and
accidents.
Developed, implemented, and managed business plans to promote profitable food and beverage sales.
Carefully interviewed, selected, trained, and supervised staff.
Assisted in development and implementation of new menus to offer variety and options to customers.
Assistant General Manager - New Jersey (Oct 2010 – July 2012)
Resolved problems promptly to elevate customer approval.
Tracked trends and suggested enhancements to both challenge and refine company's product offerings.
Enforced quality assurance protocols to deliver ideal customer experiences.
Managed budget implementations, employee evaluations, and contract details.
Reduced financial inconsistencies while assessing and verifying billing invoices & expense reports.
Developed and implemented policies and procedures to improve customer service and satisfaction.
Updated and resolved incidents and managed accessorial charges objectively while maximizing profit.
Maintained well-controlled business inventory with minimal losses by enforcing solid monitoring and management structures.
Collaborated with other departments to establish productive and timely completion of projects.
Reduced operational risks while organizing data to forecast performance trends. Senior Manager/FOH Manager – New Jersey (Oct 2005 – Oct 2010)
Executed appropriate staffing and budgetary plans to align with business forecasts.
Consolidated vendors and renegotiated contracts to optimize costs. Managed large-scale projects and introduced new systems, tools, and processes to achieve challenging objectives.
Carried out and developed social media, e-blast and public relations campaigns.
Conducted performance evaluations, compensations and hiring to maintain appropriate staffing requirements.
Evaluated hiring, firing, and promotions requests.
Boosted team member productivity by enhancing performance monitoring and instituting motivational approaches.
Reviewed and analyzed reports, records and directives to obtain data
required for planning department activities.
Ordered new equipment and inventory and scheduled repairs for damaged equipment.
Produced staffing matrix to provide adequate coverage of department. SKILLS
Budget Controls
Quarterly Reviews
Records Organization and Management
Operational Excellence
P&L Administration
Oversee Administrative Functions
Improve Performance
Business Management
CERTIFICATION
Electrical, Electronics Engineering Technologies
EDUCATION
County College of Morris,
Randolph Township, NJ
Contact this candidate