Nathan Ostrom
Denver, CO *****
ad3z06@r.postjobfree.com
+1-720-***-****
Results driven professional with over 15 years experience in fast paced operations, production management, organizational development and team building within diverse industries. Highly adept in planning, coordinating and executing successful production strategies. Track record of improving operational stability, efficiency and profitability. Strong collaborator with senior stakeholders, effectively prioritize activities, translate business requirements into solutions and achieve defined objectives. Work Experience
Operations Manager
Hall Contracting, Corporation - Denver, CO
October 2016 to January 2019
● Directed day-to-day operations by spearheading implementation of short-term and long-term strategies to achieve business plan and profitability goals
● Managed company operations with responsibility for profit and loss, scheduling, training and inventory control.
● Conducted performance reviews providing coaching and feedback to benefit both company and employee.
● Delivered positive customer experiences by implementing effective quality assurance practices.
● Collaborated with staff to maximize customer satisfaction, streamline procedures and improve bottom- line profitability.
● Planned daily operational strategies, including delivery routing, team workflows and promotional initiatives..
● Maintained safety and emergency readiness among personnel by disseminating information on and monitoring compliance with regulatory and organizational policies.
● Oversaw financial management, budget management, accounting and payroll activities.
● Reviewed daily financial reports and reconciled accounts to keep information current and accurate.
● Aided senior leadership during executive decision-making process by generating daily reports to recommend corrective actions and improvements.
● Established organizational vision and developed strategies to achieve sales and customer service goals.
● Evaluated invoices and shipping paperwork for accuracy and compliance.
● Replenished inventory to maintain par levels.
● Examined problem-solving concepts, including quantitative methods and techniques and approaches to optimize organizational operations and facilitate decision-making. Project Manager
ATK Enterprises - Duluth, MN
September 2006 to September 2016
● Handled continuous project monitoring and management, including developing forecasts, tracking expenses and approving payments.
● Built strong community relations with subcontractors and vendors to optimize cost savings and complete timely preconstruction.
● Ensured projects were completed on-time, in accordance with budget and met quality standards.
● Forecasted, scheduled and monitored project timelines, personnel performance and cost efficiency.
● Created project plans with established timelines for integral phases, assigned to appropriate teams, managed workflow and achieved bid submissions and completion deadlines on or before schedule.
● Made changes to project scope and cost and implemented most effective change management processes to keep projects up-to-date.
● Led subcontractor meetings to convey project requirements, scope, milestones and regulatory compliance.
● Modified and reconstructed project plans to better align with organizational objectives.
● Utilized project schematics, drawings and specifications to complete detailed and highly accurate take- offs.
● Coordinated complex contract administration, including defining project milestones and developing budget.
● Maintained vital business function throughout unexpected events and managed disaster recovery.
● Communicated with clients to convey deadlines, scope of work and potential challenges through project timeline.
● Managed the entire project life cycle from initial concept through final delivery.
● Set project schedules and oversaw milestones for the duration of the project.
● Developed processes to enable consistent on-time deliverables to customers per timelines established in contract.
Sous Chef
Bella Vita Restaurant - Duluth, MN
September 2006 to September 2009
● Trained kitchen workers on culinary techniques.
● Supervised kitchen food preparation in demanding, high-volume environments.
● Performed as head chef as needed to maintain team productivity and restaurant quality.
● Plated food according to restaurant artistic guidelines to promote attractive presentation.
● Assessed inventory levels and placed orders to replenish goods before supplies depleted..
● Helped staff adhere to tough restaurant requirements through practical discipline and motivation.
● Directed staff in the restaurant kitchen and field to maintain department objectives, standards, guidelines and budget.
● Oversaw kitchen employee scheduling to meet coverage needs and avoid wasted labor.
● Maximized customer satisfaction and team operations by executing command-based structure and staff performance oversight.
● Conducted frequent line checks to keep food at proper temperatures in holding zones.
● Liaised closely with kitchen and other departments, including front-of-house personnel.
● Built strong vendor relationships to bring in top ingredients at optimal prices.
● Improved performance of team members resulting in high-quality meals produced daily.
● Devised creative food and wine pairings to drive successful cross-marketing strategy.
● Maintained highest food quality standards regarding food inventory procedures, food storage and rotation.
Prior to Bella Vita I was employed as the executive chef/sous chef at Blue Water Bar and Grill (Duluth, MN), Savories Fine Foods (Duluth, MN) and Americana Darden
(Duluth, MN).
Education
High School Diploma
East High School - Duluth, MN
December 1996
Skills
• Self-Motivated
• Analytical and Critical
• Multitasking Abilities
• Attention to Detail
• Teamwork and Thinking Collaboration
• MS Office
• Decision Making
• Dependable and Responsible
• Driving
• Heavy lifting
• Plumbing
• Customer service
• Warehouse management
• Sales
• Supervising experience
• Cash register
• Crew management
• Cooking
• Merchandising
• Manufacturing
• Restaurant experience
• Project management
• Profit & loss
• Budgeting
• Windows
• Quality assurance
• Accounting
• Payroll
• Business requirements
Certifications and Licenses
OSHA 10
PMP
OSHA 30
Food Handler Certification
Forklift Certification
Contact this candidate