Tanya Thomas
Dallas, TX *****
214-***-****
ad4640@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY
Throughout my career, I have experience in a leadership role within a mortgage industry and legal document review. I have demonstrated the ability to be flexible, in tight deadlines, stay organized and prioritize work flow. Work well with other with communication skills, problem solver and in high pressure production environment. EXPERTISE
FHA VA, HAMPS, HAFA, Reverse Mortgages,
Retail Banking, Legal Review, Default
Prevention, Compliance, Quality Assurance,
Mortgage Services, Foreclosure, Claims, Loss
Mitigation, Policy & Procedures MSP, VLS,
Fortracs, Early Resolution, Excel advance, MS
Word, Loantrac, LPS, AS400, DCMS, Word
Utility, 2.0, Lexis
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
SBA - Ft. Worth, TX 10/2017 -8/2023
Paralegal Case Manager
Legal review documents before submitting to case managers.
Team Lead assistance with training.
Submit reports to team and manager.
Review initial loan closing documents.
Contact insurance agent to verify homeowner coverage and endorsement information.
Pull recorded mortgage off county website.
Disburse funds to borrower either by mail or EFT. Genpact - Richardson, TX 09/2016 –02/2017
Closer
Analyzed loan documents to insure accuracy.
Cleared all condition/advisory to insure loan will close on time.
Updated tax certification, verify HOI, verify CPL is correct and uploaded in system.
Collaborate with title company or broker to verify all fees been applied correctly.
Sent final documents to title company. Upload using Share point to keep track of all work performed.
Amerihome - Dallas, TX 05/2016 –09/2016
Document Specialist
Cleared all advisories/conditions.
Responsible for uploading all documents that’s needed to complete closing.
Submit all documents required to underwriter and upload information onto a share point.
Updated tax certification, verify HOI, verify CPL is correct.
Upload all documents
Nationstar - Irving, TX 06/2015 - 05/2016
Reverse Mortgage
Analyzed loan documents to insure accuracy.
Verified all documents signed and recorded.
Updated tax information from county website and mortgage insurance certificates.
Prepared servicing packages, collateral package, and compliance package.
Once packages prepared submit packages to HUD.
JP Morgan Chase -Irving, TX 03/2005 -09/2013
Pre Fund Analyst/Closer/Claims/ Payoff /Loss Mitigation Specialist
Reconciled fees entered into CLOSER by closing department.
Contact closing and title department to request corrections on HUD -1 and Closer.
Once HUD is approved wire is ordered.
Support team and floor as a second reviewer due to my extensive knowledge.
Utilized checklists provided by Production Quality and Closing Controller.
Reviewed title commitment, appraisal and other loan documents to insure all pertinent information is put into the system correctly.
Audit files, Quality control checks and coordinate with brokers and attorneys for preparation of closing documents.
Title will send funding documents for funding authorization.
Review purchased correspondent loans and funding of the loan.
Responsible for collecting supporting documentation, researching ledger transactions and accurate entry of data in appropriate systems. Reviewed systems for outstanding advances or disbursements for items eligible to be claimed.
Collected and maintained supporting documentation in organized claim files. Entered information into claim application. Proactively identified problems, and developed an appropriate resolution. Investigated, resolved and responded to errors.
Documented steps in ensuring compliance with internal and external policies and procedures
.Responsible for follow up to ensure claim is paid and file a supplemental claim for additional claimable amounts if necessary. Participate in active critique of current processes and initiatives to improve claim filing efficiency and accuracy.
EDUCATION
High School
Wilmer Hutchins
Champion Real Estate
Certified Notary expire 8/ 2026
*References upon Request
Contact this candidate