Mary Borrego
ad47sq@r.postjobfree.com
915-***-****
OBJECTIVE
To obtain a position in the manufacturing field with an organization, which requires a motivated, dedicated person, and where my quality assurance expertise, as well as individual achievements, and performance, will be recognized, thereby allowing for growth and development.
PROFESSIONAL SKILLS
6Sigma Black Belt MIL-Q-9858/ MIL-I-45208
Excel/Access/Minitab ISO 13485 (2003, 2016)
Visio/ABC Flow Charts Nadcap/AS9100 (2009, 2015)
Semi-Conductor ISO-9000 (2008, 2015)
Plastic Injection Molding ISO 14001 (2004)
SMT/PTH ISO/TS 16949 (2002, 2009)
PCBA/PCB boards TL 9000 (2003 - 2016)
Cable/Wires/Harness IPC-A-610 Trainer/ J-STD-001
Sheet Metal MIL STD 454
SPC/TQM Microsoft Office
FMEA/PPAP/APQP/Control Plans FDA requirements
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
Jul 2023 to Dust Free LLP
Present Quality Manager Royse City TX
● Manufacture of Indoor Air Quality fabrication and assembly processes and injection mold. High mix low volume of products.
● NPI reviews of documentation providing feedback to engineers, writing of procedures, implementation of new product, QCP, FMEA and auditing process and obtaining approvals from customers on FAI.
● Closely interacting with cross functional teams and customers driving defect reductions and process improvements.
● Champion and leading teams on investigations, root cause analysis for corrective and preventive actions
● Manage Quality Department, quality engineers, techs, auditors and inspectors from receiving inspecting, internal audits, calibration, MRB and quality management system.
● Obtain QMS certification and introduction to automotive customers to open business spectrum
● Develop a Supplier Qualification Process to identify and lead investigation and resolution of supplier challenges build quality products and meet QMS requirements.
● Collaborate with other internal and external (both customer and supply base) functions to pursue Quality issues.
● Quality System Management Review Rep Monthly, Quarter, and Annual quality metrics for internal and external reporting.
Dec 2018 to Ducommun Incorporated
Mar 2023 Quality Manager Tulsa OK/ El Paso TX
● Contract Electronics Manufacture for Oil and Energy, Aerospace, Medical, Box Build process included but not limited to SMT, ThruHole, Conformal, Potting of PCBA and injection mold. High mix low volume of down hole products.
● NPI reviews of documentation providing feedback to engineers, writing of procedures, implementation of new product, QCP, FMEA and auditing process and obtaining approvals from customers on FAI.
● Closely interacting with cross functional teams and customer driving defect reductions and process improvements.
● Champion and leading teams on investigations, root cause analysis for corrective and preventive actions
● Manage Quality Department, quality engineers, techs, auditors and inspectors from receiving inspecting, internal audits, calibration, MRB and quality management system.
● Develop a Supplier Qualification Process to identify and lead investigation and resolution of supplier challenges build quality products and meet QMS requirements
● Collaborate with other internal and external (both customer and supply base) functions to pursue Quality issues.
● Quality System Management Review Rep Monthly, Quarter, and Annual quality metrics for internal and external reporting.
Jul 2010 to Flextronics Industrial
Aug 2016 Sr. Quality Engineer Lead/Quality Manager Plano/El Paso, TX
● Contract Electronics Manufacture for Oil and Energy, Aerospace, Medical, Box Build process included but not limited to SMT, ThruHole, Conformal, and Potting of PCBA. High mix low volume of down hole products. MARY DIMITROFF PAGE 2
● NPI reviews of documentation providing feedback to engineers, writing of procedures, implementation of new product, QCP, FMEA and auditing process and obtaining approvals from customers on FAI.
● Closely interacting with cross functional teams and customer driving defect reductions and process improvements.
● Champion and leading teams on investigations, root cause analysis for corrective and preventive actions
● Manage Quality Department, quality engineers, techs, auditors and inspectors from receiving inspecting, internal audits, calibration, MRB and quality management system.
● Managed Supplier Qualification for site suppliers and worked closely with Global suppliers include scoring controls of activities associated to the AVL
● Collaborate with other internal and (both customer and supply base) functions to pursue Quality issues
● Monthly, Quarter, and Annual quality metrics for internal and external reporting.
● Performing SGA small group activities and Kaizen minimum of 3 per year o High Lights of these activities
Documentation process reducing head count and processing cost savings 326K annually
MRB ESD improving quality of product and reducing damaging of components 40K annually
Kaizen implementation of Kanban for our largest customers cost savings 1.2 process improvements.
Aug 2006 to Foxconn Houston, TX
Jul 2010 Sr. Quality Engineer
● Contract Electronics Manufacture for PCBA and Injection Mold for Automotive, Medical, and Military industry
● Certification team for Quality Management Systems and completing AS9100 certification
● Lead and supported continuous improvement through customer focus teams
● Act as the link to the customer reported improvement to upper level management
● Quality executions consisted of NPI, Product Launch, MRB, RMA, PCAR, and etc.
● Lead the development and insured the integrity of APQP documentation
● Collaborate with other internal and external (both customer and supply base) functions to pursue Quality issues
● DOE and Reliability testing for qualification and root cause analysis
● Tarnished boards testing Cost Savings > $840,000 2 month inventory
● Lifted pad due to design Cost Savings > $30,000 2 day inventory
● Obtained customer approval with reporting all testing results
● Developed RMA process with process mapping, procedure writing and training
● Designed Access databases to capture information, results and reporting of return material
● Improved the processing days from 65 days to 25 days and declining within a 3-month period
● Cost Savings > $1.2 of inventory
Jan 2002 to Sumitomo Wiring Systems -USA El Paso, TX July 2006 Quality Manager
● Manufacture of Cable, wires processes include wiring and injection mold.
● Managing Company Quality Management Systems ISO9001/TS16949 Management Representative
● Managing quality department staff document control and quality techs
● Interacting with customers, suppliers on internal or external quality issues
● Preparations and approvals of PPAP including FMEA, APQP, and control plans
● Participating in APQP and new program launches with OEM
● Conduct Audits per TS 16949, Kaizen workshops and 5S processes and administrating customer specifics
● Processing and implementing corrective action with Tier 1 suppliers
● OEM Managing IMDS internet system and RoHS system for compliance. Jan 1990 to Lockheed Martin (Location Elamex) Mexico and Southwest Region Apr 1997 Supplier Quality Engineer
● Provided technical support and service for GE Aerospace, Astro, and Lockheed Martin at suppliers based in Mexico and Southwest of the US.
● Suppliers manufactures included cables, wiring, PCB, PCBA, injection mold and components.
● Surveilled and monitored manufacturing processes for SMT and PTH assemblies.
● Performed Source Inspection at supplier’s site per corporate QA assignment.
● Performed special process and (Mil Q and I) quality system audits at all suppliers
● Investigated root cause and recommended corrective action
● Monitored processes of 7 sites in Mexico for Naval, Army, and Airforce contracts
● Trained management, inspectors, and operators to the requirements of Mil Q, Mil I and Mil STD 2000 and A. MARY DIMITROFF PAGE 3
EDUCATION
1985 to El Paso Community College El Paso, TX
1986 Basic Core Courses
1996 to Richland College Richardson, TX
1997 Basic Core Courses / Total Quality Management Program 1996 to Amber University Garland, TX
1999 BBA Management
TRAINING
2022 Acuity Institute On-line Classes
Six Sigma Black Belt
Kaizen
2004-2005 AIG Training Detroit, MI
ISO9001:2001 - TS19649
IMDS/RoHS Training
1996 Quality Education Services Dallas, TX
Internal Lead Auditor (ISO and QS 9000)
1997 National Seminars Group Plano, TX
Manager Training
REFERENCE
Upon request
Contact this candidate