RICHARD LATHROP
SEABROOK, TEXAS ad4907@r.postjobfree.com MOBILE 281-***-****

SUMMARY: 30+ years of Refinery/Chemical Plant/Energy experience implementing and executing major maintenance, turnarounds, shutdowns, and startups plans. Career supervising Major Projects and Turnaround activities across major companies which include Shell Oil, Dow Chemical, Marathon Petroleum, and LNG Plants. Comprehensive knowledge of operations, construction, and maintenance troubleshooting, quality assurance, quality control, process equipment and field procedures. Full project life cycle supervision experience implementing, facilitating, and supporting front-end-loading, startup planning procedures, execution, coordinating equipment and field procedures, managing unit and equipment decontamination procedures, and closure of project/event in alignment with the client’s objectives.

POSITIONS: Refinery Process Operator Boiler Maker/Pipefitter
Safety/Training Coordinator Construction/Maintenance Manager
Refinery Field/Job Rep Nace level 1 CIP Inspector
Commissioning Lead Turnaround Planner/Coordinator
Pipeline Construction Manager Major Capital Project Manager/Coordinator
Lead Scheduler

SYSTEMS: Primavera P6 SAP G SAP Cockpit
Microsoft Power BI Microsoft Projects MS Office(Excel, Outlook, etc.)
Bluebeam iTAR/iCON AutoCAD

LEAD TURNAROUND PLANNER/COORDINATOR (NES/Fircroft) 2022 – 2023
Marathon – Salt Lake City, UT
Building maintenance plans using SAP Cockpit
MOM’s ordering material as needed for ongoing and future jobs
Coordinating and assisting with P6 schedule
Building work Packages, engineering packs, Spec requirements
Maintain excel spread sheets tracking cost and inventory
Doing job walks and tracking progress in the field

COMMISSIONING & STARTUP SUPERVISOR (Wood Group) 2021 – 2022
ExxonMobil – Hobbs, NM
Reviews engineering documents to ensure that the commissioning & startup requirements are accounted for in the design.
Prepares and keeps up to date the pre-commissioning and commissioning execution plans (including the schedule and the mobilization of personnel and equipment).
Supervises the preparation of the pre-commissioning and commissioning procedures.
Supervises the preparation of the performance test procedures and of the operating manuals with the process team.
Assists procurement group for the definition of vendor assistance.
Assists subcontract group for the scope definition of work contractors.

COMMISSIONING LEAD (Airswift) 2018 – 2021
Shell Oil – Norco, LA
GHT254K & RGHT180K (Gasoline H2Treater) Brown Belt Projects
Built the commissioning schedules
Systemized process streams and equipment for engineering and line list for nomenclature on P&ID's
Attend MOC meetings
Assembled packages and facilitated PSSR activities.
HAZOP meetings plan out and assembled work packages for commissioning procedures.
Worked closely with operation and assisted with startup procedures.
Tracked progress on project input information into database.
Built final systems turnover package and tracking punch list to completion.

ZONE PLANNER (Turnaround Consulting Services) 2017 – 2018
Dyno Noble – Cheyenne, WY
Built and assembled work packages.
Updated schedule Impute daily progress In Primavera on turnaround data base.
Focal contact for all offsite activities
Processed Change orders, closure forms, RFI'S
Oversaw the completion of the final Turnaround Documentation Records Book

TURNAROUND COORDINATOR/ COMMISSIONING LEAD (KAP) 2016 - 2017
Dow Chemical – Deer Park & Freeport, TX
Commissioning specialist on BD5 start up
New Construction (Dow Freeport)
Coordinator over Columns, Exchangers, and fixed Mechanical Equipment
Managed columns, exchangers, and fixed mechanical equipment
Red lined all commissioning drawings, change orders.
Coordinated crafts over revisions. Commissioning activities, Turnaround Crafts
Witnessed all final blow downs and start up.

CONSTRUCTION MANAGER (Integrity Inspection Services LLC) 2011 – 2016
Shell Oil – LA & TX Refinery locations
Shell Oil Pipeline Project, Vacuum Recovery to Incinerator (Donaldsonville, LA)
Dike Mitigation Project (Houma, LA)
Supervised Turnarounds, CUI, TSA (Thermal Aluminum Spray), Catalyst Change outs, and NACE level 1 coatings (Geismar, LA – Garyville, LA – Sorrento, LA - Mount Belview, TX – Houston, TX – Pasadena, TX)

QA/QC MAINTENANCE SUPERVISOR (Preferred Industrial Contractors, Inc) 2011 – 2011
Marathon Petroleum, Air Products, Calpine & Lyondell – Mont Belvieu, TX
Supported outages and new construction projects across 4 clients located at Mont Belvieu
Delegating maintenance tasks to the rest of the team, and finding relevant vendors and service providers.
Developing maintenance plans and implementing them.
Ensuring quality control standards are consistently met.
Keeping track of supply and material inventories.
Purchasing any equipment, tools, or materials that may be required.
Updating maintenance logs for all machinery.
Establishing protocols for non-mechanical maintenance.
Ensuring basic tools and machinery are in working order by performing regular inspections.
Assessing procedures and making recommendations for improvement.

PIPING SUPERVISOR (Performance Industrial Contractors) 2008 – 2010
Marathon Petroleum – Laplace, LA
Supervised entire new construction work for their Crude Train Project Green field project.

TURNAROUND SUPERVISOR & QA/QC LEAD (CCC LLC) 2004 - 2008
BP – Texas City, TX
Ran daily activities which included maintaining weld logs and building project packages
Customer interaction
Executed turnarounds
Supervising turnaround activities to implement, facilitate, and support the front-end-loading, planning, execution, and closure of the turnaround in accordance with the objectives established in the turnaround scope of work and within the approved cost and schedule.
Manage the Facilities Turnaround/Outage program following the project lifecycle philosophy. Each phase will have deliverables and actionable steps that contribute to the success of a planned Turnaround.
Outage Planning, including review and assurance of a planned job scopes, identifying key internal/external resources, materials and equipment, identifying key outage risks of found work/scope growth and development of the estimated cost.

TURNAROUND & MAINTENANCE SUPERVISOR/COORDINATOR 1984 - 2004
Shell Oil – Deer Park, TX
Involved in over 100 turnarounds and emergency outages in operations, crafts, and as a supervisor or coordinator
Coordinates contract maintenance staff including cleaning services, electricians, plumbers, and HVAC providers
Manages submitted work orders and communicates with tenants and internal departments
Handles purchasing of cleaning supplies, equipment, and other maintenance items while adhering to budget requirements
Supports maintenance supervisor or technicians with administrative tasks
Maintenance/Turnaround Coordinator/ Planning (7 years.)
Pipefitter and Boilermaker (6 years)
Process Operator Distillation Unit (7 years) Shell Oil Fire Department, ECA (emergency care attendant)
Shell oil Accident Investigation Team, Emergency Rescue Team

EDUCATION: San Jacinto Junior College

TRAINING: Local 211 Pipefitting apprentice school including math, blueprints, and pipe fabrication.
Texas A&M Firefighting school, ECA and Rescue training
Shell Oil
Process Operations School
Pipefitter and Boilermaker Crafts School
Hot Work Permit
Accident Investigations
Haz-Mat Safety (corrosion inhibitors, quality control, quality assurance, tubing, torque bolt-up, computer training, ergonomics training, steam traps and public speaking)
Pipeline Permitting School (Abnormal Pipeline Operations)
Commissioning Procedures
Document Control Training
OSHA 30, OQ’s
DOT Training and First Aid, CPR
Hazardous Waste Streams
NCEER Pipefitter and Boilermaker.
NACE level 1CIP @ NACE International
Gaskin Maintenance Millwright Apprentice
SAP PM Module Course Completion (60 hour course in Pearland, TX)
Contact this candidate