Joseph Smith

Yardley PA - 267-***-**** - ad49z9@r.postjobfree.com

Summary
Background includes managing production in a USDA regulated SQF inspected facility with 100+ employees as a Plant Manager in fast-paced production environment. Bringing 30+ years of related experience and dedication to meeting and exceeding performance targets. Last position at Mamamancinis we increased production in 2007 at 3.5 million to 50+ million in 2021 Safety-driven and responsive to changing workflows and company demands. I have 20+ years experience in food ingredient procurement and commodity purchasing.

Skills

Lean manufacturing principles Cost control improvements Team building and development Project coordination
Business development experience Maintenance scheduling
Vast HVAC knowledge Troubleshooting specialist Maintenance planning Quality assurance authority Health and safety compliance

New employee hiring Forecasting
Cost controls familiarity Supplier relations Pricing structures
Price negotiations Purchase orders
Quality assurance standards Vendor invoicing
Safety management Log updating

Experience Mamamancinis Plant Manager
East Rutherford, NJ, NJ-New Jersey

October 2007 to October 2021

Provided work direction, resolved problems, prepared schedules and supervised operations to complete work for team of 100+.
Gave direction and leadership to all levels of employees and managers. Improved workflow processes to maximize efficiency and enhance operations.
Promoted high-quality daily production by enforcing product standards and monitoring level of quality. Planned, directed and coordinated operations for production, machinery and processing within company policies and procedures.
Increased plant safety by implementing proactive strategies and well-structured training.
Evaluated and coordinated results of production and supported departments to ensure effective use of labor, materials and equipment resources for production.
Managed manufacturing operations for USDA cooked production.
Managed areas of manufacturing, safety, inventory control and process implementation. Directed daily operations at 20000 sq. ft. manufacturing plant.
Coordinated maintenance strategy for V- Mags, Meatball machines, Multivacs, rational ovens, Spiral ovens
,,ect including predictive and preventive measures.

Home Food Services of PA February 1990 to October 2007

Plant Manager
Bristol, PA
Provided work direction, resolved problems, prepared schedules and supervised operations to complete work for team of [Number].
Improved workflow processes to maximize efficiency and enhance operations.
Planned, directed and coordinated operations for production, machinery and processing within company policies and procedures.
Oversaw employees and related programs to maximize team productivity and facility output.
Evaluated and coordinated results of production and supported departments to ensure effective use of labor, materials and equipment resources for production.
Managed manufacturing operations for USDA raw Meat production.

Education and Training
Bucks County Community College
Associate of Arts: Manufacturing Engineering
Newtown, PA

April 1978

Accomplishments
Exceeded sales goals by an average of 12% annually for 14 years
Purchased highly effective new machinery that significantly impacted efficiency and improved operations. Negotiated with vendors, saving the company thousands annually.
Led team to achieve or exceed production goals, earning recognition from upper management and financial reward.
Contact this candidate