Keisha Michelle Deskins-Snead
(Local to Richmond, VA)

Summary:
The below skills make me a great fit for any company that I encounter. Please see below my Experiences and Knowledge.

An Excellent Professional with over 17 Extensive years of Experience performing Data Entry, Administrative, and Quality Assurance tasks within various industries.

Reporting and Analytics
Monitored, and worked a 160 Files Pipeline for 3 different Mortgage Lenders (ONQ Financial, AnnieMac Mortgage and Virginia Department Housing Authority-VDHA)
Experienced in setting up portal accounts for all Contractors, Borrowers and Lenders
Ensured phone calls were made to Title Companies and County Offices to Collect Documents and/or get information on Building Permit Verifications
Reviewed all Documents for Correct Spelling & Verbiage, Signatures & Dates, Loan Amounts, Draw Amounts, Interest Rates and Correct Names and Addresses
Prepared and sent documents for recording and funding.
Experienced in acquiring and Uploading Required Documentation
Adhering to Training Courses and completing them when assigned
Performed stacking loan docs via (hardcopy & electronic)
Experienced in Imaging & Copying documents using company naming conventions.
Working on various Projects Daily and Special Spreadsheets.

Education:
George C Marshall, Falls Church, VA, Graduated June 1996
Virginia State University, Petersburg, VA (3 years Completed)

Professional Experience:
Citizens Bank-Glen Allen, VA Oct 23-Jan 24
Business Support Specialist 1
Review and update procedures
Ingest procedures withing the new automation system (One View)
Merge procedures from the Share Drive into the SharePoint System
Assist with the Business Line Updates
Send editable copies to Business Line Owners to edit their Recurring and Mid-Cycle Reviews
Reporting and Analytics
Support for colleague engagement activities
Maintaining the Tracker of Procedures with updates daily.
Organizing the Tracker for Audit Purposes
Checking and Answering emails from management and Business Line Owners

Land Gorilla-California
Draw Support Administrator Jul 21 – Dec 22
Monitored, and worked a 160 Files Pipeline for 3 different Mortgage Lenders (ONQ Financial, AnnieMac Mortgage and Virginia Department Housing Authority-VDHA)
Conducted Welcome Calls for new monthly files for each Lender.
Set Weekly Goals and they were Met Weekly
Processed Draw Payments for Builders and Borrowers for New Construction Homes
Set up portal accounts for all Contractors, Borrowers and Lenders
Sent emails to Lenders (who were clients) with information and Status Updates on files.
Submitting Draws for payment to the Lenders after the Process review was done to get the Lender to pay the Contractor.
Phone Calls were made to Title Companies and County Offices to Collect Documents and/or get information on Building Permit Verifications
Ordered Progress Inspections and Title Endorsement/Updates on each file when a Draw was submitted/created.
Reviewed Progress Inspections to determine what work had been Completed on Different files.
Reviewed Title Endorsements and Updates to determine that there were no liens on the new property that was being built.
Reviewed all Documents for Correct Spelling & Verbiage, Signatures & Dates, Loan Amounts, Draw Amounts, Interest Rates and Correct Names and Addresses
Checking and responding to emails either same day or a 24-hour turnaround and working between 50-150 emails daily

First Title & Escrow, Inc.- Midlothian, VA Jul 20 – Jun 21
Post-Closing Specialist
Open and Check in FedEx Packages and track them in FT web system as
“Loan Closed and Package Received (The Company is not Paperless) Verify all documents are correct and are ready to record.
Prepare and Send documents for recording and funding.
Monitor Files and Escalate with Lenders when waiting on Funding Approval
Verify all requests from the Lenders that have been fulfilled, so the file can be properly funded (disbursed), filed, funded, and recorded.
Monitor files that have already closed to see when we should review the closing packages.
Sending emails to the lenders/brokers/sellers and attorneys all the stipulations and document requests to get sent back to me in a timely manner.
Sending documents via email to borrowers that were not signed and/or incorrect at closing and monitoring their proper return.
Manage emailing to complete Client Requests
Reviewing and Post Closing HUD-1 Settlement Statements and Real Estate Closing Documents
Answering Phones for Sellers, Lenders, Attorneys and Borrowers. Assisting them with Post Closing questions and/or directing them to the Processor who is working their files (I.E. Purchases and Refinances)
Answering the door for FedEx, UPS, Sellers, Notaries and Borrowers (Due to our office being closed for COVID)
Write and Pull Reports, Correspondences and Memos
Works with Internal Departments and Company Clients

BWW Law Group, LLC - Richmond, VA Apr 19 – May 20
VA Mortgage Referral Specialist
Manage Referrals referred by Clients.
Follow-Up with Attorneys with requests made to Clients that are needed to Continue with Foreclosure
Execute various Searches and monitor timelines.
Acquire and Upload Required Documentation
Organize and Respond in a timely fashion to emails sent by management and attorneys on Cases (Files) needing immediate attention.
Working in conjunction with Attorneys to ensure Cases (Files) are accurate, detailed, and complete.
Review Referrals and Restarts daily for Clients that we are assigned and ones in our pipeline.
Adhering to Training Courses and completing them when assigned
Clearing steps daily that are due for various Clients in three different systems, sometimes twice a day.

Livewell Financial, Richmond, VA Jan 18 – Jan 19
Post-Closing Administrator/Servicing Liaison
Stacking loan docs via (hardcopy & electronic)
Daily mail intake & distribution as received from USPS, FEDEX, UPS and other Shipping Entities
Image & Copy documents using company naming conventions.
Special Projects for Management
Reviewing and QC Reverse Mortgage Loans that are over 98% MCA Monthly
Scanned Notes & Documents in the appropriate sections
Helping the Servicing Department Research the Necessary Documents to Appropriate Departments
Respond to Emails to Title Companies, Bank of America, Celink, Originators, Lenders, Settlement Agents, Business Partners, Brokers, Attorneys and Foreclosure Processors requesting.
Documents and answering back to Client and Lender Questions
Creating Blank SOMA, Checking MERS System and Ordering MICS for 90 plus loans every month.
Filing Hard Copies in File Cabinets and Drawers Monthly
Review Documents for Accuracy on Reverse Mortgage Loans

SunTrust Bank, Richmond, VA Nov 08 – Sep 17
Mortgage Loan Specialist
Reviewed Conventional Loans for Purchase, Refinance, Escrow Construction-Permanent & Employee Loans.
Working on various Projects Daily and Special Spreadsheets
Examines and Reviewing Loans for Accuracy & Completeness
Worked in and used MSP & MERS systems daily.
Worked with the Quality Control Team (IQR) on Second Level Reviews/Loans
Cross-Trained daily loans with off-shore 10% to 15% QC Reviews/Loans
Maintaining Compliance to SunTrust Loan Processing Guidelines
Served As A Team Leader for Management Contests & Loan Review Assignments
Communicated with Settlement Agents, Title Companies, Attorneys,
Closers, Processors, Underwriters, & Internal and External Service Providers to Obtain missing Documents.
Successfully Completed Assigned Management Special Projects & Pilots
Contact this candidate