KHATEJA BEGUM
Email: ad4dr7@r.postjobfree.com
PH: 857-***-****
Project Manager
Professional Summary:
●Overall 6+ years of extensive experience in Business Analysis, Quality Assurance, Quality Control (QA/QC) and Business Process Re-engineering with proven ability to articulate Business Values with expertise in, Finance, US Healthcare and e-Commerce Industries.
●Experience working both in Agile and Waterfall SDLC Methodologies and Onsite/offshore delivery methods.
●Worked proactively with stakeholders (internal/external), including Business Users, Product Owners, Project Managers, Solution Architects, Design team and SMEs to gather/elicit requirements and report progress/issues to the Sr. Management and Project teams on a regular basis.
●Eliciting Requirements & Documentation: Conducting meetings, Security Lending, grooming sessions, brain-storming sessions, interviews, workshops, thorough email exchanges, surveys through existing documents.
●Extensive eye-for-detail to gather all nitty-gritty's & document all the requirements in SharePoint / MS Teams to kick-off the proceedings.
●worked in the pharmaceutical sector for a long time, one gains a thorough awareness of regulatory filing data and the significance of upholding GxP compliance.
●Record as a release train engineer (RTE), which will give us a strong basis for efficiently supervising and managing projects
●Worked on Brand New, Enhancement and Production Support Projects with ease.
●Experience in handling/tracking the requirements using ServiceNow, Security Lending, Azure DevOps (VSTS), TFS (MS Team Foundation Server), JIRA, good understanding of Data Virtualization methodology and tools such as Microsoft Reporting services, Visio, IBM Rational Rose Tableau, Power-BI.
●Experience in communicating plans and reporting status to the team, executive management and pertinent stakeholders (internal/external).
●Extensive use of MS Office tools like Capital Market, MS Visio, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and document sharing tools like MS SharePoint and MS Teams.
●Thorough understanding of SAFe Agile, Kanban. Lean Management concepts.
●Experience in risk and compliance in healthcare
●Proficient in writing SQL queries, process mapping, understand database packages, perform data analysis and writing Test plans, defect reports and create Traceability matrix using tools and manual processes.
●Experience in writing SQLs to confirm the source and target data in the databases and to pull reports.
●Strong work ethic, taking ownership of all duties and responsibilities and meeting management objectives. Strong business acumen, Capital Market, analytical, problem solving, interpersonal and presentation skills.

American Airlines (REMOTE), Fort Worth, TX September 2023 to Till Date
Project Manager

Responsibilities:
●Responsible for managing and maintaining relationships with clients as they pertained to new enhancements, GAP analysis, monthly reporting, and current expectations.
●Responsible for the gathering of requirements from clients, completing business analysis, and authored BRDs, FRDs and TDDs.
●Understand user expectations and develop functional requirements and raise clarifications with stakeholders.
●Knowledge Transfer to the development team on Functional Specifications.
●Trained developers on functional concepts and resolve functional problems faced.
●Acted as SPOC for business requirements and represented the end user in the development team.
●Lead and conducted functional testing thereby responsible for certification of product release before user acceptance.
●Worked with Compliance and Regulatory operations to follow and monitor different IT processes.
●Wrote Functional Specifications for a large domestic fixed income system.
●Responsible for the management of the software process from requirements gathering, documentation, management approval, client approval, development to testing and final presentation to the client.
●Provided consulting services to external clients and generated actual revenue equal to 235K.
●Performed manual testing including System, End-to- End, Regression and User acceptance testing.
●Provided Analyst support across all Software Development Lifecycle phases, and created deployment plan.
●Created Requirements Traceability matrix using Confluence and integration with JIRA, created JIRA Dashboards to demonstrate project tracking, customer reports, status reports, iteration burndown, etc.
●Coordinated UAT test efforts, worked with release engineering teams on defect fix and code migration to higher environments, re-testing defect corrections and approvals.

Snowstack (Internship)North Carolina USA January 2022 to June 2022
Project Manager

Responsibilities:
●Agile/Scrum Methodology based implementation. Involved in Sprints Planning, Scrum Calls, Authoring User Stories, Maintaining Product Backlog Items (PBIs), Issue Resolution Calls, CRs, Bug Logging and Tracking, Authoring/Implementing Test Cases, UAT Scripts, Product Demos and finally in Go-Live.
●Understanding the IT systems involved as well as understanding the key stakeholders and teams involved roles in the process Security Lending as well as management of the project.
●Proficiency in tools like Smartsheet and Jira Align allows me to streamline project workflows, foster seamless collaboration, and drive continuous improvement.
●Additionally, background in R&D within the pharmaceutical industry has given me a deep understanding of regulatory filing data and the importance of maintaining GxP compliance. Closely interacted with designers and software developers to make them understand application functionality and navigational flow and kept them updated for business users.
●Worked with Source system Subject Matter Expert (SME) to ensure that the extracts are properly mapped. Used SQL for data mapping and querying.
●Authored several SDLC artifacts, viz., Business lending, Process Maps, Use Case Model, and Functional migration documents.
●Experience in RTE (Release Train Engineer) will provide a solid foundation for overseeing and managing projects effectively.
●Additionally, extensive experience in program-incremental (PI) planning and budgeting ensures that projects are executed within allocated resources and timelines.
●Conducted testing of new products and features, including user acceptance testing in current and future systems.
●Advances in Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Project, Visio, SharePoint)

Ceequence Technologies Hyderabad, India September 2018 to January 2021
Project Manager
Responsibilities:
●Facilitated stakeholder elicitation workshops to develop High Level business requirements.
●Developed and documented functional and non-functional detailed requirements.
●Worked closely with design architects and operations teams to obtain requirement sign-off.
●Created Use Cases and Process Flow diagrams using MS Visio.
●Appointed primary quality assurance analyst, directing a QA team to test, plan, and execute end-to-end pre-deployment regression testing for a pilot client site.
●Wrote production validation test cases for the new software team and performed functional, regression, deployment, and integration testing.
●Converted system requirements into Use Cases and entered information into a Team Foundation Server (TFS).
●Reviewed and transformed business and User Story requirement documentation and created wireframes for stakeholder approval.
●Collaborated with product managers and a development team to identify and resolve issues, coordinate system requirements, and create project timelines.
●Designed CRM data reports to accurately track sales operations work flow, processes and documented yearly performance
●100% project completion on time while meeting strict timelines and stakeholder requirements
●Reengineered internal report process with leadership alignment, cross training new teams, creating service delivery commitments and process documentation.
●Accurately applied payments to third party vendors and successfully re-negotiated vendor contracts to reduce cost by 15 percent.
●Proactively conducted impact analysis of the internal stakeholder operations utilizing the CRM & ERP software module to document findings and presented cost cutting solutions
●Specialize reports point-of-contact for the vendors and sales operations staff
●Managed existing customer following while developing new business.
●Converted CRM leads into opportunities by applying the appropriate process of identifying the "what's" & "wants" of the stakeholder and maintaining communication during the project duration
●Created functional prototypes using Axure.
●Wrote and revised business requirements document with client, assigned technical team and managers until client sign-off was obtained.
●Created and executed scripts based on requirements and circulated results for sign-off.
●Trained the operational team selected to support the quarterly system implementations.
●Acted as the Subject Matter Expert on a corporate initiative to retire tables used by the claims system.
●Worked with Automation Testing team to incorporate multiple test scripts into their test bed.

Grapesoft Solutions Hyderabad, India May 2016 to August 2018
Business Analyst
Responsibilities:
●Prepare test script for Software Applications developed using Waterfall methodology.
●Utilized RFP (Request for Proposal) to gather financial information's estimates on internal/external labour and sketching timeline for project management phases assisting program manager.
●Improved cycle time, wait time, non-value-added processes and reporting requirements for each program areas and increase efficiency to quantified measures.
●Developed multiple project artifacts including - Project Schedule, WBS, Project Plan, Test Plan, Implementation plans, and Test scripts.
●Developed several artifacts including Information Resource Request (IRR) to support the project initiative and to have buy-in from management and other authorities and report status to the State CIO office. These documents include Return on Investment (ROI), Supplemental Budget Request (SBR), Cost Communication Matrix, RACI Matrix, Risk Plan, etc.
●Worked to create Data Mapping Documents and worked with business to write transformation rules through SQL
●Maintained test cases in the Test Plan and Test Lab module of Quality Center
●Performed GAP Analysis and Impact Analysis to identify the deficiencies of the current system and to identify the requirements for the proposed system.
●Created and maintained comprehensive test plans and test specifications through SharePoint.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Programming Languages : C, C++, Java, HTML, XML, PHP, SQL, PL/SQL, Database MS Access, Oracle, MYSQL,
MS SQL Server.
Operating Systems : MS-DOS, Windows, Linux, Apple McIntosh Software
Performance Testing Tools : Quick Test Pro (QTP), Virtual User Generator, Load Runner Processes/Technologies
Unified Process (RUP), Agile, Waterfall, UML, BP Modeler, Microsoft Office SharePoint
Reporting Tools : Crystal Reports, SQL Server Reports (SSRS)
Testing Tools : Requisite Pro, Win runner, QTP, Test Director, Quality Center, ALM, HTTP Unit,
Ascential Test, Confluence, SoapUI
MS Office Suite : (Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint & Outlook), MS Visio, Rational Rose,
Eclipse IDE, Adobe Acrobat, Adobe CQ5, Adobe Fireworks, MS Office FrontPage,
Lotus, Notes, Clear Quest, Clear Case

EDUCATION:
Northeastern University Boston, MA, USA 2021 – 2023
Masters in Project Management G.P.A: 3.8
Osmania University (Deccan College of Engineering and Technology) Hyderabad, India 2012 – 2016
Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science GPA: 3.5
Sultan-Ul-Uloom Inter College Hyderabad, India 2009 - 2012
Intermediate Science (M.P.C) GPA: 3.6

CERTIFICATIONS:
PSM1
Contact this candidate