Candace Hibner

**** ***** **.
DAYTON, OH, ****0
ad4idt@r.postjobfree.com
937-***-****

TECHNICAL SKILLS

ITIL Certification, Adobe Experience Manager Forms Designer, Adobe Experience Manager Forms Workbench, Windows Server 2012 R2, Windows Server 2008 R2, Microsoft System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM), Microsoft systems administration, JBoss, Printer Management, Database development, Agile, Contributed to and lead team projects, Remote Access VPN knowledge using Citrix, Cisco, and other authentication processes, Quality Assurance testing, assisted with UAT, created and performed various peer, customer IT Level, and end user training classes, Business Objects Reporting, SQL Reports, Oracle Reporting, InfoView, Windows 10, Windows 7, Microsoft Office suite, Office 365, MS Exchange / Outlook, SharePoint, Visio, MS Project, Advanced web browser settings, Internet Explorer, IT Service Management, iForms, SMARTWorks Clinical Enterprise, HEAT

EXPERIENCE DETAILS

Delta Point LLC Hybrid
Wright Patterson AFB OH
FMO Implementation Lead
Sept 2023 - Present

Provide expert technical and managerial leadership for implementation of systems and deliverables.

Capable of providing advisor and consultant services based on unique experience with a high level of technical value and return on investment.

Responsible for performing a variety of implementation planning and racking of tasks which are broad in nature.

Concerned with the design and implementation of the Oracle E-Business Suite solution.

Supporting activities required for users to go live with deployed software solution.

Project Leadership: Lead the Oracle implementation project from initiation to completion, ensuring that all project milestones, timelines, and deliverables deployed as per schedule.

Engie Impact Working Virtual from Dayton, OH
Implementation Analyst May 2022 – Sept 2023
Lead the process to understand, configure and manage the data ingestion process for onboarding clients to the zero carbon platform
Perform data quality control audits for data being ingested into the zero carbon platform
Maintain data quality rules by understanding business policy and system requirements being implemented.
Support the adherence to Key Performance Indicators that measure system adherence to documented data quality rules.
Monitor implemented entities, attributes and reference data, analyzing changes which may conflict with approved specifications.
Support data migration efforts to ensure transitioned data meets known data quality standards
Interface with quality control Subject Matter Experts, compliance and engineering to ensure data quality and consistency.
Provide general support to the business regarding data quality best practices and standards.
Review and understand the organization’s processes, operations and goals to ensure proper compliance based on SOPs.
Apply data stewardship principles to automated or manual cleansing of existing or recently created data elements
Maintain high level of confidentiality and objectivity
Perform other duties as assigned

The Greentree Group Dayton, OH
Configuration Manager Feb 2021 - May 2022

Responsible for development of requirements, definition, design, testing, training, and implementation support documentation using appropriate templates and analysis tools
Develop and utilize reports to analyze and stratify data in order to track status, identify gaps and provide answers to issues identified
Identify, manage and document the status of open issues, configuration design, and final resolution within change management system
Participate in meetings with business owners, users and IT to achieve solutions that meet the requirements and expectation of configuration initiatives
Review, analyze, and document effectiveness and efficiency of existing systems and develop strategies for improving or further leveraging systems

CBTS – PetValu Working Virtual from Dayton, OH
Project Coordinator Nov. 2020 – Feb. 2021

Interact with the Project Manager and various Stakeholders to organize the various components needed to initiate, run and conclude SDWAN conversions for 610+ stores
Create then maintain the projects risks, assumptions, issues and decisions (RAID)
Assist Program/Project Managers with project-chartering process and setup
Maintain project schedules/milestones/plans
Organize/facilitate project meetings with both internal and external stakeholders
Ensure programs are updated in the appropriate systems (OneDrive/SharePoint/Smartsheets/Excel)
Assign resource allocation, task planning and progress reporting working with project managers
Assist with tracking, compiling and reporting program and project metrics and budget
Prepare and maintain presentations, reports, briefing materials and other deliverables for the project
Develop quality assurance processes to reduce errors during the conversion process including resource management, equipment management, and store cooperation

OneBridge - Caresource Dayton, OH
Project/Program Coordinator April 2020 – November 2020

Interact with the Project and Program Manager to organize the various components needed to initiate, run and conclude projects
Maintain program risks, assumptions, issues and decisions (RAID)
Assist Program/Project Managers with project-chartering process and setup

Follow defined project management processes
Maintain project schedules/milestones/plans
Organize/facilitate program and project meetings
Ensure programs are updated in the appropriate systems (Demand Management Tool/SharePoint)

Assign resource allocation, task planning and progress reporting working with program and project managers
Assist with tracking, compiling and reporting program and project metrics and budget

Prepare presentations, reports, briefing materials and other deliverables for programs and projects
Familiar with the healthcare field, Agile Framework and DevOps, and knowledge of Medicaid and Medicare
Proficient in Microsoft Office tools, including PowerPoint, Word, Excel, Project, and SharePoint
Understands the lifecycle of a project using Agile Methodologies
Ability to effectively interact with all levels of management within the organization
Demonstrates analysis and collaboration skills
Ability to effectively and efficiently work within a project team
Effective written and verbal communications

Taylor Communications - Taylor Healthcare Dayton, OH
Implementation Specialist II Nov 2013 – April 2020

Provide leadership and support during various Agile sprints within projects of various ranges and scopes.
Host and present level specific training to educate end users, IT Level users, as well as peers, or other internal resources on how to navigate, utilize, maintain, and troubleshoot the system.
Document and develop training material for internal and external groups based on in class training sessions.
Develop quality assurance processes to reduce errors during UAT process. Share results of QA testing and document standardization rules to prevent reoccurrence of errors.
Subject matter expertise on, document design, document workflow, content, as well as production methods and print methodologies
Advanced level experience in Adobe Experience Manager Designer such as, converting forms from a different format, building new forms/templates, modifying existing forms/templates, creating electronic forms and troubleshooting when a form isn't printing correctly.
Offer client specific data analysis using online tools with product/system knowledge to determine program eligibility or modifications required to meet eligibility.
Coordinate software system installation and monitor equipment functioning to ensure specifications are met.
Extensive knowledge in a network Print Management environment. Installing printers, drives, assign callout trays and troubleshooting when a printer does respond.

WorkflowOne (a Taylor Communications Company) Dayton, OH
Customer Service Team Lead June 2008 – Nov 2013

Responsible for overall workload management, scheduling and leading team and individual meetings, and mentoring/coaching opportunities for a team consisting of nine associates with accounts in both traditional print and promotional products.
Manage the escalation process as requested from sales or team members including higher level projects and problem resolution.
Effectively and efficiently work as a liaison with various internal and external teams including Sales, Accounting, and Sourcing to insure the accuracy and timely arrival of various products to meet the growing needs of the customer.
Exceed both customer and sales expectations through consistent communication and meeting SLA’s.
Meet objectives Customer Service objectives for a personal book of business including, WIP reporting, Inventory Management, and Order Processing.

EDUCATION

SINCLAIR COMMUNITY COLLEGE Dayton, OH
Completed coursework towards A.A. Business Administration (Jun 2014)

NORTHEASTERN HIGH SCHOOL Springfield, OH
High School Diploma (Jun 1996)
GPA: 3.26

CREDENTIALS AND LICENSES

ITIL Certification Jan. 2018
US Air Force/Prosci Organizational Change Management March 2021
Contact this candidate