Mark Brown
Navarre, FL 850-***-**** ad4juh@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Retired Aircrew Operations Manager with a Secret Security Clearance and 21 years as a leader and manager in Air Force Special Operation. Able to multi-task projects and programs as well as lead inter-agency cooperation efforts to accomplish company goals. Possesses a comprehensive background in strategic planning, project management, operations management, process improvement, quality assurance, and employee training, development, and care derived from conducting military operations. Skilled at managing schedules, costs, and performance with a demonstrated ability to deliver quality results. Combines vision, ingenuity, and strong business acumen with well-developed management and leadership skills to support company effectiveness, reach, and overall success.

Team Leadership
Quality Assurance
Operational Logistics
Aircraft Operations
Occupational Safety
Data Collection/Analysis
Strategic Planning
Public Speaking
Microsoft Office/65 WPM
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Contract Delivery Manager/Program Manager, ACEs (July 2023-Present)
Contract lead for 25 employees and 25 subcontractors across three different bases in Florida and New Mexico. Responsible for successful task execution in 5 diverse areas. Ensures accurate/timely execution of scheduling of personnel, aircraft, and simulator resources, and efficient utilization of registrars, library, and learning center to ensure on-time graduation of aircrew students. Oversee Security and Computer Maintenance operations. Interfaces with the Government Contract Office Representative (COR) and customer leadership to identify issues and provide solutions.
Contract Delivery Manager, VectorCSP (Oct 2015-July 2023)
Task lead for 43 employees and 7 subcontractors across three different bases in Florida and New Mexico. Responsible for successful task execution in 5 diverse areas. Ensures accurate/timely execution of scheduling of personnel, aircraft, and simulator resources, and efficient utilization of registrars, library, and learning center to ensure on-time graduation of aircrew students. Oversee Security and Computer Maintenance operations. Interfaces with the COR and customer leadership to identify issues and provide solutions. Ensures contract aircrew are current and qualified to perform flying duties.
Flight Operations Analyzes, Lockheed Martin (July 2008-Oct 2015)
Duties include interfacing with scheduling, flight training offices, and NSA training team to facilitate student throughput at Hurlburt Field. Lockheed Martin’s commercial simulator training liaison to de-conflict training schedules for Hurlburt Field and Cannon’s training and operational units at SIMCOM, FSI and CAE. Maintained commercial training requests on AFSOC SharePoint site and reconciled invoices with a budget of over $2.5M for all commercial simulator training. Responsible to evaluate all NSA courses for logical/systematic flow to meet PFT requirements. Trained new employees to use STORM schedule manager, reviewed, made corrections required.
Project Manager, Wayne Dalton Doors (Nov 2007-Jul 2008)
Designed equipment, installed control systems, started, ran, and upgraded operational processes. Assessed processes for relevance, and adequacy of engineering equipment. Planned, developed, organized, and evaluated, coordinated, and improved comprehensive quality assurance program for large-scale service contracts, state-of-the-art technology.
First Sergeant, USAF (Aug2005-Aug 2007)
Principal advisor to military leadership on issues related to the enlisted force. Supervised 180 personnel, aided with personnel, and coordinated problem resolution between supervisors and their subordinates. Provided training on matters of leadership, self-discipline, and standards.
Operations Manager AC-130 Special Mission Aviator, USAF (Sep 1997 – Aug 2006)
Principle advisor to executives and senior executives on administration of personnel/enforced policies/developed/maintained standards. Provided experienced guidance to executive and senior executives for 170 AFSOC personnel and reviewed EPRs, decorations and secured training for professional development.
Aircraft Armament System Specialist, USAF (Oct 1986-Sep 1997)
Instructed Special Mission Aviators and deployed 23 times to different AOR’s around the World. Amassed just under four thousand combat hours with over one thousand instructor hours. Completed hundreds of training folders to included hundreds of evaluations.
EDUCATION
Master’s degree in Operations Management – 2019
University Arkansas
Bachelor’s Degree in Project Management – 2010
Northwest Florida State College
Associate in Applied Science, Aviation Operations – 2005
Associates in Aircraft Armament Systems - 2004
Associates in Human resources - 2007
Community College of the Air Force
SPECIALIZED TRAINING
BIC Basic Instructor Course
AC-130U Aerial Gunner Instructor Course
PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
Training Development Certification
Career Enlisted Aviator Senior Leader Course
Joint Special Operations Enterprise Management Course
Training Supervisor Certification
Senior Enlisted Joint Professional Military Education

1. Knowledge of analytical and evaluative methods and techniques for assessing program development or execution and improving organizational effectiveness and efficiency.
2. Knowledge of management principles and processes.
3. Skill in application of fact finding and investigative techniques.
4. Ability to communicate orally and in writing.
5. Ability to develop presentations and reports.
Contact this candidate