Eric Henderson
**** *********** *****
Hurst, Texas 76054

817-***-****

ad4kbx@r.postjobfree.com

www.linkedin.com/in/ekhenderson

WORK EXPERIENCE

The Container Store
CARROLLTON, TEXAS, USA
3/2022 – 2/2024

Senior Manager Enterprise Quality Assurance

The primary responsibility is management of testing Container Store Applications
oManual Testing
oAutomation Testing
oTCOE – Testing Center of Excellence
The secondary responsibility is assisting junior QA resources within the organization.
oMixture of 20 Employee and Contractors
oContractors onsite and in India,
Developed risk contingency, mitigation, and development resource allocation plans.
Developed project and test plans.
Used Jira (Xray) for Test Case Management
Skills: Manual Testing, Automated Testing, Performance Testing, QA Manager, SQL, JIRA
Tools: TFS, Selenium, Postman

Brinks Home Security
FARMERS BRANCH, TEXAS, USA
9/2016 – 3/2022

Manager Quality Assurance and DevOps

The primary responsibility is management of testing all Brinks websites and services.
oSAM
oMastermind
The secondary responsibility is assisting junior QA resources within the organization.
oMixture of 15 Employee and Contractors
oContractors based in India, Costa Rica, and Colorado
The other responsibilities are design and management of QA tools.
Gathered requirements and provided analysis.
Developed risk contingency, mitigation, and development resource allocation plans.
Developed project and test plans.
The position must maintain a variety of short run projects.
Administered MTM (Microsoft Test Manager) as the base tool for capturing QA Metrics.
Skills: Manual Testing, Automated Testing, Performance Testing, QA Manager, SQL, MTM
Tools: TFS, Selenium, SoapUI, Postman Telerik Test Studio, Visual Studio.
Digital Recognition Network
FORT WORTH, TEXAS, USA
7/2014 – 9/2016

Manager Quality Assurance

The primary responsibility is management of testing all DRN websites and services.
oSmart Collections – Web Application for Tracking and reporting License Plate Information
oDRN LPR – Web Application for Assisting call center associates with Customer support.
The secondary responsibility is assisting junior QA resources within the organization.
oHired 2 Junior QA Developers
oManaged 8 Offshore QA Team Members
The other responsibilities are design and management of QA tools.
Gathered requirements and provided analysis.
Developed risk contingency, mitigation, and development resource allocation plans.
Developed project and test plans.
Developed timeline and benchmark monitoring.
Creation and execution of automated Performance test scripts.
The position must maintain a variety of short run projects.
Administered MTM (Microsoft Test Manager) as the base tool for capturing QA Metrics.
Provided Performance testing with HP LoadRunner.
Skills: Manual Testing, Automated Testing, Performance Testing, QA Manager, SQL, MTM
Tools: TFS, Telerik Test Studio, Visual Studio.

Check-6, INC
FORT WORTH, TEXAS, USA
4/2014 – 6/2014

Team Lead Consultant Quality Assurance

The Primary responsibility was the QA Lead for Check-6 Training System offerings.
oCheck6 Materials Management – Web application for Offshore Drilling compliance
oResponsible for 2 QA Members
The other responsibilities are design and management of Microsoft Test Manager, Visual Studio Test Tools.
Quality Assurance Methodology and Risk Assessment Methodology.
Gathered requirements and provided analysis.
The position was responsible for working with end users to define system requirements and resolve business issues.
The position was responsible for processes and documentation to support the system needs produced and reviewed with interested parties, including QA analysts, database analysts and developers.
Skills: Manual Testing, QA Lead, SQL, MTM
Tools: TFS, Microsoft Team Manager, Visual Studio.

GAMESTOP, INC
GRAPEVINE, TEXAS, USA
6/2013 – 4/2014

QA Manager Consultant

The primary responsibility is management of offshore QA resources testing Microsoft Services.
oManaged 6 Team Members Locally (4 QA, PM, 1 Developer)
oManaged 12 Offshore Philippine QA Team Members
The secondary responsibility is the TFS Admin for QA teams.
The other responsibilities are design and management of Microsoft Test Manager, Visual Studio Test Tools.
Designed Automation and Process Flow for GameStop CSLQA, bringing transparency to organization.
oCSL – Automation of API and Load testing of GameStop POS Systems
Gathered requirements and provided analysis.
Developed risk contingency, mitigation, and development resource allocation plans.
Developed project and test plans.
Developed timeline and benchmark monitoring.
Executing automated Performance test scripts.
The position has to maintain a variety of projects ranging from short turnaround to multi-year projects.
The position was responsible for Processes and documentation to support the system needs are produced and reviewed with interested parties, including quality assurance analysts, database analysts and developers.
The position was responsible for project feasibility, cost and ROI analysis, and functionality impacts, as well as coordination with the development staff in the creation of new solutions.
Administered MTM (Microsoft Test Manager) as the base tool for capturing QA Metrics.
Provided Performance testing with Microsoft Visual Studio using test designed by QA Development staff.
Skills: Manual Testing, Automated Testing, QA Manager, SQL, MTM
Tools: TFS, Microsoft CodedUI, Visual Studio.

MEDHOST
PLANO, TEXAS, USA
8/2011 – 6/2013

QA Automation Engineer

The primary responsibility is the automation of Medhost Main EDIS application.
The secondary responsibility is the agile regression team lead.
oResponsible for 2 Automation Developers
The other responsibilities are design and management of Microsoft Test Manager, Visual Studio Test team liaison, VMWare Lead.
Technical liaison for whole QA Team, provided team first line support for hardware and VM assistance.
Testing Functions included load testing, Scenario Testing, Performance testing, Destructive testing, White Box Testing, Black Box Testing, Integration testing and Functionality testing. Provided Clients with Business Analysis Value to ascertain and ensure that systems match what the client needs.
The position was responsible for analysis, evaluation and to identify modifications to existing and proposed systems.
The position was responsible for working with end users to define system requirements and resolve business issues.
The Position was responsible for Processes and documentation to support the system needs are produced and reviewed with interested parties, including QA analysts, database analysts and developers.
Provided Testing with Quick Test Professional using test designed by QA Development staff.
Designed Current Test Metric Flow for QA Team, mentoring use of Microsoft Test Manager
Skills: Manual Testing, Automated Testing, QA Team Lead, SQL, Team Lead
Tools: TFS, Quick Test Professional, Microsoft CodedUI, VMWare
MARKIT NA
DALLAS, TEXAS, USA
5/2007 – 8/2011

QA Technical Lead (AVP)

The primary responsibility was the QA Lead for Markit’s Customer Interface offerings.
The teams were in an agile format with the ability to choose the level of work.
The secondary Responsibility was the Manager of the VMware Lab Manager Domain.
The other Responsibilities was the Design of Automation Tools usage.
Technical Liaison for whole QA Team, provided team support for hardware and VM assistance.
The position was responsible for analysis, evaluation and to identify modifications to existing and proposed systems.
The position was responsible for working with end users to define system requirements and resolve business issues.
The position was responsible for Processes and documentation to support the system needs are produced and reviewed with interested parties, including QA analysts, database analysts and developers.
The position was responsible for project feasibility, cost and ROI analysis, and functionality impacts.
Championed the usage of Virtual Environments thereby saving company test cycles.
Skills: Manual Testing, Automated Testing, QA Team Lead
Tools: Quick Test Professional, LoadRunner, VMWare, Bugzilla

MCKESSON CORP
CARROLLTON, TEXAS, USA
11/2005 – 5/2007

Senior Technical Engineer

My responsibilities in this engagement were to assist McKesson in Test Automation activities for Functional Testing as well as Performance Testing. McKesson uses Mercury Products to manage Test Suite applications (Quality Center, TestDirector, LoadRunner, and QuickTest Professional) to test their systems.
Responsible for all maintenance of Automation efforts within the Carrollton office.
Also responsible for associated test Hardware, which includes PC's Switches, etc.).
Technical liaison for whole QA Team, provided team first line support for hardware and VM assistance.
Designed Test Lab and assisted in development of Performance initiative, saving test cycles.
Skills: Manual Testing, Automated Testing, QA Team Lead, Performance Testing
Tools: TestDirector (Quality Center) Quick Test Professional, LoadRunner

RYDER LOGISTICS
FORT WORTH, TEXAS, USA
1/2005 - 11/2005

Senior Automation Engineer Consultant

Position managed all System Test Automation Processes. Test applications using Mercury WinRunner, QuickTest Professional, LoadRunner, and Test Director.
The systems used are Web Based, Java with Windows and Oracle Backend. System Architecture types tested range from Vehicle management to warehouse product and logistics.
Technical liaison for whole QA Team, provided team first line support for hardware and VM assistance.
Skills: Manual Testing, Automated Testing, Performance Testing
Tools: TestDirector (Quality Center) Quick Test Professional, WinRunner, LoadRunner, VMWare

LOANLINKLENDING CENTER
GRAND PRAIRIE, TEXAS, USA
3/2003 - 1/2005

QA Manager

The LoanLinkLending Center is a multi-million Dollar Service center where customers are provided loan processing and customer service assistance for 300 credit unions across the United States. Most Applications were either Internet Based or Call Center based operations.
Provided Quality Assurance Methodology and Risk Assessment Methodology.
Gathered requirements and provided analysis.
Developed project plans.
Developed timeline and benchmark monitoring.
Assisted with development risk contingency, mitigation, and development resource allocation.
Developed software test case development documentation.
Executing automated test scripts
Designed Test manifest and team mentoring for QA Team,
Skills: Manual Testing, Automated Testing, Performance Testing, Management
Tools: Web Environment, SQL Databases, WinRunner, Quick Test Professional, LoadRunner

ANALYSTS INTERNATIONAL
DALLAS, TEXAS, USA
5/2002 - 3/2003

Performance Analyst Consultant

JPMorgan Chase has several Systems that provide value to their customers in reporting, portfolio control, and customer service. The systems that were in focus were the reporting programs, the merger and Acquisition programs, and the stock portfolio management programs. These systems were built with a web face and had backend databases and mainframe operations as support.
Provided LoadRunner Performance Testing for the application to measure:
Web Traffic from London and California to determine latency.
Determine Maximum user Load.
Used Stress Testing to Find Network and Procedural Bottlenecks
Optimize Backend Databases and Mainframe Operations
Responsible for the design and implementation of test environment and test cases.
Provided client with Quality Assurance Methodology and Risk Assessment Methodology.
Tested applications programming projects.
Software test case development documentation
Executing automated test scripts
Analyzing test data to identify patterns & projections.
Gathered requirements and provided analysis.
Developed project plans.
Developed timeline and benchmark monitoring.
Assisted with development risk contingency, mitigation, and development resource allocation.
Skills: Manual Testing, Automated Testing, QA Team Lead, Performance Testing
Tools: TestDirector (Quality Center) Quick Test Professional, LoadRunner, VMWare

AKILI SYSTEMS GROUP
DALLAS, TEXAS, USA
2/2001 - 3/2002

Consultant

Position required analysis of systems from business and technical standpoints. Testing Functions included load testing, Scenario Testing, Performance testing, Destructive testing, White Box Testing, Black Box Testing, Integration testing and Functionality testing. Provided Clients with Business Analysis Value to ascertain and ensure that systems match what the client needs.
The Position was responsible for the analysis, evaluation and to identify modifications to existing and proposed systems.
The Position was responsible for working with end users to define system requirements and resolve business issues.
The Position was responsible for Processes and documentation to support the system needs are produced and reviewed with interested parties, including quality assurance analysts, database analysts and developers.
Responsible for testing applications, software test case development documentation, generating manual test scripts, executing automated test scripts, analyzing test data to identify patterns & projections, documenting & solving problems identified during testing activities, supporting GUI/End to End & interface testing.
Skills: Manual Testing, Automated Testing, Performance Testing, Management
Tools: Web Environment, SQL Databases, WinRunner, Quick Test Professional, LoadRunner

CITIZENS COMMUNICATIONS
PLANO, TEXAS, USA
7/2000 - 2/2001

BA Consultant

Provided QA Testing functions and methodology to test AS400 and Mainframe (RTE) applications. Managed all Automated-testing projects. Citizens Communications used DPI as their primary user system. Citizens Communications uses Mercury Interactive products to test applications and log defects in new releases. Test Management was the focus of my work at citizens.
Test Management includes the design, administration, and flow of tests and management of defect review. Testing Functions included load testing, Scenario Testing, Performance testing, Destructive testing, White Box Testing, Black Box Testing, Integration testing and Functionality testing.
The Position used Business Analysis Value to ensure that systems match what Citizens Communications needed.
The Position was responsible for Processes and documentation to support the system needs are produced and reviewed with interested parties, including quality assurance analysts, database analysts and developers.
The Position was responsible for project feasibility, cost and ROI analysis, interoperability and functionality impacts, as well as coordination with the development staff in creation of new solutions.
I was responsible for working closely with the development organization throughout the project lifecycle to ensure the delivery of a quality project.
Skills: Automated Testing, Load/Performance Testing, White/Black Box Testing, and Functionality testing.
Tools: Quick Test Professional, LoadRunner

KPMG PEAT MARWICK LLP
DALLAS, TEXAS, USA
9/1998 - 7/2000

Consultant

Analyzed and organized structured testing Protocols for KPMG Peat Marwick LLP clients.
Analyzed systems from business and technical standpoints.
Responsible for assessing Year 2000 state and helping to create a sufficient environment for growth in QA and Year 2000 Compliance. Designed and implemented test environment and test cases.
Provided client with knowledge base of QA Methodology as well as Risk Assessment Methodology.
Skills: Load/Performance Testing, White/Black Box Testing, Integration\Functionality testing.
Tools: WinRunner

SKILLS

Manual Test Experience
23 Years
QA Team Management
15 Years
TCOE Process
8 Years
Resource Budgeting
8 Years
JIRA
5 Years
DevOps Management
2 Years
SQL Testing
5 Years
Visual Studio Test Tools
5 Years
Quality Center Admin
8 Years
Microsoft Test Manager
7 Years
Performance Testing
8 Years
VMware Design/Admin
5 Years
Contact this candidate