AVI CASPI
ad5a2c@r.postjobfree.com 925-***-****

Senior Operations Leader with a "hands-on" results-oriented approach, leading global operations, and quality teams, with a consistent track record of success, for fast-growing companies in the consumer electronics and manufacturing industries.
Business Operations: Organization and implementation of world-class, high-volume and low-volume high mix manufacturing systems and operations within domestic and international settings.
Strategic Planning: From start-up mode to structure competitive environment encompassing materials, quality assurance, engineering, and manufacturing.
Leadership: Successfully directing, motivating, and building teams of over 2,000 employees in multiple locations.

UPS, San Jose CA, 2022
Air Logistics Operations
●Directed transload activities to support account objectives for level of service, cost management, customer expectations, and volume requirements.
●Management of department resources to ensure maximum output, accuracy, and efficiency always.

AMAZON, San Jose CA, 2020 - 2022
Station Operations Manager
●Enable effective flow of products supporting Amazon’s customers.
●Participate and lead weekly strategic planning, organizing, and directing the work of compliance managers to meet benchmarks.
●Inspiring team to be customer-first while maintaining the highest quality standards.
●Collaborate with various Amazon teams to formulate strategy, seek automation opportunities, and leverage technology.
●Leverage data to continuously improve processes at Amazon.
●Lead a team of 100+ associates with six direct managers.

VERIFONE, San Jose CA, 2004 – 2019
Senior Director of Supply Chain and Quality
Develops technology for electronic transactions services at point-of-sale.
●Drive the growth of Verifone’s $2B operations by promoting “best-in-class” quality management across 6 global locations.
●Establish partnerships with strategic international suppliers and contract manufacturers to ensure on-time delivery at the highest quality standards.
●Improved components yield by 50% with implementing supplier-quality best practices.
●Design and implement performance improvement strategies that mitigated product defects and reduced field returns by 50%
●Launched an NPI supplier readiness program, from design to mass production, which yielded 99% component quality.
●Implemented a data-driven QA program using statistical methods to analyze product and field failures worldwide, increasing process efficiencies by 80%.

Tut Systems (Acquired by Motorola Systems), San Jose CA, 2000 – 2004
Vice President, Operations
A leading developer of broadband systems and IP switching platforms.
●Led the integration of the Development and Operations to help establish the infrastructure required to meet the company’s business objectives and product time-to-market.
●Developed manufacturing and quality infrastructure leading to growth of 400% annually.
●Established ties with local and Asian subcontractors to provide on-time deliveries, with minimum 10% quarterly cost reductions

Netro Corporations (Acquired by SR Telecom), San Jose, CA, 1998 - 2000
Vice President, Operations
Designs and manufacturers point-to-multipoint broadband equipment.
●Developed “in-house” manufacturing processes to accommodate new product development and ramp-up manufacturing capabilities.
●Developed global “supplier chain” strategy to support company growth.

EDUCATION

MBA, Pepperdine University, Los Angeles, CA
M.Sc Industrial and Systems Engineering, University of Southern California, Los Angeles
B.Sc Industrial Engineering, California State Polytechnic University, Los Angeles, CA
Contact this candidate