LaMar Estelle
**** ******* *****
Rochester Hills, MI 48307
517-***-****
ad5dnr@r.postjobfree.com
Summary: Operation Manager with over 20+ experience leading the day to day functions within a production or distribution center. Lead operation centers with up to 180 employees and $60 Million in inventory. Recognized throughout career for being a visionary as a production leader leveraging with in-depth knowledge of the marketplace and the operations dynamics to significantly increase revenue and operational efficiency. Strong adherence at bridging employee’s performance gaps to complete business interest, developing process improvement initiatives through team development and increasing customer satisfaction in a basic and competitive manner. Recognized for ability to identify continuous changes actions to reduce cost, enhance safety, quality and increase efficiency. Seeking an Operation Manager position in production bringing 20+ years of experience.
KEY
STRENGTHS: Quality Assurance Management
Project Cycle Management
Lean Manufacturing Practices
Cost Reduction & Budgeting
Operation Improvement
Facilities / Operation Startup
Risk Management & Inventory Control
Strategic Planning and monitoring Metric compliance Safety Standards Compliance
Certified Hazardous Waste Manager
Acting Plant Manager
Negotiated UAW Contracts and Grievances
Design Cell layouts for increase production
Created production in QAD mfg. system
CORE COMPETENCIES:
Strong operation process improvement background through effective cost reduction, tactical planning, productivity gain and revenue growth strategies.
Ability to communicate with employees and get buying to complete project on or before deadlines.
Expertise in lean manufacturing & JIT with extensive scope of responsibility and proven track record of delivering optimal results in a high growth environment that exceeds operational goals and yields measurable results. Experience
Unique Fabricating Inc Auburn Hills, MI
Logistic Superintendent 2014 to Present
Established daily production planning and schedule for operations to include material flow Reduced production lead time with enhance schedule to meet customer requirement based on weekly demands.
Negotiated 3rd party TL and LTL deliveries along with expediting carriers to the saving of $200k Reduce indirect labor in shipping by 20% by moving inventory for fast moving parts and reallocating Finish Goods storage by customer specific warehouse locations. Lead continuous improvement teams with cost savings of minimum $10k monthly Establish JIT system with corrugated box supplier to reduce storage space in warehouse Created Cell layouts to improve offline packing process to increase productivity by 10% Managed inventory daily thru cycle counting and reduction of inventory loss and discrepancies Develop training matrix for employees to have a self-directed workforce. Conduct weekly meeting with UAW to enhance employee relations. Monitor daily ASN notification to GM, Chrysler and Ford Developed and Managed Yearly Business Plan for Logistic Department Eliminate waste applying Global Manufacturing Processes Improve customer delivery from 88% to 99.8% on-time delivery General Motors- Service Parts Operation Flint, MS
Operation Manager 2002 to 2014
Assume full responsibility for managing all plant Inbound and Outbound Operations, including material returns, maintenance, sanitation and production along with administrative duties. Managed the successfully transformation of a bottom tier facility to number one ranking in 2006, 2008, and amongst the top three in subsequent years. Ensure the facility meets full safety, quality and production levels while simultaneously initiating lean projects from inception to completion.
Develop yearly business plan for facility in accordance to SPQRC metrics. Oversee the daily operation of a 475,000 square feet distribution center Hire, train and evaluate a cross functional team of employees Set and maintain productivity and quality standards, monitoring on a daily basis Train associates on Continuous Improvement and Lean Operations processes and document protocols for facility references and feedback
Establish criteria for training and proficiency evaluations, and modify as needed to ensure best practices
Conduct daily staff meetings through shift to review performance, planning, cost, safety customer support and quality
Establish initiatives to attain corporate standards per metric and conduct regular presentations to management team and associates regarding the state of the business and preamble indices. Apply measures to correct performance behavior and process deviations using behavior countermeasures, training and performance process control evaluations Manage order tracking, inventory fulfillment and distribution of products using customized warehouse management system (WMS)
Increased lead-time objective 20% by restriction organization through root cause analysis and process management/JIT initiatives. Reduce indirect labor by 20% by reallocation workforce. Improve on-time delivery from 86% to 100% within 1 month by implementing project planning based on team involvement, quality and customer satisfaction. Manpower was reduced by 30% and reallocation of workforce in plant production. Apply Kaizen methodology to eliminate waste, standardize work and continually improve operations
Assigned workers to specific duties, such as verifying amounts, storing incoming merchandise and assembling customer orders for delivery.
Reduction of daily route trailer to public cross dock by 40% through team analyzing daily volume being loading.
Established operational procedures for verification of incoming and outgoing shipments, handling and disposition of merchandise and keeping of warehouse inventory. Directed reclamation of damaged merchandise.
Kaydon Corporation Dexter, MI
Plant Supervisor 2000 to 2001
Executed daily operations of production and manpower planning Design cell layout to increase productivity and reduction of overtime Created Kanban flow system to control production flow Coordinated R&D projects for new products and improvement of quality Implemented inter-departmental cross training to increase productivity by 25% Meeting with employees to give performance feedback and area of improvement or acknowledge of strong productivity, safety and quality Instructed employees on lean manufacturing & JIT system. Conducted weekly meeting with Labor relations and UAW Committee on Plant polices, procedure and grievances
Wolverine Metal Specialties/Elco Textron Jackson, MI Manufacturing Manager 1998 to 2000
Created production schedule in a QAD MFG system
oversee the daily operation ensure goal and targets and maintained Received Supplier quality award from Nissan Automotive Increase service part rating in 2 month with GM from last to the highest delivery rating Coordinated Continuous improvement projects with engineering Created QS9000 work instruction and procedures for all plant operations Conducted weekly department meeting on productivity, safety and quality Customer service contact for TRW, Toyota, Collins & Aikman, GM Service and Chrysler Establish visual aids to monitor production efficiency and flow. Coordinate with engineering through system analysis on quick change dies to reduce downtime for change over, increasing productivity 27%
Establish departmental training to reduce downtime due to lack of skill employees Coordinated with steel company to produce product that eliminated oil on tooling dies to a soap based material.
Restructure warehouse to eliminate contamination of parts, reducing expedited parts in one year from $500,000 to $25,000 dollars and subsequent year down to $10,000. MACI-Nippondenso Parma, Mi
Production Control Specialist 1992 to 1998
Maintain inventory control and cycle counts
Supervised the daily shipments of overseas containers along with inbound and outbound material
Train associates on ASN (Advance Shipping Notification) Trained associates on the JIT shipping and delivery system Created floor plan for shipping of customer products- Toyota, Honda, GM and Chrysler Provided production supply support
Lead lean continuous improvement team in weekly meetings Redesign a two associate parts warehouse to increase efficiency, reduced manpower and reallocated into production.
Military: United States Air Force 1986-1991
Secret Security Clearance
Good Conduct Medal
Received Campaign Medal after service in Desert Storm Education: CCAF- Community College of Air Force United States Certificate - Warehouse Storage and Distribution 1990-1991 JCC- Jackson Community College Jackson, MI
General Studies 2002-2005
Kaplan University Kaplan University Avenue
Completing degree BS in Business 2015-Present
Administration
Additional Training:
Bronze Certified in Lean Warehouse Management
Trained in General Motors Supervisor Program
Trained with Quality Network on Problem Solving and Workplace Organization Trained in Nippondenso Supervisory Program
Hazardous Material Certified - IATA / 49CFR
Contact this candidate