ADRIENNE M KORNEGAY PMP® SAFe Secret
Washington, DC 301-***-**** ad5g7g@r.postjobfree.com
Summary: Experience consultant and program manager with a proven track record of establishing, creating and implementing quality programs. Using quality standards, procedures, techniques and methods. Team player with great people and leadership skills. Experience:
CACI International Arlington, VA July 23 – March 2024 Software Quality Assurance Engineer & Risk Management Lead
Develop QA and Metrics Plan to ensure quality.
Facilitator to process improvements, lessons learned and peer reviews.
Lead auditor to ensure effectiveness and efficiency of program process and procedures. Leverage CMMI Dev practices area and goals.
Generate compliance reports with corrective actions and recommendations for improvements.
Monitor QASP and surveillance methods to ensure performance standards are achieved.
Investigate and research non-conformance issues and report to management with detailed plan of action.
Identify and analyze risks conduct risk assessments. Develop risk controls and contingency plans.
IBM Business Consulting Washington, DC Oct 2022 – Jun 2023 Program Manager
Monitoring and scheduling resources for 24/7 shift work.
Documenting process and procedures to ensure quality.
Track and monitor daily system inputs and metrics. Track system issues.
Onboarding and offboarding personnel.
Tracking accesses and clearances
IBM Business Consulting Washington, DC Jul 2022 – Oct 2022 Quality Lead
Develop test strategies.
Created Test Plans and scripts.
Document test guidance and test approaches for user acceptance and smoke testing.
Identify, analyze and document defects, errors and inconsistencies in software.
Facilitate and organize daily standups for test teams.
Planning, estimating and scheduling testing activities.
Research automation testing tools and making recommendations to management. IBM Business Consulting Washington, DC Oct 2021 – Aug 2022 Subcontract Management Lead
Oversee subcontracting teams of 25 resources in four locations.
Work with management to streamline PMO processes.
Monitor cost, schedule, finance and technical performance issues.
Report financial to management monthly at manager meeting.
Onboarding and offboarding of personnel.
Setup new purchase orders and establish charge codes.
Server as liaison between business units and contracting officer representatives.
Support contract closeout, client satisfaction and proposals. IBM Business Consulting Washington, DC Jan 2010 – Aug 2022 Quality Assurance Lead
Develop QA Plan and Peer Review Process.
Facilitator to process improvements, lessons learned and peer reviews.
Lead auditor to ensure effectiveness and efficiency of program process and procedures. Leverage CMMI Dev practices area and goals.
Generate compliance reports with corrective actions and recommendations for improvements.
Investigate and research non-conformance issues and report to management with detailed plan of action.
Training program personnel on QA activities.
Support government QA with CMMI external appraisal support.
Review all deliverable and work products to ensure quality before delivery.
Provide onboarding support for new resources.
Education:
Master, Management Information Systems, Strayer University, DC, 2006 BA, Public Administration, University of District of Columbia, DC, 1994 Certifications
CMMI Certified Associate, PMP, SAFe Agilist
Tools/Methodologies
JIRA, Confluence, MS Suites, Agile, CMMI, Visio, Access Memberships
PMI Institute, member – Washington DC Charter
Clearence
DOD Secret
Contact this candidate