MUHAMMAD KALEEM
Contact details: +92-303-******* / ad5g6g@r.postjobfree.com
Address: House# 8, Railway Power House, Mughalpura, Lahore Pakistan.
Date of Birth: February 28th, 1992 Nationality: Pakistani
Skills Summary
I am Production, Quality and Food Safety practitioner and with 8 years of management experience, outstanding planning and creative thinking ability. I am aiming to utilize and enhance my knowledge and professional skills in a dynamic and stable workplace.
Education
Degree / Date of Graduation
M.Sc. (Hons.) Food Technology 2013-2016
University of Agriculture, Faisalabad, Pakistan

B.Sc. (Hons.) Food Science and Technology 2009-2013
University of Agriculture, Faisalabad, Pakistan

3 months internship at Madni Ghee Pvt. Ltd. 2013
Faisalabad.
Experience
BUNNY’S Limited, Lahore, Pakistan
Manager Production (Bread and Bun plants) / September 2015 - December 2023 (08 years)
To provide support and cooperation for resolving critical issues related to internal and external
complaints, seasonal variations, and product development activities.
Manage and develop production system to ensure the Food Safety, Quality, increased Productivity, and Cost standards are Maintained.
Regularly review the quality of the purchase goods to ensure the Quality standards.
To oversee production as per demand timely delivery and to reduce losses by ensuring good quality production and by lowering process and product waste.
To liaise with the Maintenance Engineers regarding preventive and corrective maintenance of equipment and machines.
Maintain the effective relation with internal stakeholders to improve the business goals.
Participate in the support of plant and company safety programs, promoting and maintaining a high level of awareness and adherence to defined employee safety requirements such as lock-out/ tag out, personal protective equipment, confined space entry, etc.
Lead key projects with R&D to support business goals.
To focus on the current production related operations and develop new refined Process, systems, procedures to improve the business.
Determine and execute improved technologies used by suppliers, competitors, and customers.
Determines the process for creating new products. Gathers the raw materials necessary to build or create the product being developed.
Prepares and analyze food cost variance reports provided by the Finance department to identify the production gaps.
Prepares a cost analysis on the development of a new product.
Ensures that every phase of a particular project proceeds as planned and scheduled.
To give technical guidance to my team (APM and Food Technologists) to enable them to perform their jobs efficiently.
To initiate recipe improvement and development-related activities, when needed (manufacturing & packaging).
To assist Management representative in implementing, maintaining, and updating AIBI, FSSC
22000, ISO 9001:2008, Halal Management System as well as HACCP plan at the plant.
To ensure compliance with in-place SOPs, and statutory and regulatory requirements in coordination with relevant departments to maintain a hygienic environment.
Control, direct, and monitor production staff, organize staff selection, training, and development.
Certifications and Awards:
Lead Auditor – FSSC V5.1
IRCA approved 5 days lead auditor certified FSSC 22000 V5.1 from Bureau Veritas Pakistan. September 2023
HACCP Level 3
Highfield approved 2 days HACCP level 3 with distinction.
September 2023
Other certifications:
One day training on ISO/IEC 17025:2017 in Feb 2022.
One day training on Halal Food Manufacturing in the light of Islamic Shariyah in Sep, 2020.
One day training on Importance of Integrated Pest Management (IPM) in Aug, 2020.
One day training on to Halal Food Management System (PS 3733-2016) in April, 2017.
Personal Skills:
Production management, Self-motivated, Good Communication, Skills Multitasking, Team Leader, Cost Controller, Effective time management, Ability to works as Team, Food safety,
Languages:
English, Urdu and Punjabi.

References will be provided on demand.
Contact this candidate