JULIER CESAR E. BALLADARES
CHEMIST / QUALITY ASSURANCE MANAGER
PROFILE
A proficient Quality Assurance Manager who can handle quality management standard ISO accreditation and standard laboratory operational procedures.
A reliable person who can implement corrective measures on product operational errors and can manage operational timelines that is needed. Can design process for technical improvement and able to develop and formulate new products that will be needed and integrated in the existing processes.
CONTACT
PHONE:
+639*********
+675********

EMAIL:
ad5gp1@r.postjobfree.com
ad5gp1@r.postjobfree.com

PERSONAL COMPETENCIES
Dedicated
Process operation-oriented
Results Driven
Customer Focus

EDUCATION
Bachelors of Science in Chemistry
Colegio de San Agustin Bacolod
May 2000

Central Visayas Polytechnic University
Bais City Branch, Bais City Negros Oriental Philippines
Units: Education teaching (12 units)

Associate in Industrial Chemistry
Foundation University
1990-1993 “Consistent Outstanding Student Year Awardees"
March 1993 “Nominated for Outstanding Student Year Awardees"
International Young Men's Christian Association-Inter Universities

WORK EXPERIENCE
QUALITY ASSURANCE & PROCESS MANAGER
MEGA FOOD & BEVERAGE CORP. LIMITED
November 2020 - Present
Manages day to day operational activities in the noodles factory and oil factory.
Administers qualitative and quantitative test analysis on both oil and noodles
Provide technical assistance as requested on product regulation and compliance issues including product registration, inspection, testing, product control and compliance.
Manage review of quality control policies and standard operating procedures, including continuous improvement activities, to ensure that policies and standards are observed for the storage and handling of shipped products.
Schedules manpower operations
Schedules operational loads
Monitors KPI standards
Monitors maintenance activity
Administers microbiological test

WORK EXPERIENCE
Saudi Aramco Chemical/Laboratory Supervisor
Saudi Aramco Technical Support Group-Engineering Design Process
AbqaiqSewage Water Treatment Plant
Mubarazz, Al Hassa & Abqaiq RSTP
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
September 8, 2015 to 2020
Supervise structured manpower force throughout the manufacturing process.
Assists Plant Manager for the manufacturing of goods as ordered.
Check the quality of goods being produce if it confirms the factory standards.
Assists in the quality of the product thru specified Arabians Standards, its color, moisture, ph, hardness, shelf-life storage.
Implement proper hygiene's and sanitation for all factory staffs.
Determines microbial contaminations, both pathogenic and non-pathogenic bacteria that are harmful for consumers making sure we produce consumable goods to the safest way with our consumers.
Knowledgeable in the mechanical operations, its preventive maintenance measuring to optimized the production efficiency with tolerable wastage downtime.
Reevaluates the output from the sales department with the production minimizing the wastage of returns of goods.
Submit reports to the general manager assessing all the products produced.
Strictly implement the proper hygiene and sanitation for the manufacturing employees, proper protective gears, like head caps, mask, hand gloves ensuring that there is no contamination with the product produced and the ISO standards of operation.
Strictly monitors the water quality analysis used in the production both chemical and physical properties, micro bacteriological test.
Strictly implements proper cleaning & disinfection of the entire process area after hours of operation.
Counter checks laboratory analyses of the product produce ensuring its reliability of standards.
Generally, assist all operational standards of the factory, i.e. balance of goods, raw materials, finished products produced.
Implement strict compliance under good manufacturing procedures in the process of operations under HACCP’s.
Implement safety policy for strict compliance of all personnel in the manufacturing process.
Update and audit GMP’s operations and integrate in the existing procedures, augments its accuracy and precisions with a probability of least downtime cycle.
Supervised packaging lines from 250 gms to 25 kilos both pasta processing and bakery products.
Implement (LIMS) Laboratory Information Management System in compliance with legislation standards of Saudi Aramco, in preparation for ISO 17025-9000 accreditation
Administering a pilot scale study of Saudi Aramco industrial cooling system using TSE water in replacement of raw water. Developed risk assessment on virus, bacteria, parasite contaminant as applicable in the cooling process, one of its kind in the kingdom of Saudi Aramco facilities.

Quality Chemist/Asst. Process In-Charged
North Buraida Water Treatment Plant
Al-Qassim, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
(November 22, 2012 – November 22, 2014)
Do qualitative and quantitative chemical analysis as per ASTM Methods that conforms the factory standards as per the Ministry of Water and Electricity compliance.
Analyzed the pH, conductivity, TDS, total hardness of the raw water, in-process water, and final product water.
Quantitative chlorine test analysis on the automated watering system.
Designed a fully state of the art technology for removing radioactive contaminants such as radium 226/radium 228, integrate in the existing process designed.
Analyzed radioactive nuclide activities in all sections, integrate strict compliance of the personnel’s safety hazard procedures.
Determine the quantity of radioactive contamination present in all stations, raw water, in-feed water and distribution feed supply to the city.
Integrate a processed designed for the removal of dissolve radon gas in water with the latest state of the art technology thru a pressurize Activated Carbon Filtering Systems.
Determine the total microbial contamination of the water.
Maximize process output thru strict compliance of the process operations.
Coordinate to the respective department supervisors, heads, in order to minimize the downtime repairs in all sections thus increasing its productivity rate.
Liaised with the department manager regarding any abnormalities as showing in the laboratory results of analysis.
Prepares and execute contingency plans in the process operation.
CHEMIST & PLANT ERECTOR TEAM
AL QUAHTANI NAILS WIRE AND GALVANIZED FACTORY
Al Hejaz Mineral Water Company-Usfan Village Jeddah, KSA
July 25, 2005 – November 21, 2007
Commends a suggestive design of the old process into a semi-automated process for high reliability and precision for mineral water bottling process.
Analyzed all the raw materials, in process materials, final product based on gulf standards.
Execute proper preventive maintenance procedure in the process area.
Implement proper hygiene and sanitation through the entire process.
Implement ISO Standards in the entire process operations, maintaining its high-quality standards.
Determined micro bacterial contamination using ASTM methods of analysis.
Liaised with Laboratory Manager and to the Production Manager any abnormalities in the process area.
Submit weekly, monthly, report of all the varieties of products produced.
Implements strict compliance for proper hygiene and sanitation throughout the entire manufacturing process.
Implement strict compliance for all personnel’s for proper wearing of safety gears especially on areas emitting organic and toxic gases ie. Wire plating and galvanizing sections.
Implements strict compliance for wearing safety goggles especially on the high-risk areas in the production ie. Acid and base sections, wire sizing machines.
Supervised mineral water bottling lines, from .5 liters to 25 liters, the quality of molding machine products for 25 liters, the injection molding production line and the PET blow molding lines for 600 ml

QC & ISO Coordinator
ALI-REZA CHEMICAL INDUSTRIES
P.O. Box 18636, 21425
Jeddah, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
April 19, 2004 - April 19, 2005

Assist the quality of the raw materials to be used for the manufacturing process. -Determines its % purity, Color, Refractive Index, Viscosity if it conforms the factory standards prior for acceptance.
Check the quality of the in-process and the final product prior for release, thru ASTM methods of analysis.
Implement the ISO 9000:2001 standards in the manufacturing process.
Issued the exact amount of chemicals need to be used for the batching process.
Performs comparative analysis, assists and reevaluates quality adherence issues of the finished products.
Approved the batching process prior for packaging in conformance of the factory standards.
Performs water quality analysis, Total Hardness, p-Alkalinity, m-Alkalinity, phosphate, -Chemical Oxygen Demand, Biological Oxygen Demand.
Approve the quality of the Raw Materials to be use in the process operations.
Process exact order quantities for chemicals to be used in the production.
Update laboratory records and inputs data into the process journals for safekeeping and traceability.
Updates ISO standards manuals in accordance with its standards in the operations.
Implement strict compliance on proper wearing of safety gears for all production personnel to maintain its high percentage safety in the operation.
Supervised and inspect soap bottling lines from sanitizers, hand detergents bottles, industrial disinfectant chemical, toiletry cleaning solutions

QC & Production Plant Supervisor/Asst. to the Plant Manager
NATIONAL FOODSTUFFS MANUFACTURING COMPANY. LTD.
P.O. Box 1717, 21441 Jeddah
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
October 1, 2001 - October 30, 2003
Supervise structured man power force throughout the manufacturing process.
Assist Plant Manager for the manufacturing of goods as ordered.
Check the quality of goods being produce if it confirms the factory standards.
Assist quality of the product thru specified Arabians Standards, its color, moisture, ph, hardness, shelf-life storage.
Implement proper hygiene's and sanitation for all factory staffs.
Determines microbial contaminations, both pathogenic and non-pathogenic bacteria that are harmful for consumers making sure we produce consumable goods to the safest way with our consumers.
Liaised with the accounting department for all balances incurred thru out the manufacturing process.
Knowledgeable in the mechanical operations, its preventive maintenance measuring to optimized the production efficiency with tolerable wastage downtime.
Reevaluates the output from the sales department with the production minimizing the wastage of returns of goods.
Submit reports to the general manager assessing all the products produced.
Strictly implement the proper hygiene and sanitation for the manufacturing employees, implements proper protective gears, like head caps, mask, hand gloves ensuring that there is no contamination with the product produced and the ISO standards of operation.
Strictly monitors the water quality analysis used in the production both chemical and physical properties, micro bacteriological test.
Strictly implements proper cleaning & disinfection of the entire process area after hours of operation.
Counter checks laboratory analyses of the product produce ensuring its reliability of standards.
Generally, assist all operational standards of the factory, i.e. balance of goods, raw materials, finished products produced.
Implement strict compliance under good manufacturing procedures in the process of operations under HACCP’s.
Implement safety policy for strict compliance of all personnel in the manufacturing process.
Update and audit GMP’s operations and integrate in the existing procedures, augments its accuracy and precisions with a probability of least downtime cycle.
Supervised packaging lines from 250 gms to 25 kilos both pasta processing and bakery products.

Chemical Analyst (CHEMIST)
UNIVERSAL ROBINA SUGAR MILLING CORPORATION INC.
Manjuyod, Negros Oriental Philippines
November 2000 - August 2001

Chemical Analyst (CHEMIST)
CENTRAL AZUCARERA DE BAIS INC.
Bais Central, Bais City
Negros Oriental, Philippines
December 1994 - June 1997

Receives random sampling of raw sugarcane stalks for analysis.
Measure the Brix content of the juice and its percent polarization thru Refractometer and Sarcomata.
Analyzed both qualitative and quantitative analysis, Brix, pH, Clarity. % Ash. % CaO.
Analyzed for color,% Moisture, % Sucrose, % Invert sugar, % Dextrin's if than meets the factory standard final product is then send to warehouse.
Analyzed water effluents COD,BOD
Analyzed Physical & chemical properties of water, total hardness, pH, total conductivity, p-alkalinity, m-alkalinity, phosphates.
Informed the supervisors any abnormalities obtained during analysis.
Submit a comprehensive production report to the laboratory manager.
Performed both qualitative and quantitative analysis of extracted ethyl alcohol from molasses.

TRAININGS AND SEMINARS
EXCAVATION SAFETY TRAINING : HUMAN ASSESTS SAUDI ARABIA

HYDROGEN SULFIDE (H2S) SAFETY AND SCBA TRAINING: HUMAN ASSETS SAUDIA ARABIA

HAZCOM TRAINING PROGRAM (ARAMCO) : ARAMCO DHARAN KSA
BADGE NO: 8157766

PROCESS OWNER TRAINING WORKSHOP : ARAMCO DHARAN KSA
BADGE NO: 8157766

JOB HAZARD RISK ASSESSMENT WORKSHOP : ARAMCO DHARAN KSA
BADGE NO: 8157766

SAFETY BEHAVIORAL WORKSHOP SEMINAR : FTHS TRAINING CENTER
ABQAIQ COLLEGE

IOSH SAFETY TRAINING WORKSHOP : HOLIDAY INN, KHOBAR
OTHER WORK EXPERIENCES:

Hollandia Green House Ltd.
Pitt Meadows, BC Canada
Position: Agricultural Chemist (9 months) entry year 2007

Fountain Tire
Richmond BC Canada
Position: Tire Truck Deliveries (3 months) year end 2008

Tim Horton’s
Pitt Meadows, BC Canada
Position: Food Counter Attendant (Front Store) 2 years in contract 2009 – 2011

Convergys’s Makati Philippines
Call center agent (In bound & out bound calls)
Cater all types of credit cards issues in all American clients. (4 months) year end 2012
SKILLS
Contact this candidate