PERSONAL DETAILS
SURNAME : Ndaba (Johnson)
NAME : Michelle
CONTACT DEAILS
ADDRESS : *** ***************

Toekomsrus
Ranfontein
1760

CONTACT NUMBER : 081-***-****
MOBILE CONTACT :
EMAIL ADDRES : ad5lg0@r.postjobfree.com
DATE OF BIRTH : 18 April 1972
IDENTITY NUMBER : 720-***-**** 083
NATIONALITY : South African
HOME LANGUAGE : IsiZulu
OTHER LANGUAGES : English, Afrikaans, South Sotho, Northern Sotho
GENDER : Female
MARITAL STATUS : Single
DRIVERS LICENCE : Code 10
CRIMINAL RECORD : None
HEALTH STATUS : Excellent

EDUCATION QUALIFICATION
Institution : South Westrand Roodeport College
Course : N3/ NSC
Modules : Computer practice Information Processing
Office practice, Public Administration,
Business English, Sake Afrikaans.

Institution : Aristotelian College
Course : 1st Year Marketing (IMM) –
I have not completed due to financials constrains
Modules : Statistics, Principals of Marketing,
Macro and Micro Economics, Business Communications.
Institution : Kens & Mills Associates
Course : Dynamic Telephonic Collection
Module : Ms. Word packages,Email,System Knowledge,
BSCS, ICAP, Epix and profitably, share point
McGregor Systems (Cipro) Tapps Excel,
Morpheus, Dealer Webb,SAP (Vetting system)
Actuate reporting system, oracle, AMS Beam Cisco,
AMS, Beam,Syspro System.

EMPLOYMENT
Company : AMROD Corporate Waterfall District
Position : Sales Administrator
Period : October 2018 - May 2019
Reason for leaving :Contract

Company : UNISA Pretoria
Position : Directorate Student Assessment Administration
Period : August 2017
Reason for leaving : Contract Ended
Duties: Quality assurance on student results, assigning exams and assignments to relevant professors for making as per divisions of unit studies, capturing students marks accurately on the systems, assuring strict confidentiality of results and various security measures,filling, retrieval of student disputes rectification of incorrect information. (Quality assurance) Auditing.

EMPLOYMENT
Company : CELL C (Sandhurst, Gauteng)
Position : Started as Sales Administrator changed to Post sales coordinator
Period : May 2011 to November 2013
Reason for leaving : Voluntary retrenchment
Duties: Performance reporting, communicate to the trade and relevant channels regarding new procedures/ processes or any urgent communiqué as advised by the relevant managers. Distribution of pricelists and deal sheets to relative channels nationally. Communicate and co-ordinate training provided by channel support . handset manufacturers for team/trade .
Compile daily,month end,quarterly and year to date reports in line with prescribed deadlines. Track and distribute sales of the channels daily using Excel. Distribute as required.
Offer support function for KAM’s and provide required information for reports Sales Administration. Collect KAM’s weekly report from regions and compile a united weekly report to be distributed internally. Assisting compiling targets nationally per account manager and per store / retail client nationally. Update team weekly on volume performance, sales vs targets. Update KAM’s on all operational issues as per info provided by National Manager . Electronic filing of all information related to Channels . Facilitate P O S and contract books orders and deliveries thereof Sales support. Route all calls related to dealers to KAM’s and National Mangers as the point of contact for the Trade when they are out in Trade . Update leave schedules for the Channel as approved by National Managers. Update team on volume performance. Update national databases channels. Liaise with regional sales administrators for any national tasks. Assist in managing National Managers iDiary for internal meetings and client meetings. Liaise with pricing analyst to obtain new price lists for promotions etc. Compile and provide any other reports required by managers, as agreed from time to time, timorously. Track market share of handset manufactures and report on same Health and Safety Compliance. Conform and adhere to safety.
Health and environment legislative requirements. Report any health and safety concerns/incidents in the workplace to the manager/ health and safety representative. Assist Cell C to establish and maintain a fully compliant Health and Safe work environment. Attend safe, health and environment workshops as required by management. Perm ant related duties as requested by management.

Company : J D Group (Braamfontein)
Position : Corporate Credit Card Administrator / Secretary
Period : January to May 2011
Reason for leaving : Contract Ended
Duties: Daily report, Distribution of monthly statements and allocations, update daily attendance register (Axia) New credits cards applications,cancellations of credit cards, disputes on cards, increasing limits on the credits cards, secretarial duties for finance manager, send monthly reports to accounts for corporate credits cards, sending various updates to national chain stores secretaries

Company : MWEB Business (Greenside Gauteng)
Position : IMC Administrator
Period : July – December 2010
Reason for leaving : Temporary Employment

Company : Vodacom (Pty) Ltd
Position : Government & Public Sector – Sales Support Admin
Period : September 2008 – February 2010
Reason for leaving : Temporary Employment
Duties: Administration support to corporate clients, customer relations administration and maintenance for corporate VIP, type and generate quotations credit vetting activations & upgrades addressing customer complaints and queries processing and an administration of orders acting team leader.

Company : Altech Autopage Cellular (Midrand Gauteng
Position : Key Accounts Executive
Period : January – June 2008
Reason for leaving : Vodacom head hunted me
Duties: Pursuing new business sales customer relations consulting for existing database managing my diary with appointments.

Company : Vodacom (PTY) Ltd, Hillcrest Pretoria
Position : Corporate Sales Support Admin
Period : January 2005 – December 2007
Reason for leaving : Relocated to Johannesburg
Duties: identify clients needs and assist timeously and proactively. To resolve general services queries (migration, update details, cancellations etc. To give relevant feedback with queries that was received by clients activation of new lines on daily basis. Process upgrades when requested by clients assisting clients with information on all VSP products and services when requested. Keeping up with all technological advances and changes in specialized arrears. Customizing day to day activities in order to satisfy the different customer needs.
Draw actuate reports when requested by customer also assist consultants to draw actuate reports when activation are done. Tariff optimize to optimize accounts when requested to assist the customer to choose correct packages. Always have had delegation of authority when supervisor is away.
Achievements: 2005 – 2007
Award of continuous Excellence
Performance coaching and interviewing training certificate.

Company : Vodacom Direct (Midrand Gauteng)
Position : Telesales
Period : August 2004 – January 2005
Reason for leaving : Moved from temporary to permanent position
Duties: Pursuing new business sales customer relations consulting for existing database managing my diary with appointments.

Company : Auto & General (Milpark Gauteng)
Position : Sales consultant
Period : October 2003 – July 2004
Reason for leaving : Contract Ended

Company : The Other Side (Parklands Cape Town)
Position : Receptionist & Administrator
Period : October 2002 – September 2003
Reason for leaving : Relocated to Johannesburg

Company : Supercall Cellular (Hydepark Gauteng)
Position : Call Centre Consultant, office Support & Receptionist
Period : June 2001 – September 2002
Reason for leaving : Relocated to Cape Town

Company : Vodacom (Pty) Ltd
Position : Customer Care
Period : May 1996 – November 2000
Reason for leaving : Voluntary Retrenchment.

REFERENCES
NAME : Jane Thame (JD Group)
Position : Financial Manager ( Current Anglo Ashanti)
CONTACT NUMBER : 082-***-**** / 018-***-****

NAME : Cynthia Sopethe
Position : H R Manager (CELL C currently with SAA)
CONTACT NUMBER : 011-***-****
Contact this candidate