KAREN NORWOOD-HINES

Pfafftown, NC 336-***-**** ad5rfo@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/karen-norwood-hines-89927228

SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER / PRODUCT MARKETING MANAGER
Automotive, Consumer Product, Energy Industry Experience
Meticulous, purposeful PMP-certified professional with extensive experience in the automotive and truck industries. Proven record of success in project management, operations, manufacturing, process engineering, and quality assurance. Collaborative communicator with expertise in Lean-Agile and SAFE methodologies with a demonstrated ability to lead cross-functional teams and drive results in a challenging environment and achieve business goals.

PMP Certified Research & Design Marketing & Sales Operations Manufacturing
Process Engineering Greenbelt Certification Quality Assurance Team building
Customer Service Stakeholder Relations Lean-Agile & SAFE Methodologies

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Volvo Truck North America – Greensboro, NC 2006 to Present

PRODUCT MARKETING MANAGER-VNR (2021 to Present)
Plan and execute marketing activities as spokesperson and subject matter expert (SME) for the Volvo VNR regional haul tractor product. Define market position and commercialize go to market strategies and follow-up across Volvo customers and dealers throughout the U.S. and Canada. Communicate product features and benefits and participate in tradeshows, customer, dealer and industry events and PR-activities. Educate dealers, investigate customer needs, and monitor competitors.

SELECT ACCOMPLISHMENTS
■Increased customer satisfaction ratings by 15% through the implementation of a new customer service training program to address release of trucks to owners, duration of repairs at dealerships, and securing parts for repairs.
■Saved $7M by developing a go-to-market business case for switching suppliers of fifth wheels and generating supporting evidence resulting in quality and communication improvements amongst the sales community.
■Ensured perceived market leadership through obtaining a CDL class A license that enabled a deeper understanding of customer experiences and challenges by learning how to drive the vehicles.

AFTERMARKET SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER, 2017 to 2021
Spearheaded aftermarket deliverables projects associated with the electro-mobility program for Volvo and Mack brands. Managed a team of 10 to implement lean / agile methodologies and coordinated budgets of $1.3M and time plans for three functional groups under the aftermarket technology umbrella. Supported aftermarket and uptime functions and led strategic planning activities with cross functional stakeholders. Collaborated with vehicle engineering to meet or exceed objectives.

SELECT ACCOMPLISHMENTS
■Increased revenue by $2M through the successful product launch of battery electric vehicles (BEV).
■Created new BEV business processes to support downstream internal/external stakeholders in the North America market developing a certification process for BEV dealers within Volvo.
■Collaborated with partners in the Volvo Lights Program to demo class 8 BEV innovations, advance in warehouse equipment, implement charging infrastructures, and introduce strategies to reduce cost of ownership.

ON BOARD TELEMATICS PROJECT MANAGER, 2013 to 2017
Led a project team of five to initiate and coordinate changes in business processes and technologies by scoping, securing, and planning the implementation process with commercial colleagues and other business stakeholders. Managed the impact of project implementations on customer expectations and reported progress toward milestones at all stages of a project rollout. Ensured that projects valued between $250K and $950K were delivered on time, within budget, and deliverables were met.

SELECT ACCOMPLISHMENTS
■Upgraded the telematics gateway (TGW) hardware to next generation improvements across all truck models, collaborated with stakeholders using SAFE / Agile techniques to deliver new hardware / software.
■Increased vehicle tracking accuracy 25% by implementing a new telematic system that aligned with TGW and the new geotag telematics package for fleets and drivers, supported Power BI reports for accurate data measurement used to forecast and reduce operating costs, and improve fuel efficiency.

ELECTRICAL PROJECT MANAGER, 2008 to 2013
Conceptualized, planned, and executed electrical projects for the Volvo Group applying, technical knowledge and verification testing to deliver requirements. Maintained design validation plan (DVP) project milestones and communicated project status in steering committee forums. Managed the cost portfolio for electrical department. Communicated with cross-functional teams and stakeholders to integrate all project activities.

SELECT ACCOMPLISHMENTS
■Enhanced overall customer uptime by changing electrical components and implementing system upgrades that included software downloads and parameter changes with the next generational parts.
■Improved product quality 20% by implementing a new quality control process that increased the use of lean manufacturing techniques, addressed quality issues faster, and identified essential spare parts.

PURCHASING QUALITY LEADER, 2006 to 2008
Managed key quality and process improvement projects within the 3P Purchasing, Supplier Quality Development Department with particular emphasis on infrastructure and operations in North America. Served as a business resource and change agent for cross-functional teams. Published key performance indicator (KPI) reports and recommended actions to improve quality.

SELECT ACCOMPLISHMENTS
■Applied Six Sigma Green belt techniques to support Volvo suppliers.

ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE
■Ford Motor Company, Norfolk Assembly Plant, Norfolk, Virginia
■DaimlerChrysler Corporation, Huntsville, Alabama
■Kimberly-Clark Corporation, Beech Island, South Carolina
■Duke Power Company, Winston-Salem/Charlotte, North Carolina

EDUCATION

M.S. in Industrial Engineering North Carolina Agriculture and Technical State University
B.S. in Electrical Engineering North Carolina Agriculture and Technical State University
Licences & Certifications
Six Sigma Green Belt Certified PMP certified CDL (class A license) Precision Truck Certification
Training
Global Leadership Program I Emerging Leader Program Truck Marketing Institute
Contact this candidate