Construction Supervisor with over thirty-three years’ experience in Construction Management, Commissioning, Planning, Scheduling and Quality Assurance/Quality Control. Project experience includes a variety of industries including Commercial, Oil and Gas, Petrochemical, Charcoal, Food Processing facilities, Co-Generation, and Waste-Water Treatment facilities. Expertise includes new “grass roots” construction, dense revamp, expansions/developments, Demolition, and turnaround environments. Knowledgeable with design and installation in all aspects of construction projects with specialties in Piping, Mechanical, Civil, and Structural Steel. Energetic and self-motivated team player.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Footbridge Company, November 2023- Present
Construction Manager
Archer Daniels Midland Capitol/Demo Projects- Decatur, IL

Managing planning and oversight for Demo/New Construction work of all aspects and fields such as Civil, mechanical, structural, Crane and rigging and electrical from inception through commissioning. Managed simultaneous operations for multiple disciplines. The Demolition portion of this project was the result of a facilities upset and consisted of several units at numerous elevated areas, 4,000 ft of Sm. and lrg. bore systems transfer duct piping, Electrical, Instrumentation Overhead pipe and catwalk structures, CMU walls, Precast roof,Vessels, Tanks, pumps, motors Dust collectors, De-commissioned Extractors. The New Construction portion of this project consisted of Concrete foundations, Structural, Piping, Electrical, Instrumentation, system upgrades, as well as the installation of a new large Tanks and Vessels, pumps, blowers and Conveyors.
Assumed role of safety oversight on daily S.O.S. field walks and supervision
Communicated daily with base plant operations project group on upcoming work activities to ensure no construction conflicts during work interfaces.
Communicated daily with construction mgmt. and project controls to ensure safety, quality, accuracy, and progress per schedule.
Worked closely with project QA/QC team to confirm adequate inspection for Mechanical install, civil, Precast and foundations install, Mechanical equipment, piping, structural steel, and electrical.
Worked extensively with field engineering to resolve any construction conflicts RFI’s.
Performed final PSSR walk downs of completed systems and punch list items with Braskem management group.

NESFircroft, August 2022- May 2023
Construction Manager
Braskem America Capitol/Demo Projects- Sea Drift, TX

Managing planning and oversight for Demo/Capitol work of all aspects and fields such as mechanical, structural, Crane and rigging and electrical from inception through commissioning. Managed simultaneous operations for multiple disciplines. The Demolition portion of this project consisted of a De-commissioned HP-1 unit at numerous elevated areas, 7,000 ft of Sm. and lrg. bore systems transfer piping, Electrical, Instrumentation Overhead pipe and catwalk structures, Vessels, pumps, motors Dust collectors, a De-commissioned Lab Building, and a Facilities Additives elevator. The Capitol portion of this project consisted of Piping, Electrical, Instrumentation, system upgrades, as well as the installation of a new additives elevator.
Assumed role of safety oversight on daily S.O.S. field walks and supervision
Communicated daily with base plant operations project group on upcoming work activities to ensure no construction conflicts during work interfaces.
Communicated daily with construction mgmt. and project controls to ensure safety, quality, accuracy, and progress per schedule.
Worked closely with project QA/QC team to confirm adequate inspection for civil, structural steel, electrical and piping.
Worked extensively with field engineering to resolve any construction conflicts RFI’s.
Performed final PSSR walk downs of completed systems and punch list items with Braskem management group.

Classic Industrial Services, September 2021- August 2022
Construction Manager
Royal Oak Expansion Project- Salem, MO

Construction oversight of all aspects and fields such as civil, mechanical, structural, and electrical for the $40M expansion project from inception through commissioning. Managed simultaneous operations for multiple disciplines that had head counts varying from 20 to 70 total employees. Facilitated 3000 Cyds of concrete, 4 PEMB’s, 1,000 LFT of piping, over 100 mechanical components which varied from screws, dryer, briquetter, feeders, mixers, conveyors etc. Coordinated all site wide utilities that consisted of fire suppression, electrical, storm drainage/sewage, natural gas, and lighter fluid lines. Oversaw electrical installation of over 500 electrical components which consisted of switchboards, MCC’s, switchgears, transformers, alarms, disconnects, grounding, conduits, and transmitters.
Assumed role of safety oversight on daily S.O.S. field walks and supervision
Communicated daily with base plant operations project group on upcoming work activities to ensure no construction conflicts during work interfaces.
Communicated daily with construction mgmt. and project controls to ensure safety, quality, accuracy, and progress per schedule.
Worked closely with project QA/QC team to confirm adequate inspection for civil, structural steel, electrical and piping.
Worked extensively with field engineering to resolve any construction conflicts RFI’s.
Performed final PSSR walk downs of completed systems and punch list items with ROE management group.

NES Global, May 2019-June2020
Construction Coordinator Client-Owners Representative
ExxonMobil BCEP Project- Baytown, TX

ExxonMobil Representative overseeing and Coordinating Construction activities for the civil, structural, piping, and mechanical. My project duties consisted of the overseeing all the Enabling works and installation of 236 drilled piers on the chemical side and the BOP,I was slated to oversee the new Clarifier that was to be constructed at BOP as well as the coffer damn fire water intake structure and the raw water intake structure to be constructed on SJRA canal!This work was put in a safe park mode due to the Covid 19 pandemic! Overseen 40,000 large bore and small-bore piping before safe park of the project and installation of 400 tons of structural steel which consisted of the reinforcing of existing pipe racks and new pipe racks. This project was about 30 percent completion before it was decided to park it until first quarter of 2022.
Assumed role of safety oversight on daily S.O.S. field walks and supervision
Communicated daily with base plant operations project group on upcoming work activities (Permitting) to ensure no construction conflicts during work interfaces.
Communicated daily with construction mgmt. to ensure safety, quality, accuracy, and progress per schedule
Worked closely with project QA/QC team to confirm adequate inspection for civil, structural steel, electrical and piping.
Worked extensively with field engineering to resolve any construction conflicts RFI’s.
Performed final PSSR walk downs of completed systems and punch list items with XOM management group.

NES Global, October 2016-May 2019
Construction Coordinator Client-Owners Representative
LyondellBasell Hyperzone Project- Laporte, TX

LyondellBasell Representative overseeing and Coordinating Construction activities for the civil, structural, piping, mechanical, and electrical contractors. I began this project in the early work stages which consisted of overseeing the infrastructure setup (Temp Facilities) the demolition of 12, 40’ by 100’ concrete silos. The Re-Routing of large and small-bore piping for future SIT yard and Pellet loading station. This project consisted of the installation of 85 Helical piles, the erection of 100 tons of structural steel, approximately 7200 L.F of large and small-bore pipe, the demolition of existing pipe rack, and the final steam blows for the 660# steam line. Overseen the 5KV cable install which consist of new cable tray and existing rack tray approximately 3800 LF of cable from the existing Sub-Station to the new K-4500 Polymers centralized Control room. I was involved going off site to oversee the completion and setting once on site of the 6 HDPE aluminum silos. and am currently overseeing the silo structure, the railcar loading and washout structures which consist of 3100 Cyds of concrete. 2000 Tons of steel. And 16,000 LF of Large and small-bore piping.
Assumed role of safety oversight on daily S.O.S. field walks and supervision
Communicated daily with base plant operations project group on upcoming work activities (Permitting) to ensure no construction conflicts during work interfaces.
Communicated daily with construction mgmt. to ensure safety, quality, accuracy, and progress per schedule
Worked closely with project QA/QC team to confirm adequate inspection for civil, structural steel, electrical and piping.
Worked extensively with field engineering to resolve any construction conflicts RFI’s.
Performed final PSSR walk downs of completed systems and punch list items with LYB management group.

Becht Engineering, February 2015-October 2016
Construction Coordinator/FLS/Client-Owners Representative
ExxonMobil NAG-EW&I Project- Baytown, TX

ExxonMobil Representative overseeing and Coordinating Construction activities for the civil, structural, piping, and mechanical contractor. Project consisted of the installation and testing of approximately 76,800 LF of small and large bore piping, installing 1300 CY reinforced concrete, installation of 970 tons of structural steel which consisted of the reinforcing of existing pipe racks and new pipe racks. These systems interfaced with base plant and the new OR (Olefins Recovery) Unit. Lead and reviewed the procedures and execution of numerous Tie- Ins and 18 W.O.L.E./Hot Taps.
Assumed role of safety oversight on daily S.O.S. field walks and supervision
Communicated daily with base plant maintenance and C.U.I. (Corrosion Under Insulation) project group on upcoming work activities to ensure no construction conflicts during work interfaces.
Communicated daily with construction mgmt. to ensure safety, quality, accuracy, and progress per schedule
Worked closely with project QA/QC team to confirm adequate inspection for civil, structural steel, and piping.
Worked extensively with (EPC) field engineering to resolve construction RFI’s.
Performed final PSSR walk downs of completed systems and punch list items with XOM management group.

Becht Engineering, October 2013-February 2015
QA Manager/Construction Coordinator/Client-Owners Representative
ExxonMobil NSPS Ja Flare Gas Recovery Project- Baytown, TX

ExxonMobil Representative overseeing the Quality Assurance and Coordinating Construction activities for civil, structural, piping, and mechanical contractors installing 150 auger cast piles, 48 Footings/Piers, 800 tons of structural steel, 6700 LF of 30” pipe, and 1300 LF of smaller diameter piping for flare gas recovery compliance.
Assumed role of safety oversight on field walks and supervision
Worked closely with third party testing lab on density/compaction testing, per ACI/ASTM D2922
Communicated daily with construction mgmt. to ensure safety, quality, accuracy, and progress per schedule
Worked closely with Subcontracting QA/QC teams to confirm adequate inspection for civil, structural steel, and piping
Verified that all contractor documents are complete, accurate, and meet the specifications of the facility
Traveled to all vendor shops for inspection and QA Compliance

Applied Consultants Inc., July 2012-October 2013
Client-Owners Representative/Inspector/Coordinator for Civil, Structural, Mechanical, and Piping
BHP Billiton CDP Project- Tilden, TX

BHP Billiton Representative overseeing the contractor and subcontractor construction activities for civil, structural steel, mechanical, and piping scopes in the Project. Project consisted of site preparation, site grading, roadways, setting precast and cast in place reinforced concrete foundations, setting pipe rack structural steel, miscellaneous pipe support steel, 16k LF of pipe, and equipment setting of pre and final alignment.
Involved with the FEL stage of the project through start-up
(Key responsibilities overlap with ExxonMobil NSPS Ja Project and are included above)

Cajun Constructors, 2003-2012
Project Superintendent or QA/QC Manager for 14 Projects
Various Clients in Texas and Louisiana including ExxonMobil, US Dept. Energy Strategic Petroleum Reserve, BASF, Motiva, LCY Elastomers, CDI-GCA, INEOS, BP, Conoco Phillips, Praxair, Frontier Chemical Co, and Shell

Wide variety of experiences include:
Oversaw daily onsite operations from prep and temporary facilities, through large equipment and revamp
Coordinated extensive sub-contractor work in all disciplines including electrical
Wrote Quality Execution Plans (QEP) and Inspection Test Plans (ITP) for projects
Managed team of field QA/QC experts to ensure quality per plant specifications and codes
Supervised installation of 50k cubic yards of concrete, 20k linear feet of pipe, and 15k tons of fill
Specialized in inspection of reinforced steel, inspection for piping of all metallurgy, testing, and commissioning
Set countless equipment pieces including towers, tanks, furnaces, pumps, exchangers, and reactors
Worked extensively with select fill, limestone base, stabilized limestone, and asphalt
Expertise and familiarity with P&IDs, Isometrics, Plot Plans, and Three D Models

Additional Work History, 1987-2004
Piping/Mechanical Superintendent, Piping/Mechanical Supervisor, Field Planner – 7 years
Cust-O-Fab Specialties Company (Frontier Chemical Company, WY)
CDI Engineering (Equistar Chemical Company, TX)
Certified Technical Services (Bayer Chemical, TX)
General Petro-Chem (Lyondell, TX)
International Maintenance Corporation (BASF, TX)
Parsons Engineering and Construction (Carpenter, Exxon, and Arco)
Pipe General Foreman, Pipe Foreman, Pipefitter – 10 years

Key Achievements
Safety Record of Zero Recordable Incidents for ALL supervised man-hours throughout career
Involved with the development of company QA/QC and Safety procedures
Experienced with projects from early stages (FEL/Constructability) through construction and startup
Resourceful, creative, and innovative in planning and scheduling efforts
Dedicated leader and team player

Training and Proficiency
Computer- Windows, Microsoft Office/Outlook/Excel/PowerPoint/Word
Incident Investigation Root Cause Analysis
OSHA
o10-hour course on construction safety and health
oFront line Supervision 1 and 2
o10-hour course on inspection policy and procedures for steel erection standards for construction
AWS
oMember
o40-Hour course

Other Safety
oS.T.A.R.T. Program
oBasic first aid and CPR training
oPersonnel lift and fall protection training
oExcavation safety course – 10 Hour
oScaffold safety course – 10 Hour
oSafe Land Training
oLeadership in Safety Workshop – 2 Day
HR Best Practices
Trenching & Shoring

Education
Livingston High School, Livingston, TX

Volunteer Service
6 years as Athletic Director and Coach for BAFL Football
8 years as a Little League Umpire
4 years as a Little League Baseball Coach

References:

Kevin Nalley: 713-***-****

Ben Brady: 813-***-****

Kyle Bellon: 832-***-****
Contact this candidate