KG
KELLI GURIN
ad5wyy@r.postjobfree.com 216-***-**** Brecksville, OH 44141
Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint, Word
AssureNET
Oracle
JV Drill
Invoicing and Billing
Nonproﬁt Accounting
Bank Reconciliation
Journal Entries
Organizational Skills
Fast paced and detail oriented
Regulations and compliance
Goal Setting and Achievement
De-Escalation Techniques
Client Relations
Adaptive team player
Conﬂict Resolution
Quality Assurance Controls
Community Resources
Documentation And Reporting
Time Management
Handled up to $20,000 in cash a day for American Legion Cash Handling/counting between $15,000-20,000 a day at restaurant.
Los Compadres Ashtabula, OH
Server
10/2021 - 06/2023
Respected and complied with company policies and maintained clean/safe work environment.
Assisted with store inventory
Preceptor to new hires
Accurately memorized and delivered guests' orders. Assisted team members and all guests.
Square One Health, LLC Ashtabula, OH
Case Manager, Intake Specialist, RA
11/2021 - 11/2022
Utilized de-escalation and crisis management skills with clients on a day to day basis.
Overlooked the safety and the emotional security of the clients. Daily inventory and re-stocks.
Answered phone calls for potential clients as well as any inquiries they may have had about the treatment center.
Assessed, planned, and organized each clients weekly schedule. Case managed the daily lives of each client by teaching and guiding each individual to ﬁnd jobs, further their education, make appointments for their physical and mental health. as well as ﬁnding them transportation, housing, food, and clothing when applicable.
Motivated and helped mentor clients to transition their lives and monitor their short and long term goals.
Home Recovery Property Preservation LLC
Walton Hills, OH
Administrator
05/2015 - 09/2017
Handled employee payroll as well as invoices for clientele for whom I initiated the sales relationship and maintained a well standing rapport for all clients
Summary
Skills
Experience
Sherwin Williams Company- Global
Headquarters Cleveland, OH
Corporate Accounting Intern
01/2016 - 02/2017
Assisted in reconciling corporate bank accounts, main disbursement accounts of all USD A/P activities, Canadian and Jamaican corporate disbursements accounts, and compensation corporate bank accounts. Identiﬁed and corrected monthly book to perpetual variances. Invoice data entry.
Collaborated with Accounting team members on special projects as required.
Reduced ﬁnancial discrepancies by accurately managing accounting documentation.
Cleveland State University Cleveland, OH
Bachelor of Accounting Degree
05/2019
Education and Training
Contact this candidate