RONALD GREGORY SIMS
**** **** *** *** *****, OHIO
951-***-**** (CELL)
EMAIL: HYPERLINK "mailto:ad5yr7@r.postjobfree.com" ad5yr7@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Over 47 years of High Risk Security, Team Operations Leader, Military, Police Officer, Police Investigator, Counter Narcotics. Accomplished Project/Program Manager, Logistics, Procurement, and Aviation Quality Assurance with a successful track record. Directly focused on achieving goals and objectives safely, accurately, and on time as per contractual obligation. Known for building mutual trust and cross-cultural ties with cross-cultural diverse environment. Current active security level Top Secret SCI with full credential to work in a classified environment.

WORK EXPERIENCE
11/2021 to Present (Cincinnati Children’s Hospital Medical Center)
Patrol the internal building spaces and facility grounds to identify and deter threats to assets.

Secure premises and personnel by patrolling hospital property and monitoring surveillance equipment.

Respond quickly to emergency situations to assess and deflect issues.

Adhere to established policies and procedures to enforce hospital rules to general public and staff.

Monitor visitors as they enter and exit the hospital to identify any suspicious activity.

Wanding of Psych patients for any items that could cause physical harm to self or others.

Respond quickly to assist and control combative patients.

2/2013 to 9/2020 (USCENTCOM Seta Representative for CACI)
Acting Officer in Charge USCENTCOM Counter Narcotics (CN) Forward in Kabul, Afghanistan.

Liaison daily with DEA, National Interdiction Unit (NIU), Special Mission Aviation Wing (SMW).

Serves as the OIC Counter Narcotics Forward in Kabul Afghanistan. Manages the day-to-day operations to mitigate any minor to major disruptions.

Serves as the primary point of contact for ensuring all Counter Narcotics forward deployed personnel comply with appropriate US Embassy Kabul, Camp Resolute Support requirements.

Responsible and manage the PWS/SOW of the contracts.

Interfaced daily with Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), and Department of State International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Division (INL) regarding joint programs that involve United States Central Command. Served as a Liaison between the above mentioned inter-agency partners and assists with information sharing, decision making, and methods to move the Counter Narcotics mission forward. Also interfaced with the Special Mission Aviation Wing (SMW).

Coordinated efforts of subcontractors and field service personnel, resolves logistics problems, and compiles data on standardization and interchangeability of parts to expedite logistic activities.

Responsible for material management/control and movement, distribution and storage of materials to ensure programs receive all supplies and equipment on a timely manner to support personnel and locations on USCENTCOM supported programs in the Afghanistan AOR.

Responsible for preparing a weekly and monthly report for upper management, negotiate shipping and supplier costs and work to improve the efficiency of the supply chain.

Responsible for Metrics. Drifting and submitting Title 10 Section 284 projects for approval through the Ambassador.

Responsible for the Technical Investigative Unit (TIU) Wire Intercept Program and Counter Narcotics Training Team (CNTT) Program for Sensitive Investigative Unit (SIU) and National Interdiction Unit (NIU).

8/2010 to 2/2013 (Deputy Program Manager for CACI)
Oversaw and managed 60+ personnel supporting DoD contract totaling over $300 million dollars interfacing with DEA/CPB federal Law Enforcement agencies in Southwest Asia.

Managed Border Management Task Force (BMTF) In-country personnel, Administration, Intelligence, Operations, Logistics, Budgeting, and Planning/Policies.

Liaison daily with US Embassy, Customs Border Police (CBP), International Security Afghanistan Forces (ISAF), US MIL, and Afghan Government stakeholders.

Embedded with Afghan Customs and Afghan Border Police trained, advised, and assisted them in conducting operations at the border crossings and airports for Narcotics, Explosive Chemicals, Small Arms, and WMD.

Trained, advised and assisted Afghan Custom Police and Border Police on Corruption and Narcotics trafficking.

Responsible for the procurement and the Government Furnished Property (GFP) being maintained and accounted for.

Responsible for material management/control and movement, distribution and storage of materials to ensure programs receive all supplies and equipment on a timely manner to support personnel and locations on USCENTCOM supported programs in the Afghanistan AOR.

Ensured program requirements/activities are executed and compliant within established scope, schedule, and budget.

Scheduled and coordinated meetings with program stakeholders (OCONUS): USCENTCCOM, GIRoA ministries and departments, foreign government organizations, and key U.S. Government civilian and military personnel and contractors that address border management issues: intelligence, training, and operations.

6/2009 to 9/2010 (Quality Assurance/Quality Control Manager for Blackwater)
Supervised and directed a staff of 10+ personnel executing DOD contracts in Afghanistan totaling over $359 million dollars.
Managed, planed, organized, directed, and evaluated the operational and fiscal activities of the Quality Assurance department for all CNTPO programs in Afghanistan under USTC for multiple DOD contracts.

Maintain a QA Plan and checklist.

Responsible and oversee the PWS/SOW of the contract.

Ensured all CNTPO and matrix support personnel conform to FAR and acquisition system guidelines and work standards.

Liaison daily with USG, and Afghan Border Police.

Developed procedures to improve the operating quality audit system and efficiency of the CNTPO for Afghan Border Police, and MOI Programs.

6/2006 to 6/2009 (PROGRAM MANAGER for (Blackwater)
Supervised and directed a staff of 150+ personnel executing DOD contract in Afghanistan totaling over $400m, annually.

Managed all activities with program stakeholders (OCONUS): GIRoA ministries and departments, foreign government organizations, and key U.S. Government civilian and military personnel and contractors that address Afghan Border management issues: intelligence, training, and operations.

Embedded and trained, advised, and assisted Afghan Border Police students on Tactics, Ethics, Corruption, Narcotics trafficking and Defensive and Handcuffing Tactics.

Liaison daily with USG, and Afghan Border Police.

Coordinated efforts of subcontractors and field service personnel, resolved logistics problems, and compiled data on standardization and interchangeability of parts to expedite logistic activities.

Responsible for material management/control and movement, distribution and storage of materials to ensure programs receive all supplies and equipment on a timely manner to support personnel and locations on USCENTCOM supported programs in the Afghanistan AOR.

9/2001 to 6/2006 (TEAM LEAD (State Department/United Nations/OGA)
High Threat Security Operations in Kosovo, Afghanistan, Pakistan and Iraq.

As Protection Detail Supervisor, supervised sixty personnel of a High Risk Security Team specializing in the protection of Ambassadors, Dignities, Judges, and Prosecutors in all aspects of security operations performing vehicle and building security assessments in the high threat environments.

Embedded with OGA in various locations throughout Afghanistan and Pakistan.

As the Protection Detail Leader led daily high threat operations in the high threat environments.

Responsible for managing, scheduling, staffing, supply ordering and inventory as the team leader.

Deep operations experience, assuming responsibility for all operations of the High Risk Security detail.

4/1998 to 9/2001 (DEPUTY Sheriff for St Tammany Parrish Sheriff’s Office)
Patrolled the Parrish 12 hours a day and coordinated with four other units to reduce the crime level.

Investigated over 100 crimes, leading to arrest of crucial suspects involved in various criminal activities.

Mediated domestic-related disturbances and protect victims from harm.

Served as a Field Training Officer.

Member of the Underwater Search and Recovery Team as a Diver.

11/1996 to 4/1998 (SENIOR COUNSELOR for Juvenile Probation)
Senior Counselor responsible for counseling juveniles with behavioral and educational problems, and managing staff.

Trained others in treating challenge program juveniles in individual and groups.

Conducted individual counseling to prevent and identify potential problems.

Monitored youths on a daily basis.

Ensured the proper care, safety and security of residents. Maintained security on a daily basis to ensure a safe environment.

Liaison with families, law enforcement officials, and the court system.

10/1991 to 10/1996 (Junior enlisted to SNCO US Marine Corps)
Managed, and scheduled maintenance for a Marine Helicopter squadron of 13 Helicopters and a 120 personnel as the maintenance control chief.

Quality Assurance Representative for the squadron to conduct quarterly audits, revised policies, procedures, and technical directives by NavAirSysCom.

Served as the Coordinator for the Toys for Tots Program.

5/1983 to 4/1992 (Police Officer for Forest Park)
Watch Commander of the second shift responsible for 200,000 citizens during the day, and 20,000 citizens during the night.

Investigated over 100 crimes, leading to arrest of crucial suspects involved in various criminal activities.

Served on a County Wide Narcotics Task Force for all Hamilton County.

Patrolled the city 8 hours a day and coordinated with three other units to reduce the crime level.

Mediated domestic-related disturbances and protect victims from harm.

Member of the Underwater Search and Recovery Team as a Diver.

7/1972 to 5/1981 (Junior enlisted to SNCO US Marine Corps)
Served as the NCOIC of the Hydraulic Work Center managing, scheduling, and staffing a Marine Helicopter Work Center for AH-1J and UH-1N helicopters.

Served as a qualified Plane Captain and Crew Chief on AH-1J and UH-1N helicopters.

Quality Assurance Representative for the squadron to conduct quarterly audits, revised policies, procedures, and technical directives by NavAirSysCom.

Obtained, maintained and expertly performed the functions of a collateral duty to prescribe standards and supervised maintenance.

Served as the Officer in Charge of the Anti-Terrorism Team.

Served as Career Planner/Advisor for the Marines in the Squadron.

EDUCATION

BA (Sociology) with Major in both Criminology and Psychology, Union Institute and University, Cincinnati, OH (1986).

Two Years Criminal Justice, University of Cincinnati, Cincinnati, OH (1984)
Contact this candidate