CHARLES D. TREADWAY
Profile
OVER ** YEARS OF WORK EXPERIENCE WITH PROGRESSIVE RESPONSIBILITIES
IN OVERHEAD AND UNDERGROUND ELECTRIC UTILITY DESIGN AND ENGINEERING. QUALIFICATIONS INCLUDE EXTENSIVE HANDS-ON PLANNING, FIELD INVESTIGATION, CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT, TRAINING, QUALITY ASSURANCE, QUALITY CONTROL, PERMITTING, COST ESTIMATING, PROJECT MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL MANAGEMENT. BACKGROUND INCLUDES EXTENSIVE SERVICE TO PUBLIC AND PRIVATE-SECTOR CLIENTELE. Experience
Operations Manager II, Pike Engineering LLC. 2019-2024. Supported the organization’s vision and strategic plans in both the Western and Midwest regions. Demonstrated initiative and personal accountability to meet work demands according to the highest of standards and business ethics. Consistently adhered to and promoted key values and principles in all transactions. Promoted the core values, mission nstatement and vision for the organization. Communicated with all employees under their area of responsibility to assure all were productive, making reasonable progress in their development and helped to address/solve employee concerns. Managed the development of QA/QC processes and standards. Managed the development of training programs to ensure that all related tasks were completed to the best industry standards. Drove operational excellence across the organization that resulted in improved business operations, increase technical competence and superior client satisfaction. Operations Supervisor, TRC Solutions Inc. 2015-2018. Supervised the preparation of distribution engineering plans of assigned utility Designers and Engineers. Supervised the preparation of information and costing data required to bill consumers for construction work based on the published tariffs for PG&E New Business Agricultural projects. Supervised the preparation of utility relocation designs of PG&E facilities for construction work based on construction plans for the California High Speed Rail Project. Supervised the preparation of pole replacement of PG&E facilities for construction work based on Osmose CPMP Project. Supervised the preparation of PG&E facilities designs for infrastructure expansion and modification to support the EV charging station project. Provided leadership within the department to ensure required human resource staffing, training, coaching, development, work assignments, performance management, goals, objectives and compliance with company policies and procedures Operations Supervisor, Norther Virginia Electric Cooperative 2008-2015. Supervised the preparation of distribution engineering plans of assigned utility designers. Supervised the preparation of information and costing data required to bill consumers for construction work based on the published terms and conditions. Supervised the functions to maintain the systems maps in the ArcFM Utility Design Software package. Provided leadership within the department to ensure required human resource staffing, training, coaching, development, work assignments, performance management, goals, objectives and compliance with company policies and procedures. Successfully managed the distribution engineering on many of the largest projects undertaken by the Cooperative. Conducted training classes for the department utility designer apprenticeship program. Developed and conducted monthly departmental training classes covering process, procedures, and best practices of utility design.
703-***-**** ad60ny@r.postjobfree.com 4050 Silverstone Ln., Batavia, OH 45103 Distribution Design Engineer, Synergetic Design. 2004-2008. Design overhead and underground electric distribution systems as related to Department of Transportation and County Road projects and/or assigned work requests. Perform duties as project manager to coordinate all activities associated with overhead and underground distribution and construction for major projects. Conduct field surveys to determine design requirements and to produce all associated correspondence required by utility specifications and policies, DOT or County. Produce all associated drawings and design specifications per utility accommodation specifications. Input all material requirements into computerized work management system. Coordinate all job requirements with area schedulers, managers and planners to insure timely response to relocation schedules and /or customer scheduled construction. Developed numerous design cheat sheets used by many of the department designers. Distribution Design Engineer, MasTec North America, 2003-2004. Design overhead and underground electric distribution systems. Conduct field surveys of assigned job sites to determine design requirements. Produce job packets to include all documents required to complete construction. Produce all associated drawings and design specification per approved construction standards. Input all material requirements into computerized work management system. Coordinate all job requirements with area managers and planners.
Director of Purchasing-Stores and Transportation, Bristol Virginia Utilities Board, 2002-2003.
Chief procurement officer for Bristol Virginia Utilities Managed warehouse and stores functions for electric, water, wastewater and telecommunications departments. Fleet manager responsible for evaluation, procurement and disposal of all fleet equipment. Directed and mentored 5 employees.
Engineering Technician, Bristol Virginia Utilities Board, 1994-2002. Designed overhead and underground electric distribution systems. Conducted job site surveys of residential and commercial developments to determine the utility requirements. Directed the implementation of the AutoCAD based G.I.S. Utilized Topcon Survey and CAD equipment in daily work order development.
Production Supervisor, Inland Container,1993-1994. Supervised production of corrugated box material. Trained in all five areas of production and utilized as relief supervisor. Implemented Total Quality Management program in a unionized plant. Developed continuous improvement teams with emphasis on employee involvement in production improvements and waste management. Conducted best printing practices classes for machine operators.
Aviation Officer and Helicopter Pilot, United States Army,1985-1993. Education
East Tennessee State University, B.S., Engineering Design Graphics, 1985. Skills
Overhead Distribution Design
Underground Distribution Design
Construction Management
Geographical Information Systems
Construction and Design Standards
QA & QC Review
AutoCAD
Work Management Software
Material Specialist and Procurement
Training Development
Military
U.S. Army Veteran - Captain - Aviation Rotary Wing Pilot. Certifications
T.V.P.P.A Certified Power Technician
Contact this candidate