CH
CHARLES HESS
ad65xs@r.postjobfree.com 804-***-**** Chester, VA 23831 WWW: Bold Proﬁle
Strategic-thinking Project Manager with over 18 years of experience in budgeting and forecasting and risk management. Observant and resourceful professional dedicated to delivering project objectives within stipulated time, resource and budget constraints. Outstanding collaborator comfortable working with others in executing projects to achieve company objectives.
Inventory Control
Logistics Management
Financial Administration
Workforce Training
Coastal Contracting Glen Allen, VA
Project Manager
11/2020 - 08/2023
Created work crew schedules and delegated assignments. Implemented quality assurance and safety standards and maintained compliance with construction contract documents and contractor safety program.
Organized subcontractors to ensure timely completion of projects. Managed multiple teams working on diﬀerent aspects of a single project. Inspected sites before and after construction projects. Ensured compliance with local building codes and safety regulations. Cleaned or prepared construction sites to eliminate hazards. Enhanced customer satisfaction ratings by resolving issues eﬀectively and eﬃciently.
Planned, organized and managed crews and subcontractors through expert communication and handling of work orders and purchase orders. Dominion Drywall Chester, VA
Owner
04/2005 - 11/2020
Responsible for all aspects of running drywall business. Hired subcontractors to complete labor.
Estimated costs of all projects from take oﬀ to turn key completion of work. Managed payroll for all subcontractors.
Worked one on one with customers to meet their expectations and timeline.
Purchased all supplies at best prices for optimal proﬁt while still delivering quality product to the customer.
Wrote up all estimates and executed contracts with customer. Christian International Pensacola, FL
Master of Arts in Theology
09/2000
Summary
Skills
Experience
Education and Training
Saint Leo College Saint Leo, FL
Bachelor of Arts in Human Resources Management
06/1984
Owner of Dominion Drywall took sales from 80k year one to 250+k by year three. Featured in Richmond's Best magazine for small upcoming business in the ﬁeld of drywall 2 consecutive years. Worked with Extreme Home Makeover on home reno project for serviceman. Proud Army Veteran. Designed logo for Army Logistics Command. Pastor of children's ministry for over 25 years.
Accomplishments
Contact this candidate