Summary of Qualifications
Overall, forty-six years of experience in the petrochemical, nuclear power, aerospace, and construction industries specializing in environmental, health and safety administration, contract administration, and quality assurance / quality control. Proven success in the implementation of EHS and QA / QC enhancement programs.
Ten years of experience in the insurance loss control / risk management industry working with various construction accounts and projects – ranging from the large multimillion dollar projects and large-scale developers to general and specific subcontractors, varying in size and depth of operations / scope of work in energy, general construction and petrochemical.
Strong practical and theoretical foundation in improving and adapting safety methodology to production goals. Proven success in team building and continuous improvement program development. Prolific training program development and presentation skills.
Practical knowledge and experience with federal and state environmental, safety, and DOT regulations and requirements.
Interested and formulating and engaging Human and Organizational Performance (HOP) Safety Programs.
Quantum thinker in search of solutions regarding HSE Compliance, focusing on doing so that achievers can achieve.

Professional Experience

May 2024 – Present Construction Safety Loss Control Consultant
Icon Consultants, Houston, TX – On contract to Gallagher Bassett, Project Specific

On a part time project specific basis, conduct risk assessment surveys and interviews for general liability / construction risk / worker compensation, liability, vehicle, property, and environmental exposures. Generate and track Loss Control Recommendations. Assess potential client operations / procedures and develop opinion of risk. Conduct on-site loss reviews post incident, formulate recommendations for prevention of recurrences. Research and respond to requests for information regarding loss control and related topics. Coordinate and present training and information sessions on loss control topics. Conduct accident trend analysis by compiling and analyzing loss data to assist clients in identifying areas that need additional loss control emphasis.

February 2024 – Present Principal Consultant/Client Field Operations Manager
Safety Dynamics Group, Long Beach, CA

Responsible for overseeing the delivery of high-quality solutions to our clients. This involves defining and overseeing each project scope, objectives, and methodology, as well as planning and managing the budget, timeline, and resources – our field representatives. Managing the coordination and communications with our project teams, the client, and stakeholders to ensure that project milestones, requirements, and expectations are met satisfactorily. Corporate Technical Writer - Program review and development.

March 2022 – January 2024 Vice President Compliance
Beacon Energy Services, Inc., Signal Hill, CA

Coordinated, directed, counseled, and mentored the Corporate Health, Safety, and Environmental (HSE) program compliance in accordance with industry and Federal / State OSHA requirements. Development of programs, policies, and working documents meeting accident prevention, DOT/PHMSA, and client expectations. Compliance monitoring with safety standards, mitigation measures, and permit requirements, accomplished through the verification of field audits / site inspections. Facilitated the development of training programs for regulatory requirements and operator qualifications. Managed HSE interface with client and public agencies for training-related issues regarding petroleum storage tank construction and repair, client pipeline activities as well as the Company’s computer-based training program and maintenance of the Corporate HSE Manual. Provide HSE consultation services for Beacon ESI clients, including Site Health and Safety Officer (SHSO) duties during spill response activities and development of training programs. Performed project risk assessments for the generation of Safe Work Execution Plans and assisted in the generation and review of Job Safety Analyses. Facilitated incident investigation, review, tracking, reporting, and dissemination of information for corrective action.

March 2018 to March 2022 Risk Control Specialist
Astrus Insurance Solutions, Pasadena, CA

Conducted risk assessment surveys and interviews for general liability / construction risk / worker compensation, liability, vehicle, property, and environmental exposures. Generate and track Loss Control Recommendations. Assess potential client operations / procedures and develop opinion of risk. Conduct on-site loss reviews post incident, formulate recommendations for prevention of recurrences. Research and respond to requests for information regarding loss control and related topics. Coordinate and present training and information sessions on loss control topics. Conduct accident trend analysis by compiling and analyzing loss data to assist clients in identifying areas that need additional loss control emphasis. Developed Covid 19 Field Interaction – PPE / Decontamination and Return to Work protocols.

March 2013 – March 2018 Director, Resource Risk Management and Loss Prevention
Beacon Energy Services, Inc., Signal Hill, CA

Coordinated, directed, counseled, and mentored the Corporate Health, Safety, and Environmental (HSE) program compliance in accordance with industry and Federal / State OSHA requirements. Development of programs, policies, and working documents meeting accident prevention, DOT/PHMSA, and client expectations. Compliance monitoring with safety standards, mitigation measures, and permit requirements, accomplished through the verification of field audits / site inspections. Facilitated the development of training programs for regulatory requirements and operator qualifications. Managed HSE interface with client and public agencies for training-related issues regarding petroleum storage tank construction and repair, client pipeline activities as well as the Company’s computer-based training program and maintenance of the Corporate HSE Manual. Provide HSE consultation services for Beacon ESI clients, including Site Health and Safety Officer (SHSO) duties during spill response activities and development of training programs. Performed project risk assessments for the generation of Safe Work Execution Plans and assisted in the generation and review of Job Safety Analyses. Facilitated incident investigation, review, tracking, reporting, and dissemination of information for corrective action.

October 2005 – March 2013 Senior Construction Loss Control Consultant
Regional Reporting, Inc., New York, NY - On contract to Global Loss Prevention, Construction Risk Management, a division of Chartis (AIG) Insurance

Conduct risk assessment surveys and interviews for general liability / construction risk / worker compensation, liability, vehicle, property, and environmental exposures. Generate and track Loss Control Recommendations. Assess potential client operations / procedures and develop opinion of risk. Conduct on-site loss reviews post incident, formulate recommendations for prevention of recurrences. Research and respond to requests for information regarding loss control and related topics. Coordinate and present training and information sessions on loss control topics. Conduct accident trend analysis by compiling and analyzing loss data to assist clients in identifying areas that need additional loss control emphasis.

December 1999 to October 2005 Senior Safety & Security Specialist
Pacific Energy Group LLC, Long Beach, CA - From 1999 to 2002 contracted to Pacific Energy as the Sr. Safety / Security Specialist through UNIT Construction / Irwin Industries. In 2002, Foss Environmental assumed the contract and in 2003, hired directly.

Provided direction, counseling, and mentoring for PEG DOT compliance, occupational health and safety, and accident prevention programs, and ensured compliance with same. Monitored compliance with safety standards, mitigation measures, and permit requirements, accomplished through conducting field audits and site inspections. Facilitated, coordinated, and developed training programs for PEG and interfaced with public agencies for training-related issues regarding pipeline activities as well as the Company’s computer-based training program. Responsible for the maintenance of the Corporate E&S Manual, generating updates, as necessary. Assisted in the development and maintenance of the Oil Spill Contingency Plan (OSCP), Process Safety Management (PSM), Emergency Response Zone Plan, business plan, and Spill Prevention Control and Countermeasures (SPCC) programs / manuals. Conducted incident investigation, review, tracking, reporting, and dissemination of information for corrective action. Facilitated fire protection program and drills. Facilitated Pipeline and Facility Security Programs. Was responsible for the Site Health and Safety Officer (SHSO) duties/spill management during chemical releases and / or other emergencies. Trained and identified as a Qualified Individual (Incident Commander) in accordance with The Oil Pollution Act of 1990 and OSHA 1910.120.

October 1993 – March 2002 Environmental, Health & Safety Operations Supervisor
UNIT Construction / Irwin Industries, Long Beach, CA

Outsource specialist – assigned to Pacific Energy Group, serving as the corporate E&S Advisor. Duties include the monitoring and maintenance of Environmental and Safety compliance, training, and DOT programs. Provided EHS support to ARCO Pipeline and Rohm & Haas. Served on the Irwin Industries Corporate Safety Action Council while initiating a proprietary behavioral based safety program. Served as the Deputy Director of Environmental, Health and Safety for Irwin Industries. Provided outsourced corporate safety training.

1992 – 1993 Construction Representative
CRSS Resources, Irvine, CA / March AFB, CA – On contract to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers

Monitored activities during BRAC projects for Hangar retrofit and installation of new underground fueling system. Duties included contractual, production, financial and safety oversight / management.

1991 – 1992 Quality Assurance Engineer
ENERTECH, Brea, CA

Provided contractual review and generated inspection / test packages. Provided oversight of inspection and test activities for nuclear facility support equipment at various nuclear stations throughout the country.

1978 – 1991 QA/ QC Senior Inspector / Procurement Inspector
A continuous series of positions with increasing responsibility and complexity in QA / QC and field operations as part of the nuclear power and aerospace industries. Construction, maintenance, and start up activities for the nuclear stations at San Onofre, Hanford Nuclear Reservation, Diablo Canyon, and Rancho Seco. An integral team member for Lockheed Space Operations at the West Coast Launch Facility / Space Shuttle Program and a consultant for United Technologies on the Titan Missile Solid Rocket Motor Program.

Certifications / Qualifications / Credentials Held

Master Evaluator, Operator Qualifications – Energy Worldnet
Refinery Safety Overview – Occupational Safety Councils of America
Competent Person Fall Protection – GLP Training
Qualified Individual / Incident Commander / Dowcar Environmental
OSHA Construction Outreach Instructor – Construction, General Industry
OQ Craft Skills Master and Construction Site Safety Master (CSSM) / NCCER
HAZWOPER / Industry Technician, Site Worker, Supervisor, First Responder Operational
Emergency Medical Technician B
Rescue Systems I Technician / SDFCA
Refinery Safety Overview Instructor / ASAP / LARSO
First Aid – CPR Instructor / EMP America
MSHA Part 46 and 48 New Miner
Tank Entry Supervisor (TES) / American Petroleum Institute (API) Registration: 57026
Certified Safety Management Practitioner (CSMP) / Institute for Safety and Health Management (ISHM) Registration: 13580
Certified Environmental and Safety Compliance Officer (CESCO / National Registry of Environmental Professionals (NREP) Registration: CESCO 683764
Competent Person Excavation / Trenching and Shoring - Trench Safety Equipment Corporation

Education

National Center for Construction Education and Research, Gainesville, FL
Master Trainer - Operator Qualifications

Rancho Santiago College, Garden Grove, CA
Emergency Medical Technician B

University of California at Riverside, Riverside, CA
Workplace Health and Safety Management Certificate

Additional certification / education and reference information available upon request.
Contact this candidate