EXPERIENCE

ACCOUNT MANAGER
Healthcare Services Group, Bensalem, PA / Jan 2021 – Present
Manage, train, and hire employees in the environmental services. Help guide associates through hands-on and computer-based monthly ongoing training. Assist new hires with their electronic on-boarding. Emphasizing the Purpose, Vision, and Values of HCSG through our associates. Manage the daily business operations. Create monthly financial reports and expenditures. Manage budgetary inventory. Build client relations. Help create a safe, clean and comfortable atmosphere for residents at the facility.

QUALITY ASSURANCE LEAD/TRAINER
Matrix Quality Services, Wixom, MI / Jun 2012 – Jan 2021
Manage and train all new employees on the policies and procedures of what the goals that is expected of them from the client. Adapting to ever changing projects and handling multiple projects at a time. Creating, revising, and organizing reports. Email and faxing information and documents. Work as a liaison between client and corporate office. Working a minimum of 40 hours a week.

BANQUET SUPERVISOR, HEAD SERVER, AND BARTENDER
Holly Management, Inc, Holly, MI / May 2001 - Jun 2012
To go beyond the clients desired satisfaction. Resolve grievances - internal and external. Supervise Front House staff (up to 15 employees). Coordinate the logistics of Special Events. Manage off-site location. Act as liaison between the client and Executive Chef and management team. Oversee any special instructions that need to be fulfill from client.

PARA-PROFESSIONAL SXI AND /SUBSTITUTE TEACHER
Oakland County School District, Holly, MI / Sep 2007 - Jun 2009
Help and assist the assigned child(ren) with severe multiple impairment. Aid in daily life skill sets - brushing teeth and hair (personal hygiene). Teaching simple American Sign Language (ALS). Assist with Occupational, Physical, and Speech Therapists for each individual child and chart their progress bi-weekly. Follow the curriculum set forth by the teacher. Assist children with necessary understanding and comprehension of the material set by teacher.

PARAPROFESSIONAL CI, EI, & LD CLASSROOM
Oakland County School District, Holly, MI / Sep 2004 - Jun 2007
Assist in resource room. Travel with student(s) to mainstream classroom. Help students in classroom setting to learn the concepts being taught. Set goals for each student. Report any misbehavior to lead teacher. Follow through with any disciplinary actions and reward any exemplary behavior.

INTERNAL CORPORATE AUDITOR
Guardian Alarm Corporate Office, Southfield, MI / Aug 1993 - Jun 1997
Performed quarterly audits at all branches and divisions. Create spread-sheet preparation analysis. Maintained policies and procedures. Developed and calculate bonus plans for Department Managers’ monthly bonuses and Sales Staffs’ draw bank balances.

ACCOUNT MANAGER
Lakeside Produce, Detroit, MI / Jul 1989 - Aug 1992
Handle individual accounts of applied credit and charges. Balance each account and mail out any outstanding billing invoices. Call to collect for any overdue accounts. Price out individual orders on all daily deliveries. Locate any special items from other vendors in the area. Organize the different locations on each truck route.

ad69ae@r.postjobfree.com

810-***-****

1010 Parkview Street, Fenton,
MI, 48430
EDUCATION

UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN -FLINT
Flint, MI
Bachelor of Business Administration (May 2011)

MOTT COMMUNITY COLLEGE
Flint, MI
Associate of Science (May 2009)

MOTT COMMUNITY COLLEGE
Flint, MI
Associate of Accounting (May 1989)
ADDITIONAL SKILLS

MS Word, MS PowerPoint, MS Excel, MS Access, Lotus, SPSS
Strong Organization & Communication skills (verbal and written)
Leadership skills and top managerial decisions

Positive demeanor and Progressive outlook
Delegating responsibility
Prioritizing work flow
Creating and maintaining policies and procedures
Defusing difficult complaints
Handling inventory
Daily deposits and reconciliation
Contact this candidate