Lynette Armstrong
Present Revenue Account Specialist
Atlanta, GA 30349 ad6dck@r.postjobfree.com
404-***-****
Account Manager with 20 years of experience I have consistently exceeded quality assurance guidelines set by the company. I work as a team player and as an individual contributor to meet monthly goals. I have strong communication skills, am well organized, able to skillfully manage multiple tasks daily, adapt well to change and work with minimal supervision. I am detail oriented, make sound judgments, and decisions when processing customer payments and credits and handling customer issues. 18 years of experience in healthcare billing, audit, collection, and accounts receivable experience in a healthcare environment. As well as healthcare supervisory experience, reimbursement, claim knowledge and understanding of coordination of benefit rules. COB billing, appeal processes, and contractual adjustments.
Work Experience
Present Revenue Account Specialist HMS Holdings - Atlanta, GA 2013 to Present Workers Compensation Field Billing Manager, The Outsource Group/Parallon BCBS, Amerigroup and Medicare 2008 to 2013 contracts.
• Adjudication of appeals for various coverage issues and medical necessity denials for high dollar claims. • Created, reviewed, and analyzed reports which allowed identification of coding errors and payer trends. • Daily transmission of electronic claims and follow-up of rejected claims including correction of ICD9, HCPCS, modifier, or other claim reject issues. • Billed and collected for insurance/Medicaid claims submitted on behalf of two Maxim branch offices with sales totaling $750-
$800K per month • Managed an aging accounts portfolio to satisfy delinquent accounts • Ensured strict compliance and adherence to State and Federal laws and regulations regarding medical reporting • Collected over $1 million in aging accounts in less than one year • Conferred with management to reduce operating costs and maximize profit • Helped to develop a new Medicaid billing system to increase efficiency and accuracy. Appeals and Grievances responsible for understanding of Devoted Health products and benefits as well as regulatory requirements and timeframes 2008-2013 Workers Compensation Field Billing Manager, The Outsource Group/Parallon Supervise staff of six responsible for weekly billing activities to ensure maximum efficiency, provided guidance and direction to staff covering all aspects of billing ensuring adherence to policies and procedures • Ensured services/supplies were billed timely and appropriately and rejections/errors researched and resolved to meet timely filing deadlines • Kept management informed of the status of accounts, errors, rejections, etc. on a weekly and ad hoc basis • Prepared ad hoc analysis to determine billing performance and to direct the team focus to maintain expected claims volume and cash flow • Facilitated data integrity project to identify system and process gaps and implemented updates/ changes to ensure claims data integrity from receipt to transmission • Effectively supervised a total staff of 6 in monitoring unpaid bills submitted to insurance carriers for 3 Units: Outpatient, Inpatient and Ambulatory Accounts. • Carefully verified, corrected, and manually created medical bills. • Reconciled payments to patient's accounts by reviewing Explanation of Benefits (EOBs). • Closely monitored timekeeping and leave requests to ensure sufficient staff coverage. • Efficiently followed up on commercial insurance accounts, including BC/BS, GHI & 1199 Senior Customer Service Outreach Coordinator United Healthcare 2005 to 2008 Facilitates outreach to ensure members receipt of clinical services improving member health outcomes
• Reinforces United Healthcare quality initiatives and regulatory/contractual requirements including outreach to members who are noncompliant with annual health initiatives • Support medical record capture for United Healthcare medical record review/abstraction of supplemental data • Collaborates with providers to improve member health outcomes and United Healthcare measures • Makes calls to members and provides assistance in obtaining services to necessary procedures • Distributes educational information to members/providers in accordance with the United Healthcare work plan • Assists in the development/standardization of outreach documentation and manages the data flow • Documents member participation in outreach activities in accordance with state and federal guidelines • Records and documents all member and provider outreach activity. Education
B.A. in Business Administration and Healthcare LaSalle University 1989 to 1994 High School Diploma Chester High School 1985 to 1989 Skills
• EDI • Portfolio Management • Medical Billing • Citrix • Medicare Appeals and Grievance • ICD-10 • Medical Records • EMR Systems • Problem-solving • Flexibility • Teamwork • Epic • Help Desk • Medical Coding • CPT Coding
Additional Information
Technical Skills, EPIC, Invision, ePremis, EDI, Meditech, STAR, NextGen, Citrix, HealthLogic, Availity, MedAssets.
References
Sheilah Booker Manager of Pacific Life and Annuity Phone# 623-***-**** Alicia Wright Bishop Manager at AHCCC’s Arizona Medicaid Phone #623-***-****
Contact this candidate