Youssef ElFar
Fairfield, CA ***** • 707-***-**** • ad6ht5@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Summary
Serviced-focused General Manager dedicated to delivering positive customer experiences to promote loyalty and repeat business. Orchestrates optimal resource utilization to handle expected operational needs. Sales leader with sound judgment, good planning abilities and interpersonal communication strengths. Customer-oriented General Manager with over than 10 years of experience focused on increasing revenues and expanding margin. Adaptive and deadline-oriented consistently executes and completes multiple projects in high-stress environments. Meticulous leader and strategic planner with comprehensive managerial acumen, offering vision and motivational acumen. Strong leader and problem-solver dedicated to streamlining operations to decrease costs and promote organizational efficiency. Uses independent decision-making skills and sound judgment to positively impact company success.
Skills
Budgeting and forecasting
Inventory control
Brand management
Public relations
Quality assurance
Marketing with some expertise
Business analysis
Operations management
Sales strategy
Regulatory compliance
Performance measurement
Customer service
Conflict resolution
Vendor management
Team leadership
Staff training and development
Event planning
Schedule Management
Distribution Management
Contract Negotiations
Operations Oversight
Staff Supervision
Work History
General Manager, 05/2023 to Current
Wing You / Wing Stop – Benicia, CA
Boosted customer satisfaction by implementing effective communication strategies and addressing concerns promptly.
Streamlined operations for increased efficiency by identifying areas of improvement in workflow processes.
Reduced costs with thorough budget analysis and strategic financial planning. Enhanced employee retention, providing ongoing training and development opportunities. Drove revenue growth through the execution of targeted marketing campaigns designed to attract new clientele.
Fostered a positive work environment to improve team morale and productivity levels. Implemented quality assurance measures, ensuring consistent delivery of high-quality products and services.
Optimized inventory management, implementing accurate forecasting methods to minimize stock discrepancies and prevent excess waste.
Delivered exceptional customer experiences through personalized service offerings tailored to individual preferences.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to develop innovative solutions. Implemented operational strategies and effectively built customer and employee loyalty. Managed budget implementations, employee reviews, training, schedules, and contract negotiations.
Maximized efficiency by coaching and mentoring personnel on management principles, industry practices, company procedures, and technology systems. Maximized operational excellence mentoring personnel on management principles, industry practices, and company procedures.
Managed budget implementations, employee evaluations, and contract details. Trained new employees on proper protocols and customer service standards. Scheduled employees for shifts, taking into account customer traffic and employee strengths. Monitored daily cash discrepancies, inventory shrinkage and drive-off. Reported issues to higher management with great detail. SoMa Inn Cafe GM, 09/1997 to 05/2018
SoMA Corp. – San Francisco, CA
Increased overall company efficiency by streamlining operations and implementing innovative managerial strategies for 21 years.
Developed and executed strategic plans for business growth and expansion, resulting in increased market share.
Betsy's Restaurant /GM /Betsy's Restaurant GM /Business Partner, 03/1994 to 06/1997 Betsy & Issa Nazzal – San Jose, CA
Worked at this location for breakfast, lunch and dinner at the same building of Bowling alley, hours operations Mon-Thurs. from 7am -10 /pm Fri-Sat-Sun. till mid-night. Education
Associate of Arts: Cooking School, 03/1994
Culinary of San Francisco - San Francisco, CA
Project Managements: Army-Project Managements, 06/1982 Technion of Haifa, Israel - Haifa-Israel
GED: 08/1979
St. Patrick Diploma - Nazareth- Israel
Languages
Arabic
Native or Bilingual
Hebrew
Full Professional
English
Full Professional
Contact this candidate