JESSICA PENDLETON
San Antonio, TX 315-***-**** ad6rnh@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/jessica-pendleton

QUALITY ASSURANCE AND COMPLIANCE PROGRAM MANAGER, SENIOR OPERATIONS MANAGER
Leading Compliance, Quality Assurance and Technical Inspections for Operations, Audit and Training Programs, focused around organizational strategic goals and initiatives
Bringing 12+ years of leadership experience in managing and directing compliance, quality assurance, and risk management programs across high-stakes environments for organizations with over 3,200 employees. Proven track record in regulatory adherence, process improvement, and root cause analysis. Adept at leading cross-functional teams, driving strategic and operational initiatives, and fostering a culture of compliance and operational excellence. Strongly focuses on regulatory compliance, customer performance and experience analysis, to drive improvement and innovation, and policy standards. Active Top Secret security clearance, renewed 3/2019.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Compliance and Complaints Manager – United States Air Force 4/2022 to 6/2024
Directed a team of 65 compliance inspectors, evaluating 575 programs for a US Air Force cyberspace organization with 3200 employees across 28 locations. Implemented regulatory and policy interpretation strategies, resolving 52 allegations of fraud, waste, abuse, and regulatory violations.
-Inspection and Compliance Management: Managed a team auditing compliance of cybersecurity records, operations, facilities, security, financial, personnel management, and administrative processes. Evaluated over 520 programs annually, identifying 584 deficiencies and developing corrective actions. Achieved the 2nd highest grade in higher-level management inspections.
- Complaint Investigations: Investigated complaints, employee grievances, regulatory violations, and Congressional inquiries. Gathered evidence, conducted assessments, and determined appropriate outcomes for over 52 complaints.
- Training and Communication Programs: Developed and led training programs, communication initiatives, and leader training. Produced weekly training materials and high-level risk assessment briefings via conferences, SharePoint, Confluence/Jira sites, and improvement projects.
- Process Improvement: Conducted trend analysis and risk assessments to develop opportunities for streamlined processes.
- Co-created the organization's first Innovation Board and Program, chaired improvement and innovation council, and developed management policies.
- Saved 1,900 hours annually by overhauling onboarding and training processes, optimizing inspector efficiency.
- Reduced report writing time from 14 days to 2 days using generative AI, saving 3,100 productivity hours annually.

Senior Operations Manager – United States Air Force 7/2018 to 4/2022
Led 155 members across operational planning, IT, administrative support, and maintenance teams in a 24/7/365 high-stake environment. Coordinated and directed mission planning and execution for foreign partners and stakeholders, strategically aligning global objectives and efforts. Also oversaw maintenance production compliance, cybersecurity, inspection and compliance, and IT planning teams for $64.9M fleet of used for surveillance and reconnaissance.
- Information Management: Created Confluence knowledge management site and Jira task management tool with 2,700 resources and reference points to standardize operations at 25+ global sites. Eliminated duplicative efforts with centralized document storage operations for global crisis operations planning, and 42 missions.
- Inspection Policy Oversight: Developed quality, safety and compliance inspection schedule, and shaped policy that standardized RPA maintenance and support guidance, and cybersecurity policy used across the Air Force.
- Project Management: Led full scope of projects including needs assessment, requirements gathering, establishing scope, schedule and budget, and leading cross-functional project teams. Highlights:
- Planned and executed senior leaders conference for US Strategic Command and commander of USAF Information Warfare headquarters. Brought together 80 experts to identify strategic opportunities to integrate and align capabilities in defensive cyber operations. Resulted in first partnered global mission, and garnered front page of Air Force Times.
- Led a team of 35 experts to author Head-quarter’s first information warfare operations on-boarding program. This framework and process slashed on-boarding time from 4 months to 1 month, and prepared planners with 2.5K plus processes, resources, certifications, and materials.
- Authored and published an operational order within 72 hours by researching field intelligence reports, mission team capabilities, and legal authority for a national cyber team, in a significant global crisis. This weaponized the team with options presented to and for authorization by the President of the United States.

JESSICA PENDLETON
San Antonio, TX 315-***-**** ad6rnh@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/jessica-pendleton

Instructor, Training Manager & Training Compliance – United States Air Force 4/2014 to 7/2018
Led the onboarding, training and administrative processing for up to 300 trainees through 6-week new hire training program. Supervised 6 instructors, directed the quality of instruction and ensured objectives were met for up to 9 annual onboarding sessions that shaped the careers of an average of 23,000 new recruits each year.
- Training Facilitation: Used a combination of lecture, hands-on and computer-based training (CBT) to engage all different types of adult learners. Worked one-on-one with struggling students. Modified materials and teaching style, managed classroom dynamics and created a positive learning environment.
- Coaching and Counseling: Authored and taught courses in leadership, communication, safety, policies, procedures and expectations. Provided individual career path counseling, guidance and discipline for over 300 members directly.
- Training Management: Audited training sessions of 6 instructors, ensured compliance with course curriculum and provided feedback and input to enhance instruction to 4.5K student annually.
-Curriculum Development: Assisted with design and creation of curriculum, course materials, policies and procedures. Highlights:
- Authored the Higher Headquarters first Senior Training Development Course. Penned regulatory guidance that was adapted at the Air Force level, and trained 470 Senior Trainers annually.
- Created the Air Force’s first Master Training Award recognition. Authored training and program execution standards, developed grading criteria, and published regulatory guidance for achieving superior training standards.
- Compliance Management: Enforced Air Force rules and regulations, identified issues or behavior patterns, and escalated disciplinary issues as needed. Authored organizations training compliance and audit program for 4.6K members. Authored inspection checklists across 52 areas of responsibility, for 48 organizations.

EDUCATION, CERTIFICATIONS, AND CERTIFICATES
Master of Science, Strategic Communication – Purdue University (in progress) Bachelor of Science, Behavioral Sciences – Bellevue University
Associate of Education and Training Management – Community College of the Air Force Associate of Applied Science, Electronic Principles– Community College of the Air Force Associate of Science, General Studies – Fulton Montgomery Community College
Security+ CompTIA Certification Cisco Certified Network Administrator (CCNA) (in progress) Cyber Functional Mission Analysis Certificate, Air University Joint Cyber Operations Planner Certificate, Air University

SPECIAL PROJECTS
Spurs Sports and Entertainment, San Antonio Leaders in Government Program 6/2022 to 6/2023
1 of 200 applicants selected to partner with Spurs Sports and Entertainment’s VP of Culture and Development. Planned and executed a leadership development seminar for 115 participants to learn employee growth and development, and community involvement strategies.

SKILLS

Risk Management & Analysis
Quality Assurance
Regulatory Adherence & Compliance
Root Cause Analysis
Data Analysis
Process & Organizational Controls
Process Improvement
Quantitative and Qualitative Research
Strong Analytical & Problem Solving
Data Assessments and Visualization
Cross-Functional Team Leadership
Strategic & Operational Planning
Change Management
Cross-Organizational Management
Stakeholder Engagement
Strong Attention to Detail
Analytical Thinking
Leadership
Conflict Resolution
Public Speaking & Presentation
Investigations & Grievances
Strategic Communications
Microsoft Suite
Project & Event Management
Technologically Proficient (e.g., generative AI, SharePoint, Microsoft Suite, Computer networking, VoIP, Adobe, etc.)
Agile and Scrum Methodologies
Government Financial Planning
Contact this candidate