+1-215-***-**** ad6rq6@r.postjobfree.com FallLineHoldings.com
Karl Schmidt
Fall Line Holdings, Inc.
Experienced leadership for consulting, business operations, marketing and sales. Experienced corporate officer, general manager, project manager, business founder and owner, designated principal investigator on multiple DoD projects and direct supervisor of mission-critical projects, including multiple First-of-a-Kind US nuclear, and power industry projects, including a US patent. Veteran: Qualified Nuclear Submarine Officer. Focused on strategic planning, technically complex equipment development, problem solving, business and process improvement, marketing & sales, operations, and business analysis, capital asset integrity, nondestructive testing, quality assurance and quality performance. Serving US Industry, Government, and international clients and projects. Entities served through employers and clients include: DoD ( Army, Air Force, Marine Corps, Navy), DoE, NASA, most US nuclear utilities (serving over 30 plant sites) and most major energy companies and suppliers including US and some international. Representative clients and partners include: AGIP, ARAMCO, Chevron-Texaco, the Danish Welding Institute, ExxonMobil, NNPC, Northrop-Grumman--Lockheed-Martin, Petrobras, Raytheon, Tecnatom, Total… Comfortable in Mac and Windows OS including Microsoft Office. Remote assignment required, limited travel. Flexible compensation and hours. Experience:
Fall Line Holdings, Inc., Founder, Owner, President 2005 – ongoing Founded this small business to facilitate corporate acquisition and consulting services, as the Veteran Owner. Fall Line Holdings provides management, technical and marketing consulting, and implementation. Typical scopes include: business development, program, project and technical management, including asset integrity, quality assurance, nondestructive testing, related robotics, program and technology development and implementation Clients are technical and engineering service and product providers. Engagements have extended 15-years. A few examples: For Evisive www.evisive.com (2005 - ongoing): As the Defense Application Program Manager, duties include: client interface and reporting, proposal, project execution plan and budget development, oversight of project execution and reporting for US Department of Defense Small Business Innovative Research (SBIR) and related projects. As the designated Principal Investigator, implemented eight SBIR projects, including follow-on procurement, and DoD implementation totaling about $15 million. Related duties have included: training, equipment delivery and license coordination, engineering guidance, and delivery coordination for DoD clients: Army, Air Force, Marine Corps, Navy, and international clients: Saudi Aramco and Indian military.
For Elper Oilfield Engineering www.elpernigeria.com (2005 – 2021): As Consultant, supported development of the business from about 25 to about 500 employees). This included: proposal development and preparation (including composition, word processing and printing for early works). Identified and organized partnerships with Acuren, Equinox, Eutrue, and Mistras for project implementation with AGIP, Chevron,ExxonMobil, NNPC, Shell, Total, and others. Developed the corporate NDT certification program. Managed equipment acquisition, shipment and delivery (including client components exceeding $1 million unit value). Activity ended upon independent acquisition of Elper. For System One Services www.systemoneservices.com (2018 – ongoing): As Corporate Level III Microwave Testing, responsible to establish training programs, train test, and certify technicians, and edit rand approve relevant procedures and reports.
+1-215-***-**** ad6rq6@r.postjobfree.com FallLineHoldings.com KARL SCHMIDT
EBASCO Services, Inc.
Raytheon Engineers & Constructors, Inc.
Washington Group International 1990 – 2005
Served as: Vice President Quality Technology & Engineering, Director Quality Technology and Engineering, and Director Quality Programs Division (about 1200 employees (including part time) $90 million revenue). Scope included: overall management, marketing, sales, project management, execution and financial performance of consulting, engineering, technical and field services to preserve the integrity of complex physical systems. Clients: US Department of Energy, US and international nuclear utilities, the major oil, gas, chemical-process and aerospace vendors. Led advanced robotic inspection equipment design and development, and implementation: including and the first robotic internal inspection of a nuclear power plant suppression torus structure. Awarded US patent 6,104,970 – Crawler Inspection Vehicle with Precise Mapping Capability, with a subordinate.
Nuclear Energy Services 1975 – 1990
General Manager / Vice President Inspection Services: Developed, grew and managed businesses providing services and products to nuclear power and public sector markets, including: ultrasonic testing, visual inspection, quality assurance engineering, high density spent fuel storage rack design and fabrication. Grew from about 20 to about 400 (full and part time) employees, ($100 million revenue). Performed about 73% of preservice inspection services for US nuclear utilities. Led international research and identified the most advanced ultrasonic inspection capability for reactor vessel inspection. Organized and acquired Dynacon, Inc., the technology developer. Developed funding for advancement of the technology, including acquisition of essential inspection system components (including the first US importation of the Phillips digital disk write/read device). Managed development and promotion and qualification of the first fully-digital ASME Section XI ultrasonic inspection of a Nuclear Reactor Vessel, and the first internal inspection of a reactor vessel nozzle in an operating plant using a submersible we developed. With another VP, under parent company direction (Automation Industries, Inc.), organized arrangements for sale of NES to independent owners. After sale of NES to the new owners, my colleague and I were discharged. Dynacon was later sold to Westinghouse and expanded significantly (https://www.wesdyne.com).
the Babcock & Wilcox Company 1972 - 1975
Project Manager: Managed engineering service contracts, led and directly participated in research projects in nuclear power plant service. Project Engineer for development of the first remote tube sheet inspection system, and the first on-line loose parts monitor and the first core oscillation detection system. Implemented those first-of-a kind systems for nuclear reactors. US Navy 1965 - 1972
Qualified Submarines: Ship’s Engineer Officer nuclear main propulsion. Plank Holder (Commissioning Crew) USS Pintado SSN672. LTJG, Mechanical Division Officer / Communications Officer, Vietnam Era Veteran NROTC scholarship program at UC Berkeley (Enlisted 1965, Commissioned 1969). EDUCATION
University of California, Berkeley, BA Physics, 1965 - 1969 US Navy Officer Nuclear Power Training Program, Nuclear Engineering,1969 - 1970 Lynchburg College, Lynchburg, VA, Courses toward MBA, 1973-1975 A list of representative publications is included. The sponsors include, among numerous memberships): ASNT, ANS, ASQC, International Conference on Advanced Ceramics and Composites, American Institute of Physics, National Space & Missile Materials Symposium, US DoD, Army, Navy, Air Force, Missile Defense Agency, and US Nuclear Regulatory Commission. 1
KARL SCHMIDT: REPRESENTATIVE PUBLICATIONS
Editor, “The MW Compendium: Articles on Microwaves”, American Society for Nondestructive Testing, 2016
Technical Editor, “Field Service Microwave Inspection Experience in Dielectric Components, Materials Engineering”, Materials Evaluation, American Society For Nondestructive Testing, 2016
Contributing author (microwave), “American Society of Nondestructive Testing Aerospace Industry Handbook”, American Society of Nondestructive Testing, 2014 Schmidt, “Microwave Interferometry NDT of Composites”, National Space & Missile Materials Symposium (NSMMS) & Commercial and Government Responsive Access to Space Technology Exchange (CRASTE), 2016
Schmidt, et al., “Update: Robust Nondestructive Testing Tools for Ceramic Armor”, 37th International Conference on Advanced Ceramics and Composites, Daytona, FL, USA, 2016 Schmidt, “Operator Training and Performance Measurement for Nondestructive Testing of Ceramic Armor”, International Conference on Advanced Ceramics and Composites, Daytona, FL, USA, 2015
Schmidt et al., “Operator Training and Performance Measurement for Nondestructive Testing of Ceramic Armor”, Proceedings of the 34th International Conference on Advanced Ceramics and Composites, American Ceramics Society, Daytona, FL, USA, 2015 Schmidt, “Microwave Interferometry NDT of Composites”, National Space & Missile Materials Symposium (NSMMS / CRASTE), Huntsville, AL, USA, 2015 Schmidt, Principal Investigator, “NDE of Ceramic Armor”, Army SBIR A072-186 Phase I, II
& Enhancement. W911QX09C0052 Developed, qualified and delivered eight MIL-STD 810 Portable Automated Inspection Systems for inspection of composite ceramic armor panels in- place on vehicles. 2015
Schmidt, et al., “Quantitative NDE of CMCs by Microwave Interferometry”, 39th Annual Conference on Composites, Materials and Structures, Cocoa Beach, FL USA 2015 Schmidt, Principal Investigator, “NDE of CMC Material”, USAF SBIR AF07-105 Phase II & Extension. FA865008C5306 Developed, qualified and delivered an in-process system for density & porosity measurement for S-200 parts. 2014. Schmidt, Principal Investigator, “Quantitative NDE of CMC”, USAF SBIR AF103-153 Phase I and II. FA865012C5109 Develop quantitative direct NDE input to FEA modeling of S-200 CMC. 2014.
Schmidt, Principal Investigator, “Innovative methods for characterizing manufacturing defects”, MDA SBIR B132-016 Phase I, HQ14714C7821 Applied microwave technology to samples provided by MDA. 2014
Schmidt, “Briefing for the 46th Meeting of the Combined Light Armor Survivability Panel”
(CLASP), 2013
Schmidt, et al. "Quantitative NDE of CMCs by Microwave Interferometry, Update": 37th Annual Conference on Composites, Materials and Structures, Cocoa Beach, FL 2013 Schmidt, Principal Investigator, “Condition Monitoring for Ground Vehicles”, Army SBIR A082-144 Phase I and II. W56HZV11C0077 Small, hand-held wireless tool for in–situ conditional monitoring on ceramic armor composite panels on vehicles tested successfully by the Army in AEWE Spiral H and subsequent procurement. 2013 Schmidt, Principal Investigator, “Post IED Hull Inspection Tool”, USMC SBIR N123-156 Phase I. 13C6520M67854 Develop a toolkit for post-IED hull inspection. 2013 2
SCHMIDT PUBLICATIONS
Schmidt, et al., “Thickness Measurement of Fiberglass Piping and Vessels”, American Society for Nondestructive Testing (ASNT) Annual Conference 2013 Schmidt, et al., “Portable Automated Imaging in Complex Ceramics with a Microwave Interference Scanning System”, American Ceramics Society, Proceedings of the 37th International Conference on Advanced Ceramics and Composites, Daytona Beach, FL, 2013 Schmidt, et al., “Quantitative NDE of CMCs by Microwave Interferometry”, 36th Annual Conference on Composites, Materials and Structures, Cocoa Beach, FL, USA, 2012 Schmidt, et al., Ellingson, Franks, Green, Jefferson, “Multi-Depth Imaging in Complex Ceramics with a Microwave Interference Scanning System”, 36th International Conference on Advanced Ceramics and Composites, Daytona, FL, USA, 2012 Schmidt, et al., “Portable Automated Imaging In Complex Ceramics With A Microwave Interference Scanning System”, Review of Progress in Quantitative NDE, July American Institute of Physics, July 2012
Schmidt, et al., “Technology Transfer for Microwave Interferometry to Nuclear Power Applications”, Electric Power Research Institute, 9th International Conference on NDE, Seattle, WA, USA, 2012
Schmidt, et al., “Correlation of Scanning Microwave Interferometry and Digital X-Ray Images for Damage Detection in Ceramic Composite Armor”, Review of Progress in Quantitative NDE, American Institute of Physics, July 2011 Schmidt, “Microwave Interferometry Solution to Inspection Challenges in Composites”, 59th Defense Working Group on Nondestructive Testing, Williamsburg, VA, USA, 2011 Schmidt, et al., “Quantitative NDE of Complex Materials using Microwave Interferometry”, American Society for Nondestructive Testing, Fall Conference and Quality Testing Show, Palm Springs, CA, USA, 2011
Schmidt, et al., “Application of a Miniaturized Portable Microwave Interference Scanning System for Nondestructive Testing of Composite Ceramic Armor”, Proceedings of the 35th International Conference on Advanced Ceramics and Composites, American Ceramics Society, Daytona, FL, USA, 2011
Schmidt, “Microwave Interferometry Solution to Inspection Challenges in Composites”, 59th Defense Working Group on Nondestructive Testing, Williamsburg, VA, USA, 2011 Schmidt, et al., “Application of Microwave Interferometry”, 58th Defense Working Group on NDT, Dallas, TX, USA, 2010
Schmidt, et al, “Optimization Of A Portable Microwave Interference Scanning System For Nondestructive Testing Of Multi-Layered Dielectric Materials”, Sponsored By: U.S. Army Research, Development and Engineering Command (RDECOM), Tank Automotive, Research, Development and Engineering Center (TARDEC),Warren, MI, 2010 Schmidt, et al., “Development of a Portable Microwave Interference Scanning System for Nondestructive Testing Of Multi-Layered Dielectric Materials”, American Society for Nondestructive Testing, Fall Conference and Quality Testing Show, Houston, TX, USA, 2010 K. Schmidt, et al., “Miniature Handheld Microwave Interference Scanning System for NDE of Dielectric Armor and Armor Systems”, Review of Progress in Quantitative NDE, San Diego, CA, USA, 2010.
Schmidt, et al., “Application of Microwave Interferometry in Complex Engineered Dielectric Materials”, Electromagnetic Nondestructive Evaluation XIV “Studies in Applied Electromagnetics and Mechanics”, Szczecin, Poland, IOS Press, 2010 3
SCHMIDT PUBLICATIONS
Schmidt for Little, “Development of Scanning Microwave Technology for Ceramics in Extreme Environments”, CIMTEC 12th International Ceramics Conference, Montecatini Terme, Italy, 2010
Schmidt, et al., “Optimization of a Portable Microwave Interference Scanning System for Nondestructive Testing of Multi-Layered Dielectric Materials”, Proceedings of the 34th International Conference on Advanced Ceramics and Composites, American Ceramics Society, Daytona, FL, USA, 2010
Schmidt, et al., “Optimization of a Portable Microwave Interference Scanning System for Nondestructive Testing of Multi-Layered Dielectric Materials”, 27th US Army Science Conference, Orlando, FL, USA, 2010
Schmidt, et al., “A Portable Microwave Interference Scanning System for Nondestructive Testing of Multi-Layered Ceramic Armor Materials”, 33rd International Conference on Advanced Ceramics and Composites, Daytona, FL, USA, 2009 Schmidt, et al., “Porosity Measurement in Ceramic Matrix Composite (CMC) Structures”, Defense Manufacturing Conference, Orlando, FL, USA 2009 Schmidt, et al., “Optimization of a Portable Microwave Interference Scanning System for Nondestructive Testing of Multi-Layered Dielectric Materials”, US Army Tank and Automotive Research and Engineering Command, Ground Vehicle Survivability Conference, Warren, MI, USA, 2009
Schmidt, et al., “Optimizing a Portable Microwave Interference Scanning System for Nondestructive Testing of Multi-Layered Dielectric Materials”, Review of Progress in Quantitative NDE, University of Rhode Island, Kingston, RI, USA, 2009. American Institute of Physics
Schmidt, et al., “Microwave Interference Scanning Inspection of Nonmetallic Pipes”, 5th Middle East Nondestructive Testing Conference & Exhibition, Manama, Bahrain 2009 Schmidt, et al., “Application of a Portable Microwave Interference Scanning Technique to Inspect Ceramic Armor in a Field Environment”, Proceedings of the 32nd International Conference & Exposition on Advanced Ceramics and Composites, Daytona, FL, USA, 2008. Schmidt, et al., “A Portable Microwave Interference Scanning System for Nondestructive Testing of Multi-Layered Dielectric Materials”, Quantitative Nondestructive Evaluation Conference, University of Chicago, 2008
Schmidt, ”On-Stream Inspection of Above Ground Storage Tanks”, American Society for Nondestructive Testing (ASNT, 1995
Schmidt, “Mechanical Integrity and Process Safety Management”, American Institute of Chemical Engineers (AIChE), 1994
Schmidt, “Advanced Robotics Applications to Tank Inspection”, National Association of Corrosion Engineers (NACE International), 1993
Contributing author, “Constraints on Boiling Water Reactor Piping System Inspection, Mitigation, Repair, and Replacement”, AIF/NESP-038, Atomic Industrial Forum, 1986 Schmidt, “Application of an Advanced UT System to Piping IGSCC Examination”, Eleventh Annual National Energy Division Conference, American Society for Quality Control (ASQC), 1986
Contributing author, “US Nuclear Industry Ad Hoc Committee Response to USNRC Reg. Guide 1.150”, Various Trade Journals, 1983
Contact this candidate