Fernando Gutierrez Ponce, msie
**** ************ ***** ******* ** 75043 (C) 214-***-**** ad70dn@r.postjobfree.com

TALENTED & RESULTS-DRIVEN PROFESSIONAL
Teaching Quality Assurance Manufacturing Production & Operations

Highly motivated self-starter with broad based experience including: quality assurance, continuous improvement, manufacturing, staff leadership, human resources, and teaching, demonstrated ability to consistently achieve daily goals and objectives. Reliable and focused, ability to succeed in dynamic environments and skillfully manage multiple tasks. Strong interpersonal skills, proficient in fostering positive professional relationships and communicating effectively at all levels, advanced English proficiency. Seeking to utilize experience and exceptional work ethic in an organization that values dedication and results - Available to travel and willing to relocate.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Managing Quality Assurance
Manufacturing Environments
Production & Operational Efficiency
Leadership & Team Management
Teaching, Coaching & Training
Strategic Planning
Human Resources Functions
Complex Problem Resolution
Continuous Improvement (Six Sigma yellow Belt certified)
Analysis & Decision-Making
Collaboration & Teamwork
Time & Schedule Management

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

MASONITE INTERNATIONAL, Mesquite TX, 2016-Present
Plant Manager (2022 – actual)
Drives all company safety policies, practices and procedures to ensure 100% compliance
Deploys Lean Manufacturing techniques in the area of Safety, quality, cost reduction, complete and on-time deliveries, customer satisfaction, employee relations, visual controls and plant performance measures
Provides leadership for employee relations through effective communications, coaching, training and development and problem resolution in a way that supports the Masonite culture
Monitors operations for efficiency and safety ensuring that all applicable regulatory requirements are met/followed
Drives improvements in plant operations, manufacturing processes and standardized work procedures leading to productivity and efficiency gains through application of Lean Tools
Establishes and directs plant policies and procedures
Monitors overall plant performance for production and quality standards
Responsible for operational labor metrics, improvement in the Team Improvement Process and OEE metrics
Facilitates Lean Six Sigma process improvement opportunities throughout the plant and be the plant ambassador for quality and process excellence
Full P&L responsibility, works closely with finance and sales & marketing to partner towards sales objectives
Key Achievement:
Achieving Fill rates for Both Stock and Entry commodities avobe the goals (95% combined
Employees Turnover to 0%
Break all the past Safety goals
Train and certify 14 Kaizen facilitators across the facility
Build a work environment that facilititated interdepartamental work.

Quality Manager (2016-2022)
§Accountable for ensuring full quality and regulatory compliance while driving process effectiveness and efficiency at the site.
§Ensures site audit readiness and host the Quality System audits and executes Quality Management System reviews.
§Owns site compliance assessment and remediation, leads communication and training requirements for Quality matters.
§Review standard operating procedures for company directives and compliance.
§Monitor, control, and analyzes product and process quality to meet internal and external customer requirements.
§Determine through statistical data continuous improvements projects.
§Partner with production in detecting root causes for defects during production phases.
§Work with management staff in analyzing data for purpose of developing and implementing preventative measures to limit or eliminate quality defects.
§Communicate quality goals and requirements by preparing and disseminating standards, metrics, standard operating procedures (SOP) management, and vendor document and production record guidelines.
§Prepare quality assurance reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing data and trends.
§Facilitate Lean Six Sigma process improvement opportunities throughout the plant and be the plant ambassador for quality and process excellence.
§Responsible for site RMA/RFC process to include evaluation, processing, corrective actions and disposition.

Key Achievement:
§Succesfully implementing VSM projects and follow up to achieve savings 50%+ than the goal.
§Consistenly maintain the overall COPQ below the company target.
§Train personnel in the key areas to minimize mistakes from the plant.
§Effectively participate in a multiplant team to reduce scrap material incoming to the plant, increasing efficiency and reducing overall cost of the doors by 30%.
§Taking over the EHS responsibilities for the facility

ANA G MENDEZ UNIVERSITY SYSTEM, Dallas TX, 2015-2022
Associate Professor
§Provide student instruction and education at college level and Masters level on Advanced Mathematics, Operations and Production Management, Statistics, Algebra, Graphic Engineering
Key Achievement:
§Passing grade of 95% of the students with 90 or above grade.

GARLAND INDEPENDENT SCHOOL DISTRICT, Garland TX, 2015-2016
Bilingual Teacher
§Provide student instruction and education to assist with achieving college and career readiness.
§Foster an engaging academic environment conducive to optimal learning and individual performance improvement.
Key Achievement:
§75% of the students demonstrated growth in the Mathematics subject in the standirized test

DALLAS INDEPENDENT SCHOOL DISTRICT, Dallas TX, 2008-2015
Bilingual Teacher
§Provide student instruction and education to assist with achieving college and career readiness.
§Foster an engaging academic environment conducive to optimal learning and individual performance improvement.
Key Achievement:
§Achieved a 95% passing rate on a standardized State test.

ZARKIN MOBILIARI, Guadalajara, Mexico, 2007-2007
Quality Assurance Manager
§Provided excellent leadership of quality assurance initiatives to ensure product quality throughout the design phase until product completion.
§Fostered relationships with suppliers, audited processes to ensure optimal productivity, and implemented a quality assurance system based on ISO-9000:2000 (without external certification)
§Managed shipping department and logistics for optimal efficiency and effectiveness.
Key Achievements:
§Improved customer satisfaction by minimizing delays related to the budget and repairs.
§Reduced backlog and repair inventory by 90%.
§Consistently achieved on time delivery and zero mistakes.

TECNICA MADERERA ESPECIALIZADA, Zapopan, Mexico, 2003-2007
Quality Engineer
§Implemented Statistics Process Control (SPC) system in factory for greater efficiency and improvements to production processes, reduced quality defects index to ensure product quality during fabrication process.
§Performed out of box audits, incoming audits, quality alerts, and provided visual aids.
§Minimize the down time of the production process thru leadership role in the TPM team
.Key Achievements:
§Successfully consolidated the quality department.
§Reduced personnel to a minimum without sacrificing quality.
§Increased overall productivity of the plant.
§Proactively ensured customer credit accounts remained far below approved $3,000 budgetary amounts assigned by CEO, never exceeding $500 for monthly claims and returns.

PUERTAS FINAS DE MADERA MONTEALBAN, Oaxaca, Mexico, 2002-2003
Quality Manager
§Implemented Statistics Process Control and systematic elimination of defects and process failure to ensure quality of manufactured products, from raw materials to finished products.
§Implemented and documented quality control systems, as well as Quality System ISO-9001 (without external certification).
Key Achievements:
§Researched, qualified, and developed suppliers to ensure process quality, with increased plant productivity.
§Increased amount of new business as a result of improved product quality.
§Implemented critical process standardization to decrease probability of errors.

ULTRACRIL, S.A. DE C.V., Guadalajara, Mexico 1998-2002
Quality Assurance Superintendent (2001-2002)
§Ensured quality of manufactured products from the design of sweaters and collection of technical data to product completion.
§Analyzed processes to eliminate re-processing and failures.
§Developed suppliers, completed product audits (statistical audits) and performed intermediate process audits.
§Served as Manager Representative for the Quality System ISO-9001.
§Approved client audits of product shipments.
Key Achievement:
§Implemented quality Kanban system in sweater manufacturing to maintain ISO-9001 certification without audit issues.

Personnel Administration Superintendent (1998-2001)
§Developed training plans and programming for staff training across all levels of the plant.
§Recruited and selected qualified staff.
§Handled legal functions and broad based personnel administration.
§Served as Manager’s alternate representative for quality system ISO-9001.
§Coordinated implementation of systems and procedures to ensure optimal internal audits for each department.
§Developed elaborate evaluation reports for Cydsa Excellence Award (quality assurance award equivalent to the Shingo Prize for excellence in manufacturing).
Key Achievements:
§Received the Cydsa Excellence Award for best information administration in all plant groups.
§Decreased rotation levels to achieve training level standards, zero labor problems and zero accidents.

PRIOR EXPERIENCE

§Teacher, CETI, Zapopan, Mexico, 1996-2000
§Academic Coordinator, CECYTEJ, El Salto, México, 1997-1998
§Technical Drawing, LACKMA CONSTRUCTORA, Guadalajara, Mexico, 1994-1995

EDUCATION

§Master of Science in Industrial Engineering, Tecnológico de Monterrey, Mexico, 1999
Minor in Quality & Productivity Systems
§Bachelor of Science in Industrial Engineering, Universidad de Guadalajara, México, 1995

TECHNICAL & LANGUAGE PROFICIENCIES

§Microsoft Office Suite, AutoCAD, Stat Graphics for Windows 2.0
§Advanced English and Spanish Proficiency

TRAINING & PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

§Six Sigma Green Belt Certification, University of Michigan 2023
§Kaizen Facilitator Yellow Belt course (Masonite) 2018
§Six Sigma Green Belt Certification, Expertrating, 2015
§Total Productive Maintenance, Turning Consulting Group, 2006
§Train the Trainers, Turning Consulting Group, 2005
§WFTA, Turning Consulting Group, 2005
§World Class Manufacturing, Turning Consulting Group, 2004
§Total Quality Management, Dr. Ichiro Miyauchi, 2000
§Continuous Improvement Project Development, Laura Avila, 2000
§Internal Auditor ISO-9001, Adrian Salcedo Jañez, 1998
Contact this candidate