MOHAMMED RAISUL HAQUE
**** ********* ****. ***. *** North Hills, CA-91343
Phone: 818-***-**** Email: ad72ks@r.postjobfree.com

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Seasoned Quality Manager with proven accomplishments with technical experience and extensive records with Quality Assurance Management in Industrial, Ground Fueling, Aerospace and Automotive Industry. Quality Engineering Technical expert with effective engineering teamwork, collaboration, and execution through proper communication to achieve high quality with peak productivity. Initiative-taking to contribute to the company’s goals and objectives by eliminating scrap, rework, and field returns. Strong ability to negotiate and resolve issues in cross organizational environments. Core competency includes:
MS Windows 11, MS Project, MS Excel, MS Word, Power Point
Quality Tools (Six Sigma, RCCA Analysis, and 8D Methodology, Pareto Chart Analysis, Fish bone, 5 Whys, CAPA, APQP, PPAP, FMEA, PFMEA and Minitab 17
Working experience on Following Software LAB VIEW, Python, MINITAB 17, SolidWorks & DISCUSS.
Review and Created new FAIR (AS910). Software used DISCUSS.
Lean Manufacturing Tools (DMADV, DFFS, SIPOC, 5S, Kaizen & Value Stream Mapping)
Experience in QMS (Quality Management) for Aerospace & Automotive Industry for 10 + years.
Firsthand working experience on Boeing valve and related components for 3 years.
Working experience on Troubleshoot of all kinds of hydraulic and temperature control systems
Extensive Working knowledge on NADCAP Certification.
Review the Test Data also inspection of NDT.
Perform the following Lab Tests For 10 years: 1) Vibration 2) Humidity 3) Decompression 4) Water Proofing 5) Fluids 6) Salt Spray 7) Acceleration 8) Solar Radiation 8) Temperature Variation 9) Sand/Dust 10) Icing 11) NDT Test 11) ESD and 12) EMI / EMC
CERTIFICATION
Lean Six Sigma Black Belt,
Certified Boeing RCCA
Boeing FAI System training Completed.
AS9100 Rev D Lead Auditor BSI Training Completed
SAFRAN DVI-PPAP Training completed.
Certified DPRV (AS13001 & AS9117 Delegated Product Release Verification) by SEA
Certified AS/EN9100 D Internal Auditor.
EXPERIENCE AS TEAM SUPERVISOR
Work as Lab (Environmental & ESD Lab) Supervisor for 6 years at Kavlico Corporation
Work as Lab (Environmental & ESD Lab) Manager at China & IA, USA for 2 years at Gits Manufacturing
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Saxon Aerospace (PCC/ADI) - Lead Inspection Team Started: 07/23/2024 - Present Santa Clara, CA
As a lead Inspection Team organize measurement of aerospace product as per customer drawings. Send the product next step operation (Shipment)
L&T Technology Services / Collins Aerospace Windsor, CT
Lead Test Engineer 6/2021 to 12/2023.
Review Test Procedure & Creta Test Report for EMC/EMI Test on MIL-810 also DO-160
Out of 7 section 5 section Completed for IPC-A-610. Receive training as per IPC-J-STD-001 for space flight or certain military applications.
Managed the site ESD program per ANSI ESD S20.20-2007 & RA 900-20-29.
Maintain the quality standard of the as per RA Lab quality Standards.
Core member of implementation Team for 5S & also Perform the Monthly 5S audit of production area.
Mercury System Oxnard, CA-93030
Quality Engineer II 11/2020 – 05/2021
Worked with Manufacturing Engineer on multiple PC Board production lines of Aerospace Programs to ensure the quality of the products by reviewing and approving production process work instruction, implementing the quality plan including FAI, Quality Control Plan, and the incoming & Final Inspection plan.
Managed the site ESD program per ANSI ESD S20.20-2007 specification by testing and certifying all ESD stations yearly while conducting the periodic daily, weekly, monthly, and yearly ESD system audits. Led the initial and yearly ESD Certification testing of all ESD personnel and maintain certification records current.
Working with management and Quality Manager Introduce 5S Program in all the department including Clean Room.
Lead and manage the MRB inventory control also Lead and keep over all monitor the RMA.
Meggitt Engine System North Hollywood, CA
Sr. Program Quality Engineer 10/2016 – 05/2020
Also perform as Quality Engineer Manager: From October 2017 to May 2020
Worked with Manufacturing Engineer on multiple production lines of Industrial and Aerospace Programs to ensure the quality of the products by reviewing and approving production process work instruction, implementing the quality plan including FAI, critical dimension, key characteristics, PFMEA, Control Plan and the inspection plan.
Perform & verify the supplier Adut as per AS9101. Verified the Supplier WO for the products & also NADCAP certification (If required).
Managed the Production and MRO Quality Assurance activities of 2 Industrial Customer Programs of Siemens and GE including Contract Review, FAI, Test, Teardown investigations, developing L1 and L2 Report, revising manufacturing traveler to incorporate lessons learned from teardown, Product Audit, disposition of Quality Note (QN), verification Pick List components with Bill Material Configuration and Customer Interface.
To increase Customer satisfaction of Siemens, implemented a burndown plan to reduce backlog of L1 and L2 Teardown Reports from ten units to current resulting in 100% improvement with no further behind schedule.
Conducted System Audit in Test Lab and 2 Product Audits on Embraer and Gulfstream per AS9100 Aerospace requirements to validate correct implementation of Customer Contracts Quality Requirements.
Verified FAIR and LAIR compliance with AS9102 for SAFRAN, Gulfstream, Boeing, and Industrial valves.
Working with NPI Team to complete production of qualification unit.
Lead the RCCA investigation of multi customer electronic sub-assemblies failing Top Assembly tests and receiving inspection with 75% First Pass Yield (FPY) rejection rate. Conducted a 3 X 5 Whys investigation and identified the root cause of the issue as non-conforming Armature coil material not meeting drawing requirement due to wrong thickness and incorrect material. Correction performance by replacing the wrong coil with the right coil and process change implemented by revising routing adding special coil control instruction and a coil material verification step in a systemic manner in all affected Armature sub-assemblies yielding 100% FPY on both receiving inspection and Final Top Assembly.
Apple Co. Elk Grove, CA
Sr. Quality Engineer (CONTRACT) 10/2015- 10/2016
Conducted Quality Investigations on 2 I-phone production lines due to a low FPY 0f 92% and collaborating closely with ME improved FPY by conducting Quality System and Product Quality Audit to close the gap between the documented planning and the as build process configuration findings. Corrected product build errors found such as damaged electronic components, Main Frame surface cosmetic non-conformances such as scratches exceeding drawing allowed requirements and related test fails. Implemented process improvements yielded an FPY gain of 95% resulting in total yearly cost of savings of 3% or $50K.
Implemented process change in receiving inspection by deploying new electronic test equipment to facilitated execution of 100% MLB (Main Logic Board) testing on all kind of Electromechanical components Test. New Test System resulted in 100% detection and rejection of vendor no-conforming electro-mechanical sub-assemblies and components which MLB system. This improvement contributed a 15% on time Delivery improvement in final top assembly shipments. Implemented systemic Supplier Corrective Actions (SCARs) to prevent 100% recurrence of electromechanical sub – assemblies and components with MLB.
Managed the site ESD program per ANSI ESD S20.20-2007 specification by testing and certifying all ESD stations yearly while conducting the periodic daily, weekly, monthly, and yearly ESD system audits. Led the initial and yearly ESD Certification testing of all ESD personnel and maintain certification records current.
Prepare weekly Production Quality Report for Management presentation using MS Excel, Minitab 17, and PowerPoint to provide Product performance status including no-conformance trends, corrective actions, CAR Process Owners, CAR delinquency status and MRB cost savings to help drive action using PDCA Action RAIL.
Developed and implemented a new SOP to lean production line by removing waste in the line by simplifying, combining, and improving process sequence and flow of operations in the production Line. Process changes helped to reduce the workforce by 12.5% and resulted in company savings per month of $24,000.00 for four production lines.
ITT Aerospace Controls, Valencia, CA-91355
Evaluate Engineer III - Certification (CONTRACT) 02/2015 – 09/2015
Managed and coordinated all kinds of electro-mechanical Environmental product testing for different type valves, actuators for Aerospace Defense Program KC-46 using STD - RTCA/DO-160G and MIL-STD 810 testing specifications. Also Review the Test Data also inspection of NDT.
Performed tests on systems and components to determine operability, Quality, performance, and suitability. Troubleshooted, repaired and modified systems and components as appropriate improve performance. Performed all Product tests in accordance RTCA/DO-160 and MIL-STD-810 test specifications for Aerospace Valve and related equipment for Boeing.
Prepared new Acceptance Test Procedure (ATP) and updated existing ATP including Test Setup as per updated customer requirements in a timely manner to support production schedule and customer needs.
Prepared Qualification by Similarity and Analysis and prepared Qualification Test Report for KC-46 Programme
Managed Customer communications to resolve test related issues and performance problems.
Gits Manufacturing Co. Urbandale, Iowa
Sr. Test & Validation Engineer 09/2013 – 01/2015
Prepared Design Validation Plan and Report (DVP&R) test Project Plan and run all test for Actuator and Valves for Automotive Industry.
Worked with production line and Quality Department to implement Lean Manufacturing.
Prepared Project Plan and run the project for New Product Development to meet Customer Product Quality, Cost and Delivery schedule.
Trained Engineers at China Plant on Continuous Improvement Tools and Methods. Facilitated Lean Projects by deploying A3, VSM, 5S, Standard Work Instruction and Kaizen Events.
Managed Customer interface to maintain Quality of the product. Achieved high customer satisfaction by improving product Quality Rating using robust RCCA and Quality Improvement Plans (QIP) on various customers including JBC, John Deere, and MAN Engineering.
Deployed Lean Manufacturing Project to reduce waste and scrap. Achieved improvements after 4 months by reducing scrap from 35% to 10%. This resulted in company validated financial saving of $800K per year at China Plant in Shanghai.
Medtronic Inc. Northridge, CA
Quality & Reliability Test Engineer 04/2012 – 09/2013
Created and implemented a detailed ESD Program procedure per ANSI ESD S20.20-2007 specification using a systematic methodology for performing site customized ESD test process in manufacturing environment to comply with the requirements outlined by the FDA Quality Standard and System Regulation.
Worked with New Product Development Team for the lunch of an Insulin Pump for Diabetic people for various Hospital use.
Firsthand working experience on Internal Audit based on ISO 13485
Worked on the implementation of Failure Mode & Effecting Analysis (FMEA) on the new Insulin Pump for Diabetic people to make product for robust and improve Product Quality.
SOLIANT ENERGY Inc. Monrovia, CA-91016
Quality & Reliability Engineer 01/2009 – 12/2011
Performed diverse types of Automated Environmental Tests for Solar Energy Cell and related mechanical Equipment in Lab and outdoor as per IEC 62108 test specification. This included DS-100, Light IV, Dark IV and EL Test. Maintained all test data collected in automated system and analyzed the data to prepare final Test Report.
Assisted Production Manager on day-to-day production process support and managed product Quality per specification ISO9001 / TS 16949 Standard. Also assisted in the implementation of Continuous Improvement on production solar cell assemblies and solar panels.
Implemented an Environmental Lab Management procedure, which resulted in validated company financial savings of $240K per year.
Deployed 5S and trained 9 Engineers and 1 Supervisor resulting in company financial savings and on time delivery improvement of production in compliance with Customer requirements.
Kavlico Corporation Moorpark, CA – 93021
Quality Engineer/Test Engineer (Quality and Product Validation) 12/1998 – 12/2008
Performed various Environmental Tests and ESD Tests for Aerospace and Automotive Sensors for 9 years.
Implemented a Toyota Quality System for High Pressure Oil Sensor and Transducers while coordinated the production line.
Led all field return failure analysis investigations, prepared Customer investigation reports, and coordinated resolutions with customers including Ford, GM, Cummins, and VW.
Improved the production line for 400 PSIG and 200 PSIG oil Pressure Sensors for Cummins Engine resulting in validated company financial saving of $1.3M per year.
Perform the following Lab Tests For 10 years: 1) Vibration 2) Humidity 3) Decompression 4) Water Proofing 5) Fluids 6) Salt Spray 7) Acceleration 8) Solar Radiation 8) Temperature Variation 9) Sand/Dust 10) Icing and 11) ESD.
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Applied Science (Automated Manufacturing Technology) ITT Technical Institute CA, USA
AA (Electronics Engineering Technology) ITT Technical Institute CA, USA
MA in Geography University of Dhaka, Dhaka, Bangladesh
PROFESSIONAL TRAINING COMPLETED
AS/EN9100 Internal Auditor Training / Corrective Action Preventive Action (CAPA) Training
Mistake Proofing Technique / FOD Prevention Plan
Supplier Quality Management Plan. / APQP & PPAP
Risk Management and FMEA / Variable Measurement System Analysis (MSA)
Application of RCCA for Suppliers
KEY TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE
AS9100: 08 Years Experience in Internal Quality auditing: 06 Years
ISO 9001: 15 Years Quality monitoring and data analysis: 06 Years
MIL-STD-810: 08 Years NADCAP Certification 07 Years
MS Project: 10 Years MS Office (Excel, Word & Power Point) 10 Years
RTCA-DOD160: 08 Years ISO 14971: 06 Years
ISO 13485: 03 years ISO/TS 16949: 06 years

PROJECT COMPLETE
Improvement of Production Line Efficiency. CKT System Design & Manufacturing Inc. Winnetka, CA.
Information Technology Upgrade for PIF LLC, Porter Ranch, CA-91326.
Contact this candidate