Manjari Roy 678-***-**** ad771p@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/manjari-roy
QA Manager
A track record of success in the delivery of stable, quality products achieving real business value for customers as the leader of end-to-end testing planning and execution.
A Leader with a strong background in transforming staff into cohesive, skilled teams equipped with the tools, resources, and training needed to reach all objectives.
Comprehensive experience in reducing error and risk while accelerating performance through the introduction of new, automated technologies.
CORE EXPERTISE
Quality Assurance Cloud Computing Test Architecture & Strategies Team Leadership Mentorship Customer Engagement Release Management Agile Risk Analysis KPI Tracking Project Management Defect & Test Data Management Retail & Healthcare Domain
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
IBM 2017 – 2024
QA Manager
Ensured the delivery of stable, quality products as the leader of end-to-end test coordination with multi-tiered product architecture. Focused on high quality deliverables to drive customer satisfaction and performance. Leveraged collaboration with cross-functional teams to ensure a comprehensive approach to all progress. Defined test coverage for automated test suites while locating new opportunities for additional automation.
Overhauled a team structure to focus on quality of the feature delivered to the customer which required defining and implementing the amount of testing for each stage of code development in a sprint, setting up the entry/exit criteria for code promotion to the next environment, and adapting to resource changes.
Achieved stable code in production with zero major customer reported bugs with accelerated code promotion to production (increasing customer satisfaction) in a single sprint following the overhaul.
Streamlined manual UI tests through the introduction of a new, automated tool for UI-related, end-to-end, and smoke tests which directly resulted in streamlined debugging for failed tests.

IBM 2014 – 2017
QA Lead
Demonstrated continued success regarding customer engagement and satisfaction while coordinating with Macy’s technology teams during a colocation project with personal contributions including leading all test activities for the Attributes project and testing Business Rule Engine Services, Facet UI, and the overall conversion process.
Inherited and revitalized a 20+ QA team with onshore and offshore members from different vendors collaborating on the same client engagement which involved overhauling the team structure, designating points of contact, defining a Responsibility Chart, and leading teams to achieve deliverable improvements in just three months.
Adapted to a period of new team onboarding and hiring despite several projects beginning by equipping new staff with the tools and coaching needed for success per each project resulting in extremely productive teams.

IBM 2010 – 2013
QA Lead
Led all offshore QA activities for the Macy’s Advertising System project in Bangalore. Leveraged communication and interpersonal skills during presentations and discussions with Best Buy Canada on IBM India operations.
EDUCATION & CERTIFICATIONS
Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science and Engineering
Rajiv Gandhi Proudyogiki Vishwavidyalaya, Bhopal, India

Certifications
ISTQB Foundation
Agile Explorer
Enterprise Design Thinking Practitioner

PATENTS
Multiple Monitor Mouse Movement Assistant (11093101)
Temporal Access Authorization and Notification (11068566)
Validating Authorized Activities Approved by A Guardian (10977353)
Preventing Anonymous Theft by Drones (10672241&10475306)
Dual-test operator assessment (11299174)
AWARDS & DISTINCTIONS
Culture Catalyst Award, 2023
GIC Onsite Talent Award, 2019
GIC Onsite Assignee ‘Top Contributor Award’, 2014, 2015, 2016
Manager’s Choice Award, 2014, 2016
IBM Blue Thanks for Exceptional Mentoring
Abstract Submission for Retail Share Net
Orion Award for Eminence and Excellence Recognition
TECHNOLOGIES
Cypress Web Automation, Ansible, CI/CD, DevOps, Web and Mobile Testing, DB2, SQL, PostgreSQL, XML, JSON, ALM, JIRA, Slack, Swagger, Confluence, Postman, ServiceNow, GIT, SOAP Web Services, RESTful Web Services, Red Hat Enterprise Linux, Windows, Beginner in GenAI and Prompt engineering.
Contact this candidate