AUDREY ANDREWS

ad7d7y@r.postjobfree.com
(***) *** - 6142 Copley, OH

Professional Experience

Anavila Foods LLC. February 2024 - July 2024
Solon, OH
Quality Assurance Manager
●Setup SQF system
●Helped with work in Packing area.
●Environmental swabs

Garden of Flavor Oct. 1, 2023 - Dec. 29,
Cleveland, OH
Quality Assurance Manager
●Ordered Chemical supplies
●Employee Training
●Sr. Management Review
●pH meter, Refractometer, Pest trap check

Synova Oil March 2022 - January 5, 2023 Westerville, OH
Quality Assurance Coordinator
●Helped facility pass 2022 SQF Audit with score of 96.
●Backup/Secondary SQF Practitioner/PCQI
●Setup core documents - page header/footer, and Training program
●Performed Internal audit
●Wrote/setup missing documents
●Informed Primary SQF Practitioner of corrections needed for mandatory documents
●Back up for Lab

National Foods Packaging October 2018 - December 2021 Cleveland, OH
Quality Manager/PCQI
●Revised HACCP Plans
●Developed Hazards Analysis Charts
●Developed Preventitve Controls
●Developed and Upgraded Quality-Food Safety-Sanitation Forms
●Employee Training
●Internal & 3rd Party Audits, and accompanied ODA & FDA in Inspections
●Developed missing Programs
●Recall, Supplier Approval, Food Fraud, label reviews, etc.

Case Farms September 2016 – June 2018
Canton, OH
HACCP Coordinator
●Maintain HACCP Plans
●Back up for QA Supervisor
●Helped with BRC Audit
●Worked with USDA

Prairie Farms October 2015 – July 2016
Anderson, IN
Quality Assurance/Regulatory Manager
●Help prepare for SQF Re-Certification.
●Supervised Lab Technicians
●Prepared training for Employees
●PMO Training

Valley Foods, Inc. August 2014 – January 2015 Youngstown, OH
Quality Assurance Manager / QA Director
● Prepare for SQF Certification. Help prepare for Organic Audit including Retort pouch
● Helped with Label regulations, for Meat products
● Helped set up for Frozen Sandwich packaging, and documentation for Organic products.

Tee Pee Olives June 2011 - July 2014
Norfolk, VA
Quality Assurance Manager
● Prepared for SQF Audit Re-certifications.
● Developed Lab Technicians knowledge and techniques.
● Validated critical monitoring points of SQF system. Internal Auditing Training.
● Helped with Customer Complaints problem solving and investigation of plant issues.
● Research & Development - Solved issues for products, and items.

Interstate Brands July 2009 - June 2010
Akron, OH
Quality Assurance Manager
●Prepared the facility and management team for the BRC Audit – earned a rating of A, pass.
●Plant Management team member: chaired HACCP meetings, monthly mgmt meetings & facility inspection teams.
●Performed BRC Pre-Audits at sister companies.
●Updated QA, HACCP, AIB, and BRC Manuals as needed
●Helped with problem solving and investigation of plant issues

New Horizons Baking December 2006 - July 2009
Norwalk,OH Quality Assurance Manager (overseeing two manufacturing facilities [for 5 mos.] producing buns and muffins)
●Maintained, updated and made additions to the HACCP program.
●Conducted internal audits and arranged for and conducted outside audits (familiar with AIB regulations)
●Developed, and run laboratory (chemical and microbiological testing). Collection of data and reporting of laboratory results and graphs and reporting of SPC to upper management
●Maintenance of labels and additions to product database and raw food ingredients (Using Genesis SQL software). Use of 21 CFR, rules and regulations. Use of Allergen control program. Taught ServSafe -class of 6, all got a passing grade.
●Annual training to company departments of Prerequisites programs and Monthly Inspections meeting with management. Took lead in developing and starting the implementation of SQF (Safe Quality Foods).(Level 3) - SQF Audit -rated 98.0 Helped with problem solving and investigation of plant issues.

Harry London Inc. August 2005 - February 2006
North Canton, OH
Quality Control Manager
●Responsible for maintenance of product database of raw food ingredients.
●Reviewed new and existing labels for nutritional accuracy using all legal compliance.
●Supervised Technicians. Maintained Product Retains, NC and CAR Programs.
Frozen Specialties Inc. November 2004-August 2005
Archbold, OH
Quality Assurance Supervisor
●Supervised staff
●Worked with USDA.

PEN Products /Food Ind. July 2003 -November 2004
Pendleton, IN
Quality Assurance Specialist
●Supervised several QA Technicians. solved problem of not fully hydrated powders. Experience in quality and testing of product from the departments of Fruit and Vegetables, Bakery, Creamery, and meat.

Education
●Bachelor Degree -Food Science, University of Akron, Akron, Ohio. 2002.
Associate Degree – Applied Chemical Technology, University of Akron, Akron, Ohio.

Skills, and Services
●Computer software - Window Office
●Genesis SQL - Labeling Software
●ServSafe (Food Safety) certification.
●Experior, Foodboss LLC- HACCP Manager Certified.
●U.S. Food Labeling Seminar, Food Institute.
●AIB Advance HACCP.
●AIB Building your HACCP program
●AIB Food Defense Coordinator
●AIB Food Regulatory Labeling Seminar
●SQF Training Certified (Practitioner)
●Process Capability and Control
●Internal Auditing Training
●Better Processing Control School -October 2014.
●Pasteurization Workshop – December 7 – 10, 2015.
●Dairy Plant Food Safety Workshop – February 2016.
●Testing of Pasteurization Equipment – March 7 - 8, 2016. PMO Training.
●FSMA Training (PCQI)– May 2016.
●FSMA Training (PCQI)- November 2019.

Award:
Outstanding Senior in Food & Con. Sciences – University of Akron 2002.
Contact this candidate