Immediately Available with Transferable Iqama
Email: ad7gtl@r.postjobfree.com
NIDHIN KARAPPILLY SUBRAN
QA/QC MANAGER
Riyadh, Saudi Arabia
Mob: +966*********
Email: ad7gtl@r.postjobfree.com
Work for any of Construction organization, which provides me the opportunity to improve my skills and knowledge to grow along with the organization objective to implement my knowledge in an expedient environment that can provide me greater opportunities and continual up-gradation of my aptitude and interpersonal skills to do constructive work. A versatile, high-energy QA/QC Professional with Over 16+ Years of GCC experience in mega construction projects. Deep Knowledge about ISO 9001/14001/18001, ASME, ANSI, ASTM, NFPA, ASNT, NEBOSH, IOSH and similar organizations and with a distinction of executing prestigious projects of large magnitude within strict time schedules, cost & quality with a natural sense of urgency and the ability to anticipate, identify and respond to changing business priorities.
ROLLS & RESPONSIBILITIES
Ensuring implementation of the Quality Management System to establish Company Quality Plan including Quality Policy (based on Corp. QHSE Policy) and continually improve it.
Providing support to management and supervision of the company's business units on quality related issues.
Advising on setting up the improvement guidelines for Company Quality Management System to employees.
Providing indoctrination & training to company personnel to support the implementation of quality programs.
Consulting and negotiating with clients to prepare specifications, explaining proposals and present engineering reports and findings.
Collaborating with the Company's Director of Quality Assurance for the development of quality systems and certification processes.
Regularly Interfacing with the Company's Directors of Quality Assurance on the corporate Quality Assurance mandate.
Interfacing with regulators and client auditors as required ensuring ongoing compliance with applicable legislation, quality standards and client specifications and the execution of corrective actions in order to maintain quality program registrations.
Establishing Project Quality audit program & schedule and perform the Project Quality Audit within the project organization.
Reporting the Project Quality Audit Results to Corporate QHSE Team Leader and Project Manager.
Monitoring Company Quality System activities such as Site Quality activities based on Companies Management system and Project requirements.
Ensuring quality systems, processes and documentation employed on site comply with Corporate Policy.
Responsible for meeting the obligations of contract and client satisfactions with respect to quality assurance.
Monitoring and advising on how the quality program is performing.
Coordinating and communicating with Client and Subcontractors on Project Quality issues
Writing and maintaining various formal quality management documents such as manuals, policies, procedures, plans, checklists and records appropriate to existing and emerging regulator, client and internal needs.
Producing and developing the Project Quality Training Plan. Ensuring implementation of the plan. Ensuring that training records are maintained.
Developing and monitoring in conjunction with Operations, the execution of project quality plans and documents, including compliance by subcontractors.
Reporting the performance status of Project Quality activities and relevant issues to the Corporate QHSE Team Leader and Project Manager.
Ensuring that Quality Management is applied in line with the Project Design Criteria to the Engineering, Procurement, Construction and Pre Commissioning/Commissioning phases of the Project.
Responsible for investigation, evaluation, trending and appropriate corrective action for customer quality related complaints.
Ensuring effective delegation and coordination of direct reporting activities and assign task to Inspection and support personnel.
Developing KPIs and ensures consistency in reporting across Corporate QHSE Management System. Immediately Available with Transferable Iqama
Email: ad7gtl@r.postjobfree.com
WORK EXPERIENCE & HISTORY
COMPANY NAME DESIGNATION PROJECT NAME PROJECT BRIEF SHAPOORJI PALLONJI
MIDEAST LLC
(JUL 2020 – JUN 2024)
REGIONAL QHSE
MANAGER
Red Sea International
Airport Project, Saudi
Arabia
The Red Sea Project is an ambitious tourism and
hospitality projects, with a new luxury destination being created on a vast natural landscape along the Red Sea. The Red Sea International Airport is set to serve one million passengers annually by the project's completion in 2030, with a peak capacity of 900
passengers per hour.
Red Sea Global Amaala
Project Saudi Arabia
AMAALA will have over 3,000 hotel rooms across 25
hotels, 943 luxury residential villas, as well as high- end retail and food outlets, a yacht club, wellness, and recreational facilities.
King Abdullah Financial
District (KAFD) Project,
Riyadh
KAFD comprises over 60 futuristic towers, including the PIF Tower, which stands at a magnificent height of 385m, and the KAFD World Trade Centre, standing at 304m.
AE ARMA
ELEKTROPANC LLC
(MAR 2016 - MAY 2020)
QA/QC MANAGER
SLS Hotel & Hotel
Apartments Project,
Business Bay, Dubai
The project involves the construction of a hotel and residences tower located in Business Bay, Dubai. The 336-meter tower will comprise 77 floors. (5 basement levels, a ground floor, 4 parking levels, 3 mechanical floors, 68 additional floors, and a roof with a built-up area of 184,778 square meters) The tower will be
comprised of 254 designed hotel rooms, 371
residential units and 321 hotel apartments. An eco- friendly tower.
Al Maktoum
International Airport
Passenger Terminal
Expansion Project,
Dubai
The first phase of this project increases the built up area of the Passenger Terminal Building from the
existing 66,107 sqm to 145,926 sqm. The proposed
work includes a new immigration hall with 55
counters. Public hall, commercial areas and offices, 74 check-in counters.
River Land, Dubai Parks
And Resorts Project,
UAE
River land Dubai will connect the three theme parks and water park at Dubai Parks and Resorts. It will feature a wide range of restaurants and retail shops, coupled with planned street entertainment, making it the perfect place for families and friends to come together, relax and recharge.
BK GULF LLC
(MAR 2008 - MAR 2016)
Sr. QA/QC
ENGINEER
Abu Dhabi International
Airport Midfield Terminal
Building Project, Abu
Dhabi
The mid-terminal complex at Abu Dhabi International Airport will have an area of 702,369m2. An area of 800,000m2 will be dedicated for the cargo building, which will have a capacity to park 16 to 20 aircraft. The piers of the MTC building will be able to
accommodate 65 large aircraft, such as the Airbus A- 380. The 165 conventional check-in counters installed in the building can handle 8,500 passengers per hour. National Museum of Qatar
Project, Doha / Qatar
The project involves construction of 1.2 million square foot landscaped park. The museum will provide 86,
000 square foot space for permanent presentations
and a gallery with 21, 500 square feet for temporary presentations.
The Dubai Mall Project -
UAE
Dubai Mall is one of the largest retail shopping malls in the world. Containing a mixture of urban design principles, this amazing structure contains more than 1000 stores and offers leisure area attractions
including a shark tank, an Olympic size skating rink and theme park. Stretching over 1,114,800m2 with a floor area of 548,110m2
Immediately Available with Transferable Iqama
Email: ad7gtl@r.postjobfree.com
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor of Technology in Mechanical Engineering, TKM College of Engineering, Kerala, India -2007
Diploma in Mechanical Engineering, State Board of Technical Education and Training, Kerala - 2003 SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE
ISO 9001 Quality Management System Lead Auditor Training Certification Course
ISO 14001 Environmental Management System Certification Course
ISO 45001 is an international standard for health and safety Certification Course
NEBOSH International General Certificate in Occupational Health and Safety
IOSH Level 3 Certificate in OSH Principles and Practice Membership
AWS QC1 Standard for Welding Inspector Training Certification Course
ASME (American Society of Mechanical Engineers) Standards
ASTM (American Society for Testing and Materials) Standards
ASHRAE (American Society of Heating, Refrigerating and Air-Conditioning Engineers)
ANSI (American National Standards Institute)
NFPA (National Fire Protection Association) codes, & NFPA 13 for sprinkler systems
LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) standards
Familiarity with developing, implementing, and maintaining QMS processes. PERSONAL DETAILS
Name : Nidhin Karappilly Subran
Nationality : Indian
Date of Birth : 27.12. 1985
Passport No : Y1901309
Date of Expiry : 18.04.2034
Driving License : KSA & UAE Driving License.
Language known : English, Arabic, Hindi, Malayalam & Tamil DECLARATION
I hereby declare that the above entries made by me are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. Place: Riyadh Nidhin Karappilly Subran
Contact this candidate