Quality Assurance Manager
***th Communication Squadron February 2022-Present
Weekly Hours: 40-50 hrs. Grade: GS 0301 12
Serves as the 794th Communication Squadron Quality Assurance Manager responsible for the drafting and execution of the 844th Communication Groups quality management system. Researches and applies quality planning across the broad spectrum of various assigned systems at the depot and associated locations, both Joint Base Anacostia Bolling (JBAB) and Andrews Air Force Base. Facilitates the integration of the quality management system and the environmental management system.
Responsibilities involve quality management throughout development, procurement, production, supply, and maintenance missions at Joint Base Anacostia Bolling.
Serves as the Director of Quality Assurance and executive leader responsible for all quality matters at Joint Base Anacostia Bolling and the 844 Communication Group aligned with the depot. Manages and directs a quality assurance program for a highly industrialized Base complex engaged in the maintenance, repair, and/or overhaul of assemblies, sub-assemblies, accessories, components, and parts of various Communication systems in accordance with the base maintenance overhaul concept. The program includes such functional areas as the installation of quality systems, the development and installation of process specifications/standards, and the analysis of such systems through audits, process analysis and surveillance. These quality systems require a wide variety of process controls, in-process surveillance, and final inspections due to the numerous variations in level of repair. Research, designs, plans, coordinates, executes, and evaluates the squadrons quality efforts. Plans for new or improved techniques to improve quality/productivity/reliability and reduce quality costs during all phases of the life cycle of tactical communication systems, air defense missile systems, and associated ground support equipment. Develops plans to measure the effectiveness of the quality management system as it applies to multi-functional programs for various Major Commands (TACOM, AMCOM, CECOM) and other uniformed services. Develops internal procedures and controls and establishes quality policies. Executes day-to-day planning and tasks based on overall mission objectives, priorities, and skills and availability of support personnel. Provides leadership on new quality initiatives to determine in what situations they should be applied and how to implement them most effectively.
Provides direct communication between the depot and Major Subordinate Commands, other uniform services, and private industry on all quality related issues. Serves as technical expert and consultant on Quality Assurance to the command group and Project Managers. Identifies QA problems, both potential and actual, analyzes the problem, determines the various alternatives with pros and cons of each, and recommends the optimum methods of extending the prevention approach to quality in lieu of the inspection approach. Responsible for the development, implementation, and maintenance of quality assurance provisions, drawing QA requirements, and Technical Data Package (TDP) requirements. Responsible for the quality assurance portion of all contracts, scope of work, inspection/acceptance, data items, and special provisions. Coordinates QA support for all configuration reviews of the TDP and assures follow-up of all quality corrective actions. Participates, or arranges for participations, in Pre-production Planning Boards, and Material Review Boards (MRBs). Responsible for the product assurance recommendations on all Engineering Change Proposals (ECPs), Request for Deviation/Waiver, and Value Change Proposals and serves as the chairperson for the Corrective Action Board.
Responsible for the pre-inspection, in-process, and final test and inspection of integrated support equipment. Determines the sequence, priority, and time for the performance of operations within the limits of broader work schedules and time limits. Serves as the billing official for the Government card program by reviewing and approving all card holder purchases and certifying billing official statements to ensure that all cardholders are following established contracting procedures.
Provides supervisory duties for the Directorate of Quality/Product Assurance for employees, to include time and attendance, and budgetary management. Develops basic budgetary data and audit plans for internal operations and reviews. Serves as the Base career program manager for Quality and Reliability Assurance career program (CP15). Actively supports special emphasis programs (e.g. ISO9000, ISO14001, Lean Six Sigma) and sustains their effectiveness throughout the organization.

Quality Assurance Manager January 2019- February 2022
405th Army Field Support Brigade, Kaiserslautern, Germany
Weekly Hours: 50 hrs. Grade: GS 1910 12
Serves as the 405th Army Field Support Brigade Quality Assurance Manager for the Army Preposition Stock–2 (APS-2). Is responsible for developing, coordinating, implementing, and monitoring the contract quality assurance program and surveillance systems for support of expeditionary and installation contracts. Incumbent is a technical expert and advisor to the commander, installation directors, contracting officers, contracting officer representatives (COR) on matters of contract-quality assurance and surveillance. Establishes and maintains professional working relationships to ensure monitoring and evaluation of contractor performance is adequate. Serves as the coach/facilitator for all team initiatives, to include articulating how the quality assurance program meets/supports the organization's mission, vision, and values. Responsible for informing supervisor of performance management issues with recommendations. Responsible for developing and implementing the overall quality assurance strategy to assess the effectiveness of contractors' performed services and functions. Serves as a subject matter expert of technical and COR performance information. Develops, schedules, and provides acquisition training focusing on COR duties and responsibilities that impact contracting activities. Provides acquisition technical support to designate military and civilian COR and contracting officers in all matters related to quality and contract surveillance to ensure that delivery and performance of contractor provided services adheres to contract terms and conditions. Analyzes statistical data and performs objective reviews of the quality assurance program to verify adequacy, effectiveness and compliance with regulations and policies. Performs process measurement planning for data collection and analysis. Provides technical and administrative advice to military counterparts involving implementation of the quality assurance program. As the subject matter expert, the incumbent provides training to junior QA specialists and QA representatives in all areas related to quality assurance and contract management matters. Responsible for briefing all team members on the result of meeting with leadership and supported agencies, to include milestones, deadlines. Leads team discussions on planning to support mission requirements.
Serves as an advisor to the Brigade commander/supervisor on all matters pertaining to supply and services support. Develops methods and procedures to accomplish assigned workloads and the program administration. Provides technical advice and problem resolutions to subordinates. Provides accurate status and progress reports within time limits established. Performs internal control review of vulnerability assessments. Serves as the liaison between the major command elements and the supported units in managing the supply and services programs. Represents the command at meetings and conferences to include special quality planning and in progress improvement reviews. Prepares and conducts briefings as needed. Works with military and civilian counterparts in a spirit of teamwork to measure and continuously improve processes and resulting in quality performance. Participates in and provides input for numerous quality meetings.

Brigade Training Coordinator May 2016- Jan 2019
405th Army Field Support Brigade, Kaiserslautern, GS 0301 12
Weekly Hrs.: 40/60
Provided program oversight and technical advice to the Command and staff on all aspects of oversight, coordination, and integration of training requirements across the 405th Army Field Support Brigade and subordinate Battalions and Logistic Readiness Centers (LRC) in the development of training programs, plans and exercises to meet our ASC assigned missions. I was responsibilities for instructing and facilitating leadership development and professional skills training programs. As the 405th AFSB facilitator and training program manager responsible for evaluating and managing leader development related programs, materials, and processes in concert with the training syllabuses, project requirements, and established guidelines to ensure consistency throughout the command. I utilized required training systems such as Training Education Development (TED) database, Army Training Requirements and Resources System (ATRRS), Army Training Management System, Digital Training Management System (DTMS) to manage, track and completed training program & course requirements. I was responsible for students for leadership, professional skills, mandatory training and other related classes and coordinates training preparations for classes held locally. I facilitated classroom training for selected modules. Maintained, track, and report statistics for various projects, taskers, surveys, and training needs analysis studies for the command.
Developed a variety of correspondence and other documentation such as position papers, reports, charts, etc. related to leader development. I compiled, manage, and track annual fiscal training budget requirements. The 405th AFSB recognized me as a technical authority across the command. I advised management on difficult problems, conducted special studies, and proposed options and alternatives for the Command. Facilitated significant customer driven, results oriented quality improvement activities in support of the various employee development and engagement strategies, as appropriate, across the command. Provided guidance and instruction while assuring team(s) use an organized, structured, and robust procedural methodology to provide recommendations, solutions, and process controls. Was responsible for implementing quantitative and qualitative methods within the scope of the respective project and reporting of results. Responsible for analysis, facilitation, reporting, and providing recommendations for improving quality, training, reducing costs, and establishing appropriate process metrics and process controls. Worked with mid-level to senior leadership as change agent in assuring, directing, and performing the steps necessary to create business cases based on objective data within the framework of the procedural methodology. Provided input to operating budgets within established timeframes. Prepared a variety of correspondence and other documentation such as position papers, reports, charts, etc.

Quality Assurance Team Lead June 2015 – May 2016
405th Army Field Support Battalion GS 1910 11
Weekly Hrs. 40hrs
Served as the 405th Army Field Support Battalion Quality Assurance Management with the responsibility for the overall planning, directing, coordinating, and controlling quality assurance and quality inspection of work. Work consists of inspecting primarily for the Army Field Support Brigade as well for the Army Sustainment Command (ASC) National Maintenance Program and for DA Pre-propositioned Stocks. Work performed by divisions consisting of: Performing verification inspections on all equipment that is received, stored, repaired/modified, and shipped by USAMSC-K to assure that all materiel shipped to EUSA units or repaired and returned to the supply system meets established standards and serviceability criteria, Operates the MSC-K Technical Library and maintaining in excess of 50,000 technical publications, Performing quality assurance functions consisting of processing customer complaints, maintaining quality history files, preparing routine and special statistical reports, performing special studies, performing audits to determine compliance with established procedures and regulations, developing and maintaining the standards file used in determining the appropriate criteria for inspecting materiel in all phases of maintenance and supply operations, and assisting division chiefs in developing inspection plans and check sheets, Serves as the MSC-K Test, Measurement, and Diagnostic Equipment (TMDE) support coordinator responsible for assuring that all directorates owning devices which require calibration comply with EUSA regulations, Serves as the MSC-K configuration control officer responsible for assuring all elements at MSC-K comply with EUSA regulations for applying Modification Work Orders to equipment in storage and/or being repaired, and manages and coordinates the implementation of and maintains the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 9001:2015 program. Participated in the development, installation, administration, implementation and application of quality assurance and acceptance inspection programs, policies and procedures and give technical guidance and service to all facilities accomplishing maintenance and repair work. Coordinated with and utilized work products of subordinate specialist personnel in the conduct of studies required to develop guidelines essential to an effective quality assurance program. Assured, through these personnel, the planning and development of overall maintenance guidance to provide comprehensive coverage for all items received, returned to user or issued from MSC stocks. Directed implementation of interim test procedures required to inspect materiel in the absence of applicable or adaptable inspection standards and submits to higher authority for approval. Coordinated with other MSC activities the study and development of operating policies and plans designed to meet the integrated needs of each function in assuring quality is maintained. Standards, operating policies and procedures designed to facilitate quality management of APS-2 missions, mutual exchange of information and the conduct of respective programs.

Division Maintenance/Procurment Manager January 1989-February 2012
First Army Division West, Fort Hood Texas Master Sergeant/E8
Weekly Hours: 60-

Served as Division Maintenance Manager (91X) for the First Army Division West executing supervision, coordination, and control over all logistics aspects of field level maintenance support to the TRADOC tactical equipment training fleet and other assigned equipment which encompasses the functional areas of maintenance, STAMIS (GCSS-Army) operations, transportation, property accountability, and supply. As the Division maintenance manager, I had delegated authority for planning, managing, coordinating, and directing field level logistical services and maintenance support for the Battalions. Employed full authority for management of the Battalions training support, logistics, and maintenance missions. Directed the activities of the First Army Division West logistics maintenance staff consisting of civilian employees and contractors through subordinate supervisors and leaders. Supervises a variety of occupations including technical, administrative, supervisory, Federal Wage employees and clerical. Financial responsibility encompasses operations, maintenance appropriations, and general budget oversight. Responsibility included control of all associated organic support equipment and mission support property. In coordination with First Army DIV West G4, followed policy for First Army logistics support and training requirements with installation logistics activities to support the requirements. Serves as the functional chief and subject matter expert for logistics and field level maintenance support of the First Army Division West training support. Provided management for executing logistical functions of weapons, fuel, maintenance, and transportation in support of the First Army Division West training base. Ensure all maintenance programs are in strict compliance with Army regulations, DA readiness standards, Army Materiel Command (AMC), TACOM-Life Cycle. I Planned and Directed Operations: In conjunction with TSO, provided advised and guided the subordinate workforce, commercial contractor, supported units, and the command structure concerning policies, plans, requirements, and objectives of the field-level tactical equipment maintenance program. Initiates action to insure planning and implementation of the programs and the resolution of problems in critical areas. Applied knowledge of interrelated activities, reviewed proposed new or revised policies for overall adequacy and makes revisions if needed. Drafted policies on matters that are not clearly the responsibility of a specific segment. Conducted conferences and/or causes investigations and/or periodic reviews to evaluate effectiveness of the logistical and material readiness programs to identify critical areas, determines courses of corrective or initial action, and develops long-range, intermediate, or short-range plans. Discusses administrative and operational problems with internal and external organizations and works with them to resolve problems, referring to the TSO those requiring his/her attention. Keeps supervisor informed on status of overall activities and actions taken. Performed Advisory and Liaison Functions: Attends key decision and/or policymaking conferences on logistical field level maintenance planning and support requirements for the assigned mission at the local and higher headquarters levels, on an as required basis. Made presentations and recommendations on courses of action in developing plans to meet mission requirements, defending the installation's position in conducting the various programs, and in resolving problem areas. Represented First Army in any meetings on or off post with the authority to make decisions and/or commitments as determined. Promotes acceptance and adherence to such programs as Equal Opportunity, employment of the handicapped, and other similar emphasis programs. Discussed with internal and external organizations immediate and long-range plans and lends assistance on major problem areas. Evaluates work accomplished by either in-house or contractor operations as well as the Division itself for the adequacy and effectiveness in meeting program and regulatory requirements. Plans, directs, coordinates, reviews, and supervises the work of personnel engaged in logistics planning, planning for contingencies, and training base expansion, establishing and implementing two-level maintenance and supply policy and procedures. Coordinates and integrated First Army training support, leader development, and individual training requirements for the command. I took a direct role in supporting the Sustainable Readiness Model (SRM) process, from providing expert training assessments to Requirements Integration and Sourcing, direct involvement in the Training Support and Resourcing phase, to supporting the development of risks assessments and mitigation strategies for the TGOSC. Reviews policies, instructions and procedures resulting in far Reviews policies, and procedures resulting in far reaching and precedent setting effective method.
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science Business Management
Trident University International, Cypress, California
February 2012
Magna cum Laude
Master of Science Business Management June 2015
Trident University International, Cypress California
DTMS MANAGER COURSE
Army Training Management System, Rose Barracks, Vilseck, Germany
January 2017
MASTER RESILIENCE TRAINING
MASTER RESILIENCE TRAINING, Fort Hood, Texas
March 2010
GCSS-ARMY PLANT MAINTENANCE MANAGER
Army Training Requirements and Resources System
November 2009
QUALITY ASSURANCE BASICS
DAU CAPITAL AND NORTHEAST REGION, Ft Belvoir, VA
July 2015
GOVERNMENT CONTRACT QUALITY ASSURANCE
ATTRS, Mannheim, Germany
July 2015
PREDICTIVE ANALYSIS & QUALITY ASSURANCE
DAU, Mannheim, Germany
August 2015
QUALITY ASSURANCE AUDITING
August 2015
Contact this candidate