Mark Strittmatter
*** ******* ******* ***, *****, TX, 75098, US
ad7iyb@r.postjobfree.com
903-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Have a Strong Point in the Utilization of My Time.
Construction foreman with experience ensuring that work complies with all applicable codes.
Working in a fast-paced environment
Excellent work ethic and dedication to excellence.
Reliable work history and a proven track record of good attendance.
SKILLS
Plan Review Basic math and measuring aptitude
Quality assurance Microsoft Word
Safety knowledge Microsoft Excel
Problem solving Microsoft Project Manager
EDUCATION
Civil Engineering - Some college (No degree)
Dallas College Mountain View Campus - Dallas, TX
High School - 1977
R. L. Turner High School - Carrollton, TX

WORK HISTORY
Assistant Superintendent - October 2023 to May 2024
Carleton Construction Company - Dallas, Rd
Manage and Coordinate Daily Construction Operations
Run weekly Safety Meetings with All Trades
Take overall site Management and Team Leadership
Responsible for supervising all on site Trades and Personnel
Communication of the Ongoing Evolution of the Project Milestones and Reports
Communication with Project Managers regarding construction activities
Work with Project Engineer to ensure submittal and clarification answers are kept current
Site Management and Coordination
Creation of daily reports and pictorial documenting progress and issues

Assistant Superintendent - February, 2016 to May, 2023
Alliance Residential Company - Dallas - Dallas,TX
Read, understood, and followed written instructions to the letter.
Reviewed engineering documentation to determine the order of construction operations.
Ensured proper installation by reading blueprints accurately.
Was able to maintain positive relationships with all Trades
Kept track of safety compliance to maintain high standards and keep team members safe.
Interpret and Understand Plans, Specs, and Submittals, and Hold Subs Accountable for their Contractual Obligations.
Oversee and Evaluate Subcontractor Performance.
Review Daily Activity Reports for Completeness and Accuracy
Provide oversight for Proper installation and Detailing of Building Envelope Systems including Framing, Sheathing, Waterproofing, Windows, and Masonr
Construction Materials Technician - May 2011 to February 2016
Fargo Consultants Inc - Dallas, TX
Read and understood the plans and technical documentation for each job.
Perform Testing and inspection on Soil, Concrete, and Asphalt
Performed Concrete Testing for Quality Assurance
Performed Post Tension Stressing on Slabs
Review Test Procedures, Plans, Specifications, General Notes, and Shop / Working Drawings for Assigned Activities before Performing Assigned Duties.
Prepare Accurate, Legible, Comprehensive, and Complete Inspection Reports on Accordance with
Established Procedures, and Specifications
Performed Reinforcing Steel inspections according to Plans and Specifications.
Construction Materials Technician - July 2008 to May 2011 Fugro Consultants - Dallas, TX
Read and understood the plans and technical documentation for each job.
Conducted Field Density Testing on Building Pads and Utilities
Performed Concrete Testing on Building Slabs and Various Flatwork
Performed Post Tension Testing on
Performed Reinforcing Steel inspections according to Plans and Specifications
Prepare Accurate, Legible, Comprehensive, and Complete Inspection Reports by Established Procedures, and Specifications.
Review Test Procedures, Plans, Specifications, General Notes, and Shop / Working Drawings Before Performing Assigned Duties.

Land Development Project Manager - October 2000 to January 2008
Robson Denton Development - Denton, TX
Was in charge of overseeing creative projects from conception to completion, as well as overseeing Subcontractors
Observed excavation and installation of All Utilities in Compliance with City Specifications.
Oversee the Development of Lots for a 3000-acre site.
Did Budgets and Scheduling for All Future Subdivisions
Worked with the Construction Department, and Sales Department to make sure that All Lots and Subdivisions met the Schedule.
Conducted SWPPP Inspections after Rainfall, and Biweekly Inspections
Contact this candidate