Scott Black

Indianapolis, IN 317-***-**** ad7jpt@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Highly motivated professional possessing 20 years in a Managerial role resulting in streamlined policies and procedures. Using skills that include fast-paced teamwork, driven, innovated idealistic, causing creative strategies with strong skill set for team communication and workplace solutions.

SKILLS

Program Management Conflict Resolution Management (7-15 Personal) Quality Assurance Project Development and Analysis Facility Administrator Claims (review, audit, resolution) Auditor
Programs: Matrix, Saleforce. Web Interchange, Hi-Tech, ZerMed, MPass, Microsoft Office (Advanced), ADP, PeopleSoft, UltiPro, Kronos, Procontractor,

PROFESSIONAL WORK EXPERIENCE

Assistant Project Manager Midwestern Electric, inc 02/2024-Current
oLiaising with project stakeholders concerning project details and deliverables
oAssisting in the planning and implementation of projects
oHelping to coordinate and manage project tasks and deliverables
oAnalyzing data as required
oConducting administrative duties, such as setting up meetings, drafting invoices and drawing estimates
oTracking and reporting project progress
oPerforming other duties assigned by the Project Manager in an orderly and efficient manner
oPerforming administrative tasks as required, including preparing estimates and invoices and keeping track of the project’s progress, usually with the help of specific software
oReporting to the project manager on the project’s progress through all stages
oSupporting team members by researching project information
oUpdating and reporting on the project’s schedule progress, budget, and spending
oCollaborating with stakeholders about their needs and goals for the project
Project Administrator Poindexter Excavating 03/202-Current

•Estimating
oRequest pricing from Subcontractors and Suppliers-as requested from estimators.
oOrder Bid Bond, Surety Letters, and Power of Attorney-as requested from estimators.
oComplete Bid Package-for prime bids as requested from estimators, ex: Form 96, Proposal:
o
oitemized with unit price, Subcontractor and Supplier list, Job List, Contractor Qualifications packet, W-9, Affirmative Action Plan.
oProject Set up.
oAssign project number, complete set up in assigned computer system, Submit common wage Scale to Accounting.
oSet up target funds with accounting personnel.
oObtain material Supplier and Subcontractor Quotes, create spreadsheets comparing price for each
omaterial buy and Subcontractor Award. Create and maintain job setup binders for project manager and foreman. Receive and Execute Contract Agreements from Clients/ Owners
o
oProject Close Out
oVerify outstanding charges, change orders, are complete, run final charge ledger.
oCreate and organize final Over and Under runs.
oLog and store hard copy of job portfolio and subcontractors file in storage.

Statewide Grievance Coordinator, Centurion, Indianapolis, IN
07/2021 – 11/2021
oServed as liaison between inmates and Dept of Corrections for grievance program.
oConducted 3rd party evaluations to solve the grievances of the inmates.
oSupported client’s grievance initiatives through data collection, and analysis.
oDeveloped and managed multidisciplinary grievance committee, including scheduling of data collection.
oSuccessfully tracked trends and data, identifying patterns in patients, service, and morbidity and mortality
oCreated and assisted in grievance auditing tools and study processes.
oMonitored patient and process performance, identifying improvements and corrective action required.
oDisseminated grievance findings to medical director and staff concisely reflecting study findings and data
oOrganized, set up, and led executive weekly meetings to track information and create procedure and policy to set trends and regulations.
oManaged Regional office executive PCARD monthly budget, and reconciliation.
oManaged catering, lodging, and all travel arrangements for Vice President of operations, and executive personnel.
oManaged VPOs calendar, messages, and prioritized daily functions for efficient and most effective use of resources with a tri-level color scheme of importance.
oCreated, proofed, and set up meetings, training rooms, for meetings, training, and other office functions.
oManaged payroll entry, monthly worked hours, overtime hours, and all special pay reconciliation to corporate for regional office.
Sales Audit Coordinator, Martin Marietta, Carmel, IN
01/2017 – 06/2021
oAudited and processed over 500 sales contracts monthly, accurately relating financial results to the accounting team and CFO.
oResponsible for approval verifications of non-quoted sales material, resulting in smoother customer satisfaction/retention.
oPrecisely monitored and maintained data, including sales dates and closing processes
oCohesive teamwork with sales managers, customers, title companies and lenders for sales success
oCoordinated project scheduling between sales and construction department ensuring timely completion
oPrepared and distributed all scheduled reports resulting in revenue data analysis, to all Executive committee.
oResponsible for critical aspects of the closing process to include Update AP/AR, Expense accounts, Reconcile general ledger, petty cash/incoming cash/credit, close/open month
oManaged 12 direct reports

Facility Coordinator, Magnolia Healthcare, Carmel, IN
11/2015 – 01/2017
oAccount analysis: Including supervision of resident trust funds.
oManaged 7-10 personnel regarding benefits programs and confidential data.
oMonitored and ensured accurate billing and tracking of operational costs.
oMonitored and maintained accurate records for auditing.
oEnsured cohesive communication with clients for correct fund allocation.
oSuccessfully tracked and maintained account reconciliations, resolving 100% discrepancies ensuring compliance
oPrepared and maintained accounts receivables ensuring compliance and security.
oDeveloped A/R recovery system resulting in tickler system, for lost revenue.

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

VIRGINIA CAREERS INSTITUTE
Tech Certificate: Practical Nurse – Certificate Completed – Indiana Unlicensed
INDIANA NOTARY

AMERICAN LEGION VOLUNTEER

VFW VOLUNTEER

US NAVY VETERAN
Contact this candidate