Ankita Kapadia
** ******** ****,
Billerica, MA *1862
ad7n3e@r.postjobfree.com
339-***-****
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ankita-kapadia
Objective
Results-driven Lab Manager with extensive experience in managing lab activities, ensuring compliance with quality standards and regulations, and optimizing lab operations. Seeking to leverage my expertise in laboratory management, inventory control, and process improvement to contribute to the success of company.
Professional Experience
Lab Manager
CBSET, Inc., Lexington, MA
May 2021-Present

Scheduled, supervised, and coordinated the activities of lab personnel to ensure work met established quality standards and regulatory requirements, while consistently delivering on-time results.
Maintained a safe and efficient work environment by managing lab inventories, coordinating equipment maintenance, and optimizing lab workflows.
Review study protocols, update standard operating procedures, and ensure laboratory readiness for inspections and audits.
Serve as the primary point of contact for external clients, addressing inquiries, resolving issues, and developing new testing methods and procedures.
Manage laboratory technicians, overseeing hiring, training, performance evaluation, and scheduling.
Lead validation processes for analyzers like Sysmex XN-1000 and Cobas C 311 platforms

Medical Technologist
Cambridge Health Alliance, Cambridge, MA
Jun 2016 - Apr 2021
Conducted a wide range of laboratory tests and examinations as a generalist lab technologist, ensuring accuracy and efficiency.
Demonstrated expertise in microscopic examinations, flow cytometry, coagulation testing, and phlebotomy procedures.
Managed quality assurance programs, including proficiency testing, to uphold the accuracy of laboratory results.
Effectively communicated critical lab results to physicians, and nursing staff in a timely and accurate manner.
Provided training and supervision to new staff members and students, fostering their professional development.
Education
Bachelor of Science B.P. Baria Science Institute, Navsari, Gujarat, India April 2002 - May 2005
P.G. Diploma in Medical Laboratory South Gujarat Institute of Medical Sciences, Navsari, Gujarat, India Jun 2005 - May 2006
Skills
Laboratory Management
Quality Assurance & Compliance
Inventory Management
Equipment Maintenance
Process Improvement
Supplier Relationship Management
Cost Analysis
Risk Management
Team Leadership
Laboratory Standards & Practices

Certifications
American Society for Clinical Pathology (ASCPi) – MLT, Passed in Sep 2010
Technical skills
Software: Outlook, word, Excel, Microsoft Office, Wam, Meditach, centalink, cellvivion
Instruments: ACLTop, Sysmex XN-100,Sysmex, XE-5000 and XN, SP-1000i,SP-50, Clinitek, Advantus, Cobas C311,Vista,Echo,Osmometer,Mini Vidas, Advia Centaur, SQA-vision,BD Facs-SPA,Canto, Aerospray.
Contact this candidate