BABALAKIN KAMIL ADEKUNLE

Tel: 080********
E-mail: ad7o9v@r.postjobfree.com, ad7o9v@r.postjobfree.com

I am a highly sound and experienced Engineering professional with over 13 years of progressive supervisory and technical experience in Facility/assets, heavy duty and light duty maintenance, machinery maintenance, electro-mechanical equipment repair, transportation management etc.
Prepared to travel. Results oriented with proven track records of achievements and consistent contributions towards efficient and cost control measures that align with company’s budget through expertise in:

Team Building & Leadership
Multitasking skills
Diagnostic & Troubleshooting
Problem-Solving
Quality Assurance
Self-motivated and Resourceful
Diagnostic Skills
Quality Management System (QMS)
Corrective and Preventive Maintenance
Result Oriented and safety conscious
Time management

Technically experienced in: High capacity vehicles and Earth-moving equipment, heavy equipment and machineries, Compressors, light and heavy duty automobiles and generators, trucks such as, Forklift, Hiab trucks, Sino-truck, Iveco, Mercedes Benz, HOWO, Diesel Engine Buses, light vehicles, electrical maintenance etc.

WORK EXPERIENCE
May, 2024 till date WHITE SOUL GROUP
(A Transportation & Logistics Company)
Position: Head of Maintenance
Responsibilities:
1)I plan and coordinate the preventive and routine maintenance, servicing and repair activities in and out of the workshop spaces and ensure high performance and quality job delivery at all time.
2)I maintain regular, routine and adhoc maintenance and repair of the fleet to reduce downtime.
3)I maintain regular and routine inspections to detect potential failure on time and recommend repairs immediately.
4)I carry out inspection frequently on tyres, transmission and brake system to identify potential issues on real time and recommend reliable repairs immediately.
5) I assign maintenance tasks to maintenance supervisors and technicians and supervise quality of job delivery in real time.
6)I delegate repairs tasks to technicians with maintenance timelines for delivery.
7)I ensure quality assurance and quality control of all the vehicles before releasing them for operations

Oct 19, 2023 – Mar. 03, 2024 PRIMERO TRANSPORT SERVICES LIMITED
(A Transport Service Company)
Position: Head of Maintenance
Responsibilities:
1)I organised and coordinated preventive and corrective maintenance, servicing and repair activities in and out of the workshop spaces and ensured high performance and quality job delivery at all time.
2)I ensured regular, routine and scheduled maintenance and servicing of all the fleet and other facility machineries to reduce downtime and operational failures.
3)I maintained regular and routine inspections to prevent sudden breakdown of operations.
4)I carried out inspection frequently to identify potential issues on real time and recommend reliable repairs immediately.
5) I assigned maintenance tasks to maintenance supervisors and technicians and supervised quality of job delivery in real time.
6)I managed the maintenance of all engineering maintenance operations with great attention to safety of assets, equipment and employees in accordance with OSHA standards.
7)I worked on implementation strategies that would enhance continuous increase in fleet size, uninterrupted operation and consistent increase in revenue growth.
8) I supervised all maintenance team and implement predictive maintenance schedules to minimise downtime and also boost vehicle/machinery lifespan.
9)I trained and monitor drivers and technicians to be more productive and safety conscious.
10)I ensured genuine spare parts requested for were accordingly utilised and not diverted or pilfered.
11) I collaborated with other departments especially operation and procurement to ensure repair activities aligned with company’s objectives.
12) I ensured strict compliance to established standards, guidelines and workshop policy.
13) I prepared and sent daily, weekly and monthly maintenance data and reports to the managing director and other managers.
14) I managed maintenance and repair budgets to grow revenue and increase fleet efficiency.
15) I conformed to vehicle and equipment manufacture’s service manuals and bulletins.

Feb. 2020 – Oct. 2023 AMA-ZUMA OIL & GAS NIG LTD
(Oil & Gas Company)
Position: Maintenance Manager.
Responsibilities:
1)I supervised and managed all electrical and mechanical repairs, servicing and maintenance activities in the workshop.
2)I maintained good relationships nationwide with all external customers such as spare parts vendors, contractors, and service providers for maintenance, repairs, and other facility-related needs.
3)I ensured regular regional routine maintenance and servicing of the all the fleet to reduce downtime and boost availability and revenue growth.
4)I coordinated and assigned tasks to technicians and Job cards and job completion forms were fully implemented.
5)1) I coordinated and supervised all maintenance, servicing and repair of light and heavy duty vehicles and generators in the workshop and off-site.

Jun. 2018 – Feb. 2020 REDLINE LOGISTICS NIGERIA LIMITED
(Logistics & Transportation Company)
Position: Maintenance Manager
Responsibilities:
1) I coordinated and supervised all maintenance, servicing and repair of light and heavy duty vehicles and generators in the workshop and off-site.
2) I kept all records of truck maintenance, repair and faults for management assessment.
3) I also gave account of spare parts procurement and usage to the management.
4) I used vehicle tracking devices to monitor the progress and situation of drivers and vehicles on highways and other places.
5.)I majorly coordinated scheduled maintenance, corrective and preventive maintenance of all the heavy duty trucks, light vehicles, cars and plant and equipment.
6.)I prepared and sent weekly and monthly fleet reports to the managing director and data analysis units.
7.)I delegated duties and tasks to my technical and administrative staff members

Aug. 2008 – May. 2018 STABILINI VISINONI LIMITED
(Civil Engineering and Building Contractors)
Position: Maintenance Supervisor
Responsibilities:
1)I ensured regular maintenance and servicing of all the vehicle fleet and generators.
2)I used vehicle tracking devices to monitor the progress and situation of drivers and vehicles on highways and other places.
3)I maintained routine servicing and repair of the fleet and other plant and equipment facilities.
4)I kept fleet log sheet on repairs and maintenance.
5)I kept track of spare parts requests and vehicles’ inventories.
6)I prepared maintenance memos, daily and weekly data and reports to the head of maintenance.

EDUCATION & QUALIFICATIONS

(M. Sc. Mechanical Engineering (Applied Mechanics Option) (2014- 2016)
University of Lagos Nigeria
(B. Sc. Hons. Mechanical Engineering) (2001- 2007)
Ladoke Akintola University Of Technology (LAUTECH)

Professional Institution Membership
Member Nigerian Society of Engineer (MNimechE) (2012)

Nigerian Institute of Management (NIM) (2009) (Proficiency Certificate in Management) (2009)
Project Management Professional (PMP) (in view)
COREN (in view)

Key Competencies
Good verbal and written communication skills.
Excellent reporting and Analytical skills.
Great Computer skills in MS Excel, Words & Power Point.
A hands-on knowledge in repair, maintenance and field work.
Excellent leadership and team playing.
Good diagnostic and high level of attention to details.
Attention to details

References: Available on Request
Contact this candidate