Leslie Levy
Orlando, FL
386-***-**** (Mobile)
ad7sq7@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVE
My main goal in any workplace is to enhance the work environment with my exceptional ability to build a rapport amongst colleagues and clients while improving the bottom line.

WORK EXPERIENCE
12/01/2021-Present Agent
Sunset Listing RealtyInc.
I an a real estate agent in this role as well as home stager. Also plan, design and decorate all events to promote my business.
05/2013- Present Owner
Helpers in Heels Winter Springs, FL
Head a non-medical home healthcare agency contracted with the state of Florida. Agency provides Respite, Personal Support Services and Independent Living for the disabled. In addition, we contract with a Behavior Agency and we do Behavior Assistant Services. I have built this business from the ground up and created a work culture that has led to strong relationships in the community. Responsibilities include marketing, hiring staff, leading employee meetings, accounting, budgeting, payroll, coaching, quality assurance, reviews and ongoing follow up with all clients. Plan, design and decorate all home and company events to promote the business.
11/2016-11/2017 Sales Counselor
Spring-Hills Lake Mary, FL
Senior Living Sales & Marketing Manager participates in on-site tours, home visits, and creative prospect follow up. Continuously create, unique, and personal follow up for potential residents and their families. Senior Living Sales & Marketing Manager facilitates and assists with the completion of the resident move in process and completes all necessary paperwork.
07/2015- Present Volunteer
Family Health Care Council Orlando, FL
Assist with all aspects of advocacy for the disabled. Market the council to the public and assist at events and health fairs. Recruit volunteers and council members. Assist with all aspects of the annual budget.
07/2008 - 05/2013 (Call Center) Manager
Healthfirst Lake Mary, FL (Medicaid/Medicare HMO in New York and New Jersey)
This position consisted of managing and training a group of 27 employees. Produced daily, weekly, and monthly reports for E-Workforce Management and kept track of schedules and approved time off with Ultipro System. Assisted the director, manager and quality improvement department with quality assurance, payroll, updating policies and procedures and training manuals. I have also held a quality improvement position, as well as trained call center representatives and lead the employee committee with planning and executing events. I supervised in Member Services and the Provider Services Department/Claims in the absence of management. I also worked hand in hand with the Enrollment and Medical Management Departments. In addition, I assisted with Case Management as needed. Lastly, I assisted HR with company event design and planning.
05/2004-06/2008 Assistant Manager
LA Weight Loss Orange City, Florida
I was responsible for the overall operations of the center according to the standards and practices established by the company. In addition, performed all job duties in the absence of the manager including quality assurance, vendor contracting, payroll, reports to director and training and coaching all direct reports. Provided on-going training and staff development to employees. Lastly, I managed all event planning and was project manager for the opening of two new locations.

EDUCATION
Howard University Psychology Major
1990-1993

EXPERTISE IN THE FOLLOWING:
Real Estate
Remodeling Project Management
Home Staging
Event Planning and Decor
Human Resource Functions
Marketing
Managing Teams of up to 25 Direct Reports
ADP RUN for Small Business
Payroll Administration and Review
Quality Assurance
Direct Report Coaching, Training and Mentoring
Leadership
Medicare Laws
Medicaid Laws
Case Management
Medicare Provider Contracting
Assisted Living and Home-health Sales,
Marketing and Management

VOLUNTEER WORK
Current:
Family Care Council
Previous:
PTA
Big Brother/Big Sister
Volusia County Schools Mentor
Seminole County Schools Volunteer
Healthfirst Employee Committee Leader
Mentor for Community Based Care of Seminole County (Foster Care Mentoring)
Teen Court
4C
Guardian Ad Litem Volunteer/ Special Child Advocate
Jewish Social Services With Disabled Consumers
Contact this candidate