John P. Naughton
* ******* ** ******* **** NY ***27
Phone number – 419-***-**** / E-mail address- ad7uwx@r.postjobfree.com
Summary
- Strong manager that prides himself on motivating teams to achieve process and product quality.
- Experienced in turning projects that are on the wrong path into successful growth-oriented projects.
- Resourceful, systems oriented champion capable of completing several projects simultaneously. The key to
success is active listening skills designed to enhance companywide communication through effective team
building techniques.
-Clear communicator, both oral and written. Interpersonal skills that interface effectively with coworkers,
management and customers.
-Skilled in applying Situational Leadership techniques. Assessing each company’s unique needs while working in
unpredictable and chaotic environments have always resulted in successful outcomes.

Experience:
March 2024 – Present
Riely Gear (Accepted a 6 month contract to work as a Quality Manager at the North Tonawanda NY plant)
Recreated all quality activities except inspection from scratch.
Working in a military ITAR DPAS environment completed Certificates of Conformance for parts that met General Dynamics and United States Army requirements.
Managed day to day quality activities like nonconforming material, First Article Inspections, deviations, customer support etc…
Prepared the company for an AS9100 audit.
Maintained a high level of product quality in a small plant (about 15 machinists) while shipping approximately $500,000 in product per month.

March 2023 – March 2024
Business Management Solutions – President of Consulting and Training Business
Returned to working as a trainer through TRIGO Group. See Below 2017 - 2023

Dec. 2022 – March 2023
Steele and Obrien – Industrial Engineer
Accomplishments:
Developed a new tool to improve efficiencies of a manual measurement processes by 60% (this improvement generated a return on investment equal to my yearly salary).
Improved measurement efficiency of an automated visual inspection machine by 30%.
Performed an 80/20 analysis of sale to determine manufacturing priorities.
After 3 months the manager I worked for decided to reevaluate the Industrial Engineer position and I left the company. A quick call to the leadership at the TRIGO Group and I started training and consulting again.

2017 – 2023
Business Management Solutions – President of Consulting and Training Business
As a Sr Consultant and Trainer presenting materials related to Quality Management Systems and traditional quality tools.
As an independent contractor working through the TRIGO Group I have
As a Sr. Consultant, successfully supported the continuous improvement of companies that had serious challenges related to their business systems.
Trained several hundred ISO9000 and IATF 16949 Lead Auditors in the Exemplar Global ISO 9000 (International) and IATF 16949 (Automotive) requirements.
Trained Internal auditors for more than 50 companies.
Trained AIAG Failure Mode and Effect Analysis revised 2019
As a Sr Consultant, led the improvements of client’s systems by performing internal audits and gap analysis to assess their needs, suggest improvement opportunities and lead the implementation of necessary changes.
Consulted with clients as they struggled to implement improvements to their quality systems.

2009 – 2017 – Took a sabbatical from my career to assist ailing parents in their golden years. During the sabbatical I worked a couple small projects through contract agencies. These contracts are listed in the next two projects below.

Dec. 2010 – 2015 - Contract position as Supplier Quality Engineer at Northrup Grumman. Primary work tasks were:
oInternal auditing
oAuditing engineering changes to ensure they are correct.
oReceiving inspection of a broad range of parts from electronic, stamping, machined and plastic components.
I worked three different projects from 2010 – 2015. Each project lasted about 2 - 3 months.

Oct. 2011 – Jan. 2012–TURNAROUND PROJECT
Contract position with Armstrong Pump in North Tonawanda NY – Product line Pumps and valves
TITLE: Quality Engineer
oLead with the recertification of Armstrong’s ISO 9000 registration by supporting the teams of people working to create the documentation needed to communicate managements requirements for the quality management system.
oApplied Situation Leadership concepts to transform a struggling quality system into an award winning business system.
oAssist Armstrong’s corporate offices in Toronto Ontario with their internal audits as they prepared for their surveillance audit.

Nov 2007 – July 2008 – TURNAROUND PROJECT
Contract position with Parker Hannifin Quick Coupling Division - Product line Check Valves and Quick Disconnect Couplings
TITLE: Quality Manager
oConflict existed within and between departments within the company. Performed a department level Situation Analysis and training needs analysis that identified training needs for key quality department personnel. Through a simple communication strategy and meeting these training needs the conflict was resolved and the department improved its performance.
o25% time reduction for the Quality Department to handle parts.
oEliminated bottlenecks and reduced the backlog of customer required information to zero in 6 weeks.
oMade significant companywide improvements to the Quality System performance. Improved the effectiveness of Internal Audits, Nonconforming Material and Corrective Actions.
oImproved performance by applying Lean Systems and 5-S principles.
oResponsible for 2 shifts of inspectors that performed receiving inspection, gage calibration, nonconforming material, Production Part Approval Process, Initial Sample Inspection Reports, Process Validation, FMEA’s. PFMEA’s, risk Assessment and manufacturing Support.
oInterim Quality Manager for 300 person manufacturing facility. I was asked to support day to day quality activities for several months while the Quality Manager was temporarily reassigned to special projects related to new product launches. They extended my contract to seven months, and I left for personal reasons.

August 2006 – Nov 2007
Contract position with Rolls-Royce Energy Systems Division - Product line is 50,000 – 75,000 watt power generators to support oilrig power generation and Gas Compressors and Coolers for pipelines.
TITLE: Quality Engineer, Supplier Quality Engineer, and Engineering Coordinator
oValue Stream Field Support Engineer. In just several months managed a project with over 10,000 design documents that needed to be approved. This project was more than were 3 years behind schedule.
oCompleted more than 100 customer complaints related to field issues.
oApplied Value stream Analysis tools and techniques to identify and quantify problem-solving efforts that were needed.

Jan 1, 2005 – April – 2006
DTR America Inc. – Korean Engine Mount and other rubber products supplier to Automotive Industry – (Rubber Molding)
TITLE: Quality Manager
oManaged a quality system that delivered less than 3 defective parts per million throughout the year.
oLead all Quality activities for the start-up of a 40,000 square foot Distribution Center and Technical Center
oEstablish excellent customer relationship with all customer contacts at Daimler Chrysler Corporate Headquarters and Assembly plants
oLead the development and implementation of Operating Systems for the distribution center.
oSupport new product development and Process Sign Off’s at manufacturing plant in Korea.
Nov. 2003 – March 25, 2004
Delta USA Corp – Automotive Seats
TITLE: Quality Manager
oManage quality department activities in three plants (Stamping plant, Seat Track Assembly Plant and Complete Seat Assembly Plant).
oImplemented an Inspection system, Material Identification system, Production Part Approval Process (FMEAs, PFMEAs and Work Instructions), Corrective Action system, Engineering Change system, Process Validation SPC system and Returned Material Authorization system for all three plants.
Shortly after beginning my employment with Delta USA, I learned the company was for sale. I left as the buyout was in-process.

Oct. 2002 – April 2003 –
Lear Corp. – Interior carpet (Compression Molding)
TITLE: Program Manager
oEstablished the most effective new product launch material flow systems that utilized 50% less space than the previous system.
oLaunched 2 programs and completed the planning for 6 broad based programs.
oWorked with tooling suppliers and part suppliers to coordinate on time delivery of tooling, gages, fixtures, prototype parts and production parts. Also coordinated all activities related to supplier part quality.
oManaged all aspects of Advanced Product Quality Planning process for the 2005 Taurus Sable. This included all activities from program timing to approving OK to tool prints for new equipment and verifying trial runs off production tools.
oGenerated Value Added Analysis Cost Structure and Risk Assessment for the above-mentioned programs.
oBy applying Six-Sigma Methodologies eliminated two product defects.
oQuoting and coordinating changes and all engineering activity related to current production of the Navigator/Expedition, Thunderbird, Econoline van, and General Motors vans, Lincoln LS, Taurus and Sable.

Nov. 1997 – Oct. 2002 Business Management Solutions (Turn around projects)
Managed independent consulting business called Business Management Solutions, also worked for several contract agencies. The typical projects I worked were turnaround projects. The following is a list of the results from the efforts of the teams I worked with:
oLed a transition team that moved 60,000 square feet of product lines from a competitor. This project involved $60,000,000 in the revenues that were generated for the manufacturing plant.
oDrive improvements to the engine mount systems (Rubber Molding) for the Chrysler PT Cruiser to an industry first Six-Sigma quality level for engine mount performance. While simultaneously improving delivery performance from an average of 6-8 expedited shipments per day to zero expedited shipments per month. Responsible for leading a cross-functional team through product and process improvements. At the completion of this 8 month activity the quality level of all product features were at a six sigma quality level.
oAfter completing the Chrysler PT Cruiser engine mount product improvement project, several months later, Daimler Chrysler decided to resource the program to Delphi Automotive. Delphi contacted me and I worked on the transition of the parts from the incumbent supplier to Delphi. My primary responsibilities were to prepare the suppliers for the launch. All suppliers were production process capable in less than four months.

March 1996 – Nov. 1997 KTH PARTS – Manufacture frames for Honda - Asst. Manager of Systems Quality
oCompleted Strategic and Tactical plans for implementing the QS9000 program.
oLed the implementation of quality systems that achieved QS9000 certification in 15 months. KTH was the first true Japanese system to be QS900 registered. Used timelines and program management tools to develop a budget and communicate the program mission, goals and objectives, roles and responsibilities.
oAs part of the TPM steering committee implemented shop floor metrics.
oTwo months after leaving KTH returned as a consultant to prepare the company for their first
Surveillance audit.

Education: MBA – Executive Management – Ashland University Ashland OH
BS – Industrial Technology – SUNY College of Buffalo, NY Aug.
AAS – Business Administration & Mechanical Technology – Erie Community College,
Orchard Park NY

Other Training and Awards:
American Society for Quality Control certified Quality Engineer (1994 – 2000)
Trained in the Malcomb Baldridge Award Auditing Process.
Registered Provisional Auditor for ISO 9000 (1999 – 2000)
Trained in Fords Team Oriented Problem Solving (TOPS), Facilitator training class, Statistical Process Control and Design of Experiments

Applications/Experience with Team Building & Six Sigma Problem Solving Tools
Loranger Mfg. – Led the implementation of Team Oriented Problem Solving activities.
Developed the training manuals for all teams. Training manuals included the following topics:
oSoft skills involved with being a team member.
oSix Sigma Problem Solving skills required to analyze and solve problems. For example, Pareto charts, SPC Charts the 5 Why’s etc…
Walker Mfg. – Used Team Building principles to implement QS9000 Quality System Requirements.
Applied Team Building and Problem Solving Methodologies to improve manufacturing processes to Six Sigma quality levels.
KTH Parts Ind. – As a member of the Total Preventive Management Team applied the 5S Principles to
improve workplace organization and cleanliness.
Freudenberg – Applied Six Sigma methodologies to improve process from 50% Scrap rates to a 6 Sigma
Quality level.
Delphi - While working on a team that transferred a product line from a competitor worked with the
Shainan methodologies to develop/improve processes to meet automotive requirements.
Lear - During a joint venture breakup applied Six Sigma methodologies to improve processes that were being transferred into a Lear plant. As Program Manager I led the transition of several product lines that required product and process improvements. All the product lines transferred were completed on time, seamless to the customer and met stringent quality requirements.

ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Many successful stories related to process improvements and creating award winning business systems and products. From the 1990 Car and Driver truck of the year (worked on the redesign of the interior trim) to business systems that won international recognition, like the first true Japanese quality system to receive the American automakers coveted QS9000 certification.
Achieved an 11PPM score after the first six months of shipping product at DTR America.
Almost every company achieved 6 sigma quality levels on at least 1 product line.
Led problem solving teams and high performance work teams.

OTHER SKILLS AND TRAINING
Volunteer Firefighter, Certified First Responder, Emergency Medical Technician (Intermediate level)
Contact this candidate