Gerald Miller
ad7x74@r.postjobfree.com C: 1-948-***-**** Hampton, VA 23669
Summary
Dedicated Project/Production Manager successful at workflow planning and staff retention strategies. Boosts productivity through innovative management and mentorship.

Driven Superintendent offering 25+ years of experience in Marine Blasting and Spray Painting. Proficient in technology and business administration with a talent for Risk assessment, on-the-job know-how, and overall Project Growth. Adaptable approach to resolving issues by communicating clearly with others, using active listening skills, and driving compromise.

Professional Blaster with 20+ years of hands-on experience in Marine Preservation and Navy Vessels. Efficient and hardworking with excellent mechanical aptitude. In-depth OSHA and assembly line production knowledge. Capable of training and mentoring new employees.

Seasoned Painter offering expertise in spraying underwater hulls and bilges. Possesses 25+ years’ experience and additional knowledge in Spraying, Non-Skid, Peel & Stick, and PCMS Tile Installation.

Skills
●Mold eradication techniques
●OSHA knowledge
●Abrasive materials handling
●Spray Painting
●Non-Skid Application
●Under Water Hull Preservation
●Sandblasting
●Certified PCMS Tile Installer
●Certified PCMS Tile Quality Assurance (QA)
●Peel & Stick
●Structural Welding
●Structural Fitting
●Respirator operation
●Budgeting and forecasting
●Sprayer use
●Systems implementation
●Surface cleaning
●Coating methods and techniques
●Performance improvements
●Industrial and commercial painting experience
●Dry practices
●Workflow planning
●Sandblasting equipment assembly
●Project plans and reports
●Power and hand tools
●Purchasing and procurement
●Specification interpretation
●Management information systems
●Wall and surface repair
●Overhead cranes and forklift operation
●Cost reduction and containment
●Multi-unit operations management
●Bid proposals review and approval
●Project development and lifecycle
●Goal setting
●Blueprint and schematic understanding
●Risk management
●Presentations
●Social and digital media

●Document management
●Data review
●New system testing
●Contractor management
●Infrastructure planning
●Safety protocol
●Category oversight
●Paint mixing
●Processes and procedures
●Knowledgeable in OSHA Standards and SSPC Practices
●Key decision making
●Employee discipline
●Staff retention
●Project management
●Site safety coordinator
●Quality standards
●Business Planning
●Baseline schedules creation
●Client relations
●Microsoft Office Suite expert
●Permit processing
●Staff training and motivation
●Budget control
●Root cause analysis
●Conflict management
●Safety understanding
●Process updates
●Dependable
●Exceptional time management
●Productivity improvement
●Staff training and mentoring
●Computer literate
●Quality assurance and control
●Project coordination
●Project scope
●Cost control
●Client rapport
●Welder (Stick and Flux Core)
●Structural Fitter
Experience
Quality Coatings of Va.
Estimator/Contracts
1/02/2024

Paint Jet Hendersonville, TN
Superintendent
10/2023 thru 1/2024

Jag Alaska Seaboard Alaska
Sandblast and Paint Supervisor

08/2023 thru 10/2023

AVPS of Va. LLC Norfolk Va.
Project Manager, Estimator

01/2023 thru. 06/2023

Marine Specialty Painting (MSP) Norfolk, VA
Project Manager, Superintendent, Painter, Blaster, Estimator/Contracts
09/2017 - 01/2023

●Estimate Job cost and submit RFQs to companies upon request
●Create budgets and cost analyst
●Create schedules per customer specifications.
●Time management.

●Monitored paint supplies, placing orders whenever needed, and properly and safely recycled old paint.
●Covered floors before prepping, priming, and painting all surfaces to protect them from chemicals and paint.
●Painted walls and other surfaces using traditional and sprayer methods and worked efficiently to complete jobs within required time frames.
●Readied surfaces and surrounding areas for painting using sandpaper, tape, and other materials.
●Completed an average of 12 to 20 painting jobs per week, including Blasting, painting, and maintenance.
●Coordinated and completed ongoing routine painting of exterior and interior of fuel tanks for Cummins generators.
●Mixed paints and solutions and monitored temperatures.
●Maintained thorough inventory of paint equipment and supplies by checking product levels daily.
●Cleaned and smoothed all surfaces prior to painting.
●Prepared sheetrock, metal, and wood surfaces for painting.
●Operated compressors, spray equipment, and blast equipment with caution to avoid injuries and maintain tools.
●Collaborated closely with project managers and clients on projects to stay on task.
●Completed and filed daily work slips to document progress and provide estimated completion time.
●Inspected work sites to measure dimensions, layout work, and estimate materials for each job.
●Collaborated with 8 other team members to meet strict project completion deadlines.
●Operated hand tools and power tools such as sanders, die grinders, and needle guns.
●Used power and hand tools safely and effectively.
●Choose correct brushes and materials for jobs and purchase from vendors.
●Operated airless spray equipment and motorized lifts.

●Sandblast and paint
●Create Schedules
●supervise paint and blast crews
●Meet Deadline

●Oversaw complete shipyard and shop production process to maximize quality, cost controls, and efficiency
●Estimate Job cost and submit RFQs to companies upon request
●Create budgets and cost analyst
●Create schedules per customer specifications.
●Time management.
●

●Oversaw complete shipyard and shop production process to maximize quality, cost controls, and efficiency.
●Managed the safety of the worksite and adherence to all OSHA regulations by performing JSA inspections and constant communications with upper management and shipyard personnel.
●Managed projects to complete on schedule by working with specialized Sandblasting, Painting, and PCMS Tile production teams.
●Achieved Milestones and KPI targets for key operational areas.
●Supervised $10,000,000.00 naval projects for an increase in growth and an overall increase in job production.
●Reorganized key areas by reorganizing, and trimming cost and equipment rentals 40% of project budget.
●Prepared, executed, and monitored service, personnel, and safety plans for complete ship projects.
●Managed complete Ship preservation projects by coordinating materials, inspections, and contractor tasks.
●Cultivated positive relationships with support staff and shipyard prime contractor through regular communication and working hand in hand with other KTR contractors
●Established operational and educational plans with clear objectives and paths to achievement.
●Evaluated plans and inspected ongoing construction to keep work in line with project goals.
●Developed sustainable operational processes, plans and evaluation systems in collaboration with Shipyard and MSP team members.
●Presented updates and reports measuring performance against Job Milestones to upper management within the company.
●Managed Preservation, Structural and PCMS Tile operations resulting in resulting in growth and increasing the overall value of the job at hand.
●Oversaw daily work of 40+ workers using knowledge of Naval, SSPC, and OSHA, regulations and codes for all areas of production.
●Increased pass rates on all government, shipyard prime contractors, and in-house inspections 90% by demanding quality work below budget.
●Provided consultants on Preservation, Structural and PCMS Tile operations information about best practices and safety requirements needed for the job at hand.
●Oversaw complete construction process to maximize quality, cost controls and efficiency.
●Manually directed nozzles over large surfaces and manipulated small parts under nozzle for specified intervals.
●Loaded parts on racks in enclosed rooms, into tumbling barrels or into cabinets in preparation for daily jobs.
●Met project benchmarks while reducing costs through introduction of enhanced implementation strategies.
●Updated project plans based on changing objectives, specifications, and staff availability.
●Devised implementation plans, including cost-benefit and ROI analyses.
●Coordinated and completed ongoing routine painting of exterior and interior of Navy Ships.
●Kept project teams on-task with proactive control of budgets, schedules and scopes.

Superior Systems & Technology (SST) Abilene, TX
Paint & Blast Supervisor/ welder
04/2013 - 04/2017
●Monitored paint supplies, placing orders whenever needed and properly and safely recycled old paint.
●Covered floors before prepping, priming and painting all surfaces to protect them from chemicals and paint.
●Painted walls and other surfaces using traditional and sprayer methods and worked efficiently to complete jobs within required time frames.
●Readied surfaces and surrounding areas for painting using sandpaper, tape and other materials.
●Completed average of 12 to 20 painting jobs per week, including Blasting, painting and maintenance.
●Coordinated and completed ongoing routine painting of exterior and interior of fuel tanks for Cummins generators.
●Mixed paints and solutions and monitored temperatures.
●Maintained thorough inventory of paint equipment and supplies by checking product levels daily.
●Cleaned and smoothed all surfaces prior to painting.
●Prepared sheetrock, metal and wood surfaces for painting.
●Operated compressors, spray equipment and blast equipment with caution to avoid injuries and maintain tools.
●Collaborated closely with project managers and clients on projects to stay on task.
●Completed and filed daily work slips to document progress and provide estimated completion time.
●Inspected work sites to measure dimensions, lay out work and estimate materials for each job.
●Collaborated with 8 other team members to meet strict project completion deadlines.
●Operated hand tools and power tools such as sanders, die grinders, and needle guns.
●Used power and hand tools safely and effectively.
●Chose correct brushes and materials for jobs and purchased from vendors.
●Operated airless spray equipment and motorized lifts.

Aerotech Corp. Midland, TX
Bridge Painter Blaster Foreman
04/2013 - 04/2014
●Manually directed nozzles over large surfaces and manipulated small parts under nozzle for specified intervals.
●Met project benchmarks while reducing costs through introduction of enhanced implementation strategies.
●Earned reputation for good attendance and hard work.
●Worked closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions and meet deadlines.
●Provided excellent service and attention to customers when face-to-face or through phone conversations.
●Improved customer satisfaction by finding creative solutions to problems.
●Recognized by management for providing exceptional customer service.

Southwest Shipyard L.P Galveston, TX
Paint Blast Supervisor
04/2010 - 04/2013

●Oversaw engineering team of 12 blasters, painters, and helpers focused on continuous improvement processes.
●Assessed, optimized and elevated operations to target current and expected demands.
●Achieved and surpassed production targets through effective staff management, task allocation and materials coordination.
●Aided senior leadership during executive decision-making process by generating daily reports to recommend corrective actions and improvements.
●Established, enforced and updated policies keeping business agile and responsive to changing market conditions.
●Supervised, trained and evaluated over 12 employees in blast and paint department in the shipyard preservation industry.
●Increased customer satisfaction by following up on any negative feedback and taking appropriate measure to resolve complaints.
●Liaised with project managers to evaluate project scope and define milestones and deadlines.
●Read and interpreted work order specifications and information to plan, schedule and carry out jobs effectively.
●Met other supervisors and business leaders to plan and guide workflow and operations.
●Managed daily operations, including supervising multiple team members across the Galveston Texas location.
●Set up, adjusted and maintained machines to keep production operating at peak levels and consistently meet challenging daily demands.

Lyons Shipyard Norfolk, VA
Blaster Spray Painter
04/2003 - 07/2007
●Safely operated blast pots and spray equipment to set up and prepare area for preservation.
●Cleaned and prepared surfaces for painting, using air-powered sandblasting equipment.
●Handled all delegated tasks, including Blasting Painting, and at times welding
●Worked closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions and meet deadlines.
●Earned reputation for good attendance and hard work.
●Improved customer satisfaction by finding creative solutions to problems.
●Completed Tugboat and Barge projects resulting in in 100% satisfaction.
●Improved operations by working with team members and customers to find workable solutions.
●Recognized by management for providing exceptional customer service.

Eastern Shipbuilding Group Inc Panama City, FL
Blaster, Spray Painter, Structural Welder Ship Fitter
04/1994 - 02/1999
●Set up and operated welding equipment to complete all welding projects on-time.
●Created safety guards, angle iron and square tubing.
●Safely operated equipment to set up and prepare area for blasting.
●Sustained safety protocols and ensured proper, cost-effective and accurate handling of equipment and materials.
●Shoveled and poured abrasives such as sand and grit, covering charges and improving detonation.
●Lifted and loaded materials of up to 200 pounds into machines for blasting preparation.
●Prevented distortion of parts by monitoring fitting, burning and welding processes.
●Cleaned and prepared surfaces for painting, using air-powered sandblasting equipment.
Education and Training
University of Phoenix Tempe, AZ
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science and Programming
2010
A. Crawford Mosley High School Lynn Haven, FL
1987
NAVSEA Navy Training Portsmouth, VA
Certified PCMS Tile Quality Assurance
2018
12 hours completed
Learned to install and quality assurance of the proper installation techniques to inspect PCMS Tile Jobs for the US Navy
NAVSEA Navy Training Portsmouth, VA
Certified PCMS Tile Installer
2018
12 hours completed
Learned to install and quality assurance of the proper way and techniques to install and inspect PCMS Tile Jobs
Certifications
●First Aid/CPR
●CP Certified/ Confined Space Competent Person
●JLG Certified
●Forklift Certified
●Certified PCMS Tile Installer
●Certified PCMS Tile QA
Contact this candidate