Jason Disney
PLANT QUALITY ASSURANCE MANAGER
Athens, Alabama, United States
+1-502-***-****
ad7x4c@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY
I am an experienced Quality Manager with key experience in Program Manager / Launch Manager activities from my career in tier 1 manufacturing to the major global OEM customers my plants served. As Quality Manager I had primary oversight over supplier gate way reviews, APQP and PPAP activities along with key KPI management responsibilities tied to product launches. My oversight included launch management of the supply base for my Tier 1 product to satisfy the print critical characteristics within the RASIC deliverable platforms used by Ford, GM and Daimler. I am currently pursuing Program Management and / or Quality Management opportunities within the Huntsville metropolitan area. I encourage you to review my professional summary as it details on page three my extensive experience in successful execution of programs with product value in excess of one billion dollars over the life of the program.
WORK EXPERIENCE
July 2021-July 2024
PLANT QUALITY ASSURANCE MANAGER
TENNECO
Athens, Alabama, United States
In my role as Plant Quality Manager, I have direct management responsibility of all plant quality processes. Leadership role in plant APQP and cross functional problem solving across full customer base including General Motors, Ford Motor Company, Cummings, FCA. Tasked with plant management responsibility of IATF16949 certification restoration / acquisition. I hold a leadership management role in areas including customer program management execution. product safe launch gateways execution, along with successful PPAP oversight within product launch timelines. I also lead in rasic reviews with General Motors, Ford, Stelleantis and other customers.
• Our facility during my tenure regained IATF16949 status with IAOB as well as setting record high quality performance with General Motors and Stellantis (formerly Chrysler). January 2014-July 2021
Manager
Lear
Columbia City, Indiana, United States
I have direct management responsibility of all plant quality processes. I hold direct oversight as the plant management representative for ISO/TS 16949 transitioning to IATF 16949. Since 2014 during my tenure at our Lear Columbia City seating plant we successfully navigated four external audits with zero major and zero minor nonconformances. During my tenure at this facility, we successfully launched the GM full-size pickup seating program K2XX and T1XX seat system supplied to General Motors Fort Wayne Assembly. Detailed below are multiple quality awards and recognitions received during my tenure as Plant Quality Manager.
Quality milestones achieved during my tenure include but not limited to the following: JD Power 2019 Best in Class Seat Quality Award (Light Truck & Van Segment). General Motors 2016 and 2017 Supplier of the Year Award. General Motors Fort Wayne Assembly received the 2017 Golden Plant Award to which our seats were recognized as a key contributor to receiving. January 2014-July 2021
PLANT QUALITY MANAGER
LEAR
Columbia City, Indiana, United States
My plant received the General Motors Supplier of the year award for seating two consecutive years in a row (2016 & 2017).
September 2009-December 2013
LEAD PROGRAM SENIOR QUALITY ENGINEER MERCEDES AND GENERAL MOTORS
LEAR
Louisville, Kentucky, United States
I held direct launch quality responsibility of all plant quality processes to launch the site relocation for the GMT 900 seating system (Tier 2) into General Motors by way of Tier 1 seating plant. This included the installation and PPAP of three assembly lines for the front row seating system.
As the Lead Program Senior Quality Engineer during launch of the Mercedes W166 and X166 SUV vehicle seating systems I held primary oversight for assembly line development along with product PPAP migration from Daimler (Mercedes Benz). I was launch responsible for quality systems validation tied to product performance. I organized and led CFT teams including product Daimler SQE, Lear product engineering and vendor support specialist to complete all launch and product quality management duties. These systems included three assembly line systems.
• As the Lead Program Senior Quality Engineer during launch of the Mercedes W166 and X166 produced in Vance Alabama.
November 2007-April 2009
Plant Quality Manager
NOBLE INTERNATIONAL NOBLE METAL PROCESSING
Shelbyville, Kentucky, United States
Managed the Quality Assurance & ISO / TS Departments to retain all certifications and meet PPM goals of the organization.
●Quality milestones accomplished during my tenure with Noble include our facility having completed over 13 months with zero PPM (Parts per Million) defect rating with Ford Motor Company and Honda Manufacturing of America. We have had over 8 consecutive months of zero PPM production to General Motors Corporation. Testing cost savings of 50,000 from 2007-2008.
●Designed and implemented new quality testing metrics and processes during my tenure we reduced the cost of quality by 35% from 2006 to 2009.
●Designed and led FEMA teams, maintained process capability of 1.67 or less for all program launches.
2007-2009
Adjunct Professor
McKendree University
Louisville, Kentucky, United States
I was an adjunct University Professor with McKendree University where I teach courses including Principles of Management and Principles of Marketing courses to students in the business department undergraduate program.
●I have also taught courses with ATA Career Education in Louisville, KY. 1999-2007
Stamping Launch Team Specialist and Quality Control Liaison
Ford Motor Company Stamping Business Unit
Louisville, Kentucky, United States
●8 years of operational experience within automotive manufacturing specifically pertaining to the areas of production and quality control.
●Reduced TGW ratings of production process scores, trained QC technicians and led CIWG (continuous improvement work groups) within the plant.
• We successfully launched a new stamping plant at Kentucky Truck Plant with a project value of over 120 million dollars.
EDUCATION
-Current
Master
Indiana Wesleyan University
United States
Indiana Wesleyan. University
Master Business Administration
Honors and Achievements: GPA: 3.87 (Deans List)
• Business Administration
-Current
B.B.A. in Business Administration
McKendree University
United States
McKendree University
B.B.A. in Business Administration / Marketing
Honors and Achievements GPA: 3.9 (Magna Cum Laude) (Deans List) I served as Chair of the McKendree University Alumni chapter.
• Business Administration / Marketing
SKILLS
External Audit TS 16949 Plant Management Production Part Approval Process (PPAP) Advanced Product Quality Planning (APQP) Leadership Problem Solving Skills Product/Service Launch Project/Program Management Quality Management Six Sigma Black Belt Manufacturing Process Capability Quality Metrics Automotive Industry Budgeting Internal Audit Resolve Customer Issues Cross-Functional ISO (International Organization for Standardization) Quality Engineering Organizational Skills Product Management College Level Faculty Training/Teaching Quality Assurance Methodology Product Reviews OEM (Original Equipment Manufacturer) Analysis Skills CERTIFICATIONS
ISO/TS 16949 Nationally Certified Internal / External Auditor (May 2008) Certified Project Manager Certification (July 2009) Specific Project Management Experience
Six Sigma Black Belt (May 2009)
General Motors Practical Problem Solving
I completed in 2015 the General Motors practical problem-solving process training course at General Motors Fort Wayne Assembly Training Center.
HONORS & AWARDS
JD Power 2019 Best in Class Seat Quality Award (Light Truck & Van Segment) General Motors 2016 and 2017 Supplier of the Year Award General Motors Fort Wayne Assembly received the 2017 Golden Plant Award to which our seats Honors and Achievements: GPA: 3.87 (Deans List)
Honors and Achievements GPA: 3.9 (Magna Cum Laude) (Deans List) LANGUAGES
English - Intermediate
Contact this candidate