FATIMA AZIZSULTAN

Alexandria, VA ***** NACI Public Trust Clearance 703-***-**** ad7z62@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn Profile

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Dedicated Senior IT Quality Assurance Manager delivering 17 years of verifiable results using effective communication between cross-functional teams to solve specific and measurable complex needs for organizations including federal government clients/agencies. Reputation for high-energy leadership while providing client and program management support, resulting in superior quality client delivery. Known as an analytical and strategic thinker with a demonstrated ability to lead IT Quality Assurance Management, Metrics Management, SLA Management, PMO, Trend Analysis, and Continuous Service Improvement (CSI). Consistently recognized and tasked to improve effectiveness and efficiency through leadership in various settings. Excels in challenging environments.
AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Quality Assurance Management Help Desk Management Service Delivery Management Deputy Program Management Process Design Strategic Planning Cross-Functional Communications Customer Relations Management Staff Development Risk Management Metrics Management Service Level Agreements Trend Analysis Audit & Assessments Process Improvement Training Reporting Disaster Recovery ServiceNow Remedy SharePoint MS Office

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
Senior Quality Assurance Manager /Acting Deputy Program Manager ActioNet, Inc. 2023-Present
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA)
Managed all Quality and Continuous Service Improvement (CSI) activities for the NOAA OMAO MACC ITSS program. Provided leadership in contract support services, including IT infrastructure, network engineering, systems administration, call center, desk-side support, systems security, and software applications for this performance-based contract infrastructure program.
Key Initiatives:
Managed and led the development, implementation, and continuous improvement of the QMS in accordance with relevant standards (ISO 9001) while maintaining adherence to contract-driven key performance requirements.
Oversaw the quality assurance program, including Quality Control Plans, Processes, Procedures, SOPS, SLAs, KPIs, and Quality Data Analysis across the organization and planned direct process improvement for the contract quality program and functions.
Developed and maintained quality performance metrics. Performed root-cause analysis of breached metrics, and implemented corrective actions to address any non-conformities.
Performed quality management audits on processes (e.g., SOPS) to ensure compliance with established quality standards and identified areas of improvement. Held training sessions to educate staff.
Oversaw the continuous service improvement initiatives to identify opportunities for process optimization and leverage ServiceNow’s capabilities to enhance IT Service Management (ITSM).
Manage the clients’ expectations related to quality management and effectively communicate quality standards across the program.
Analyzed data from customers’ feedback surveys to identify areas of improvement. Enhanced customer service experience by mentoring the teams and reducing the aged ticket queue by 97%.
Ensured that the program deliverables comply with the contract requirements and meet customers’ needs.
Designated the main POC by the program manager for the services and deliverables provided under the contract.
Provided leadership and direction for program management staff as acting deputy program manager.
Played the role of a key participant in weekly management meetings with the NOAA ACIO.
Engaged with assisting the ACIO and senior government customers with getting the escalated operational issues resolved.
Monitored team managers’ technical and procedural performance while recommending strategies for improvement related to existing issues and then designing new processes to implement those improvements.
Engaged in the recruiting and interviewing process for new employees as well as assisting the program manager with employee performance issues.
Engaged in Capability Maturity Model Integration Service Level (CMMI-SVC L4) audits of contracts while working with the ActioNet Quality Department.
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
Senior Quality Assurance and SLA Manager / Acting Deputy Program Manager Guidehouse 2014-2023
Census Bureau IT Infrastructure Support Services Acquisition (ISSA) Program
Successfully managed the quality of work for the IT Infrastructure Support Program at the Census Bureau for a performance-based contract ($200M, ten-year, 4K user) infrastructure program. Provided leadership and oversight of the quality program, including process
control, SLAs, KPIs, and quality data analysis, and was responsible for delivering reports to the government executive team.

Page 1 of 4
Key Initiatives:
Managed the quality of work and risk assessment across all lines of operation for the IT Infrastructure Support Program.
Instituted key performance indicators (KPIs) and service level agreements (SLAs) to assist program leadership in monitoring quality assurance (QA) compliance, resulting in an award from executive leadership for enhancing SLAs that reached a 98% satisfaction rate.
Engaged with the Government Contracting Officer Representative (COR) to ensure the Quality Control Plan (QCP) agreed with COR expectations and received Government approvals.
Reviewed contract deliverables and made recommendations for document improvements.
Established and maintained a process to keep the program’s standard operating procedures (SOPs) current in SharePoint.
Collaborated with the team managers to capture and collect artifacts for Ace Info Solutions Inc. to be appraised at Level 3 of the Capability Maturity Model Integration Service Level (CMMI-SVC L3) in 2018.
Worked with operation teams to ensure compliance with contract requirements by conducting program audits, generating audit reports, distilling lessons learned from audit reports, and providing feedback to enhance processes while managing the Continuous Service Improvement (CSI) for the entire program.
Drove corrective and preventative actions utilizing quality improvement methodologies.
Maintained QA policies and planned direct process improvement for the contract quality program and functions.
Monitored the operational metrics to measure performance and quality and lead the teams to discover root cause of issues and determine process improvements.
Collaborated with operational leaders to develop and maintain performance-based scoreboards for all lines of services across the program.
Monitored team managers’ technical and procedural performance while recommending strategies for improvements related to existing issues and then designing new processes to implement those improvements.
Assisted the Program Manager in the absence of a Deputy Program Manager for a massive portion of the length of the program.
Efficiently trained, guided, and supported a new Deputy Program Manager.
Managed program risks and issues and collaborated with program leadership to mitigate and resolve identified risks.
E MPLOYMENT HISTORY
Senior Quality Control Manager Capstone Corporation NT 2012-2014 National Archives & Records Administration (NARA)
Successfully managed the quality of work for information technology services delivered to NARA customers and IT systems for the NARA Information Technology & Telecommunications Support Services (NITTSS) Program.
Key Initiatives:
Established, monitored, and reported all aspects of quality including review of all deliverables and documentation prior to delivery to customers.
Spearheaded monthly QC council meetings with government senior managers and Capstone senior management teams.
Established and maintained a process for auditing SOPs and work instructions and executed QC audits on various areas of operation.
Opened, tracked, updated, and closed Corrective Action Reports (CARs), Preventive Action Reports (PARs), and Continues Process Improvement (CPIs).
Engaged with various internal teams including the Program Management / Project Managers and SMEs to create business and technical project artifacts that were utilized internally by the program teams.
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
Senior IT Support Manager Catapult Technology (2010-2012)
General Services Administration (GSA) Infrastructure Technology Global Operations (GITGO) Program 2004-2012
Served as a Senior IT Support Manager for a performance-based prime contract valued at $280 million, a six-year, and 18K user infrastructure consolidation project. Oversaw a team of twenty (20) staff members to achieve high-level Service Level Agreements on technical issues.
Key Initiatives:
Partnered with GSA on implementing ITIL and chaired the Standard Operating Procedure document review project at the enterprise level for all subtasks on the contract.
Managed the Continuity of the Operation Plan and Disaster Recovery and conducted performance improvement staff meetings.
Performed quality assurance of help desk tickets and directly interfaced with Government clients on customer satisfaction and overall operations of the site.
Page 2 of 4
Provided support that included level I and II incident recovery, all Secure LAN servers, Dell laptops, and HP printers, as well as software applications (Lotus Notes, VPN for off-site users, Windows XP, Microsoft Office, and Microsoft Project).
Supported imaging machines, video-telephone-conferencing, backup and restore activities, updating patches and virus definitions, PC replacement projects, wireless communication devices such as Blackberries, iPads, and Droids, network switches, wiring closet cabling, Cloud system, user training, and IT asset inventory. Also, assisted with the security scan and administrator rights projects in accordance with the GSA IT Security Policy.

IT Quality Assurance Manager / Acting Deputy Subtask Director Catapult Technology (2007-2010)
General Services Administration (GSA) Infrastructure Technology Global Operations (GITGO) Program
Oversaw quality of the program for a performance-based prime contract valued $280 million, a six-year, and 18K user infrastructure consolidation project. Collaborated with GSA on implementing ITIL practices and directed process improvement for the entire program. Chaired the SOP review project and audited subtasks against the SOPs to ensure compliance.
Key Initiatives:
Chaired the SOP review project and audited subtasks against the SOPs to ensure compliance.
Served as Quality Assurance Manager. Oversaw technical delivery achieving SLAs performance incentives every period.
Boosted employee performance through exemplary supervision of 20+ technicians and played a key role in the ITIL’s implementation project.
Interfaced with Independent Verification and Validation (IV&V) department to review monthly metrics, evaluated results, and recommended corrective actions.
Maintained the Quality Control Plan and reviewed and reported monthly deliverables to the Government.
Performed data management, assessed the content of the GITGO Portal, and ensured that it was up to date.
Served as Deputy Director for the Program management subtask and oversaw process improvement for the entire program.

IT Operations Quality Assurance Manager TLA Associates / WFI Government Services, Inc. (2005-2007)
General Services Administration (GSA)
Performed quality assurance for General Services Administration (GSA) desktop management support (DMS) program, including helpdesk, network support, server support, software support, and IT security support, as well as operational processes to ensure readiness for satisfactory delivery of SLAs.
Key Initiatives:
Avoided cancellation of a major contract with the GSA contract by taking charge and reducing customer complaints while generating positive feedback from customers. Awarded by executive leadership for enhancing SLAs to reach above 95% satisfaction.
Performed trend analysis and provided feedback on improving the customers’ technical knowledge through training.
Monitored team managers’ technical /procedural performance and recommended strategies to improve existing issues.
Developed Quality Assurance manual and Standard Operating Procedures for the GSA Desktop Management Services.
Generated ticket management best practices document for different areas of the program. Monitored the operational metrics to measure performance and quality. Monitored mid-level managers’ technical and procedural performance and recommended strategies for improvement related to existing issues.
Defined procedures in conjunction with operating staff, as well as communicated with program management regarding relevant quality-related training.
Generated logs and reports of all progress and supported incidents to the GSA Program Office and DMS program manager on a bi-weekly, monthly, and quarterly basis.
Reviewed the monthly deliverables and recommended improvement.

Technical Support Manager TLA Associates / WFI Government Services, Inc. (2004-2005)
General Services Administration (GSA)
Directed all technical activities and provided guidance for planning, directing, and monitoring information systems operations at the GSA Central Office under the DMS Contract. Oversaw a team of eighteen (18) helpdesk technicians. Functioned as liaison between the GSA Program Office and the technical support staff.
Key Initiatives:
Conducted staff interviews for the helpdesk team and planned and coordinated training.
Led performance improvement staff meetings and generated reports necessary to evaluate workflow and ensured satisfactory customer service performance to meet SLA.

Page 3 of 4

HONORS AND AWARDS
WFI Government Services, Inc. - Recognized for outstanding performance with the Program Achievement Award. (2005)
Catapult Technology - Honored for outstanding performance with the Service Excellence Award for assisting with the SOPs project over one thousand (1000) artifacts for the enterprise contract). (2011)
Guidehouse Digital - Awarded by executive leadership for:
1)Enhancing SLAs to reach up to 98% satisfaction. (2016)
2)Assisting the Program Manager with PMO-related responsibilities in the absence of Deputy Program Manager. (2019)

EDUCATION / CERTIFICATIONS
B.S., Biology, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
ITIL Certified, ITIL Foundations v4 CompTIA A+ Certified.
Project Management Professional (PMP) in Progress
NACI Public Trust Clearance

PROFESSIONAL AFFLIATIONS
Project Management Institute
District of Columbia Chapter, 2018 — Present

American Society for Quality
Milwaukee, WI, 2021 – Present

Page 4 of 4
Contact this candidate