Chidi Chuma
Dallas, TX ***** 469-***-**** ad8d16@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

A Project Manager with years of experience helping organizations, delivering critical changes through effective business transformation and compliance from design to implementation. A solid advocate of continual process and service environment with a proven ability to manage initiatives that deliver business and user benefits.

SKILLS

Applications: JIRA, Confluence, Azure, SQL, Tableau, Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Visio, Asana, Slack, SharePoint and ServiceNow.
In-depth Knowledge of both the waterfall and Agile (SCRUM) methodologies and the ability to work on projects simultaneously using a combination of both methodologies.
Project Management: Project planning and Scheduling, Negotiation, Analytical Thinking, Incident, Change, Request Management, Service Catalog and Knowledge Adaptability, Budget Management, Agile, Scrum, Facilitating, Epics Quality Assurance, Software Requirements, User stories, Unit Test and Continuous Improvement
In-depth knowledge of: ERP, SDLC and CLOUD MIGRATION.
Business Analysis: Requirement elicitation, Business process design, Functional specification.
Client support: Requirement intake, requirements review, change management, User Acceptance testing, and sign-off.
Excellent communication: Demonstrate outstanding understanding and communication when working with clients, customer satisfaction, and Customer service.

WORK HISTORY

SNR. PROJECT MANAGER 05/2022 to CURRENT
Meta Source LLC Dallas, TX
Managed and facilitated SDLC and migration projects as assigned from procurement to commission using JIRA Atlassian and MS Projects.
Gathered and documented the business requirements from stakeholders and translated requirements into user stories and functional specifications for development teams.
Experience in collaborating with the development team to resolve issues, perform data migrations, and ensure the successful deployment of ServiceNow enhancements.
As a L3, I trained & coordinated L1/L2 workgroups, monitored tickets, and troubleshot incidents using ServiceNow. Also Tracked tasks, milestones, issues and compiled data reports using excel
Responsible for scheduling and leading meetings to provide architectural solutions & preliminary design, analysis, planning, implementation, and operations of the application.
Created ad hoc reports, coordinated backlogs grooming, weekly status reports to senior directors and managers to provide insight on projects.
Performed UAT on applications including test planning, test execution, management defect remediation's and documentation of test results validate enhancements or bug/defect fixes prior to promoting changes to production.
Provided On call support and solution to vendors and stakeholders for our credit and applications.
Developed user training documentation & updated the knowledge base articles (KB) to improve support.
Coordinated and scheduled KT (Knowledge transfer) sessions to teams and support groups for efficient transition.

PROJECT MANAGER II 04/2019 to 05/2022
The Federal Savings Bank Chicago, IL
Involved in requirement gathering, analyzing the information, documenting the functional and non-functional requirements.
Served as a subject matter resource for 7 applications.
Developed user stories and functional requirement specifications for various web applications using JIRA.
Managed change request, prioritized, and assessed the impact of all work items, such as new features, defects, etc., including providing the decision to create, fix or defer at the project level.
Defined configuration specifications and business analysis requirements.
Performed quality assurance (UAT).
Defined and documented reporting and alerting requirements.
Developed a relationship with partners, working with them to optimize and enhance integration.
Helped design, document, and maintain the system processes during change management.
Report on common sources of technical issues or questions and make recommendations to product team.
Communicated key insights and findings to product team.
Constantly be on the lookout for ways to improve monitoring, discover issues and deliver better value to the customer.

PROJECT MANAGER 02/2017 to 03/2019
Guaranteed Rate Affinity Chicago, IL
Gathered requirements from business and users. Created the project documents, System Design and Technical Requirements documents.
Involved in testing the Sales and Service standard objects such as Leads, Accounts, Contacts, Opportunities, Forecasts, Contracts.
Prepared test status reports during test execution process, reported the defects to Business team lead and Development Manager.
Coordinated, scheduled, and lead proactive meetings to drive improvement and document meeting minutes and requirements.
Worked with multiple ETO teams and vendors to troubleshoot issues from 3rd party vendor & offshore teams.
Took ownership of the product backlogs, demo & participate/organize in daily stand ups.
Created weekly dashboard reports using Excel, Tableau, word, PowerPoint compiling production issue trends (Incidents) to drive continuous improvement and drive down re-occurring incidents.
Tracked tasks, milestones, issues and compiled data reports using excel
Work Closely with Product Owner/Stakeholder to understand business requirements and needs related to ServiceNow ITSM.
Oversaw Product/Technical Backlog by creating Stories/Spikes/Defect for all Sprints.
Greatly experienced in facilitating sprint ceremonies like Sprint Planning, Daily standup, Sprint Review, and interactive Sprint Retrospectives
Participated and lead most of our Agile meetings (Standup, sprint planning, backlog grooming, Retrospective, Demo).

JNR PROJECT MANAGER 02/2015 to 01/2017
Mr. Cooper Irving, TX
Constantly determined and translated business requirement into solution by defining comprehensive stories for system and process enhancement changes.
Partnering with Product Management and key stakeholders to foster innovation by translating rough business requirements into tangible, easy to understand user stories.
Created weekly status reports to senior directors and managers to provide insight on projects.
Performed UAT on applications including test planning, test execution, management defect remediation's and documentation of test results validate enhancements or bug/defect fixes prior to promoting changes to production.
Defining and updating product backlog according to client's requirement and ensuring prioritization of backlog.
Providing a clear perspective on customer goals and objectives for the scrum team, also monitored all phases of the product development lifecycle by making key decisions.
Interpreted Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae underwriting guidelines, procedures, policies, and agency bulleting to internal and external customers.
Inspected financial statements, credit information and title data to complete the underwriting process.
Assisted senior underwriters by collecting information concerning applicants and evaluated them based on standard underwriting guideline
Conducted agency audits, reviewed newly established underwriting guidelines working with Encompass. • Analyzed loan-to-value ratios, debt to income ratios and credit scores to make underwriting decisions.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science: Computer Science 07/2014
Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Awka, Nigeria.

CERTIFICATIONS

PMP - Project Management Professional Certified
CSM - Certified Scrum Master
Power BI, SQL, Data Science & Analytics (Colaberry certified)
Fraud Prevention and AML (Anti Money Laundering) -Certified
ServiceNow- Micro Certified

HOBBIES AND INTERESTS

Playing soccer, reading, brainstorming on new computer features and cooking Nigerian cuisine.

.

C
C
Contact this candidate