SARATH CHANDRAN. R Email: ad8kxs@r.postjobfree.com
Contact: +91–995-***-****, +91-944*******

Summary
Manager with 14 years of experience from the well-recognized organization in the field of fabrication and erection. Quality Assurance, Quality Control, Welding Inspection and conformity assessment of products and services. Having sound knowledge in Third Party Inspection, Raw Material Inspection, as per IS Standards and Approved QAP.
Experience:
Company MASS Milk Products Pvt Ltd (Nov 2019 – Still now)
Role Manager ( Plant)
Description: Monitoring daily production activities forecast the product orders and supply to customer. Follow up with procurement team for weekly and monthly review meetings forecast upcoming orders. Checking the plant maintenance activities Follow up with floor supervisor, manpower management. Create weekly and monthly reports.
Company Maldive Gas Private Limited., Maldives(Jan 2018 – Oct 2019)
Role Senior Engineer(Production &Engineering)
Description: Monitoring daily production activities, Checking daily cylinder sales quantity and handling sales cost, Preparing monthly & daily consumable reports. Lead Engineering staff in day to day activities to ensure the safe and efficient.Assures that all routine maintenance works are performed timely, Ensure that proper risk assessments are done for all operational activities, and all foreseeable hazards are identified, assessed and controlled. Ensure that employees have the information, instruction, training and supervision that they need to work safely. Complete performance reviews of staff and jointly determine areas of development and training requirements.
Company Sayed Hamid Behbehani&Sons.Co.W.L.L., Kuwait (July 2012 – July 2017)
Role Senior Project Engineer
Description: Site Management of substation for Kuwait National Petroleum Corporation (KNPC) 300/132 Kv. Elevated substations SEK, K.O.C. 11Kv. Conducting stage wise third party inspection as per quality plan. Responsible for preparation of all inspection documents and submission to client or Third Party inspection Agencies for approval. Responsible to ensure the inspection surveillance (hold, witness & review) by the inspection authorities are compiled with QAP. Conduct UT, MPI, PT & Radiography film tracing. Man power management & Vendor management.

PROJECTS(Construction)
New refinery projects,Packaged Substation - ALSOUR, K.N.P.C .
Elevated substations - SEK, K.O.C.
Packaged substation Clean Fuel Project (C.F.P) - KNPC.

Company Sakthi Fire Safety Equipments, Westmambalam,Chennai (Jan 2011 to May 2012)
Role Project Engineer
Description: Erection and commissioning of Hydrant system and addressable fire alarm system. Traceability of materials with respect to mill certificate for the receiving material like pipes, plates, flanges, elbows etc. Check the required Material and compare with ASME standards. Ensure the correct materials are utilized for all types of work. Conducts stage inspection based on quality assurance plan. Specification as per codes and standards and preparing all related Documents. ISO Documentation preparation and records maintenance. Minimize the wastage of welding consumables & work improvement
PROJECTS(Construction)
Pipe erection for Hydrant system &commissioning - Ramco cements ltd, Ariyalur.
Addressable Fire alarm system & commissioning - Nagarjuna Oil Corporation Limited,Cuddalore.
Hydrant system & Addressable Fire Alarm System, Erection &commissioning - Gamesa wind turbines private limited, chengelpet,Chennai.
Company M/s. S.M.Construction,C/c.Larsen & Toubro Limited, ECC Workshop, Kanchipuram (September 2009 to Dec 2010)
Role Site Engineer
Description: Conducting Inspection for De Aerator and condenser for Andhra Pradesh Power Development Company Ltd at Krishnapatnam Thermal Power Project (800MW). Responsible for preparation of all inspection documents and submission to client or Third Party inspection agencies for approval and bring notice about any possible deviation of specification and to get written approval for the same from the customer. Ensure the inspection surveillance (hold, witness & review) by the inspection authorities are compiled with QAP. Updating and maintaining the calibrations status for all instruments

PROJECTS(Heavy Fabrication)
Fabrication ofDe Aerator (Pressure vessel) - Andhra Pradesh Power Development Corporation Ltd.
Fabrication of Condenser(Pressure vessel) - Andhra Pradesh Power Development Corporation Ltd.

Responsibilities Handled:
Traceability of materials with respect to mill certificate for the receiving material like pipes, plates, flanges, elbows etc.
Check the required material and compare with ASME standards.
Responsible to ensure that correct materials are utilized for all types of work.
Responsible for conducting stage inspection based on quality assurance plan.
Responsible for inspection of machined components and raw materials from outside agencies and supplier.
Responsible for preparation of all inspection documents and submission to client or Third Party inspection agencies for approval.
Responsible for bringing into notice about any possible deviation of specification and to get written approval for the same from the customer.
Responsible to ensure the inspection surveillance (hold, witness & review) by the inspection authorities are compiled with QAP.
Achievements
Saved around more than 10% on supply costs by working closely with suppliers to ensure components met department quality standards.
Introduced and implement gauges to reduce rejection, inspection time and manual errors of inspections.
Improve the effectiveness of inspection by the use of gauges.
Trained and mentored over tens of construction workers, general laborers and apprentices.
Skill Sets
Preparation of Weld Plans, WPS, PQR, WPQ.
Specification as per codes and standards and preparing all related Documents.
To carryout Periodic inspection in the Shop floor and to ensure Quality of Welding
ISO - Documentation preparation and records maintenance.
Minimize the wastage of welding consumables & work improvement.
Train-up welders for minimizing weld defects.
Conduct UT, MPI, PT & Radiography film tracing.
Familiar with various Non-Destructive-Testing & Destructive-Testing practices.
Good knowledge in national and International codes, standards and practices related to heavy Fabrication.

Academic Qualifications
2009 B.E Mechanical Engineering Arunai Engineering College, Thiruvannamalai,Tamilnadu.
2005 HSC in State Board V. S. Boys Higher Secondary School, Thiruvarur, Tamilnadu.
2003 SSLC in State Board V. S. Boys Higher Secondary School, Thiruvarur, Tamilnadu.
Certified Courses Underwent
IES-PAAP-CAD Integrated Engineering Software Program on automobile and aerospace product development with CAD/CAM/CAE - CIPET(Central Institute of Plastic Engineering and Technology).
NDT (Non Destructive Testing-2010) (MPT, DPT, UT,RT) – Q Tech Institute of Nondestructive Testing & Welding Technology,Saidapet,Chennai.
CADD Diploma in Mechanical CAD Pro/E Wildfire 2.0+ CATIA - CADD centre training services, Vellore.
Software Proficiency:
Design packages Pro-E wild fire-3, Catia, Ansys, Mold flow, Unigraphics, SBM(Business module),Stru M.I.S.
Personal Profile
Date of Birth 12 April 1988
Gender Male
Marital Status Married
Languages Known Tamil, English, Hindi.
Address for Communication No: 392, Lakshmi Nagar,
Senthamangalam,
Thiruvarur, PinCode – 610001.
Passport Details
Passport no M5721147
Date of issue 11/03/2015
Date of expiry 10/03/2025
Declaration
I do hereby declare that the particulars of information and facts stated above are true and correct and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Date: August 29, 2024
(SarathChandran R)
Contact this candidate