O. Phillip Riley, CHA
**** ****** **** **.
Loganville, GA 30052
Cell 678-***-**** / email / ad8uf6@r.postjobfree.com Qualifications

My work history reflects progressive experience in all facets of Operations, Senior Management and ground up construction and Development of key assets acquiring outstanding guest satisfaction, quality assurance standards, financial accountability, teamwork and strategic master planning.
Experience with ground up commercial development, branding, positioning and master planning restaurants, hotels, resorts and casinos, housing, operational full-service, select service, extended stay, branded and independent hotels. Executive leadership experience in geographically dispersed multi- units, including restaurants such as Ruby Tuesdays, TGIF, Pizza Hut, Damon Ribs, and independent restaurants.
Re-engineering and re-positioning of hotels thru over 100 hotel renovations and improving marketing, merchandising and service concepts.
Multi-unit experience in operations, turn around and asset management positions, including experience with PRH, Dimension Development, John Q. Hammons, Prism Hotels, and Lodgian consisting of individual assets as well as entire portfolio assignments.
Authored unique training and job certification programs for every position resulting in improving motivational attitudes contributing to outstanding delivery processes.
Proven track record of strong working relationship with franchise brands, owners, senior management, architects, subcontractors, general managers and operational teams to achieve project and operational goals.
Evaluation analysis, analytical problem solving and implementation of job skills.
Delivery system mythology, implementation and monitoring, projects financial accountability.
International development experience with 1500 Housing Units, Six Flags International & $1.5 Billion Dollars Paramount Entertainment Theme Park.

Bluewater Holdings Group COO
As an International Consulting and Management Company, Bluewater Holdings Group, LLC, (“BWHG”) has a well- diversified collection of projects within multiple business sectors in top-tier markets. BWHG has a large corporate footprint in the Middle East, with offices and local representatives in Amman, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Oman, and Egypt and is well versed in the region’s business culture. Existing Projects locations vary from the Middle East & MENA Region with headquarters in Atlanta, Georgia. From 1500 Apartment Housing Units in Iraq, Refinery in Egypt, and Waste to Power as well as Solar applications and the development of Paramount Family Theme Park in Amman, Jordan.

PRH/ Atlanta GA President
November 1997 / 2019
Development of 4 & 5 Star Hotels, Resorts, including Corporate Culture & Operational issues. GM / Director of Hospitality Flagship Casino of Isle of Capri, consisting of 500 Rooms and Suites, 30k feet of conference space, Five Restaurants, Gift Shop, VIP Services, Valet, Housekeeping. A 39 million dollar Hospitality Budget.
Development of Training programs and establishment of Operational Standards and Systems.
Designed new programs related to HR, Accounting, F&B, as well as Sales and Marketing.
Development of Hotel, Resorts & Casinos to include master planning from conception to construction and opening and managing facilities.
Project manager for construction of Ho Chunk and Maskwaki hotels and Casino, Wisconsin Dells, Tama Iowa.
Conversion Radisson to Crowne Plaza Hotel project for Delaware Park, Delaware.
Management & Consulting throughout the US of multiple brands and independent properties.
Phased out of third party management contracts 2019. Dip Hotel Corp. -
Atlanta VP Director of Operations January 2003 to 2008 (Contract Management @ PRH)
Implementation of new company culture, systems, profile and operating philosophy of this multi-branded Hotel and Development Company. Asset Management of 9 hotels with multiple brands consisting of over 1000 guest rooms & 25% of the Atlanta Hartsfield Airport Market. Outpaced the competitive set & the market with improved house profit double by 60% & triple digit returns as well as creating a United Sales Team. This company built the new prototype in Atlanta that Intercontinental is successfully using to sell the new smaller full service Holiday Inn’s on Sugarloaf Parkway. Renovated all hotels. Embassy Suites
JQ Hammonds Des Moines, Iowa
November 1995 to November 1997 General Manager
Recruited by David Jones InterContinental Hotels
234 Suite Award Winning John Q. Hammons Hotel.
Budget Revenue of 12.5 million and first property of choice with in the Market
Increased market share, increased penetration to high-130’s.
ADR and occupancy reflected the improved customer service levels and teamwork
Director of Sales won the Embassy Suites Director of year for the entire brand system.
Performed off site catering for all city owned facilities and city amphitheater events.

Dimension Development Company, Inc. Shreveport, Louisiana
August 1991 to September 1995 Vice President and Director of Hotel Operations
Managed and directed the field and ownership of all full service properties
Assisted with all of the 28 properties in the portfolio, (Hilton, Sheraton, Homewood Suites, Hampton Inns, Holiday Inns, and a number of other franchise flags)
Largest Homewood Suites Franchisee and the development and construction of seven new builds.
Directed, monitored, coached and established an oversight management system whereby overall budgeted performance and cash flow delivered what was intended for outstanding guest services and ownership returns. Established Core Standards to, not only maintain the assets, but deliver an environment that enhanced guest services within seven different brands.
Directed an operational team and instituted a business plan and marketing procedures to Capitalize on uniqueness of individual properties, teamwork, renovations and feasibility studies. Franchise exposure includes experience with Hilton, Marriott, Doubletree, Embassy Suites, Hyatt, Radisson, Sheraton, Holiday Inn, Homewood Suites, Hawthorn Suites, Hampton Inns, etc., also independent Resorts and interaction with RTC, FDIC and various financial institutions. Exposure reflects progressive industry experience with over 300 hotels and served as the project manager with renovations of over 100 hotel properties

NOTABLES
John Q. Hammons / Embassy Suites – 234 Rooms – Des Moines, Iowa
Temple Inland / Radisson Town Lake Hotel and Suites – 400 Rooms – Austin, Texas
Doubletree Club / 400 Rooms - Louisville, Kentucky
Caesars’ Palace / Las Vegas, Nevada
Independent / Quadna Mt Resort/ Golf / Conference Center – 800 Rooms – Minnesota
Boyd Group / California Hotel – 900 Rooms and Original Sam’s Town, Las Vegas, Nevada
Flagship of Isle of Capri / 500 Rooms- Lake Charles, Louisiana Project Management
In 2007 participated in acquisition, company structure and financing for a Franchise Brand and the re- introduction of same from the Blackstone Group.
In 2008 assisted with the acquisition and financial structure of 17 hotels of the Lodgian Portfolio for Kronos Hotels located in Atlanta, GA. Restructure again in 2009 with Prism as receiver.
Acquisition Lead on a Crowne Plaza Hotel & Golf Club for Delaware Park, Wilmington Delaware.
Senior Director of Hospitality & GM of this Flagship Property of the Isle of Capri Hotel and Casino consisting of 500 Guest Rooms and Suites. Overall scope included Five Restaurants, White Table Cloth, Caribbean, Asian, Ala Carte, and a Seafood Buffet. Hskg, Front Desk, VIP, Retail, Guest Services. Hospitality Budget of 39 million dollars. (contract management position)
Co-Developed, Project Management and acted as owner’s representative as well as opened this Flagship Hotel and Casino in Tama, Iowa. Added 60,000sq.ft.of common space and a 208 room hotel with 15,000 feet convention space and multiple restaurants. Fast tracked the project from ground breaking to Grand Opening within eighteen months with coordination of owner, architects, contractor and subs.
Prepared Marketing Plan and Business Plan for the Worth Group, in preparation of future expansion plan
(250 guestrooms, 100k Special Event, 30k Convention Center, and Golf Course, in Washington.
Project consultant Black River Falls, Wisconsin, on expansion in the Wisconsin Dells (140 million dollars), 315 room Hotel, added 68k sq. ft. of common space to casino, 30k convention complex, multiple food restaurants. Four Star quality facility.
Completed infrastructure of a management company for a Fortune 200 Company (Temple Island) due to Management Company changes. Holiday Inn, Corpus and Radisson Town Lake, Austin, Texas owned by Temple Inland. Teamed with 3rd party accounting vendor of Talbert Hotel Corporation, Houston, Texas for these two 400 room excellent properties.

ACCOMPLISHMENTS
United States Air Force w/ Honorable discharge
Founding President of Parkview Merchants Association Board of Directors of the VCB and Iowa Lodging Association Board of Directors Atlanta Airport Chamber
Personal recognition by Museum Board, State of Minnesota. Hotel Certification, Hospitality Career
Held Gaming Licenses in Nevada, Iowa, and Louisiana. EDUCATION
Midland College, Fremont, Nebraska
Omaha College, Omaha, Nebraska
CHA, Proxy University of Michigan
Contact this candidate