Sheheli Zaman
Quality Manager
Selden, NY *****
ad8z8s@r.postjobfree.com
+1-631-***-****

WORK EXPERIENCE:

QA (Quality Assurance) Manager
Country Life Vitamins, Hauppauge, NY
**** **** -******t

Supervises a Quality Control Team of 20+ members daily with attention to detail across multiple departments from Manufacturing to Packaging, Receiving and Labeling.
Analyzes the Quality Team with overall Quality functions, GMP (Good Manufacturing Practice) Compliance and Quality of the products.
Identifies key indicators tracking quality metrics executing years of leadership skills.
Assures all team members are up to date and comfortable with working environments.
Reviews and approves Incident reports proficiently with deviations to identify Root cause and CAPA minimizing quality issues.
Very well rounded around all areas and has excellent vocal communication skills to bring the whole team together.
Coaches and trains the team with encouragement for maximum manufacturing efficiency.
Reviews and updates SOPs (Standard Operating Procedures) to identify the gaps in corrective actions.
Streamlines documentation process with continuous improvement from the current practices increasing cost saving for the company by significant numbers of percentages.
Maintained comprehensive QA documentation that supported successful audits.

QA (Quality Assurance) Manager
Global Tissue, Medford, NY
2021 January to July 2021

Assessed a team of 10 + members with Overall Quality functions involving GMP compliance generating reports to maintain review and up to date company AR.
Identified new strategies to implement better customer satisfaction.
Has a strong eye for detail and observation.
Showed Role model leadership and commitment to safety first culture ensuring that all Quality related activities are carried out safely and in line with company procedures.
Resolved any crisis in the lab or packaging area with a calm and respectful manner.
Followed and encouraged to maintain proper attendance and company guidelines.

QA (Quality Assurance) Manager
A & Z Pharmaceutical, Hauppauge, NY
2019 July to 2019 2020

Showed excellent communication and strong management skills.
Used Strong processing and documenting techniques to help improve company records and smooth operation flow.
Performed with maximum energy when it came to team building and training.
Prioritized planning and organizing to ensure smooth daily performance in the field. Utilized project management expertise for facilitating simultaneous complex projects and activities.

Quality Assurance Supervisor for Manufacturing, assisting in three Shifts.
NBTY, Bohemia, NY
2010 June-2019 July

Responsible for daily function of the QA associates in the Pharmacy that involves Blending, Granulation, Compression, Encapsulation, Coating, Inspection and many more.
Monitored Liquid and Packaging operations with review and approval.
Performed SOPs (Standard Operating Procedures) with Master Formula ensuring Rework and Amendment procedures with Change Controls & Protocols
Analyzed root cause and CAPA and assisted others.
Looked over Training Associates on the SOP, GMP and performed Safety observations.
Kept track of the training matrix for all departments to confirm we follow Audit observation.
Assisted others to identify the appropriate SOP for their training as required.
Built Team members of the BU-1 Leaders and actively participating in the activities, supporting for Quality site.
Provided weekly updates on KPI for Deviation and Packaging Investigation.
Trained and worked with management team to utilize HPS (high performance system) in place.

Quality Assurance Manager
Mini Graphics, Inc, Hauppauge, NY
2010 January – 2010 May

Oversaw reviewing, updating, training associates, implementing SOP’s and forms, handling customer complaints, investigations, and analyzing root cause and CAPA.
Enforce strategic plans based on accurate readings and documentations to better improve company growth.

Quality Assurance Documentation Audit Supervisor (2005-2010)
Forest Laboratories, Inc, Commack, NY
1998 January -2010 May

Responsible for the QA Documentation Audit Group, shipping releases and the labeling functions.
Worked with Regulatory, Marketing and vendor for the labeling updates.
Proofread to approve and prepare specifications, retired old version and implement new revision.
Changed control, APR, writing and reviewing deviations, investigations and CAPA, performing DEA checks for control substances.
Reviewed clinical study packaging protocols generating validation summary reports.
Trained QA and Packaging Associates.

Senior Quality Assurance Inspector
Altana, Inc, Melville, NY
1994 February – 1998 January

Accountable for releasing and monitoring Pharmacy, Granulation, Compounding & Compression.
Sterile Packaging areas, reviewing batch records, calibrate scales & process Return Materials.

Senior Quality Assurance Floor Inspector & Coordinator
Halsey Drug Company, Inc, Brooklyn, NY
1987 March -1994 January

Monitored performances in the field and generated reports detailing quality of product.
Evaluated final products to reduce defect rates.
Performed with solid leadership to collaborate with the whole team ensuring company guidelines were met.

CERTIFICATIONS:

SUFFOLK COUNTY FOOD MANAGER CERTIFICATION
GOOD MANUFACTURING PRACTICE CERTIFICATION (GMP)
HAZARD ANALYSIS CRITICAL CONTROL POINT (HACCP)

Technical Skills & Software:
Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Outlook)
SAP: System applications and products in data processing
WMS: Warehouse management system
VIPs: Value improving Practices
Track-Wise: Quality management system (QMS)
PQM: Project Quality Management
AS400
ORACLE
CERIDIAN
EMP & FUSION
PLANET
LEADERSHIP
HIPPA

Additional accomplishments:

Family Food Business – Al Imran Grocery Halal Meat, 2009-2017
Dealing with USDA, New York State Law, and outside Vendors.
American Society for Quality (ASQ) Auditing training.
NSF Food Safety Audit.

EDUCATION:
Degree: Bachelor of Arts
University of Dhaka, Bangladesh
Degree: Bachelor of Arts & Science
Suny Farmingdale College

Looking for an opportunity where I can utilize my experience, continuous improvement, strong technical knowledge, and Leadership Skills, to grow within the Company.
Contact this candidate