Donnella Bernard-Lortz
+1-972-***-****
ad9aca@r.postjobfree.com
Mesquite, TX 75150

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Summary

Work experience
Office Manager
Planet Ford - Dallas, TX
July 2023 to Present
High energy individual who is motivated to keep Collision Center operation running smoothly and efficiently.
Worked technicians, estimators and senior department manager.
Schedule and coordinate vehicle repair processes.
Assure proper damage analysis during initial inspection of vehicles.
In process quality assurance
Work with Body shop manager to assure equipment is maintained
Timely and professional communication with customers as needed.
Parts Administrator
Premier Truck Group - Dallas, TX
April 2021 to July 2023
Responsible for posting receipts and outside purchases from Parts Counter personnel.
Responsible for parts maintenance updates (e.g. pricing, super sessions, etc) and any other parts information deemed relative.
Responsible for processing parts charges and cash sales invoices.
Breakdown mail-out’s, file copies and accounting documents.
Check off cash sales from report daily.
Complete accounting on internal invoices.
Process purchase orders, pick-up daily, place into A-Z file, match-up invoices to packing slips.
Complete the accounting on purchase orders and the invoices, match and give to Parts Manager.
Responsible for matching Freight liner invoices with packing slips
Customer Relations- Estimator Assistance
Rusty Wallis Collision
July 2018 to January 2021
Inbound, Outbound calls to promote Collision Appointments. Meet and greet customer's arrival to showroom. Assist customer's of authorization form's, insurance claim numbers and contact. Walk around vehicle with customer marking damage, Photo's of Vehicle Identification Number (VIN), Miles and Fuel.
Customer's requesting a "Tow In": Chubb's Towing Service is called to assist customer needs and Insurance request.
Access to CDK - opening and closing tickets: CCC Estimating - view estimate, mark vehicle to tag call: Repair Tracker- Input new customer information, update for review of Insurance claims: Collections of past monies.
Enterprise Rental: Updated customer rental when truing in Enterprise Keys.
Verify Total Loss: Insurance Companies, Customer contact customer to release vehicle for Iaa or Copart to pick up for salvage. Vehicle's that are a Total Loss is to be pick up by tow from either IAA (Insurance Auto Auction) and Copart.
Heavy Cash, Credit Lentos Software, Verify Customer payments, if applied to collision claim, Insurance Check's, Confirm of Customer Claim under the Collision Participation Program, Sherwin Williams supplies check in and check out with body shop employees.
Overseer of Body Shop Manager, Estimator Phone Appointment's, Walk in's & Vehicle Recheck.
Assistant Store Manager
Line X Of Dallas
November 2018 to November 2018
Custom spray bed liner for customer vehicle needs: City of Dallas Vehicle's.
Hard to fnd accessories and items to meet customer needs.
Quick Book Software knowledge of Payments and Deposit daily to Corporate Office.
Google Review: 5 Stars
Receptionist
Dallas Dodge Jeep
September 2016 to October 2018
Inbound calls to sales, service, parts. CDK, Reynolds & Reynolds, ADP and Dealer Track.
Licence Plates and Registration issued to customers by phone and in person. Meet and greet each customer pond arrival to the dealership. Screen calls to General Manager and the ability to set appointments. Sale Tags, Borrowed Vehicle Tags, Input Purchase Orders for vendors.
Receptionist / Service Advisor
Fenton Hyundai
February 2016 to September 2016
Multi-level phone system, Licence plates and Registration tags called and in CDK system. Screen necessary calls to the General Manager. Meet and greet customers on service drive. Write up vehicles on Reynolds and ADP applications. Perform walk around on each vehicle for customer needs. Provide several options of oil changes, tire rotations, and any other needs of the vehicle with a MPI inspection provded with each customer. Customer service survey from Hyundai has always been a 5.
Supervisor
Sears Parts
March 2011 to February 2016
Locate hard to find parts on all major appliances. Software input obtaining parts of customer needs. Heavy phone, walk in customers. Walk in service of lawn mowers, weed, blowers at are needed for repair. Follow up phone calls to customers repairs. Opening and closing procedure of count down of register, lock and set alarm systems. Daily deposit, and log in computers for daily needs. Accomplishments include Business Award Winner 2014, District Award Customer Service 2014, Top Customer Survey National Award.
Title Clerk
Adesa Auto Auction - Wilmer, TX
August 2009 to March 2011
August 2009 to March 2011
Assign vehicle titles to Dealership of purchase to vehicles. Provided excellent service to dealers with proper titles and paperwork and gate passes for each vehicle purchase. On call phone operator for breaks and lunches.
Education
Associate in Mesquite ISD Community Education
North Lake College
June 1990
Mesquite High School Graduate
May 1987
Skills
Customer service
CentOS
DEALER TRACK
Communication skills
E-commerce
CCC ESTIMATING SOFTWARE
Customer service
Cash register
Windows
Warehouse management
Store management
Clerical experience
CEPOS
Accounting
CentOS
Pricing
Automotive repair
Sales
ADP
Accounts payable
Accounts payable
Management
Business development
Driving
AUTO ESTIMATING
Dealership experience
Team management
Freight
CDK
English
REYNOLDS & REYNOLDS
Accounting software
Customer support
DEALERSHIP EXPERIENCE - 10+ years
Cash handling
Basic math
Do you want to add any of these skills?
Do you want to add any of these skills?
Certifications and licenses
Driver's License
Do you want to add any of these?
Do you want to add any of these?
©2024 Indeed - Cookies, Privacy and Terms - Your Privacy Choices
Contact this candidate