David M. Reuter
262-***-****
ad9cn0@r.postjobfree.com
With over 20 years of experience in quality management, operations management, lean manufacturing, and continuous and process improvement, I recently was employed as a Kaizen Specialist and Quality Assurance Manager for a leading provider of dynamometers and test systems for the automotive, industrial, and military markets. I am passionate about applying my skills and knowledge to enhance the quality, efficiency, and performance of our products and services, and to ensure compliance with the industry standards and customer requirements.

As a certified ISO 9001:2015 Internal Auditor, Six Sigma Black Belt, Six Sigma Green Belt, Lean Enterprise and Leadership, I am proficient in quality documentation, dimensional measurement, root cause analysis, corrective and preventive actions. Another skill that I feel is a great asset, is my ability to read and partner with most everyone I work with. A good part of my role was to successfully conduct internal and external audits, manage quality systems and databases, and initiate quality alerts, SLP’s, SOP’s, and Work Instructions for production. The larger portion of my responsibilities were contributing to the manufacturing process improvement by proactively working on the floor with production, monitoring and maintaining quality standards and work instructions, and implementing lean methodologies and tools. I am always eager to learn new techniques and best practices, and to collaborate with my internal and external clients to achieve excellence and satisfaction.
Experience
Kaizen Specialist and Quality Assurance Manager
Power Test Inc., Nov 2021 - Present 2 years 3 months, Sussex, WI
Conducted Kaizen events and Continuous Improvement projects with cross-functional businesses. Created and instituted an In-line manufacturing cell that took a single unit flow to a multi-unit flow. Integrated a line side Kan-Ban system with Receiving and Warehouse. Benefits: Increased throughput, reduced lead-time, increased inventory control while reducing overall inventory. While improving quality and efficiency, we also increased output from (1) unit every 10 weeks to (3) units every 8 weeks, increasing profitability from $800,000 to $2.3M.
Quality Specialist- (contract)
Xylem, Pewaukee A/C Custom Pumps, May 2021 - Aug 2021 4 months, Pewaukee, WI
Successfully conducted a 3-month Internal Audit and Investigation for the previous 5 years in preparation for a 3rd party OSHA and ISO9001:2015 Audit.
Assisted in the Quality Department and Manufacturing, verifying and assembling hydro pumps for completion.
Quality Manager
CI-DELL Plastics, Oct 2019 - May 2021 1 year 8 months, Mequon, WI
Wrote and maintained the Quality Standards and Work Instructions determined Best of Brand for the Company and Clients.
Maintained all Measurement devices for the plant, including the documentation and inspection as needed.
Maintained and addressed all CAR's for returned and unreturned products, determining cause of defect and initiated Quality Alerts along with Visual and Written instructions (multiple languages) for Production.
Continued to grow the Quality System Management database to include all departments concerning SLP's, WI's and other pertinent documentation. Also managed Internal audits as well as 3rd party audits.

Quality Assurance Specialist- (contract)
Reynolds Machine, Jan 2019 - May 2019 5 months, New Berlin, WI
Conducted manual Dimensional Tolerance measurements on end product, 1st off and incremental pulls. Also utilized a CMM for specific product for outlier measuring, editing programs when necessary.
Prepared PPAP's and PFMEA's when needed.
Quality Manager
PM Plastics - High Volume Plastic Injection Molding Experts, Sep 2017 - Aug 2018 1 year, Pewaukee, WI
Along with a crew of 7 Quality Inspectors, monitored and maintained the Quality Standards and Work Instructions set forth by the Company and Clients.
Maintained all Measurement devices for the plant including the documentation and inspection as needed.
Maintained and addressed all CAR's for returned product as well as unreturned, determining cause of defect and initiated Quality Alerts along with Visual and Written instructions (multiple languages) for Production.
Instituted a Form-Fit-Function Quality Standard that adhered to the Standards of our Clients while reducing overall YTD waste by 38%.Show less
Quality Supervisor
Milcut Inc., Sep 2016 - Jun 2017 10 months, Menomonee Falls, WI
Managed Key Performance Metrics, Statistical Process Control, New Project Management and First Article Inspection, including CMM validation.
Instituted Lean Methodology concerning PFMEA’s, PPAP’s and the Continuous Improvement Program saving hundreds of hours in data entry.
Eliminated waste in the Production and Quality/IT areas saving approximately $40,000.00+.
Succeeded in re-instituting the Continuous Improvement program, reducing the inherited number of open CI’s from 225 to 15 (long term projects).
Quality Control Supervisor
PM Plastics - High Volume Plastic Injection Molding Experts, Sep 2015 - Jun 2016 10 months, Pewaukee, WI
Lead the Quality department in New Project Management and First Article Inspection, specific to approving Electrical and Motorized promotional advertisement.
Instituted auto-population concerning PFMEA’s, PPAP’s and the Continuous Improvement Programs saving hundreds of hours in data entry.
Began a Form-Fit-Function Quality Training Program for machine operators and assembly workers. The first 6 months realized a $40,000.00 decrease in YTD waste.
Quality Assurance Analyst- (internship)
Lamplight Farms, LLC, Mar 2014 - Jul 2014 5 months, Menominee Falls, WI
Conducted daily audits of Production lines to verify raw material specs, final product and maintain production standards.
Managed Variance Analysis tests on weight and volume equipment after changeovers to determine consistency during runs.
Created and updated databases to track the Analysis test data for Production and Management teams.
Inspected incoming raw materials from International suppliers to verify Compliance.
Project Manager
Kleen Test Products, Jan 2012 - Feb 2013 1 year 2 months, Port Washington, WI
Managed the aspects of Conceptual Projects, including estimates and new price bids.
Researched new product technologies and implementing new processes with the Engineering, Production and Chemist groups (Green Initiative).
Coordinated with engineers to ensure machinery, tools, labor, equipment and final product met the customer’s expectations and satisfaction while keeping projects on budget and in time.
Handled the acquisition of new products and materials, both foreign and domestic, and determined contract pricing with current suppliers.
Production Supervisor / Quality Assurance / Account Management
Quad Graphics, 1996 - 2009 13 years, West Allis/Pewaukee, WI
Appointed to the Management Team for West Allis/Pewaukee Imaging Department, LEAN Team Advisor for Corporate Scheduling and West Allis plant ISO/QSM Lead trainer.
Developed, trained and sustained ISO 9001:2000 procedures and work instructions, 6S and Lean Methodology for a staff of 48.
Managed working relationships with vendors and clients to build valuable partnerships and loyalties.
Handled operational issues with efficiency and excellent problem solving skills to ensure all administrative and account management processes function properly to customer satisfaction.
Education
Waukesha County Technical College
Associate Degree- Quality Management, 2013 - 2015
Activities and Societies: National Technical Honor Society
Dean's List- Honors 2013, 2014, 2015: GPA 3.6
Marian University
Associate Degree (3 credits needed)- Operations Management and Supervision, 1993 – 1996
GPA 3.8
Volunteer Experience
Head Coach- Junior Basketball Program: Waukesha West High School, Aug 2000 - May 2010 9 yr. 10 mo.
Knights of Columbus, 3rd Degree Knight, Sep 1993 - Present 30 years 5 months

Licenses & Certifications
Core Business Solutions, Inc.
ISO9001:2015 Lead Quality Internal Auditor, Issued Dec 2019
ISO9001:2015 Safety Facilitator, Issued Sep 2019
Waukesha County Technical College
Excellence in Leadership, Issued May 2015
LEAN Enterprise, Issued Dec 2014
State of Wisconsin
Six Sigma Black Belt, Issued May 2015
Six Sigma Green Belt, Issued Dec 2014
ISO 9000:2001 Registered Quality Internal Auditor
STAT-A-MATRIX Institute, Issued Jun 2003, Credential ID T-30-9449
Honors & Awards
Honors- National Technical Honor Society, Dec 2013-2015
Eagle Scout-- BSA: June 1, 1980
Contact this candidate