Shweta Deshmukh
440-***-**** adbcsk@r.postjobfree.com
Pursuing an opportunity, which invites me to utilize my technical and analytical expertise in a QA Manual/Automation Testing role and challenges me in learning about a new domain.
Technical Experience Summary:
Experience in Manual and Automated Testing in different testing methodologies like Agile, Scrum, Waterfall.
Good Knowledge with Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC).
Possess strong analytical and problem-solving skills with the ability to adapt to a new environment and meet stringent deadlines.
Ability to conduct RAD, JAD sessions and carry out the entire process on my own.
Analyzed Business requirements.
Experienced as a Business Analyst in a role of responsibility encompassing Requirement Gathering, Decomposition and Analysis besides Quality Assurance.
Actively involved in preparing and writing the business requirement documents (BRD), functional requirement documents (FSD).
Utilized MS Visio for designing Activity Diagrams and Sequence Diagrams, after accessing the status and scope of the project and understanding the business processes.
Experience on HP Quality Center (ALM – Application Life Cycle Management).
Good Knowledge of complete defect life cycle and Requirement traceability matrix (RTM).
Good Knowledge of ETL (Extract Transform Load) testing tool.
Proficiency in Structured Query Language (SQL), Joins, PL/SQL stored procedures & Triggers.
Experience in using TOAD to execute SQL queries.
Good knowledge on HP UFT (Unified Functional Testing) for Automation testing, parameter function, recording mode and HP LoadRunner for performance testing.
Hands on Experience on testing web services (SOAP, REST) using SOAP UI Tools.
Good experience in handling custom objects, exception handling/Recovery Scenarios in QTP/UFT and familiar with String functions, Date functions, Math functions and other related QTP/UFT functions.
Good experience in QTP/UFT – VB Script programming standards and developed reusable functional libraries.
Expertise in working with Selenium IDE and Selenium Web Driver for Automation testing and HP QC (quality Center) for test management.
Experience in writing CSS Selectors, Xpath expressions to identify web elements.
Working knowledge on Test Plan and Test Strategy.
Good experience in designing and executing Test Cases.
Experience in Functional testing, Regression testing, UAT (User acceptance testing), Integration testing, Unit Testing, Smoke testing, Ad-Hoc testing etc.
Good Team Player with excellent analytical, inter-personal, communication (oral and written) skills with problem-solving and trouble-shooting capabilities. Highly motivated and can adapt to work in
any new environment. Possesses the ability to handle multiple tasks with less supervision.

Technical Skills:
Operating Systems:
Windows OS, UNIX
Testing Tools:
Toad, Selenium, HP Quick Test Professional/UFT, HP LoadRunner, Quality Center, JIRA, ALM, ETL, SoapUI
Languages:
SQL, C, Java, VB Script
Database:
Oracle, MS/SQL server
Methodologies:
Waterfall, Agile
Microsoft Tools:
MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, MS Access, MS Visio

Education:
Master’s In computer management. (M.C.M)
Quality Assurance Engineering (QA) Goodwill University (Completed in October 2019)

Goodwill Opportunity Campus (Projects) Charlotte NC. June 2019 –October 2019

Project: Online Banking System
Tools used: HP JIRA, MS Excel
Worked closely with the Business Analysts and the Business users to understand the requirements and Business flow of the application.
Worked in Agile-Scrum Methodology and attended sprint planning meetings.
Participated in daily Scrum and reviewed User Stories.
Created test scenarios, test cases, test data.
Performed Functional, Regression testing.
Executed the manual and automated scripts.
Logged and verified the fixes of the defects in JIRA.
Participated in root cause analysis with developers.
Prepared the Test Summary Report at the end of each round of Testing.
Analysis of change requests.
Provide KT to the new members.

Project: E-commerce Platform
Worked in Agile environment, attended daily stand up SCRUM meetings.
Reviewed Business requirements (User Stories) with Business Analyst and Project manager, Product owner, Team lead, technical architects and developers.
Designed, developed and executed Test Plan, and Test Cases, Strategies.
Written Requirement traceability matrix (RTM), status reports on Test cases and Defects.
Executed SQL queries and joins using TOAD to validate the data.
Found defects and worked with Developers to resolve the defects.
Emailed to Developers to debug the issue.
Validated the web reports by executing SQL queries and joins in TOAD tool.
Managed test case, defects and reports in HP Quality Center (ALM).
Project: MRF Tires
Role: Developer
Responsibilities:
Tools used: ORACLE DB, ORCLE FORMS, SQL
Developed POS system as part of course requirement towards Master’s In computer management
Interacted with the users to understand the requirements.
Responsible for coordinating with Project Owners, Business Sponsors to identify all In Scope & out of Scope items and finally documented them in the Scope Document.
Identified Use Cases and wrote Use Case Narratives.
Performed GAP analysis of AS IS and TO BE systems and modeled them to understand the impact of the different versions and patches of the software across all the sites.
Gathered business requirements by creating business process flow diagrams using MS-Visio.
Using Oracle Forms and Oracle developed POS system for MRF retailer.
Performed QA testing.
Provide KT to the new members.

Info planet IT training center
Taught Oracle and assisted students in the LAB
Contact this candidate