Name: Dr. PRASENJIT BAKSHI
Contact Number: +91-988*******/861-***-****
Email ID: adc1eq@r.postjobfree.com
DOB: 1972. General Manager - Production & Operations- ATTIC PRODUCTS - JODHPUR.INDIA

APPLICATION FOR THE POSITION OF GENERAL MANAGER PRODUCTION & OPERATIONS/PRODUCTION MANAGER- Furniture & Home Decor
Result-driven Chief of Operations & Supply Chain Manager, Business Leader, Customer Service & International Marketing & Export professional with over 22 years of experience and a Doctor of Business& Management. I can provide an appropriate skill set to handle challenging positions. Effective Goal Oriented Team Leader with strong communication and interpersonal skills. An Adept Negotiator, I am passionate about the product and strive for delivering margins and achieving delivery commitments through meticulous planning. Complete team player who leads by example. Excellent communication and analytical skills helping cultivate lasting relationships with clients and negotiate lucrative contracts with vendors. Thrives in dynamically changing environment and is constantly seeking to achieve new mile stones.

Core Strengths

Product Design, Development and Sourcing
Global Sales, Exports & Logistic Development, Warehousing and Negotiations
Production Management, Distribution and Manufacturing

Strategic Vendor Development, Partnership and Alliance Building.
Research & Development, New Finish.
Social Compliance & Technical Audit.
Buying, International Marketing & Merchandising

Major Customers :USA- KOHLS, H&M, BELK, JO-ANN STORES, RESTORATION HARDWARE, PIER1, MARMAX GROUP, TARGET.HOME DEPOT,ANTHROPLOGIES, JO-ANN STORES LLC.,ROSS STORES, ARHAUS, BIG LOTS, BALLARD DESIGNS, AARON BROTHERS, URBAN OUTFITTERS, KOHLS,WALMART., BIG LOTS, BED BATH & BEYOND, HALLMARKS.

FRANCE-LA REDOUTE, CASTORAMA, LA MAISON DE VALERIE, CASTORAMA, PIMKIE HOME, ELCORATE.

SPAIN-ZARA HOME, ELCORATE, ITEM INTERNATIONAL,

ENGLAND-MONSOON HOME, B&Q,DEBNHAMS, MARK AND SPENCERS.

GERMANY-HEIN, KLINGEL, IMPRESSIONEN

AUSTRALIA-WOOLWORTH, TARGET.

Job Description:-

International & Sales, Marketing & Mercendising Management

Thriving to achieve & Satisfying needs and wants of the Buyers through an exchange process for Home Furniture & Hard & Soft Goods Exports & Interior Designing Division.
Coordinate with the Visual Merchandising & Designing team for effective coordination with the buyers for display, displays, samples and photo shoots
To Increase the product's sales/revenue which may stimulate more marketing, Perfect Samples & communications to sustain sales.
Monitoring the performance of the Product Management & Sampling team for timely dispatch & display of Samples.
Reacting to Buyers demand and stay in line with the trend requirement & quality.
Coordination of the Marketing department & Merchandising Team would draw up marketing plans, strategies and communications to meet the target price & quantity.
Working closely with the Production Team on the order management - to ensure the timely delivery schedules and deliverables are met at the requisite quantity and quality.
Mentoring and guiding the team - development & product related issues and mediate between clients and vendors to solve teething problems.
Working with the Buyers team to help in understanding the business requirement and provide guidance in order to achieve the desired results.

Conduct business meetings and group discussion with the team to exchange new ideas, experiences & suggestions which can help them in handling their accounts effectively.

Production & Sampling Management

Thriving to achieve the yearly Production & Sample Planning and Manufacturing given for Home Furniture & Hard Goods Exports & Interior Designing Division.
Manage Inventory based on the assigned stock cover In case of higher cover coordinate with the planning team to execute the exit plan to the slow movers.
Monitoring the performance of the Territories and their requirements
Reacting to any customer demand and stay in line with the trend requirement.
Coordinate with the VM team for effective displays and photo shoots
Working closely with the team on the order management - to ensure the timely delivery schedules and deliverables are met at the requisite quantity and quality.
Mentoring and guiding the team - development & product related issues and mediate between clients and vendors to solve teething problems.
Working with the team to help in understanding the business requirement and provide guidance in order to achieve the desired results.
Conduct business meetings and group discussion with the team to exchange new ideas, experiences & suggestions which can help them in handling their accounts effectively.

Operation Design & Control Management

Operations management is primarily concerned with planning, organizing and supervising in the contexts of production, manufacturing or the provision of services.
Designing and controlling the process of Production and redesigning Business Operations in the Production of Goods & Services.
Managing an entire production system which is the process that converts input in the forms of raw materials, labour, and energy into outputs in the form of goods and services or delivers a product.
Operations is one of the major functions in an organization along with supply chains, marketing, finance and human resources. .
Requires Management of both the strategic and day-to-day production of goods.
Managing Manufacturing & Service Operations several types of decisions are made including Operations strategy, Product design, Process design, Quality management, Capacity, Facilities planning, Production planning and Inventory control.
Operations management teams attempt to balance costs with revenue to achieve the highest net operating profit possible.
Operations management is the administration of business practices to create the highest level of efficiency possible within an organization

Operations management is primarily concerned with planning, organizing and supervising

Finance, Project & Logistic Management
Business transaction that would include Capital Budgeting. Decisions are capital budgeting, capital structure, and working capital management.
Useful for portfolio management, distribution of dividend, capital raising, hedging and looking after fluctuations in foreign currency and product cycles.
Determine quality and timing of deliveries for on time Exports.
To ensure Project management is the practice of Initiating, Planning, Executing, Controlling, and Closing the work of a team to achieve specific goals and meet specific success criteria at the specified time.
To achieve all of the project goals within the given constraints. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Project_managementThis information is usually described in project documentation, created at the beginning of the development process. The primary constraints are scope, time, quality and budget.
The objective of project management is to produce a complete project which complies with the client's objectives. In many cases the objective of project management is also to shape or reform the client's brief to feasibly address the client's objectives.
The application of Bar codes or Tags is a type of automation for logistics management too as it uses different types of software to control.
Logistics management is a part of the supply chain management that governs the business of shipping & Exports with its vital needs. It also ensures the suitable implementation and control of the business of shipping freight that will provide the most efficient and effective results and profits.

WareHousing & Distribution & Supply Chain Operation Management
Warehousing plays a vital role in the supply chain process.
Reverse flow and storage of goods, services, and related information between point of origin and point of consumption to meet customer's requirements.
Warehousing and warehouse management are part of the logistics management system, which in itself is part of the supply chain.
Warehousing plays a fundamental role in the logistics system. Inbound functions assist to prepare for storage as well as outbound functions pack and ship orders, resulting in benefits for both the business and customers.
Distribution can be done directly by the producer or service provider, or using indirect channels with distributors or intermediaries.
Decisions about distribution need to be taken in line with a company's overall strategic vision and mission.
At the strategic level, there are three broad approaches to distribution, namely mass, selective or exclusive distribution.
Design, planning, execution, control, and monitoring of supply-chain activities with the objective of creating net value, building a competitive infrastructure, leveraging worldwide logistics, synchronizing supply with demand and measuring performance globally.
The management of the flow of goods and services, involves the movement and storage of raw materials, of work-in-process inventory, and of finished goods from point of origin to point of consumption.
Four major elements of supply chain management: integration, Operations, Purchasing and distribution.

Vendor Management & Sourcing
Liaise between suppliers, manufacturers, timber merchants, relevant internal departments and customers.
Travel to the Fairs to source new vendors which can add value to the business, in terms of better pricing and newness. Seek and partner with reliable vendors and suppliers
Determine quality and timing of deliveries for on time Exports.
To ensure suppliers are aware of Concepts business objectives and requirements.
Maintain and develop vendor s base by active scouting, vendor capability/capacity evaluation, etc.
Build and maintain relationships with vendors with aim of long term partnership.
Attend fairs/exhibitions, product demonstrations and collate information for discussion with clients
Develop New Vendor base and analyze their Product line, Social Compliance, Knock Down Design, based on the client s requirement.

Team Management:

Conduct group discussions to exchange new ideas amongst team members
Encourage the team to share thoughts and best practices to better result orientation and self-development
Involve in Business Development, Budgeting and Planning.
Scouting for new categories/ new ideas and presenting potential ideas to buyers.
Analysing & discussing new trends with the clients for the future development during our visit to overseas exhibitions.
Sourcing for new product range and per the seasonal/core requirement, sharing inspirations & mood boards required by the client.
Following up with short listed product ideas with sample survey, evaluation, price negotiation and order.

WORK EXPERIENCE:

ATTIC PRODUCTS-BORANADA-INDIA

Designation: GENERAL MANAGER-PRODUCTION& OPERATIONS JODHPUR

Key Responsibilities: Production /Manufacturing/ Overall Operation Management/Business Development / Sourcing / Strategic Alliance / Vendor Development/Logistic Management/Exports, Audits.etc.

Categories: Joinery & Furniture Manufacturing, Home Furniture, Kitchen Furniture, Outdoor Furniture, Home Décor, Gift Items, Metal Furniture, Upholstered Items, Marble Furniture, Stone & Semiprecious Stone Table Decor & Export Division. (Using Chemically Treated & Seasoned Timber. Timber using regularly are Rose Wood, Teak, Acacia, Mango, Pine, Beach, etc.)

Duration: May 2016to till Date

PAGE ME ART UK LTD.

Designation: GENERAL MANAGER-OPERATION
Duration: Feb.2004 to Jan 2016

Job Description

Leading Page Me Art s Manufacturing & Operations for the purpose of Exports & Interior Designing in Furniture ProductionDivision.
Identifying new Products/Categories, Planning Budgets/Sales.
I am responsible for sourcing and vendor development in India,Indonesia and China.
Also responsible for setting up and streamliningproduction, joinery & interior designingand distribution channel in Europe, UAE &Africa in co-ordination with off shore offices.
Responsible for Research & Development
Looking After HRD & Recruitment.
Responsible for the P&L of India Operations/

Achievements:
Successfully streamlining India Office Operations
Helped in Increased business volume from USD$7 Million to USD$22 Million
Instrumental in sourcing right fit suppliers and successfully executing business with them.
Providing complete back end support to overseas offices and help them plan distribution channels in UK, UAE &Africa.
Leading a Team of 700 Bearers.
Successfully forming the India Office team.
Responsible to adhere to the department budget and plan all expenditure in accordance to annual budget most diligently.
Achieved on time Delivery efficiency to 99% from 80%.
Improved Staff Productivity and reduce the operational costs at less than 3.0% of the business turnover.

Renowned Brands Worked :
HERITAGE FURNITURE UK LTD.
NATURAL GIFTWEAR UK LTD.
MONSOON (U.K.)
ITEM INTERNATIONAL SL-SPAIN
ORCHIDA SRL-ITALY
Pier 1 Imports USA
LIZ CLAIBORNE (U.S.A.)
BALA BOOSTE (FRANCE)
BIJOUX BRIGETTE (GERMANY)
ESPRIT (GERMANY)
PACIFIC TRADE INTERNATIONAL USA
PARK HYATT
GRAND HYATT
INTERCONTINENTAL-NAIROBI
TAJ

JAITEX EXPORTS PVT.LTD.
Duration: April1998 to Jan 2004
Designation: General Manager Production

Key Responsibilities: Joinery Manufacturing / Sourcing / Vendor Development / Strategic Alliance / Operation Management / Resource Planning & Allocation / Human Resource Development
Categories : Wooden Furniture & Gift Items

Job Description:

Leading team of 100 people and managing 7 clients. Handling business worth USD 8 million.
Develop, implement and manage sourcing strategies in order to meet company and client objectives.
To identify and propose the right mix of vendors to client and form a strategic alliance.
Build and foster proactive workplace environment conducive to highest level of employee participation.
Monitor, review, evaluate and implement procedures and make sure all client protocols are respected.
Lead and direct team members, suppliers and ensure compliance to the International standards.
Managing and ensuring a well managed Management Information System (MIS).
Make sure in maintaining constant communication and interaction with the support teams of Quality Assurance. Leading them to make sure that the required quality standards are met in allocated production lead times.
Team building and motivating team members by offering new challenges, opportunities and responsibilities resulting in stronger and dedicated team.
Responsible to adhere to the department budget and plan all expenditure in accordance to annual budget most diligently.

Achievements:

Achieved on time Delivery efficiency to 99% from 96%.

V.J. HOMES PVT. LTD.
Duration: March1997 to April 1998
Designation: Factory Manager
Key Responsibilities: Manufacturing/ Sourcing / Vendor Development / Product Development / Price Negotiations and Merchandising follow-ups
Categories :Wooden Furniture & Handicrafts

Job Description:
.
Manufacturing & Sourcing products and strengths to Buyers as there is intense competition with different sourcing offices to increase turnover.
Sourcing Identify new vendors based on the norms of Carrefour and utilize their core strength to facilitate competitive costing & product development.
Establish and maintain vendor partnerships while executing negotiation strategies relative to product costs, terms and shipping / return issues.
Responsible for monitoring the supply chain & plan for successful order execution.
Close interaction with the overseas team, building their confidence in the India team resulting in a significant increase in the business turnover and a greater share of the newer product categories, including the Basics business, despite a dynamic business environment.
Order processing and allocation keeping in view product suitability for each vendor enabling more effective business allocation.
Analyse the performance of vendors at the end of every season and aim to consolidate business with fewer vendors forming strategic alliances with them and phasing out the in-competent vendors.

Academic Background

DOCTOR OF BUSINESS & MANAGEMENT -2013
MASTER OF BUSINESS & MANAGEMENT -2007
BACHELOR OF COMPUTER SCIENCE-1994
ADVANCE DIPLOMA IN COMPUTER ENGINEERING-1995.

Language Known

ENGLISH
HINDI
BENGALI
MARWARI

Date of Birth

22/03/1972

E-Mail

Total Experience *
adc1eq@r.postjobfree.com

20 YRS+

In which all manufacturing sector had worked with

WOOD/IRON/GLASS/STONE ARTICLES, IRON ITEMS BOTH POWDER COATED & PLATED, MARBLE, STONE, SEMI-PRECIOUS STONE, HOME DÉCOR, TABLE DÉCOR, UPHOLESTERD, AS WELL AS WELL AS WOODEN INTERIORS.

Currently how many manpower taking care of * 700 (Aprox)

Willing to work in shifts * YES

Current Location * JODHPUR

Willing to relocate at Any location (Y/ N)* Y

Notice period * 30 Days.
Contact this candidate