RESUME
Virendrakumar A. Patel
Telephone: {(Mobile – +91-635*******
E-mail: addn4l@r.postjobfree.com
Executive Summary:
A Mechanical Engineer (DME) from MS University of Vadodara with more than 16 years’ post qualification experience in multi-product manufacturing, Infrastructure and Automobile Industries, effectively handling Vendor Development, Production and Quality. With the support of NDT Level-II certification, and Trainings such as CMM and Supervisory Development Programme,Health& Safety I am quite confident of delivering the best possible results in the said areas, apart from handling heavy Fabrication work & Site Work Constructions Objective:
Seeking better opportunities for long term association in offering my skills and efficiencies to apply my overall skills develop resources and deliver the best possible outputs for self and organizational developments.
Employment Background(Starting from Current Job)
(IV)
Organization: CremackPvt ltd.www.creamch.in
Designation: Site Mechanical Engineer
Duration: From Sept. 2018 TO Onward
(III)
Organization:Esquire Machines Pvt. Ltd.www.esquiremachines.com Designation: TEAM-LEADER PROJECT
Duration: From Aug 2009 TO Aug 2018
(II)
Organization:Oriental Manufacturers Pvt. Ltd.www.orientalmanufacturer.com Designation: Quality Assurance Engineer (Q.A./Q.C.) Duration: From MAR2006 TO NOV 2009
(I)
Organization: Sameer Linkages (Export) Pvt. Ltd.www.sameerlinkages.com Designation: Quality Assurance Engineer
Duration: From July 2002 TO FEB 2006
Educational Background:
Passed: S.S.C. (76%)
Diploma Mechanical from M.S. University Baroda in 2001 (66 %) NDT LEVEL – II in RT/UT/PT/MPTfrom Curie Institute of Quality & NDT Technology Hydrabad.
PROFESSIONAL SYPNOSIS:-
DESIGN:
Knowledge About International Codes, Standards & Specification Such as: ANSI, API, ASME Sec V, VIII, IX, ASTM, MSS, NACE. Fabrication codes of Vessels.
Preparation & modification of Drawings, Implementation of Design Changes.
Drawing Read, Knowledge of GD &T, Calculation of Dimension &Process.
Design Review, Preparation of QAP & making of weld plan for manufacturing.
Reverse engineering design, inspection, modifications & manufacturing.
Liaised between design, production & quality control team to ensure the Highest standard of quality was being met during each stage of development.
PRODUCATION:
Production Planning, Raw material planning, Vendor Development.
Preparation of SOP & work instruction .Preparation & implementation of Control plans (Combination of process & Inspection plan)
Design & manufacturing of tooling, jigs, die, fixtures, gauges.
Material Procurement from vendor, Assly of machine &trail, ready for dispatch.
Duty assigned & handling man power for assembly/nstallation/ production work.
Achieved production target within time limit, capability to work under pressure.
Handling technical problems of in process production team, vendor stage.
Testing & Trails of new Development, Disposal Of non moving material in process.
Responsible for Planning Co-Ordination, Supervision, Man Power controlling, Expediting Updating, planning well & assignment of job individual personal accordingly & evaluate activities.
Capability to work well under pressure & easily meet deadlines.
Motivate under control personnel to adopt safe practiced during execution of assigned task.
Team work in an international & multi-cultural project execution environment, Good Team Leader with strong communication & interpersonal skill
QUALITY ASSURANCE:
Receiving Inspections of the raw material, M/C, CNC components, brought out Items as per standards requirements (visually &diametrically). T.C. verification.
Handling customer complaints, root cause analysis, implementations of process.
Identify nonconformities process/product & implementations inspection.
Ensuring in time calibrations of various tools, gadgets, instrument & euipments.
Implement the modern quality tools and techniques to reduce the scrapes and Improve the product quality.
Preparation & validating process control documents like outline process chat, Control plan, work standards, work instruction etc,
Establishing the quality standards, implementing stringent quality control systems to enhance quality of products and reducing rejection level through continuous up gradation of systems to observe better compliance in-line with the changing market / customer requirement.
Dexterous in implementing in-process & final inspections to ensure high quality standards at all the stages of production and reduce rejection levels and maintenance of requisite documentation and records.
Demonstrated proficiency in ensuring that all the validation & documentations are handled as per laid down procedure & system and comply quality requirements of process/product.
CORE COMPENTENCES:-
Quality Compliance / Documentation
Preparation of Quality plan for Incoming, IN process & final product as per IS standards or process standard whichever applicable and its proper authorization and compliance.
Preparation of QHSE process, Guideline, Control Plan & work instructions. Responsible for PPAP of the new products.
Preparing monthly reports and present to the top management, annual product reports & periodic product review etc.
Generating monthly & annual reports for analysis, presentation & monitoring of systems.
Approving or rejecting the raw material, packing material, in-process material and finished products.
Testing / Inspection
Conducting various tests & inspections to ensure that products developed are in compliance with pre-set technical specifications.
Sampling & testing of raw materials, packaging materials, finished products & in process of M/C Shop, Assembly shop, Barrier Material, Paint shop on samples in terms of Functional, Dimensional & Esthetical defects.
Ensuring tests and procedures are properly understood, carried out and evaluated. In-process audit of special processes like, Welding, Concreting, Pre-treatment & Painting etc. to ensure defect-free output.
Feedback & Feed-forward for any non-conformity to the production as well as in- process quality & warehouse.
Maintaining Calibration of all gauges & measuring equipments like CMM, Vernier, micrometer, height gauge, Weighing scale & Surface plate etc. as per plan.
Imparting training to new people, production people for product requirement, customer complaints, QHSE awareness, motivation, time management, 5S, TPM
& 7QC tools etc.
Directing, leading & motivating workforce and imparting continuous on job training for accomplishing greater operational effectiveness / efficiency.
Working on succession planning of the workforce, shift management activities, appraising the member’s performance & providing feedback.
Resolving interpersonal issues & working towards a harmonious work environment.
Checking of Gauges / Fixture, Die & Roller on a CMM Vickers hardness test, Hardness Testing (B.H.N., H.R.C.).
Done Checking Various types test. (E.g. Cass test, S.S.T. test, Acid test, T.T.R. test, Water Cooling test, Humidity test, Water resistant test. Cooping test,) Load test (e.g. compression, Tensile, Bending, Shear) Penetration test.
Fabrication erection inspection, testing & commissioning various piping related to refinery, Metro Tunnel & Station as per isometric & GA Drawings.
Extensive Exp. In Fit up, Alignment, Fabrication of Elbows/Miter
(In various degrees) Tees (Straight, Reducing & Lateral) Reducer
(Concentric & Eccentric), Off Set piping Support.
Destructive test : chemical, physical, igc test of raw mat., hydro test, spark test. Leak test, dynamic balancing, no load test, pneumatic test, hydraulic test, molly test.
Non Destructive test : UT/RT/MPT/DPT ( welding, & brought out components) Supplier Quality
Lead supplier development strategy, designing the metrics for the function and supplier performance
Carry out supplier validation audits, with supplier support and supplier advanced product quality planning (APQP).
Work with Engineering (Design and Manufacturing Engineers) team to define process parameters and criteria to ensure supplier process capability is effective to meet product and process requirements
Support Purchasing with the supplier approval process by assessing manufacturing/technology capabilities and Health, Safety and Environmental risks.
Support new product launches to ensure suppliers are capable of delivering to the required quality standards.
Where appropriate work with the supplier directly, create corrective action plans to address process failures Review supplier manufacturing processes, collaborate with suppliers on process improvement and value enhancement opportunities.
Review documentation of inspection results across all areas. In appropriate functional areas, this refers to supporting inspection and test status requirements defined by regulations, engineering product specifications or Control Plans, PPAP approval or product warrant submission. Quality Implementation
Taking stringent quality measures to ensure compliance with standards & customer requirements. Ensuring out going product quality as per customer requirement.
Responsible for establishing PFM, PFMEA, Control Plan & Work instructions for products. Also responsible to develop SOPs of different departments as per best work practices.
Periodically conducting internal audits to assess the status of deployment of systems and taking corrective measures for achieving organizational objectives.
Resolving all internal and external customer complaints, taking timely corrective actions & preventive actions for potential non-conformance.
Initiate corrective actions for improvement by engineering change, process change, material change & operators/supplier awareness for product/process requirement.
Root cause analysis of high occurrence defects & ensure corrective actions through QRQC & 8D projects. Handling of Third party inspection. Declaration:
I do hereby declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
(Virendra Patel)
Contact this candidate