P. Manirathinam
No.**, N.T Patel road,
Thangalkarai, Nerkundram
Chennai- 600107.
Contact number: 866-***-****/860-***-****
Email : adekf5@r.postjobfree.com
Objective:
Seeking a job to utilize my skills and abilities in the industry that offers professional growth while being innovative and flexible. To be a part of an organization where I can fully utilize my skills and make a significant contribution to the success of the employer and at the same time my individual growth. EducationalQualifications:
COURSE School/University Stream Year of
Passing
Marks in %
Grad S.A.ENGINEERING COLLEGE B.E
(Mechanical)
2015 73.69
XIIth S.D.A.Hr.Sec.School Science
(PCM)
2011 86.00
Xth S.D.A.Hr.Sec.School N/A 2009 93.00
Additional qualifications:
Internal Auditor:1) Completed Internal auditor course on IATF 16949:2016 Quality Management Systems Conducted at Chennai.
2) Completed internal auditor course on ISO/TS 16949:2009 Quality Management Systems conducted at Chennai. Certificate no: V-India/TES_IA/0340. Work Experience:
1)Quality Manager: Viki Auto Components, Chennai-32 From April 2018 – Till date. Manufacturers of pressed components Jack parts and Thermostat Flange Parts and Vendor of Magal Engg Tech Pvt Ltd, Sri Hari Industries,etc.,
2) Quality Assurance Incharge:- Sakthi Spring Forms Pvt. Ltd, Chennai - 37 From June - 2015 – April-2018. Manufactures of Sheet metal components washers, Spring Pins, Spring Plates. Vendor of Lucas TVS, Brakes India, Amalgamation valeo clutch ltd, IM Gears pvt ltd. Roles Responsibility :
Knowledge in incoming and in-process inspection
Preparing PPAP documents (PFD, CONTROL PLAN, FMEA)
Knowledge in ISO TS 16949 documentation and maintain MR activities. RESUME
Knowledge in QC story/ problem solving techniques using 7QC tools.
Knowledge in internal gauge calibration and updating based on plan.
Knowledge in process and product audit and maintain audit observations.
Preparing supplier rating based on schedule.
ISR report preparing for new product development.
Knowledge in revalidation report for customer requirements.
Knowledge in SPC study for product and process characteristics. .
Solution to customer complaints on time by 8D report (PDCA,KAIZEN,using core tools.)
Maintain in-house and customer end ppm and monitored by monthly basis.
Knowledge in supplier audit and update observations.
Corrective action taken to in-process and PDI rejections.
Ensure supplier rejections and CAR raised to issues.
Knowledge in internal auditing and update record for observations.
Preparing external calibration plan for instruments.
Maintain first off &last off, patrol documents.
Facing customer audit and action taken to observations.
Preparing AOI report to customer and supplier.
Preparing quality plan for incoming and final inspection parts. Project work:
Final-project: “DEVELOPMENT OF HAND CRANKED TRICYCLE USING PNEUMATIC MECHANISMS”
Details: This vehicle is very useful and specially made for physically challenged persons by Pressing the lever to move the vehicle from one place to another using compressor and pneumatic cylinder.
My work: 1) Design and fabrication of the vehicle. 2) Performance analysis and calculations for the vehicle. References: Dr. Baskara sethupathy. ME,Phd.
Mechanism:1) Pressure energy is converted into kinetic motion. 2)Reciprocating linear motion is converted into rotary motion. Mini-project: “SHELL AND TUBE HEAT EXCHANGER”
Details: Undertook a mini-project in the 6th semester which involved the” SHELL AND TUBE HEAT EXCHANGER”.A heat exchanger is a piece of equipment built for efficient heat transfer from one medium to another.
My work: 1) In this project, I did part in construction and design of the project. 2) Examining the function of working fluid at atmospheric pressure Skills:
1) Basic CNC Programming and operation.
2) Diploma in Computer Application (DCA)..
3) Fast and quick learner.
4) Average communication and good presentation skills.. 5) Problem-solving skills and a creative approach for new idea. Training&Industrial visit:
1) Industrial training program on” Two wheeler vehicle assembly techniques” conducted by TVS Training and Service Ltd.
2) I took industrial visit at “ASHOK LEYLAND” located at ENNORE. 3) I took industrial visit at “Amalgamation Valeo Clutch Ltd.” at ORAGADAM. Achievements:
1) First prize winner in the event of PAPER PRESENTATION in “ANTYKETHERA 2K14”
“A National level Technical Symposium”
2) State level first prize winner in MEMORY QUOTES in school days, Pondicherry. 3) First prize awards in MANAVAR MANDRAM (Tamil & Mathematics) in school days. Areas of Interest:
1) BOOKS: Production Technology, Fluid Mechanics, Industrial Engineering, etc… 2) SPORTS: Cricket, Volley ball, Chess……
3) Listening music
Personal Details:
Father's Name : Puthiresan.S
Mother's Name : Jayarani.P
Nationality : India
Languages Known : Tamil, English(read, write &speak) Blood Group : A1B +ve
Date of Birth: 15-09-1992
Permanent Address: No.34,Mariyamman koil street,
Sengattu colony, Reddichavadi (post)
Cuddalore T.K-607402
Passport Details:
Passport No. : M6438433
Date of Issue : 04.02.2015
Date of Expiry : 03.02.2025
Place of Issue : Chennai
Type : M
DECLARATION
I hereby declare that the above furnished details are true to the best of my knowledge. Place: chennai Yours truly,
Date: P.Manirathinam
Contact this candidate