Gregory Kiehn
*** ****** ******
Plainfield, IA *0666
319-***-**** (cell)

Summary:
Worked as Business Unit Director, Operations Manager, Quality Assurance Manager, and Line Supervisor over the past few years, all in a production environment. Developed, wrote, and maintained Quality Manuals, procedures, and work instructions for several companies to help them gain ISO certification, and improve their operations. Served as Operations Manager for a remote/satellite assembly division, and also led a fabrication, weld/assembly division of a medium sized corporation. Most recently, served as Quality Assurance Manager of a manufacturing and assembly division of a large production company with several sites.
Highlights:
Personable Systems implementation
Flexible Trouble shooting/problem solving
Dedicated Process improvement strategies
Relationship building Procedure development
Staff retention CMM Knowledge
Geometric dimensioning and tolerancing Multi site operations

Accomplishments:
Developed/wrote several Quality Systems manuals for different companies in the production environment. Acquired certification/re-certification to the ISO Standards for several different companies as well. Worked with registrars to build relationships and develop rapport for future audits. Experience varies from writing initial manuals for first-time system assessments to revising manuals for re-certification to the “process oriented” version of the ISO Standards. Performed internal audits and trained individuals in the internal auditing process. Supervised groups from (10) to (100+) and communicated well with all of them, while developing them into a great work force. Maintained low employee turn-over in different work environments.

Experience:
April 2018 to present Hypro, Inc.
Quality Assurance Manager for large production/assembly facility, which has several locations in three states. The Cedar Falls facility had app. 175 team members when I began, but has recently decreased to app. 75 members. The owners decided to close the Cedar Falls facility on January 28, 2020.

December 2016 to September 2017 GMT Corporation Waverly, IA
Business Unit Director for the Fabrication Division, responsible for the daily operations of the Fabrication Division, to include oversight of production, quality, and delivery. Direct reports included Production, Engineering, Materials, Quality, Purchasing, and Transportation.

May 2007 to December 2016 Adams Thermal Systems Canton, SD
Operations Manager for remote facility, responsible for the assembly of Engine Cooling Systems for Agricultural and Construction industry. Managed production and delivery to major customers while maintaining high customer satisfaction in all fields. Developed cell concept for assembly processes, and moved to new and larger facility. Responsible for maintaining high rating in both Quality and Delivery.

May 2006 to May 2007 Machine Tool Engineering Charles City, IA
Quality Assurance Manager for production manufacturing facility. Developed and wrote initial Quality Systems Manual, Procedures, and Work Instructions to acquire certification to ISO Standards. Achieved certification following first registration audit, with no findings. Developed Internal Auditor group to ensure system will be maintained and develop for years to come. Supervised Inspection area and developed/maintained calibration program.

January 2006 to May 2006 Kiefer Built Trailers Kanawha, IA
Production Supervisor for production line of (100+) employees with several different departments, including cutting, welding, and assembly. Responsible for maintaining delivery schedule and overall quality.

May 2003 to January 2006 Lou-Rich Inc. Albert Lea, MN
Quality Assurance Manager for diverse production manufacturing facility with multiple sites. Revised Quality Systems Manual, Procedures, and Work Instructions to re-certify to the “process oriented” version of the ISO Standards. Supervised (5) QE’s that covered various elements within the manufacturing processes. Very diverse company with many customers throughout varying fields. Responsible for maintaining high Quality ratings with all customers.

May 1985 to May 2003 GMT Corporation Waverly, IA
Began on production floor, running Blanchard grinders, material handling, and cutting material. Progressed to CNC machine operator for (2) years and then moved into Inspection department. Programmed CMM’s and trained inspectors in their operation. Developed skills and moved on to Quality Assurance Manager for the remaining years with the company. Developed and monitored quality plans for machining of large castings. Well versed in geometric dimensioning and tolerancing. Developed initial Quality Systems Manual, Procedures, and Work Instructions for their first certification to the ISO Standards. Built Internal Auditor program and used that to improve several areas within the company. Developed calibration program and maintained gauge library of 10,000+ gauges. Philosophy of the certification to ISO Standard was to improve the company, not just comply with the standards. Maintained the system and re-certified several times. Built relationship with registrar and worked to improve the system.
Education:
Hawkeye Community College
Attended several classes over the years in Production Process Improvement, Statistics, Quality Improvement, ISO Certification, Six Sigma, Sexual Harassment in the Workplace
1975 to 1976 University of Northern Iowa
Majored in Accounting and attended for 2 years before being offered a job working for a company that manufactured machines to make concrete pipe. Worked on the shop floor as a welder for a year and then traveled to set up machines at the customer for production. Decided to get married and stopped the extensive travel.
1960 to 1973 Plainfield Community School
Attended Plainfield Community School from K thru 12. Participated in football, basketball, and baseball in high school.
References:
Available upon request
Contact this candidate