Kevin Whatley
**** *** ***** **
Green Bay, WI **311
920-***-****
adiitj@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY

Innovative, experienced Testing and Quality Assurance Manager with proven track record leading and motivating technical staff to accomplish corporate goals. Skilled in the complete life cycle of application testing including budgeting, project management, evaluation of business requirements, automation of test environments, creation of test artifacts, test data, data analytics, test execution, and test output validation. Demonstrated success working with global clients, vendors, off-shore contingent workforce, and internal information systems personnel. Experience managing and testing PC, server, cloud, and mainframe- based applications.

MANAGERIAL and TECHNICAL KNOWLEDGE

Test Automation SQL Mainframe Micro Focus Tools
TMM Jira Python Test Design
Microsoft Office Selenium CI/CD Databases
Informatica Network Maven SharePoint
Agile SDLC PMM Data Analytics

WORK EXPERIENCE

Associated Bank, Green Bay, WI 2016-2020

Vice President, Testing and Quality Assurance Manager
Established new Quality Assurance practice by hiring qualified full time technical staff, utilizing on-shore/off-shore global contract workforce, introducing modern tools, and implementing improved testing procedures. Managed testing, testing automation, and data validation for acquisitions, Human Resources, Risk, Fraud, Core Banking, Teller applications, Audit, Marketing, Intranet, Internet, Share Point, Engineering, Network, Cyber Security, Enterprise Content Management, Bank Operations, Salesforce, Corporate Intelligence, Information Security, Customer Service, Finance, Health Service Accounts, Retail and Business online Banking, and Technology Sourcing Office.
Managed and designed test data obfuscation process to protect customer and client information within all test environments.
Implemented new tools to modernize testing and test automation.
Managed and designed automated data validation process for millions of records and hundreds of millions of fields for bank acquisitions.
Increased test coverage and tester productivity.
Reduced test cost, time to delivery, and production problem records.
Managed and designed monthly patch testing process for operating system, database, application, and security patches.
Designed the configuration of Jira in support of Agile projects.
Improved documentation templates for testing artifacts.
Worked with enterprise project management office to improve the SDLC with faster more precise testing.
Trained the Line of Business to improve UAT testing and test case documentation.
Standardized test case and test defect reporting.

VISA, Foster City, CA 1992-2015

Lead Quality Assurance Engineer
Lead global quality assurance project initiatives. Coordinated and completed test activities with cross functional teams. Designed, created, and maintained automated test environments for multiple global clients. Coordinated and completed test activities for application and operating system upgrades. Managed and trained test team members on new test activities to accommodate changes in corporate initiatives. Designed and coordinated the creation of application testing platforms including hardware, operating system, network connections, firewalls, and data security.
Evaluated business requirements to create financial and headcount estimates for multi-year/multimillion-dollar application projects.
Managed test task schedules for vendor consultants, senior engineers, and test staff.
Developed and implemented Disaster Recovery processes and procedures.
Evaluated and updated companywide test standards documents to incorporate the needs of newly acquired companies and current application enhancements.
Subject Matter Expert on system and application error resolution both within and out of my department.
Designed, created, and maintained automated test environments for global customers using vendor and in-house developed tools.
Coordinated and completed test activities for Interoperability testing activities including multiple test teams within and outside of company data boundaries.
Continually evaluated and updated data security profiles to protect company assets.
Created and stored test artifacts including test plans, test cases, test evaluations, and test findings documents.
Conducted post test meetings to improve test processes for future projects.
Trained test team staff from the U.S., India, Europe, and Singapore.
Created and maintained client information databases for use in regression testing.
Skilled in the design, execution, and validation of automated volume and performance testing activities across multiple operating system and hardware environments.
Frequently involved in client data recovery for production application errors.
Created and maintained test procedure documents.
Coordinated and managed the creation of mainframe test LPARs for specific isolated test scenarios.
Created and managed the creation of test data to process all test paths for the conversion from legacy applications to advanced data rules driven applications.
Designed and created tools to manipulate client data for specific test processes.
Coordinated the advancement of interoperability test activities outside of my department.

Quality Assurance Project Lead
Managed the test team responsible for testing the move of a complete Visa data center from a west coast location to a location in the central United States, including the movement of applications from one mainframe to another with no data loss for Visa or clients.
Coordinated testing of Visa clients and Visa application alternate network connections.
Created and implemented procedures to stop transaction data flow on mainframe A and to start data flow on mainframe B.
Coordinated and conducted testing of financial reporting applications to ensure complete reporting of transactions from before and after the cutover.
Created procedures to stop and restart authorization transaction flow.
Conducted on-site production operations for clearing and settlement applications during mainframe cutover.
Member of the command center team which evaluated and resolved all internal and external problems.

Quality Assurance Engineer
Designed and implemented a new Y2K end-to-end test process. The Y2K testing project was the most costly and advanced test project Visa had ever undertaken, incorporating the first testing of its kind in Visa history. For the first time, Visa brought together all outside vendors and internal application teams into one project. I was awarded the Visa President’s “Thanks a Trillion” recognition, awarded to only seven Visa employees.
Helped design the pre-processing procedures to start a mainframe and Visa applications with the date of 12/31/1999.
Worked directly with IBM and Visa engineers to resolve mainframe failures due to the date rollover from the year 1999 to 2000
Created the design of a standalone mainframe LPAR that would have an automated test process and could be started with any system date.
Worked directly with Visa internal application teams to design Y2K testing procedures which included the tasks of seeding input data files and updating internal transaction dates to the appropriate test values.
Created a testing schedule which coordinated mainframe test times to accommodate Visa’s test teams that were positioned in all parts of the world.
Used vendor software to evaluate hundreds of thousands of program paths with date calculations and designed test cases to exercise those paths.

Sr. Quality Assurance Analyst
Designed and installed new end-to-end test processes, incorporating all clearing and settlement applications. Responsible for integrating application data paths from transaction authorization applications, client financial reporting applications, and data storage/research departments. This integration allowed testing of the complete Visa transaction life cycle.
Created automated and versioned end-to-end batch test environments used by multiple test departments.
Designed and wrote programs to seed test input files and validate test outputs.
Created automated test environment sign out process which eliminated accidental test asset overlay.
Designed and installed environment date manipulation programs which were used to test weekly, monthly, quarterly, and yearly application processes.
Worked with systems engineers to design and implement large mainframe test environments for the purpose of volume/performance testing.
Created production transaction scrubbing programs to protect sensitive client data and allow better test case coverage and increased transaction volumes.

Sr. Programmer Analyst
Joined the Visa team which implemented the Visa Cash Card application. This application was introduced at the 1996 Summer Olympics and was the first time Visa owned its own reloadable chip card. This product was developed by an external vendor and had to be incorporated into the Visa clearing and settlement applications.
Designed and documented reloadable chip card clearing and settlement functional, integration, performance, and cross-system testing procedures.
Created test environment which included the creation of physical test cards, the installation of card terminals, networks, firewalls, server hardware, ATM terminals, and mainframe access.
Designed and implemented new production batch job streams to incorporate the reloadable chip card transaction into Visa reporting and treasury applications.
Worked directly with Vendor engineers to resolve issues and implement Vendor software changes.

Programmer Analyst
Designed and wrote test tool programs to improve test accuracy and to decrease project Quality Assurance costs. Programs allowed the creation of stronger test cases, improved test validation, and the ability test more transaction paths while shortening test schedules.
Worked with individual test teams to document test processes.
Created test process documents defining and suggesting which test tasks to improve and automate.
Presented findings to Management and assisted in the prioritization of tool creation schedule.
Designed and coded tool programs which created, updated, and validated test data files.
Created tool program installation procedures in ENDEVOR to accommodate multiple application code versions.

Quality Assurance Analyst
Responsible for the testing of Client data file pre-edit software. This software was used by Visa Clients to pre-edit outgoing and incoming Visa Clearing and Settlement transaction data files. Testing included PC, Server, and Mainframe application versions.

Review general design, detail design, and test plan documents.
Create test data to exercise transaction edits and create test case documents.
Manual testing of data entry panel edits.
Create, execute, and validate test cases.
Testing and creation of software installation, upgrade, and uninstall procedures.
Create test findings and project status documentation for Management.

Syntex Research, Palo Alto, CA 1989-1992
Pharmaceutical company that designed, created, tested, and produced drugs for public health applications.

PC Support Specialist
Provided technical support of PC hardware and software used by cooperate and research staff.
Designed, ordered, and built computers for multiple types of users.
Created and installed software installation packages.
Conducted PC Help Desk tasks such as hardware replacement, installation of software upgrades, and end user problem resolution.

United States Air Force, Langley, VA 1984-1988

Crash Recovery Specialist – Sr. Airman
Conducted computerized and manual evaluation of aircraft emergencies including aircraft component failures and aircraft crashes.
Member of aircraft emergency rapid deployment team.
Responsible to secure a safe area boundary in emergency situations.
Responsible for recovery of top-secret aircraft components.
Conducted recover of aircraft in distress.
Inspected aircraft after failures to determine the cause of emergency.
Suggested fixes to any aircraft errors to Flight-line Commander.
Contact this candidate