SUMMARY:
Reliable
Fast learning
Hard working, self-motivated professional with an eagerness to learn new processes and technology.
Dedicated and flexible and able to work under pressure

EDUCATION:
Associates Degree in Psychology
University of Phoenix-Online Campus, Milford, PA January 2005 to January 2008

EXPERIENCE:
12/2018 to BALLAS EGG Zanesville, OH
Present Quality Assurance Assistant Manager
Served as the interim Quality Assurance Manager for 10 months with additional responsibilities for: Certificate of Analysis and Product Release, documentation verification, GMP observations, and plant auditing.
Lead all sanitation management programs. Read Clean in Place (CIP) charts, and pasteurizer charts.
Perform pH and solids testing on finished product, performed water tests, charting and reporting results, clean lab practices, raw vs. pasteurized product contamination, and proficiency testing for qualitative and quantitative tests.
Conduct all preoperational inspections and verification points.
Report the daily micro results to management in the morning meeting and responsible for overseeing much of the quality assurance details in the plant.
Ensure completion of all raw sampling, air sample testing, and perform environmental monitoring and testing along with ATP swabs for morning start up.
Started in the micro side of the lab testing for pathogens and also plating incoming product for microorganisms.

5/2016 to JULIANS RECIPE New York, NY
12/2018 Production Manager
Oversaw all of our operations at the plant.
Responsible for a large cold sample program, sending our products from R&D to various customers and buyers.
Facilitated the move of all machinery from the New York plant to the new plant in Ohio.
Staged and started up the new lines, wrote SSOP’s, helped hire the new people, and contributed within usual duties of production planning and management, ingredient inventory and ordering, preoperational start up, and batching of all ingredients.
Supervised the workers, performed hourly weights and checks, moistures, pH testing and scale calibration.
Performed all Quality Assurance functions for the plant including internal and GMP auditing.

8/2015 to ECONO-PAK Milford, PA
4/2016 Machine Operator
Oversaw various different production lines and workers of up to 10-21 people in a busy packaging plant dealing with mostly cookies.
Started at Econo-Pak as a production line worker, and quickly moved up to a line operator
Set up the lines, keep it stocked with product and material, work with QC to ensure proper date coding and observation of GMP’s in an SQF level 3 facility.

SKILLS

Auditing
Internal Audits
Laboratory Experience
Manufacturing
Quality Assurance
Research & Development
Microsoft Office
Certificate of Analysis
Project Management
Safety Management
CCP
Documentation Review
SQF
HACCP
SSOP
Sanitation
CGMP
Production Management
Calibration
Production Planning
Team Management
Microsoft Excel
English
Microsoft Word
Management
Food industry
Microsoft Outlook
Leadership
Process Improvement

CERTIFICATIONS/
LICENSES:
GDS Salmonella Testing Present
Certified through Biocontrol (milliporesigma) to run GDS Salmonella testing of finished product
Romer Labs Listeria Training Present
Trained and certified through Romer labs to conduct listeria pathogenic testing of finished product

REFERENCES: Available upon request
Contact this candidate