AJAYI
OLUMIDE OLAWALE
Unity Estate Egbeda, Lagos
(+234) 806-***-****
adl91g@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/oluajayi/

SUMMARY
An enthusiastic and passionate professional with years of combined experiences across various functions, in managing people, processes, employee safety, food safety, warehousing, and chemicals inventory control. A team player that is honest, dependable, and articulate. A resourceful problem solver with a talent for identifying the root causes of operation concerns and presenting effective solutions for improvements. Set clear and detailed expectations, continually ensure that all team members are informed. Strongly believe in accountability and flexibility, which leads to sustainability.

SKILLS
ISO 9001:2015
FSSC 22000 V4.1
HACCP Implementation
Allergen Management
World Class Manufacturing
Audit Process Management
Document and Records Control
Traceability
Business Intelligence Suites (PowerBI, Python, SAP)
Microsoft Office suites
Project Management
Regulatory Compliance.
Laboratory Management

WORK EXPERIENCE
Unilever Nigeria
Quality Assurance Manager (End to End) - Home and Personal Care
September 2020 – Current
Developing quality control processes and understanding customer expectations of and needs from a product.
Supervising staff, monitor production standards and evaluate internal production processes.
Engaging with customers and gathering product feedback. Evaluating product complaints, managing waste, and Improving production efficiency.
Quality assurance budget and resource planning in-line with CAPA programme
Centrally develop and coordinate adhering to SOP’s from inbound testing to packing operations.
Maintain a high level and professional relationship with stakeholders that will aid in delivering planned strategy.
Track feedback and complaints from trade and leads improvement actions to eliminate defects.
Conduct product age analysis and external testing of raw and packaging materials.
Leads Quality & Consumer Safety across the supply chain from the Supplier through the factory processes to the Customers/Consumers.
Drives supplier management (raw and packaging materials) to ensure compliance to agreed standards during receipts of materials through defined sampling methodology., in addition, involved in the auditing of suppliers and 3Ps
Lead team and process and engages warehouse team to ensures that there is a robust system to manage FIFO which also facilitates upstream and downstream traceability of materials into the product.
Maintains a fully implemented HACCP/GMP system that guarantees consumer safety of the product which ensure process parameters are at optimum levels to guarantee consistency in quality.
Responsible for GHK and hygiene elements of the process and packing areas are maintained and continually improved.
In innovation management, champions adherence to Quality in Innovation process that guarantee On Time In Full delivery of innovation and also prevention of potential product incident related to design and execution.
Ensuring regulatory standards (NAFDAC, SON, Weights and Measures) are compliant with operations.
Drives improvement in laboratory analysis and calibration from raw materials to finished products.
Unilever Nigeria
Quality Assurance Team Lead - Home and Personal Care
October 2019 – August 2020
Established key process indicators (KPI’s) and implemented preventive and corrective actions to eliminate the root causes of poor quality and delivery problems.
Directly engaged in supplier management to meet inhouse Quality standards by conducting technical capability assessments, visits and collaboration that led to a 60% reduction in non-conformance.
Manage daily and weekly verification of standards, methods, equipment, and limits used for maintenance, inspection, sampling, testing, and monitoring of processes and products
Lead risk assessment and design compliance of new equipment and process changes
Prepares intercompany Quality agreements for cross border intercompany product exports.
Supervises weekly tracking of audits actions, deadlines and assist in planning for organizational growth.
Developed processes, policies, and procedures for other areas within the department resulting in integrating production and quality assurance processes.
Refined the quarterly traceability and recall process through project management, guidance on action resolution, reporting and timely closure of gaps observed.
Spearhead full HACCP implementation and compliance to standards.
Unilever Nigeria
Quality Assurance Team Lead – Foods and Refreshments
September 2016 – September 2019
Monitors and perform start up, in-process and finished product inspections including and ensuring proper quality assurance documentation.
Promotes teamwork and in-depth product traceability within the QA Team and other departments.
Monitor all production areas and personnel for adherence to all cGMP, SOP’s, and safety regulations.
Keep line and workstation clean and orderly through adherence to 5S, GLP and GHK audits
Review all production batch record documentation to ensure completion and compliance.
Monitoring of SAP QM to integrate into material planning, notifications, and inspection.
Use of SAP QM master data to determine, sampling method, qualitative and quantitative specifications for raw materials, semi-finished and finished products.
Auditing of SAP results, usage decision and notifications to suppliers.
Ensure gap analysis and improvements, establish systems & procedures including change control and validation, document and implement SOPs, support in steering internal QMS audits including GMP as well as external certification audits and execute quality training.
Ensure defect elimination through data incorporated from customer feedback, loss trees, equipment OEE, using World Class Manufacturing (WCM) techniques.

Unilever Nigeria
Quality Assurance Process Analyst – Foods and Refreshments
September 2014 – August 2016
Day to day managing and supervision of Quality activities.
Material inspection, inputting of results and release through SAP.
Daily and weekly collation of results through a graphical presentation for sectional quality report.
Statistical validation of methods through the company specified method of analysis.
Active participation in Non-Conformance reporting, complaints, and corrective action procedures.
Review documentation both for internal use and those for external regulatory bodies.
Sectional SHE representative and First Aider.

KEY ACHIEVEMENTS
Successful execution and landing of QM SAP/CRQS Project.
Delivered with the team, new products to trade in Foods category within 90 days.
Developing in house calibration procedure and standards which ensured cost-cutting of 70%.
Led team on powder profiling to aid machine suitability which increased output by 40%.
EDUCATION
Lagos State University
B.Sc. Biochemistry 2009 - 2013
Adeniran Ogunsanya College of Education
National Certificate in Education (Biology/Chemistry) 2005 – 2008
FEDERAL GOVERNMENT COLLEGE, LAGOS
West African Senior School Certificate Examination 1998 - 2004

TRAINING

Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point
Quality Assurance Management - SAP
ISO 9001 – 2015
FSSC 22000 – 2018
Front Line Management
Reagents Handling and Calibration
Good Laboratory Practice
Basic Equipment Troubleshooting and Repair (HPLC, Konelab Enzyme Analysis)
Contact this candidate