Henry Esapa Ita
704-***-****
admk3y@r.postjobfree.com

Work Authorization:
Clearance: None
Location: Louisville, Kentucky
Professional summary:
Certified Scrum Master with over 4 years agile experience and a proven track record of delivering high-quality software, on time and within budget, seeking a position in a fast-paced company. Passionate about agile style of working and team-work driven development. My career highlights and success stem from excellent communication skills, leadership skills, critical thinking ability, decision making, task prioritizing and team culture. I can ensure that peripheral systems are in proper working condition. Knowledgeable in creating file systems and managing network communications. Carries excellent communication and interpersonal skills, strong decision-making skills, and the ability to multi-task. Advanced in all aspects of Microsoft Office Suite.

Career Highlights
•2 years of Business Analysis and 4 years as a Scrum Master Utilizing Waterfall and Agile methodologies
•Strong technical command of project management tools, Visual Studio, Jira, Rally, TFS and MS Project
•Extensive knowledge of multiple Agile framework, SAFe, Scrum, Kanban, Extreme Programming. Well-versed in version control tools such as SharePoint
• Mentored scrum team in understanding and enforcing their different roles within the team.
•Resolve impediments using internal or external resources
•Built relationship with Product owner and other stake holders to support requirements process
•Created a positive and transparent communication channel between team members
•Facilitated all scrum events - daily scrum, sprint planning, retrospective, review, and backlog grooming
• Proficient in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Visio).

Professional Experiences:
Scrum Master – Hilton Worldwide
Location: (Remote)
June. 2019– Feb 2021
Monitored the project progress and radiated the information to stakeholders. Identified and mitigated team risks and impediments (Blocking Issues, Critical Defects).
Gathered and updated project materials, completing budgeting, forecasting, project documentation, business flows, and lessons learned documents.
Scheduled and allocated work, providing advice and guidance, and resolving problems to meet technical performance and financial objectives
Coordinated all Scrum Ceremonies, including Sprint Planning, Daily Standups, Sprint retrospectives, Sprint Demos, Story Grooming, and Release Planning.
Adept at partnering and collaborating with external agencies to ensure awareness about initiatives and events.
End-to-end facilitation of the Agile processes
Identify agile team improvement opportunities and looks externally for best practices to increase team productivity
Provides advice and guidance to the Agile project team, as required, regarding best practices in Agile project management
Mandates and track timeline of budget/expenses for clients/client accounts and business needs
Documents Business Requirements into CRM with Functional Specifications
Designs strategic plan for component development practices to support future projects
Participates in program implementation (PI) meetings
Emphasize relationship building as one of the most critical attributes for positive interaction with peers, staff, and customers.
Strong written and verbal communication skills, interpersonal skills, problem-solving and analytical skills.
Scrum Master – Verizon Wireless
Location: Boston MA (Remote)
June. 2018 – Feb 2019
Coordinated and participated in weekly estimation meetings to provide high-level estimates (Story Points) for backlog items.
Developed and followed agile project management plan (Agile Ceremonies). Facilitated build requirements log (product backlog) with cost estimates and priority.
Conducted Grooming meetings, Scrum Daily standup, Product backlog, Sprint Planning, Sprint Review & Sprint Retrospective meetings.
Determined the team capacity (velocity) from historical data. Created Work Break down structure (user stories) and corresponding activities (tasks).
Improved team velocity by incorporating capacity planning into sprint planning sessions.
Worked with product owners to prioritize and validate User Stories
Helped team complete tasks successfully and on-time and resolved obstacles encountered by team members.
Monitored the project progress and radiated the information to stake holders. Identified and mitigated team risks and impediments (Blocking Issues, Critical Defects) on daily basis.
Proven leadership/influencing skills, able to influence-highest levels of organizations, and shape program outcomes
Communicated the progress to senior management thru Burn down Charts'. Monitored the Quality thru metrics and mentored team thru the project management processes.
Quality Assurance ensure that all applicable change requirements are satisfied, Acts as the primary point of contact and integration for the project.
Scrum Master - PNC Bank
Location: Pittsburg PA
August. 2017- May 2018

Active participation in discovery sessions, interviews, prototyping, document-reviews, plan setup, plan configuration with clients.
Protected team from internal and external distractions to help them focus on daily QA activities to be productive and growing in ability
Actively participated in sprint planning activities, daily stand ups, sprint reviews, sprint retrospectives conflict resolution meetings
Focused on developing more trusted and collaborative team environment where problems can be raised without fear of blame or being judged with a complete focus on problem resolution
Assisted internal and external communication, improving transparency, and radiating information
Partnered with the Product Owner, especially with respect to grooming and maintaining the product backlog.
Facilitate the term in transition to scrum methodology through ETC (enterprise transition committee) engaging stakeholders during the process of waterfall to spring.
Active participating in establishing and provide Vision of the term and gain consensus base on acceptance criteria
Served as Scrum Master for the project and ensures team maintains focus on quality and continuous delivery with some support from coach
Actively participated scrum of scrum meetings with program manager
Encouraged self-organization, meaning that the team itself should remove issues wherever possible
Business Analyst Program Manager – Target Retail
Location: Kentucky
October 2016 -March. 2017

Engage client to gather software requirements/business rules, and ensure alignment with development teams
Translate stakeholder requirements into over 10 different tangible deliverables such as functional specifications, user cases, user stories, workflow/process diagrams, data flow/data model diagrams.
Evaluate risks related to requirements implementation, testing processes, project communications, and training saving the company lots of money
Identify and reconcile errors in client data to ensure accurate business requirements.
Draft and maintain business requirements and align them with functional and technical requirements.
Facilitate monthly meetings with clients to document requirements and explore potential solutions.
Provided executives with analytics and decision-support tools used as the basis for reorganization, consolidation, and relocation strategies.
Partnered with developers to automate manual processes, saving time and money while decreasing errors.
Collaborated with stakeholder groups across the organization to ensure business and technology alignment. Proposed solutions meeting defined specifications and needs.
Performed quality assurance, system integration and user acceptance testing facilitating on-time, on-budget and acclaimed “go-live” of enterprise implementations for multiple Users.
Skills
•Jira, Visual Studio, Kanban, XP
•Scaled Agile framework
•Microsoft office
•Program Manager
•Scrum Master
•SAFe 5.0 Scrum Master
•SDLC
•Jira
•Service Now
•Confluence
•MS Teams
•Rally
•Healthcare information technology (HIT)
•Visio
References
Professional references would be provided upon request.
Certifications
Certified SAFe 5 Scrum Master
Contact this candidate