Stephen J Muckenthaler
**** * ***** ***., ****** City, MO 64117
admmr0@r.postjobfree.com 816-***-****

EDUCATION: Metropolitan Community College
William Jewell College- Doniphan School of Management

EXPERIENCE:

Production Manager July 2019 - Present
National Beverage Corporation
9901 Widmer Road, Lenexa, KS 66215

Oversee manufacturing of beverage products over a multiple shifts
Directly manages all daily activities and long-term objectives of the department, in conjunction with managers across shifts or departments
Ensure the overall safety of employees
Proposes plans and executes projects to eliminate the root cause of manufacturing problems
Responsible for plant and company goals by providing proactive, efficient, and reliable leadership for two production shifts, in a seven-day working environment.
Initiate resolutions of technical, unusual or complex problems or issues.
Coach and influence employees at all levels of the organization.
Monitor overall quality of the product by performing periodic inspections.
Conducts thorough investigations to identify and eliminate the root cause of manufacturing problems.
Responsible for assisting the facilities in instilling the "Best Manufacturing Practices."
Ensure staff is following the work rules at all times. Ensure GMP compliance is adhered to at all times.
Report any quality issue to QA Manager.
Provided quality/production improvement education to the workforce through regular team meetings.
Focused entire plant on quality, service, safety and cost as a top priority.

Laboratory Supervisor/Quality Manager March 2015-July 2019

Established product quality documentation by writing and updating quality assurance procedures.
Maintained product quality by enforcing quality assurance policies and procedures and government requirements
Managed the quality assurance activities for the plant, to include syrup preparation and distribution, microbiology, sanitation finished product analysis, package integrity testing, HACCP/GMP, and process control.
Provided effective supervision to Quality Control Technicians, by providing coaching, counseling and disciplining employees, planning, monitoring and appraising job results.
Maintained Quality Assurance staff by recruiting, selecting, orienting and training employees.
Oversaw and direct the efforts of the HACCP plan, including GMP auditing and corrective action plan development.
Investigated and reported corrective action plans on plant specific consumer complaints.
Managed plant audits GMP and Food Safety
Managed the maintenance of microbiological monitoring programs and direct sanitation programs.
Assisted supervisors in resolving Quality Control issues, tracking quality trends, recommending and implementing plans to improve quality and production efficiency.
Maintained all relevant paperwork and budgetary demands.
Directed quality work procedures to meet production schedules.
Provided quality improvement education to the workforce through regular team meetings.
Focused entire plant on quality, service, safety and cost as a top priority.

Quality Assurance Coordinator June 2014-August 2014
InfuSystems
1130 Strangline Road, Lenexa, KS 66215

Responsible for updating ISA 9001:1008 documents and CADD documents for Canada
Performed internal audits at various sites and compliance to state regulations
Investigated internal and external complaints for root cause and provided resolution

Laboratory Supervisor/Quality Manager December 1986-January 2014
National Beverage Corporation
9901 Widmer Road, Lenexa, KS 66215

Responsible for the site quality, food safety HACCP and ISO 9001:1008 and 17025 programs
Responsible for plant tours and customer audits both in person and customer surveys
SAP team leader of the Quality department and NIR
Contact for outside auditors, AIB, BRC, ISO, FDA, SQA
Responsible for training plant employees in GMP’s, HAACP and Food Security
Experienced with Six Simona Lean Manufacturing principles
Act as the main contact for all plant testing and quality reporting in SAP
Supervised ten lab technicians and oversaw the day-to-day operation of the laboratory, including testing, documentation and providing guidance and necessary training
Managed facility in an effort to reduce levels of quality rejections and cost of poor quality
Investigated and resolved customer complaints through Root Cause Analysis
Ensure immediate reaction and resolution in food safety and quality situations
Manage and ensure quality budget for supplies and labor cost
Foster relationships so that the existing system and methods can be openly challenged and address opportunities in operation efficiencies, quality enhancements and cost
Approved all new products and specifications to ensure proper GR processing times as dictated
Ensure all personnel are following established site and operation standards and procedures
Performed special assignments

COMPUTER SKILLS: SAP Microsoft Office Suite ISO Express APPX

ACCOMPLISHMENTS: 2016 Plant Quality Award 2013 CEO Award (2) Member of Phi Theta Kappa Six Sigma – Green Belt Certified Certified Food Defense Coordinator Eagle Scout
Contact this candidate