SUMMARY

Highly motivated individual with excellent communication skills and 20 years of customer service and quality assurance experience. I am looking for a position where I can use those skills while growing as an employee and as a contributor to a successful company. Bringing exceptional interpersonal, technical, and business skills I will be an immediate asset, and will contribute to company success for years to come.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Prospect America Fort Worth, Texas
Quality Assurance - Manager 2010 – 2020
Managed a team of 2-4 quality assurance team leads.
Tracked attendance for both management and call center agents.
Provided coaching to both the quality assurance team leads and the phone call center agents.
Created and reviewed team schedules for both the quality assurance team and the operations team.
Continuously development programs and activities to keep people in the call center motivated.
Responsible for making sure the right number of calls were being monitored and reviewed.
Client Services – When clients came into the call center, I always performed the tour of the facilities.
Client Services – Handled complaints and questions from our clients, both on the phone or in person. The only other person to escalate above me would be the owner of the company.
Handled employee questions about paycheck and attendance related questions.
Operations would coordinate with me for capacity projections. They would tell me how many leads we needed each week, based on head count I would determine the shifts and hours for that week.
I was the go-to for anything the call center manager needed.
Reported directly to the owner of the company.

Prospect America Fort Worth, Texas
Quality Assurance - Team Lead 2005 – 2010
Reviewed both live and recorded calls to make sure the telemarketers were doing their job correctly.
Modified data submitted from the agents in our CRM as needed.
Spot checking calls by listening in to both live and recorded call in our QA system.
Coordinate with the operations team to make sure orders were being processed correctly.
Produced end of day and monthly reports for the call center manager and the owner.

Prospect America Arlington, Texas
Lead Generation - Team Lead 2003 - 2005
Same duties as being a specialist, but I was also the team lead for my section of the call center.
Put together daily and weekly statistics for my team.
Helped to coordinate schedules for those on my team.
Was the point person if anyone on my team had questions about how to handle a call or to answer any questions about insurance.
Coach those on my team on rebuttals, call techniques, and how to use the dialer system.
Delivered leads that had QA issues with to my team members. This was always time where I would coach others in a positive way.

Prospect America Arlington, Texas
Lead Generation - Specialist 1998 - 2003
Cold calling small businesses for health insurance lead generation. I was really good at getting through the gatekeeper. Once I had the business owner on the phone, I was one of the best at delivering my presentation and completing all qualification questions.
Skilled at doing data entry while still continuing the phone conversation with the prospect.
Made myself very knowledgeable about the insurance products we were talking about on the phone.
Perfect attendance award multiple times. (Weekly, monthly, quarterly)

PROFESSIONAL SKILLS

Proficient with Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook)
Very capable in any QA or CRM system.
Familiar with predictive dialer systems.
Excellent on phone, and can learn any phone system.
15+ years of customer service (in person, on phone, online)
Leadership: 10+ years supervisory/management experience. Have managed employee schedules, timecards, and payroll processing. A quick learner, a self-starter, and I love motivating others.
Communication: Excellent interpersonal communication skills. Comfortable being customer facing. Outgoing, friendly, and self-confident.

EDUCATION

W.E. Boswell High School
Class of 1995
General Studies

– References gladly furnished upon request –
Contact this candidate