ANANDD THANGARAJ

Summary:
A highly efficient, methodical and talented sr.quality assurance who has considerable experience of developing and implementing effective quality control processes and structures in a manufacturing and corporate environment. Possessing a good understanding of the essentials of safety and quality. A background of achievement in supporting all levels of management & working to set schedules and deadlines.Looking for a company which will challenge my problem solving skills and allow me to continue to develop my knowledge and potential.To work in a creative environment and effectively contribute to the success of the organization.

Work Experience:
SP Apparels - 4 yrs (April 2008 – Jan 2011)
Gogo International - 1 yrs (Feb 2011 – Feb 2012)
TUV SUD South Asia Pvt Ltd - 2 yrs 3 months (Feb 2013 – March 2015)
Bureau veritas cps division - 1 yr (April 2015 to April 2016)
Shahi exports Pvt Ltd - 10 months (April 2016 – Jan 2016)
Panache world - 1 yrs 2 months (June 2017- Oct 2018)
Fifth Avenue Sourcing Ind Pvt Ltd – (Nov 2018 –Feb 2020)

Skill set:
●Sample follow-up in all stages.
●Field quality control
●Mid-Inspection
●Inspection (pre-final audit)
●Production of woven and knitted fabrics.

Job Responsibilities:

●Responsible for maintaining all aspects of the site quality management. Supervising all regulatory compliance activities and helping to enforce quality assurance policies and best practice principles covering from the product development to till shipment including safety, compliance, production and inspection.
●Monitoring and auditing of products to ensure high standards of quality.
●Ensuring that all QA Tests are carried out on time and in full.
●Keeping quality documentation up to date.
●Coordinating the investigation of customer complaints.
●Giving specialist quality assurance advice to the company departments as required.
●Taking care and responsible for quality right from origin of manufacturing process till final stage.To carry out the inline, mid inspection before finishing, packing audits on packing process, pre final inspection to ensure the quality of pcs, packing and overall appearance as soon as before final stage.
●To inspect the quality of packing material for each and every order.
●Inspect development, fit, wear test, pre-production, top sample, sms sample, add sample, to the customer requirements
●Customer manual is bearing in mind we shall taken the correct product.
●To test the fabrics and garments depending to the customer requirements.
●To getting approval from customer if any discrepancies.
●To conduct inspection from fabric stage to final inspection at vendor units and also in-house.
●Having a good communication skill with Buyers and the team.
●Planning, keep observation of Quality, timely delivery and Good team sprit.
●Quality Consciousness and Systematic approach.
●Ensure customer satisfaction by Quality service
●Root cause analyzing for all defects to give solution for factory.
●Project handled about Improve the quality,and minimize & control of the defects.
●If any high issues will be come, reporting to higher authorities, and to be control the defects.Immediately inform to batch for to control the defects.
●Controlling the quality at each stages with respect to the customer expectations by guiding the quality team as well as all the inter departments.
●Reporting the audit results to the quality Manager and higher authorities.
●Ability to give up various ideas regarding to garment.

Strengths:
●Self-confidence and Self-motivated
●Positive Thinking
●Team player and Leadership qualities
●Smart worker

Favourite Quote:
“Every person I work with knows something better than me.
My job is to listen long enough to find it and use it.”

Personal details:
Qualification : 1. Diploma in Textile Technology
2. Diploma in Merchandising and Quality Control
DOB : 24.04.1989
Mobile# : 904-***-**** / 812-***-****
Email address : admvmh@r.postjobfree.com
Address : H-II 374, Bagalur Hudco Phase - 7,Thendral Nagar, Hosur-635109.
Contact this candidate