Sushma Chowadry Raavi

Jersey City, NJ ***** • 917-***-**** • adn27f@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Summary
Customer-oriented General Manager with [Number] years of experience focused on increasing revenues and expanding margin. Adaptive and deadline-oriented consistently executes and completes multiple projects in high-stress environments. Meticulous leader and strategic planner with comprehensive managerial acumen, offering vision and motivational acumen.
Skills
Verbal and Written Communication
Cost Reduction
Originality and Creativity
Training Management
Budget Control
Goal Setting
Decision Making
Quality Assurance
Business Leadership
Sales Tracking
Mathematical Calculation and Reasoning
Employee Motivation
Work History
General Manager, 03/2016 to 03/2020
Subway Restaurants – Manhattaan,ny, Newyork
Drove year-over-year business growth while leading operations, strategic vision and long-range planning.
Established and administered annual budget with controls to prevent overages, minimize burn rate and support sustainability objectives.
Developed and maintained relationships with customers and suppliers through account development.
Reduced costs, managed delivery schedules and performed risk analysis to improve overall profitability.
Designed modern employee recognition program which boosted productivity and improved morale.
Directed successful operational turnaround, eliminating over $[Amount] in debt within [Timeframe].
Reduced corporate risk by managing shrink processes and controlling inventory levels.
Maximized efficiency by coaching and mentoring personnel on management principles, industry practices, company procedures and technology systems.
Shift Leader Manager, 11/2014 to 02/2016
Bawarchi Restaurant – Jersey City, New Jersey
Excelled in every store position and regularly backed up front-line staff.
Managed schedules, accepted time off requests and found coverage for short shifts.
Trained and mentored new employees to maximize team performance.
Trained back-up associates and led crew members in managing operations of storefront.
Cooperated with coworkers to improve customer experience and manage storefront.
Kept employees operating productively and working on task to meet business and customer needs.
Worked closely with team members to schedule breaks and shifts to meet state regulations.
Tracked receipts, employee hours and inventory movements.
Supervised employees and oversaw quality compliance with company standards for food and services.
Coached crew members to optimize performance and motivate toward more efficient work.
Recruited and interviewed candidates for management to evaluate readiness and fit for position.
Education
Bachelor of Science: Computer Engineering Technology, 03/2014
Jntuh - India
Contact this candidate