SHIENNA MICHEL
adocwx@r.postjobfree.com 623-***-**** Avondale, AZ 85392
My name is Shienna Michel, 35 years of age. I have been a certified caregiver for 16 years. I worked at Royal Oaks life are a community for 6 years. I've been an assisted living Designated Manager for 2 years at Royal Oaks. I am hardworking and motivated certified caregiver with 16 years of experience and record of success in healthcare. Solid history balancing team performance, customer service. Dedicated to working closely with employees to maximize productivity and optimize procedures. Decisive leader with good planning and organizational skills.
— I am scheduled to take my state board for Manager for assisted living in two weeks
— I have an updated food handlers card
— I have my CPR and First Aid
Medical records management
Specimen collection
Regulatory compliance
Performing patient intakes
Monitoring fluids
Collecting vital signs
Patient relations
Grooming and bathing assistance
Quality assurance controls
Documentation procedures expert
Calm and level-headed under duress
Collecting specimens
Helping with medication
Infection control procedures
Caregiver Designated Manager Royaloaks Lifecare Community - Sun City, AZ 08/2015 - Current Trained employees on additional job positions to maintain coverage of roles at all times. Assigned tasks to associates to fit skill levels and maximize team performance. Collaborated with staff to maximize customer satisfaction, streamline procedures and improve bottom-line profitability.
Established and created training programs to enhance employee knowledge of best practices, resulting in improved customer satisfaction.
Delegated work to staff, setting priorities and goals. Remained calm and professional in stressful circumstances and when dealing with unhappy customers, effectively diffusing situations.
Treated associates with fairness and respect, providing recognition of accomplishments. Obtained, recorded and reported patient vital signs as needed for medication administration. Responded to patient alarms and needs-assessment requests to identify course of treatment. Medina College Philippines 2007
Bachelor of Science: Nursing
Summary
Skills
Experience
Education and Training
Contact this candidate