Reference will be available upon request Ahmed fathy
Ahmed Fathy Abd Al-aal
Address * : Egypt, El Giza, Al-Harm
Address 2: KSA, Riyadh, Al-Kharj
Mobile: +966********* &+201*********
E-mail: adox7i@r.postjobfree.com
Career Objective
Working in Creative, Challenge environment for gaining great experience, developing myself and increasing my skills and knowledge to face the challenges of the times. Education
Academic qualification: Bachelor of Science (Special chemistry department 2008).
Academic organization: faculty of science Al-Azhar University.
Graduation Grade: Good. with (74.32%).
Skills
Computer Skills: Ability to compose professionally constructed documents using MS Office
(Word, Excel, Power Point and other related application.
Language Skills: Arabic (native), English (very good). Experience.
SMT Plastic Factory KSA, Riyadh for injection PET&HDPE to produce PET Preform and HDPE Caps for Water, juice and beverage companies from Dec.2018 till Now.
Work as Quality manager and Quality Assurance manager.
Manage quality and food safety standard of Food product and food production.
manage audit by third party TUV Nord and audit the second party at our supplier.
Oversee all product evolvement procedures to identify deviation for quality standard.
Develop and maintain documentation such as SOP's, Food safety manuals, policies and proceed Facilitate proactive solutions by collecting and analyzing dataries as related to any food safety concerns.
train quality assurance and quality control employees.
Master PET plastic Factory Egypt 10th Ramadan for injection and bowling PET&HDPE to produce PET jar and HDPE Caps for Water, juice and foods from 6/2015 to Nov.2018.
Work as Quality control manager
Responsible for reviewing records and working plan
Responsible for following up and completing daily work, and ensuring compliance with the work plan
Responsible for submitting periodic reports to the Board of Directors
Responsible for the preparation of a monthly report on the rates of returns and what was completed for the first time (FTT)
Responsible for inventory and risk analysis for all activities Reference will be available upon request Ahmed fathy
Modern PLAST Company Badr city, Cairo, Egypt for injection PET to produce PET Preform for Water and beverage companies from Oct.2010 to 6/2015.
Work as Quality assurance Sup Chemist.
Responsible for Control records and process productivity
Conduct audits interior sections Company
Responsible for laboratory quality management
Work as internal auditor in the company
Member of the Food Safety Team.
supervise the application of all the specifications and standards of the organization, as well as ensure the quality of each of: Raw materials - manufacturing processes - the quality of the final product - the development of quality tests, which help reduce the error rate and improve the quality of the product - measuring devices for quality control - internal coordination with the production departments, design and maintenance
Work as Quality control Chemist in the laboratory
Inspection, testing, or examination to ensure raw materials and Products were produced to conform to specified requirements.
Learning Courses .
Quality Management Diploma / Training Course of Certified Quality Manager from (National Institute of Quality) NQI 01/2018.
Training Course of ISO Quality Management System Auditor / Lead Auditor ISO 9001:2015 From
(Egyptian Quality Association & IRCA) …10/2018
Training Course ISO 22000/2018 &internal Audit ISO 22000:2018 from TUV.
Training Course ISO 9001:2015 & Internal Auditor ISO 19011:2011and ISO 45001/2018 From TUV Nord.
Training Course ISO 22000/2005 & HACCP and GMP
Training in Coca Cola Company.
Training course of HACCP&GMP
Training Course (Awareness) of ISO 9001/2008 & Internal Auditor ISO 19011:2011.
Training on Pest Control and Food Safety (Bavely). Lab Devices
Gas chromatography (Acetaldehyde Concentration) Perkin Elmar Device.
Mettler Toledo DL32 (Moisture).
Lloyed PET plus (intrinsic viscosity).
Profile Projector (dimension).
Olympus wall thickness (Wall Thickness).
Gotech Melt flow index
Top load test.
Torque test.
Personal data
Martial Statues : married.
Military Statues : Finished (1stsep.2010).
Date of Birth : 18thsep.1984.
Personal Skills
Hard-Worker, Self-Confident, Communicative, Self-motivated, and innovative.
Ability to work in team.
Ability to work under pressure.
High rate of learning and capable of gaining new skills.
Contact this candidate