Riyadh, KSA
009***********
adp2of@r.postjobfree.com
Ranim Chehade
Contact
ISO 22000: 2018 Internal
Auditor Training
Level 3 Award in
Supervising Food Safety
Level 3 HACCP in
Catering, Manufacturing
Lebanese Colloquium for
Dietitians
Level 2 Award in Food
Safety
Nutrition For Pregnancy
and Babies
Gastrointestinal
Disorders and their
Medical Therapy

Level 2 Award in Safe
Child Care
Certificates
Time management
Communication
Teamwork skills
Meeting deadline
Problem solving
Organization
Personal Skills
RANIM CHEHADE
QUALITY ASSURANCE MANAGER AND TRAINER
A United States registered dietitian and graduate from the American University of Beirut, I constantly work towards developing my skills and enriching my experiences by helping people maintain healthier diets and lifestyles, working and managing food service and safety domains, and creating healthier communities. I am a very organized, professional, dedicated, ambitious and outgoing person which helps me excel in any challenge I face.
Profile
Quality Assurance Manager and Trainer
Delicious Food Company, Em Sherif Café, Riyadh 2021 - Present
• Create quality measurements to track improvement in products.
• Develop quality assurance standards and company
processes.
• Adhere to industry quality and safety standards.
• Create reports documenting errors and issues for fixing.
• Work closely with the development team to improve existing products.
Food Safety Consultant and Trainer
Boecker Public Health, Riyadh January 2019 - February 2021
• Deliver services according to food safety standards and for designing, initiating and implementing, in a timely manner, safe food systems such as ISO 22000, HACCP, quality Assurance, and kitchen audits.
Food Safety Consultant Intern
Boecker Public Health, Beirut November 2018 - January 2019
• Conduct research on and present food safety programs and topics, assist consultants in kitchen audits and inspection, and in writing reports and analyzing lab results.
Long Term Care Dietitian Intern
Ain Wazein Hospital, Ain Wazein March 2018 - April 2018
• Provide dietetic care for geriatric patients living in long-term facilities.
Dietetic Intern
Beirut Governmental Hospital, Beirut August 2017 - April 2018
• Provide clinical care for patients through the NCP, to screen/assess the patients, come up with a diagnosis and plan an intervention accordingly. This was usually followed by evaluation, monitoring, and an education upon discharge.
• Supervise meals lines in the hospital kitchen.
Experience
Language
English
French
Arabic
Spanish
Microsoft
Word
Excel
PowerPoint
Skills
Women Rights
Reading
Interests
United State Registered Dietitian
US Commission on Dietetic Registration, USA
Credentialed by the US Commission on Dietetic
Registration Equivalent to multiple national
dietetic licenses
2020 - Present
Bachelor’s Degree
American University of Beirut, Lebanon
Bachelor of Health Sciences - Nutrition and
Dietetics
Graduated with distinction
2014 - 2018
Education
Lebanese Food Bank
Present
Helping a Lebanese NGO in the distribution and management of food in order to provide it for people in need. Malala School Bekaa
November 2016 - November 2017
Community nutrition research dealing with exploring the food habits among refugee students.
Medical Volunteering Research Program
2016
A study on full vs. half MRI to detect cancer tumors. Global Smile Foundation
2015
Cleft lip pro bono surgeries for patients with low income. Lebanese Red Cross
Volunteer work
RIYADH SEASON
October 2019 - April 2020
Under Boecker, responsible for the inspection of food safety and hygiene practices of several international restaurant popups such as Tao, Madeo, Nobu, Scott’s, Indian Accent, Tetou...and several other popups in other zones like Riyadh Boulevard, Riyadh Winter Wonderland and Saudi MDL Beast.
Projects
References available upon request.
References
Contact this candidate