Jeffrey L. Chapman
***** ***** **** ***** *****, CA 91709
Phone 256-***-****
adr6d0@r.postjobfree.com

Objective
My goal is to obtain a successful job in the fields related to DoD Government, Acquisition, Program Management, Quality, Logistics, Electronics, Integration, and Operations. I strive towards challenges and look forward to the idea of working in a team-oriented environment. I embrace interacting with people of different backgrounds to achieve a common goal of success, and I am seeking the opportunity to become an asset to an employer with whom I hope to achieve personal growth.
Security Clearance
Secret, Active, Expire 07/2031, Top Secret SCI, Eligible, Inactive

Professional Experience
05/10/2020-Present Defense Contract Management Agency (DoD) Redondo Beach, CA
Director, Senior Quality Assurance
Supervise and manage Technical Operations Group in Contract Management Office (CMO) for $24B major programs support. Provide quality assurance planning for multi-functional technical operations space program teams, James Web Space Telescope (JWST), Next Generation Overhead Persistent Infrared Space – Polar (Next Gen OPIR Polar (NGP), Enhanced Polar System Recapitalization (EPS – R), Joint Polar Satellite Systems (JPSS), Space Based Infrared System (SBIIRS), Evolved Strategic SATCOM (ESS), Protected Tactical Satellite Communication (PTS) and Tranche One Transport Layer program.
Manage 14-member multifunction team achieving 86% On Time Delivery rate for 1126 sub-tier suppliers and sponsored quality controls for 553 Flight Critical Safety Items with reduction to 50 source inspection delegations remaining to support a variety of Department of Defense, National Aeronautical Space Agency (NASA), Space Force, and Space Missile Command customers. Manage oversight for contracts value estimated at $24B and manage the compliance level of contractors to the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR), Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS), NASA FAR Supplement (NFS) Part 1846, NASA Procedural Requirements (NPR) 8735.2, ISO 9001, ISO 13485, AS9100 Quality Management System, National Aerospace and Defense Contractors Accreditation Program (NADCAP), and other guidance and procedures.
Manage quality, technical, and schedule surveillance actions which includes Document Review, Product Assurance, Quality System Evaluation, Quality Data Analysis, and ensure Government Mandatory Inspection Points (GMIPs). Oversee comprehensive analysis of risk related compliance for critical safety attributes of risk factors which includes inspection systems, certifications, hazard analysis controls and mitigation, design complexity, process maturity, manufacturing, quality systems controls, production process, and critical quality conformance attributes.
Provide oversight and guidance in quality assurance methodology for DCMA NGES, evaluate the Quality Assurance Specialist Surveillance Risk Profile Plans (RPP) to the DCMA Manuals, Policies, and Standard Operating Procedures. Evaluate Nonconforming Material (NCP) to establish changes to the local Standard Operating procedures and monitor corrective action plans for the Technical Operations group.

06/2018-05/2020 Defense Contract Management Agency Ottawa, ON, Canada
Technical Operations Director, Program Manager
Support technical operations planning for a multi-functional technical operations team which oversee and manage 80 plus Canadian government contractor facilities with oversight for 2,600 plus contracts, and the contracts total value is estimated at $4.2B. Manage 16-member multi-functional team of Program Mangers, Program Integrators, Quality Assurance Specialist, Industrial Specialist, Earned Value Management, and Engineering which support a variety of DOD customers.
Evaluate technical operations group of Quality Assurance Specialist, Industrial Specialist, Engineering, and Earned Value Management workload by verifying team members’ assigned workload to justify if team members are successfully adhering to the Mission Assurance and Support Policies. Brief Senior Leadership Team (SLT) of findings and provide recommendations for process and workload improvements and find efficiencies to supply chain and production.
Plan, assist, and maintain travel budget for Technical Operations group. Budget projections used to forecast travel budget in 3-month intervals to provide gap analysis and execution for the year. Oversee spending of $201,436 travel budget by monitoring over 100 authorization approvals for travel and over 100 voucher approvals for payment.
Establish risk management and quality control plans for to team on policies and manuals to include adherence for Corrective Action Plans, First Article and Production Lot Testing, Critical Safety Items, Process Reviews, Standard Inspection Requirements, Product Acceptance and Release, Air Launch Recovery Equipment (ALRE) CSI Surveillance, Data Collection and Analysis, Contract Technical Review, Delegation Surveillance, Aircraft Operations, Government Contract Quality Assurance (GCQA) Surveillance Planning, Overhaul Maintenance Modification and Repair (OMMR), Product Examination, Quality System Audit, Risk Assessment, International Request for Contract Administration Services, and Contract Receipt and Review.
Evaluate change management procedures to ensure product deliverables are made in scope of cost, schedule, and quality adhering to the configuration control policy of work breakdown structures. Allocate manpower and resources to meek stakeholders’ expectation and project scope.

10/19/2014-06/23/2019 Defense Contract Management Agency Huntsville, AL
Senior Quality Assurance Manager (Subject Matter Expert)
Serve as a member of multi-functional and technical teams as a non-resident Quality Assurance Manager for the North Alabama Contract Management Office (CMO) area. I oversee and manage 70 plus government contractor facilities and 15-member quality assurance team, which support variety of DoD customers. Huntsville functional team provides oversight for 7,600 plus contracts, and the contracts total value is estimated at $42B.
Monitor and track team Quality System Audits performed on various suppliers and create Quality System Audit baseline for risk base approach analysis. Determine risk assessment for all risk management and risk mitigation scenario, with data collection and analysis to determine best action of plan for critical analysis and resolution of risk plans.
Review Engineering Changes Proposal (ECP) and make recommendations for approval or disapproval. Review waivers and make acceptance decisions or recommendations for approval and assure that necessary corrective action is taken by the contractor for all waivers.
Provide Lean Manufacturing and Six Sigma methods to and solve quality assurance problems to mitigate risk and improve processes.
Conduct investigation for Quality Product Deficiency Report (PQDR) ensure adequate replies are provided prior to release to the Deficiency Report Program Manager (DRPM) for root cause analysis and Preventative Action Plan.
Review contracts, drawings, Statements of Work (SOW), Quality Assurance Letter of Instructions (QALIs), Quality Assurance Surveillance Plans (QASP), Performance Work Statements (PWS), Memorandum of Agreement (MOA), and technical data packages to identify the specification requirements which the contractor's processes must meet.
Perform Contract Technical Review to identify differences between contract technical requirements and current contractor processes. Establish a requirement baseline for the processes performed by the contractors. Insert mandatory inspection points (MIPs) or mandatory government inspections (MGIs) on special processes, critical characteristic inspections, and final inspections.

12/01/2016-07/01/2017 Army Contracting Command Kabul, Afghanistan
Senior Program Manager (Quality Assurance Subject Matter Expert)
Serve as a member of multi-functional and technical teams in Afghanistan in support of Army Contracting Command (ACC), Expeditionary Contracting Command (ECC), Regional Contracting Command (RCC), North Atlantic Trade Organization (NATO), and Resolute Support (RS). Manage government contractors and 74 Contracting Officer Representatives (CORs), quality assurance team, and CJOA-A functional team contracts total value is estimated at $17B.
Prepare Quality Assurance Surveillance Plans for CORs to execute contract GCQA surveillance. Develop training and evaluation of Contract Officer Representatives (CORs) performance by providing verification of audit and surveillance reports are adhering to the Quality Assurance Mission Support Policies, and fully successful the Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS).
Lead/direct, review, and evaluate solutions for life -cycle armament system QA and safety activities by developing policies, procedures, directives, and guidelines. Identify and recommend solutions to the Forward Support Battalion (FSB) and National Support Element (NSE) to minimize risk of facility maintenance, construction, base life support and sustainment efforts to improve implementation.
Perform pre-/post-award for Technical Evaluation (TE) review boards. Participates in pre-solicitation committees and contract award boards and review technical data packages (TDPs) for adequacy to determine/implement quality requirements. Provides QA input for Statements of Work (SOWs), and modification work orders (MWOs). Develop QA plans for all phases of product, service, or weapon system life cycle, and prepare Quality Assurance Letter of Instruction (QALI) for contract support.
Conduct post-award conferences (POAC) and participate in pre-award surveys. Makes approval/disapproval recommendations to Procuring Contracting Officer (PCO) based on reviews, inspections, tests, or analyses, and initiate or recommend corrective actions for quality issues/problems. Performs on-site visits as required to various Forward Operating Bases (FOBs) to include Training Ammunition Authorization Committee (TAAC) east, and TAAC-capital.
Oversee contractor performance on Letter of Technical Direction (LOTD) for all active Performance Work Statements (PWS) on LOGCAP contract. Validate service order request for all Operation and Mission repair or service work performed in accordance with LOTD and oversee work performed on Master Schedule of Work (MSOW) LOGCAP Support Operations for the scope of all Task Orders (TO.

08/02/2010-10/19/2014 Defense Contract Management Agency Huntsville, AL
Quality Assurance Representative (QAR)
Serve as a member of multi-functional and technical teams as a non-resident Quality Assurance Specialist for the North Alabama Contract Management Office (CMO) area. Oversee and manage 20 plus government contractor facilities for 7,600 plus contracts with total value estimated at $42B.
Review contracts, drawings, Statements of Work (SOW), Quality Assurance Letter of Instructions (QALIs), Quality Assurance Surveillance Plans (QASP), Performance Work Statements (PWS), Memorandum of Agreement (MOA), and technical data packages to identify the specification. Perform Contract Technical Review to insert Government Mandatory Inspection Points (GMIPs) or Mandatory Government Inspections (MGIs) on special processes, critical characteristic inspections, and final inspections.
Conduct QA Post Award Orientation Conference (PAOC) and First Article Test Reporting meetings to assess the adequacy of supplier’s first article plans, processes and provide written recommendations for approval/disapproval to contracting officers. Conduct comprehensive analytical evaluations to facilitate program improvements and increase the overall efficiency and effectiveness of quality management planning.
Identify Critical Safety Items (CSI), Safety of Flight (SOF), and Mission Critical (MCI) items.
Lead government investigations on Product Quality Deficiency Reports (PQDRs) explaining validation, cause, and responsibility for deficiency. Perform root cause analysis to determine preventive and Corrective Action Requests to be taken and document analysis and upload report in the Product Data Reporting and Evaluation Program (PDREP) system.
Lead and support Quality Management System Audits of supplier quality systems which are ISO 9001 or AS 9100, ISO 13485 compliant or equivalent in accordance to FAR 52.246-11 and Far 52.246-2.
Participates in Material Review Board (MRB) activities when authorized and recommends and uses Independent Laboratory Testing (ILT). Make recommendations and approvals for Engineering Change Request (ECN), and Request for Waiver/Deviation/Variance (RFW/RFD/RFV) to Buying Command.

01/2007-08/2010 Yulista Aviation Management Services, Inc. Huntsville, AL
Program Integrator/Project Coordinator
Support Blue Force Tracking (BFT) for FBCB2 (The Force XXI Battle Command Brigade-and-Below-Enhanced Position Location Reporting System).
Coordinate installation for Aviation aircraft and mobile ground units include Tactical II Operations Center (TOC II), UH- 60A/L, UH-60M, CH-47D, CH-47F, OH-58D, OH-58A/C, AH-64D, and more. Also, support several C4I Navy systems such as CH-53D, CH-53E, CH-46E, HH-60H.
Track all C4I components, COMSEC, Government Furnished Equipment (GFE), Government Furnished Property (GFP), and Contract Acquired Property (CAP) used in Army Battle Command System (ABCS) throughout CONUS and OCONUS locations.
Established and monitored supply chain-based performance measurement systems. Make recommendations, improvement, and implementation of processes, Statement of Work (SOW), and directives issued by the contract and program office concerning logistics and property accountability activities.
Create Bill of Material (BOM) and packing list for integration of retrofit and production kits. Generate route sheets for integrating assemblies and subassemblies for production for integration and field return kits.

Certifications
Defense Acquisition University Defense Acquisition Corps Membership, 11/03/2019
Lean Six Sigma Training (LSST) Greenbelt 200 Office of Secretary of Defense (OSD) Certification, 2015
AS9100 Quality System Auditor (ASQ RABQSA Certified), 09/18/2015
ISO 9001: 2008 Lead Auditor (ASQ RABQSA Certified), 2011
ISO 9001:2008 Internal Auditor (ASQ RABQSA Certified), 2011
DAWIA (Defense Acquisition Workforce Improvement Act) PQM Level III Certification, 04/20/2015
DAWIA (Defense Acquisition Workforce Improvement Act) PQM Level II Certification, 09/22/2011
NDT Magnetic Particle Specialist Level I & II Certification, 2014
NDT Penetrant Specialist Level I & II Certification, 2014
Department of Defense Demilitarization Program Certified, 2016
IPC J-STD 001 Certified, 2010-2018

Awards & Recognition
Lump Sum Performance Payment Rating, 2022
Lump Sum Performance Payment Rating, 2021
Individual Performance Cash Award Ratings-Based, 2021
Lump Sum Performance Payment Rating, 2021
Defense Contract Management Agency International Americas Award for Excellence, 2020
Lump Sum Performance Payment Rating, 2019
Secretary of Defense Global War on Terrorism Medal, 2018
Individual Performance Cash Award Ratings-Based, 2018
North Atlantic Treaty Organization Civilian Non-Article 5 Award, 2017

Education
[01/2021 – 04/2026] Northwestern California University School of Law Sacramento, CA
Pursuing Juris Doctorate (J.D.) of Law

Columbia Southern University Orange Beach, Al
Bachelor of Science Degree in Business Administration with Minor in Project Management

Columbia Southern University Orange Beach, AL
Associate of Applied Science Degree in Business Administration

Cleveland Institute of Electronics Cleveland, Ohio
Associate of Applied Science in Electronics Technology
Contact this candidate