PANKAJ KUMAR GUPT
Mobile: +91-956******* Email: adrwtn@r.postjobfree.com
Seeking assignment in Implementing IATF 16949, ISO 9001 & ISO 14001/Parts Quality Assurance/Process Quality Improvements/ Supplier & Customer handling with an organization of repute A BRIEF OVERVIEW
An Electronics Engineer with over 8.8 years of experience in Implementing IMS (Integrated Management System) within Organization, Incoming Quality, Customer Quality, Supplier Quality, Process (Line) Quality, Outgoing Quality and Parts Reliability, Process Engineering, NPI.
Successfully implementation of IATF 16949:2016, ISO 9001:2015 & ISO 14001:2015 within Organization.
Track record of successful setup of New Customer, New product development, Process Improvement with Quality systems within Organization.
Experience of implementing Seven Quality Tools, Quality standards, 3Q6S, 8D, kaizen, Kanban, Poka-Yoke, International Standards (IS) with Quality techniques for improving the operational efficiency.
Successfully handled customer/ field problems and delivered corrective actions to ensure product with good quality.
Quick Learner of new industries/product offerings with result-oriented achievements. Napino Auto & Electronics Ltd, Manesar, Gurugram, Haryana Oct’2021- May’2022 Asst. Manager -Quality Assurance (Overall Plant Quality) Job Responsibilities:
Financial: -
Finalize the department budget and ensure adherence to department budget and minimize operating costs and overheads
Monitor the cost due to rejections and Rework and support other departments in controlling the same Customer: -
Ensure Preparation of timely and accurate countermeasures to address customer issues
Provide support to other departments (Internal Customers) in managing quality within their process
Conduct periodic visits to the customers to ensure that any critical issues are addressed on priority
Conduct periodic visits to the suppliers of the plant to ensure ongoing improvement in their service
To ensure the fulfillment of customer requirements. Process: -
Monitor the in-process quality by setting standard and supporting the production teams to adhere to the same.
Ensure that patrol inspection schedules are adhered to, and review the inspection reports on a periodic basis.
Review customer/supplier rejection reports and ensure implementation of action plans.
Ensure quality of incoming material from all vendors supplying to the plant
Monitor and control issues with regard to the quality of suppliers for the plant
Oversee the PDI related activities and ensure that the products dispatched to meet the required standards.
Drive quality-related improvement projects at the plant including customer projects as well as internal improvement initiatives.
Review the standard room reports periodically to ensure that the gauges are calibrated accurately.
Ensure that all quality-related compliances and standards for the plant are met.
Lead the quality Audits for the plant by coordinating with all departments and ensuring effective implementation of the same
To conduct internal audits as per plan to ensure that the quality management system conforms to the requirements of this international Standard.
Review the key performance indicators monthly to ensure that the processes are delivering their intended outputs.
Reporting on the performance of the quality management system and on opportunities for improvement in particular to plant head as and when required & during Management review to help plant head in taking the decision.
Knowledge of Quality Control practices.
Knowledge of sampling plans and techniques.
Quality assurance practices and procedures.
Knowledge of ISO9001, IATF 16949:2016, ISO 14001:2015 & OHSAS 18001.
HIRA & Environment Aspect and Impact.
NALUX Electronics Pvt. Ltd, South Goa (A unit of Techno Group) Feb’2021- Oct’2021 Asst. Manager (HOD) -Quality Assurance (Overall Plant Quality) Job Responsibilities:
Ensuring that the processes needed for QMS are established, implemented & maintained as per ISO standard.
Coordinate with all sections for implementation & maintenance of QMS, review regularly performance of QMS & communicate to top management.
Ensuring promotion of awareness of customer requirements throughout the organization.
Plan & organize internal quality audits & apprise the top management of the outcome of audit reports.
Providing guidance & coordination to all departments for QMS documentation.
Plan & coordinate management review meetings and act as a lead member in perusing management decisions with respect to QMS.
Regular interaction & coordination with certifying body of ISO.
Responsible for document control & withdrawal of obsolete/superseded quality system documents.
Liaison with external parties on matters relating to company’s QMS.
To have a clear understanding of the management directives & the changing customers stated & implied needs with the objectives of maximizing customer satisfaction & manufacturing products & provide services of attractive quality
Conducting Internal Audits, Product Audits & Process Audits within organization and implementing corrective actions for NCs (non-conformity) to ensure quality within time & budget constraints.
Monthly Operator authorization of critical operations in all quality stations.
Control and monitoring all Quality parameters at line and improve bottle neck problems through Kaizens/Poka-Yoke.
Ensuring timely closure of non-conformities cited during audits.
Analysing warranty parts (motors) and finding root cause & implementing corrective and preventing actions.
Making KPI on Monthly Basis and presenting to Management.
Attending customer complaints at customer site and then to implement the improvements on the production line and submitting 8D to customers.
Uploading and ensuring documents on Customer Portals e.g. 8D reports, Audit Reports, ROHS & MSDS Reports, OQC Reports
Handling audit with customers and closing NC’s observed during audits. Nidec India Pvt. Ltd, Neemarana (A unit of Nidec Group) Feb’2019- Jan’2021 Sr. Engineer-Quality Assurance (Customer Handling, NPD, Process Quality (SMT & SPMS) & Out going QC) Job Responsibilities:
Implement 3Q6S on line/Out-going Quality Area to improve high quality rejections.
Conducting Internal Audits, Product Audits & Process Audits within organization and implementing corrective actions for NCs (non-conformity) to ensure quality within time & budget constraints.
Monthly Operator authorization of critical operations in all quality stations.
Control and monitoring all Quality parameters at line and improve bottle neck problems through Kaizens/Poka-Yoke.
Ensuring timely closure of non-conformities cited during audits.
Analyzing warranty parts (motors) and finding root cause & implementing corrective and preventing actions.
Handling new model development and rectifying all product life cycle observations.
Daily morning meeting (Red-Bin Meeting) with team members for Line Quality/Customer Quality/dispatch related issues.
Prepare Process flow charts, jig & fixtures, work instructions, process check sheets and identify critical characteristics.
Organizing monthly Q-meeting with all departments HOD’s to share overall line quality rejections.
Weekly update MIS / Red-Bin Data and conducting Kaizen, Quality Circle and Employee Satisfaction Survey.
Making TNI-Training Need Identification Plan and insuring to give trainings to operators/engineers or on critical quality parameters and new models parameters for smooth operation of line.
Conducting Management Review Meeting after every Three month.
Preparing MIS Report on the basis of Business plan on weekly and monthly basis.
Presenting weekly Poka Yoke / Quality Circle activities status to management.
Attending customer complaints at customer site and then to implement the improvements on the production line and submitting 8D to customers.
Uploading and ensuring documents on Customer Portals e.g. 8D reports, Audit Reports, ROHS & MSDS Reports, OQC Reports
Handling audit with customers and closing NC’s observed during audits.
Handling Export and Import Customers for Home Appliances Motors. Customers:- Magnetic Marelli, Subros, Mahle & Valeo for Automotive Sections Home Appliance Customers:
Indian Customers : Samsung Noida & Chennai, LG Noida & Pune, Heir Pune & Voltas Beko Maharastra, Leibherr Maharastra Overseas Customers: Samsung Mexico, LG Korea, Arcelik Turkey & Thailand, EGO China & Thailand, Sharp Thailand JNJ Electronics Ltd., Khandsa, Gurugram (A unit of JPM Group) Jan’18- Feb’19 Sr. Engineer-Quality Assurance (Implementing QMS/EMS, Customer, Supplier, NPD, Process, IQC & Out going QC) Job Responsibilities:
Preparing QMS/IMS/ISMS Manuals, Procedures, Formats in accordance with IATF 16949:2016, ISO 9001:2015 & ISO 14001: 2015.
Control and monitoring all Quality parameters at line and improve bottle neck problems through Kaizens.
Fully involved in new model development and rectifying all product life cycle observations.
Ensures timely closure of non-conformities cited during audits. Create formal audit reports & assign corrective actions
Conducting Internal Audits, Product Audits & Process Audits within organization and implementing corrective actions for NCs (non-conformity) to ensure quality within time & budget constraints.
Perform daily line patrolling and audit with the help of Process Audit sheet.
Daily morning meeting (Red-Bin Meeting) with team members for Quality/ dispatch related issues and allocate work.
Prepare Process flow charts, jig & fixtures, work instructions, process check sheets and identify critical characteristics.
Organize monthly Q-meeting with all department HOD’s to share overall line quality rejections.
Implement Quality circle on line to improve high quality rejections.
Quarterly Operator authorization of critical operations in all quality stations.
Monthly update MIS / Red-Bin Data and conducting Kaizen, Quality Circle, Employee Satisfaction Survey.
Provide training to operators as per training schedule(TNI-Training Need Identification Plan) or on critical quality parameters and new models parameters for smooth operation of line.
Conduct Management Review Meeting after every three month.
Preparing MIS Report on the basis of Business plan on weekly and monthly basis.
Preparing & Reviewing Anti-Bribery Policy, Whistle Blowing Policy & Code of Conduct Policy.
Monthly Kaizen / Poka Yoke / Quality Circle activities status present to management.
Attend customer complaints at customer site and then to implement the improvements on the production line and submitting 8D to customers.
Customers:- Maruti, Hero, Yamaha & Suzuki
Trainings & Certifications:
Internal Auditing of Quality Management System based on IATF 16949:2016 (TUV SUD)
Laboratory Quality Management System and Internal Audit as per ISO/IEC- 17025:2017 (STQC)
Attending Quality Meeting about SMC & MSIL Requirements (Conducted By: MACE) SGS Tekniks Manufacturing Pvt. Ltd., Manesar Nov’16- Jan’18 Engineer - Quality Assurance (QMS/IMS, Customer Quality, IQC, Process & Out going QC) Job Responsibilities:
Preparing QMS/IMS Manuals, Procedures, Formats in accordance with IATF 16949:2016, ISO 9001:2015 & ISO 14001: 2015.
Monitoring the overall processes, identify improvement areas, conducting process reviews to ensure strict adherence to the process parameters/systems as per defined guidelines, specifications and standards.
Product Audit (daily basis) as per CSR & Testing (2hrs) parameters to satisfy the product performance.
Implemented continuous improvements, 8D methodology, control key process, product failure & supplier issues.
Played key role in establishing quality standards (defined defect criteria, online sampling, Process flow chart, Process audit check sheet) and also the implementation of these on the shop floor.
Analyzed and reduce the Customer call rate (CCR) % by improving the new critical thinking concepts on shop floor.
In-charge and responsible for daily activities e.g. shop floor process audit, CAL monitoring meeting with concerns for quality issues, ECR, ECN, new part developed and process related issues.
Lead & monitor team’s performance to ensure process/ operations efficiency and to meet individual & group’s target.
Responsible for monthly operator’s certification (critical operations only) & Process & OQC reports on monthly basis.
Inspection of all raw material (Electronic components SMD & T/H) received in plant at incoming stage according to their specification.
Communicate to purchase/supplier regarding any discrepancy observed in material through mail.
Preparing I.I.S (Inspection Instruction Sheet) for all components.
Arrange the disposal of process /IQC rejected material.
Preparing Sample evaluation report for new supplier or new item received.
Maintaining all IQC records like IQC Reports/Material Rejection Note/Deviation Note/Change Note etc.
Maintain the records of certificates (ISO, OHSAS, TS) of vendors and customers.
Demanding CAPA from supplier and ensuring its implementation from further supply.
Communicating with supplier regarding any quality issue.
Ensuring implementation of ECN, CSR and CAPA.
Maintaining the documents as per ISO 9001, TS 16949, OSHAS 18001 & ISO 14001 and Customer requirements.
Standardization and control the entire documentation use in process.
Training given to new Technicians/ operators on awareness on OHSAS, ESD, 5S, Electronic components, emergency preparedness and plans.
Part No. of Components verified with the BOM through SAP.
Promotion & Implementation of 5S, Kaizen, Quality Circles, Poke Yoke concept, IPC-610-E for acceptance of electronic assemblies, Statistical tools & techniques and other Lean manufacturing tools to cultivate the lean culture throughout the organization.
Doing daily process Audit and taking immediately action.
Following up of CAPA for daily process NC and open observation found during daily process Audit.
Validation of BOM (Bill of Material), posted in SAP with Customer BOM.
Validation of produced PCBA (like Polarity, Specification, Location, Solder ability, defects according to IPC standard 610F), with Golden sample and SAP BOM.
Preparing all documents (like PFC, Control Plan, WI, Skill Matrix, Programme Matrix, and Quality Alerts) displayed on production line related to product which has to be produced.
Monthly process rejection analysis.
Taking care OQA/FQA produced PCBA & making reports accordingly.
Doing RED BIN meeting for discussion regarding Defects found during FQA/OQA.
Preparing FHIR for field failure goods came back from Customer End.
Preparing flow chart of field failure goods for rework of same.
Preparing Report for FQA/OQA of field failure.
Making communication with customer regarding solving their problem generated during our process.
Provide 8D report to the customer by analysis of our process and individual stage related to the problem.
Sending reports to customer on daily, weekly & monthly basis.
Attending Con-Call Meeting with Customer on weekly basis & short out their queries.
Conducting audits with customer & closing the NC’s. Customers:- Secure Meter Ltd, Landis & Gyr, Pricol, Continental & Hitachi Extra Responsibility:-
CALIBRATION:-
Preparing Master list of Instruments for all active and inactive Instrument/equipment.
Preparing Monthly plan of Calibration of Instrument.
Doing calibration of all instruments which UUC according to monthly plan.
Preparing all report of calibration of instruments according to NATIONAL STANDARD.
Doing and follow up with vendor for External Calibration and calibration report of Instrument Napino Auto & Electronics Ltd., Manesar July’13 - Nov’16 Fixed Term on Contract (FTC) – CDI SMT (Production, Process Quality & Incoming Quality) Job Responsibilities:
First article in PCB SMD assembly.
Component level analysis in Electronics Product.
Rejection Analysis on the basis of observation & data collection.
To manage Production lines and handle Quality issues
First article in PCB SMD Assy. (Component verification with BOM).
Responsible for patrolling inspection & setup verification.
Preparing of daily, weekly and monthly reports.
Documentation for IR, PDIR, Error collecting.
Component level analysis in Electronics product.
Component reorganization after production.
Kit verification and Receiving material inspection.
Product Change Setup verification.
Implement “5S” & “Kaizen” for continuous improvement on shop floor.
To maintain quality as well as production and responsible for process inspection.
Updating for daily morning meeting board.
To manage manpower according to work.
Maintenance of SMT machine under supervision of senior person.
Machine Handling:
• AOI-Saki(Editing & Programming)
• Chip Mounter- Yamaha yg200,yamaha yv100 x,(Operation)
• Paste printer- Minami mark 2
• Oven Reflow-ETC 8 zone (Profiling)
LEARNING & GROWTH (Professional Trainings)
ESD and PPE at Napino
OEE at Napino
5’s at Napino
CAPA at Napino
Kaizen at Napino
8D (2 Days) at Continental
FMEA at SGS
SPC at SGS
MSA at SGS
ISO 9001:2008 standards and deployment awareness training at SGS Achievements:
Internal Auditing of Quality Management System based on IATF 16949:2016 Certification.
Laboratory Quality Management System and Internal Audit as per ISO/IEC- 17025:2017 Certification.
Successfully implementation of IATF 16949:2016 in JNJ and Successfully implementation of IATF 16949:2016, ISO 9001:2015 & ISO 14001: 2015 in SGS.
MARUTI VENDOR QUALITY SYSTEM AUDIT: Successfully Lead MSIL audit and achieved the “Green” status.
Best Kaizen Award of the Year “2017” in SGS.
Awarded with “Best Quality Engineer” by Customer Secure Meter Ltd. For reducing rejection from 4.75% to 0.65%.
Successfully setup of two New Customers in SGS i.e. Continental, Hitachi & Philips.
Successfully setup of many New Customers in Nidec i.e. EGO, DJF, LGCF, Sharp.
Successfully Introduce new models “Ather E Bike ECU/Electric Motor Unit & Ceiling Fan G1.5C BLDC motor unit” at our SMT & Assembly Line.
ACADEMIA
Degree Electronics and Communication Engg. UPTU, Lucknow 2012 12th PCM UP Board, UP 2007
10th PCM UP Board, UP 2005
PERSONAL DETAILS
Date of Birth : 05th June 1990
Address : 4R4 RHB Gandhi Kutir, Bhiwadi, Alwar, Rajasthan 301019 Marital Status : Married
Passport : Z3515087
Language Known : English and Hindi
Computer Knowledge : Proficient in MS-Office, Mini Tab 13.0, SAP
Contact this candidate