PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY
Dedicated warehouse professional with a history of meeting company goals
utilizing consistent and organized practices. Skilled in working under pressure and adapting to new situations and challenges to best enhance the organizational brand. Organized and dependable candidate successful at managing multiple priorities with a positive attitude. Willingness to take on added responsibilities to meet team goals. Detail-oriented team player with strong organizational skills. Ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously with a high degree of accuracy. To seek and maintain full-time position that offers professional challenges utilizing interpersonal and problem-solving skills.
SKILLS
Customer satisfaction
Employee relations
Staff training/mentoring
Scheduling
Detail-oriented
Dedicated team player
Reading Comprehension
Conflict Resolution Tactics
Organizational Systems
SOP Development
Adaptability and Flexibility
Verbal and Written
Communication
Site Operations
Safety Monitoring
Site Management
Best Practices and Standards
Documentation
WORK HISTORY
Site Operations Manager / TEC Services - Ridgefield, WA. UNFI Warehouse
/ 03.2022 - 03.2023
Reported issues to the VP and AD.
Inspected cleanliness of common areas and offices. Implemented process improvement to shape organizational culture, optimize procedures for higher efficiency and help company evolve and grow.
Complied with safe operating practices and assessed operational procedures against best practices.
Interacted well with customers to build connections and nurture relationships.
Observed each employee's individual strengths and initiated mentoring program to improve areas of weakness.
Resolved issues between employees and customers using company policies.
Performed and documented daily quality assurance inspections using SAP.
Met with clients management team daily to address any issues or concerns.
Coordinated site investigations, documented issues, and escalated to TAMARA ROSS
adwhxp@r.postjobfree.com 360-***-**** Ridgefield, WA. 98642 executive teams.
Recruited, hired, and trained initial personnel, working to establish key internal functions and outline scope of positions for new organization. Cultivated and strengthened lasting client relationships using strong issue resolution and dynamic communication skills.
Maintained records and logs of work performed and materials and equipment to remain in compliance with SQF regulations. Kept sites compliant with OSHA, state, and local regulations to prevent unnecessary risks.
Monitored, coached, and supervised nearly 100 cleaners working for the companies 3 different service providers in 2022.
Oversaw all daily sanitation operations and equipment maintenance. Sanitation Shift Supervisor / Capstone Logistics LLC. - Ridgefield, WA. UNFI Warehouse / 11.2019 - 03.2022
Prepared shift summary reports for supervisor and communicated regularly on goals and progress.
Delivered successful training to more than 50 employees during tenure, educating on successful work processes and productivity strategies. Responded to and resolved client questions and concerns. Trained new employees and delegated daily tasks and responsibilities. Managed inventory and ordered supplies to keep location well stocked with necessary supplies.
Enforced company policies and regulations with employees. Conducted routine inspections to check quality and compliance with established specifications.
Resolved customer complaints and issues and offered thoughtful solutions to maintain customer satisfaction.
Assistant General Manager / MOD Pizza - Battle Ground, WA / 06.2017 - 09.2019
Handle all aspects of running a restaurant, hiring/training, scheduling, payroll, ordering products, scheduling any maintenance, and working with vendors
Follows all standard operating procedures for food preparation, cash handling, safety, and security
Specifically mentor Captains to support Squad Members through positive interactions and providing respectful and direct coaching Provided coverage for frontline and or leadership duties for any additional hours necessary to cover gaps
Performs any and all additional tasks and duties as directed by General Manager.
Resolved problems promptly to elevate customer approval. Recruited, hired, and trained initial personnel, working to establish key internal functions and outline scope of positions for new organization. Managed team schedule with eye for coverage needs and individual strengths.
Oversaw inventory by ordering precise quantities of stock and executing corrective actions to drive profitability.
Observed each employee's individual strengths and initiated mentoring program to improve areas of weakness.
Monitored daily cash discrepancies, inventory shrinkage and drive-off. Enforced quality assurance protocols to deliver ideal customer experiences.
Trained and guided team members to maintain high productivity and performance metrics.
Handled cash accurately and prepared deposits.
EDUCATION
OSHA Training Institute Education Centers / 05.2022 OSHA - 10: General Industry Safety And Health
Online Food Safety Program
MAST WA Food Worker Card ServSafe Certification
Lewis And Clark High School - Vancouver, WA
Diploma
Contact this candidate