Lawrence A. Haley II
Quality Assurance Manager

Lawrence A. Haley II
***** ****** **
APT 40513
SAN DIEGO, CA 92126
281-***-****
adwlhp@r.postjobfree.com
ㅡ
Skills

Cross-functional leadership, Personnel development, Interpersonal communication, Interagency collaboration, Budget execution, Resource management, Process improvement, Problem solving, Defining milestones, Training development and facilitation, Performance evaluation, Mentoring, Procurement, Staff development, Job Analysis
ㅡ
Experience

Surfacemode Inc/ Quality Manager
December 2022 – Present
Modified, implemented, and managed the quality management system in accordance with the AS9100 and ISO 9001 standards.
Responsible for continuous improvement, inspections, testing, preventive and corrective actions, root cause analysis, and solution implementation.
Conducting management reviews, contract reviews, internal audits, process audits, and supplier audits.
Researching and qualifying new service suppliers.

L & T Precision LLC/ Quality Supervisor
January 2022 – October 2022
Oversees all aspects of quality activities to ensure all business objectives are being achieved.
Oversees the inspection process in various stages: in-process, floor inspection, receiving inspection, first-article inspection and final inspection.
Prepares and delivers briefs to departmental leadership on the status of ongoing projects.
Oversees the Internal Rejection, Return Material Authorization, and other escaped defects for corrective actions.
Oversees purchase requisitions for material and supplies needed to support Quality Control.
Managed the calibration program comprised of 387 line-items.
Supervises 7 personnel in all aspects of quality inspection, lean concepts, and quality documentation.
United States Navy / Quality Assurance Supervisor
November 2014 - October 2018, San Diego CA (USS Carl Vinson)
Directed a quality assurance program for 270 employees that ensured systematic and effective methods for gathering, analyzing, and maintaining information on product quality, source and nature of defects and the impact on current operations.
Managed the divisional Tool Control Program consisting of 2,500 tools valued in excess of $500,000, the Precision Measuring Equipment program consisting of 550-line items, and the Non-Destructive Inspection program.
Provided extensive maintenance spot check training to evaluate compliance with applicable instructions for 200 personnel.
Planned, developed, and conducted monthly Quality Assurance Inspector training for 81 personnel.
Performed inspections on maintenance equipment and facilities ensuring compliance with fire and safety regulations, and existence of satisfactory environmental conditions.
Provided a continuous training program in techniques and procedures pertaining to the conduct of QA inspections. When directed, provided technical task forces to study trouble areas and submit recommendations for corrective action.
Reviewed periodic inspection records and noted recurring discrepancies requiring special action.
Monitored the use of PME to ensure compliance with calibration intervals and safety instructions.
Reviewed all incoming technical publications and directives to determine their applicability.
United States Navy / Quality Assurance Inspector
April 2006 - June 2010, San Diego CA (USS Ronald Reagan)

Personally inspected 150 critical maintenance actions on four steam catapults resulting in the safe launch of 3,000 combat aircraft.

Managed the distribution of an operational budget of one million dollars of expenditures and supplies resulting in the completion of the ship’s largest maintenance package ahead of schedule.
Ensured the completion of 4,000 maintenance actions on four steam catapults and associated equipment resulting in the safe and effective launch of 10,000 aircraft, directly supporting combat operations.

Conceived, developed, and implemented a “Never-Out List” of 500 critical parts and components that were required to be maintained on hand for the maintenance and upkeep of four steam catapults, five arresting gear engines, and associated equipment.

Supervised the submission, tracking, and delivery of 500 maintenance requisitions and the critical logistical support for 300 personnel.
ㅡ
Education

United States Navy
June 1998 - December 2021, Various Locations
Advanced Leadership Course
Operational Risk Management Course
Lean Six-Sigma White Belt Course
Lean Six-Sigma Yellow Belt Course
Quality Assurance Administration Course
Hazardous Material and Control and Management Technician Course
Naval Instructor Training Course
ㅡ
Summary

Senior Quality Assurance Supervisor, Safety Director, Project Manager, and Training Specialist with an impeccable 23-year Naval career. Documented technical expert in the operation and maintenance of specialized hydraulic, pneumatic, steam systems, and aircraft launching and recovery systems and associated equipment, program management, training formalization, process improvement, and enabling teams to thrive and exceed expectations in a fast-paced global and domestic environment. Cultivated and mentored various highly skilled and diverse teams of cross-functional personnel, formulated operational policies, and managed an operational budget in excess of $1.5M. Recipient of numerous awards for outstanding performance and professionalism. Determined to leverage leadership, knowledge, and communication skills in a Maintenance, Operations, Safety, Quality Assurance or Project Management position. Career supported by specialized military training. SCI Top Secret Security Clearance granted.
Contact this candidate