MEENU G. WALIA

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Methodical Senior Quality Assurance Analyst skilled in operating different environments and working under strict deadlines. Excellent communication and planning abilities developed over 24-year career in Health, Telecom, Financial and Construction and telecom. Strong knowledge off SDLC. Very advanced knowledge of web-based/ Manual/ Mobile testing. Participate in agile scrum related meetings. Proactively identifies new tools, processes and approaches to improve overall testing strategy. Strong background in collecting and analyzing quality measures and making recommendations for process and quality improvements.

WORK HISTORY
Senior Quality Assurance Analyst/ Lead, 12/2018 to 10/2022
Colas(Construction) USA - Denver, CO
Created and achieved product quality objectives and met product specifications.
Proficiency in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio)
Maintain writing Test Cases, going through requirements.
Writing defects using MGMT tools and validating
Collaborate with the Product team in creation of Acceptance Criteria for stories following Agile and Design Thinking practices
Use Jira to create Jira dashboard/filters and update as needed.
Maintain defect Triage meetings
Created and gained project approval on project test plans.
Fixed identified issues to increase productivity and boost workflows.
Create and maintain test cases and test case traceability mappings to verify functionalities have met
Participate in Agile scrum related meeting
Maintain and create Regression suite.
Create dummy test data to validate the product.
Designed, documented and executed test scenarios to identify software bugs.
Based on the requirements, Test plans and test cases are created. Involved in sprint planning for QA test cycle, estimation and creation of Test Strategy, Test Plan, Test Cases and Test Suites.
Optimized test cases to maximize success of manual software testing.
Tested Web-based, Mobile testing and creating Test Plans
Reported progress, test metrics and results to project stakeholders.
Mentored and coached team members on QA topics and strategies.
Senior QA/ Lead, 08/2018 to 11/2018
Arrow Electronics - Denver, CO
Developed and maintained quality assurance procedure documentation.
Maintain writing Test Cases, going through requirements.
Writing defects using MGMT tools and validating
Defined and implemented quality initiatives to reduce risk.
Led process improvement projects to help operations meet and exceed quality standards and reduce costs.
Workday was used to program development, cost and outcomes analysis.
Worked very closely with customers and Stakeholders
Maintain record, status reports create test data for the customer.
Provided regular updates to team leadership on quality metrics by communicating consistency problems or production deficiencies.
Consulted manuals and process documents to investigate malfunctions.
QA Lead, 06/2016 to 02/2018
US Bank - Denver, CO
Responsible to develop and execute Test cases. Creation of test plans, use cases and validation criteria. Analyzed quality management system metrics to identify trends, lead improvement projects
Maintain writing Test Cases, going through requirements.
Writing defects using Jira and validating
Use Jira to create Jira dashboard/filters and update as needed.
Run daily defect management calls.
Create and maintain test cases and test case traceability mappings to verify functionalities have met
Directed day-to-day quality assurance department activities, establishing rapport with team members to facilitate effective communication and coordination.
Established metrics, applied industry best practices and developed new tools and processes.
Strong verbal and written communication skills with the ability to interact with technical and non-technical personnel
Involved in sprint planning for QA test cycle, estimation and creation of Test Strategy, Test Plan, Test Cases and Test Suites
Updated training database to help resolve common issues.
Communicated directly with QA team to resolve user-reported problems and questions.
Managed testing initiatives, establishing metrics, standards, methodology and necessary testing precautions and scheduling execution.

Thomson Reuters June 9/2007 to June 10/2016
Senior Quality Assurance Lead

Successfully working on high profile projects for both web and desktop applications in the Legal/Litigation discovery industry.
HP Quality Center, Test Manager, API platform.
Successfully lead web application project with limited documentation in a Waterfall and Agile environment
Assisted with test case creation and testing for desktop and Web applications utilized by Legal industry. Coordinated and structured web testing strategies.
Worked in association with developer teams, finding, discussing, documenting, recreating, troubleshooting, debugging, verifying and reporting problems or bugs.
Video and Live Streaming Testing was done for transcripts, as a tester it was kept in mind that load time and buffer time was accurate. Test cases were written to verify the total duration of the video is displaying or not. All buttons on the video function properly. I was the main host to have a video streaming call with our live team members to understand and verify if the Video streaming is working appropriately. I was elected by my project Manager to set a Stream session for the whole QA group.
Testing of LiveNote that was internal website for Customer Support team that integrate with Microsoft dynamics Navision for order processing legal software

EDUCATION
Master -2 Years
Bachelor of Science 4-year degree
Bachelor of Arts- 1 year
Associate Degree-Computers-2 Years

CERTIFICATIONS
• Diploma in Programming in C/C++, UNIX, Aptech
• Certification in Arbor/BP and Accounting
• Performance Award US Bank -Silver Shield Award 2017
• Executive Development Program in Developer 2000,
• Java/Selenium- Certified
Power BI -Certified
• Scrum Master PSM

CONTACT
Address: AURORA, CO 80016
Phone: 303-***-****
Email: adx07v@r.postjobfree.com
US Citizen

SKILLS
Agile
SDLC
Status Report
Requirements Reviews
IOS and Android
JIRA
SQL
Test Complete
API
Winner Runner
Quick Test Pro
Postman
Video Testing
Confluence
Test Case Development
Process Implementation
Quality Control Tests
Web based/GUI Testing
Scrum Methodology
Quality Assurance
QA Planning
Cross Browser Testing
Manual Testing
Contact this candidate