AH
AARON HILT
adx2t2@r.postjobfree.com 850-***-**** Navarre, FL 32566
** **** * ****** ***** record in driving sales, and proﬁts. Eager to contribute to team success through hard work, attention to detail, and organizational skills. Motivated to learn, grow and excel in anything i do. Experience in Dealership Sales, Finance, Accounting, Construction, Hospitality, and many other industry's not listed. For more work experience history, please contact me by the number listed here. Relationship Building.
Indirect lending.
Underwriting.
Accounting.
Sales.
Risk Assessment.
Customer Service.
Prioritizing and Planning.
Logistics.
Analytics.
Infrastructure planning.
Team Building.
Leadership.
Time Management.
Quality Assurance.
Sound Judgment.
Business Relationship Management.
Creative and Innovative.
Software.
Fluent in CUDL, Dealer Track, IDS, App One, and many other Dealer software's.
Fluent In All Microsoft Oﬃce Programs, As well as
IOS/Apple.
Lazy Days Condo Service. Navarre, FL
Attendant.
03/2022 - 11/2022
Assisted members by setting up chairs and umbrellas daily. Patrolled beach to monitor guest activities, enforce rules and regulations. Collected, stored umbrellas, and beach equipment at end of day. Supported lifeguards in emergency situations by calling for backup staﬀ, law enforcement and paramedics.
Delegated work to staﬀ, setting priorities and goals. Completed thorough opening, closing and shift change functions to maintain operational standards each day.
Provided training, insight and mentoring to newly hired employees to supply knowledge of various company programs.
Recruited and trained new employees to meet job requirements. Reviewed employee performance and provided ongoing feedback and coaching to drive performance improvement.
Met daily sale quotas, operated Point of Sales systems, and took multi day reservations to drive sales.
Cadillac, General Motors. Chandler, AZ
Sales Professional.
11/2021 - 02/2022
Demoed/Sold company vehicles, products, and services to close sales objectives.
Educated customers on product features and beneﬁts. Gave top-notch service in order to provide customer satisfaction. Gained reviews to display customer satisfaction.
Summary
Skills
Experience
Met with customers to discuss needs and oﬀered relevant options from company line.
Followed up with customer to identify and resolve service, account or technical issues and maintain satisfaction.
Negotiated prices and set up contracts to ﬁnalize sales agreements. Wrote, completed and ﬁled documentation to ﬁnalize sales. Inspected customers trade and negotiated appropriate trade values. Gander Rv Mesquite, TX
Finance Director.
03/2021 - 08/2021
Structured contracts based oﬀ of customers credit, units LTV %, and then placed with highest grossing lender for max proﬁtability. Sold warranty & insurance products.
Maintained timely funding of contracts.
Structured, wrote, had customer sign, and then ﬁled all appropriate contracts/supporting documents to complete transactions for ﬁnancial institutions and corporate oﬃces.
Veriﬁed compliance of ﬁnancial policies and accounting procedures against federal regulations.
Set clear departmental objectives and developed eﬀective strategies to achieve targeted goals.
Increased revenue by assisting with operations management, including sales and marketing eﬀorts.
Provided sales training for employees.
Logged/reported daily, weekly, and end of month sales numbers. Tracked all incoming, outgoing, and current inventory for corporate oﬃces and ﬁnancial institutions ( Floor Planning)
SEC Rooﬁng Navarre, FL
Project Manager
09/2020 - 03/2021
Led project monitoring and management by developing forecasts and tracking expenses.
Forecasted, scheduled and monitored project timelines, personnel performance and cost eﬃciency.
Created project plans with established timelines, assigned to appropriate teams and managed workﬂow throughout construction. Led meetings with team members, consultants and contractors. Created team objectives and roles with speciﬁc goals outlined for each individual.
Managed contracts with vendors, suppliers, and customers. Complied with all State and county building codes. Holiday World Las Cruces, NM
Finance Director
03/2020 - 09/2020
Structured contracts based oﬀ of customers credit, units LTV %, and then placed with highest grossing lender for max proﬁtability. Sold warranty & insurance products.
Maintained timely funding of contracts.
Structured, wrote, had customer sign, and then ﬁled all appropriate contracts/supporting documents to complete transactions for ﬁnancial institutions and corporate oﬃces.
Veriﬁed compliance of ﬁnancial policies and accounting procedures against federal regulations.
Set clear departmental objectives and developed eﬀective strategies to achieve targeted goals.
Increased revenue by assisting with operations management, including sales and marketing eﬀorts.
Provided sales training for employees.
Logged/reported daily, weekly, and end of month sales numbers. Tracked all incoming, outgoing, and current inventory for corporate oﬃces and ﬁnancial institutions ( Floor Planning)
Camping World SOUTH-WEST REGION,
USA
Regional Finance Manager
03/2018 - 05/2019
Traveled to various locations to ensure quality assurance. Assisted in opening of new locations.
Reported performance of various locations.
Structured deal based oﬀ of customers credit, units LTV %, and then placed with highest grossing lender for max proﬁtability. Sold warranty & insurance products.
Maintained timely funding of contracts.
Structured, wrote, had customer sign, and then ﬁled all appropriate contracts/supporting documents to complete transactions for ﬁnancial institutions and corporate oﬃces.
Veriﬁed compliance of ﬁnancial policies and accounting procedures against federal regulations.
Set clear departmental objectives and developed eﬀective strategies to achieve targeted goals.
Increased revenue by assisting with operations management, including sales and marketing eﬀorts.
Provided sales training for employees.
Logged/reported daily, weekly, and end of month sales numbers. Tracked all incoming, outgoing, and current inventory, Camping World Gulf Breeze, FL
Sales Associate
01/2016 - 03/2018
Demoed/Sold company RVs, products, and services to close sales objectives.
Educated customers on product features and beneﬁts. Gave top-notch service in order to provide customer satisfaction. Gained reviews to display customer satisfaction.
Met with customers to discuss needs and oﬀered relevant options from company line.
Followed up with customer to identify and resolve service, account or technical issues and maintain satisfaction.
Negotiated prices and set up contracts to ﬁnalize sales agreements. Wrote, completed and ﬁled documentation to ﬁnalize sales. Inspected customers trade and negotiated appropriate trade values. Dealer Finance Training Dallas Texas
Indirect Lending in Accounting And Finance
05/2018
COAST GUARD STCW-95 Bayou La Batre, AL
STCW-95
12/2015
Navarre High School Navarre, FL
High School Diploma
06/2015
Pensacola State College Pensacola, FL
Some College (No Degree) in Welding Technology
Education and Training
www.linkedin.com/in/aaron-hilt-3a37a420b
Websites, Portfolios, Proﬁles
Contact this candidate