Patti Chao
**** *. **** *** ● Broadview IL ● 708-***-****
adx7mi@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
Motivated quality assurance and regulatory professional, work experience in public housing, food safety and quality manufacturing. Passionate about compliance, regulatory frameworks, research and collaborations with governing agencies at local, state, federal including international levels. Currently enrolled towards a regulatory certification and project manager certification.
WORK SUMMARY
Scientific & Regulatory Affairs Specialist - Contractor 2022-2022 Mars Wrigley-Confectionery
Point of contact for global agile innovation business for new packaging materials. Assist with the compliance of packaging material for food products by evaluating risks of food contact materials against global regulatory compliance for U.S and E.U. Engaged with a global network of packaging suppliers to gather screeners and regulatory documentation and assess the chemical makeup of the packaging. Review analytical migration testing to ensure compliance with the OML- regional legislation. Communicated project highlights and key regulatory issues and learnings to stakeholders. Knowledgeable in cGMP requirements and relevant local legislation related to food packaging. Familiar with the components and manufacturing processes of flexible, rigid, and paperboard packaging.
Quality Systems Manager-PCQI 2017-2020
Bear Stewart Corp-Baked Goods Manufacturer and Ingredient Distributor Developed Quality and Food Safety Programs established policies and procedures in accordance with industry best practices and SQF guidance. Provide ongoing training, ensured compliance with GMPs and FDA framework, investigated quality issues, identified root causes, implemented corrective actions, and provided customer corrective action reports. Monitored activities from pest control, sanitation, validations, and non-conformances and create trending analysis. Responsible for all creation of product specifications, nutritional data, and supplier approval. Improved their HACCP audit score from 89% to 94% first year. Quality Assurance Manager-HACCP Manager 2013-2017
Stuart Hale Company - Food Grade Release Agents and Lubricants Functioned as the Quality Assurance Manager for a new QA department. Developed policies and procedures and worked collaboratively with the ownership and Food Safety Team to achieve GFSI certification, SQF Level II and compliance with FDA regulations. I provided daily, pre-operation self-audits, ensured compliance with cGMP, and reported any food safety deviations to the SQF Practitioner. Administered Certificates of Analysis, finished product labels and sample retains. Perform analysis of finished product for release per product or customer specification and record testing result data. Respond to customer comments or concerns regarding a quality issue and open customer complaint reports, investigate, and identify root causes and form corrective actions.
Quality Control Analyst 2009-2013
Chicago Housing Authority - Asset Management Department Primary responsibilities were to conduct external audits, unit inspections and assistant Asset Manager. Worked conducting extensive rental integrity audits for compliance with federal and local regulatory agencies. Conducted unit inspections per the UPCS/HUD standards to determine properties to be safe and viable assets. Analyzed KPIs for portfolio performance and worked with vendors to arrive at the most favorable level in rent collection, work orders, leasing activities, and ensuring customer satisfaction. Property Manager/Supervisor 1997 - 2009
Jane Addams Hull House Association -Housing Resource Center Lead a team of seven employees to provide property management services for 100 properties. My portfolio included single-family homes and multi-unit apartment buildings serving 434 families participating in the Chicago Housing Authority’s Northwest Scattered Site program. Oversaw occupancy cycle to ensure compliance with policies and procedures under the Chicago Housing Authority and Housing and Urban Development’s guidelines. Key functions include applicant screening, tenant annual recertification, tenant credit, and background checks, move-in and move-out process, leasing, rent collections, evictions, tenant relations, program marketing, resolving customer complaints, scheduling preventative maintenance work orders, assigning emergency work orders and conduct annual unit inspections.
SKILLS, CERTIFICATION
● SQF Practitioner (Certificates of Completion 2018)
● Preventative Controls Qualified Individual (PCQI-2021)
● Certified HACCP Manager (2021)
● Certified Public Housing Manager
● Bilingual – Spanish
AFFILIATIONS
● Board Trustee-Village of Broadview Elected Official
● Hispanic Local Elected Officials (HELO)
● IL Municipal League Member (IML)
● National League of Cities (NLC) - Human Development Federal Advocacy Committee Member
● National Society of Collegiate Scholars (NSCS)
EDUCATION
2013 Public Housing Professional Nan McKay Chicago, IL 2013 Public Administration Kaplan University Chicago, IL References are furnished upon request.
Contact this candidate