JOSEPH ANDERSON “ANDY” SIMMONS
adx8k5@r.postjobfree.com 706-***-****
OVERVIEW
Project manager who works in web and software development, whose main focus is to be customer-centric and communicate with stakeholders and team members effectively when overseeing and delivering projects in a timely manner and within budget throughout the process of the project life cycle. SKILLS
Soft Skills: Adaptability, Leadership, Writing and Editing, Collaboration, Communication, Decision Making, Problem Solving, Positivity, Time Management
Efficient in: Waterfall Methodology, Stakeholder Communications, Project Engineering and Scoping, Hubspot, WordPress, WP Engine, Email Marketing platforms, Laravel, Cpanel, Custom Task Tracking Platforms, Sandbox Environments, Basecamp, SEO, Google Analytics, Trello, Dropbox, Skype, YouTube, FinalCut Pro, iMovie, Google Drive, Microsoft Office programs (including Teams and Office 365), Docusign, Slickplan, Zoom, iOS, Android Familiar with: Agile Methodology, Salesforce, API Integrations, Drupal, Flutter, Jira, Moodle, Photoshop, InDesign, Garageband, Hootsuite
NOTABLE HIGHLIGHTS
● Achieved 12 different HubSpot certifications, which include email marketing, growth-driven design, sales enablement, data integrations, CMS Hub implementation, HubSpot CMS for marketers, HubSpot marketing software, HubSpot Sales Software, platform consulting, revenue operations, sales hub implementation, and service hub software.
● Types of projects that have previously been managed and successfully launched include: o Website redesign and redevelopment
o Mobile Applications
o SaaS Platforms
o eCommerce Websites
o Custom Software User Portals
● Have client-facing experience previously working with companies that include, but are not limited to: o The Home Depot (Provided a custom software platform that creates advertising flyers for products.)
o ReCOVer Health (Mobile medical provider service. Website was built with Calendly integration for scheduling capabilities.)
o Belanger Recycling (mobile application that served as an aid for selling catalytic converters with a pricing database for those converters.)
o Steve Smith entertainment venues (including complete redesign and development of Tootsie’s Orchid Lounge website with eCommerce.)
o Athlete Licensing Company (SaaS platform for agents and athletes that allows them to track their NIL deals.)
o Claim Your Campus (Oversaw the development of their mobile app that allows students across the United States to congregate at their school for moments of prayer.)
● Have client-facing experience with negotiating scopes, and making sales to clients who needed website revamps or other types of software needs, generating $30k in revenue in 2022 and $33k in 2021 for billable software development for previous firms. Also worked with stakeholders who tried to scope creep, tabling new work for phase 2, which kept projects on timeline and within budget.
● Generated over $100k in yearly company revenue in billable hours for maintenance and support development for previous firms.
● Created a WP Engine hosting package that includes data and visitor caps, where users paid extra per month for exceeding entailed visitor and data cap, in addition to monthly payments for hosting. WORK EXPERIENCE
Kuno Creative (Remote) Nashville, TN
Website Project Manager September 2022-April 2023
● Digital Marketing Agency that focused on web optimization and brand strategy to help generate and capture quality leads for clients.
● Oversaw the design, development, quality assurance, content strategy and launch phases of website rebranding to optimize their brand strategy and generate quality leads. Projects consisted mostly of business presence websites built on HubSpot with some customization based on the scope of work. Projects would follow the waterfall methodology.
● Communicated with clients weekly, providing them with updates on the project timeline and progress, as well as provided them with CMS training and demos upon completion of the project. Kept client projects in-scope and negotiated out-of-scope requests that could be tabled for phase 2 work.
● Put together project workbooks that would track timeline of project, links to the various sandbox environments for the newly built website, list of redirect links, content templates for copywriters with proper content and SEO essentials, and quality assurance and go-live checklist, which was updated daily throughout the project.
● Collaborated with team members in varying aspects of the project, providing insight and suggestions during all phases to help optimize the client’s brand strategy and user personas.
● Performed backlinking and content updates through the HubSpot CMS once development of the sandbox environment was approved.
● Coordinated with developers and stakeholders on the launch of projects, creating a “go-live” checklist to listed proper domain registrar information and forwarding links, as well as a formal knowledge transfer session.
● Worked closely with members of the SEO team to ensure that projects were properly optimized and indexing correctly on search engines.
● Assisted account managers during the sales cycle with insights of the Hubspot CRM and suggestions based on the potential client’s brand, creating digital blueprints and sitemaps through slickplan, and then calculating cost of the project based on scope of work. DevDigital Nashville, TN
Project Manager October 2018-September 2022
● Custom software development firm that worked in a variety of verticals and offered a number of software services, including website development, mobile app development, and Google Cloud Services.
● Oversaw the design, development, quality assurance, and launch phases of projects under my jurisdiction, which included business presence websites, mobile apps, and custom software development. Worked on projects varying in complexity, from basic business presence websites built on WordPress, to mobile applications with complex API implementations.
● Coordinated with developers and stakeholders on the launch of projects, creating a “go-live” checklist to listed proper domain registrar information and forwarding links, as well as a formal knowledge transfer session.
● Communicated with clients on a weekly basis regarding the status of their projects and timeline. Kept projects in-scope and would negotiate out-of-scope requests from clients that could be considered phase 2 work.
● In charge of the maintenance department, passing along various website and app issues from clients to our development team needing to be resolved.
● Worked as a project engineer for the company, working closely with relationship managers during their pre-sales process with potential clients to put together scopes of work and digital blueprints for them to present to potential clients based on their budget, as well as creating user stories and storyboards.
● In charge of gathering billable hours for fixed price or hourly projects and billing clients under my umbrella using our custom made “billing tracker” platform, which were reviewed by our accounting department and sent out to the respective clients.
● Point of contact for WP Engine, our partner for hosting WordPress websites, which hosted over 80 client websites.
● Perform basic SEO tasks for projects, tracking data from Google Analytics to see what improvements projects could use for optimized viewing on search engines.
● Oversee our Cpanel email hosting platform, creating email domains for both internal use and for clients who host email domains on our platform. Also troubleshoot and resolve any delivery issues. Main Street Media of Tennessee Nashville, TN
Sports Editor April 2018-October 2018
● Wrote and published content both in print and online publications of athletic events occurring in and around Cheatham County and the Middle Tennessee area. Stories would be published online through a content management system, where proper SEO attributes were needed to be added in order to optimize searchability.
● Shot and edited sports photographs for both online and print publications.
● Assisted with editing and pagination of print publication using InDesign, which is published every Tuesday.
● Maintained professional contact with school administrators, athletic directors, coaches, and student athletes.
The Tennessean Nashville, TN
Sports Reporter May 2016-September 2017
● Covered various sporting events happening in and around the Dickson County area, with an emphasis on prep sports. Was occasionally asked to cover other area schools outside of Dickson County, notably Robertson, Sumner, and Williamson County.
● Uploaded content to the website through Presto and Presto Next, as well as through the website’s various social media platforms. Recorded stats and uploaded them to USA Today High School Sports database.
● Shot and edited video on personal Twitter page (@AndySimmons615) to help engage audience interaction during sporting events. Would edit video clips with iMovie and upload them through Brightcove, Wochit, and Presto.
● Maintained professional relationships with various school officials and student athletes. EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Multimedia Journalism with a contract in Sports Information Troy University, Troy, AL, August 2007-May 2013
Contact this candidate