AMAL NABIHAN BINTI MOHD RADZI
Q A MANUAL TESTER
EDUCATION
Detail-focused and results-oriented IT professional with experienced leading cross-functional teams in the development, documentation and delivery process innovations to attain business goals. Fast learner. Core competencies include:
Test Planning Test Plans and Test Cases Development System Testing Integration Testing
Regression Testing Defect & Bug Discovery Tracking, Logging & Reporting Mobile Testing
SIT UAT
SKILLS
Phone: +60-193**-**** Email: adx9hw@r.postjobfree.com Home: Dengkil, Malaysia.
2007 – 2011
Course Studied
Universiti Islam Antarabangsa Malaysia (UIA)
Bachelor of Information Technology
2005 – 2007
Course Studied
Foundation of Information and Communication Technology, Matriculation Centre of Universiti Islam Antarabangsa Malaysia,
Selangor, Malaysia
JIRA
Test Cases
Reporting
Manual Test
MySQL
Postman
Android Studio
Ubuntu
English
Malay
English
Malay
2021 - 2023
ACE Digital
QA Manual Tester
2019 - 2021
CEO Softcenters Inc, San Diego, CA
QA Tester
2018 - 2019
ISCISTECH Business Solution Sdn Bhd
Test Analyst
2011 - 2018
MIMOS Berhad
Functional Tester
WORK EXPERIENCE LANGUAGE KNOWN
Name: Moeen Ahmed
Mobile phone: +60-13-322-****
Name: Vigneswaren Krishnamoorthy
Mobile phone: +60-19-601-****
Name: Saravanan S.P.Balasubramaniam
Mobile phone: +60-12-685-****
REFERENCES
2
2
1
7
WRITTEN SPOKEN
Company: ACE Digital (Client side) (Payroll under SCIKEY), Bangsar South Position: QA Manual Tester (September 2021 – April 2023) 1. Project: Progeny Management System Phase 1
Assigned as quality assurance tester role to perform test on Progeny Management System web portal and mobile application. This mobile application will enable to record the status of palm and will transfer the input to web system. My task is to develop test cases and perform testing in the possible scenarios by using manual approach.
2. Project: CMMC (Connected Mills Management Console) 2.4 Assign as quality assurance tester role to perform test on CMMC (Connected Mills Management Console) 2.0 web portal. This system will display the staff Asian Agri KPI’s. My task in below: 3. Project: UAV Image Processing for Bracell
Assign as quality assurance tester role to perform test on UAV Image Processing for Bracell on validate the image capture by drone. The image capture by drone will transfer to computer to image processing and do prediction by algorithm. My task in below:
4. Project: OneProcurement for Portuguese
Assign as quality assurance tester role to perform test on OneProcurement for Portuguese to test on landing page. My task in below:
5. Project: FFB Automated Grading (PoC)
Assign as quality assurance tester role to perform test on FFB Automated Grading. This application is used to verify the fresh palm fruit during seller sell their fruits to buyer. 6. Project: Multitenancy SIMS V1.0
Assign as quality assurance tester role to perform test on Multitenancy SIMS. This application is used to work ask platform for tenancy to park in same platform so user can login based on their roles. My task as below:
• Planning, creating, and executing manual activities.
• Finding, documenting and reporting defects, bugs, errors and other issues
• Provide report to lead the testing progress
WORK EXPERIENCE [DETAILS]
Company: CEO Softcenters Inc, San Diego, CA
Position: QA Tester (March 2019 – August 2021)
1. Project: Human Resources System
Human Resources System as quality assurance engineer role to test on AI Bot which involves many platforms
(email, SMS, slack, MS teams, widget) and mobile application. This enhancement enabled bot given the correct answer.
My task as below:
• To develop test cases, perform sanity testing and system testing to the application using manual testing approach.
• Planning, creating, and executing manual test activities for web-based and mobile applications.
• Finding, documenting, and reporting defects, bugs, errors and other issues within web-based and mobile applications in JIRA
Company: ISCISTECH Business Solution Sdn Bhd
Position: Test Analyst (May 2018 – Feb 2019)
1. Project: SharePoint and .net application
Have a good understanding of SharePoint and .NET applications to understand authentication and authorization mechanisms.
• Delivering high quality engagements in complex environments independently.
• Responsible for adhering to all relevant PET-ICT processes and standards.
• Highlight possible issues or any risks to Solution Architect/Technical Lead/Project Manager.
• Provide status update to Technical Lead/Project Manager as per job & task guidelines.
• Submits the Timesheets twice a month by the dates stipulated by the company. Company: MIMOS Berhad, TPM Bukit Jalil KL
Position: Functional Tester (April 2012 – May 2018) Company: MIMOS Berhad, TPM Bukit Jalil KL
Position: SL1M CODE8 Apprentice (April 2011 – April 2012)
(Sort by Latest – Oldest)
1. Project: MECA Phase 1
2. Project: Mi-VPN (Virtual Private Network)
3. Project: Mi-PDPA 1.0 (Personal Data Protection Act) 4. Project: Mi-HELIO Helivex 2.0
5. Project: Mi-Cloud 1.0
6. Project: Unified Authentication Platform (UAP) 2.1 7. Project: Unified Authentication Platform (UAP) 1.7.3 8. Project: PADIpedia
9. Project: KRSTE.my R4
10. Project: Mi-BIS 1.5
11. Project: Mi-HELIO EKMS Web 1.0
12. Project: Mi-MPAS
13. Project: TERAJU Exchange
14. Project: DappleWorks Biz
15. Project: Mi-PDM (Project Data Management)
16. Project: MARA IVLS
My task as below:
• Develop test plans, test strategies, and test cases based on project requirements and specifications.
• Execute test cases and record test results.
• Set up and configure test environments, including hardware, software, and network configurations, to mirror production environments.
• Develop SIT/UAT test plans, strategies, and test cases based on project requirements and specifications.
• Collaborate with stakeholders to define SIT/UAT testing scope, objectives, and deliverables.
• Identify SIT/UAT test data requirements and prepare test data sets.
• Execute SIT/UAT test cases and record test results.
• Identify, document, and track SIT/UAT defects using a defect tracking tool.
• Collaborate with development and business teams to ensure timely resolution of SIT/UAT defects.
• Perform SIT/UAT regression testing to ensure system stability and integrity.
Contact this candidate