Robert Price
*** **** ***.
Fairborn, Ohio *****
937-***-****
adx9kd@r.postjobfree.com
Summary of Experience
Talented, results-producing professioal with a proven record of accomplishment in leading and managing comprehensive industial production environments. Expertise in directing the implementation, operations and maintenance of manufacturing principles and methods that increase production, decrease inventory and reduce operating costs without compromisiong safety and quality. Solid leadership skills, able to build teams and guide employees toward top-performing strategic success. Adept at communicating with senior management, venders, customers and internal departments to coordinate long and short term objectives. Areas of Expertise
h QS9000/ISO9000/9002 Total Quality Managment (TQM) h Labor & Manpower Development OSHA
h Team Concept Building TS16949
h Kanban Inventory 5'S Principles
h Lean Manufacturing JIT Production
Career Experience
Navistar, Inc., Springfield, Ohio 2018 to 2022
Operations Supervisor
Ensure all employees are provided with a safe work environment and all employees are working safely. Interfacing with both internal and external customers to ensure we achieve the company goal of safety, delivery and cost objectives within the department. h Responsible for the daily supervision of 84 union employees including effective management of attendance, discipline, training and work performance. h Enforcement of contractual language and obligations working with the union representatives toward effective resolution and prevention of grievance issues. h Experience with paint, repair and truck assembly gave me the ability to use logic and methods to analyze problems in order to make effective decisions. Truck Speciality Center, Navistar, Inc.,, Springfield, Ohio 2015 to 2018 QC Inspections Supervisor
Responsible for the safely repair/inspection process after manufacturing but prior to delivery of the trucks produced at the Sprinfield assembly plant.
h Support and direct the PDI inspectors/mechanics to ensure all inpectors adhere to the work instructions, standards and guidelines created by Navistar and PDI. h Maintain all inspections and repairs are consistently recorded and accurately documented. h Inform/communicate to plant quality, PDI management and manufacturing managers regarding any quality issues or unusual repairs on the trucks.
h Accountable for the shop floor activities that contributes to the completion of the planned workload within the projected time and cost allowed.
A.K. Steel, Middletown, Ohio 2010 to 2014
Operations Manager
Responsible for the iron manufacturing blast furnace operations. Directed staff towards meeting or exceeding safety, quality, cost, TPH (tons per hour) and maintenance while managing both direct and indirect labor.
h Maintaining A.K. Steel's safety program-steel industries most comprehensive. h Responsible for all of the "burdening" or fueling of the blast furnace. h Direct the proactive maintenance and repair activities of the troughs including managing unplanned shut downs/outages.
h Management of the stock house/material control of all raw materials, metallic and non-metallic that are introduced to the blast furnace.
DMAX-LTD., Moraine, Ohio 2001 to 2009
Supervisor/Group Leader
Directly responsible for the safety, quality, retooling and overall production goals throughout the years in the block, crank, and rod machining departments.
h Managed a staff of 30+ hourly union employees in a mid to high-volume, close tolerance machining environment.
h Helped contribute to successful transformation to the new product designs working close with engineering and third-party venders.
h Coached my team into establishing a new prodution records every year. h Worked close with engeering and machine manufacturers expanding capabilities in the machining departments.
Professional Development
Sinclair Community College, Dayton, Ohio
Dimensional Metrology and Statistical Quality Assurance Wright State University, Fairborn, Ohio
(TQM) Total Quality Management, Certification
Xavier University, Cincinnati, Ohio
Professional Management Development, Certification Robinson Foundry College, Alexander City, Alabama
Foundry Certification
Contact this candidate