CURRICULAM VITAE
Arunabh Ray Chaudhuri
Contact: +91-986*******
E-Mail: adxzs8@r.postjobfree.com
Address : RH No. 2, Aakar Residency, Vishal Nagar, Pimple Nilakh, Pune - 411027, Maharashtra, India-

Job Objective
Seeking managerial assignments in the areas of PROCUREMENTS in any growth oriented organization

Professional Objective
Ensure on time deliveries of the best quality goods at the optimal price so as to earn greater profits, focusing at the most reasonable lead times required.

Professional Synopsis

29 years of rich experience in procurement and in depth knowledge of the various Purchase, Imports & Materials Management activities w.r.t. project as well as factory procurement.

Effective communicator with excellent relationship management & negotiation skills, possess a flexible & result oriented attitude with analytical skill.

Having experience in working as a Materials Head for 5.5 + 3 years.

Also have the experience of working as a Project Manager.

Carrying a rich database of Vendor information with a detailed exposure to the following key areas:
1.Core Competencies:
oHands on knowledge and experience of Purchase & Imports for 29 years, of which 15 years is in Project purchases.
oExcellent convincing and techno-commercial negotiation skills.
oKnowledge of E- procurement, vendors data management, item data management, procurement planning, Value engineering, JIT, inventory control, stores management and Management Information System.
oDisposal of scrap, surplus & non-moving inventory.
oExpertise in risk analysis and mitigation.
oComplete knowledge of Business processes in “Requirement generation - Procurement - Payment” lifecycle. Having hands-on experience of designing the Material Requirement Planning processes from scratch, also reengineering the existing processes to improve the productivity and efficiency of the department for not only factory but also project procurements.
oQuality frameworks: ISO9000, EMS14000, OHSMS 18000, WCM.
2.Having an insight & better understanding of Water, Ash Handling Industries, Health Care & Chemical Process Industries.

3.Local and Global Experience:
oHandled Supply Chain in domestic and Global market. Well versed with all the statutory concepts of Imports, High Sea Sales, LC/CAD payments, EXIM policies, Duty structures and exemptions and other custom clearance formalities.

4.Industry Types:
oHaving wide exposure to the Manufacturing Companies, Health as well as the EPC Contractors.
oGood experience of project procurement for Water & Ash Handling Industries.
oGood knowledge of procurement & operational activities involved in constructing a 250 bed hospital.
oGood experience in factory procurement of a Chemical process Plant / Viscose Staple fibre plant.

5.Organizational Leadership:
oInteracting and strategizing with other leadership teams for creating synergy between different departments within the unit viz. Project team, Engineering team, Proposal team, QC team, Accounts team, Logistics & Commercial teams and also to create synergy with the Purchase Departments of other units / Divisions while working within the Aditya Birla Group & Thermax.
oRecruitment : Short listing and selecting my team members after conducting appropriate interviews.
oBudgeting – to help in setting the budgetary limits and to ensure that our department operates within the budgetary limits.
5. People Management:
oExperience of handling large teams of Purchase and Stores and managing large volume of vendors.
Qualifications
MBA. (1993) from SIBM, Pune University, Specialization-Materials
B.E. (1989), D.Y.Patil College of Engg., Pune University.
Growth Path

Organization
Designation
Tenure
Regreen Excel EPC India Pvt. Ltd, Balewadi, Pune
Senior Manager ( Purchase)
July 2021 till date
Thermax Limited, WWS –SPG, Bhosari, Pune
Head(Materials)
Aug, 2015 till Mar 2021
Deccan Mechanical & Chemical Industries Pvt. Ltd., Pune
Manager( Purchase)
May 2013 to Aug, 2015
Tecpro Systems Ltd. (Ash Tech Div.), Pune

GM (Purchase) DGM(Purchase)
AGM( Purchase)
Sr.Manager(SCM)

Oct, 2012 to May 2013
Apr,2010 to Sept 2012
Apr, 2008 to Mar, 2010
Dec, 2007 to Mar, 2008
Enviro Abrasion Resistant Engineers P.Ltd., Pune
Sr. Manager Projects
Jan 2007 to Dec 2007
Aditya Birla Memorial Hospital, Pune
Manager Materials (HOD)
Oct 2003 to Dec 2006
Grasim Industries Ltd., Grasilene Division, Kumarpatnam, Haveri Distt., Karnataka
Manager (Materials)
Joint Manager(Materials)
Deputy Manager( Materials)
Asst. Manager(Materials)
Management Trainee
June 2003 to Oct 2003
Apr, 2002 to May 2003
July 1996 to Mar, 2002
Jan, 1994 to June 1996
July, 1993 to Dec, 1993
Working with M/s. Regreen Excel EPC India Pvt. Ltd,Balewadi, Pune(1 year, 3 months) as Senior Manager (Purchase):-
With more than 120 installations in a very short span of time of 9 years, this Company has become the pioneer in Distillery and Ethanol Industry. Regreen Excel is playing a key role by spearheading green energy technology. This Company help in installation of renewable energy plants, like ethanol & biofuels which in turn helps India to bring down the import of crude oil, benefit the farmers and helps in building a greener & cleaner India for future generations. This helps in reduction of Carbon emission drastically. Ethanol & biofuels can be produced from agricultural produce like maize, sugarcane and cellulosic wastes which in turn helps in increasing the income of the farmers as well as generate employment opportunities in the country. This Company has helped India to manufacture successfully 50% of the total ethanol produced in India. By building various ethanol plants across the country, Regreen Excel is helping the Indian Government to achieve the target of 20% ethnol blending in Petrol / Diesel by the year 2025.

Presently, there are about 22-23 running sites of the Company.

The Turnover of the Company in 2021-22 was 721 Crs and so far, in the current financial year the Company has already done a Turnover of 1100 Crs, till date.

My Role :-
To ensure procurement of Bought Out Goods & Services from the various vendors on time, of the right quality at the optimum cost.
To locate appropriate vendors for the various bought out items required for our various Projects.
To ensure that the goods & services of the right quality gets delivered at the various sites at the right time.
To ensure that, the vendors are paid on time.
To ensure timely placement of the trucks / trailers of the right kind and type for the shipment of the various consignments from vendor’s / their sub-vendor’s works.
To keep track of all the supplies in the various packages, vis-à-vis the Payments released, viz. Boiler, Turbine, Fuel Handling System, Ash Handling System, WTP Systems, Milling Systems, Silo loading & unloading Systems and Fire Fighting Systems.
Also, to ensure proper & timely supplies of Compressors, Decanters, DG Sets, Cooling Towers, PHEs, EOT cranes, Expansion Bellows, Centrifugal Fans, Pumps, Weighbridges, Agitators, Bag filters, Bagging Machines, Molasses weighing systems, Blowers, Valves, Cables, cable trays, DCS / PLC Systems, MCC, PCC, transformers, Instruments – Rotameters, Flowmeters, Transmitters, Level gauges, Pressure & Vacuum Gauges, PH Meters, Control valves, Luminaries, Motors, Laboratory Instruments, PRDS, UPS.
To resolve all after sales issues of Bought Out items in the shortest possible time.

Working with M/s. Thermax Limited, WWS – SPG Division, Bhosari, Pune(5 years, 7 months) as Head(Materials):-
This Division of Thermax designs, manufactures & supplies various water treatment plants viz. RO, ETP, STP, ZLD, DM and Desalination for the past 2 decades to global customers, consultant and OEMs This division of Thermax provides innovative solutions which helps in conserving water resources and preserving environment. These systems are provided on both turnkey and EPC basis to the Medium and Light industries, rural, defense, hospitality and urban sectors.

The Company outsources all the items required for these plants, and, gets them all into its works for their assembly and testing.

The business is split into 2 major types : Product & Projects. Product jobs are small projects of value less than 25 lacs each, and need to be delivered within the time frame as mentioned in the delivery matrix. There are about 90-100 product jobs to be dispatched in a particular month and there are about 15-20 project jobs whose items needs to be dispatched every month. 80-90 POs need to be released in the market every day. This Division needs to purchase 12-15 Cr of material every month.

Some of the major items required for the business are membrane, pumps, valve, HRSCC, MEE, blowers, gear box, filters, mixers, clarifiers, vessels, tanks, piping, MCC, PLC, instruments, strainers, screens, activated carbon, anthracite, belt press, filter press, burners, cables, cable trays, decanters, centrifuge, compressors, filter media, fab media, containers, cooling towers, DAF, CPI, EDI, Heat exchangers, biocask, fab-X, Incinerator, flocculators, mesh box, tube settlers, gas flaring system, heaters, ID and FD fan, Lab equipments, oil skimmers, ozonators, motors, paints, pressure tubes, resins, steel, UASB media, tube settler media, UPS, UV system, VFDs and MPVs.

The material of construction varies from CI, MS, SS, seamless, duplex, super duplex, PVC, U-PVC, C-PVC, HDPE, LLDPE, FRP, PTFE, etc.

My role :-

STRATEGY AND PROCUREMENT MANAGEMENT :-
To lead and manage a team of Buyers to deliver the appropriate support to the business so as to ensure that the corporate and business development objectives are met. To work alongside the senior management team in contributing to overall business objectives.
To maintain relationships and negotiate with key suppliers at a senior and strategic level. To seek and partner with reliable vendors and suppliers.
To have an eye on the spend analysis and build a culture for long term savings on procurement costs.
To head the procurement team comprising of 3 group heads + 9 buyers + 2 chasers along with the Logistics team(3 members – 1 group head + 2 assistants) for both the Project and Product business of this Division. The present Organization Structure is as follows :-

To meet the cost & revenue booking and invoicing targets along with the delivery commitments of our front end. To procure 8-10 Crs of material for Project and 4-5 Crs of material for Product every month.
To maintain OTP for projects above 90% and Product above 95%.
To control Material cost at 72% by freezing Rate Contracts, developing competition, bulk buying, global sourcing, reverse auction and by applying other cost reduction techniques.
To ensure that all procurements are done within the budget allocated.
To approve the ordering of necessary goods and services after finalizing the necessary details, specifications and terms & conditions.
To monitor and reduce the time taken for PR to PO conversion.
To evaluate the challenges faced by the business and take action to mitigate risks and develop opportunities.
VENDOR MANAGEMENT :-
Since taxes got standardized due to GST, developed a number of vendors across the various regions of India to take advantage of the transportation cost.
To take initiatives to develop alternate vendors for all monopolistic items.
To discover profitable suppliers and initiate business and organization partnerships with them.
To ensure prompt processing of Vendor’s invoices and timely release of their dues.
To monitor Vendor Performance by conducting Vendor Rating exercise and intimating the same to the vendors annually.

STORES & INVENTORY MANAGEMENT :-
To take measures to reduce inventories and review min. stock inventories on regular basis.
To negotiate and look for other storing facilities in cases of need.

RISK MANAGEMENT :-
I ensure that the risks of procurement & logistics are at the bare minimum by taking the following
measures :-
Taking initiatives to develop alternate vendors for all monopolistic items.
Ensure that sufficient stocks are maintained in our stores for certain A Class and critical items. At the same time I ensure that we do not carry a very high inventory which may not be profitable.
Entering into Annual Rate Contracts with vendors in order to takes care of the risk of intermittent rate hikes during the completion of the financial year.
I also promote job rotation so as to ensure that risk of job dependency gets eradicated.
Even the chasers I have initiated giving training for them to be potential buyers who become very handy at times of need.

AFTER SALES SERVICE MANAGEMENT :-
To attend Development Application Review Team (DART) meetings so as to render on-time support to our service, erection and commission team and maintain Customer Complaint Handling Index (CCHI) above 90%.

RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT :
To provide support to our Proposal team by providing them with pre-bid cost figures of various items.
To provide procurement and services (AMC’s) support to our Administration & Safety Department as well.
To interact and create synergy with other teams of Stores, Projects, Engineering, Proposal, QC, Accounts, Logistics & Commercial

LOGISTICS MANAGEMENT :-
To control the inbound and outbound logistics required for Project and Product business with the help of the independent Logistics team comprising of a team of 3 members.

PEOPLE MANAGEMENT & RECRUITMENT :-
To coach, mentor and develop direct reports and manage a high performing team that will deliver continuous improvement, added value and cost reductions
To set individual KRA and monitor ongoing progress and performance of each team member.
To provide the training to the chasers for them to be potential buyers. To give cross functional training to some of the buyers to be of help at times of need.
To set up the training plan and career path of my team members.
To induct and conduct interviews for the new team members so as to recruit them into the Department.
To ensure that we operate in accordance with all health, safety and environmental policies and procedures so as to ensure the safety and wellbeing of all our team members and visitors.
COMPUTER KNOWLEDGE :
Well versed with MS Office 2019 and Windows 10.
Inculcated expertise in operating in EXCEL – Pivot tables & V-LOOKUP features.
Improved my knowledge of Power Point.
Having experience of working in Oracle based ERP system.

Significant Achievements
Successfully brought down the Material cost from 72% to 67% of it’s sales value in the first year of my joining. This helped our Division to come out of it’s loss making syndrome to a profit making Cost center. This subsequently grew up to 72% and was successful in sustaining the same till date inspite of severe escalation in steel, PVC and other items.
Changed the trend of negotiation in this Division of Thermax successfully and trained my entire team for the same.
Introduced multiple vendors for most items. Since Tax structure had become uniform, developed vendors in the other regions of India so as to take advantage of the cost of transportation.
Took charge of the Logistics department as well so as to control the expenses incurred by them.
Maintained On Time Procurement (OTP) factor at 85% for our end customers.
We did a turnover of 127 cr. in 2016-17 and achieved a turnover of 150 cr. in 2017-18. We did a record achievement of reaching 203 Crs in 2018-19 of a given target of 215 Crs. Our turnover dropped to a paltry 143 Crs in 2019-20 and 152 Crs in 2020-21 due to COVID 19.
Improved our Customer Complaint Handling Index( CCHI) from 60% to 85%.
Got promoted from M5 to M4 within 1 yrs. of joining.

Working with M/s. Deccan Mechanical and Chemical Industries Pvt. Ltd., Bhosari, Pune(2 years, 3 months) as Manager(Purchase):-
The Company is into design, manufacturing and supply of Wear resistant products, Bulk material handling equipments and Ash handling equipments for the past 4 decades. Wear resistant products are Cast basalt liners, ceramic liners, wear resistant plates. Bulk material handling equipments are material handling valves, dampers, and coal/ lignite feeders. The Company has 1 cast basalt liner plant and a workshop at Pune and 1 more cast basalt liner plant and workshop at Baramati, which is undergoing expansion. The Company plans to set up one more cast basalt liner plant at Baramati. The Company has got the ISO 9000 Certification.

My role :-

To procure all capital items required for the expansion and the new plant being set up at Baramati, including mechanical, electrical, instrument, IT or civil items.
To procure other structural items, steel plates, ERW and seamless pipes, steel bars & shafts, flanges, hardware, etc. required by the Cast Basalt Division of the Company.
To meet all the requirements of the Project Execution Department, viz. metallic & fabric expansion bellows, castings, ceramic items, gratings, ash intake valves, Knife gate valves, dome valves, branch isolation valves, control valves, hardware, gaskets, spring & spring washers, etc.
To procure a number of spares specific to our ceramic plant, viz. mullite blocks, Nitride bonded Silicon Carbide kiln shelves, spray drier spares, viz. orifice, swirl chamber, end plate, electromagnetic hammer, etc.
To look for other alternatives of furnace oil, viz. pyrolysis oil.
To take care of the procurement of all kitchen and office equipments, viz. Compactors, CCTV systems, softwares, etc.
To procure various tooling machines viz. slotting machine, milling machine, basalt cutting machine, Arc Zinc-Alum spray unit, etc.
To place all relevant, erection work orders as well.
Assist Marketing department in getting the competitive budgetary offers required for filling up various tenders.
Computer Knowledge : Well versed with MS Office2015 & Windows 8. Worked on SYBASE based ERP System.

Significant Achievements

Completion of execution of fire fighting systems in record time of 3 months for each of the 2 plots of the Company @ Baramati.
Developed new supplier for other alternative to Furnace oil, viz. pyrolysis oil thereby saved Rs.6 per Kg with major reduction in the consumption of power. This led to a saving of Rs. 1 Crore per annum.
Developed new supplier for better quality and price of Ferro-chrome leading to a saving of Rs.12.90 per Kg. i.e. a saving of Rs. 2.0 lacs per annum.
Developed new supplier for the Talc powder of better quality and price, thereby saving Rs.3.0 per kg,, i.e. Rs.10.00 lacs per annum.

Working with M/sTecpro Systems Ltd. (Ash Tech Div.), formerly Mahindra Ash Tech Limited. Kasarwadi, Pune(5.5 years) as General Manager( Purchase):-

A well organized EPC company, in the field of Design, Supply and Execution of Ash Handling Systems for the Coal based Thermal Power Plants across India & abroad. The Indian thermal plants are managed & owned by several Public & Private sector companies, viz. NTPC, BHEL, NLC, Reliance, TPL, Lanco, MAHAGENCO, APGENCO, CSPGCL Korba, UPPDCL, WBPDCL, & BGR Energy, etc. The foreign projects executed by the Company are in countries viz. Vietnam, Indonesia and Panama. Assist Marketing department to get the budgetary offers required for filling up the various tenders.

My role :-

To lead a team of 5 buyers for Project Procurement of all domestic & imported Electromechanical Bought Out items and their respective mandatory spares, related to Pneumatic Ash Handling plants of value 100 crores(approx.) p.a., viz. PLC, PMCC, DBs, HT Switchgear, Transformers, Bus Ducts, battery chargers, Cables, Instruments, industrial UPS, Compressors, Pumps, Vacuum Pumps, Clariflocculators, Tube Settlers, Cranes & hoists, Valves, Gen-set, Spouts, Air Heaters, motors, agitators, tanks, air dryers, etc.
Prepare the dispatch plans.
Ensuring adherence to the monthly and annual sales plans.
To try our best to ensure that the procurements are done well within the budgeted figures considered while filling the tender. If found not feasible, ask the concerned Project Manager to ask for price escalations from the respective customer.
Assist Marketing department in getting the budgetary offers required for filling up the various tenders.
Providing support to projects for after sales service viz. short supply, broken down, damaged and maintenance spares and service till the guarantee period after the commissioning of the system.
Short-listing and selecting the man power suitable for my Department.
Computer Knowledge : Well versed with MS Office2013 & Windows 8.

Significant Achievements
Did a purchase of 100 Cr. in 2012-13 & 2011-12 from a purchase of 80 Cr. in 2010 – 11, 70 Cr. in 2009 -10, 45 Cr. in 2008-09, and a purchase of 20 Cr. in 2007-08.
Got the experience of working with major consultants, viz. NTPC, NLC, Fitchner, Desien, LANCO, DCIPS, MAHAGENCO, TPL, etc.
Introduced many new vendors to serve our requirements (Vendor Development).
Could convince a number of vendors to agree for 120 days credit period.

Working with M/s Enviro Abrasion Resistant Engineers Pvt. Ltd., Nigdi, Pune( 1 year) as Sr.Manager(Projects) :-

A company dealing in Material Handling equipments, viz. Chain Conveyors, Belt conveyors, Screw conveyors, Pug Mills, Wet Scrapper Conveyors, Vibration Screens, Bin Vibrators, Crushers, Vibrating Feeders, Weigh Feeders, Cast basalt lining, etc.

My role :-
To lead the Project Management System(PMS) team so as to ensure that all Projects are executed & delivered on time.
Feasibility Study – To check the technical & commercial aspects in the orders received from marketing.
Budgetary Control - To ensure that the projects are within their budgets allocated or else ask for price escalations from the respective customer.
Designing - To ensure proper designing of the product as per the Layout & P & ID provided.
Planning - To prepare proper E & C / Dispatch & Invoicing / Collection plan for the project.
Production – To ensure that the manufacturing activities are in compliance with the plan.
Procurement – Ensuring on time procurement of the bought outs required for various projects.
Quality Assurance – Ensuring approval of quality by the internal QA department as per the customer’s approved QAP.
Inspection – Getting goods inspected and obtaining dispatch clearance by the customer.
Dispatch – Ensuring on time dispatch of goods to the customer.
Erection & Commissioning – Selecting appropriate contractor to execute the erection activities and deputing efficient site engineer for smooth execution of the job.
Payments – Successful execution of on time payment recovery from the customers.
After sales service – Providing support to customers for after sales service viz. breakdown or preventive maintenance during the guarantee period.
Computer Knowledge : Well versed with MS Office 2007 and Windows XP.

Significant Achievements
Successfully handled 10 cast basalt lining projects and 30 fuel & ash handling projects in a span of 12 months.

Working with M/s Aditya Birla Memorial Hospital, Thergaon, Pune (a 250 bed state of the art, Super- Speciality hospital)- 3 years as Head Of The Materials Department:-

My role :-
.
To lead and manage a team of Buyers to ensure procurement of all goods and services required for the Project in such a way that it gets over in a crash time of 3 years.
Procurement – Global & local procurement of electrical, mechanical, civil, IT items, etc. To engage various agencies for different jobs and get the same coordinated through our Appointed Consultant for the Project – L & T ECC, Chennai. Edifice Architects Pvt. Ltd. were the consultants appointed for Interiors.
Some of the major agencies engaged for the Project were Simplex Concrete Piles(INDIA) Ltd. for Civil, Artistic Interior Solutions & Shah Granites for Interiors, Armstrong for False Ceilings, D.S. Gupta Construction Pvt Ltd. for Plumbing, Godrei for door locking systems & accessories, Smash Electricals for Electrical, ETA Engineering Pvt. Ltd. were for Air Conditioning & AHU, Johnson Lifts for all lifts & elevators, Lloyd Insulation for Insulated Roofing System, Elesar Focchi for glass doors, windows & partitions, SP Fab Pvt. Ltd. for glazing, Meera Enterprises & Pujan & Murat Furniture for all Carpentry work, RKHS for Pantry & Kitchen, Ramsons for CSSD & Laundry, Wartsila for FO Boiler, WTS Sales & Service for water treatment and incinerator, Zenith Controls & System for Nurse Call System.
All Steel & Cement required for the project were procured directly by us. Steel was procured from SAIL, TISCO & Vizag Steel. All Cement was procured from Rajshree Cement – our sister concern.
Services – Arranging and monitoring all kinds of services normally required at a green field site, viz. Security, Canteen, local conveyance, phones, event management, etc.
To approve the ordering of necessary goods and services after finalizing the necessary details, specifications and terms & conditions.
Vendor Development - To develop appropriate Vendors analyzing their technical, financial, quality assurance and managerial capabilities.
Budgetary Control –Ensuring that procurements are within the sanctioned budget.
Liability Control - To keep the Vendor’s liability at the bare minimum.
Scrap Disposal -To sell the scrap generated and obtain maximum realization.
Advertising – Finalized the agency for the same.
System Development - To Prepare and computerize the systems / procedures / controls for the department comprising of purchase & stores right from scratch, including the formats of the various records required along with their list of signatories
Computer Knowledge : Well versed with MS Office 2006, Windows 2000 and Windows XP.

Significant Achievements
Successfully saved Rs.12 Crores in the total project cost from the budgeted figure of Rs.72 Crores.
Successfully executed the project in a crash time of 3 years.

Working with M/s Grasim Industries Ltd., Kumarpatnam, Near Davangere, Karnataka- 10 years as
Manager(Purchase) :-

A Chemical process company, manufacturing Viscose Staple Fibre ( a direct substitute for Cotton)
from Eucalyptus shoots, having its own captive power plant, water treatment plant & Effluent treatment plant.

My role :-
Procurement (Domestic Purchase and Imports)-
o Procuring yearly material of 20 Crores.
oEnsuring JIT procurement for the items available locally.
oProcuring raw material through E- procurement viz. Caustic soda lye, Lime, sulphur,
chlorine, etc.
oProcurement of capital equipment like Boiler & its accessories, heat exchangers,
dissolvers, LT Panels, Transformers, chimneys, etc., in addition to the requirement of
Instruments, valves, pumps, bearings, gearboxes, castings, chains & sprockets, couplings,
IT items, vehicles, tools, fire & safety, Chemical & Lab Apparatus, rubber lining, etc.
oImport of Spinnerettes, GCF filter media, cutter blades, Karbate Tubes, Measuring
instruments, etc.
oEnsure maximization of CAD transactions during imports and reduction of LC
transactions.
AMC Management - Covering equipments under Annual Maintenance Contracts (AMCs).
Vendor Management : Registration, Development and Rating.
Inventory Management – Finalizing the annual inventory limits, fixing stock levels of stores items, getting the surplus / obsolete stock identified and their realization.
Budget monitoring and Control – To keep the management updated about the monthly consumption of all departments vis-à-vis their allocated budgets.
Quality Control, Audits and Regulatory Compliance – Participating in WCM activities in the Plant, Internal Auditor for ISO 9000, EMS 14000, OHSMS 18000, participating in BMC conferences.
Repair Management – To have total control on all the items sent out for repairs / replacements.
To take Buy vs. Build decisions.
Value Engineering - Performing life value analysis/ value engineering.
System Development – To continuously interact with the EDP Department so as to tailor the ERP system so as to suit the smooth working of the Department.
Computer Knowledge : Well versed with MS Office2003, Windows 2000 and Windows XP.

Significant Achievements
Introduced E - Procurement & saved 10%.
Obtained the best rate across the Business for filter Media from M/s Pressmetal, Germany.
Also, developed alternate vendors & got a price advantage of 30%.
Reduced the inventory of Ost. Feinguss, Austria cutter blades drastically i.e. by 60%.
Also, developed alternate vendors & got a price advantage of 61%.
Introduced CAD transactions in IMPORT ORDERS across the business thereby saving time & money required for LC formalities.
Reduced purchase of bearings from Authorized dealers from 20% to 7%.
Reduced purchase of bearings by Rs.3.00 lacs per month by increasing quantum of imports, as the direct imported ones not only displayed better life, but were also economical.
Successfully reduced the inventories of stock items by 20% especially, in slurry press sieves each costing Rs.0.50 lacs, reducing inventory by 83 %.
Handled 15.0 Crores 50TPH Boiler Project - procuring, erecting and commissioning Mechanical, Electrical, Instrumentation and Civil items.
Developed conveyor system for cylinder handling.
Proved to be the Best Negotiator
Proved to be the Best Communicator
Developed new vendors & saved 8%.
Saved 15% by dealing directly with the OEMs.
Executed JIT successfully for the items available locally.
Internal auditor for ISO 9000, EMS 14000, OHSMS 18000 activities.

Personal Information:-
Date Of Birth : 14 Sept., 1964.
Marital Status : Married.
No. of Children : One.
Father’s name : Late Mr. Ashutosh Ray Chaudhuri
Address : RH No: 2, Aakar Residency, Vishal Nagar, Pimple Nilakh, Pune, Maharashtra, India – 411027
Contact No : 098********
Languages Known: English, Hindi, Marathi, Kannada, Bengali &
Contact this candidate