Najibullah Kazimy
Alexandria, Virginia
571-***-**** ady2ec@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Project manager with 13 years of proven experience in construction industry. Adept at surveying, generating maps using AutoCAD software, estimating, conducting quality control and quality assurance, preparing daily / weekly / monthly reports, and coordinating all on-site activities. Bachelor’s degree in Construction Engineering. Fluent in Dari/Farsi and Pashto, moderate fluency in English. Seeking employment in the construction industry leveraging my skills and experience.

KEY SKILLS

●Project Management
●Surveying / Estimating
●Scheduling

●Community Liaison
●Networker
●Flexible & Adaptable

●Leadership & Teamwork
●Problem Solver
Motivated

WORK EXPERIENCE

Inspector 2019 - 2021
Tetra Tech, Engineering Support Program, USAID,
Badakhshan Province & Ghazni Province, Afghanistan

Collaborative effort between major engineering services provider and government international development arm to provide program and construction management for water, environment, infrastructure, resources, and energy.

Planned and managed the installation of nearly 500 km of 220 kW electrical power transmission lines. Performed quality assurance and quality control (QA/QC) on soil and concrete towers, documented results, and produced regular reports. (Ghazni)

Rehabilitated and built 16 km of irrigation canals (Badakhshan).

Project Engineer 2011 – 2019
Aga Khan Foundation, Badakhshan Province, Afghanistan
Private, not-for-profit development agency building infrastructure in under-developed regions.

Oversaw projects to build or repair bridges, schools, water supplies, and irrigation systems.

Evaluated sites, interacted with local communities, documented requirements, made recommendations, estimated costs, produced technical drawings, wrote regular progress reports, and managed projects to completion.


Field Monitor June 2010 – December 2010
Ministry of Rural Rehabilitation and Development (MRRD),
United Nations Development Program (UNDP), National Area-Based Development Program (NABDP),
Takhar Province, Afghanistan

A collaborative venture to use public funds and donations to improve the infrastructure of villages.

Evaluated land and structures damaged by floods, interacted with local communities, made recommendations, and implemented solutions such as the construction of new retaining walls.

EDUCATION

Bachelor’s of Science, Construction Engineering (Civil and Industrial Building) 2003 - 2009 Kabul Polytechnic University, Kabul, Afghanistan

CERTIFICATIONS AND OTHER SPECIALIZED TRAINING

Economics Organization Management in Construction Engineering, Tajik Technical University, Dushanbe, Tajikistan, 2014

ICMQ Quality Assurance Building Construction, Delhi, India, 2013

Auto CAD, Kabul Polytechnic University IT Center, Kabul, Afghanistan, 2009

MS Office, Kabul Polytechnic University IT Center, Kabul, Afghanistan, 2009

LANGUAGES SPOKEN

Fluency in Farsi/Dari, Pashto, Moderate Fluency in English

Fully Authorized to Work in the US- No Visa Sponsorship Required
Contact this candidate