Reid Johnson
Quality Assurance Engineer
812-***-****
ady45e@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn - https://www.linkedin.com/in/reidjohnson01/ EXPERIENCE
Catalent Biologics, Remote - Senior Quality Assurance Representative Oct. 2020 - Mar. 2023
● Subject matter expert for Deviation Reports, Compliance Assessments, and Corrective/Preventive Actions in 6 months.
● Revamped site goals and automated site metrics reporting.
● Pioneered S.M.A.R.T. goal framework for strategic alignment.
● Managed audit data and support, working as auditing project manager.
● Discovered and communicated key issues to Leadership, supporting regulatory compliance.
Catalent Biologics, Bloomington, IN- Quality Assurance Representative Mar. 2019 - Oct. 2020
● Implemented Lean Six Sigma methods to streamline processes, reduce waste, and optimize resources.
● Fostered quality culture by organizing cross-functional team meetings, brainstorming and implementing process improvements based on data-driven insights.
● Implemented Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) and quality metrics to monitor and measure process effectiveness and efficiency.
● Developed and implemented risk management plans for risk assessments, risk mitigation, and contingency.
● Collaborated to evaluate and validate new processes and technologies. Catalent Biologics, Bloomington, IN- Associate Quality Assurance Representative Jan. 2018 - Mar. 2019
● Established lines of communication with floor personnel to address any compliance concerns.
● Held meetings and knowledge-sharing sessions to facilitate communication and alignment of goals across departments.
● Provided training for staff to ensure a clear understanding of quality standards, regulatory compliance, and proper manufacturing procedures.
● Foster a sense of ownership and accountability among employees by involving them in problem-solving and decision-making processes.
● Enhanced storage tracking, reducing loss and improving inventory control.
Avionics Mounts Inc., Gnaw Bone, IN - Quality Auditor Jun. 2013 - Jan. 2018
● Ensured all avionics products and systems meet safety and quality standards, minimizing risks and ensuring airworthiness.
● Streamlined manufacturing processes, reducing defects and enhancing operational efficiency.
● Fostered collaboration between different departments, ensuring alignment of quality objectives.
● Identified deviations that could impact the quality, safety, and compliance.
● Continuously enhanced manufacturing processes, addressing root causes of issues.
EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATES
Purdue University, West Lafayette - Agriculture Economics
(Jan. 2014 - Dec. 2017)
Coursera - Google Data Analytics Certificate (2023) ASQ - Certified Quality Auditor (2023)
SSGI - Lean Six Sigma Green Belt (2019)
Skills
Sequel
R Programming
Excel (top 5% of users)
Data analysis
Contact this candidate