Executive Profile:
Professional Experience:
Sept’ 2021 to July 2023: Osool Group of Project Management LLC. Fujairah, as Restaurant Operation Manager Handling Multiple Brands & Multiple Stores:
I am leading and manage a team of Restaurant Managers/Supervisors, responsible for all aspects of day-to-day running of restaurants including Sales, Customer Service, quality control, operations, Staff Development, training, effective line-management, and human resources.
Work with senior stakeholders.
Ensure all legal and regulatory documents are filed and monitor compliance with laws and regulations. Work with the board of directors to determine values and mission, and plan for short and long-term goals.
Responsible for overall operational, financial and management of staff assigned at the airport outlets. With strong hospitality experience to ensure the reputation of the company is maintained at the highest level.
Plan the delivery of all services in outlets, including food & beverage, ambience, and service elements. Through regular review of customer preferences, influence the development of outlets and services through active liaison with the other section and departments.
Constantly seek customer feedback and opportunities to develop high quality service in the outlets.
Provide on-job coaching and guidance to team members, managing their performance to ensure a smooth operation.
Arrange for timely and detailed briefing sessions for downward communication of product/service changes and for sharing of learning from service recovery actions of the recent past.
Establishes restaurant business plan by surveying restaurant demand, conferring with people in the community, identifying and evaluating competitors, preparing financial, marketing, and sales projections, analyses, and estimates.
Meets restaurant financial objectives by developing financing, establishing relationships, preparing strategic and annual forecasts and budgets, analyzing variances, initiating corrective actions, establishing, and monitoring financial controls, developing, and implementing strategies to increase average meal checks. Ajmera Surender
RESTAURANT OPERATION MANAGER
Focused, high-energy professional, targeting
assignments as F&B Manager in the Hospitality
industry.
ady7ly@r.postjobfree.com
+971*********
Result-oriented professional with an experience of More than 10 years in various restaurants and currently working as a Restaurant Operation Manager in Osool Group of Project Management LLC.
Ensuring guest satisfaction by achieving delivery of service quality norms by interacting with clients, managing guest’s requests & resolving complaints, delivering high-value restaurant services to upscale the clients for exalting their satisfaction levels
Excellence in developing & maintaining business relationship with individual & corporate guests to achieve repeat / referral business along with product and service norms.
Exhibited competency in maximizing revenue & profitability of the restaurant through best of class product & service standards to dazzle
& delight the customer.
Key Impact Areas
Restaurant Operations
Food & Beverage Operations
Cost & Budgetary Control
Quality Assurance
People Management
Customer Satisfaction
April’ 2021 to Aug’ 2021: Al Qubaisi Group LLC. Dubai, as Café Operation Manager. Handling 20+ Cafés: Ensure that upon the new restaurant opening, productivity and quality remains at high standards and that costs are acceptable by planning the resources in the optimum manner.
Accountable for coaching and training managers with appropriate skills and product knowledge to execute highest standard and growth.
Manage and oversee new projects, equipment, replacement, test programs and vendor relations. Responsible for all marketing and advertising activities.
Supervise quality control and quantities for preparation to minimize wastage, perform frequent checks to ensure consistent high of preparation and services.
July’2018 to Aug’ 2020: Bateel International LLC. Dubai, as Restaurant Manager.
Streamlining systems with proven capability to enhance operational effectiveness and meet operational goals within the cost, time & quality parameters to achieve higher customer satisfaction.
Creating a culture of alignment between individual & company’s objectives, planning & executing strategy to maximize restaurant revenue and profits.
Improving business, internal processes and the overall performance through effective strategy and action plans Ensuring continuous interaction with the customers to ensure that their areas of concern can be worked upon for improved service levels.
June 2014 to July’ 2018: Emirates First Group (Lavazza), Abu Dhabi as Assistant Restaurant Manager.
Take responsibility for the business performance of the restaurant Analyses and plan restaurant sales levels and profitability.
Organize marketing activities, such as promotional events and discount schemes.
Prepare reports at the end of the shift/week, including staff control, food control and sales Create and execute plans for department sales, profit, and staff development. Sep’13 – Feb’14: Café Coffee Day, Hyderabad as Restaurant Manager.
Assisted with and contributed to coordination for meetings and events in private dining room Managed all paper product orders, cutting costs by using Lean methods.
Controlled inventory by creating Excel spreadsheets to monitor orders.
Maintained set par, calculated paper cost percentages from the profit and loss report Produced quality services and special events. Coordinated scheduling for employees Supervised & evaluated team members' performance. March’ 2012 To June’2013: Highbrow (Event Management) Hyderabad, as Trainee AV Assistant Manager. Plan event from start to finish according to requirements, target audience and objectives Ensure event is completed smoothly and step up to resolve any problems that might occur.
Coordinate details of events such as conferences, weddings, charity events, surprise parties, trade shows, sales meetings, business meetings, employee appreciation events and virtual events. Industrial Trainings:
JW Marriott Hotel, Hyderabad in Housekeeping, F&B Service and Food Production departments
F9 Diner, Hyderabad in Bar Tendering and F&B Service Education & Credentials:
MBA from National Institute of Tourism and Hospitality Management, JNTU, Hyderabad in 2013
BHMCT from Blooms College of Hotel Management & Catering Technology, Hyderabad, Osmania University in 2011
12th from Govt. Junior College Boys, Adilabad in 2006 10th from G.A.Z. No. 1 High School, Adilabad in 2004 Thanks & Regards,
Ajmera Surender.
Contact this candidate