MUHAMMAD WAHEED AKRAM
Personal Profile

Date of Birth: November 30th, 1988
Nationality: Pakistani
Address: Sahiwal, Pakistan.
Telephone: +92-344*******, +92-307*******
Languages: Fluent in Urdu and English
Email: ady79j@r.postjobfree.com, ady79j@r.postjobfree.com
Education
M. Sc. (Hons.) Agriculture (2010-2012)
University of Agriculture – Faisalabad, Pakistan
B. Sc. (Hons.) Agriculture (2006-2010)
University of Agriculture – Faisalabad, Pakistan
Professional Experiences
Corteva Agriscience (Dow-DuPont): Area Agronomy Manager
November 2017 to Present
DuPont Pioneer Pakistan: Product Agronomist
August 2016 to October 2017
DuPont Pioneer Pakistan: Quality Assurance Associate.
May 2013 to August 2016
Expertise
Varietal adoptability trials (Corn, Pearl Millet, Mustard, Rice, Alfalfa)
Product demonstrations
Seed vigor testing (cold test, accelerating aging test) through ISTA protocol
Seed viability testing (Tetrazolium test) ISTA and AOSA protocols
Seed germination testing ( ISTA protocol)
Seed physical damage testing (Fast green dye test for corn)
Corn seed grow out test
Seed sampling ( ISTA protocols)
Seed physical purity testing( ISTA protocols)
Isolation inspection of corn hybrid seed production
Detasseling inspection of corn hybrid seed production
Male chopping inspection of corn hybrid seed production
Corn seed processing (sorting, drying, shelling), conditioning and packing inspection
Isolation inspection of mustard and pearl millet hybrid seed production
Mustard and pearl millet seed processing, conditioning and packing inspection
Product complaints handling via field visit and field investigation
Four Brother Agri. Services, Pakistan – November 10, 2012 to April 15, 2013.Worked as Assistant Development Officer, In Sahiwal Region.
Expertise
Demonstrate value of products among farmers community through field days and farmer meetings
Providing field services to farmers
Develop the Agronomic and technical knowledge of farmers resulting in improved yield and income
Seed Physiology Lab (Department of Crop Physiology, University of Agriculture Faisalabad) – 2010-2012
Seed testing experience (seed germination, vigor and viability testing in accordance with ISTA protocols)
HEC (Higher Education Commission) Project– June, 2011 to June 2012
Research Associate with Dr. Irfan Afzal (Assistant Professor, University of Agriculture Faisalabad, Pakistan), in a project titled, ” Enhancing the performance of tomato by improving fruit lycopene contents”

Training Courses
Training workshop on “Varietal Purity Testing through DNA Markers” .(NIBGI)
Training workshop on “International Workshop on Seed Testing through ISTA Standards”. (UAF)
Training on “Community Basic Life Support & Fire Safety”. (Punjab Emergency Service)
Personal Skills
Proficient or familiar with computer knowledge and internet email and browsing including…
Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint).
Windows XP, Vista, win. 7 and win. 8.
Analyze Statistical Data, Database Administration using MS Exel.

Publications
Research paper entitled “Moringa Leaf and Sorghum Water Extracts and Salicylic Acid to Alleviate Impacts of Heat Stress in Wheat”. Published in South African Journal of Botany
References

Dr. Irfan Afzal (Associate Professor, Seed Physiology Lab, Department of Crop Physiology, University of Agriculture Faisalabad, Pakistan ady79j@r.postjobfree.com +92-300-*******
Contact this candidate