Shafiullah Rasooli Curriculum Vitae
Cover Letter
Contact Address: +93-773-**-**-**
Email Address: ady90m@r.postjobfree.com
Job categories: Engineering
Post Title: Construction and Civil Engineer
Location of Duty: Everywhere in the world
Dear Sir/ Madam!
Greetings! In response to your construction or Civil Engineer position, I am enclosing my resume for your review. Given my proven record of work performance and experience in engineering project quality assurance, implementation, control and supervision, I would like to be considered for the position. I pride myself on being a results-oriented, hands-on individual with progressive engineering management experience. My management style strongly emphasizes steam work, site work, monitoring and the principles of coordination. A ne valuation of my resume will further acquaint you with my background and qualifications for this position. Civil Engineering degree, 13-plus years of progressive management experience & growth. Provide quality advisory service to company engineering / public works department in project selection, design, estimation, and implementation to facilitate the delivery of public works and public service projects. Providing ongoing coaching and support to the company technical staff on projects selection planning/ designing implementation and handover.
Ability to do estimation and better implementation of all sorts of construction projects. Assist the company staff in all aspects of project planning and implementation. Broad academic and practical experience in strategic planning. In the review of my resume, you will note my growth and experience. What it cannot illustrate, however, is the degree of dedication, resource fullness, and professionalism that I can offer. A personal conversation will enable us to discuss can contribute to the success of your company. I look forward to pursuing this relationship with you in the near future. And so I think I am good for the Upper mention post. Curriculum Vitae
Personal Information:
Name: Shafiullah Rasooli
F/Name: Rasool Mohammad
Sex: Male
Age: 39 years
Place of Birth: Kabul Afghanistan
Nationality: Afghan
Marital Status: Married
Passport No: P04300763
National ID card No: 140*-***-*****
Car license No: 851473
Experience 13 years
Ph & WhatsApp #: +93 (0-773-**-**-**,
E-mail: ady90m@r.postjobfree.com
Objective: - Looking for a job as a company, in where I can apply my knowledge and experiences to meet the challenges and opportunities for professional advancement or a construction project manager with strong office management and good engineering back ground and the ability to manage office personal and plan with the assurance of a safe and quality oriented job site and also well quality control management. Qualification Effective Able Effective to lead Summary: people, communication team conceptual works and skills and excellent technical team skills player Having knowledge and experiences of designing (roads and buildings), estimating, scheduling & proposal writing
Excellent office management skills
Assist the senior program manager / Deputy project manager in the hand-over and closing of the project
Excellent of the site works.
Support the overall ownership and management of UNOPS assets at construction sites. Self-motivated, flexible, Honest and reliable
Monitor the ANS and control tower facilities construction works to ensure the work complies with the design and specification.
Excellent ability of problem solving
Excellent verbal and written communication in English, Dari, Pashto & Urdu Check contractors claims and submittals for accuracy and made recommendation to the senior program manager
Educational Backgroun
2006-2010 Bachelor of Civil Department Engineering Faculty, Shaikh Zayed University, Khost Afghanistan
1992 –2005 Baccalaureate from Alfatha High School, Khost Afghanistan Training and Courses:
SAP, SAFE & ETABS Abed Afghan Engineering Services Kabul Afghanistan STAAD PRO Abed Afghan Engineering Services Kabul Afghanistan Primavera V6 (project management and planning) Abed Afghan Engineering Services Kabul Afghanistan
CIVIL 3D (2009-2010) Abed Afghan Engineering Services Kabul Afghanistan Auto CAD (2D-3D) Islamic Institute of Information Technology IIIT Khost Afghanistan Level one to Advance two (AELC) American English Language Centre Khost Afghanistan. MS Office Islamic Institute of Information Technology IIIT Khost Afghanistan Other Skills: Familiar Excellent Able to research. with communication the usage of skills. Survey equipment’s’ such as ( Total station,Level,GPS USE) Computer operating skills.
Other qualification:
Management of projects
Drawing of maps using Auto CAD Software.
Estimating of projects.
Monitoring of projects.
Scheduling
Structure (STEEL,CONCRETE,TIMBER) Design using STAAD PRO Languages:
Language Speaking Reading Writing
Pashto Fluent Excellent Excellent
Dari Excellent Excellent Excellent
English V-good V-Good V-Good
Urdu Good Good Good
Work Experiences
Name of Organization Samsor Athal Younoszai Construction Company (SAYCC) Location Khost province
Position Project Manager
Duration from 01 Jan 2010 to 30Jan 2012
Main Responsibilities:
Checking of quality of work and materials to the site. Implementation of Quality Assurance Plan for project.. Prepared documents and work plan.
Daily, Weekly and monthly reports to the main office. Weekly Weekly meeting and monthly with meeting Prime contractor with company about personals. works. Name of Organization Afghan Rolex Construction Company (ARCC) Location Khost province
Position Site Engineer and office manager
Duration from 01 March 2012 to 08 May 2015
Main Responsibilities:
Checking of quality of work and materials to the site. Submitting daily activity reports and pictures to the Main Office. Implementation of Quality Assurance Plan for project. Prepared projects drawings and documents.
Prepared cost estimation and work plan.
Daily, Weekly and monthly reports to the main office. Weekly and monthly meeting with company personals. Name of Organization Memar Khost Construction Company (MKCC) Location Khost province
Position General Project and office manager
Duration from 15 Jun 2015 to 15 Aug 2021
Main Responsibilities:
Checking of quality of work and materials to the site. Submitting daily activity reports and pictures to the Main Office. Implementation of Quality Assurance Plan for project. Prepared projects drawings and documents.
Prepared cost estimation and work plan.
Daily, Weekly and monthly reports to the main office. Weekly meeting with Prime contractor about works.
Weekly and monthly meeting with company personals. Name of Organization Organization of Human Welfare (OHW) Location Khost province
Position Shelter Engineer
Duration from 05 October 2022 to 01 March 2023
Main Responsibilities:
Checking of quality of work and materials to the site. Submitting daily activity reports and pictures to the Main Office. Implementation of Quality Assurance Plan for project. Prepared projects drawings and documents.
Prepared cost estimation and work plan.
Daily, Weekly and monthly reports to the main office. Weekly meeting with Prime contractor about works.
Weekly and monthly meeting with company personals. References:
Engr Noorullah Zahid : - Professor Department of Civil Engineering Faculty Shaikh Zayed University, Khost, Afghanistan
Cell Phone No: 009*-***-**-**-**
E-mail Add: - ady90m@r.postjobfree.com
Engr Saber shah sabberi: - Assistant Professor Department of Civil Engineering Faculty Shaikh Zayed University, Khost, Afghanistan
E-mail Add: - ady90m@r.postjobfree.com
Phone & WhatsApp: +937********
Contact this candidate