Janel Brandt
Project Management
ady9nh@r.postjobfree.com • 701-***-****
Minot, ND 58703
Forward-thinking and accomplished professional with extensive experience in security operations, shipment process, project delivery, and quality assurance. Well-versed in developing and implementing robust strategies to oversee day-to-day operational processes. Profound expertise in developing quality management programs, creating project design, maintaining documentation, and communicating project requirements. Excel at uncovering potential risks and executing timely corrective actions to improve service delivery as well as optimally allocating resources. Adept at steering and training cross-functional teams to achieve desired results. Instrumental in building and strengthening trusted relationships at all levels. Proficient in change management, RFP, auding, cross-cultural collaboration, RFQs, product management, workflow optimization, and proposal development. Thrive in challenging and deadline-driven environments.
Areas of Expertise
Project Lifecycle Management
New Business Development
Strategic Planning & Analysis
Continuous Process Improvement
Team Leadership & Training
Risk Assessment & Mitigation
Budgeting & Forecasting
Quality Assurance & Control
Security Operations
Problem Resolution
Employee Engagement
Regulatory Compliance
30 Hour OSHA
Professional Experience
Farmers Business Network, Minot, ND 2021 – 2023
Shipping & Receiving Coordinator
Manage and receive inventory, analyze BOL for accuracy, and conduct audit to ensure quality. Monitor shipment of all products, materials, and supplies. Track and update status of incoming and outgoing shipments.
Key accomplishments:
●Built and strengthened professional relationships with employees and stakeholders.
NDDOCR, Bismarck, ND 2020 – 2021
Corrections Officer
Oversaw all facets of security to promote secure environment within prison. Actively engaged in search of inmates, such as cell, body (clothed and unclothed), property, and work area to determine control of contraband and compliance with institutional health standards. Monitored inmate movement and activities in all housing units, recreation areas, dining areas, and visiting areas, while ensuring inmate compliance with regulations, memorandums, posted orders, policies/procedures, and unit plan to maintain order/operation of unit. Crafted reports for supervisors related to inmate behavior, rule violations, work/repair orders, security rounds, shakedowns, and transportation of inmates. Prepared incident reports, chain of custody forms, and evidence inventory forms and managed working knowledge of all security and emergency equipment, disaster plans, emergency evacuation procedures, and escape routes.
Key accomplishments:
●Executed inmate counts at designated times in assigned unit to confirm security and early detection of escapees.
●Carried out transportation of inmates out of institution for medical appointments.
●Controlled public during tours and public access events to determine safety of public and inmates.
●Supported rehabilitative and basic cognitive needs on individual basis to inmates and acted as role model for inmates.
●Performed on-site alcohol, drug, DNA testing in line with division policy and gathered evidence in accordance with evidentiary law.
NDDOT, Minot, ND 2015 – 2019
Engineering Tech
Analyzed audit payrolls submitted by contractors to ensure accuracy and compliance with Davis Bacon. Conducted investigations on paving projects for contract compliance and surveillance of complex construction projects. Determined contractor compliance with approved plans and specification for multiple construction. Examined plans and specifications for accuracy and completeness. Collected information to compile into written inspection reports and crafted documents, reports, and correspondence, while maintaining daily logs and safety reports to oversee progress of construction and administration of the contract. Inspected roadside Billboards and confirmed compliance with federal regulations. Resupplied all first aid kits for Minot District and steered quality assurance for the state.
Key accomplishments:
●Executed duties related to inspection of equipment and materials.
●Acquired samples from work site and forwards for laboratory testing and analysis.
●Assessed consultants/district final record documents for construction projects and validated documents.
The Reach Group, Houston, Tx 2012 – 2015
Performance Coach & Project Manager for Continuous Improvement
Orchestrated meetings, workshops, and safety discussions between operators, contractors, and service compliance. Planned and deployed safety protocols and procedures, while ensuring transparent communication across all units. Carried out leadership development and developed operational best practices, coaching crews, and teams. Prepared plans, uncovered risks, implemented corrective actions, and performed operations with top quartile performance consistency.
Key accomplishments:
●Assessed measurement system to share performance feedback for client’s team and senior management.
●Facilitated team development and safety culture to drive increased ROI and efficiency.
●Collaborated directly with crews on location to build culture of safety and efficiency.
Additional Experience
Mud Logger/Geology/Geosteering, Weatherford
Chief Executive Officer/Operator, JM Tohm Construction
Education & Credentials
2 Years of Accounting at Colorado Technical Institute
Army Corps of Engineers Contractors Quality Control Management
Wyoming/Montana Safety Council Safety Certification
WCSC Certification (World Class Safety Culture) The REACH groups
30 Hour OSHA
Technical Proficiencies
Microsoft Office Suite, REACH Data Package, HSPM, IDEAL, State used data programs, such as Ilynx and Filenet
Contact this candidate