L ATONYA I R V I N
adymbr@r.postjobfree.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/latonya-irvin-mls-5a720a3a/
LEGAL SERVICES MANAGER OF CONTRACTS
Results-driven, talented professional with experience analyzing data and developing strategies to ensure compliance with applicable regulations, policies, and procedures. Maintain comprehensive knowledge of Medicare, Medicaid, and Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) guidelines. Equally comfortable working in collaborative or independent roles. Thrive in fast-paced environments with the ability to prioritize multiple projects simultaneously and meet deadlines. CORE COMPETENCIES
Regulatory Compliance
Work Independently
Strong Attention to Detail
Excellent Communication Skills
Contract Management
Action Plans
Quality Management Systems (QMS)
Quality Assurance
Multitasking
Superior Time Management
Strategic Planning
Strong Problem-Solving Skills
Leadership / Influencing Skills
Cross-Functional Collaboration
Policy & Process Development
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
SCIONHEALTH Nashville, TN 11/2022 – Present
Legal Services Manager of Contracts
Manage quality assurance and continually improve legal processes and projects relative to the organization’s contract management program. Coordinate legal services and direct administrative functions of contract management program and associated software management systems. Maintain and distribute statistical information and reports. Address questions relative to contract process, fair market value (FMV) guidelines, and other required paperwork when facilities submit proposals in MediTract. Draft contracts and ensure facilities keep current contracts in compliance with applicable regulations and company policies. Provide support and respond to requests. Communicate issues with appropriate supervisor as required.
Notable Achievements:
Program Manager for Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion.
Supported ScionHealth facilities and corporate departments on matters relative to referral source agreements and agreements requiring pre-approval.
Tracked, routed, and archived agreements that completed review process with designated attorney. Followed-up with approvers to ensure agreements were approved in a timely manner.
Monitored and reported potential policy deviations related to contracting and assisted in tracking reportable events and exceptions that applied to ensure regulatory limitations on the use of given exception was not exceeded.
Developed processes, templates, and training. Used technologies to improve and promote efficiency, consistency, and compliance with regulatory and business requirements.
Assisted with onboarding new acquisition and compiled due diligence materials for divestitures.
Supported and led special projects as needed.
ASURION CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS Nashville, TN 8/2021 – 11/2022 Paralegal, Regulatory Compliance / Assistant to VP Associate General Counsel (dual role) Collaborated on strategic projects to continuously improve efficiency and efficacy of global and regional training and educational programs. Maintained regulatory departmental files by managing electronic databases that served as repositories for all matters handled by regulatory department. Provided comprehensive support to attorneys with daily activities including general research, drafting correspondence and contracts, and preparing legal documentation. Used various automated legal research tools and public information databases to research program-specific legal matters. Conducted extensive municipal, state, and federal research.
Notable Achievements:
Assisted Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) in developing content for other compliance, business-related, online, and in- person training courses regionally and globally.
Built cross-functional bridges to create a culture of compliance.
Provide in-depth support with licensing agreements, government regulatory affairs, Office of Foreign Assets Control
(OFAC), trade-in legal research, new appliance research, and business permit research.
Develop and execute policies and procedures.
Review and edit reprints and contracts.
L ATONYA I R V I N
Page 2 of 2
Serve as Project Manager, Diversity, Equity & Inclusion (DE&I) for Legal Department (R.E.A.L.) o Serve as liaison among legal department and multiple employee resource groups to develop strategies for creating and fostering a more diverse environment company wide. o Developed and executed policies, standards, and controls focused on DE&I initiatives. o Facilitated and led DE&I training
o Engaged leadership, identified, and managed risks facing groups including third-party. NISSAN NORTH AMERICA Franklin, TN 6/2018 – 8/2021 Litigation Legal Assistant, Breach of Warranty
Served as a liaison among external vendors, attorneys, and clients to complete settlement checks for repurchase agreements and other compliance related legal procedures to reduce fines. Maintained comprehensive knowledge of collection litigation. Facilitated training for new hires in opening cases, information gathering, document collection, and preparation of legal correspondence.
Notable Achievements:
Identified a bottleneck in the check request process and implemented a solution to improve the process, resulting in
$49K savings in labor hours.
Streamlined the check request process by redesigning and making changes to requested data from outside counsel, saving the company time and avoiding penalties.
BUREAU OF TENNCARE Nashville, TN 5/2014 – 6/2018 Healthcare and Finance Administration, Managed Care Specialist III, Waiver Program Supervised 12 team members responsible for executing eligibility determination process, legislative changes, and collective bargaining results to make informed decisions for impending company benefits and compensation. Adhered to and enforced policies and procedures to ensure taxpayers received maximum value from tax dollars. Meticulously verified data accuracy, drafted, and updated database reports to modify amendments. Consistently guaranteed compliance with HIPAA guidelines.
Notable Achievements:
Verified checks and balances of resources and assets of applicants seeking long-term care. Validated information submitted to insurance companies and funeral homes for the previous five years.
Handled estate recoveries for the State of Tennessee’s unpaid medical expenses of deceased patients, resulting in $6M recovered funds for healthcare costs.
Collected, monitored, and placed lien recommendations on properties for dues owed to the State where a patient received healthcare and paid.
Paralegal, Department of Children’s Services
Paralegal, Office of General Counsel
ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE
VACO STAFFING AGENCY Nashville, TN 11/2011 – 5/2014 Renal Advantage Inc., Authorization Specialist
EDUCATION AND CREDENTIALS
Doctor of Business Administration (DBA) Walden University, Online Expected Completion: 2025 Master of Science, Legal Studies Risk Management Kaplan University, Online 2010 Bachelor of Science, Professional Studies of Business Law Austin Peay State University, Clarksville, TN 2008 Associate in Applied Science, Police Administration Nashville State Community College, Nashville, TN 2006 TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES
Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) Morley Salesforce Interchange Portal AHS Citrix TPAES Passport LawVu Finscan Microsoft Teams
Contact this candidate