JEFFERY METCALF
216-***-**** – adymqr@r.postjobfree.com

CAPITAL PROJECTS – ENGINEERING – MANUFACTURING OPERATIONS

Results-driven Engineering Manager with 20+ years of experience leading operations and supporting engineered systems and processes. Strong background in engineering, business, and regulatory compliance, including Environmental Health & Safety (EHS). Specialized expertise supporting chemical and industrial automation industries and the United States Naval Nuclear Propulsion Program. Lead business process improvement analyses to identify opportunities for efficiency and cost reduction. Unique blend of operations management, business analysis, and technical engineering skills.
Accomplished project manager working closely with senior management, key stakeholders, cross-functional teams, and internal/external customers to manage scope, schedule, vendor contract labor, expenses, and risk.
Leader experienced with assessing and making critical decisions to drive business activities.
Team builder with excellent organization and communication skills to help achieve success.

BUSINESS AND LEADERSHIP COMPETENCIES
• Team Leadership/Collaboration • Preventive/Predictive Maintenance • Key Performance Indicators
• Environmental Health & Safety (EHS) • Process Improvement • Regulatory Compliance
• Project Management • Quality Assurance • Union Negotiations
• Strategic Analysis/Planning • Standard Operating Procedures • Resource Management
• Estimating/Budgeting • Relationship Management • Job Coaching and Mentoring

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

CHEMOL CORPORATION, INC., Greensboro, NC
Project Manager (2022 - 2023)
Led equipment refresh and operational improvement projects for manufacturer of textile sizing, finishing and garment washing solutions, paper and packaging solutions, natural fats and oils, and oleochemicals. Managed 4 direct reports.
Determined all processes, business needs, yield rate, and training needs to design, fabricate, and program a Programmable Logic Controller (PLC) for a new chemical reactor.
Significantly increased plant productivity reliability by leading design and development of a fabrication automation system increasing process yield by 200% while also improving efficiency and reducing energy usage.
Managed process improvements using 5-Whys and CMMS tools to streamline regulatory compliance activities, including improving operator training and controls. Saved 86% in acquisition costs with conveyor design/fabrication.
Built a Computerized Maintenance Management System (CMMS) system using MS Access to track operations Key Performance Indicators (KPIs), including labor, costs, downtime, Mean Time Between Failures (MTBF), life cycle, and preventive and corrective maintenance.
Created reports to monitor operational trends and drive continual process improvements.

VALTRIS SPECIALITY CHEMICAL CORPORATION, INC., Cleveland, OH
Project Engineer/Maintenance Manager (2019 - 2021)
Oversaw maintenance engineering operations team of 6 direct reports for manufacturer of chemical additives to improve performance of plastics, coatings, adhesives and sealants, pharmaceuticals, flavors/fragrances, and personal care products.
Planned and led projects improving mechanical and process-driven energy management. Stood up dry cooling tower to supplement existing chiller, reducing energy use by 30% and increasing running mechanical cooling by 41%.
Identified and led improvements to systems based on analyses of operational Key Performance Indicator (KPI) data.
Revitalized a one-of-a-kind zinc water evaporation system by correcting an original design flaw, leading to EPA approval for ability to reduce zinc water waste stream by 93%. Completed project 29% under budget.
Led contract negotiations with vendors and service providers to control impacts to operational and production costs.

QUAKER CHEMICAL CORPORATION, INC., Detroit, MI
Project Engineer/Maintenance Supervisor (2014 - 2019)
Directed maintenance department engineering activities and a team of 3 direct reports for a global leader in industrial process fluids used by leading steel, aluminum, automotive, aircraft, machinery, and industrial parts manufacturers.
Managed compliance with 52 different government regulatory requirements, permit approvals, as well as NFPA, NEC, STI, ASI, ASME, NEC70E, and OSHA 1910 series standards.
Introduced the Responsible Care (RC 14001) methodology that increased capabilities and tracked interdependencies of multiple programs, reports, and functions with subsequent adoption throughout all corporate subsidiaries.
Designed, fabricated, and installed a 4-tiered wastewater treatment system for environmental safety.
Trained insurance company on NFPA and demonstrated to them that requirement to install a $500K supplemental firewater tank was unnecessary. This allowed an increase of coverage at no additional cost.
Led Environmental Health & Safety (EHS) activities, emergency planning, and ensured regulatory compliance by working with the Environmental Protection Agency, Department of Homeland Security, Office of the Mayor City of Detroit, Detroit Fire and Police Departments, and insurance companies.
Migrated Maintenance Connection software to Maintenance Manager+ solution across five locations to streamline maintenance record keeping, improve regulatory compliance capabilities, and reduce costs.
Received Impact Award for protecting and bringing facility back into operation after a catastrophic rainstorm flood.
Prepared and managed annual $1.2M department budget based on strategic and operational priorities.
Managed plant modernization and redesign activities, overseeing design and build of multiple new steam generation plants and support system increasing steam output by 30%, lowering gas consumption 47%, and dropping emissions to less than 10% of authorized levels. This allowed redistribution of purchased gas surplus to further cut costs.

SIEMENS BUILDING TECHNOLOGIES, Chantilly, VA
Service Specialist/Foreman (2012 - 2014)
Oversaw development and installation of building automation systems to improve performance and productivity, reduce costs, meet sustainability and regulatory requirements, enhance occupant experience, and drive business revenue growth.
Managed project to update communications protocols for Fairfax Hospital and the Public Broadcasting Corporation, including Siemens Apogee industrial automation software using MODBUS and BACnet networking systems.
Collaborated with design engineers and architects to evaluate system architectures, focusing on improvements.
Trained technicians and customers in system use and administration. Produced training manuals and videos.

MILITARY SERVICE

US NAVY
(1992 - 2012)
Served in multiple roles, including Computer Modeling/Data Analytics Manager, Statistical Management Analyst/Data Processing Engineer, Federal Records Manager, Process Improvement Leader, Quality Assurance Program Command Supervisor, Planned Maintenance Manager, Nuclear Planner, and Nuclear Engineer.
Worked as Nuclear Repair Coordinator leading teams to maintain, repair, and test of nuclear propulsion systems.
Implemented new data analytics processes improving command information from 65% to a consistent 99.7%.
Led the development and rollout of mission-critical data and workforce management reports to organizations.
Supervised Quality Assurance Program across 17 departments for procedures, testing, inspections, and training.
Coordinated 100K planned maintenance items every quarter across 28 work centers.
Led implementation of new systems and processes driving 100% audit compliance across 38K maintenance items.

EDUCATION

Naval Nuclear Power Program, US Navy, Naval Traning Center, Orlando, FL
Continuing Education Management Courses, Harvard Business School (Online)

CERTIFICATIONS

Project Management Institute, Project Management Professional (PMP)

RECOGNITIONS AND AWARDS

US Navy Commendation Medal, US Navy Achievement Medal, Quaker Chemical Corporation Impact Award
Contact this candidate