Samantha K Sileski
adypvs@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/samanthaksileski 562-***-**** Cypress, CA - USA
Software Professional
Self-driven and collaborative professional. Extensive experience working on enterprise software development projects across the software development life cycle environment. Works cross functionally with internal, external customers and business stakeholders. Track record of delivering tangible results with partners/clients.
Areas of expertise include: 20 years working in Agile/Scrum environments (22 years SDLC). 20+ years Domestic/International Team (including Vendor) management. VMWare ESX and ESXi, SaaS, Cloud Based, and Hosted Applications, SQL, Telecom, Budgeting and Approval, Agile methodologies (Scrum/Kanban), Localization and Internationalization, Change Management, Collaboration, Internationally Distributed Teams, Cross Platform, ERP Software (Siebel, Yardi),Google Cloud Platform / Google Workspace, Cloud Migration Tools, Security Compliance/Audit, Conflict Resolution, Release Management, SmartSheets, Microsoft Office, OneDrive, Sharepoint, Teams, Azure Devops, Jira, Jira Align, Confluence, Google Workspace
Professional Experience
Averro (On contract to Microsoft), Remote 2021 to 2023
Custom Software Solutions
Change Manager/Program Manager
Working as part of the Microsoft FastTrack Team (implemented in Microsoft Dynamics), focusing on Customer Feedback and Product/Customer support portals.
Part of the process definition for Microsoft FastTrack
Driving successful delivery of technical projects/initiatives from project initiation to completion based on priority.
Knowledge sharing between teams to help eliminate technical deficits.
Anticipate, identify, and work to resolve risks in a timely and cost-effective manner.
Monitoring and auditing access to FastTrack customer data for Privacy and Security purposes
Mentoring and document creation
Data Governance
CodazeN, Hybrid 2020 to 2021
Custom Software Solutions
Senior Project Manager
Fulfilled CSM/PO/PM responsibilities for client projects (internal and as a consultant for social media clients such as Facebook) as part of 4 cross-functional teams - including, but not limited to scoping SOW’s, scheduling and leading scrum ceremonies, client proposals (including POC’s working with the Data Science Team), cost analysis, requirement definition. Applied Agile and Lean methodologies to manage all project phases to deliver custom solutions which included release tracking solutions, corporate website, analytics and machine learning and reporting automation, CRM integration and custom accounting software development.
Created and maintained project plans for projects across the portfolio based on project team inputs to track and communicate the project roadmap, work breakdown structure with regards to budget management, scheduling, resources, quality expectations and procurement plans in cases where an outside vendor was involved.
Heavily involved in process implementation and training
Wellfit - Mission Viejo, CA 2019 to 2020
Dental Billing Software and Integrations
Solution Owner/Scrum Master
Implemented successful Scrum process in Azure Devops. Consistently delivered elevated levels of project visibility to all internal stakeholders through formal milestone checkpoints, dashboards, monthly program reviews and detailed reporting.
Instruct and advise on Agile principles and values.
Azure Devops Configuration for PMO
Agile Analytics
Gather and organize requirements in support of features for integrated Dental tracking/digital payment software.
Coordinated all aspects of the successful software release.
AT&T Entertainment- El Segundo, CA 2017 – 2019
Systems and Set Top Box – Management (Level 2 Manager)
Support changes in corporate ethos during 1.5-year shift from Waterfall methodologies to Scrum/Kanban

Scrum Master and Proxy Product Owner – Premium Entertainment (DirectTV) Integration Team -
Coordinated resurrection of Set Top Box Unit Test Suite and inclusion in CICD system, ensuring that Unit Test regressions were prebuilt and resolved before code could be merged, resulting in 80% fewer build breakages due to bad Pull Requests. Facilitate handling of day-to-day technical discussions, software conflicts and defect triaging to support the requirements of our internal, external, and business stakeholders.
Worked with the Product Owner to define project scope and objectives/divide responsibilities. Maintained communication channel between team, Product Owner, and other teams on the ART to coordinate expectations and dependencies, remove roadblocks, and reduce/manage risk. Created and maintained technical artifacts. Used key Scrum metrics (burndown, velocity) to help deliver committed work. Coordinate all Scrum Ceremonies including Sprint Planning, Daily Standups, Sprint retrospectives, Sprint Demos, Story Grooming, and Release Planning.
Product Owner – Premium Entertainment (DirecTV) System Team
Defined and managed build system improvements resulting in reduction of build times from 6 hours to one. Implementation of CICD for DirecTV Set Top Box product lines. Drive expansion of Open Video CICD (AWS hosted) to include support for new hardware, supporting strategic releases. Collaborate and span the gap between business units to coordinate sharing of tools and systems, addition of efficiencies and business value, and identify cost reductions. Performed feature scoping and gap analysis to validate the direction our development is taking. Worked with sourcing, legal, and vendors to clearly define expectations. Provide transparent plans/proposed solutions for prioritized escalations.
Set Top Box Tools Development Manager - Oversee work of rapidly changing direct and indirect development teams worldwide. Manage, maintain, and champion development and lifecycle for 50+ tools in support of Dev, Test, Field Support and upper management. Created Jira dashboards and other artifacts to support transparency across all teams. Ensured security compliance. Create and maintain project plans and tracking to ensure that the team is consistently on time and at or under budget.

Vendor and contract management in multiple roles, interfacing with sourcing and finance on a regular basis.

ConsultNet - El Segundo, CA 2016 to 2017
Set Top Box Tools
Project Lead for AT&T
Function – Technical Project Manager. Draft and distribute project objectives and tasks to the solutions team. Implement an effective flow process to submit projects for cost approval. Manage resource allocation and cost across multiple projects including tracking resource bandwidth and forecast future availability for scheduling new projects. Internal documentation and wiki improvements. Mitigate risk by identifying, escalating, and resolving issues and conflicts in a timely manner. Develop and maintain project artifacts. Create a system team for revamp of tools and the DirecTV build system.

The Carlyle Group, Inc – West Hollywood, CA 2014 to 2016
Information Technology
Director of IT/Technical Project Manager
Identified key objectives by blending corporate, organizational, and tactical responses to real-time budget constraints. Manage upgrade and support tasks, such as migration of data to the Cloud, upgrade/deployment of new modules of Yardi Voyager (Property Management ERP Software – including Asset Mgmt., Payment Processing, Construction, AR/AP, Residential, Financial Reporting and AP/AR functions) and integration to blend key accounting and property management systems. Selection, coordination and primary interface with hardware and software vendors. Design and implementation of defect tracking system. Rewiring/reconfiguration of network system at corporate office including introduction of upgraded network equipment (Cisco). Implementation of a nationwide networking system and peripheral inventory system. Propose corporate document storage/searching solution.
Implement Office 365 companywide.
Oversee and coordinate daily operations for 40+ sites nationwide.

Educate/Mentor managers nationwide re: processes and procedures and provide insight, training, solutions, and positive feedback and positively influence corporate culture.
MyProgrammer – Remote 2013
Quality
Quality Manager
Tasked with end-to-end revamp of SDLC process. Identification of key priorities by blending corporate, organizational, and tactical responses to meet real time customer needs. Orchestrating QA efforts for multiple projects. Build process Improvement. Provide insight, awareness, and positive support for teams as changes are reviewed and rolled out.
Acted as servant leader to advise on Scrum processes company wide.
Quest Software (known as Dell software between 2012 and 2016) – Aliso Viejo, CA 2006 to 2013
Management - Data Protection and Windows Products
Software QA Engineer Manager II
Enterprise Program Manager for Dell Data Protection ($200 million business unit), assigned to Enterprise products with 50+ direct and indirect Development and Quality Assurance reports worldwide, tasked with fulfilling CSM, PO, and PM roles across multiple teams, and representing those efforts in early versions of Azure Devops
Coordinate worldwide SDLC efforts including production of project plans (define, create plan, execute) that span multiple project lines. Implement Dell-specific, Scrum based, application life-cycle processes for the Business Unit (reconciling Agile and Waterfall milestones). Monitor the effectiveness of leadership development initiatives and report weekly to executive management.
Partner with business unit leaders to implement solutions that support alignment with organizational vision and goals as it relates to their respective regions.
Utilize operational analysis, trending, benchmarking, and metrics to identify operational needs related to team development and coaching. Successfully resolve conflicts involving scheduling, resources, or technical/product issues.
Provide training for staff and contractors (in the United States, Europe, and Asia) and assist other teams in implementing QA workflow and agile methodologies. Act as an agent for change as teams “form, storm, norm, and perform”.
Facilitate communication with Sales and Product Support teams. Breakdown and refining of business requirements.
Develop product release checklist applicable to all products in the business unit. Order and participate in installation of a virtualized (VMWare ESXi) isolation lab in China and selection of test tools (mobile device simulators, etc).
Product Manager (R & D)
Manage product, program and quality assurance programs for Quest Data Protection Business Unit, coordinating worldwide SDLC efforts. Serve in advisory role for QA and general processes as requested by other business units.
Software Manager, Quality Assurance
Manage/coordinate international test team. Monitor, evaluate, and report on test results and milestones to/from all stakeholders. Formulate Quality Control standards (priorities, lab matrices, test case standards) and risk management strategies. Supervise and participate in development of test automation (Ruby/Cucumber/Selenium, and SQL scripts) for Website. API and backend testing, reducing regression test cycle (in this case by 14 days, with a 20% increase in high priority defects found). Create/implement strategies for test creation, execution, and reporting using existing tools (system still in place today).
Effectively reduced the product release cycle by 2-3 team weeks.

Instrumental in implementing agile methodologies and defining process across multiple business units.

Borland (formerly known as Starbase) – Santa Ana, CA 2000 to 2006
Program Management and Quality Assurance
Program/Product Manager
Integral role as Scrum Master for two major project lines during the companywide agile conversion, showcasing a multi-national team to demonstrate the effectiveness of agile methodologies and agile mindset in producing known, shippable product at a consistent velocity.
Write requirements and manage implementation of constructs used in Agile, ALM and SDLC methodologies including production and maintenance of project plans, coordination of multiple worldwide teams spanning two unique product lines – reconciliation of SCM/ALM and Requirements Management using different development methods (agile and traditional) throughout full product life cycles.
Participated in Six Sigma Analysis/adoption.
Develop, track, and design reporting processes for product milestones and risk management for 87+ executables and including 50+ integrations with 3rd party software. Manage beta's and facilitate customer escalations to ensure timely problem resolution. Maintain vendor relationships. Coordinate with legal to negotiate contracts for 3rd party libraries, and to track both Borland product components and 3rd party software inclusion across multiple product lines, ensuring licensing compliance Provided in-house training to Support, QA, and Documentation teams for upcoming product releases. Support cross platform efforts. Drive change management and the agile mindset.
Participated in Six Sigma benchmarking process.
Quality Assurance Lead Engineer
Coordinate efforts between departments to establish quality benchmarks and standards for product families using Agile, waterfall, and hybrid methodologies.
Design standards for implementation of Mercury Test Director/Quality Center.
Manage testing efforts, balancing workload between direct and indirect reports in Singapore, Russia, and the US (including localization and internationalization), to result in almost 24-hour testing.
Tested and led black/gray, and white box efforts across the StarTeam and Calibers product lines for server/client/SDK features with Oracle, SQL, DB2 and Access databases on all supported operating systems (Windows, Solaris, Linux, and OSX). Administered Solaris/Linux labs for the Quality Assurance department.
Primary tester for java/ .NET integrations involving common IDEs and application servers. Develop/maintain/execute test cases to quantify test cycle time frame, coverage, and pass/fail rates. Modify existing automated performance test scripts written in Perl, Solaris/Linux shell.

Over 250 software releases delivered on or prior to deadline and on or under budget.

Certifications
Certified Scrum Master (11/2013 –11/2023) - scrumalliance.org
Certified Novell Administrator
Linux Operating System – California State University Fullerton, Extended Education
Contact this candidate