Experienced Site/QC Engineer - Civil
RAZA ALI
Email: adyq03@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: raza-ali-385249199
Mobile: +974********
Addresses : New salata, Doha Qatar

WORK EXPERIENCE
Total : 10 Years
GCC : 05+ Years

EDUCATION
Diploma in Civil Engineering from Teerthankar Mahaveer University in 2013

PROFILE

Have more than 10 years’ experience in the field of Quality Assurance/Quality Control, Construction Implementation/Supervision in High-rise Residential and Commercial buildings. On site experience as a QC Civil Engineer for construction of high rise building all type of finishing works internal & external, Aluminum & Glass installation including façade. Check/Monitor Bored Piling activities and ensure all works conform to the design and specifications.

KEY QUALIFICATIONS

Construction Site Supervision, Quality Assurance/Quality Control in Commercial and Residential buildings. Familiar with Civil Engineering Codes and Industry Standards, ACI, QCS, BS and IS. An active listener with the ability to focus on Clients requirements. Have work with multi-diversity individuals and able to cope up with any situation. Able to identify and resolved problems and inspire organizational cooperation to achieved goals.

RECENT WORK EXPERIENCE

June 2021 – Present
QC Engineer
HASSANESCO Trading & Contracting W.L.L., Doha Qatar
Client: Qatar Armed Forces
Consultant: James Cubitt
Project Value: 27.42 Million QR
Location: Abu Samra

Project:

-Officers Club, Substation, Water tanks – Abu Samra, Doha

September 2017 – April 2022
QA/QC Engineer
HASSANESCO Trading & Contracting W.L.L., Doha Qatar
Client: SHK. Khalid Hamad Abdullah Jassim Al Thani
Consultant: CEG International
Project Value: 101 Million QR
Location: Onaiza 64 Doha

Project:

- Proposed 88 Villa Complex (88 Villas + 2 Guard Houses + Clubhouse + 3
Swimming Pool + 2 substation) – Dafna, Doha, Qatar.

August 2020 – December 2021
QC Engineer
HASSANESCO Trading & Contracting W.L.L., Doha Qatar
Client: Ministry of Interior Consultant: Dar Al-Handasah Location: Mesaimeer

Project:
- Al Fazaa Head-Quarter (Administration, Office, Patrol & Transport building + Clubhouse + Basement +Swimming Pool + Carwash (Workshop) + Mosque +
2 Substation + 2 Guard House – Mesaimeer, Doha, Qatar. Duties and Responsibilities:
Perform all daily inspection and test of the scope and character necessary to
Achieve the quality of construction required in the drawings and specifications for all works under the contract performed ON or OFF
Review method statement, ITP’s and shop drawings
Performed detailed inspection of rebar, formwork and concrete works.
Witness ground cavity (geophysics) test, plate bearing test, waterproofing membrane test and foundation ground treatment
Monitor site procedures to ensure that the work is in accordance with the design and specifications.
Check/Monitor Bored Piling activities and ensure all works conform to the design and specifications.
Review and check field engineering layout, control works and direct field control works and inspection activities. Initiate and maintain records on test and inspection
Made in the field.
Coordinate with the consultant’s representative and Site In-charge for inspection and meeting about quality problems including closure of Non-Compliance Report.
Report to the Project Manager, control and monitor all activities related to Quality
Taking care of QA/QC documents of the entire project including certificates, calibration, test results, inspection requests, non-compliance reports and site
Instruction/observations, permanent materials delivered and other QA/QC
Documents. Responsible for closure of Non-conformance, NCR and Site
Instruction
Responsible in the quality and workmanship of every activities, thorough knowledge of all phases of engineering construction relating to Civil, Architectural And Structural discipline interfacing the multi-disciplinary operations.
Develop method statement for the activity and Inspection Test Plan and Checklist based on specifications of the project.
Serve as a snagging engineer/coordination responsible for inspection of site condition and construction suitability prior to commencing of work.

Aug. 2013 - Aug. 2017
Site Engineer
M/s Planning and Design Bureau Structural Consultant

Projects:

- Kent RO Factory Building at sector 87 greater Noida, New Delhi, India

Duties and Responsibilities:
Inspect project sites to monitor progress and ensure design specifications as well as safety and sanitation standards are being meet.
Guide managerial and industrial personnel by providing technical advice regarding design, construction, structural repairs, and program modifications.
Oversee all construction, maintenance, and operations activities on project sites.
Liaise with the local authority (where appropriate to the project) to ensure compliance with local construction regulations and by-laws
Plan the work and efficiently organize the plant and site facilities in order to meet agreed deadlines
Resolve any unexpected technical difficulties and other problems that may arise.

Computer Literacy

Proficient in MS office (MS Excel), Word
Proficient in AutoCAD

I hereby declare that the above information is true and correct to the best of my knowledge.

Date: 26-Jul-23 RAZA ALI
Contact this candidate