Engr. CARMELITA F. DEVILLERES
Mobile Phone No. +974-********
Email Address: carmelitafd.26 @gmail.com
Objective:
To be able to contribute to the success and profitability of the company through my effort, expertise, and experiences.
Summary of Qualifications:
• Registered Civil Engineer who:
- has more than 33 years of working experience in Architectural and Civil works including more than 10 years in Doha, Qatar and almost 5 years in Dubai, U.A.E.
- have sufficient knowledge in the field of quality assurance/control of construction works such as multi-purpose stadium and medium to high-rise building projects.
- have deep knowledge in execution of Architectural Finishes for high-end Interior Works of 5-star Hotel Fit-outs, Offices and Multi-purpose Stadium.
- can work under pressure with minimum supervision and make sacrifices to get things done.
- has the initiative to learn, flexible, self-motivated, hardworking, and result-oriented.
- well-experienced in managing team of Site Engineers, supervisors and skilled workers assigned to perform a specific job to complete in each period.
• Ready to travel for factory inspections whenever required.
• Good written and verbal communication skills.
• Holder of Qatar Driving License.
• Proficient in MS Office Applications (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)
• Knowledge in AutoCAD 2012, MS Project 2007 and Computerized Cost Estimate Work Experiences:
Feb. 2022 – Present Midmac / TAV / Taisei Joint Venture Doha, Qatar
Sr. QA/QC Engineer
On-going Project:
• Hamad International Airport Expansion Project
Nov. 2020 – Jan. 2022 UrbaCon Trading and Contracting Doha, Qatar
Sr. QA/QC Engineer – Architectural / Civil Works
Project Handled:
• Design and Build for Al Wajba Palace Main Villa
Doha, Qatar
Sept. 2018 – Nov. 2020 Bojamhoor Trading and Contracting Company Doha, Qatar
Sr. QA/QC Engineer – Architectural / Civil Works
Projects Handled:
• Design and Build for Modification and Additional Works to Existing (27) Schools – Package Three (11) Nos. Schools
• Development of ISF Camp at Duhail Package CPC07d - The Soldiers Mess & Non-Commissioned Officers (NCO) Building Responsibilities:
Preparation of quality assurance documents such as Material submittal, Method Statement, and ITPs.
Conducting reviews for quality assurance documents provided by the sub-contractors prior to submission to consultant for approval.
Conducting snagging and de-snagging inspections with the Consultants and sub-contractors.
Inspect, verify, and document that all materials received for the project are in conformance with the approved submittal, are handled and stored appropriately and are accepted for use in the project.
Preparation of Material Inspection Request for every material delivered on site and submit to consultant for approval.
Ensure work execution is performed according to current and approved Quality Plan, ITP and Method Statement.
Inspection and coordination with the Consultant for Civil and Architectural / Finishing works.
Monitoring and coordination to project Consultant of all NCRs and SDRs for the required corrective action and close-out.
Review revised/as-built drawings provided by the design sub- contractor (outsource) prior to submission to the consultant for approval.
April 2013 – August 2018 AKTOR S. A.
Doha, QATAR
QA/QC Engineer – Architectural / Civil Works
Projects Handled:
• Development of ISF Camp at Duhail Package CPC02
Duration: Jan. 2015 – August 2018
• Al Sadd Multi-purpose Stadium Project / Ali Bin Hamad Al Attiyah Arena
Duration: April 2013 – December 2014
Main Responsibility:
Inspections of all Architectural and Finishing Works, Internal and External.
Inspect and document the daily activities to ensure that works were being constructed in accordance with the established minimum standards and project specifications of the project.
Preparation of Method Statements and ITP (Inspection and Test Plan) for Architectural / Finishing Works.
Review of Quality Assurance documents (Architectural / Finishing Works) submitted by sub-contractor such as Method Statement, ITP and Material Submittal prior to submittal to Project Consultant.
Monitoring, Coordination to Project Consultant and closing of all external NCR’s and QCNs.
Other Responsibilities:
Monitoring / supervision of sub-contractors for Fit-out Works to ensure that they comply to project specifications and standards.
In coordination with others, review Shop drawings and submittals for conformance with project drawings,
specifications, and change directives.
Create, update, and maintain the project specific quality control reports.
Verify and document that all materials received for the project are in conformance with the approved submittal, are handled and stored appropriately and are accepted for use in the project.
Clearly document, correct and re-inspect all non-conformances prior to covering up work.
Provide written daily QC reports that reinforce activities that are being constructed in conformance with each specific project’s established standard and constructively confronts non- conformances to produce the desired outcome in a timely manner.
May 2012 – November 2012 HOTELS & RESORT CONSTRUCTION (HRC) Doha, QATAR
Project Engineer
Project Handled:
• Dukhan Palace Private Spa Project
Main Responsibilities:
Inter-discipline coordination and over-all quality control of the work.
Responsibilities:
To ensure that the project is completed according to project plans and in compliance with the project specifications.
Schedule preparation, pre-planning and resource forecasting for all Fit-out works, MEP works and other technical activities relating to the project.
daily operations of field work activities and organization of sub- contractors.
assistance to Project Manager.
March 2009 – October 2011 TAK Design Consultants Sdn. Bhd. Dubai, U.A.E.
Site Coordinator / QC Engineer
(Interior Design Department – Construction Management Team) Projects Handled:
• The MEYDAN Hotel and MEYDAN GRANDSTAND
Meydan Racecourse, Nad Al Sheba, Dubai, U.A.E.
• Proposed Villa for Mr. Ahmad Al Shaikh
Al Khawaneej 2, Dubai, U.A.E.
Main Responsibilities:
Responsible for all Fit-out Works and Interior Works site administration including but not limited to quality control and technical coordination of all supplied resources/contractor personnel, as well as to fulfill the contractual reporting requirements. General Duties:
Perform Quality Control inspections.
Plans and directs the activities on site.
Generally working with multiple sub-contractors and is responsible for their work.
To ensure that all parties involve are doing their respective jobs and that things are moving along on schedule.
Working alongside Department Heads, Team Leaders and Team members within the same organization to plan the activities or work program.
Support the Team Leader in pro-active, prompt resolution of issues arising during construction.
Expedite RFI responses by the design team:
Conduct required meetings and preparation and issuance of minutes for the same.
Perform other duties that are necessary to ensure that the company’s goal and objectives are attained in accordance with priorities, financial condition, and time requirement. My Main Achievement:
Completed all the Interior Works and handed over to client the Meydan Hotel and Grandstand in time for its grand inauguration on March 23, 2010, during Dubai World Cup 2010.
Jan. 2007 – March 2009 AL HABTOOR Engineering Enterprises Co. (LLC) Dubai, U.A.E.
Finishing Engineer
Projects Handled:
• Grand Millennium Hotel
Dubai Technology and Media Free Zone
• Business Bay Executive Towers (Tower C)
Business Bay, Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai
Responsibilities:
Responsible for planning of executions and finishing works.
Respond with appropriate and necessary levels of construction supervision to provide quality assurance in accordance with contract documents.
Review contractors schedule and monitor construction progress to ensure works are completed exceeding client requirements and expectations.
Troubleshoot and resolve problems relating to quality control aspects.
Advise and assist the sub-contractor on construction procedures.
Submit summary report to Project Manager for evaluation and coordination with the concerned Sub-contractors.
My Main Achievement:
Completed all the Interior Works and handed-over to the Client the Grand Millennium Hotel, which was rated 5-star Hotel. Aug. 2001 – Dec. 2006 Works as Independent Project Manager for
• Mount Sea Grand Resort Project
Cavite, Philippines
• Mr. & Mrs. Allan Dilidili Residence
Cainta, Rizal, Philippines
• Glasprint Enterprises Office, Showroom and Warehouses Quezon City, Philippines
Responsibilities:
Works independently but coordinates closely with the client’s designer.
Services include but not limited to preparation of plans, working drawings and technical details, estimates, specifications, and consultancy.
Engage in over-all supervision of Civil, Architectural, Interior and MEP works which include specialty contractors.
Responsible in scheduling and assigning manpower, procurement and proper usage of materials.
Coordinates the on-going activities of the project with the owner/client, thus preparing the necessary transmittal and correspondence, accomplishment reports, and documentation of collection of payments.
To ensure that all requirements in accordance with plans and specifications are met, and construction methods comply with safety standard practices.
Ensures that projects undertaken are completed to the client’s exact specifications, with the best quality finishes and ahead on target schedule.
My Main Achievement:
Completed all of the above-mentioned projects ahead of the scheduled target date to the client’s satisfaction.
March 1995 – July 2001 G.T. Go Enterprises Inc.
Quezon City, Philippines
Project Engineer cum QC Engineer
The company is one of Land Developers and General Contractors in Philippines. Reporting to Project Manager, I supervised multiple sub- contractors.
July 1991 – Jan. 1995 Riviera Home Improvements, Inc. Quezon City, Philippines
Project Engineer cum QC Engineer
The company is one of the leading Interior Works contractors specializing in Gypsum Board and Gypsum Decorative Cornices Installation and the sole distributor of Boral Australia gypsum board and accessories. Reporting directly to company’s vice-President, I supervised different sites simultaneously.
Jan. 1988 – June 1991 A. Santos Builders
Quezon City, Philippines
Project Site Engineer
Responsibilities:
Engage in supervising different residential and commercial building projects.
Responsible in checking the plans, specifications, and contract documents thereby making the proposed changes as per existing site conditions.
Over-all supervision of Civil, Architectural, Interior and MEP works which include specialty contractors.
Conduct Quality Control inspections.
Conduct materials inspection prior to installation and coordinate with the contractor’s engineers in the proper usage of materials.
Ensure that all requirements in accordance with plans and specifications are met, and construction methods comply with safety standard practices.
Projects Handled:
• Construction of residential units/houses and school buildings
(multi-stories and single floor):
• Interior Works of residential building, shopping mall, coffee shops/restaurants, clinic/beauty centers and commercial offices
(bank, telecom and corporate),
• Hotel Interior Works (Shangri-La EDSA Plaza Hotel, Robinson’s Manila Galleria Suites and Hotel Inter- Continental Manila). My Main Achievement:
Completed all of the above-mentioned projects ahead of the scheduled target date to the client’s satisfaction.
Educational Attainment:
1982 – 1987 Mapua Institute of Technology
Intramuros, Manila, Philippines
• Graduated with the degree of Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering 1978 – 1982 Marikina Institute of Science and Technology Marikina, Philippines
Secondary Diploma
1972 – 1978 Barangka Elementary School
Marikina, Philippines
Primary Diploma
Examination Taken:
CIVIL ENGINEER LICENSURE EXAM 1987 – PASSED
CAREER SERVICE PROFESSIONAL EXAM 1988 – PASSED
Personal Data:
Date of Birth : July 26, 1965
Status : Single
Seminars / Trainings Attended:
• Advanced Project Management
Madras Management Training Institute
Doha, Qatar
August 29, 2014 – October 24, 2014
• Computerized COST ESTIMATE Short Course
Conducted by MICROCADD TECHNOLOGIES
December 11, 2012 – January 29, 2013
• MS PROJECT 2007 Short Course
Conducted by MICROCADD TECHNOLOGIES
November 24 – December 22, 2012
• AutoCAD 2012 Training Course
Conducted by MICROCADD TECHNOLOGIES
January 6 – January 27, 2012
• Project Planning PRIMAVERA 6.0
Zabeel Cultural Institute
Dubai, U.A.E.
November 13, 2008 – February 13, 2009
• COMPUTERIZED CONSTRUCTION PROJECT MANAGEMENT
Conducted by Quality Computer Systems, Inc.
October 20, 1998 – November 24, 1998
• 21st
NATIONAL CONVENTION (Philippine Institute of Civil Engineers, Inc.) held at Philippine International Convention Center November 9 – 11, 1995
References:
• Mr. Panagiotis Michopoulos
Senior Construction Manager
The Royal Commission for AlUla
AlUla, Saudi Arabia
Mobile No. +966-**-*******
• Ma. Clara M. Tan
Personal Assistant to QA/QC Manager
AKTOR S.A.
Mobile No. 55578681
• Engr. Jayson Atienza
QA/QC Engineer
Qatar Energy (formerly Qatar Petroleum)
Mobile No. 31318040
Contact this candidate