Andrew Opoku
adz0qf@r.postjobfree.com *** – *** - ****

Technical Experience Summary:
Over 10 years of experience in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) working as, Business/System Analyst, QA Lead, Project Leader and Quality Assurance Tester in both the Federal government, States, and the private sectors.
Experience in Investment Management, Insurance, Healthcare, and Retail industries with knowledge in Medicare and Medicaid.
Experience with ‘Agile, Waterfall, SAFe and DevOps team environment
Demonstrated experience providing network related automation and test automation.
Experience designing, developing, implementing functional automated tests using an ATDD style approach using tools such as CypressJS/Gherkin/Cucumber/IntelliJ IDE.
Excellent experience performing system testing (e.g., performance testing, 508 compliance testing, regression testing, integration testing, RESTful API testing)
Thorough understanding of API test automation tools like Postman, Jenkins.
Ability to analyze customer needs and develop automated software solutions in an Agile/DevOps environment.
Solid practical understanding building and maintaining continuous integration and continuous deployment (CI/CD) Automation process and execution pipelines.
Independently develop code using networking protocols, create end-user scenarios, and execute tests to verify system functionality.
Expert in maintaining all artifacts in a version-controlled repository using Git/GitHub or a similar tool.
Experience with TestNG/Junit, Xray Test Management, CI/CD Promotion, Jenkins.
Excellent communicator: leveraging technical, business, and financial goals to communicate effectively with client executives and their respective teams.
Detailed-oriented and ability to work in a dynamic and complex environment.
Expert on how to manage and communicate requirements using Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM)
Experience in writing Test strategy, Test cases and executing manual testing and test automation.
Able to work under pressure in a dynamic cross-functional and cross cultural-environment.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Business Modeling Tools
MS Visio, MS office suite, iGrafx Visualization, LUCID Charts, MS Project, Power BI, ANDI (508 Testing)
Process
Agile, Waterfall
Requirements tools
HPALM, IBM DOORS, Excel, Power BI

Databases
MySQL, SYBASE, Asset control, Oracle, Aladdin
Applications
Dynamics CRM, Rational RM, Xray, Asset Control, Postman, Cypress, Selenium Cucumber, IntelliJ IDE, Eclipse, Smartbear

Professional Experience:
Lead Automation Engineer
Dept. of Veterans Affairs (Contractor), Washington DC March 2016 – Present

Responsibilities:
Create, execute and maintain tests/cycles/plans across several web applications and DB/API/Authorization integrations, end-to-end, regression, functional, smoke, test types.
Liaise with the Government POC, PMO, Technical teams in the development of Project operational plans.
Develop and maintain automated, manual tests using Selenium, and Zephyr
Develop and maintain automation tools, data, infrastructure and frameworks to support testing efforts.
Monitors and tracks resolution of defects: Designs, monitors, and analyses quality assurance metrics such as defect, defect counts, test results, and test status.
Document the entire quality assurance testing process in test management tools such as Adaptivity, Jira and communicate the test results to the team constantly.
Perform functional testing on various business components, modules and functionalities.
Support the performance of functional, application, and regression tests.
Oversees other functional Testers and non-functional testers and collaborate with project manager, developers, business analysts and representatives from business units throughout the testing process.

Software Quality Assurance Engineer
Gainwell Technologies - Remote Nov 2015 – March 2016

Responsibilities:
Create, deploy and execute new manual and automated tests which will test newly developed functionality within the systems.
Develop automation and coding infrastructure to ensure that our validation engines can keep up with fast moving code base.
Integrating systems via direct connections and/or Rest application plug-ins
Develop, deploy and maintain scripts so they accomplish their intended function.
Design and develop end-to-end CI/CD and testing workflows to exercise system, integration, and pre-production validations.
Quality Assurance Tester
SYNTEL, Cedar Rapids. IA Jan 2015 – Oct 2015

Responsibilities:
Create and execute manual and automated test scripts that programmatically test the core functionality of existing systems.
Analyze daily test reports, diagnose, and report software bugs utilizing approved procedures following software best practices after identifying issues within the code.
Analyze daily test reports, diagnose, and resolve any bugs uncovered with the actual automated test cases.
Maintaining current knowledge of standard QA practices and operational requirements

Quality Assurance Analyst
Credit-Suisse, Raleigh.NC Jan 2013- Dec 2014

Responsibilities:
Develops, publishes, and implements quality assurance standards and corresponding test plans.
Identifies, organizes, and tracks defect fixes using Jira tracking tools.
Develops test procedures, tests execution, and tests report outputs per plan and schedule.
Assumes ownership across multiple projects, concurrently.

Mobile App Tester
FedEx, Irving. TX Nov 2011 –Dec 2012

Responsibilities:
Analyze scopes of work to determine and guide us in appropriate acceptance criteria.
Performed complex SQL queries against databases.
Actively participated in application testing
Coordinated testing with other members of the QA team.

Education:
BSc Accounting – Strayer University.

Certification:
Project Management Professional (PMP)
Certified Scrum Master (CSM)
ITIL Foundation, V3.
ISTQB Software Tester Certification: Certified Tester Foundation Level (CTFL)

Clearance:
Public Trust
Contact this candidate