Scott G. Wade
*** ****** **
Evans, GA *****
706-***-****
adz4hg@r.postjobfree.com

CIVIL CONSTRUCTION MANAGER
Site Management / Construction Supervision / Estimating / Contract Negotiation / Bidding / Contractor Relations /Commercial / Civil / Utilities / Industrial / Office / GDOT Project Management

Core Competencies Include:

The development of strategic planning consistent with stakeholders and corporate initiatives. Engages personnel to perform their activities in a manner to safely execute projects. Drives strategy execution to address project needs, ensuring that they are addressed to meet expected outcomes based on safety and scheduled deliverables.

Leads all facets of the business, including Construction, Project Controls, Quality Assurance, Procurement, Business Development, Bids and Proposals, Human Resources, Safety and Accounting.

Direct involvement in all significant issues. Leads, coaches and mentors the project team. Assures prompt and effective resolution of challenges. Develops solid trustworthy relationships with clients and contractors that all attribute to the successful execution of the project.

Career History
2021 – Present
Constructing Indian Point Energy Center ISFSI pad for the HI-STORM FW System
oThe HI-STORM FW System is a canister-based storage system that is licensed by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) for storage of spent nuclear fuel.
Excavation and backfill with engineered fill to place ITS (Important to Safety) rebar and concrete for ISFSI pad
Managing decommissioning efforts at the station that includes building modifications/ demolition of existing structures

Installation of new security features for HI-Storm FW System
-CAS building
-PA modifications for dry fuel storage

2019-2021

Construction Manager- Holtec International
Constructing Oyster Creek Generating Station ISFSI pad for the HI-STORM FW System
oThe HI-STORM FW System is a canister-based storage system that is licensed by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) for storage of spent nuclear fuel.
Excavation and backfill with engineered fill to place ITS (Important to Safety) rebar and concrete for ISFSI pad
Managing decommissioning efforts at the station that includes building modifications/ demolition of existing structures
Installation of new security features for HI-Storm FW System

Georgia Power Company - Project Manager – Vogtle Units 3 & 4
2018-2019
Work as Project Manager for the Owner/ oversite team for the Unit 3 Nuclear Island and Balance of Plant construction groups
Provide historical knowledge of site conditions/ commodity installations performed since site work began in 2009
Provide guidance to improve procedural requirements that help increase productivity and obtain the desired schedule and cost adherence
Develop Vogtle Construction Monitoring Reports for the Public Service Commission
Monitor Contractor for schedule and cost performance
Work with site management/ Contractors to facilitate the installation of security features for integration with Units 1 & 2 leading to initial fuel load
NI Construction Coordinator – Southern Nuclear Co.
2017-2018

Monitor the day to day activities of the contractor for procedure adherence and code compliance regarding the installation of various civil construction attributes for Unit 3 Containment Building.
oConstruction Coordinator for installation of the East and West Steam Generators, and installation of the Pressurizer for Unit 3
Monitoring FME of CA01 vessel walls for FE/QC inspections
Coordinating installation of Top Cap plates for the Steam Generator and Pressurizer cubicles
Scheduling the outfitting of CA01 walls with CB&I Services
Managing sub-contract activities for Envirovac, Inc. This includes work on various fronts to facilitate the cleaning and pressure washing for FE/QC inspections prior to concrete placement.

Holtec International - Construction Manager
2015-2017
Project manager, facilitating the construction of a UMAX facility, to store spent fuel at San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station.
Establish a culture to emphasize nuclear and industrial safety
Placement of ITS (Important to safety) rebar and concrete
Developed planning and scheduling with site team to facilitate construction activities
Conflict resolution
Coordination of site personnel and contractors
Maintain Quality control and procedure adherence for construction activities
Compile required documentation for deliverables to the client

Chicago, Bridge & Iron (CBI), Waynesboro, GA
Construction Superintendent, 2012 – 2015
Promoted to serve as liaison between CBI and sub-contracting companies. Managed all aspects of various contracts for the permanent buildings at Vogtle 3 & 4.
Quality Assurance/Quality Control. Implemented unannounced inspections to ensure all objectives were accomplished with high quality and within established time frames and budget.
Worked with Field Engineers to ensure that the applicable ACI/ ASTM codes were adhered to during field installation activities. (ACI 349, 117 and 318)
Authored and implemented standard operating procedures that reinforced safety and significantly improved overall operations efficiency.

Shaw Group
Site Development Superintendent,
2009 – 2011
Hired to oversee all operations associated with the establishment of a fully functional foundation for a Nuclear Power Plant. Completed the engineered designed excavation and backfill of Nuclear Islands 3 & 4 including the construction of the MSE walls to form the islands.
Coordinated efforts for these activities by directing Field Engineers and QC personnel per requirements of the work package and procedures.
Developed procedures/protocol that maximized employee production rate and optimized safety while increasing deliverables.
Meticulous record keeping, generated detailed reports reflecting overall project
engineering, production, and accounting milestones.
Successfully orchestrated logistical transport of material with minimal effect impact on traffic patterns.
Developed maintenance program that reduced “down-time” and maximized equipment performance.

Georgia Department of Transportation
Construction Project Manager - 2002 – 2009
Provided leadership, vision, and direction to a team responsible for conducting 7 inner-city infrastructure projects, totaling over $250M. Renegotiated contracts to resolve critical issues to avoid costly delays.
Efforts and achievements recognized and awarded by Georgia State Commissioner.
Orchestrated the redesign of a retaining wall, resulted in over $800k in savings and significant decrease in project completion time.
Redesigned streets and structures.
Managed construction work hours to ensured positive, conducive traffic flow to minimize the impact to the traveling public.

Education

Bachelor of Science – Civil Engineering
OSHA 30 – Construction Safety and Health
Contact this candidate