Mahmoona (Saira) Rahim
Status: US Citizen
Email: adzasn@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 703-***-****

Professional Summary
Results driven Quality Assurance Analyst with 8+ years of Professional experience in Software Quality Assurance with a good understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) for 3 tier applications.
Certified with the Scrum Alliance as CSM (Certified Scrum Master) with proficiency in understanding the Scrum methodologies and concepts.
Actively participated in and familiar with Agile-Scrum events: Sprint Planning, Poker Planning, Capacity Planning, Daily Standups, Sprint Refinement, Sprint Retrospectives meetings and discussed project related deliverables, lessons learned, setbacks with Agile team members.
Extensive experience in reviewing Business Requirement Documents, Wireframes, Design Docs, and preparing Test Plans, Test Scenarios/Cases and executing the same in Micro Focus ALM/Jira.
Experience in conducting Smoke Testing/Functional Testing /Regression Testing to verify if all the GUI components are working as per the business requirements.
Well proficient in ensuring all the acceptance and exit criteria as per the Testing strategy is met and covered while executing the test scenarios and test cases.
Proficient in defect life cycle management using HP ALM/Jira for defect creation, modification, tracking and reporting.
Familiar with back-end database testing using SQL queries for Oracle 11g Database for ensuring accurate data validation.
Well versed in documenting, updating Test Plan and customized test reports like Defect Summary, Sprint Summary, Non-Issue, Weekly Status- Reports to QA Lead and Project Manager.
Ability to respond to pre-prod/production issues within the given timeline working in a fast-paced Agile environment.
Excellent analytical, written, and verbal communication skills with an ability to work under minimal supervision.
Testing Coordination Skills
Conducted Integration testing, Regression testing, Smoke Testing, Round-Trip testing, Cut-over testing.
Involved in end-to-end testing process for clinical workflow
Review and approve test cases
Advanced level user of Powerchart, very comfortable with adding orders, labs, prescriptions, patient history, radiological exams, radiological imagery.
Very familiar with powerforms and pre-requisites required for completion.
In-dept understanding of Revenue Cycle and its components starting with registration, patient in-take, coding, insurance, scheduling, billing up to balancing the account receivable ledgers.
Scheduling the effort of data preparation workflow testing and interface testing teams.
Technical Skills
Operating Systems: Windows XP,10, UNIX, Linux
IDE & Tools: HP ALM, Jira, SOAP UI, REST API
Other Applications: MS Office, MS Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, Outlook
Education
Master of Business Administration - Concentration in Project Management, University of Arkansas Grantham, Little Rock, AR, 2022
Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, Strayer University, Alexandria, VA, 2015
Certifications & Training
Certified Scrum Master (CSM) - Scrum Alliance, May 2023
Project Management Professional (PMP) – Classes May 2023 – June 2023
Project Management Professional (PMP) – Registered Exam date – September 4, 2023
Clearance (Level, Agency, Active or Inactive): DoD (Public Trust) Active
Professional Experience

Computer Task Group May 2023 – Present
Testing Coordinator
Client: Methodist Le Bonheur Healthcare
Coordinate Windows 11 Application Testing.
Initiate and coordinate testing process for Epic.
Create, track and execute Epic testing.
Report testing status for Epic.
ASRC, Greenbelt, MD Oct 2022 – April 2023
Project Manager Testing & Evaluation
Client: Department of Defense (DoD)
Project: DOD Healthcare Management System Modernization (DHMSM)
Responsibilities:
Responsible for maintaining the Microsoft Project Schedule and tracking testing schedules.
Providing administrative support for activities across JOMIS Test & Evaluation, including scheduling meetings, planning agendas.
Writing and distributing meeting minutes.
Prepare Customer Relationship Management (CRM) reports for upper management regarding status of project.
Develop reporting and communicate status of project status and risk.
Monitor project progress continuously and make detailed scheduled reports on measurable items.
Support Government clients with top-down project management throughout the entire product and project life cycle.
Identify and mitigate any potential issue that may impact the deliverables.
Provide administrative support for JOMIS for Test & Evaluation WIPTs and legacy projects.
Provide testing events and schedule updates to PEO, JOMIS, and stakeholders.
Review product management documentation and generating/tracking related milestones.
Facilitate daily scrum stand ups, backlog refinement, sprint planning, sprint reviews.
Communicate to all levels of the organization on project progress and status.
Facilitate Working-level Integrated Product Team Meetings (WIPTs).
Utilized appropriate risk management methodologies to support client requirements.
Microhealth LLC Jun 2019 – Oct 2022
Portfolio Test Lead
Client: Department of Veteran Affair
Project: EHRM-IO
Responsibilities:
Responsible for front line management of 4-5 Quality Assurance Testers including Cerner Millennium training, test scheduling and progress monitoring.
Monitor daily testing activities for the test portfolio to ensure daily deliverables are timely submitted.
Manage the day-to-day project activities and resources and participate in project management team meetings.
Coordinate and communicate with team members across all technical and business backgrounds such as developers and vendors.
Oversee the test planning, development, and implementation of test events.
Participate Portfolio Test Leads’ meeting to improve overall testing activities.
Participated and contributed with Cerner partners, developers, and solutions experts in design session reviews.
Design, implement and conduct test and evaluation procedures to ensure system requirements are met.
Develop, maintain, and upgrade test scripts and architectures for application products.
Participate in daily Scrum meetings, sprint review meetings, and executive reviews with client for executive demonstrations of successful sprints.
Review and approved test cases
Provide regular testing progress reports to executives.
Contribute to the development, reviewing, and maintaining of contract deliverables.
Communicate effectively both written and verbally with clients and stakeholders.
Effectively contribute to technical discussions
Provide weekly and monthly reports describing activities accomplished and ongoing activities.
Verify the HL7 messages in back- end environment.
Involved in end-to-end testing process for clinical workflow and configuration of Multiple Cerner Millennium Solutions (such as PowerChart, and RevCycle.)
Execute functional, regression, integration, back-end, and complete end-to-end testing of web applications.
Perform web service validation integration testing between various BUs (Business Units).
Create inpatient clinical data for test patient in interface applications and verifying patient’s medical data.
Perform negative and positive testing to assess various input data formats.
Verify patient medical record in XML and JSON file.
Use HP ALM Quality Center for bug tracking and as the test repository for executing the test cases and scripts.
Participate in workflow requirement analysis.
Nolij Consulting Oct 2014 – Jun 2019
Quality Assurance Analyst
Client: Department of Defense
Project: Health Data Application
Responsibilities:
Performed Manual Testing of front end such as Functional, performance, GUI, and multi browser testing.
Utilized Jazz tool to create and execute test cases, create defects, link defects to test cases, create requirements, set up releases and cycles, run reports.
Participated with the team developing BRD FRD and SRD documents for the product.
Developed and reviewed test plan, test cases and traceability Matrixes
Developed backend test items list for the team to conduct the testing.
Designed test performance plans as required by the client for ensuring the development process was carried out according to plan.
Performed Integration Testing, System Testing and Regression Testing, and Performance testing for MHS GENESIS.
Performed capacity testing to ensure the determined number of users can access the product.
Extensively used Jazz for defect management
Attended meetings with DOD clients to discuss project challenges and resolutions.
Developed testing strategies and conducted test analysis.
Retained experience in data analysis and problem solving with large quantities of data.
Worked on CHCS for entering in patient’s data entry.
Experienced in 508 Compliance testing.
Used Armed Forces Health Longitudinal Technology Architecture (AHLTA) and Composite Healthcare System (CHCS) to exchange clinical data to provide services to Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) and DoD facilities.
Performed daily Interface test for HAIMS, Essentris, TMDS, and TOL data.
Tested Joint Legacy Viewer (JLV) to provide an integrated, read-only display of health data from the DoD.
Contact this candidate