TRAVELL SMITH
San Diego, CA *****
619-***-**** adzbq1@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/travell-smith-632868203

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Results-driven Operations and Project Manager and Navy Veteran with over 20 years of experience leading multiple high-volume, complex, concurrent projects, and programs. Adept at leading cross-functional teams in a dynamic, fast-paced environment. Skilled in leading organizational change management activities, Operations Management, Training & Development, Process Improvements, Personnel Management, Business Change, Organizational Leadership, Work Environment Analysis, and Quality Assurance. Possess strong networking and communications skills seeking to leverage expertise to enable workforce management challenges and requirements. Active Secret Security Clearance.

Operations Management
Cross-Functional Leader
Asset Protection

Problem Solving
Interagency Collaboration
Policy Implementation

Team Management
Data Analysis
Schedule Management

OVERVIEW OF KEY CONTRIBUTIONS

Cross-Functional Leadership – Created and managed statement of work documents by collaborating with internal and external stakeholders to align with the vision of the organization to promote schedule, budget, and completion of the task.
Organizational Design Process Improvement – Assessed critical organizational issues and designed strategic plans to enhance overall performance. Used organizational skills, attention to detail, strategic thinking, flexibility, creativity, and resourcefulness to promote opportunities for improved organizational efficiency and implementation.
Training and Development – Demonstrated versatility, innovation, and management skills. Skilled at seeing the “big picture” while focusing on the details through the entire process. Demonstrated ability to assimilate new ideas, concepts, methods, and technologies.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Program/Department Manager, Afloat Training Group San Diego, USN 2012 – Present
San Diego, California, USA
Managed 31personnel in the strategic planning, development, execution, and operation of a critical organizational change demand from executive leadership redesigning a large 270 personnel department with complex programs, specialized in civilian transition, Navy reintegration, administration of government regulations, training and assessment.
Led change strategy and implementation efforts across multidisciplinary divisions which included, professional development, safety, risk management, and compliance.
Influenced senior stakeholders within a mixed matrix organization on best practices and SOPs (standard operating procedures) while defining the project scope, goals and deliverables.

Program Manager/ Current Operation Chief, Naval Special Warfare Command, USN 2014 – 2018
Coronado, California, USA
Lead military consultant on the road mapping, development, and execution of high priority operations and personnel management programs, providing strategic support to senior stakeholders and executive leadership, achieved successful implementation providing valuable real-time oversight to support mission decisions.
Hand selected to collaborate with a development team on a wall-to-wall program solution utilizing common format across all military branches, sharing qualification data, sourcing information, readiness, and operation location.
TRAVELL SMITH PG. 2

Program Manager continues.
Managed consolidated and briefed detailed strategic operations for global teams to include 10 coalition nations at 13 bases across 5 geographical locations, that defined performance goals, mission scope, and execution plans.
General Military Training Program Manager: Created clearly understandable and actionable success criteria, objectives, and requirements and that led to a 94% training compliance and inspections rating of 100%
Trained 83 Deployment Report Managers across 38 departments that accounted for 1,332 personnel across 49 countries.
Administered policy and wrote instructions that assured compliance with standard guidelines and regulatory requirements while tracking risks and issues to determine response plan.
Developed and maintained relationships with executive stakeholders and coalition nation partners while providing situational awareness for effective decision making, rapid tactical actions, and proactive mission execution.
Battle tracked 110 unilateral tactical combat operations leading to 268 captured enemy made IEDs, 26 Weapons, 575 cell phones, 472 planning documents, and 113 personnel on a watch list.

Quality Assurance Manager, USS Benfold (DDG-65), USN 2013 – 2014
San Diego, California, USA
Led a 10-person team on $65M maintenance and technology overhaul.
Personally conducted and supervised over 800 vital checkpoints and 1,000 product verifications.
Primary liaison for Ships Building Specialist and stakeholder engagements, maintained scope timelines and resource management.
Enforced procedural compliance, coordinating 276 safety walkthroughs with zero mishaps throughout the project lifecycle.
Enforced procedural and safety compliance resulting in “zero” personnel work related accidents.

CERTIFICATIONS EDUCATION

Scrum Master Certification Learn Quest
Agile Leadership Specialization Colorado University
Project Management Professional Star 6 Sigma Leadership
Google Project Management Specialist Google
Lean Six Sigma Master Black Belt Council for Six Sigma Certification
Lean Six Sigma Black Belt Council for Six Sigma Certification
Supply Chain Management Specialist Rutgers University

High School Diploma

Specialized Military Training:
Senior Leadership Course Navy Operations Specialist Course System Operator Course

NOTABLE AWARDS

Meritorious Service Medal
Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medal Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal
Contact this candidate