SAAD YOUNAS
+92-304-*******, +92-310-*******, adzc2u@r.postjobfree.com 211 Shinkiari Road Mohallah Khan Bahadur Mansehra KPK Pakistan
PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
“Skilled and experienced professional seeing to join a new environment and contribute to its success using my expertise” Hard Skills
Project Estimating
Preparing Bill of Quantity
Construction management
Quality Assurance at site
Proficiency in Concrete Construction
Municipal Design
Monitor Work Progress.
Preparing 2D, drawings
Follow local building regulations, knowledge of
safety standards and procedures.
Commercial experience, construction experience
or industrial experience
Budgeting and Cost Control
Team Management
Soft Skills
Critical thinking skills
Decision-making skills
Attention to detail
Research skills
Creating invoices
Developing project plans and budgets
Performing cost estimates
Keeping written records or documentation
regarding projects
Time management
Negotiation skills
Setting priorities
Active listening skills
Verbal communication skills
Written communication skills to draft diagrams or project records
Displaying professionalism and tidiness during
work
CAREER SUMMARY
Site-Engineer (Civil) – FAM Constructions – Pakistan Aug-2014 – Aug-2017
Supervised the work done by employees and sub-contractor and monitored the quality of construction work.
Guided subordinate personnel in the performance of the project.
Studied job specifications to determine appropriate construction methods and related costs.
Prepared contracts and negotiated revisions, changes and additions to contractual agreements with architects, consultants, clients, suppliers and sub-contractors.
Prepared Bill of quantities.
Worked closely with technical staff to ensure high-quality work at project site.
Responsible for the supervision and management of construction activities of the project in particularly in compliance with quality, production and time schedule.
Responsible for the logistics (materials, manpower and equipment) support of the project as well as frequent close coordinate with the clients and customers.
Maintain records at job site including records of all contracts shop drawings, samples, purchases, sub- contractors, materials, equipment, applicable codes, permits, and other pertinent papers.
Update the allover schedule and other programs network control.
Maintain cost accounting of all expenses including changes orders.
Supervising and communicating with sub-contractors and issuing instructions to work.
Liaising with clients and their representatives and attending meetings to keep them informed of progress, Ensuring that all the materials used and work performed are as per specifications.
Prepared 2D drawings.

Sub-Engineer (B&R)– Civil Works Organization Nov-2017 – Present
Manage the operations and constructions of multiple project sites.
Prepared project estimate.
Prepared Bill of quantities.
Processing contractor’s payments.
Provided technical and professional engineering support services in design.
Manage and co-ordinate all site activities to ensure smooth project implementation with in schedule and quality.
Continuously monitoring project to ensure any work done to follow the specification and requirements.
Report to the Project Manager on the progress of works, resource utilization, and manpower status.
Attend department meetings to view project progress, schedule and cost incurred to date.
Discussed and resolve any technical issue highlighted in site meeting.
Identify environmental risks and developed strategies for handling them on each project.
Prepared 2D drawings.
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION
Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech Civil)
Preston University Karachi.
Diploma of Associate Engineering (Civil)
Board of technical education Peshawar.
FSC (Computer Science)
Board of intermediate and secondary education Abbottabad.
Secondary School Certificate (Science)
Board of intermediate and secondary education Abbottabad. ADDITIONAL QUALIFICATION
Certificate in AutoCAD 2D & 3D – INFRA Professional Training Center, DHA Karachi.
Certificate in Advance Excel – Al-Saudia Computer Club Software & Hardware, Karachi REFERENCE
Fahad Younas – Manager Internal Audit +92-313-******* Zubair Feeds Pvt Ltd, Rawalpindi, Pakistan
Shahzaib Ali – DPA (ATIR,Khi) +92-335-*******
Ministry of Law & Justice, Government of Pakistan
Atiq Ur Rehman – Sub Engineer (B&R) +92-304-******* Civil Works Organization, Government of Pakistan
Contact this candidate