Cleburne, Texas *****
254-***-****
adzeqh@r.postjobfree.com
ANDY HESSON
PROFILE
Energetic leader promotes 29 years of industry experience with superior record of accomplishment. Ambitious and highly motivated Production manager surpassed demanding objective and achieves their exceed set goals. Skilled production manager versed in schedule, inventory, and team management. Talent for purchasing an administration of production operations. Offers extensive experience in manufacturing and production environments. Proactive production manager successful at anticipating needs and making adjustment to scheduled materials and workflow. Ready to bring expertise to the company needing hands on knowledge and resourceful leader.

EXPERIENCE
PRODUCTION MANAGER

Age Industries/Cleburne Texas 01-1993- Current
Resolve issues quickly to maintain productivity goals.
Manage continuous improvement initiative to drive gains in quality, flow, and output.
Reviewed work for quality and compliance with company standards and design specifications
Standard as production procedures, job rolls and quality assurance guidelines.
Assist manufacturing processes and recommend Improvements to increase productivity
Addressed personal issues and scheduling conflicts promptly
Directed key personnel and correct production techniques to achieve required quality
Sourced materials to keep up with production goals and meat customer and demands.
Created string one production schedules and collaborated with production employees to communicate objective goals
Revitalized operational structures and procedures to successfully control turnover and waste, enhanced output and boost overall quality
Implemented quality improvement changes to minimize product defect rates

ACHIEVEMENTS HIGHLIGHTS
Contract Review and Negotiation. Review and negotiate business agreements, including multi-channel distribution, manufacturing, software and service, IP and licensing.

EDUCATION
1984
COPPERAS COVE HIGH SCHOOL, COPPERAS COVE, TEXAS

SKILLS & INTERESTS
Skills
Production problem resolution
Production order review
Product planning
Staffing requirement determination
Production schedule review
Production oversight
Process operations review
Verbal and written communication
Raw materials examination
Inventory control programs
Logistics management
Maintenance inspections
Schedule management
Equipment operation
Workflow management
Team training
Ocean regulations
Forklift operation
Team management
Equipment installation
Equipment maintenance
Preventative maintenance program
Mechanical maintenance
Employed performance reviews
Contact this candidate