Gregory S. Ruminer
***** ****** **.
Kansas City KS 66109
adze92@r.postjobfree.com 913-***-****

Qualification Summary:
Navy Submarine Veteran with more than 29 years’ experience in the Maintenance industry, Program and Project Management, Asset management, Reliability and Production Control involving the planning, management and repair and testing of precision calibration equipment, Air systems, hydraulic, freshwater, seawater, air conditioning/refrigeration systems and pumping systems. Holds an MBA with an emphasis in Project Management. A commended Safety, Quality Assurance, and maintenance SME with a proven record of success, integrity, and professionalism in the industrial across operational environments. Has a history of increasing productivity and organization while possessing a wealth of capabilities across various disciplines with superior results.

Areas of Expertise:

Project Management Management Skills Capital Planning
Mechanical Theory FMEA Mechanical Troubleshooting
Leadership Customer Service Continuous Improvement
Operations Quality Assurance/Control High Pres. Nitrogen Systems
Conflict Resolution Preventative Maintenance Root Cause Analysis (RCA)
Professional Development Analytics Maintenance Planning
Tag-Out/Lock-Out Systems Hazardous Material Manager High/Low Pres. Hydraulic Systems
Occupational Safety and Health Pumps and Valves High/Low Pres. Air Systems
Diesel Engines Manufacturing Critical System Oversight
Technical Research Refrigeration Systems High Pres. Oxygen Systems
Counseling Time Management Trainer/Instructor
Active Listening Communication Budget Management
ISO-55001 ISO-9001 Key Performance Indicators
Problem Solving Adaptability Prioritization

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Trimark Hockenbergs / Lenexa KS 4/2022-8/2023
Senior Project Manager

Coordinates projects from inception to installation while maintaining sensitivity to the clients' budgets while maximizing the core functionality of the products built and project deliverables. Maintains a strong prioritization skillset having allowed the team to complete projects on tight timelines. Serves as the main point of contact for the client. Responsible for managing complex projects from when the sale is made through the final delivery and support of the product. Relied on to explain intricacies of the product timeline and technical aspects to stakeholders. Formulates decisions of where to allocate all developer resources on a daily and weekly basis. Provide clients with regular education about the process.

Graduate Student 3/2021-4/2022
MBA / Project management

Full Time Graduate Student attending Columbia Southern University in pursuit of an MBA with an emphasis on Project Management. Graduated April 2022

Delaco Steel / Kansas City MO 7/2020-2/2021
Maintenance Manager / Plant Superintendent

Senior Department Manager, Assistant Plant Manager- Led a startup of a 168,000 square foot Steel stamping and manufacturing facility while managing the commissioning of an 800-ton press line. Coaches, trains, and develops the maintenance department within the Kansas City Business Unit. Plans, tracks, and develops planned maintenance strategies to eliminate equipment failure and reduce time. Conducts a Monthly Joint Review (MJR), with the management team, reviewing operational accomplishments, Key Performance Indicators (KPI) and opportunities for development. Provides oversight for budget development and execution for all capital planning. Responsible for Financial Management to Measure, track and perform on-going analysis to ensure process and financial objectives are met within the plant. Communicates, implements, and measures performance against all corporate initiatives to include Planned Maintenance, Continuous improvement projects, Plant Safety Program, Failure Mode Effects Analysis (FMEA) and Project Management.

CAI / Commissioning Agents / Indianapolis IN 11/2018-12/2019
Asset Management and Reliability Engineer, Maintenance SME, Project Manager

Project Manager / Mechanical Engineer- Responsible for the documentation of procedures, tracking, auditing of Spare parts for over 750 controlled drain valves to include Maintenance Planning and procedures. Developed protocols for documentation scheduling. Coordinates with external entities to ensure continued operations and reliability of assets while Maintaining compliance with EPA regulations. Identified parts and developed maintenance procedures for pharmaceutical piping and aseptic valves for 750 separate systems and the review and the continuous improvement of over 100 Blueprint drawings critical to projects to include parts procedures and maintenance plans. Project Manager for Critical “One Valve Away” EPA regulatory compliance, Merck. Asset Management, maintenance SME and Blueprint coordinator for Drug Substance Intermediate Pharmaceutical projects critical systems. Project Manager for Lockout/tagout project at Bluebird Bio using ISO 55001 methodology. Adherence to TPM and lean manufacturing as Reliability Engineer manager at Boehringer Ingelheim developing key maintenance scheduling and planning. Established Instrument and maintenance Calibration Program as Director of Xellia Pharmaceuticals.

Shawnee Mission School District, Shawnee Mission KS 6/2016-11/2018
Naval Science Instructor/Teacher

Taught and mentored 136 High School students with the Naval Science curriculum emphasizing citizenship and leadership development while motivating creativity, Taught Naval topics such as the fundamentals of naval operations, seamanship, navigation, and meteorology. Classroom instruction is augmented throughout the year by community service, academic, athletic, drill and orienteering competitions. Improved NROTC Scholarship acceptance by 40%. Planned, budgeted, and managed unit events as an Ambassador for the US Navy and school district.

Toyota Bodine Aluminum, Jackson TN 5/2015 – 6/2016
Production Group Leader/ Project Manager

Responsible for performing the planning and coordination for budget management, continuous improvement projects, maintenance activities, supervised a team of over 40 team members’ activities on a day-to-day basis. Coordinated and/or participated in safety, quality, delivery, and cost improvement projects. Supervised work instruction documentation and procedural guidelines for 8 separate production lines, 16 Die Cast Machines. Maintained 4-cylinder engine block manufacturing quality above established standards on a continuous basis and supported launches of new engine products. Trained and developed team members and supervisors for the next level of responsibility. An Innovator and problem solver with an emphasis on continuous improvement with a Strict adherence to safety and quality requirements using ISO methodology for quality management systems.

United States Navy 10/1992 - 4/ 2015
Maintenance Manager / Quality Manager /Planner / State Area Manager / NROTC Supervisor, Project Manager

Managed the operations for mechanical systems to include Hydraulic systems, Emergency Diesel Engine, air systems, HVAC, sanitary systems, freshwater, and all associated equipment. Lead trained and mentored a maintenance team of 50 plus people in operations, maintenance, qualifications, and career development. Ensured the strictest compliance with regulatory standards, quality assurance and controlled material. Oversaw the project management of Asset Management, Planned maintenance, and mechanical history for 1000 separate pieces of equipment. Managed critical Quality Assurance programs ensuring operational commitments and strict adherence to ISO and Navy program compliance. Project manager for the preparation and execution of over 2500 formal and controlled work packages for the Atlantic and Pacific Submarine Fleet outlined in Sub-Safe, level 1 and Scope of Certification. Coordinated extended maintenance periods and scheduling for over 250,000 Navy and civilian man-hours, ensuring all operational commands-maintained system certification and performed their mission with 1st time quality results reducing man hours and saving the government millions of dollars in expenses. Increased productivity and reduction in work stoppages, decreasing number of recordable safety violations. Provided guidance and problem solving to executive management for maintenance, repairs and personnel matters. Maintenance Planner and Master maintenance mechanic, specialized in Diesel Engines, Oxygen Generation plants, Hydraulic and Pneumatic systems, Fluid pumps, and Valve systems.
Supervised 50 personnel, coordinating all recruiting and sales activities for the South Florida Region. Analyzed competition and market trends to institute required Change Management generating public relations in the region. Responsible for the supervision of over 3 million dollars of property.

RELEVANT EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science (BS) Occupational Safety and Health, May 2013
Columbia Southern University

Master of Business Administration / Project Management Apr 2022
Columbia Southern University

TRAINING AND CERTIFICATIONS

NFPA-70 Certification, Kansas City KS, August 2021
OSHA-10 Hour Certification, Kansas City KS, August 2021
CES-4 Precision Maintenance Course, Nashville TN, August 2021
CAI Project Management course, Indianapolis IN, May 2019
CAI Asset Management and reliability certification, Indianapolis IN, Jan 2019
Certified Auxiliary systems Project manager, Kings Bay, GA, 2011
Certified Quality Assurance Supervisor, Kings Bay, GA, 2010
Certified Assistant Quality Assurance Officer, Bangor, WA, 2006
Journeyman Hydroelectric Machinery Mechanic, U.S. Department of Labor, (4000 Hours) 2006
Certified Ocean Engineering Maintenance Supervisor, Bangor, WA, 2002
Certified Quality Assurance Planner, Bangor WA, 2000
Certified as a Quality Assurance Craftsman, Inspector, Controlled Material Inspector and handler, Bangor, WA, 1995
Graduated Electrolytic Oxygen Generator School, Bangor, WA.1997
Graduated Submarine Advanced Diesel Maintenance School, Bangor, WA.1997
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Certificate for Processing CFC/HCFC Refrigerants, Bangor WA, 1996 (8 hours)
Certified as an Oxygen Clean Worker and Handler for Quality Systems, Bangor, WA, 1996
TS/SCI CLEARANCE
Contact this candidate