Kevin Baer
adznv3@r.postjobfree.com
619-***-****
Professional Summary
●Experienced team leader with 8+ years in Program Management, Leadership, Training, Scheduling, and Planning.
●High level competency with Microsoft Projects, Excel, and Outlook.
●9 years USN and 4 years shipbuilding experience.
Work Experience

Eastern Shipbuilding Group May 2021 to Present
Shipbuilding Project Coordinator II
●Formulate and maintain project schedules to establish and maintain milestones.
●Drive production, engineering, and various subcontractors to keep tasking within schedule and under budget in order to make milestones.
●Coordinate with contractors and vendors and supplementing internal resources for projects as assigned by the Hull manager.
●Provide administrative and analytical metrics to the Hull Manager by preparing project forecasting, tracking, and evaluation mechanisms, and maintaining compliance with government regulations.
●Improved data gathering and reporting techniques which drove improvements in efficiency.
●Responsible for maintaining a strong, two-way, communication channel between all teams. Stakeholders, and leadership. Understand the vessel construction process and key stakeholders. Relate known or potential issues to identify, understand, and proactively address challenges to avoid cost/schedule/quality impacts.
●Drive process that ensures company policies are followed, encouraging consistency and efficiency on the project. Work with Production Supervisors, Leads, and Superintendents to determine production needs and remove roadblocks to avoid schedule, quality, and cost impacts.
●Brief ship status and issues to Project/Hull Managers and other Team Members as assigned.
●Train and mentor Project Coordinator I in order to improve departments over all performance.

Epsilon System Solutions October 2020 to April 2021
Deck Plate Team Lead
●Schedules work in accordance with the Project Plan.
●Ensures that work is accomplished in accordance with company Work Instructions and procedures.
●Assigns work packages to installation team members.
●Ensures that redline markups are maintained and provided to the Project Manager.
●Schedules and arranges for delivery of material and equipment to the job site.
●Ensures that the work spaces are properly maintained and that routine clean-up is accomplished.
●Enforces quality and safety policy and procedures on the job site.
●Ensures that all excess material, equipment, tools, and trash are removed from the job site upon completion of the installation and that disposal of excess material is accomplished in accordance with direction from the Project Manager.
●Conducts pre-installation ship/site surveys and pre-installation checkout.
●Controls and updates the QA Plans and Test Workbook.
●Identifies problem areas to the Project Manager and provides information for Condition Discrepancy Reports.
●Monitors on-site availability of material, equipment, and tools to ensure that the proper resources are available as needed.
●Maintains inventory records of material and equipment received on-site and records disposition.
●Attends production review meetings either with the Project Manager or as the Project Manager’s representative.
●Certified Shipyard Competent Person (as of December 2020)

NASSCO General Dynamics April 2020 to October 2020
Outside Machinist Journeyman
●Remove, repair, overhaul, install and align main propulsion machinery and associated equipment/components
●Remove, repair, overhaul, install and align equipment associated with auxiliary systems
●Install, adjust, set, and repair or replaces various control/regulating or safety devices
●Test and assist in testing of shipboard machinery pierside
●Use various portable and fixed machine tools such as boring bars, milling machines, facing machines and drill presses
●Use precision measuring instruments such as height gages, depth gages, calipers, verniers, various types of micrometers

Nypro Chula Vista Sep 2018 to April 2019
Tool Technician
●Preformed Tool maintenance including:
●Tool disassembly
●Polishing
●Core and stripper height adjustment
●Replace core, strippers, and cavities as needed
●Conduct air pressure test
●Replace parts as needed
●In press change overs
●Electrical and pressure testing

Nypro Chicago May 2017 to April 2018
Tool Technician
●Preformed Tool maintenance including:
●Tool disassembly
●Polishing
●Core and stripper height adjustment
●Replace core, strippers, and cavities as needed
●Conduct air pressure test
●Replace parts as needed

United States Navy May 2007 to January 2017
Torpedoman – Machinist Mate (Weapons)
Maintenance
●Work Center Supervisor, performed repairs and maintenance on high and low pressure air system including repair of high pressure are reducers
●Maintenance and replacement of sub safe (level 1) flood/drain electrodes
●Performed maintenance and repair of various hydraulic ram assemblies used for torpedo movement,
●Maintenance and repair of VLS system, gage calibration petty officer overseeing both shipboard gages and torque wrenches,
●Performed torpedo tube maintenance, 3 inch launcher maintenance, and anchor maintenance.
●3M and Craftsman qualified
Quality Assurance
●Torpedo Division QA Package Writer onboard the USS Charlotte (Apr 2010 to May 20L4)
●Controlled Material Petty Officer for Torpedo Division on board the USS Charlotte (Apr 2011 to May 2014)
●On site supervisor for explosive handling evolution on US Naval Base Point Loma (June 20L6 to Jan 20171
●Managed Navy Munitions Command Detachment Point Loma Arms Ammunition & Explosives
●Program (June 2015 to January 2017)
●Ensuring 100% compliance with Navy standards and accountability of all high security locations.
●Craftsman qualified (Feb 2009)
●Graduate Submarine Quality Assurance Inspector School (Nov 2012)
Leadership
●Personnel Supervisor for Torpedo Division on the USS Charlotte (May 2012 to January 2013)
●Funeral Honors Mentor to junior sailors at Navy Funeral Honors San Diego (Jan 2016 March 2016).
Management
●Work Center Supervisor for a L0-sailor team in the Torpedo Division. Organized equipment and
●personnel resources on the USS Charlotte (July 2012 to September 2014)
●Vehicle coordinator, managed a fleet of 10 vehicles scheduling maintenance and ensure proper
●function and training while at Navy Munitions Command Detachment Point Loma (June 2014 to November 2015)
●Managed Torpedo Division Quality Assurance program writing QA work packages and handling
●Level L/Sub Safe material to ensure proper function of torpedo systems (July 2011 to August 2013)

Certifications
●Hazardous Waste Handling
●Bridge Crane Operator
●Explosives Driver & Handler
●Qualified 20,000 lbs. forklift operator
●Shipyard Competent Person

Education
Fairhope High School (2000-2004)
University of West Florida (2004-2006)
Contact this candidate