SAMANTHA
KAHN-BANN
PROFILE
Chef and event planner with a warm
and friendly demeanor. Skilled in
conflict management. Team player
who is acutely attentive to employees’
and guests’ needs. Problem solver and
avid multitasker. Known to be an
essential part of the management
team and instrumental in providing
effective solutions that produce
immediate impact and contribute to
the establishment’s long-term success.
CONTACT
PHONE:
702-***-****
EMAIL:
adzqhk@r.postjobfree.com
ADDRESS:
4791 Sheppard Drive
Las Vegas, NV 89122
WORK EXPERIENCE
Catering Sales Manager and Chef
Delish Dish Events and Catering, Las Vegas Nevada
2011-Present
A dream that finally became a reality! My own catering company with my own rules and ways. I brought traditional values, techniques, etiquette and style to a more modern, fresh and unique experience in events. I am a classically trained chef that thrives on modernizing French cuisine adding a healthy twist that hopefully will keep guests wanting more. Five- star service is something that is non-negotiable in my eyes and I expect my employees to follow my training my lead because I always lead by example. I booked corporate and social events my duties included many of what I talk about in my other positions below.
Facility and Catering Manager
Kingstad Center, Beaverton Oregon
2005-2009
Hired, mentored and trained a staff of up to 75 staff members in a multifunctional facility that included a comedy club, dinner theater, art space and banquet facility that specialized in corporate and social events. Helped develop and design the comedy club and dinner theater from the ground up. Organized corporate and social events, offsite catered events. Handled multiple events running concurrently. In charge of beverage dispense for each event, control and ordering for multiple bars on and off-site.
Senior Sales Catering Manager
Westlake Village Inn, Westlake Village California
1995-2000
Performed all duties required for booking wedding and corporate events to include consulting with clients and making executive decisions for food and wine pairings for events when needed. Oversaw banquet staff for set up, service and tear down. Capable of handling multiple wedding ceremonies simultaneously on site and proficient in several types of religious wedding ceremonies.
EDUCATION
Culinary Institute of America, Hyde Park New York
June 2005
Bachelor of Science in Culinary Arts and Hospitality Management KEY SKILLS AND CHARACTERISTICS
• Budget Management
• Excellent listener
• Friendly, courteous, and service oriented
• Poised under pressure
• Staff Training & Coaching
• Recruiting and Hiring Talent
• Quality Assurance
• Solid written and verbal communicator
Contact this candidate