ABDULLA ISMAEL
Dearborn, Michigan
248-***-****
adzsbv@r.postjobfree.com
Experienced Program Manager with a decade of experience in the software industry. Skilled in crafting meticulous testing strategies, executing regression and performance testing, and driving automation to consistently elevate product quality. Adept at leading multifaceted projects, managing changing scopes, resources, and budgets. Strong leadership, collaboration, and risk management skills ensure on-time and successful project deliveries. Possesses a holistic skill set that merges technical expertise with strategic vision, enabling navigation of complex landscapes while prioritizing excellence and stakeholder satisfaction.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Program Manager
08/2022 to Present
MRM Worldwide
Birmingham, MI
Oversaw implementation of strategic plans and verified alignment with corporate objectives. Represented company at meetings, conferences and other events to promote programs. Partnered with business, technical associates and vendors to develop functional requirements based on business needs.
Created and enforced standard policy and procedures to maintain consistency of existing applications. Analyzed operational procedures and complex business needs and problems to determine program requirements. Contributed to and supported execution of strategic directions and annual priorities. Communicated program changes, strategic initiatives and other key information to department staff. Navigated partnerships by managing relationships, driving thorough communication and continued support. Worked with functional managers, outside agencies and contractor personnel to support program. Supported implementation of new systems and programs to meet business needs. Developed strategies and plans for new product development. Monitored employee performance using real-time data and reports. Simplified project management processes using task management tools. Oversaw employee recruitment, training and onboarding processes. Simplified decision-making with detailed reports for executive team. Championed new policies and regulations to minimize production errors and incidents. Improved productivity after reviewing and modifying operations and workflows. Managed daily workloads by organizing schedules and delegating tasks. Maximized employee performance with hands-on training and close mentoring. Senior Quality Assurance Analyst
08/2016 to 08/2022
MRM Worldwide
Birmingham, MI
Identify and implement process improvements to enhance the quality assurance program and increase efficiency. Gathered and analyzed user/business requirements and developed System test plans Performed both Manual/Automated Testing/Content Authoring Execute and evaluate manual or automated test cases and report test results Review functional and design specifications to ensure full understanding of individual deliverables Performed web service testing using tools such as SoapUI Experience with testing tools such as, QTP (QuickTest Professional) Used JIRA to create the test plan, store test cases and run the test sets Used JIRA to track, review and analyze defects
Meet with the developers, SMEs and PMs on a regularly basis to update the test documents Developed & executed Test scripts and Test cases for Functional and Regression testing Analyzed and enforced manual test internally and at customer s site Performed tests for Functionality, security, GUI, End to End, System, Configuration and Backend Testing Test Environment: HTML, XML, UNIX, Apple iOS, firebug, User Agent Switcher, Link Evaluator Quality Assurance Analyst
03/2014 to 06/2016 Peachworks
Southfield, MI
Gathered and analyzed user/business requirements and developed System test plans Performed Manual Testing
Execute and evaluate manual and report test results Review functional and design specifications to ensure full understanding of individual deliverable Performed mobile testing
Used JIRA to create the test plan, store test cases and run the test sets Used JIRA to track, review and analyze defects
Meet with the developers, SMEs and PMs on a regularly basis to update the test documents Developed & executed Test scripts and Test cases for Functional and Regression testing Analyzed and enforced manual test internally and at the customer s site. Quality Assurance Analyst
08/2014 to 03/2014
Lowe Campbell Ewald-IPG
Detroit, MI
Collaborate with software developers to define test cases and ensure optimal test coverage Collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify and fix quality issues Identify and document potential risks and issues in the software development process, and provide recommendations for improvement
Conduct regular audits to ensure compliance with established quality standards and procedures Develop and maintain test data sets to ensure accurate and thorough testing of software applications Conduct user acceptance testing to ensure that the software meets the requirements and expectations of end users
Ensure effective communication and collaboration between the quality assurance team and other departments to resolve issues and improve overall software quality Quality Assurance Analyst
03/2013 to 08/2014
MRM Worldwide
Birmingham, MI
Improve and maintain the quality assurance processes to ensure high-quality deliverables and customer satisfaction.
Develop and implement quality assurance standards and processes in alignment with industry best practices to ensure the delivery of high-quality software products. Develop and implement new automated testing processes to improve efficiency and accuracy of quality assurance testing.
Identify and analyze quality issues and bugs in software products to provide insights for process improvement and customer satisfaction.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to gather requirements and identify testing needs Collaborate with development team to ensure that quality standards are met throughout the software development process.
Conduct regular audits and reviews of quality assurance processes to identify areas for improvement and ensure compliance with industry standards and regulations. Performed tests for Functionality, security, GUI, End to End, System, Configuration and Backend Testing. Test Environment: HTML, XML, UNIX, Apple iOS, firebug, User Agent Switcher, Link Evaluator, Pixel Zoomer, Jira, SoapUi, Microsoft Excel, dolce, QuickTest, Windows 98/NT/XP, LeanKit, SKILLS
Manual Testing - 10+ years
Automated Testing - 4 years
Test Planning - 5 years
Project Planning - 10+ years
Leadership - 7 years
Collaboration - 10+ years
Software Methodologies - 10+ years
Time Management - 10+ years
Regression Testing - 10+ years
Performance Testing - 5 years
Project Management - 5 years
Decision Making - 10+ years
Risk Management - 10+ years
EDUCATION
Macomb College
Associate
Computer Science
Michigan
06/2012 to 12/2014
Coursera
Other
Quality Assurance Certification
Michigan
Contact this candidate