EUGENE T. TOBY, PMP, CIPE, COTR, QC/QA MGR., SAFETY ENGINEER.
Email: adzzwt@r.postjobfree.com, adzzwt@r.postjobfree.com,
Cell#: 667-***-****

SUMMARY OF EXPERIENCE & QUALIFICATION

Program manager and project management staff coordinator with excellent
communication skills and scheduling, problem solving, and quality control/quality assurance.
Proficient also in the following:
PRIMAVERA (P6), MICROSOFT PROJECT MANAGEMENT, EXCEL, POWER-POINT.

VA HOSPITAL (WASHINGTON DC).
Project Manager (EESLLC.) (02/2022 thru 07/2022)
Conferred with supervisory personnel, owners, contractors, and design professionals to discuss and resolve matters such as work procedures, complaints, and construction field problems.
Managed all aspects of the Assisted Living facility section of the Hospital and patients within the Veteran Hospital, Washington DC.
Coordinated activities and monitored the performance of the Subcontractors and suppliers to ensure that schedules are met, and project performance is not compromised.
Reviewed RFIs and construction contract modifications for potential impact on the functionality of the building, the Design Intent, the Basis of Design and Concepts of Operations as applicable.
Reviewed design changes and discussed the impact with GSA Rep. for overall schedule. Discussed space issues with DOJ representative with respect to the changes in tenant space.
Monitored procurement operations during implementation of contracts for DOJ/GSA projects.
Managed the resolutions of Quality Assurance problems and matters related to construction schedules and delivery of material.
Conferred with supervisory personnel, contractors, and design professionals to discuss and resolve matters such as work procedures, complaints, and construction field problems.
Controlled and managed project milestones and budget from planning through construction and initial operations.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE (OBO)TRISON CONSTRUCTION, INC.
(Classified) Project Manager (09/2019 thru 12/2021 (Covid -19)
Worked closely with OBO/FAC and post Facility Managers to ensure contract stipulations and requirements are properly followed by all contractors who perform maintenance, repair and construction activities/projects in support of OBO.
Reported to the OBO/FAC Division Chief or other designated representatives within OBO/FAC or missions overseas.
Managed and directions of senior leadership, including following up on decisions and ensuring the completion of required actions in a timely manner.
Advised Identified variety of alternatives for meeting current and anticipated project requirements and advised on how to meet project needs from the availability of contractors and their expertise to the employable use of local assets (i.e.USG or contract). Recommends the most viable options and developed action plans and strategies to implement approved options.
Ensured that all required project actions are understood and carried out in accordance with the decisions appropriate DOS personnel on the preparation of reports, papers, and other documents for senior leadership, including sensitive documents for OBO-level and/or Chief of Mission-level action.
Attended weekly Roll-up Meetings and be able to explain the progress, risks, opportunities, and complete financial condition of all assigned projects.
Conducted project meetings, while setting milestones and formulating monthly owner reports.
Ensured that all documents are well-written, in proper format, timely, complete, and fully coordinates with other affected organizations.
Supervised the progress meeting minutes, presentations, and reporting documents, the compilation and proper filing of project documents, and the development and/or review planning documents.
Served as an advisor to OBO/FAC and oversees the planning, organizing, coordinating of activities, resources, equipment, and information for large single and/or multiple projects.
Advised on the development and implementation of comprehensive project schedules and the presentation, review and tracking of approved project(s) changes and manages the production of updated schedules.
Coordinated daily with onsite APM's to ensure project schedule is updated and improved upon.
Formalized Document Project Changes through PCO's and Change Orders.
Established job processes (RFIs, submittals, and pay applications) including billings (approving pay applications) and negotiating subcontract change orders.
Reviewed project scheduling ensured project quality control and established overall project logistics.
Documented substantial completion manage the project closeout process to ensure timely completion.

WALTER REED ARMY INSTITUTE OF RESEARCH(WRAIR)(DESIGN/BUILD)
EES, LLC. (Classified) Sr. Project Manager (06/2015 thru 05/2018)
Reviewed design and specifications for building and facility operational/ functional systems.
Reviewed and provided comments to Stake Holders and Senior Military Officers on contractor submittals and schedules, and other project-related documentations and plans.
Reviewed and coordinated response to user requested engineering change proposals (ECP’s), in conjunction with subject matter experts validate ECPs against Design Intent, Basis of Design and Concepts of Operations as applicable.
Reviewed RFIs and construction contract modifications for potential impact on the functionality of the building, the Design Intent, the Basis of Design and Concepts of Operations as applicable.
Coordinated with PgM/PM to ensure engineering changes are reflected in future transition processes such as training, Concept of Operation implementation, and Movement Planning.
Coordinated engineering support reviews for specialized laboratory equipment with medical facility staff, HFPO/HFPA support staff and subject matter experts.
Participated in user-representative oversight of the USACE QA/QC program, in coordination with the PgM/PM, via regular interface/discussions with USACE QA personnel including field inspections.
Observed destructive and nondestructive tests on metals and other materials through Magnaflex, dye-penetrant, radiographic, tension and compression, paint thickness, and resistivity.
Observed surveillance of underground piping to ensure tightness, bedding, and grade.
Verified location of reinforcing steel before placement of concrete.
Validated piping systems, including P&ID checks and hydraulic or other pressure tests.
Maintained current knowledge and advised PM/PgM or government Senior Representatives concerning USACE QA/QC procedures, requirements, standards, and practices.
Assisted in reviewing any Value Engineering proposals.
Coordinated with HFPO IT Planning support and USACE concerning interpretation/execution of IM/IT/Low Voltage System design including engineering support for follow-on contracts.
Provided technical engineering advice on laboratory unique systems, applications, and functions.
Identified and track construction engineering specific issues, ensuring they are coordinated and resolved to a successful conclusion.
Assisted PM/PgM or other government representative to develop, coordinate, and process project related engineering change proposals (ECPs) to ensure valid user requirements are integrated into the projects’ end state.
Conducted Monthly Safety Meetings with the two General Contractors – TCC/WT)
Participated in coordination and execution of commissioning plan, coordinating with parent facility staff and HFPA/HFPO subject matter experts to ensure appropriate involvement in the process.
Participated in Red Zone meetings and building acceptance process including punch-out inspections.
Inspected electrical installations to ensure proper grounding, circuit integrity, and adherence to statutory and customer regulations.
Performed continuing inspection of painting and insulation to ensure thickness and coverage continuity.
Provided general inspection on all construction labor and subcontracted tasks to ensure professional workmanship.
Verified the mechanical equipment alignment and balancing operations.
Conducted commissioning for the HVAC Equipment.
Submitted monthly reports to the Sr. Military Officers and Sr. Civilian Stakeholders for records.
Coordinated with the End-Users Senior staff, HFPA/HFPO subject matter experts and USACE to ensure O&M training, O&M manuals, warranties, As-Built drawings, etc. are scheduled, developed, reviewed, and delivered in a timely manner.
Assisted in coordination and conduct of inspections, tests, verifications, and certifications.
Participated in meetings and teleconferences, and coordinated associated actions as required by PgM/PM or designated government representatives.
Coordinated all major events on the two projects by briefing Sr. Ranking Civilians of various offices during weekly progress meeting and/or hosted teleconference and chaired monthly progress meetings with the Sr. Military Officers.
Provided recurring project-related reports, presentations and documentation as required by PM/PgM or designated government representatives.
Coordinated schedules and report progress on a weekly basis with the PM/PgM or their designated representatives.
Provided proposed response recommendations and review comments for subsequent release to the construction General Contractors – TCC/WT
Managed the process of resolving field conflicts and/or unforeseen circumstances that adversely affected the project constructability.
Assisted in development and maintenance of an Integrated Master Schedule for the project(s).
Assisted in development of maintenance plans for post-occupancy sustainment of facilities.
Reviewed IDRs of inspectors on the job.
Documented nonconformance and participated in determining appropriate resolution.
Reviewed Monthly Payment Estimate for the project.
Reviewed and approved the monthly requisition from the two General Contractors (TCC/WT).
Reviewed Submittals from the General Contractor & Subcontractors for approval.

BALTIMORE CITY/BALTIMORE COUNTY
WATER MAIN/GAS LINE REPAIR/REPLACEMENT(SC909/WC1246)
Johnson, Mirmiran & Thompson (JMT)
Sr. Project Engineer (08/2013 thru 04/2015
Reviewed monthly project costs of various projects.
Reviewed project cost analysis of E & G water projects for Baltimore City.
Reviewed the impact of Change Order relative to overall schedule and deliverables.
Inspected various water main replacement projects.
Conducted water sample analysis of Chlorine & Bacteria.
Reviewed IDRs of inspectors on the job.
Reviewed Monthly Payment Estimate for the project.
Reviewed and approve the monthly requisition from the General Contractor (JFC)
Reviewed Submittals from the General Contractor & Subcontractors for approval.
Reviewed the entire RFP/RFQ proposal (Requirements)
Monitored southwest water main repair and replacement.
Supervised the installation of Gas Lines by NPL contractors both in Baltimore City and Baltimore County.
Responded to customers and citizen inquiries and complaints.
Reviewed proposals and cost estimates submitted by service providers, making recommendations to the board for action as needed.
Monitored the soil compaction, moisture content, aggregation, graduation, concrete slump, air entrainment, concrete compression, lines and grades surveys, bolt torques, and concrete coring.
Experience working with LIDAR data, GIS and other PSPS related activities.
Reviewed the concrete tests results in the field by an independent inspector/Agent.
Directed budget preparation and monitored compliance with budget-making proposals and recommendations after budget changes-when necessary.
Directed contractors as needed to achieve compliance with applicable regulations and to complete needed investigation of and repair to utility appurtenances.
Reviewed the completion and submission of required monitoring reports and operating permits to ensure compliance with applicable rules and regulations.
Maintained a successful working relationship with utility providers located within and adjacent to the Residential service areas.
Experience working with Electric Distribution asset such as poles and lines.
Worked with staff, as needed, to accomplish the orderly and successful day-to-day operations of the Water Line.
Responded to emergency situations – on a 24-hour basis, resolving any unexpected technical problems that may arise.
Built, developed, and grow community relationships vital to the success of each community project.
Experience working with cloud technology: AWS, AZURE, One Cloud.

Department of Energy (DOE)
M & M/EES, LLC. (JV) (Classified)
Sr. Project Manager (01/2013 thru 06/2013
Supervised the approved subcontractors for off-site transport and disposal of hazardous wastes.
Provided waste identification numbers and labels for hazardous waste containers and items.
Coordinated hazardous and industrial waste management activities with other SLAC ESH programs.
Designated, with line management, generic waste collection areas, WAAs and SWAAs
Coordinated with university technical representatives the management of hazardous and industrial wastes generated by subcontractors or SLAC-operated activities.
Maintained the hazardous waste tracking system.
Prepared regulatory reports related to hazardous waste management.
Prepared weekly reports of hazardous waste for the DOE officials to review.

DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE/USACE (DESIGN/BUILD)
HSCC, Inc. / EES, LLC. (Classified)
Project Manager/QA Manager C4ISR Phase I & Il (10/10 thru 09/12)
Reviewed submittals for Clin#3 & #4
Conducted daily inspection of various projects: Buildings: B, E, F, & G.
Conducted punch lists, pre-final inspection, and final inspection.
Attended bi-monthly progress meetings.
Reviewed statement of work (SOW) prepared by the Consultants for final approval.
Reviewed As-Built drawings to make sure that field changes are incorporated.
Wrote daily Quality Assurance of work progress and/or lack thereof.
Reviewed ASIs and Bulletins submitted by the Design of Records (DOR.)
Entered reports on RMS folder for review by U S Army Corps of Engineers. (USACE.) R.E
Conducted daily updates of Architectural/Civil drawings.
Reviewed project specifications as they relate to all divisions.
Attended meetings for Commissioning plans/Procedures.
Reviewed plans for compliance with the specification.
Reviewed change orders, claims and supplemental agreements and assisted in negotiations.
Attended TAB meetings.
Conducted field inspections to ensure quality assurance of construction activities with plans and specifications.
Inspected various facets of work on the construction site and performed continuous surveillance of assigned construction activities to ensure compliance with all applicable codes, standards, and specifications.
Reviewed contractors Safety Meetings per contract documents.
Reviewed and made entries on RFI Logs and Responses.
Attended Prep/Initial/Follow up meetings per contract documents.
Attended GC quality control/quality assurance meeting per contract documents.
Reviewed contract modifications with GC with respect to schedule, cost, & BOD
Reviewed deliverables with GC to mitigate delays, & cost overrun.

DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE
WALTER REED ARMY MEDICAL CENTER (WRAMC) Patrick O. Walter & Associates, Inc.
Sr. Project Manager 10/08 thru 09/10
Responsible for the overall management, control, coordination, and execution of assigned long-term facility, space acquisition, and/or construction management projects.
Served as a project manager, technical expert, and coordinator in facility requirements planning, the translation of general space layout requirements to specific operational requirements and manage the project through turnover.
Translated user defined operational needs into facility requirements.
Lead facility construction projects that require extensive and intense planning efforts.
Prepared and review floor plans submitted to determine adequacy of layout and workflow, budgetary impact, conformance with accepted business practices and techniques or the need for deviation from standard practices because of unusual functions or unique conditions.
Prepared cost estimates associated with project.
Reviewed contracts and assisted Naval Facilities Engineering Command to negotiate revisions, changes and additions to contractual agreements with architects, consultants, clients, suppliers and subcontractors.
Reviewed necessary permits and licenses for compliance with regulations, codes, and navy guidance.
Directed and supervise Government engineering technicians.
Reviewed project specifications to determine if there are conflicts with the construction plans.
Conferred with supervisory personnel, owners, contractors, and design professionals to discuss and resolve matters such as work procedures, complaints, and construction field problems.
Controlled and managed project milestones and budget from planning through construction and initial operations.
Prepared the sub-contract agreement documents for NAVFAC to approve.
Provided project status updates to senior personnel within the field office and support command.
Assisted the IPT PM in management of post construction award services (PCAS).
Assisted in coordinating of delivery, acceptance, inspection, and installation of Government furnished equipment.
Coordinated schedule needs with the MCC Project Manager to ensure that construction activities align with material delivery dates.
Managed all aspects of the Assisted Living facility section of the Hospital and patients within the Walter Reed Army Medical Center (WRAMC)
Coordinated activities and monitored the performance of the Subcontractors and suppliers to ensure that schedules are met, and project performance is not compromised.
Identified construction risks and prepared action plans to mitigate RCC’s exposure.

GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION (GSA)
OMF, Contracting Inc.
Sr. Project Manager: 02/06 thru 08/08
Coordinated and/or managed the renovation of courthouse interior for (DOJ) (GSA)
Developed & reviewed project budgets and construction estimates.
Reviewed plans & spec. for FAA Hqtrs. Interior renovation.
Developed master project schedule and coordinated with GSA Rep. for overview discussion.
Reviewed design changes and discussed the impact with GSA Rep. for overall schedule. Discussed space issues with DOJ representative with respect to the changes in tenant space.
Monitored procurement operations during implementation of contracts for DOJ/GSA projects.
Managed the resolutions of Quality Assurance problems and matters related to construction schedules and delivery of materials.
Modified space per DOJ (GSA) directives due to changes instituted by the client (DOJ)
Operated as a project/transaction management specialist, performing a wide variety of project/transaction management activities in collaboration with and in support to customers.
Oversee and authorize the execution of solutions to customer needs, including prioritizing resources, providing information or assistance, resolving their problems, or managing their expectations during the implementation of agreed upon solutions.
Monitored QA/QC during construction/renovation, addition, and safety regulation.
Reviewed County regulations with GC for compliance. Evaluate and engage in in-depth analysis, preparation, and review of responses to proposals.
Supported teams in formulation of procurement management systems, plans and reporting. Hold progress meetings to discuss critical construction changes with respect to the overall impact and costs associated with the project.
Reviewed AEP Specifications from outside Design/Build Engineering Firms, and General Contractor.
Write In-house Statement of Work (SOW) for change orders for the project.
Reviewed Construction Scheduling for projects. Coordinate multiple projects, performing engineering cost estimates for various projects.
Reviewed and evaluated Bid Documents and made recommendations.
Approved monthly requisitions from Subcontractors for payment.
Managed all aspects of projects, including working with staff to ensure projects are delivered within budget, and meet established goals and objectives.
Multi-task and oversee the day-to-day operational and tactical aspects of multiple varied-scale projects.

CONTRACT SUPPORT SERVICES, INC.
(Engineering/Construction Mgmt. Consultants)
Director of Operations 08/96 thru 07/05
Owner's Representative & coordinated small multiple projects ranging from 20,000 to 80,000 sq. ft for almost twelve years.
Reviewed the contract documents, specifications & approved shop drawings.
Request for Information/Clarification from the Architect. Monitored project cost. Reviewed and revised construction schedule with subcontractors.
Held weekly safety meeting with subcontractors.
Reviewed and approved financial monthly requisitions from the GC, Subcontractors/Suppliers.
Managed all the Financial Books of CSS, Inc. including but not limited to construction budgets/accounting. Used Microsoft project Software for Work Breakdown Structure (WBS).
In charge of employee’s payroll. Responsible for migrating new employees in the system.
Reconciled the Yearly Financial Records of CSS, Inc.
Reviewed shop drawing and submittal for approval.
Reviewed product samples for compliance with specification.
Reviewed and approved change orders.
Worked with Architects & Engineers to resolve any field conflicts.
Held quarterly progress meetings with the Owner's Representatives.
Acted as a Contract Administrator for small, medium, and large size projects.
Developed and participated in Request for Proposal (RFP) selection process for services required for capital projects.
Worked on Pentagon Hospital in Wash. DC with Bell BCI, as a Project Engineer. Implemented policies and procedures of DOD as appropriate to ensure contractual compliance.
Provided support and coverage of ongoing contract activities, developed, and implemented quality assurance plans in a timely manner.
Monitored the General Contractor’s compliance with the terms and conditions of contracts and fulfillment of all obligations imposed by the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) and other pertinent regulations to the contract administration.
Monitored the Baltimore City Wastewater Treatment Refurbishment, upgrades, collection systems upgrades, pump station installation upgrades, inflow and infiltration installation and individual components such as clarifiers, headworks, disinfection systems, chemical feed systems tertiary filtration systems, bio-solids handling, aeration systems and final cleaning.
Prepared status reports and position papers for capital projects.
Reviewed claims and changed orders to make sure that they were in line with the extra work stipulated and/or agreed and approved by the Owner’s Representative.
Monitored T/M work per agreed change orders/claims.
Worked with the Contracts Administrator in preparing acquisition strategies for contract awards.
Managed day to day communication and expectations with staff and end-users. Implements project review and quality assurance procedures in accordance with the plans and specifications to ensure a successful execution of projects as measured by internal goals and user satisfaction.
Operated as a technical specialist, working in collaboration with and in support to customers, proactively translating customer requirements into technical options and solutions, resulting in technical projects to address evolving customer workplace needs.
Analyzed and monitored impact on building systems and equipment to determine facility capability in meeting customer needs.
Reviewed models to determine the constructability of the project and draw conclusion based on findings and recommendations by outside A/E.
Assisted in the identification of strategic planning initiatives and manage scope and risk mitigation.
Assembled and/or met with planners, client representatives, architects, engineers, consultants, and external professionals to establish project requirements, and manage project execution.
Assisted in preparing, planning, evaluating, and forecasting project budgets and schedules for projects.
Prepared solicitations and review proposals for adequacy.
Performed pre-award review of proposals associated with a wide range of subcontracts.
Prepared Requests for Proposals (RFP)
Performed cost and pricing analyses.
Supported contract negotiations if directed and prepared, reviewed, and recommended for approval various contractual documents prior to award.
Supported the development of the government's negotiations.
Attended contracting officer meetings with suppliers or their representatives to effectively negotiate prices, delivery date, specifications, or similar matters.
Coordinated, perform and/or provide technical guidance for the full range of contract administration actions for the assigned projects including supporting the negotiation of post award contractual changes, reviewing contracts, interpreting provisions, resolving problems, recommending, or rendering determinations and implementing approved actions.
Served as business advisor to a wide range of customers and provides advice and assistance related to contracting work as a Contracting Officer

PROJECT ENGINEER: Navy Lodge, Willow Grove, PA w/ Forrester Construction Company. Renovation & Addition (DOD) Total Cost $40M (CONTRACTOR)

PROJECT MANAGER: Fannie Mae Hqtrs. Urbana, Maryland. (Design/Build) (HUD) New Construction. Total Cost $110M (CONTRACTOR)

PROJECT MANAGER: Army Training Depot at Fort Meade, MD (Design/Build) w/
Bell BCI New Construction (DOD) Total Cost $65M (CONTRACTOR)

PROJECT ENGINEER: (Design/Build) 500 DiLorenzo Tricare Hospital Clinic (Design/Build) (former parking lot) at Arlington VA w/ Bell BCI New construction (DOD) Total Cost $210M (CONTRACTOR)

ASSISTANT PROJECT ENGINEER: CIA Hqtrs. Langley, VA. (Design/Build) (Federal Govt.) New construction. Total Cost $298M (CONTRACTOR)

HAVERHILL CONTRACTING, INC.
PROJECT ENGINEER (HIGHWAY) 02/90 thru 04/95
Checked Road and storm drain elevations.
Reviewed plans and specifications for compliance with the State and Local government ordinance and applicable codes.
Monitored job progress and schedule. Implement changes or modifications to the company's internal Codes and Standards, as necessary, due to changing operational practices and/or changes to Code.
Responsible for the facilitating company's Materials and Standards Committee.
Received and track company outside Agency Concrete Inspection Forms/Delivery Trucks.
Communicated with company contractors to review their compliance programs.
Identified and recommends strategic changes for continuous improvement related to pipeline safety.
Negotiated the company position with the State and local regulatory agencies on safety compliance matters.
Collaborated with the Contracts department on issuance of Major Purchase Orders (MPO's), and subcontracts.
Approved vendor invoices.
Scheduled daily safety meetings with project team personnel to review project performance.
Maintained, updates, and distributes project documents and all necessary “look-ahead” schedules to all parties.
Participated in industry initiatives established to create or interpret safety regulations affecting concrete overpass bridges.
Developed a detailed plan to procure required equipment and material Determine, assign and/or submit material submittals for the project.
Ensured project roles and responsibilities are communicated.
Communicated job set-up information to appropriate support services.
Selected major vendors and subcontractors.
Developed site plan, including location of cranes, laydown areas, etc.
Bridge construction in Allegheny County, MD (Expansion & Replacement)
Resurfaced of Roads in Baltimore City, Calvert County, Cecil County and Baltimore County (Replacement)
Executed daily documentation such as change order logs, concrete logs, rebar logs, and other material/equipment logs.
Reconstruction of Bridge & Overpass in Charles County (Replacement)
Supervised all phases of highway and bridge construction, including materials sampling and testing, maintenance of traffic (MOT), grading and earthwork operations, erosion and sediment control, drainage systems, Hot Mix Asphalt (HMA) and concrete pavement, all phases of new bridge construction utility relocations, roadway signing, landscaping and traffic signalization.

RALPH M. PARSONS, INC.
(BALTIMORE WASHINGTON INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT)
CONSTRUCTION MANAGER (CM)
FIELD ENGINEER 09/84 thru 01/89
Monitored the entire construction operation by Omni Construction Company.
Inspected concrete runways, taxiways, hangers, and aprons at the airport.
In-charged of Quality Control/Quality Assurance aspects of the project.
Reviewed Daily Concrete Tests prior to placement by Outside Engineering Consultants to make sure they meet approved specification.
Analyzed and reviewed project costs with respect to cost over-run.
Inspected construction of commercial buildings around the Airport with respect to height restrictions.
Held meetings with the community regarding noise abatement plans.
Reviewed construction documents produced by Greiner/URS Engineers (addendum)
Organized progress meetings with General Contractor/subcontractors concerning schedules, and work progress.
Reviewed contractor’s performance and inspection of projects.
Reviewed the project schedule to make sure that the logical tasks and budgets are aligned with the deadlines.
Fulfilled the role of Director of Quality Assurance as required by 14 CFR 119.65(a) and 119.67(d) in the absence of the Resident Engineer.
Served as the Primary Point of Contact for the Consultant (CM) Ralph M Parsons for concrete placement related problems on Runways, Taxiways, and Hangers.
Also, reviewed the renovation, modernization
Contact this candidate