Chockalingam Ramaswamy
Email: ac0h7j@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: +1-919-***-****

WORK EXPERIENCE
Working currently as Senior Performance Engineer and is with Cognizant Technology solutions since November 2009.

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Around 7.5 years of core IT experience in performance engineering / testing spanning across Web and Client Server applications using LoadRunner, Silk Performer, JMeter, DynaTrace, Wily & AppDynamics.
Handled projects in End to end Performance testing lifecycle from NFR gathering, Test plan preparation, Test planning, design, scripting, test execution, Monitoring servers, bottleneck analysis and report generation
Proactive in identifying the performance issues with the concerned component team to get those fixed on time ensuring customer satisfaction
Involved in preparing Project proposals, Proof of Concepts and feasibility studies for the right tool and right protocol.
Efficient in giving right estimation, planning, managing the team and delivering the project on time.
Experience in developing in house tools reducing manual efforts and automating redundant tasks such as NMON parser, Java based tool to set up data, performance test Message Queues, monitor performance metrics and prepare automated reports, Java based multi-threaded tool to automate the Federal Healthcare Membership enrollment file creation
Quick learner with the ability to grasp new technologies.
Excellent inter-personal and communication skills.
Handled projects individually and effectively across different countries.
Experience in various business domains like Healthcare, Insurance, Retail and various technologies.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Tools : HP LoadRunner- 11.52,
HP Performance center 12.0,
Soap UI, Silk Performer, Jmeter.
Empirix Hammer & Call Master
Monitoring Tools : Fiddler, Perfmon, Willy, JVigil, SLIM
Profiling Tools : Dunatrace, AppDynamics, Wily, JProfiler
Defect Tracking tool : Quality Center, Starteam
Programming : C, C++, Java, Perl
Web Technology : Java/J2EE, .Net
Database : SQL server, DB2 Server, Oracle
Operating System : Windows, UNIX, Linux and AIX

Professional CERTIFICATIONS

Cognizant Technology Solutions Certified:
oProfessional in Software Testing
oPerformance Testing
oLoadRunner
oPerformance Engineering Core Java

EDUCATION

Bachelors of Engineering (B.E) in Computer Science and Engineering

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Blue Cross Blue Shield NC – Durham, NC May 2015 to Till Date

Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina is one of Blue Cross Blue Shield Association providing insurance to over 100 million of Americans. Blue Cross Blue Shield was founded in 1933. BCBSNC is a fully taxed, not-for-profit North Carolina company with headquarters in Chapel Hill and major operations centers in Durham, Fayetteville, and Winston-Salem.

Responsibilities:
Senior Performance Lead handling Enterprise Services Testing, IVR Performance Testing and Batch Performance testing.
Lead a performance team of 6 members
Shouldering overall responsibilities to understand Client Processes and to work efficiently to meet targets and deliver solutions in accordance with Cognizant quality control standards and business practices and procedures.
Understanding the applications and system architecture
Gathering performance testing requirements, analyzing the requirements and preparing detailed Test Strategy
Setting up data for performance test
Executing test runs and analyzing test results.
Offering Performance tuning recommendations based on profiling results.
Have increased productivity by creating multiple tools/utilities.
Coordinating offshore activities: delegating and reviewing offshore team deliverables.
Monitor the APP, DB server metrics and analyses the results to identify the bottleneck
Preparing final executive summary report at the end of the engagement.
Imparting domain and technical knowledge to the new entrants and also fellow team members.
Handling administrative tasks for Performance Center and have experience in setting up users and projects in performance center.

Environment & Technology: WebSphere, Linux, Oracle, MQSeries, Amazon AWS, Citrix, Flex, Facets
Tools Used: LoadRunner 11.52, Performance Center 12.0, SOAP UI, JProfiler, Empirix Hammer, Wily, Fiddler

The Hartford – Hartford CT, USA November 2013 to April 2014

The Hartford is one of America’s largest investment and insurance company with 200+ year’s legacy. The Hartford is a leader in property and casualty insurance, group benefits and mutual funds. The company is based out of Hartford, Connecticut with offices all around globe.

Responsibilities:
Enterprise Application Monitoring scripts developer and Performance Lead.
Gathering Performance testing & monitoring scripts requirements, analyzing the requirements and preparing detailed documentation.
Scripting & executing synthetic monitors and analyzing results.
Deploying Synthetic monitors to central server and configuring them to run on a custom schedule based on client requirements.
Handled administrative tasks for PC 11.5 and have experience in setting up users and projects in performance center.
Handled administrative tasks on Dynatrace server edition
Identifying the business requirements and application scenarios by discussing with key stakeholders for each release
Documents all the information in the requirements document and prepares the test plan.
Designs the performance testing script using the LoadRunner tool and LoadRunner scenario.
Carries out load execution by simulating the Virtual users of LoadRunner tool.
After execution she collates the results and presents the stakeholders with key application issues and the required measures to obtain the better performance.
Client side performance engineering using Dynatrace Ajax

Environment & Technology: WebSphere, Oracle, BPPM, xMatters, Java J2EE
Tools Used: LoadRunner, Performance Center, TMART, Dynatrace

Staples Inc. – Framingham MA, USA & Montreal QC, Canada April 2012 – October 2013

Staples Inc. is the world's largest office products company, committed to making it easy for customers around the globe to buy a wide range of office products, including supplies, technology, furniture, and business services. It also provides high-speed, color and self-service copying, other printing services, faxing, and pack and ship services. With $23 billion in sales, Staples serves businesses of all sizes and consumers in 27 countries throughout North and South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. The company also offers its products through catalog, Internet, and sales force. Staples, Inc. was founded in 1986 and is headquartered in Framingham, Massachusetts.

Responsibilities:

Onsite Performance Engineering Lead.
Shouldering overall responsibilities to understand Client Processes and to work efficiently to meet targets and deliver solutions in accordance with Cognizant quality control standards and business practices and procedures.
Gathering performance testing requirements, analyzing the requirements and preparing detailed Test Strategy
Offering Performance tuning recommendations based on test results analysis.
Have increased productivity by creating multiple tools/utilities.
Coordinating offshore activities: delegating and reviewing offshore deliverables.
Setting up environment and data for performance test
Executing test runs and analyzing test results.
Preparing final executive summary report at the end of the engagement.
Imparting domain and technical knowledge to the new entrants and also fellow team members.

Environment & Technology: WebSphere, Oracle Grid, NodeJS, Yantra OMS, Java J2EE
Tools Used: Silk Performer, AppDynamics, JMeter, RFHUtil

Staples Inc. – Chennai, India February 2010 – March 2012

Staples Inc. is the world's largest office products company, committed to making it easy for customers around the globe to buy a wide range of office products, including supplies, technology, furniture, and business services. It also provides high-speed, color and self-service copying, other printing services, faxing, and pack and ship services. With $23 billion in sales, Staples serves businesses of all sizes and consumers in 27 countries throughout North and South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. The company also offers its products through catalog, Internet, and sales force. Staples, Inc. was founded in 1986 and is headquartered in Framingham, Massachusetts.

Responsibilities:

Performance tester
Preparing detailed Test Strategy
Have increased productivity by creating multiple tools/utilities.
Setting up data for performance test
Executing test runs and analyzing test results.

Environment & Technology: WebSphere, Oracle Grid, Yantra OMS, Java J2EE
Tools Used: Silk Performer, AppDynamics, JMeter, RFHUtil

In House Tools Developed
NMON Parser: A Perl utility to analyze and report performance metrics from NMON files collected from multiple AIX machines. The tool had reduced manual effort across projects significantly because of which I was nominated Best Innovator Award for Retail Domain in Q3 2011
Job Execution Automation: A Perl utility to automate the performance execution of batch job’s by triggering it using web service calls whose parameters change based on dynamic values changes each time and needs to be queried from a central database. The utility was piloted for 6 interface during the execution and currently handles 75 interfaces execution automatically and pulls the performance metrics after completion
HIPAA 834 Federal Enrollment file Generator: A Java based tool to automate the CMS Healthcare Enrollment file needed to load test the Trizetto’s Facets. The tool was developed based on business requirements from BCBSNC and Federal mandate. It was used generate the 500,000 membership enrollment files within minutes
MQ Performance Testing Tool: A Java based tool to automate the bulk MQ messages needed to performance test the MQSeries message queues. The tools is used in automated test data generation, performance testing of Message Queues, monitoring and reporting of the performance
Contact this candidate