Muthukumaran K

Polaris Financial Technology Pvt Ltd
988-***-****

Experience Summary

. Having 3.1 Years of IT experience in Performance Engineering
. Good knowledge and experience in Performance testing / analysis of
complex BFSI applications
. Proficient with Performance testing tools like LoadRunner
. Experience in using profiling tools like HP Diagnostics
. Hands on experience in Performance analysis and provide
recommendations
. Experience in using C, C# and JAVA
. Co-ordinate efficiently within teams and with business/application
stake holders for performance test requirements, performance
monitoring and results discussions
. Ability to work on multiple projects.
. Effective in judgment and prioritizing the time allocation
Technology

Software Tools
Operating Systems Windows XP, Windows Vista, Window 7, Linux
Languages Javascript, Java, HTML, XHTML, XPATH, CSS
DBMS/ Database Tools Oracle
Testing Tools HP Load Runner 9.5, Microsoft VSTS 2010/12,
Neoload, Selenium IDE 2.4.0
Project Management Weblogic Server/JBOSS
Tools/Server
Utilities Eclipse Memory Analyser, JPS, JStack, Ps
Utility
Profiling tools HP Diagnostic, JVisualvm, JConsole
Web Inspecting Firebug, Firepath
Tools/Locators

Qualifications

Degree and Date Institute Major and
Specialization

B.E(C.S) 2005 - 2009 S.I.E.T, Poonamallee, Computer Science
Anna University,
Chennai

Technical Skills

Performance Testing:
. Understand the Non functional requirements and workload analysis
. Develop Performance test plans / strategy
. Develop performance test scripts using Industry Standard Tools like
LoadRunner
. Design load / stress and volume scenarios for Performance Testing
based on workload characterization
. Execute performance tests and analyze results
. Provide tuning recommendations for performance improvements
. Generate performance monitoring reports for post-production scenarios

Assignments

Project Name Core Banking System - RBI (Reserve Bank of
India)
Duration From Feb 2012 - Till Date
Client Reserve Bank of India
About the project Reserve Bank of India is providing service to
Banking Finance Insurance Segment to all other
Commercial & Non Commercial
Banks in India. We from Polaris Financial
Technology Pvt Ltd have provided a Product
(CBS) which helps the RBI people to do their
day to day transaction in Debiting & Crediting
their respective accounts. Performed the
Performance Testing on weekly manner. Report
about the parameter issues to the Development
Team, open or close the bug as and when found
in CBS.
Role Onshore Performance Test Coordinator
Activities Roles and Responsibilities:

Involve in preparation of Performance Test
Strategy/Plan
Co ordinate with various application team and
identify their requirements for performance
testing
Discussion with Application team to understand
application's complexity, architecture.
Preparation of Unit Test Scripts using
LoadRunner for all applications identified for
performance testing
Preparation of performance test scripts using
LoadRunner for all the applications identified
for performance testing
Understood the Business Flow/Logic and
prepared Scripts using LoadRunner for all
applications identified for testing
Finalize performance test scenario for each
application based upon the application team's
expectation
Execute performance tests and analyze
performance test results
Analyze Application logs and Revelation
Services logs to identify the time consumed by
each component
Technical Platform AJAX, JAVA, JSF & Oracle 11i
Performance tools HP LoadRunner, HP Diagnostics
Location Chandigarh, INDIA

Project Name Cloud Technology (Data Storage, Retrieval,
Billing up the Clients for their Product
usage)
Duration From Jan 2011 - Jan 2012
Client Norton
About the project Symantec helps consumers and organizations
secure and manage their information-driven
world. Our software and services protect
against more risks at more points, more
completely and efficiently, enabling
confidence wherever information is used or
stored.
Symantec/Norton, We used to keep track of
threats through our Cloud Database. We used to
update the System so that it is up to date in
Malware, Spam and Phishing. Documentation is
done as per Clients Request. Symantec/Norton
Product has a database inbuilt with in it and
it helps the Clients to do the automatic
backup and restore of Data's to and from
Symantec Server.
Role Norton Consultant
Activities Documenting the Bugs which is present in the
Symantec/Norton Product
Reporting the same to the Development to close
the Bug
Helping the Clients to Bill up for their
Symantec/Norton Product usage
Helping them to Store and Retrieve Data's from
Symantec Server
Perform Functional Testing for the
Symantec/Norton Product on timely basis
Technical Platform C#&.Net, PHP, Win32
Location Chennai, India

Career Profile

Dates Organization Designation
From Jan 2011 - Jan Symantec Software Norton Consultant
2012 Services Pvt Ltd
From Feb 2012 - till Polaris Financial System Engineer
date Technology Pvt Ltd

Training / Continuing Education Summary

Program or Course Year
Selenium IDE 2.4.0 October 2013
Microsoft VSTS 2010 & Neoload July 2013
Performance Engineering Dec 2012
QMS (Quality Management System) & Jun 2012
PCJD(Polaris Certified Java Developer)
Cloud Technologies Feb 2011
Java & Oracle Aug 2010

Passport Details

Name as on passport Passport Date of Expiry Date Place of
Number Issue Issue
Muthukumaran H3766735 24th Apr 23rd Apr Chennai
Kathirvelu 2009 2019
Contact this candidate