Jagadeesh Anbalagan acfi2n@r.postjobfree.com

Mobile : 508-***-****

Summary
I am working as a Senior Associate with over 7.8 years (2.6 years in US and
5.2 years in INDIA) of experience in Performance Testing. Proactive,
focusing in Performance Engineering, Workload Analysis, Performance
Testing, Performance Tuning, Performance Monitoring and Capacity Planning.

Worked as Performance Consultant, Performance Analyst and Performance Lead
for various clients of Cognizant Technology Solution Ltd such as Toyota,
Elsevier, Eaton, Walmart, Staples etc. Have in-depth understanding of
Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Performance Testing. My
technical skills include:

. Experience in testing of Client-Server, middleware component, Web
Services and Web-based applications on different environments.
. Expert & Experienced in Preparation of Test Plan, Test Strategy, Test
Approach, Test Scripts, Test Scenarios, Test execution, Identifying
Performance Bottlenecks across all tiers,Analysis and Tuning, Test
Summary Reports and Final Assessment Report.
. Extensive experience with HP (Mercury Interactive) testing tools (Load
Runner, Performance Center), Silk Performer, Rational Performance Tester.
. 4 + years of experience in MQ testing using RFHUtil and Testing
Middleware components like ESB (Enterprise service bus).
. Experience in IBM WebSphere Admin and Sterling Admin Console.
. Experience in working with UNIX/Linux/AIX/windows environments and Shell
Scripts.
. Created Macro's for automating the manual job.
. 6+ years of experience in monitoring and analyzing the server side of the
application across all tiers using VMSTAT/TOP/NMON/PERFMON/SAR
. 4+ years of experience in analyzing Oracle AWR report and identifying
bottlenecks in live monitoring.
. Good experience in using APM tool AppDynamics in monitoring business
transaction across all tiers (web/app/DB) of the applications.
. Experience in Splunk, monitoring the response time/errors for each
component of the tier.
. Analyzing the application Garbage Collection logs from the server
using IBM GC Analyzer tool and AppDynamics.
. Have brief exposure on performance engineering activities like Heap &
Thread utilization analysis.
. 3+ years of experience with Dynatrace and HTTP watch tool in identifying
problems and provides a complete picture of what is going on in the
browser/client side.
. Experience in working/managing with Onsite clients / 13 members offshore
teams on deliverables.
. Good experience in project estimation and proposals.
. Extensive experience and expertise in performance analysis, measurement,
optimization of software systems.
. Extensive experience in understanding System and Technical architecture.
. Extensive experience in the Project Management (Requirements gathering,
Effort estimations, Metrics collection and Auditing).
. Strong MSOffice skills, customer facing skills, excellent multi-tasking
and organizational aptitudes, effective communicator and problem solver.
. Ability to function and interact across teams in a large matrix
organization to execute multiple tasks/assignments simultaneously with
input from several resources.

Education
Master of Business Administration (MBA) in E-Business via distance mode
from Annamalai University, Tamil Nadu, India. (Aug, 2007 to May, 2009)
Master in Power System Engineering from Annamalai University, Tamil Nadu,
India (Jul, 2004 - May, 2006)
Bachelors in Electrical and Electronics Engineering (BE- EEE) from Madras
University, Tamil Nadu, India. (Aug, 1999 to May, 2003)

White paper (CMG Conference, California):
White paper on "Load Testing Methodology for services and application using
MQ". This paper was accepted by CMG Conference, California

Technical Skills
. Testing tools - HP Load Runner, Silk Performer, Rational Performance
Tester, SOAPUI and trained in JMeter
. MQ Testing tool - RFHUtil
. Server side monitoring tools - Vmstat, Nmon. Splunk, Oracle AWR and
Perfmon
. Client Side Monitoring tools - Dynatrace Ajax and Premium edition,
HttpWatch
. Profiling tool - JProfiler
. APM tool - AppDynamics and trained in Wily Introscope.
. SSH and telnet client - Putty, Winscp
. Heap Dump Analyzer - Eclipse Memory Analyzer
. GC Analyzer - IBM Pattern Modeling and Analysis tool for Java Garbage
Collector
. Servers- IIS, WebSphere, Web Methods, IBM WebSphere MQ, Tomcat
. Languages - Java, C, XML
. Packages- MS Office (MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint)
. Operating System- Windows XP/2000/2003, Unix, Linux, AIX
. Database- Oracle, DB2, MS SQL Server
. External Certifications- SCJP, HP Load Runner M18&M19, SQL 2000
. Internal Certification with Cognizant - BFS, Retail, Software Testing,
Silk Performer

Employment History

Name of the Company From To Duration
Cognizant Technology Dec 04, 2006 Till date 7.7 years
Solutions

Professional/Project Experience
Staples Inc, MA
Oct '10 -
Jun' 12
Staples Inc, INDIA (Offshore Lead, Cognizant INDIA)
Jul'12 - Feb '14
Staples Inc, MA Mar' 14 -
Till Date

Role: Senior Associate - Performance Test Lead (Cognizant, US)
Projects worked on ESB (Enterprise Service Bus), OFL (Order Fulfillment
Logic), Enterprise Tax Service, Next Generation POS .I'm working as the
Performance Test Lead for OFL project now.

Responsibilities:
. Prepared Test Plan/Strategy, Test Approach and testing scope.
. Understand Logical, Physical, System architecture for test requirements.
. Gathered and analyzed business requirements and prepared business process
flows/scenarios.
. Prepared Performance Testing effort estimates, POC and Workload.
. Lead/Coordinated onsite & offshore for all performance related
activities.
. Managed 13 members offshore team.
. Responsible to signoff all performance testing deliverables.
. Review the team member's Silk Performer scripts & fix issues.
. Guided the team members in identifying performance bottlenecks on
different layer of the system.
. Executed Baseline/Load tests, Stress tests, Scalability tests, Failover
tests, and Endurance tests.
. Collate and Analyze results before and after implementation of
recommended remediation.
. Used Borland StarTeam to create, assign, track defects for all projects.
. Ensure that Entry Criteria and Exit Criteria are met for each milestone.
. Interacted with developers to identify and resolve Technical issues.
. Prepared & Published the Performance test results to all stakeholders.
. Participated in Capacity Planning exercises providing recommendations
based on testing results.
. Clear verbal and written communication
. Report clear and concise status to all parties
. Participated in Defect review meetings with both the stakeholders and
developers
. Participated in weekly review meetings and GO/NO-GO meetings.

Environment, OS and Tools used:, IBM MQ, Web Methods, SOA, SOAPUI, Oracle,
AWR, VMSTA, Nmon, MSSQL Server 2005, DB2, Linux, AIX, Windows, Java,
MSOffice, Splunk, Silk Performer, Dynatrace, JProfiler, AppDynamics,
StarTeam, GC Analyzer, Thread Dump Analyzer.

Eaton, Michigan
Jun'10 -
Sep'10
Role: Associate - Performance Test Lead (Cognizant, US)
Eaton wants to capture the performance baselines for "Aerospace Matrix One"
application for implementing the hot fixes. Application was experiencing
performance issues related to database deadlocks and JVM memory, for which
Enovia team worked with Eaton to provide patches to fix the performance
issues. Eaton has been requested to baseline the performance of the
application.

Responsibilities:
. Responsible for setting up a new team for performance testing in a new
location.
. Prepared effort estimates, Test Plan and testing scope.
. Understand Logical, Physical, System architecture for test requirements.
. Analyzed business requirements and prepared business scenarios.
. Executed Load Runner scenarios with different monitors for Load/Baseline
tests, Stress tests, Scalability tests and Endurance tests.
. Execution of Load Test before and after implementation of recommended
remediation.
. Collate and Analyze results before and after implementation of
recommended remediation.
. Ensure that Entry Criteria and Exit Criteria are met for each milestone.
. Participated in Defect review meetings with both the stakeholders and
developers
. Participated in weekly review meetings and GO/NO-GO meetings.
. Prepared final report with recommendations after collate & summarize the
results analysis
. Supported performance tuning in close coordination with the development
team

Elsevier
Jul'08
- May'10
Role: Associate - Performance Test Analyst (Cognizant, India)
Elsevier, the world's largest publisher of medical and scientific
literature, forms part of the Reed Elsevier group. Worked for Scopus and
Science Direct are the two main front-end Web applications.

Responsibilities:
. Preparing the performance test scripts using Load Runner
. Creation & execution of load test scenarios in performance center
. Analysis of the different performance tests being executed in the project
for each release
. Identification of performance bottlenecks by analyzing different
application server logs and test results
. Monitoring the CPU utilization and memory pattern.
. Involved in Monitoring of Web & Database Servers using Wily Introscope.
. Root cause analysis for any abnormalities observed.
. Checking the different Key Performance Indicators
. Applications will be monitored using scripts/ tools during the test
execution.

Walmart
May '07
- Jul'08
Role: Programmer Analyst - Performance Test Analyst (Cognizant, India)
Worked for Walmart Task Management Framework (TMF) project which is a
system at Home office for defining, monitoring and reporting on the day-to-
day tasks performed at stores. The system shall have the ability to create
the tasks in all the store areas easily and shall be controlled & monitored
by Home Office. The scope of performance testing includes Load testing of
the application.

Responsibilities:
. Requirement gathering from concerned developer
. Understanding business transactions of the applications.
. Preparation of test plans and strategy documents.
. Scripting the critical scenarios using Load Runner and executing the same
against fine tuned workload.
. Collate and Analysis the results and suggest performance-tuning
recommendations
. Providing project metrics such as Build Vs Test run execution.
. Participating in weekly status meetings, sharing the results across the
team.
. Signing off the performance assessment report and participating in Go/No-
Go meetings.

Toyota
Mar'06 -
Apr'07
Role: Programmer Analyst - Performance Tester (Cognizant, India)
Worked for Dealer Daily project, it's a Web application, which has
integrated Toyota Management System and the DMS. It provides the dealers
with a complete inventory of Toyota vehicles with trade capability for
dealers across US. The scope of performance testing includes Load,
Endurance and Regression testing of the application.

Responsibilities:
. Understand the business flows from developers.
. Interacting closely with the project team.
. Coordinated with my team member in Test plan reparation, Scripting, Test
execution, Test result Analysis and Performance Test Report for various
releases.
. Gained experience and scripted in Rational Performance Tester for web
protocol.
. Raising defects and tracking the same.
. Reporting the testing status to the entire team.

Cognizant Technology Solutions, India
Dec'06 - Feb'06
Role: Trainee - Software QA (Cognizant, India)

Extensive training included Software Engineering, SDLC, Testing
Fundamentals, Object Oriented Programming, Databases and Networking.
Internal performance testing training included hands on exercises on Silk
Performer and Load Runner.

Personal Details:

Full Name Jagadeesh Anbalagan
Sex Male
Date of Birth 4th Nov 1981
Marital Status Married
Nationality Indian
US work H1-B valid till 4th apr 2015
authorization
Mobile No 508-***-****
Email jagajaya @gmail.com
Preferred Contact Phone and email
Method
Current Location Framingham, MA
Current Employer Cognizant Technology Solution, US Corp
Name

[pic][pic][pic]
Contact this candidate