Sid Vedula
Email: acodx3@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 408-***-****

Professional Summary

. Over 6 years of experience in the IT field as a Software Quality
Assurance and Testing Professional with focus on testing of Web based
applications as well as Client/Server applications.
. Strong understanding and working knowledge of Software Development
Life Cycle (SDLC) and Software Testing Life Cycle (STL).
. Experience in Establishing QA Procedures, QA Standards, proficient in
writing Test Plans, documenting the Test Procedures and writing in-
depth Test Cases to meet the Testing Cycle.
. Experience in creating Traceability Matrix to ensure comprehensive
test coverage of requirements.
. Strong analytical experience in developing user interface, functional
specifications, and application rules based on specific: Performance
Testing, Client/Server Testing, Web based Application Testing, GUI
Testing, Functional Testing, Integration Testing, Regression Testing,
Interface Testing, Security Testing, API Testing and Database Testing.
. Implemented Linear, Structured and Data Driven framework using
extensive VBScript in Quick Test Professional
. Provided Quality Center and Quality Center Dashboard overview and
extensive training to individual development Testing Team for
implementation of unified and better bug tracking process.
. Proficiency in End-End testing and Back-End Database testing using
Oracle 9i, 10g, 11g and SQL Server.
. Extensively used SOAPUI to validate SOAP/WSDL and web services.
. Dynamic and assertive team player with a strong inclination to improve
and optimize process development and implementation.
. Possess excellent analytical skills with good communication and self-
organizing skills, assertive and a committed team player.

Technical Skills/
Operating Systems Windows 95/98/2000 Server/XP/Vista/7, UNIX
Databases SQL Server 2000, 2005, 2008, Oracle 9i, 10g, 11g,
MySQL 4.1, 5.0, MS Access 2003
Languages C, C++, Core Java, SQL, HTML, XML
Client Scripting VBScript,JavaScript
Version Control Rational Clear Case, TortoiseSVN, CVS
Testing Tools HP Quality Center 9.0/8.2, TestDirector 8.0/7.x.,
Quick Test Pro 10/9.x/8.2, Rational Functional
Tester
Performance Tools Silk Performer, Dynatrace, Load Runner
Defect Tracking Tools Rational Clear Quest 7.1, Test Director 7.6, TFS,
JIRA,
Mercury Quality Center 8.2, HP Quality Center 9.0,
9.2,10
Database Tools Toad, AQT
Webservice Tools Soap UI
Security Tools IBM AppScan
Methodologies Rational Unified Process, Agile, Waterfall, Test
Driven Development
HTML Editors MS FrontPage 2003,EditPlus 3.0,Notepad++

Professional Experience

Project : CMD, XF, AE, SA
Client : Premier Healthcare, Charlotte, NC
Role : QA/Performance Engineer
Duration: May 2013-Present

Cleanse My Data (CMD) will provide users, both internal and external, with
the capability to match a product to a cleansed item in the Premier Item
Master (PIM). Being able to do this will allow for more appropriate
contract opportunity analysis because users will be able to categorize an
incorrectly matched item to the correct item in PIM. Release 1 dealt with
Internal Users and Release 2 provided access to External Users.

Transform (XF) is a client based application used by the internal
operations team to load Patient data into the legacy system which is then
fed to downstream systems.

The Advisor Exchange (AE) is a Web-based Internet application that provides
access to a variety of data management tools including the file upload
utility, data conversions area, as well as data validation, maintenance,
delivery and other reports. The administration areas allow customer
administrators to control end-user access to data and applications.

Safety Advisor (SA) is a clinical decision support tool designed to process
and normalize large amounts of patient data in real time so that Safety
Advisor can identify in an automated fashion the patients clinicians need
to evaluate so that the patient's care, experience, and outcome can be
improved.

Responsibilities:

. Developed test cases and scripts for GUI testing, functionality
testing, interface testing and regression testing.
. Performed cross browser testing on various browser like IE, Firefox,
Chrome, Safari, Opera.
. Attended daily scrum meetings and kept track of bugs found and updated
development team with the same.
. Extensively used Advanced Query tool (AQT) for writing SQL and
validating the data transformations developed by IBM Data Stage.
. Extracted data from various sources like IBM DB2, Oracle, flat files
and SQL Server.
. Tested Complex ETL Mappings and Sessions based on business user
requirements and business rules to load data from source flat files
and RDBMS tables to target tables.
. Created ETL test data for all ETL mapping rules to test the
functionality of the Data stage Mapping.
. Responsible for Performance Testing including stress testing and load
testing using Borland Silk Performer.
. Used Borland Silk Test for automated regression testing.
. Involved in writing System test plan, test cases and test procedures
and test scenarios.
. Used PuTTY to extract the log files from server.
. Examined server log files to identify the root cause of issues and
found the potential issues from server side logs.
. Performed Security testing of the web app using AppScan and Soap UI.
. Tracked and reported bugs using Quality Center for managing bug
features, tasks or improvements or any issues. Created and updated the
defects through Quality Center.
. Integrated with development team and discussed the technical problems,
reported bugs and supported the team.
. Used Dynatrace's Pure path technology to monitor and profile Java and
.Net Applications.
. Created automated test framework for Powerbuilder applications using
QTP.

Environment: Windows XP/7, Quality Center 11.0, Java EE 5/6, PuTTY, UNIX,SoapUI 4.0, IBM WebSphere Application Server, AQT 9.1.2, IBM DB2,IBM
Info sphere Data stage 8.7,Selenium IDE, Borland Silk Performer 10, Borland
Silk Test, dynaTrace Client 5.5, Rally, JIRA 6.0.4. Edit plus 3.0, WSDL,
XML, HTML, UNIX, Agile Methodology, QTP. IBM Security AppScan Standard 8.6

HP, Houston, TX
Oct 2011 -Jan 2013

Role: Sr. QA Analyst

The eCG (eConfigure GUI) is an enterprise software solution that enables
storefronts to effectively integrate complete interactive product
configuration web applications into storefront sites. eConfigure GUI's
technology is unique in its ability to leverage the complete customer
interactive experience of configuration for multiple storefronts,
delivering fast time to market and low integration costs. Having online
buyers as the focal point, the product excels as an easy tool to configure
the HP products, as customers need.

Responsibilities:

. Understanding the requirements and preparing Test Plan and Test Cases
using Business Requirements, Use Cases.
. Tested the application under Agile methodology.
. Performed Functional Testing, Smoke Testing and Regression Testing
using SoapUI.
. Performed white-box testing of the Java APIs in Eclipse. Utilized
JUnit for automated unit testing.
. Functional responsibilities included performing Web based Testing that
include Usability testing, Compatibility testing, Performance testing.

. Executed SQL Queries to query the database to test the back end
process of stock level maintenance module.
. Tracked all the bugs and fixed them using QC tracking system and
generated reports and graphs.
. Contribution in Requirement Traceability matrix using Quality Center.
. Performed Risk Analysis to determine the focus of the testing,
identified critical business processes.
. Responsible to verify Web services API request, response data
validations in REST, SOAP protocols.
. Involved in writing System test plan, test cases and test procedures
and test scenarios.
. Used UNIX commands and PuTTy to extract the log files from server.
. Examined server log files to identify the root cause of issues and
found the potential issues from server side logs.
. Tracked and reported bugs using Quality Center for managing bug
features, tasks or improvements or any issues. Created and updated the
defects through Quality Center.
. Integrated with development team and discussed the technical problems,
reported bugs and supported the team.
. Involved in using QTP to create automated test scripts.
. Involved in tests to establish the load capacity of the server using
Load Runner.
. Involved in Scrum, Sprint planning, and review meetings to discuss
status of the project.
. Attended review meetings and walkthroughs to discuss the status of the
project.
. Actively involved in Ad Hoc meetings to improve the performance of
testing process.

Environment: Windows XP/7, Quality Center 10.0, QTP 10.0, Java EE 5/6,
TortoiseSVN, PuTTy, SoapUI 4.0,RESTful Webservice, LoadRunner 11.0, Web
Logic Application Server 8.0, 10.0 MP1,Oracle 10g, Edit plus 3.0,WSDL, XML,
HTML, UNIX, Agile Methodology.

FedEx Office, Dallas,TX
Jan 2011 -Sep 2011

Role: QA Analyst/Performance Engineer

Project is about implementing Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA) adopted
by various FedEx Office systems to enable a cross channel customer
experience. FedEx Office Print & Go and Print Online are some of the
innovative services launched to simplify the task of preparing and
transmitting documents for output at FedEx Office locations.

Responsibilities:

. Involved in the development of test plans, test scenarios and test
strategies to facilitate process of testing.
. Wrote test harnesses to test APIs and web services
. Developed and executed Quick Test Pro Automation test scripts using
and expanding on the underlying framework.
. Involved in using QTP to create automated test scripts.
. Performed extensive web services testing using SoapUI Tool.
. Involved in data mapping of the project requirements, queried the
database using SQL queries for data mining, data analysis and data
modeling.
. Performed cross browser testing on various browser like IE, Firefox,
Chrome, Safari, Opera.
. Attended daily SCRUM meetings and kept track of bugs found and updated
development team with the same.
. Involved in User Acceptance testing (UAT) process.
. Involved in Production Support in solving the production support
critical issues.
. Responsible for Performance Testing including stress testing and load
testing using Borland Silk Performer.

Environment: Windows XP, Quality Center 10.0, QTP 10.0, Java EE 5, Oracle
10g, SoapUI 3.6, AJAX,WSDL, XML, HTML, JavaScript, JBoss 5.1, Borland Silk
Performer, Borland Silk Test, UNIX, Agile Methodology.

Mercury Insurance Group, Brea, CA
Aug 2008-Dec 2010

Role: QA Analyst

Mercury Insurance Group is one of the leading auto insurance providers in
the United States .It also provides various services like life insurance,
home insurance etc. The project's objective was to test NextGen Project
functionality. Next Gen is a multi-year, multi-million dollar initiative
aimed at replacing the core underwriting, billing and claims systems at
Mercury Insurance.
Responsibilities:

. Review Business Requirements, Functional and Design Documents.
Complete test plans, test cases based on Projects and IT Service
Requests from the various business units.
. Performed manual and automated testing for the Mercury Insurance
NextGen project.
. Created Checkpoints and Synchronization points for functional testing
using Quick Test Professional.
. Mentoring, providing technical support and training to Development and
Functional team in using QTP tools to improve daily task qualities.
. Documented and assisted with the resolution of test issues.
. Documented problems in an issue log and retested software corrections
to ensure problem resolutions.
. Performed Web Testing and GUI Testing.
. Developed numerous tests for API and Functional Testing.
. Analyzed, documented, verified and managed system change requests such
as defects, enhancements and new features.
. Used TestDirector /Rational Clear Quest to log defects.
. Performed database testing via Querying database-using SQL to verify
browser interaction with the database.
. Supported main application and integrated applications for all
environments (Development, Maintenance, QA, and Production).

Environment: Windows XP,Java EE 5, Oracle 10g, QTP 9.2, TestDirector 8.0,
Rational Clear Quest, XML, HTML, Apache Tomcat, UNIX, Windows XP, RUP
Methodology.
Contact this candidate