AURELE LOBO FAITUS

Contact @ 201-***-****, Email: acqpkv@r.postjobfree.com, acqpkv@r.postjobfree.com

SOFTWARE TESTING PROFESSIONAL
Offering over 9 years of successful experience in the IT industry. To scale heights in performance engineering, through continuous learning and skill development in a challenging environment.

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATION

High level of confidence gained through 8.5 years’ of hands on experience in the Performance Testing & Engineering specifically in Banking, Insurance, Retail, Education and Life Science domain.
Has the ability and experience to understand the architecture and life cycle of a project in depth and would be an ideal candidate for the whole process and team management.
Acquired capabilities in independently handling various phases of performance testing in both Waterfall & Agile methodology.
Have in-depth knowledge of processes and procedures needed in a professional performance management environment, well versed in testing methodologies.
Having a good experience in testing J2EE, .NET, Mobile Web & Native, Citrix, SAP GUI, SAP Reports, Filenet, IBM WebSphere Message Queue, Ajax TrueClient, Web services, ModelN, SharePoint applications using the market leading tools.
Co-ordinate efficiently within teams and with business/application stake holders for performance test requirements, performance monitoring and results discussions.
Effective resource planner with exposure in sketching & analyzing the test plans with various test scenarios.
Engineering graduate, ambitious and focused.

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION

Bachelor of Engineering, ECE, from M. P. Nachimuthu M. Jagananthan Engineering College, Anna University, Tamil Nadu, India (Year: 2006)

Higher Education in St. Francis Xavier’s Higher Secondary School, Tuticorin, Tamil Nadu, India (Year: 2000)

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Tools:
Testing Tools – 1 : HP LoadRunner (Web, Citrix, SAPGUI, Mobile, WS, Java, AJAX)
Testing Tools – 2 : HP Performance Centre, HP Service Test, Soap UI
Testing Tools – 3 : IBM GreenHat, MS VSTS, JMeter
Defect Management Tool : HP Quality Centre, Rally
Profiling Tools - 1 : MS SQL Profiler, HP Diagnostics, JRockit Mission Control, Fiddler
Profiling Tools - 2 : DynaTrace 4.2, DynaTrace AJAX Client, IE F12 Debugging tool
Profiling Tools – 3 : IBM HAT, IBM PMAT
Monitoring Tools – 1 : MS Perfmon, HP OVPM, HP Glance, NMON Analyzer
Monitoring Tools – 2 : Oracle Enterprice Manager, CA eHealth, VMSTAT/IOSTAT
Monitoring Tools – 3 : BMC Patrol Investigate, Splunk, HP SiteScope
Monitoring Tools – 4 (Mobile) : Xcode Instruments, Xamarin Profiler
Monitoring Tools – 5 (Azure) : Azure Management Studio, Application Insights, DB Monitoring using Dynamic Management Views (DMVs)
Data Management Tool : HP Virtual Table Server (VTS)
Network Simulation Tool : Shunra for HP Software, Network Link Conditioner (Mac OS)

Systems Knowledge:
Operating System – WINDOWS, LINUX
RDBMS – MS-SQL, ORACLE, DB2, Azure SQL
Cloud Infrastructure – Microsoft Azure
Languages – C, C++, VB.Net, Java

PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATIONS:

oHP certified Accredited Integration Specialist (AIS) for Performance Center v9. HP LoadRunner Software (HP0-M18) and HP Virtual User Generator (HP0-M19).

oCognizant certified Professional in Performance Engineering Level-0

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

oAn Integrated SharePoint environment Intranet application of Standard Chartered Bank has been benchmarked in Microsoft Technology Centers (in Bangalore).

oA Core Banking application (Intellectual Core) of Polaris has been benchmarked in HP Labs (in Bangalore).

WORK EXPERIENCE:

EMPLOYER (#1)

Employer Name : Cognizant Technology Solutions
Designation : Senior Associate (Performance Testing Centre of Excellence)
Span : Since April 2010

Responsibilities
a)Understand the application technology, architecture and its workload model from the Client/Project team.
b)Identifying & analyzing customer’s requirements by maintaining active & comprehensive conversation.
c)Involvement in all the performance testing phases like test strategy, test plan, test scripting, test scenario designing, test execution, monitoring, root cause analysis and reporting.
d)Generating Scripts, Test Execution and Analysis using Customer preferred tool based on Business Requirements and Functional Specification.
e)Co-ordinate with the onshore & offshore team members to make best deliverables on time.
f)Performing necessary engineering to analyze the bottlenecks in the application using the profiling tools and provide recommendations to resolve the issue.
g)Coordinating with developers for categorization & reporting bugs in structure/ functionality of application and resolution of the same.
h)Presenting demo to the Clients on the test reports and the challenges faced during the phases.

Projects:-

Client : Pearson, USA Dec 2014 – Till Date
Project Names : PsoC (Pearson System of Courses)
Work Location : New York City, NY, USA
Role : Mobile Performance Test Engineer
Technologies : Xcode, Xamarin, Node JS Internal Caching, Azure Microsoft Cloud, Azure SQL
Tools Used : Loadrunner 12.02 (Mobile, HTTP/HTTPS, Webservice, TruClient - IE), Performance Center 11.0, Xcode Instruments, Xamarin Profiler, Azure Management Studio, Azure Application Insights, Azure DB Monitoring using Dynamic Management Views (DMVs), Fiddler, Charles Proxy, JMeter, Network Link Conditioner (Mac OS).

Description:
In Pearson, Pearson System of Courses (PsoC) is designed as a single coherent ecosystem of teaching and learning. It leverages technology in the classroom to deliver everything teachers and school leaders need to support student learning, classroom management, assessment, and professional development.
Performance engineering activities were performed on native app installed in client devices (iOS & Win8) and on backend services using the available tools, which helped to fine tune and make the app stable.

Client : MedImmune LLC, USA May 2014 – Dec 2014
Project Names : Labware GQCLIMS
Work Location : Chennai, TN, India
Role : Performance Test Lead
Technologies : Citrix Server, Labware LIMS, DB2
Tools Used : Performance Center 12.01 (Citrix), MS Perfmon.

Description:
In MedImmune, GQCLIMS software is used which allows us to effectively manage samples and associated data to improve lab efficiency. By using a LIMS, your lab can automate workflows, integrate instruments, and manage samples and associated information. Labs using LIMS boost their level of professionalism and their ability to meet customer demand in two ways – (a) LIMS helps labs produce accurate, reproducible results faster and more reliably, (b) LIMS makes data from sequencing runs easier to store, track, and assess over time and across experiments so that labs can evaluate and improve operational efficiency.

Client : Mass Mutual Financial Group, USA Feb 2014 – May 2014
Work Location : Springfield, Massachusetts, USA (Onsite), Chennai, India (Offshore)
Role : Performance Test Lead
Technologies : Informatica, Teradata, Oracle, Maestro Job Admin Console, OBIEE Reports, IBM AIX, Windows Server 2003 /2008 R2
Tools Used : HP Performance Center 11, NMON Analyzer, HP SiteScope 11.

Description:
MassMutual Financial Group is a marketing name for Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (MassMutual) and its affiliated companies and sales representatives. Projects will be allocated from both Insurance group & Retirement services with the responsibility to provide the performance test results on both client side and server side.

Client : USAA, USA June 2013 – Feb 2014
Work Location : San Antonio, TX, USA
Role : Performance Test Engineer Lead
Technologies : J2EE, SharePoint, Mobile Apps with Webservices and Servlets, Java Batch Jobs
Tools Used : Performance Center 11.0, Loadrunner 11.0 (HTTP/HTTPS), Compuware DynaTrace, Soap UI, BMC, NMON, IBM PMAT, IBM HAT, MS Perfmon.

Description:
USAA is a financial services provider for the military and their families. Performance engineering excellence team conducts engineering work on all applications before going to live. Have responsibilities to deliver solution for the degradation.
Project : GCPS Performance Testing June 2012 – June 2013
Client : Amgen, USA
Work Location : Amgen, California, USA
Role : Performance Test Lead
Technologies : Model-N (Revenue Management Product), QlikView, Cognos, Oracle 11g, Informatica
Tools Used : Performance Center 11.0, Loadrunner 11.0 (HTTP/HTTPS), CA eHealth, OEM, JRockit Mission Control, MS Perfmon

Description:
Amgen discovers, develops, manufactures and delivers innovative human therapeutics. The Global Contract & Pricing system is intended to serve Amgen’s business entities worldwide, enabled by a single system (ModelN) which is used for the Revenue Management Enterprise & Intelligence. It is a broad set of transactional applications that automate the execution of revenue management processes such as incentive and rebate management, pricing, and contracting and serve as a system of record for these processes.

Project : Group Administration (GA) for MetLife Nov 2011 – Apr 2012
Client : MetLife, USA
Work Location : MetLife, South Carolina, USA
Role : Performance Test Lead
Technologies : IBM WebSphere Message Broker, WebSphere Message Queue, IBM WebSphere Service Registry and Repository, IBM DB2, Star Team, IBM AIX
Tools Used : HP Loadrunner9.52 (Web services & Java), HP Service Test 11.0, IBM Green Hat 5.4, and RFH Util

Description:
Metropolitan Life Insurance Company (MetLife) is one of the top insurance companies in the world and leading insurance company in USA. The Group Administration (GA) program in MetLife is a multi-year initiative that will enable us to consolidate and automate multiple IT systems into an integrated platform, which will provide better support for our associates to service our customers.

Project : Met1010175-Shared Services PTG for MetLife Apr 2011 – Nov 2011
Client : MetLife, USA
Work Location : Cognizant Technology Solutions de Argentina, Buenos Aires, ARGENTINA
Role : Project Lead
Technologies : JBoss, Web Sphere Web & Application Servers, DB2, Oracle, SQL 2005, Microsoft .Net Framework
Tools Used : Loadrunner 9.52 (HTTP/HTTPS, Web services)

Description:
The project involves benchmarking the performance of various MetLife Individual Business (IB) and Institutional (INST) applications for its multiple releases. Met1010175-Shared Services

Project : Loblaw - SAP Migration Apr 2010 – Mar 2011
Client : Loblaw Companies Limited, CANADA
Role : Performance Test Engineer
Technologies : SAP, SAP Net weaver, IBM AIX
Tools Used : Loadrunner 9.1 (SAPGUI, SAPWEB), NMON

Description:
Loblaw Companies Limited is Canada’s largest food distributor and a leading provider of general merchandise products, drugstore and financial products and services. The main objective of the engagement is the migration of all the existing application into an integrated SAP ERP system. Performance testing activities has done with the Legacy applications, which should not degrade the existing performance and should not overhead in centralizing the data from various applications.

EMPLOYER (#2)

Employer Name : POLARIS Software Labs Pvt Ltd, Chennai, India
Designation : Associate Consultant (Performance Testing)
Span : December 2009 ~ April 2010

Responsibilities
(a) Generating Scripts, Test Execution and Analysis using LoadRunner 9.1 and Performance Centre 9.5 tools based on Business Requirements and Functional Specification.
(b) Successfully enhance the testing scope by inserting synchronization points, parameterization, and correlations based on the company standards.
(c) Performing Load Testing and Stress Testing for Web Based Applications.
(d) Monitor the application and capture Key metrics such as JVM related metrics, Server utilization metrics using CA Wily Introscope, HP OVPM, HP Glance and HP Diagnostics.
(e) Implement tire wise breakdown approach
(f) Analyze Application and Infrastructure server logs to perform root cause analysis
(g) Discuss and analyze the results along with application owners, system and database administrators
(h) Generate interim performance diagnostics results of application monitoring.

Projects:-

Project : Intellect Core Banking Application Feb 2010 – Apr 2010
Client : Polaris, INDIA
Role : Performance Test Engineer
Technologies : Weblogic10.1, Oracle 10g, HP-UX
Tools Used : Loadrunner 9.5 (HTTP/HTTPS), VTS2, HP OVPM, HP Glance, MS Perfmon

Description : Intellect Core (Core Banking Application) is an integrated, scalable, flexible, secure and customer-centric core banking platform developed by Polaris Software Labs. It integrates effortlessly with existing legacy applications, and is built on a SOA backbone with contemporary J2EE-based technology. It is designed with re-usable components, which makes it highly modular and flexible. Capacity Planning was planned for this application packages which were deployed in the HP-UX servers. This benchmarking engagement has been performed in HP Labs (Bangalore) with HP server owners, who are in the part of testing to tune the servers till it extends.

Project : Citi One Source CRM (Sales Force Dot Com) Dec 2009 – Feb 2010
Client : Citi Bank, INDIA
Role : Performance Test Engineer
Tools Used : Performance Centre 9.5, Loadrunner 9.1 (HTTP/HTTPS)

Description : Salesforce.com is a Customer Relationship Management hosted solution is integrated with in-house OneSource, an ERP application of CITI bank deployed the application into the cloud computing environment of SalesForce.Com.

EMPLOYER (#3)

Employer Name : QASSURE Technologies Pvt Ltd, Chennai, India
Client : Scope International, Chennai (Subsidiary of Standard Chartered Bank)
Designation : Software Test Engineer (Performance Testing)
Span : February 2007 ~ December 2009

Responsibilities
(a) Actively involved in framework setup for creating test strategy, test plan, test scenarios and scripts.
(b) Designing and developing test procedures and cases based on requirements.
(c) Developing of Functional Test Cases covering complete functionality.
(d) Performing Load Testing and Stress Testing for Web Based and Client Server Applications.
(e) Successfully enhance the testing scope by inserting synchronization points, parameterization, and recovery manager for GUI.
(f) Generating Scripts, Test Execution and Analysis using Loadrunner 9.1 & Performance Centre 9.5 (& VSTS2008, based on requirement) tool based on Business Requirements and Functional Specification.
(g) Efficiently tracking bugs and perform regression testing reporting the defects and ensuring the resolution using Quality Centre 9.2.
(h) Identifying & analyzing customer’s requirements by maintaining active & comprehensive conversation.
(i) Coordinating with developers for categorization & reporting bugs in structure/ functionality of application and resolution of the same.

Projects:-

Project : Customer Document Management System (in IBM-Filenet) Aug 2009 – Dec 2009
Client : Standard Chartered Bank
Role : Performance Test Analyst
Technologies : IBM-Filenet, Oracle 9i, SQL Server 2005
Tools Used : Performance Centre9.5, Loadrunner9.1 (Web HTTP), Quality Centre 9.2

Description : Customer Document Management System is an application developed using the Filenet Technology used as a repository of all the documents which is related to the customers and it has been used across world-wide by the employee for their reference. This Filenet application architecture is implemented using four major components (Content Engine, File Engine, Process Engine & Database server) each deployed in individual servers.

Project : Managed Distribution Information System Feb 2009 – July 2009
Client : Standard Chartered Bank
Role : Test Analyst (Performance Testing)
Technologies : J2EE, Apache Tomcat, Oracle 9i
Tools Used : Loadrunner9.1 (Web HTTP), Quality Centre 9.2

Description : Managed Distribution Information System (MDIS) is an application which is used to trigger out the outgoing MAILS, SMS, FAX through it.

Project : Network Custody System July 2008 – Jan 2009
Client : Standard Chartered Bank
Role : Test Analyst (Performance Testing)
Technologies : Citrix, Power Builder, Sybase
Tools Used : Load runner 8.1 (Citrix), Quality Centre 9.2

Description : Network Custody System is an application developed in the Citrix environment using Power builder as its front-end designing and DB2 as its back-end server. Performance Test has been conducted for both the online users and also for the Batch process.

Project : Online Reward Redemption Feb 2008 – Jun 2008
Client : Standard Chartered Bank Role : Test Analyst (Performance Testing)
Technologies : J2EE, Oracle 9i
Tools Used : LoadRunner 8.1 (Web HTTP), Quality Centre 9.0

Description : Online Reward Redemption is an online service website for customers to place orders for redeeming the bonus points earned across different products with the Bank.

Project : MOSS Infrastructure with Bespoke Applications Oct 2007 – Jan 2008
Client : Standard Chartered Bank
Role : Test Analyst (Performance Testing)
Technologies : MOSS2007, SQL Server 2005
Tools Used : Visual Studio Team Suite 2008, SQL Profiler 2005

Description : Standard Chartered Bank influences Microsoft Office SharePoint Server (MOSS) to integrate all of its collaborative sites (for the employees inside the SCB alone) into the MOSS environment using all the features of it.
The Capacity Planning engagement was planned before implementation using the MOSS 2007 server getting deployed in the Windows 2003 R2 server with Itanium server h/w. This POC has been done in the Microsoft Technology Centers (Bangalore) along with the Microsoft Architects. On finalizing the performance test, recommendations has been given to upgrade the OS from 32bit to 64bit, hardware configurations upgrade, cache enabling on geographical locations and several additional parameters tuned on.

Project : PeopleSoft – eProcurement Jun 2007 – Sep 2007
Client : Standard Chartered Bank
Role : Test Analyst (Performance Testing)
Technologies : Peoplesoft, Oracle 9i
Tools Used : LoadRunner 8.1 (Web HTTP), Test Director

Description : This is an enterprise application, which is used inside the SCB infrastructure connecting the consumer vendors through the interfaces. This web application is used for Creating and approving purchasing requisitions, placing purchase orders and receiving goods and services by using a software system based on Internet technology.

Project : QASSURE Recruitment Portal Feb 2007 – May 2007
Client : QASSURE Technologies Pvt Ltd
Role : Test Analyst (Performance Testing)
Technologies : J2EE, MySQL
Tools Used : LoadRunner 8.1 (Web HTTP)

Description : QASSURe Recruitment Portal is an Online job site, developed mainly on focusing 1 Lakhs users from India.

EMPLOYER (#4)

Employer Name : Trident Facility Service Pvt Ltd, Chennai, India
Client : Cipta Segar Sdn Bhd, Malaysia
Designation : Software Engineer Trainee
Span : October 2005 ~ December 2006
Responsibilities : Assisting for the project works done in the .Net platform.

PERSONAL DETAILS

Nationality: Indian
Marital Status: Married
Visa: H1B
References: Available on Request.
Contact this candidate