STUART C. BREZGER
***** ***** ****** *****, *******, Texas 77077-3415
281-***-**** (Mobile) acs9uy@r.postjobfree.com (E-mail) Resume of Stuart C. Brezger January 2016
CAREER SUMMARY
Diversified Petroleum Engineering professional with hands-on operator and service companies working experience. Skilled in operational management, optimization and technical engineering analysis. A value adding team member with a demonstrated ability to work independently, collaborate with multiple disciplines and strong communication skills. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Young Engineers Program - Swift Energy Operating, LLC, Houston, Texas, August 2013-Present
Completed immersive technical training program in all aspects of oil and gas drilling operations fromwell inception to completion. Contracted to multiple service companies that provided a comprehensive hands-on field experience in drilling operations before moving to operator office operations.
Performance Field Drilling Engineer – Swift Energy Operating, LLC, Houston, Texas, July 2015-Present o Supervised all operations at wellsite while coordinating work with service companies and third party personnel. Signed field service cost tickets, led pre-tour and pre-job safety meetings, maintained an accurate record of all expenditures and prepared daily operation reports. Used RimBase software for reports presentation in daily teleconference meetings. o Utilized Landmark Wellplan to perform hydraulics, torque and drag analysis to optimize drilling performance. Included successful completion of three 8,500’ lateral horizontal Eagle Ford wells. o Responsible for surge and swab analysis prior to casing runs, cement volume calculations and supervision of cement and displacement operations. Completed end of well reports and led presentations covering final data. o Assisted office engineers for cost/benefit analyses, failure tracking and data.
MWD Field Engineer/Directional Driller – Premier Directional Drilling, Houston, Texas, July 2014-July 2015 o Maintained MWD equipment on location. Operated both mud pulse and electro-magnetic systems. o Managed tool string assembly, programming, and disassembly. Assisted with surface equipment set up, operation and prepared daily reports. Recorded real time directional surveys and provided gamma logs. o Prepared daily reports, maintained an updated inventory of all downhole tools on location, configured BHA’s for optimal drilling performance and coordinated with operator representative on site for desired performance. o Computed survey projections, controlled wellbore paths according to well plans and geologist recommendations and kept an accurate daily log of all drilling, sliding and rig activity.
Pithand/Floorhand – Sidewinder Drilling, Houston, Texas, January 2014-July 2014 o Assisted in drilling rig set up, daily maintenance, disassembly and rig move. Responsible for handling drill pipe and tools, nippling up and down B.O.P. and daily cleaning. Operated fork lifts and man lifts as necessary. o Coordinated with Derrickhand and Mud Engineer on location for mud treatment, transfer, and circulation. o Mixed chemicals, created and pumped sweeps and slugs, maintained and changed out shaker screens.
Fluid Service Technician - Newpark Drilling Fluids, Houston, Texas, August 2013-January 2014 o Completed Newpark Drilling Fluids School with 94% average out of 100. o Provided 24 hour on-site service to operators for both water-based and oil-based drilling fluid systems. o Conducted daily sampling and testing of drilling fluids, maintained an updated on-site product and fluid volume inventory and created appropriate fluid treatment programs from fluid test results and well programs. EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Petroleum Engineering - Louisiana State University, Baton Rouge, Louisiana, 2008 to 2013.
Admitted to College of Engineering and LSU Honors College. Earned major GPA 3.5, cumulative GPA 3.2.
Elected to Pi Sigma Theta National Honor Society. Strake Jesuit College Preparatory High School, Houston, Texas, 2004 to 2008. LEADERSHIP
Earned Boy Scouts of America (BSA) Eagle Scout rank and further earned the bronze, gold and silver Eagle Palm awards beyond Eagle rank, Houston, Texas.
Attended BSA National Advanced Youth Leadership Experience Pilot Course, Cimarron, New Mexico. ACTIVITIES, INTERESTS AND SKILLS
Society of Petroleum Engineers member.
Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite, RimBase, AutoCAD, WinServe, Hawkeye 3D directional program, Landmark software suites for real time drilling analysis and Newpark HyCalc software.
Contact this candidate