GOPI PARTHASARATHY
***** **** ****** *****,**** Austin, Texas-78726(for work)
972-***-****: acvtq5@r.postjobfree.com

****, * **** ** #****, Chicago, IL-60616 (Permanent address)

Working Status: Approved H1-B (I-797) from October 2016.

Summary:

5+ years of diverse experience in information technology with emphasis in Software Development/Software Testing/Performance Engineering/Quality Assurance.
Strong programming skills in C, C++ and UNIX, worked extensively on C++ Applications.
Working knowledge of Telecom and Health Insurance sector.
Extensive knowledge in SDLC and Performance Test Life Cycle.
Involved in developing load and performance test scripts using Web (HTTP/HTML), Web Services, Mobile HTTP/HTML, Mobile True Client.
Expertise in using performance testing tools such as HP Load Runner, Performance Center,
Experience in using monitoring and diagnostic tools such as HP-Diagnostics, BMC Patrol for profiling and identifying the bottlenecks in an application.
Hands on experience with Services Oriented Architecture (SOA).
Analyzed Test Results using various Online Monitoring Graphs.
Developed and deployed test Load scripts to do end to end performance testing using Load Runner.
Analyzed the results using Load Runners Analysis and various monitor tools (Transaction's per second, Hits/second, and Transaction response time).
Experienced in management and maintenance SOA related services using HP Service Test, Soap UI.
Checked for Network Bottlenecks using Network Delay Time and Vuser Graphs
Sound knowledge of Load, Stress and performance test using Load Runner
Excellence in preparing test scripts, test plans functionality testing, security, regression, back end, and configuration testing, parameterization, multiple actions
In depth knowledge in preparing Test Plans, Test cases and Test Scripts, detailed performance results reports and closure reports.
Knowledge of SDLC methodology.
Ability to effectively analyze a variety of reports.
Ability to lead, work in a team or work independently
Hardworking with an enthusiasm to learn new technologies
Involved in gathering business requirement, studying the application and collecting the information from developers and writing the test plan.
Responsible for the creation and execution of both manual and automation scripts.

Technical Skills
Languages
C/C++,STL, SQL, Unix Shell, HTML,JAVA,Hibernate
Performance Testing
Load Runner Protocols: Web HTTP/HTML, Web Click and Script, Web Services, ODBC, AJX-Mobile, HTTP/HTML(Mobile)
Software/Tools
HP Load Runner, Performance Center, Quality Center, Site Scope, MS Visio, Outlook, Office, Putty, MobaXterm, Squirrel SQLPerfmon, Jmeter, GWT/Smart GWT, SOAP UI,Toad,Apache Tomcat
Operating system
UNIX, Linux, AIX, Solaris, Windows 2000, Windows 2003 Server, Windows XP Pro, Windows 7, Windows Vista
Databases
MS Access, Oracle, Informix, DB2
Document Standards
CSV, XMl

STATISTICAL TOOLS & CERTIFICATIONS
SAS Enterprise Miner with SAS Base 9.1, XL Miner and WEKA
SAS Certification in Business Intelligence and Data Mining

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
Master of Science in Management Information Systems, University of Texas, Dallas, TX, USA Graduation: Dec 2014 GPA: 3.695
Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering, Amrita School of Engineering, Bangalore, India Graduated in August 2008 GPA: 3.5

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Sailpoint Technologies, Austin, TX Oct 2015-present
Performance Engineer

Responsibilities
Entrusted with range of responsibilities of Performance Optimization, SLA specifications and Quality Assurance.
Creation of Test plan and setting up the Performance Life cycle guidelines for the project.
Development of scripts in Jmeter for automating various scenarios.
Worked for Architecture Services Team responsible for Performance improvement.
Conducting client side performance engagements (Health checks) to improve the performance of the product.
Evaluating standard benchmarks for tasks of the product such as Aggregation of Identity Cubes and Refresh tasks.(R/S/T)
Monitoring the performance of JVM and worst performing queries using Java Melody.
Analysis of Health check reports for slow performing tasks and recommendations.
Identifying sizing related anomalies for customer foot print and recommending the right sizing architectural suggestions.
Identifying and recommending fixes for performance related problems with Heap Analysis, Xmx, Xms and Garbage Collections methods.
Analysis of Heap dumps, Thread dumps and AWR Reports on Customer environments.
Code Reviews for finding performance related issues.
Identifying memory related issues in high stress scenario with tasks performing at maximum thread level.

Blue Cross Blue Shield Association, Chicago, IL Jul 2014-Oct 2015
Performance Engineer consultant

Responsibilities
Entrusted with range of responsibilities of Performance Optimization, SLA specifications and Quality Assurance.
Creation of Test plan and setting up the Performance Life cycle guidelines for the project.
Development of scripts in HP Load Runner for various scripts for SOAP Web Services and Mobile version applications.
Load Testing of SOAP Web Services using JMeter.
Scripting Functional Performance Engineering aspects by analyzing longest running queries and providing inputs for optimizing Code, DB level enhancements.
Implementing Rendezvous points for mimicking production like traffic scenario.
Using VTS server data recorder for analyzing long running requests.
Microscopic Analysis of response time details using App Dynamics with each Level response time cost and assisting the SA team to come out with system enhancements.
Performance Analysis w.r.t constraints like Memory and CPU Cores, working on AWR oracle DB reports along with DBA and suggesting suitable levels for Environment building.
Analyzing Heap dumps for solving Performance Bottlenecks w.r.t Memory leaks and memory eaters.
Conducting different types of performance tests as Load Testing, Stress Testing, Smoke Testing and Endurance Testing etc.
High level meeting and analysis with Business Stake holders for setting up performance goals and fine tuning the systems.
Troubleshooting with development teams for identifying performance bottlenecks and solving it.
Extracting huge production level data for implementing real world performance scenario and providing closely matched results.
Using different monitoring tools like Performance center, BMC Patrol, HP site scope etc.
Using mobile emulators for testing performance of Mobile versions of the application.
Monitoring WAS, WEB and DB servers for abnormal activity and finding out critical issues
Managing deployments on Performance environment.

Norfolk Southern Corporation, Atlanta, GA Sep 2013-Dec 2013
Operations Research Developer

Responsibilities
Entrusted with the range of responsibilities of Development, Maintenance and Reporting for the OR Maps application.
Implemented the mobile version of OR maps application using Java, HTML 5, CSS3 and Smart GWT for IOS and Android.
Implemented new forms for achieving the functionality for new business requirements.
Worked on appearance of old forms to fit standard tablet screen resolution.
Worked on Desktop version of OR Maps to fix critical bugs.
Enhance the functionality of the Maps for different business needs.
Coordinate with PV team to analyze defects and fixes.
Setting up performance objectives for the application with inputs from Business team.
Performance testing of Web Services using JMeter.
Monitoring Application Performance using JConsole.
Reducing the train idle time by analyzing the data and providing suitable recommendations.
Train status reports preparation by pulling data from multiple tables.

Verizon(Collabera), Bangalore, India Jul 2011-Mar 2012
Senior Engineer (Offshore)

Responsibilities
Entrusted with the responsibilities of Reporting, Development, Performance Testing and Maintenance of an effective Application.
Performed Requirement Analysis and worked for Process improvement by interacting with client
Coordinating with SA team to come with a performance engineering plan setting up SLAs.
Development, Maintenance and Supervision of BAAIS-N (Broadband Order Management) with various services like UNI, VUNI, and ENNI for enterprise level customer traffic.
Writing high level custom code using C++, C and STL.
Implementing high level custom scripts using HP Load Runner and using Controller to conduct load tests.
Continuous performance monitoring of the product and providing extended support for fixing show stoppers on performance front.
Providing inputs for getting rid of bottle necks.
Monitoring a team of 4 for analyzing critical defect data and providing performance improvements.

WIPRO Technologies, Bangalore, India May 2009-Jun 2011
Software Engineer

Responsibilities
Entrusted with a range of responsibilities to work for a Telecom giant NSN (Nokia Solutions and Services)
Performed Requirement Analysis and prepared Design Document for the features to be coded involving Preparation of Use cases, Class diagrams and Sequence diagrams
Software Development with concepts of Software Development Life cycle and Agile Development methodologies
Object Oriented Programming using C++, Multi-threading, STL & Data Structures. Involved in manual level testing and Unit testing by preparing necessary test cases
High level synchronization using multi-threading involving shared memory, semaphores and mutex concepts.
Implementing advanced high level Design patterns (Singleton, Facade) to achieve required functionality and optimize code.
Implementations of low level IP stack functionality in high level C code.
Implemented Performance Monitoring Frame work for IP counters called Performance Counters to get real time traffic counters for the packets.
Analyzed various network bottlenecks and implemented high end solution to ease the traffic
Implemented TWAMP (Two way active measurement protocol) for finding the end to end performance of the product.
Implementation of AFW and IP level stack for features like TWAMP, Synchronous Ethernet, OSPF, BFD, Ethernet Operation and Maintenance and performance counters
Implementation of feature CESoPSN (Circuit emulated services over packet switched networks) for Flexi BTS
A complete feature involving BFD triggered static rerouting to improve the network resilience
Complete back to back support for Bug fixes with high priority and maintenance of the existing FTM module.
Features and protocols implemented
Virtual LAN network(VLAN)
TWAMP(Two way active measurement protocol)
BFD triggered static re-routing
Synchronous Ethernet enhancement
Performance Monitoring framework for IP counters

Breakpath Technologies, Bangalore, India Aug 2008-April 2009
Performance Testing Analyst

Responsibilities
Involved in performance testing using HP load runner and performance center.
Implementation of scripts using load runner and SOAP UI for testing web protocols and web services.
Performing different type of tests like Load testing, Stress testing, smoke testing, endurance testing etc.
Worked on HP Vugen and Controller version 9 to create scripts and execute test cases with different scenarios
Use NMON tools to monitor CPU and memory stats for the SOLAR servers.
Preparing executive reports and closure reports for load test scenarios.

DRDO, Bangalore, India May 2006-April 2008
Software Developer Intern

Responsibilities
Worked under famous Scientists and professors for Indian defense sector.
Was involved device level driver implementation in C language
Assisted multiple teams in bug fixing and testing.
Assisted architects in design document preparation, use cases by using tools such as MS Visio.
Worked on specific project to convert arm movements in to signals by assisting professors in implementing Analog to Digital converter.

ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Data Analysis using Predictive and Descriptive Modeling, used for effective Business Decision making
Social Media Analytics with sentiment analysis for Twitter stream using big data technologies.
Writing custom Map-reduce jobs in Hadoop along with the knowledge of HIVE and other NOSQL technologies.
Building statistical models in SAS Enterprise Miner, XL Miner and WEKA
Implementing Statistical models using Base SAS (Macros) for predicting Customer Retention rate, Product trail success rate and Customer’s choice for buying products
Data Mining, Reporting and creating Dashboards with reporting tools such as SAP Business Warehouse, BEX Analyzer, Query Designer, Business Objects, Xcelsius and Crystal Reports

PROFESSIONAL ACHIEVEMENTS
Received "Feather in the Cap" award from NSN, UMTS Certification from WIPRO
Exploratory Leadership certificate from UTD.

PROFESSIONAL ORGANIZATIONS AND COMMUNITY SERVICE
SAP Users group and MIS club member (UTD). Sep 2012-Present
Student Leadership Program, Lions Club (Admin), Rotaract club. Sep 2012-Present
Scouts (President Award Winner). 1996-2002
Contact this candidate