Anurag Lasne
972-***-**** • acx826@r.postjobfree.com •26 Tip Top St, Brighton,
MA, 02135
OBJECTIVE
Seeking a position in the field of Software Performance Engineering with four years’ of professional experience as a Performance Test Engineer and a Master’s Degree in Information Technology and Management from University of Texas at Dallas.
SUMMARY
4 years of experience as a Performance Test Engineer.
Solid experience in SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle) implementations includes collecting nonfunctional requirements from client preparing test strategy and test plans, coordinating with business team to identify critical business flows for testing.
Creating HTTP/HTML and Web services test scripts using HP Loadrunner 12.02 for the identified services.
Executing Load, Stress, Endurance tests to check applications for response times and any other performance bottlenecks
Experience on working with client side diagnostic tools such as Fiddler, HTTPWatch and Firebug.
Application performance management using New Relic and Compuware Dynatrace.
Collecting performance metrics at the end of test execution and reporting to the business team.
Ability to communicate effectively, willing to accept responsibility, and has excellent analytical and logical skills. EDUCATION
UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS AT DALLAS Aug 2015
Master of Science in Information Technology and Management GPA 3.3 NAGPUR UNIVERSITY June 2010
Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics GPA 3.5
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Ikasystems Co., Southborough, MA
Performance Engineer Dec 2015-Dec 2016
Supporting testing efforts as the member of a testing team responsible for testing efforts in an Agile environment across major client applications.
Developing and executing automated system testing scripts for a program being developed leveraging Agile Scrum methodologies.
Studying and Understanding Application characteristics, transaction metrics, utilization and response time requirements.
Working with Leads, Developers, Business Analysts and Product owners to understand product requirements and design appropriate performance test plans to verify Performance of the applications.
Analyzing root cause of a problem precisely and effectively quickly.
Creating/Reviewing of performance execution approach documents.
Developing LoadRunner scripts and load models for performance testing based on system requirements, processes, and user stories.
Ensuring that performance testing results are accurately documented, collaborating across system development teams to troubleshoot and identify performance bottlenecks using various tools like New Relic, Dynatrace etc.
AT&T Inc., Plano,TX,
Software QA Internship June 2014- Nov 2014
Preparing Test Plan, Test Execution and End of test results report for software performance management.
Writing Test Cases and uploading them on HP ALM Quality Centre.
Writing Automated Test Scripts using the VUGen utility of HP Loadrunner.
Executing Load, Stress, Endurance tests to check applications for response times and any other performance bottlenecks for every new sprint
Collecting performance metrics at the end of test execution and reporting to the business team Cognizant Technology Solutions, Pune, India
Programmer Analyst Jan 2011 – Aug 2013
Coordinating with the Clients for nonfunctional requirement (NFR) collection.
Preparing detailed Performance Test Strategy and Test Plan document.
Coordinating with the Business and Development team to identify critical business flows for Performance testing.
Creating HTTP\HTML and Web services Test scripts using Loadrunner 9.5, SOAPUI tools for the identified services.
Figure out business critical transactions and provide detailed analysis to avoid future performance bottlenecks. TECHNICAL SKILLS
Programming Languages: C, C++,Java, Python, Swift Coding for iOS app development Web Technologies: SOAP and REST Web Services
Database Management Systems: MS SQL Server 2008/2012, Oracle 11g Query Languages: SQL, PL/SQL
IDE: Microsoft Visual Studio 2008/10/12, Eclipse, Web Matrix Operating Systems: Unix/Linux, Windows, iOS
Revision Control Software:
Software Testing Tools:
Daignostic Tools:
Business Intelligence Tools:
HP Quality Center, JIRA, Rally
HP Loadrunner 9.5/11.5/12.02, SOAP UI, Jmeter
New Relic, Compuware Dynatrace 6.1, Fiddler, HTTPWatch, Firebug Tableau, R, SAS Enterprise Miner.
Contact this candidate