SUMMARY

•**+ Years of experience in Performance Testing of Client/Server & Web based applications.
•Hands on experience in implementing Load Runner, Developing Load Test Conditions and Test Scenarios.
•Performance testing Experience using Webservices, Winsock, SAP WEB/GUI, J2EE, Oracle, HTTP/HTML, Citrix, Web Click &Script, and Oracle NCA protocols in LoadRunner.
•Experience with creating Vuser scripts, Vuser groups, manual and goal oriented scenarios using LoadRunner and with the use of various performance monitors for load test analysis.
•Hands on experience in using automated tools like Load Runner, Performance Center, Test Director, Quality Centre and SharePoint
•Used the various monitoring tools like Wily-Introscope, HP Diagnostics and Application Performance Analyzer for z/OS to keep track of the test performance and identify various bottlenecks.
•Worked extensively with LoadRunner. Created scenarios, ran tests with IP Spoofing with process and multithreaded environments, analyzed and generated performance reports
•Extensively involved in performance tuning of application servers such as Weblogic and Tuxedo.
•Involved in Performance tuning of database Servers.
•Strong theoretical and practical experience with various Agile approaches and implementation in a large organization
•Collecting the frequency of JVM Heap and Garbage Collection in WebSphere and Weblogic during test

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Operating systems:
Windows NT/2000/XP, Unix, Linux
Programming Languages:
C++, C, C#, VB, VB.Net, Java
RDBMS:
Oracle, MS Access, SQL 2000, mySQL
HP Test Suite:
LoadRunner, Jmeter, Quality Center (Test Director), Performance Center, Monitoring tools, SiteScope, Wily, TeamQuest,
LoadRunner Protocols:
Web(http/html), Web services, MQ Client/Server, Winsock, Citrix, Web/Winsock Dual Protocol, SAP, SAP GUI, Click & Script, Oracle
Rational Tools:
Requisite Pro, Clear Quest
Application Tools:
MS Office, MS Project, MS Visio, Visual Studio .Net,
Web Technologies:
HTML, XHTML, VB Script, Jscript, asp, asp.net, ado.net
Other Skills:
UML, XML, SDLC, Object Oriented Methodology, Data Modeling, J2EE, .Net Framework

EDUCATION

Bachelor’s of Computer Science

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Lead Performance Engineer
Client: FISA, New York, NY
Duration: July 2015 to Present

Planed, designed, Implemented and Executed Stress/Load/Performance Testing Efforts.
Managed a team of Performance Testing resources both onsite and offshore.
Analyzed System Usage by reviewing the user profile, transaction profile, system resource usage diagrams and designed performance, stress, Endurance tests.
Created Virtual Users in VuGen and configure Scenarios to meet the load testing requirements in Performance Center.
Extensively used Web (Http/html), Citrix, Webservices and Oracle_NCA protocols in Loadrunner.
Configured UNIX, database resources for performance monitoring on Performance Center.
Automated the major functionalities of the application and the bugs reported using JMeter.
Developed and deployed test Load scripts to do end to end performance testing using LoadRunner.
Worked closely with Software Developers to isolate, track, debugging and troubleshoot defects.
Performed the Endurance test by executing the test for longer hours in order to find out any Memory Leaks, slow resource consumption problem.
Researched on the usability of JMeter for the Products Performance Testing
Designed the manual goal oriented tests as per load distribution diagram (Un-even distribution of load) for each of normal, heavy, average volume load tests.
Monitored executions of the test scripts using Performance center and monitored the online graphs results.
Worked with numerous online monitoring graphs/monitors in LoadRunner to see the performance issues and to identify bottleneck areas.

Environment: LoadRunner, SoapUI, Quality Center, Performance Center, Sitescope, J2EE, ASP, JSP, Oracle, UNIX. WebSphere

Lead Performance Engineer
Client: Fidelity Investments, Durham, NC
Duration: April 2012 to June 2015

•Managed a team of Performance Testing resources both onsite and offshore.
•Defining the performance goals and objectives based on the client requirements and inputs
•Extensively Worked in Web, Web services, Citrix,Click and Script, Oracle Protocol in LoadRunner
•Developed Performance test suites using LoadRunner
•Ensure the compatibility of all application platform components, configurations and their upgrade levels in production and make necessary changes to the lab environment to match production
•Responsible for developing and executing performance and volume tests
•Developed test scenarios to properly load / stress the system in a lab environment and monitor / debug performance & stability problems.
•Produced documentation for Performance team on setup of JMeter test environment, and assisted with research on distributed testing best practices
•Monitor application in production using AppDynamics to identify the performance issue
•Extensively used DynaTrace to diagnose and troubleshoot web/app server performance issues.
•Parameterized unique Id’s and stored dynamic content in variables and paired the values to maintain uniqueness
•Monitored database for sessions, connection pool and Memory issues.
•Accurately produced regular project status reports to senior management to ensure on-time project launch.

Environment: Load Runner, Dynatrace, Windows NT Server, SQL, Web Logic, IIS, C#, Java, Weblogic, SOA, Oracle, Performance Center, Jmeter, Citrix, HTML, Site Scope and Quality Center.

Performance Engineer
Client: Baxter, Deerfield, IL
Duration: May 2010 to March 2012

Designed, developed and executed a performance measurement plan used as the basis for assessing process capability.
Developed custom Vuser Scripts utilizing Virtual User Generator that emulates important application Load critical transactions.
Verified the scalability, performance, and load balancing of the data streaming application.
Tested performance of web application and generated automation test scripts for different scenarios.
Extensively used correlation, parameterization techniques, goal oriented & manual scenarios and created multiple Vusers in the test scripts for testing the System.
Included rendezvous points in Vuser scripts generated by Vuser Generator
Parameterized actions and created files for different parameters using random, sequential, unique and correlated options in VuGen.
Used Load Runner Correlation, Content Check, Parameterization features. Tested application for maximum load.
Gathered and analyzed results and submitted the Performance test report and recommendation.

Environment: Windows NT, Citrix, Jmeter, Loadrunner, Quality Center, Performance Center, Peoplesoft Payables, J2ee, Oracle, SQL, Site Scope, MS Office, MS Access, Sitescope, MS Vision, MS Project

Performance Tester
Client: Aetna, Hartford, CT
Duration: August 2008 – April 2010

Responsible for gathering and analysis of Business and Technical requirements for Performance Testing.
Developed performance test cases to replicate required business transactions.
Actively involved in the setup of Performance testing tool and environments.
Responsible for analysis of cross results, cross scenarios and merged graphs in LoadRunner.
Developed performance load scripts for Web (http) and Citrix (ica) protocol scripts using VuGen for different business transactions.
Executed LoadRunner scenarios and analyzed the results through controller monitors and graphs to find the bottlenecks in networks and server resources including deadlock conditions, database connectivity problems and system crashes under load.
Determined the performance of critical transactions by reviewing analysis graphs.
Analyzed the system resource graphs, network monitor graphs and error graphs to identify transaction performance, network problems and scenario results respectively.

Environment: Weblogic, Websphere, J2EE, JavaScript, JUnit, Oracle, TOAD, Windows, UNIX, Load Runner, Win CVS, Sitescope, Quality Center

Performance Tester
Client: Ernst & Young, Atlanta, GA
Duration: Oct 2006 – August 2008

Used Performance Center to execute tests and maintain scripts.
Involved in writing detailed Performance Test Plans, Test Scripts and Test Cases based on requirements.
Customized LoadRunner scripts in C language like String manipulation for the LoadRunner Scripts.
Worked closely with Software Developers to isolate, track, debugging and troubleshoot defects.
Provided recommendations to the application owner on process to meet performance goals and testing.
Monitored and Analyzed activity Report and Performance Report created using LoadRunner Analysis and Wily Introscope.
Executed load tests for new Applications for benchmarking for future releases
Ability to communicate effectively with strong technical and troubleshooting skills.

Environment: LoadRunner, Performance Center, Excel, SiteScope, CA IntroScope, Quality Center, DynaTrace, Java, J2EE, Weblogic, XML, HTML, SQL, MS Office and Windows.
Contact this candidate