Sr. Performance Engineer

Siva Santhosh Vankayala
EMail: acz38d@r.postjobfree.com, Contact: 210-***-****

Experience Summary
Team oriented Sr. Performance engineer with successful record of accomplishment, Comprehensive 10 years of experience in acquiring it.
Skills Summary
Extensive exposure towards gathering performance project requirements, impact analysis, test planning, test strategy design, performance test scripts creation, scenario execution, monitoring, performance engineering and publish reports.
Experience in Financial & Banking, Insurance and E-Commerce domain.
Expertise in Hardware/Infrastructure performance and capacity analysis.
Participation in requirements review and project document review. Analyze NFRs and negotiate with stakeholders on scope and strategy.
More than 8 Years of Experience in HP Load Runner and 5 Years in Performance Center.
Extensive experience in performance testing complex web and mobile applications using HP Performance Center, Load Runner and Soap UI.
Expertise in application profiling to uncover performance issues at each transaction level using Riverbed Opnet, Dynatrace, App Dynamics IBM Support Assistance, BMC, HDCA, VROPS, Wily, VisualVM, Eclipse MAT, GCMV and SPLUNK
Expertise in finding out application and database performance bottlenecks by monitoring system resources as CPU, Memory, DISK, I/O, GC Logs, Thread pools and Databases connections to enhance application performance and avoid performance bottlenecks.
Expertise in JVM arguments analysis and identify fine-tuning opportunities.
Exposure in analyzing Heap Dumps, Thread Dumps to identify memory leaks, thread contentions at class/method level objects responsible for it.
Experience in using .NET, java Vuser, web services, web HTTP/HTML and Ajax True Client protocols using HP Load Runner.
Expertise in JMS Architecture, Publishing and Subscribing to Topics and Message Queues.
Expertise in validating request and responses from web services through SOUPUI
Good exposure towards API load/stress/endurance testing viz., SOAP XML, JSON and RESTFUL services.
Expertise in analysis and review of business, functional and technical requirements, development and execution of test strategy for large/complex systems and implement best practices on server side architecture.
Experience in mobile native profiling thru capturing App Response Times, Http Request calls, Generated Requests sizes for various network bandwidths using Charles Proxy Tool.
Mobile performance experience using IOS Instruments, Android DDMS –MAT to analyze memory leaks, memory usage and CPU utilization and performance bottleneck components.
Create Splunk Live dashboards to monitor the application performance behavior in production and QA environments in terms of CPU, Memory, I/O and Network utilization.
Provide 3rd Level technical support for application performance issues in production environment that involves troubleshooting critical financial components. This financial platform incorporates live traffic with thousands of transactions per second.
Mentor application support and Dev-Ops teams in fine-tuning the configuration parameters. Assist developers to modify application logics and help them to design high performing java applications with adequate capacity.
Expertise in infrastructure/capacity analysis of Web/Application and Database servers.
Assignment and training onshore/offshore teams on scripting and performing quality audits.
Facilitate UAT phase, defect management and follow-up until closure of defects.
Expertise in analyzing virtual and physical server’s capacity utilization and provide necessary capacity recommendations based on the application performance, infrastructure needs and load volume.
Strong experience in software test methodologies viz., Agile and Waterfall, testing techniques and test architecture/design on client-server and multi tier architectures.
Experienced in automating Functional test cases using HP QTP/UFT and Implementation of Test Life Cycle (Test Planning, Test Design, Test script creation, Test Execution & Defect Management) using HP Quality Center.
Coordinating and leading for functional work carried out at offshore /onsite model.
Strong knowledge of planning and implementation of Quality Assurance/Quality Control methodology, process and procedure for enterprise software testing.
Have an ability to handle multiple projects with competing priorities.
Gifted with an innate ability to understand and analyze customer scenarios, challenges and opportunities, demonstrated strategic leadership taking an analytical approach to solving complex business problems.
Extensive involvement in System Testing, Integration Testing, Regression testing, Database Testing, Mobile and Non Functional Testing.
Excellent ability to work individually and as a team member on multiple projects.
Handle responsibilities of estimating work load requirements and develop standard test strategy plans.
Work with Testing Coordinator to ensure testing of functional areas is complete, tracked and on-schedule.
Facilitates weekly Quality Assurance meetings and maintains agenda on QA issue prioritization and resolution facilitation.
Assigned the tasks of tracking defects found at software release phase and develop test data to be used in software testing life cycle.

Tools and Technology
Application Performance Monitoring Tools
Opnet AIX / ARX
VMware Web client
vRops
HDCA
BMC Perceiver
vCenter
SQL
HP Load Runner/Performance Center
JMeter
QTP/QC
Selenium
Charles Proxy
IOS Instruments/Android DDMS-LogCat
SOAP UI
Eclipse MAT
Ajax TruClient and Perfecto Mobile.
Operating Systems
Windows XP/NT, Linux, IOS
Programming Languages
C, Visual Basic, Objective C, Java and Python
Other Tools
SPLUNK
Compuware Dynatrace
BMC Best one Monitoring tool
IBM Support Assistant
Eclipse – Logcat and GCMV.
IBM Websphere Admin Console.

Certification Details

Certification on
Certification Name
Date
IBM DB2
IBM DB2 UDB V8.1 Family Fundamentals.
March 2008
QTP 9.2
HP QTP 9.2 Software
June 2008
ISTQB
International Standard Testing Quality Board
Jan 2009

Experience Highlights

VISA Inc. TX, USA Apr ’ 15 – Till date

Product : Enterprise Visa applications, Performance Service Tickets and CYBS.
Tools : Opnet AIX/ARX/TTW, BMC Perceiver, BMC BCO,VMware Webclient/ VRops, SPLUNK, HP Load Runner and Performance Center.
Role : Sr. Performance test engineer

Description:

The project role is to analyze VISA.inc enterprise Java/JEE, applications performance and capacity with respect to huge transactions load volume especially during black Friday and cyber Monday. These enterprise applications are connected globally with millions of transactions and cardholders.

Create performance test scripts, execute and evaluate application performance by using load-runner, simulating live production load in performance environment. This includes capturing performance metrics, investigate and troubleshoot performance bottlenecks and provide fine-tuning & capacity recommendations.

Provide 3rd level technical support for application performance troubleshooting in production during Visa promotion events. Troubleshooting involved application profiling, capturing the server performance metrics CPU, Heap, I/O, Network, Response times, JVM analysis, GC logs etc. Analyze infrastructure components Viz., CPU Ready, Memory Balloon, I/O Latencies from Infrastructure perspective.

Deeper analysis at each transaction level to identify every small possibility responsible for performance degrades. Identify root cause, recognize fine-tuning opportunities and provide performance enhancement recommendations.

Analyze application capacity and Infrastructure performance of virtual machines using VMWare products and provide capacity recommendations based on resources utilization.

Responsibilities:

Review Business Requirement Documents and Technical Specifications and gathered the requirements then compiled them into Test Plan.
Effort estimation, scheduling, performance test planning and Stakeholder management.
Evaluate hardware/infrastructure capacity in terms of processors, memory, network and storage.
Extensive usage of HP Loadrunner and Performance center for developing web services and web application scripts and executes performance test scenarios for various load patters simulating customer transaction volume.
Customize Vugen script to validate the test data in sufficient quantity for load testing.
Create customized LoadRunner - scripts for various web services XML, REST and JSON API’s.
Capture server/application performance metrics during test execution and compare baseline/ benchmark results with latest test run results.
Capture utilization of CPU, Heap, I/O and Response Times for concerned servers/hosts.
Client side profiling through YSlow and Firebug.
Generate/create analysis and observations reports with performance charts and graphs depicting the server usage and capabilities.
Analyze the Response Times for all transactions and troubleshoot necessary components.
Investigate and capture performance bottleneck components in application during test executions using OPNET, Appdynamics and Splunk.
Analyze Heap/Thread dumps for server side analysis using IBM Support Assistant tools, Eclipse GCVM, PMAT, MAT, Visual VM etc.
Provide JVM fine-tuning opportunities, Recommend thread pool, DB connections, GC algorithms and Heap settings for better application performance.
Involved in monitoring performance and system resources utilization to forecast the system usage/application stability and capacity at Infrastructure and application level.
Effective usage of tools like Opnet AIX, Opnet ARX, TTW, HDCA, BMC Perceiver, BMC BCO, VMware webclient/ VRops, SQL and Splunk Apps to capture and analyze infrastructure performance and capacity metrics.
Create Splunk dashboards for better analysis and to make process easier for repeated issues.
Work closely with the PD/Dev-Ops and Support teams and provide best possible performance solutions on various challenges at software and infrastructure level.

USAA, TX, USA Jan ’2014 – Mar ‘15

Product : USAA Applications
Environment : JAVA/J2EE with Wicket Framework, IOS and Android
Tools : IOS Instruments, Android DDMS & MAT, Charles Proxy and Perfecto Mobile.
Role : Mobile Automation and Performance Analyst
Methodology : Agile

Description:

USAA offers a wide variety of financial and banking products, including automobile insurance, homeowner insurance, renters insurance, as well as umbrella and personal property insurance. In addition to P&C insurance, USAA provides whole life insurance, term life insurance, and annuities.

Life Insurance Applications provide complete support for the USAA members in providing solutions for all Life products, which includes Term Life, Full Life, Annuities and Claims process system to them. The strategy of this project is to extend support to members thru mobile apps in an easy and convenient way.

The Testing technique for this project involves mobile profiling and performance analysis on all mobile channels viz., IPhone, IPad, Android Phones, Android Tablets and Windows Phones. End goal for this project is to ensure the mobile app covers all the Life Insurance functionalities with high performance efficiency.

Responsibilities:

Gather Performance requirements for the application and design test plans, design test scenarios, execution and publish test summary reports/metrics.
Involve in functionality review meetings and Use-Case Analysis. Interact with business and application teams to discuss the requirements.
Involved in Native profiling of mobile Apps in IOS by using Instruments to capture Memory Leaks, Allocations and CPU utilization.
Involved in Android Native app analysis using DDMS-Log Cat and Eclipse MAT (Memory Analysis Tool).
Analyze Memory, CPU and Response times for mobile apps covering various flows
Analyze Mobile Apps Response Time with Low, 3G, 4G bandwidths thru Http Requests and Memory allocations using Charles Proxy tool.
Automate Mobile regression scripts using perfecto mobile and Xcode –UI automation.
Involved in the decision making with the management for final applications releases.
Manage 4 different projects in the Mobile platforms to coordinate and lead the performance testing efforts.
Coordinate the defect analysis meetings with the team and follow-up till closure.
Assign and coordinate various tasks assigned to the team.
Co-ordinate/lead the automation and performance test efforts.

USAA, TX, USA Jan ’ 2009 – Jan ‘14

Product : Banking, Investment, Property and causality.
Environment : JAVA/J2EE, Web Services, Linux
Tools : HP Load Runner, Compuware Dynatrace
Role : Performance and Automation Test Lead
Methodology : Agile

Description:

This Project is to ensure the Web Applications developed for Banking, Property and causality insurance for USAA should remain highly efficient in terms of performance, defect free and avoid application unavailability to their members. These web applications are modified and enhanced on every release basis using agile methodology.

Here we test all the performance parameters of the entire Banking & Finance, Investment, Property and causality applications using the HP performance tools. The testing strategy is developed based on the Application for each release. This testing involves Load/Stress/Endurance and Response times with performance fine-tuning. Defects are tracked using Rational Team Concert and Quality Center.

Responsibilities:

Analyze the programming requirements of client. Prepare test strategy plan and implement appropriate automation and performance test strategy solutions.
Work with Business system analysts and development team on system requirement investigations.
Extensively used HP Loadrunner for Developing Vuser Scripts using Web (HTTP/HTML), Ajax TrueClient, Web Services protocols for performing Load/Endurance/Stress testing.
Analyzed Client Rendering response times of Web applications using Ajax TruClient and Dynatrace Browser performance.
Develop Loadrunner Scripts in Web and Portal based applications by adding correlations, parameterization, condition controls and proper checks.
Develop Web Custom LR scripts and extensively used SOAPUI for web services testing.
Execute various performance tests (Response time, endurance, stress and spike tests) using Performance Center to evaluate performance of server under different tests.
Monitor transaction response time, hits per second, throughput based on the user Load compared to real production environment.
Automate test data creation in sufficient quantity to support the performance testing effort
Analyze the CPU Utilization, Memory usage, Garbage Collection and DB connections to verify the performance of the applications.
Load test execution and work with Business, Project Management and Development determining the load volume to be used during the performance test.
Coordinate web application performance testing pre-tasks: Ensure performance test requirements are received. Develop product specific performance test plans etc.
Monitor JVM performance viz., Threads, Connections, GC logs, Heap utilization using IBM Support Assistance and application logs.
Hookup Compuware Dynatrace to Monitor Metrics on Application server, Web server and database server while conducting Load, Stress, volume, and Response tests.
Analyze heap dumps, theard dumps for any memory leaks using IBM support assistance and fine tune JVM for better application handling.
Active coordinating meetings with developers, application team and business teams to analyze the defects observed during test executions.
Identify performance bottlenecks to method level and fine-tune applications based on the results.
Investigate and troubleshoot performance problems in a QA, perf and pre-prod environment. This also includes analysis of performance problems in a production environment.
Perform system and regression test scripts creation and executions for every project release.
Supervise script creations, ensuring correctness and quality with an understanding of monitoring requirements based on test objectives, test execution tasks. Coordinate test window and lab utilization.
Work closely with technical teams (Websphere, Architect & DBA) to support the test execution to ensure correct environment configuration just prior to execution.
Test case traceability and defect management using Rational Team Concert and IT Service manager.
Attended Scrum meetings with the business to provide status and discuss the project’s status.
Worked as an independent consultant for performance/automation testing and coordinated with multiple vendors/stakeholders.
Lead the QA tasks for Offshore and Onshore in test automation and performance test efforts.

USAA, TX, USA Apr ’ 08 – Jan ’ 09

Product : Automated Production Validations
Environment : JAVA/J2EE, Servlets, CSS, JavaScript
Tools : QTP, Quality Center, Business Objects & Infra Service Manager
Role : QA Automation Engineer
Methodology : Agile & Waterfall

Description:

This project involves regression test execution on production environment supporting various Lines of Business. It involves minor and major modifications to all the USAA products across all areas.

The scope of this project is to identify all the uncovered defects during functional testing and went to pre-production and production environments. This involves identification of production defects immediately, whenever the application stood up after every release and before members hit production. The strategy for automated production validation involves end-to-end regression test execution for critical USAA products and to ensure that the application is covered to the maximum extent.
This shall also ensure application availability to all their members with no interrupted services, In order to achieve all application testing coverage in very less duration the test strategy requires faster execution of automation test scripts using Load Runner (Vugen and Controller).
All the existing functional defects and all the development change requests should be tracked using SAP Business Objects before proceeding with production validations. This should give track record of all the change requests that went to production on specific release, and also to get record on existing functional defects in test environments.

Responsibilities:

Analyse Business and Technical Requirements.
Involved in walk through and meetings with business to review the project specifications and to analyse the functional and technical specifications.
Leveraging my experience in functional testing using QTP and building automation solutions using Quality centre.
Involved in preparation of Automation plan.
Develop and Execute the Test cases & scripts for Smoke, Functional, System, and Regression using Quality Test Professional.
Translate QTP scripts to Load Runner scripts to expedite Regression Test Scripts execution in a very short span of time.
Preparation of Regression scripts using Load Runner vugen and QTP automation tool.
Evaluating Load Runner Controller to check the daily regression scripts validation results.
Pre/Post Production validations for each release.
Work closely with software developers and take an active role in ensuring that the software components meet the highest quality standards.
Add enhanced critical application functionalities to the regression test bed.
Hosted Scrum meetings with the business to provide status and discuss the execution status.
Track and provide detailed information on outages.
Develop gap reports using SAP Business Objects to verify the existing functional defects.
Implement and enhance existing report systems.
Develop QA Reports and automation scripts.
Review Implementation and Rollout plan across enterprise level.
Status reporting to Board Members

Nationwide, Columbus, OH Mar ’ 07 – Apr ’ 08

Product : Agent gateway Client Management
Environment : JAVA Servlets, JSP, and JavaScript
Tools : QTP and Quality Center
Role : QA Automation Test Analyst
Methodology : Agile & Waterfall

Description:

Nationwide is one of the largest insurance and financial services companies in the world and offers a full range of products and services for its customer’s home, car, family and financial security.
The objective of Agent Gateway Client Management is to enhance Client Management application with additional new requirements. AG Client Management serves as a single window to provide comprehensive and consolidated information of Nationwide Clients to its Exclusive and Independent Agents.
My role is to Prepare Automation Test bed for Regression Testing using Automation tool QTP and QC and Validate Client application under different environments.

Responsibilities:

Preparation of Technical integration plan, System test plan & Release Regression plan in production.
Preparation of Testing strategy, Test Plan, Impact Analysis for Functional Testing
Preparation of Regression scripts using Data Driven framework in QTP with VB scripting.
Continuous regression scripts enhancements to ensure application availability for next execution phase.
Execution of Technical Integration, System Test, and Release Regression scripts.
Handling daily status meetings with Project team under agile methodology.
Task Scheduling, conference call initiation on any critical defects.
Engaged in process-oriented Quality Audits
Defect logging with QTP to Quality Center.
Execute Automation scripts from QC.
Involved in process-oriented activities like Internal Quality Audits and Metrics.
Automation of Data Setup
Knowledge sharing with other projects.
Effort estimation for automation task
Training and Knowledge Management

Qualification

Degree and Date
University & Year of Graduation
Specialization
Bachelors in Technology
JNTU, AP, INDIA. 2006
Computer Science and Engineering
Contact this candidate