Over * years of diversified experience as a Performance Engineer with extensive experience in using automated tools HP LoadRunner, Performance Center and HP Analysis. Experience in planning Performance strategy, setting up environment for testing applications. Being a self-starter, motivated team player with leadership abilities, excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
●Extensive experience in implementing all stages of Performance Engineering Lifecycle, which includes Requirement gathering, Performance Engineering and Performance Analysis.
●Experience in understanding application performance requirements, developing performance engineering strategies, wide-ranging exposure to complete performance testing using different protocols and usage of performance monitoring tools.
●Expertise in performance testing Web based, Client-server and Middleware applications.
●Experience in creating Test plan, Work plan, designing test scripts and test scenario’s according to performance testing requirements.
●Efficient Performance engineer with knowledge in Performance testing tools like LoadRunner, J meter, Silk performer.
●Worked on various LoadRunner & J meter protocols like Web (HTTP/HTML), Web services, Java V user, Oracle NCA, SAP, FLEX, Winsock, Citrix.
●Hands on experience with system testing methodologies like Functional, Performance, Load, Stress, Endurance, Data base failover, User acceptance and Integration testing.
●Advanced programming & trouble shooting skills in C, C++ and Java for debugging LoadRunner scripts.
●Expertise in setting up Test environments & Test data for Performance testing.
●Experience in monitoring Web Servers, Application Servers such as Microsoft IIS, Web logic and Database Servers Such as Oracle &SQL Server during Performance Testing executions.
●Worked with different monitoring tools like Wily Intro scope, Dyne trace, Fog light, J console, Web logic console, Oracle enterprise manager Grid control, Site scope etc.
●Expert in creating Wily Intro scope Management modules, alerts, actions, alert downtime schedules, calculators, dashboards, metric groupings and reports for environments in test.
●Got trained by CA education on Wily Intro scope V 9.1.
●Experience performance tuning of servers through Oracle SQL tracing via Explain plan, TK Prof, ADDM & AWR reports.
●Developed Click stream and user requirement specification documents.
●Experience with Fast paced environment like Agile Methodology.
●Self-motivated, willing to assume responsibilities, can work independently, lead or work within a team environment.
●Experience in exploring & introducing tools involved in monitoring, measuring, debugging, coding and tuning for improved product performance.
●Worked closely with management in evaluating current system performance and making decisions on future development. Ability to work on multi-platform environments like Windows, UNIX with clear understanding of file system, environment variables and file transfer protocol (FTP).

Technical Expertise
Operating Systems
AIX, HP-UX, Solaris, Windows Server 2012, XP, 2003, 2000, Vista, Windows NT and Linux
Languages
C, JAVA/J2EE, .NET, VB Scripts, XML, UNIX - Shell Scripting
Databases
Oracle 9i/10g, DB2, SQL Server, MS-ACCESS, MySQL
GUI
VB 6.0/5.0, JSP, Java Applets, ASP, HTML, Citrix
Web Related
DHTML, XML, VBScript, JavaScript, Applets, JAVA, JDBC, Servlets and JSP

Testing Tools
LoadRunner, Jmeter, Silk Performer, Performance Center & Quality center
Web / Application Servers
Apache 2.x, Tomcat, WebLogic, WebSphere and IIS.
Monitoring Tools
Wily IntroScope, DynaTrace, Site scope, Fog light, J console, OEM,
Network Latency Tool
Shunra

Client: TD Bank,NJ August 2015 – Present
Role: Performance Test Engineer
Responsibilities
●Responsible for end-to-end performance testing activities.
●Gathering testing requirements and procedures.
●Created and validated the scripts to make sure they have been executed correctly and meets the scenario description.
●Correlated and parameterized scripts as well as configured the RunTime settings in Virtual User Generator.
●Developed Scenarios with different schedules like Ramp-up, Duration.
●Monitored performance using windows performance monitors and LoadRunner monitors.
●Conducted testing on the servers using LoadRunner & Performance Center to establish the load capacity of the server
●Using LoadRunner analyzed the response times of various business transactions, modules login times under load, developed reports and graphs to present the test results.
●Prepared detailed reports of test run results and presented to stakeholders.
●Created scripts for applications containing multiple protocols(Web/Web Services/Citrix etc.)
●As a HP ALM performance center Admin, Created Projects and assigned access level to users.
●Implemented clustering, load balancing and LDAP for HP ALM performance center.
●Involved in HP ALM Tools Support, Administration, Patches and Upgrades
●Developed Vuser scripts that contain tasks performed by each Vuser, tasks performed by Vuser’s as a whole, and tasks measured as transactions.
●Responsible for parameterizing large and complex test data to accurately depict production trends.
●LoadRunner administration, installing applications, lab management through performance center.
●Test script creation and test execution for Citrix XenApp application.
●Multiple protocol script creation with Citrix(XenApps) and HTML protocols.

Environment: Loadrunner, Performance Center(11.52,12.53), Sharepoint, .Net, CITRIX, XML, Quality Center, Unix, Windows, Weblogic, Oracle, SQL Server, MS Access, Sitescope, MS Visio, MS Project, VB, HTML
Client: Angies List,IN July 2014 – April 2015
Role: Sr. Performance Engineer
Responsibilities
●End-to-end performance testing activities.
●Gathering testing requirements and procedures.
●Validated the scripts to make sure they have been executed correctly and meets the scenario description.
●Correlated and parameterized scripts as well as configured the RunTime settings in Virtual User Generator.
●Developed Scenarios with different schedules like Ramp-up, Duration.
●Monitored performance using windows performance monitors and LoadRunner monitors.
●Conducted testing on the servers using LoadRunner & Performance Center to establish the load capacity of the server
●Using LoadRunner analyzed the response times of various business transactions, modules login times under load, developed reports and graphs to present the test results.
●Prepared detailed reports of test run results and presented to stakeholders.
●Created scripts for applications containing multiple protocols(Web/Web Services/Citrix etc.)
●As a HP ALM performance center Admin, Created Projects and assigned access level to users.
●Implemented clustering, load balancing and LDAP for HP ALM performance center.
●Involved in HP ALM Tools Support, Administration, Patches and Upgrades
●Developed Vuser scripts that contain tasks performed by each Vuser, tasks performed by Vuser’s as a whole, and tasks measured as transactions.
●Responsible for parameterizing large and complex test data to accurately depict production trends.
●LoadRunner administration, installing applications, lab management through performance center.
●Test script creation and test execution for Citrix XenApp application.
●Multiple protocol script creation with Citrix(XenApps) and HTML protocols.

Environment: Loadrunner, Performance Center(11.52,12.20), Sharepoint, .Net, CITRIX, XML, Quality Center, Unix, Windows, Weblogic, Oracle, SQL Server, MS Access, Sitescope, MS Visio, MS Project, VB, HTML

Client: MedAssets, Plano, TX
Role: Sr. Performance Engineer Jan2012-June 2014
Responsibilities
●Gathered and Analyzed Business requirements and procedures.
●Responsible for developing the performance test strategies, plans and cases.
●Developed Vuser scripts that contain tasks performed by each Vuser, tasks performed by Vuser’s as a whole, and tasks measured as transactions.
●Validation of various transactions and documents based on HIPAA EDI files 837,834, 276 and 277.
●Responsible for parameterizing large and complex test data to accurately depict production trends.
●Validated the scripts to make sure they have been executed correctly and meets the scenario description.
●Coordinated creation of stress environments to conduct stress\load testing.
●Involved in project planning, coordination and implemented performance methodology.
●Conducted Load Test for multiple users using Performance Center.
●Coordinated with internal business departments on their information system’s needs.
●Developed Vuser scripts using Performance Center Web (HTTP/HTML), .Net, and Web Services (SOAP/SOA) protocols based on the user workflows
●Developed test scenarios for HIPAA EDI transactions, specifically, 276, 277, 837 and 834, during various phases of the testing process.
●Worked with teams to identify the bottlenecks and performed regression testing to achieve the pre spin off results.
●Responsible for reviewing the code in order to identify the root cause.
●Verified HIPAA transaction sets/segments on back end.
●Updated scripts for new release and added new functionality as per new releases.
●Verified the SOAP message delivery to the web services and verified the XML formatted response using the SOAP UI.
●Performance Tested Middleware applications developed in SOAP environment.
●Responsible conducting for root cause analysis.
●Correlated and parameterized scripts as well as configured the RunTime settings in Virtual User Generator.
●Developed Scenarios with different schedules like Ramp-up, Duration.
●Monitored performance using windows performance monitors and LoadRunner monitors.
●Tracked defects using Quality Center.
Environment: Loadrunner, Performance Center, Sitescope, .Net, Quality Center,MQ Series, Unix, Windows, Weblogic, Oracle, XML, SQL Server, MS Access, SharePoint, Topaz, MS Vision, MS Project, VB, IIS, HTML, SQL

Client: Oncor, Dallas, TX
Role: Sr. Performance Tester Sept 2010 - Dec 2011
Responsibilities:
●Prepared Test Strategies, Test Plan and Test Cases as per the business requirements and Use Cases.
●Involved in Load Testing of various modules and software application using LoadRunner
●Developed the Load Test scripts using the LoadRunner Virtual User Generator (VUGen) and enhanced the scripts by including transactions, parameterize the constant values and correlating the dynamic values
●Developed Vuser Scripts in Web\HTTP, Web Services, and Click & Script Protocols.
●Enhanced LoadRunner scripts to test the new builds of the application
●Developing Vuser scripts and enhanced the basic script by Parameterizing the constant values
●Conducted Web services testing using SOAP UI and Jmeter.
●According to business specification, Customization of scripts by using LoadRunner
●Carried out stress testing by introducing rendezvous points in the script
●Conducted testing on the servers using LoadRunner & Performance Center to establish the load capacity of the server
●Using LoadRunner analyzed the response times of various business transactions, modules login times under load, developed reports and graphs to present the test results
●Used Sitescope & Dynatrace to monitor the load test and to identify the bottlenecks.
●Monitored the performance of the Web and Database (SQL) servers during Stress test execution.
●Defined transactions to measure server performance under load by creating rendezvous points to simulate heavy load on the server
●Used LoadRunner for checking the performance of Various Reports and Queries under load
●Analyzed the results of the Load test using the LoadRunner Analysis tool, looking at the online monitors and the graphs and identified the bottlenecks in the system
●Reported and entered bugs in Quality Center
●Tested for the compatibility of the Browser.
●Developed High Level and Detailed Test Plans and reviewed with Team, demonstrated Customer Level experience to team. Identify critical functionality at business level.
●Updated test matrices, test plans, and documentation at each major release and performed Regression testing using automated script.
●Managed/Updated Shared object repository from time to time using Object Repository Manager.
●Used environment variables as global variables to pass the values between actions.
●Carried out the manual testing of different interfaces.
●Provided Test Estimates for various phases of the project.
●Reported and tracked defects in the Quality Center bug tracking system.
●Automated the test cases using Quick Test Professional
●Performed QA Process management by automated process, identified functional changes vs. business impact and trained QA team with cross business training.
●Work closely with software developers and take an active role in ensuring that the software components meet the highest quality standards
●Supported Production team to understand and execute the processes.
●Created application documentation to assist in the support and training of users.

Environment: LoadRunner, Citrix, Performance Center, HP BAC, LDAP, PPM, Oracle, E-Business, MS SQL Server, Web logic, IIS, WebSphere,Load Balancer, Performance Center, Jmeter, SiteScope, PeopleSoft, Wily Introscope, Test Harness, PeopleSoft, JAVA, FIX, Test Director J2EE Diagnostic Tool web HTTP/HTML, Windows 2000 / XP, Windows NT Server, Solaris, AIX,IE.

Client: OCC, Dallas, TX
Role: Performance Tester Aug 2009-Aug 2010
Responsibilities:
●Defining the performance goals and objectives based on the client requirements and input.
●Involved in building a Performance Test Environment.
●Installed, configured and maintained Loadrunner 9.5.
●Extensively Worked in Web, and Web services in LoadRunner 9.5.
●Completely handled Oracle upgrade project. There was an upgrade from 9i to 10g. Apples to apples comparison was done to verify the performance of the new database.
●Scripted legacy desktop applications using Winsock protocol.
●Ensure the compatibility of all application platform components, configurations and their upgrade levels in production and make necessary changes to the lab environment to match production
●Create automated test scripts with LoadRunner VuGen.
●Execute test and monitor system performance Sitescope, LoadRunner Controller.
●Extensively used SOAP UI to perform web services testing.
●Responsible for developing and executing performance and volume tests
●Develop test scenarios to properly load / stress the system in a lab environment and monitor / debug performance & stability problems.
●Coordinated with DBA for optimizing UNIX server for querying data in SQL and running scripts.
●Configure and set up monitors in Sitescope.
●Involved in analyzing, interpreting and summarizing meaningful and relevant results in a complete Performance Test Report.
●Work closely with software developers and take an active role in ensuring that the software components meet the highest quality standards.
●Used Virtual User Generator to generate VuGen Scripts for web protocol. Ensure that quality issues are appropriately identified, analyzed, documented, tracked and resolved in Quality Center.
●Developed and deployed test Load scripts to do end to end performance testing using Load Runner.
●Implemented and maintained an effective performance test environment.
●Identify and eliminate performance bottlenecks during the development lifecycle.
●Accurately produce regular project status reports to senior management to ensure on-time project launch.
●Conducted Duration test, Stress test, Baseline test
●Verify that new or upgraded applications meet specified performance requirements.
●Used Performance Center to execute tests, and maintain scripts.
●Used to identify the queries which were taking too long and optimize those queries to improve performance
●Work closely with software developers and take an active role in ensuring that the software components meet the highest quality standards.
●Provide support to the development team in identifying real world use cases and appropriate workflows
●Performs in-depth analysis to isolate points of failure in the application
●Assist in production of testing and capacity certification reports.
●Investigate and troubleshoot performance problems in a lab environment. This will also include analysis of performance problems in a production environment.
●Created Test Schedules.
●Worked closely with clients
●Interface with developers, project managers, and management in the development,
●Execution and reporting of test performance results.

Environment: LoadRunner 9.5, Performance Center, JMeter, SiteScope, Oracle, Citrix, MS SQL Server, Weblogic, Load Balancer, JAVA, Quality Center 10, J2EE Diagnostic Tool, web, Windows 2000/XP

Education:
MS in Applied Statistics from West Virginia University.
Contact this candidate