Natalia Guskova
Performance Engineer
Page * of *
Mail: ad2kg0@r.postjobfree.com Cell: 843-***-****
LinkedIn: http://linkedin.com/in/natalia-guskova-3563b2205 Located: Charleston SC, US
SUMMARY
An Established Performance Engineer with 3+ years of Industry experience. Well-versed in Performance testing, Functional testing, Regression testing, Load, Stress, Spike, Endurance, SOA testing, and Scalability testing. Strong experience in LoadRunner, JMeter, Postman, Test case development, Test case scripts & scenarios, Script creation, and Data analysis. Extensive experience in Java, SQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle, Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Grafana, Tomcat, JSON, and GitHub.
SCORE CARD
Skills Years of Experience
Overall Industry Experience 3+
Performance Testing Test Case Development 3+
Test Case Scripts & Scenarios Data Analysis 3+
LoadRunner JMeter SQL Oracle 3+
Grafana Telegraf Java Postman SoapUI 3+
PostgreSQL SOA Testing 1+
HIGHLIGHTS
• Performed SOA testing process to determine stability and scalability to gauge API performance under ultimate work conditions.
• Performed different types of performance testing including load, stress, endurance, and scalability on APIs.
• Recognized for adaptability in script development and execution including JMeter, load test scripts in LoadRunner, VuGen scripts in web like HTTP & code-specific LoadRunner scripts using C and API.
• Defined parameters for performance load tests ensuring their successful integration with automated test systems.
• Leveraged HP Load Runner to design and develop performance testing scripts, functions, scenarios & processes for all manner of testing situations to ensure projects met exemplary standards.
• Maintained expertise and adaptability in all testing types ranging from functional, end-to-end, regression, back-end, browser compatibility, and usability for the entire lifecycle of applications developed.
Core Competencies:
Performance Testing
Script Creation
Data Analysis
LoadRunner
JMeter
Load Test Scripts
Performance Documentation
Dashboard Creation
Quality Assurance
Jira
Java C
SQL Oracle
Grafana
Prometheus
Software Development Life Cycle
(SDLC)
Postman
InfluxDB
Telegraf
Tomcat
SoapUI
GitHub
JSON
Citrix VMware
PostgreSQL
XML CSS
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Functional Testing
End-to-end Testing
Regression & Back-end Testing
SOA Testing
Test Case Development
Test Case Scripts
Test Scenarios
Functional testing
Educational Background:
Bachelor of Computer Science,
Moscow Technological Institute,
Moscow, Russia – 22.
Natalia Guskova
Performance Engineer
Page 2 of 3
• Developed bug-tracking systems to identify & prioritize more pertinent issues to resolve before launch.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE+ +
Performance Testing Engineer Dec 19 – May 22
LC Performance Lab, Moscow, Russia
• Coordinated and established all performance test strategies for various developed applications, including an online VTB bank desktop & UX crowd.
• Created, supported, documentation & personally oversaw the execution before analyzing to communicate results among collaborating groups.
• Recognized for adaptability in script development and execution including JMeter, load test scripts in LoadRunner, VuGen scripts in web like HTTP / HTML & code-specific LoadRunner scripts using C and API.
• Formulated recommendations through data derived from strenuous data analysis and providing clear plans to reach continuous goals.
• Defined parameters for performance load tests ensuring their successful integration with automated test systems.
• Led teams of performance testers during creating, preparing, and administering quality assurance reviews to provide on-site & prompt guidance ensuring adherence to quality standards.
• Leveraged HP Load Runner to design and develop performance testing scripts, functions, scenarios & processes for all manner of testing situations to ensure projects met exemplary standards.
• Maintained expertise and adaptability in all testing types ranging from functional, end-to- end, regression, back-end, browser compatibility, and usability for the entire lifecycle of applications developed.
• Collaborated with adjoining engineers to provide quality assurance and develop enhancements for existing scripts by including transactions, parameterizing constant values, and correlating the dynamic values for a comprehensive solution.
• Relied upon to both develop & continuously maintain performance test scripts and test suites, ensuring traceability & guidance for other test engineers.
• Spearheaded automation efforts by establishing actionable development plans for test strategies.
• Directed test plan and analyzed the test scenarios to create extensive documentation on findings to define performance environment requirements, benchmarking, and ultimate interpretation.
• Developed dashboards with Grafana that optimized workflow division of client / server- side errors from real errors or gaps in the application logic.
• Developed bug-tracking systems to identify & prioritize more pertinent issues to resolve before launch.
Natalia Guskova
Performance Engineer
Page 3 of 3
• Collaborated in developing subsystems that enabled the engineering team to collect and display additional metrics.
• Prepared all findings & data reports, formalizing defects to create a roadmap for addressing the most pertinent issues.
• Entrusted to utilize personal judgment to determine and prioritize the criticality level of errors.
Functional Manual Tester Jan 19 – Dec 19
Luxoft LLC, Moscow, Russia
• Led manual testing for a cybersecurity research project to optimize company digital infrastructure practices, identifying deficiencies and analyzing data to formulate solutions.
• Performed different types of performance testing including load, stress, endurance, and scalability on APIs.
• Built derived test cases from known security requirements to serve as the basis for the project conducting penetration testing based on test cases to evaluate ultimate system performance.
• Performed SOA testing process to determine stability and scalability to gauge API performance under ultimate work conditions.
• Analyzed test result data for defects and potential weaknesses, collaborating with the engineering team to formulate recommendations to address discovered issues.
Contact this candidate