Gus Raad
248-***-**** https://www.linkedin.com/in/gus-raad-b9b880209/

On Board Diagnostics (OBD) Field & Calibration
Experienced On Board Diagnostics Field & Calibration Engineer with a proven track record in optimizing vehicle diagnostics systems for peak performance. Proficient in conducting comprehensive field assessments, analyzing data, and implementing precise calibration solutions. Adept at collaborating with cross-functional teams to ensure compliance with industry standards and delivering superior results. Dedicated to advancing diagnostic technology and enhancing vehicle functionality.

Key Accomplishments
Since 2009, successfully delivered over 500 OBD threshold catalyst bricks for Ford Company throughout the world. Most importantly, created and delivered DDV threshold systems for the GTDI 3.5L for the first time through using a nontraditional aging method. Developed and demonstrated deep problem-solving capability and have drawn on this ability in every position held since the beginning of my career in the auto industry.

Technical Achievements
Patented an algorithm to detect Intake/Vacuum leaks patent# 6,684,689. Organized and led an investigative team from the OBD, Surveillance and Compliance departments to study the impact of intake leaks on tailpipe emissions.
Patented an algorithm to detect Exhaust leaks patent# 6,568,246. Organized and led an investigative team from the OBD, Surveillance and Compliance departments to study the impact of exhaust leaks on tailpipe emissions.
Applied and received a Ford award for a patent to activate electrically heated catalyst and HEGO sensor heater prior to vehicle start-up. Also, written and documented this idea in a flow chart.

Areas of Expertise
On Board Diagnostics (OBD) Expertise Vehicle Diagnostics Optimization Calibration Solutions Implementation
Innovative Problem Solving Algorithm Development (Intake/Vacuum and Exhaust Leak Detection)
Patented Solutions for Emissions Improvement Dyno-based Aging Method Development Quality Metrics Implementation Process Automation Program Management Surveillance Program Expertise Team Leadership and Organization

Languages
English French Arabic

Professional Experience
Johnson Matthey Testing Taylor, MI March 2022 – 2023
Test engineer responsible for dyno test cells of new catalysts technologies including wash coat and substrates. Prepared test results and reports for customer review

Ford Motor Company, Dearborn, MI June 1986 - 2020
Forward Electrical Quality Team
Forward quality electrical for the 2022 P758, 2023 CDX and 2024 U625. Worked with several cross-functional teams such as PMTs and D&R to verify DFMEA, Boundary and P-Diagrams. Also, worked closely with Application Engineers to ensure current issues are resolved and will not affect future programs warranty.

Emission Compliance Department 2003 - 2018
Oversaw the development of OBD Threshold systems. Since assuming the OBD aging responsibilities in January 2009, over 1000 catalyst bricks have been successfully aged and delivered to Ford programs throughout the world. In addition, developed and delivered new aging methods to achieve a threshold system recently approved by ARB. These new methods include Controlled Misfire and High Temperature 4-Mode Aging Cycle:

Developed a dyno based Aging Method to achieve a threshold catalyst system for OBD monitor: To migrate to a single step aging process, a controlled misfire aging process was developed to achieve a threshold system using engine dyno. This new process is completed and approved by ARB.

Developed a dyno based High Temp 4-Mode Aging Cycle to achieve a threshold catalyst system for OBD monitor: This process is on hold in favor of step 1 process above. Investigated NG burner as an alternative aging method to engine dyno for FUL and OBD threshold Parts. After joining the after-treatment department, assigned the responsibility to monitor supplier’s catalyst aging process to ensure compliance with Ford Corporate Engineering Test Procedure (CETP). Since May 2003, and under my supervision and direction, aging suppliers developed and implemented three new processes:

Implemented Misfire Detection Monitor, during FUL aging, in 2005 for dyno applications: This Monitor is used when aging FUL catalyst on dyno. It eliminated most of the over-temperature conditions, reducing RED cats from 10% to 0%, and saved Ford Motor Company approximately $100,000 a year.

Implemented Index Ratio (Catalyst Monitor), during FUL aging, as a quality metric in 2007: Implementation of IR an instantaneous catalyst quality metric, reduced catalyst exposure to additional aging and cut catalyst aging cost by an average of $50,000 per year based on 500 total aged catalyst.

Implemented Automated Chemistry Set-Up during FUL aging on dyno: Through the automation of the Chemistry set up and checks for CO and O2, suppliers reduced aging time by ~ 5 hours or 10%, saving Ford Motor Company ~$100,000 per year.

Additional Relevant Experience

On Board Diagnostics (OBD) Field Feedback MIL
Investigated engine MIL (Malfunction Indicator Light) coming on in the field. Assisted dealers across the country with vehicle diagnostics. During that assignment, a weld issue with the Mass Airflow Sensor, used across multiple vehicle lines, caused the engine to set the MIL light. Worked closely with Visteon to ensure permanent corrective action. The Quality office reported that the resolution of this issue saved Ford Motor Company 13 million dollars and reduced MAFS warranty from 1R/1000 to .01 R/1000.

VEE – In Use Testing Program Manager
Managed and tested over 60 customer vehicles under the Alternative Durability Program (ADP) and the in –Use Verification Program (IUVP). Results were presented to CARB and EPA. Acted as a member of the Ford team that helped roll out CAP2000 in California two years prior to the mandate saving Ford Motor Company $2 million. Represented Ford Motor Company during a surveillance program on the 5.0L 1998 Explorer run by ARB.

Program Manager and Launch Support
Managed the release of Powertrain Control Module (PCM) wiring schematics and including the following: Job 1 Launch: member of the launch team supporting PVT on a variety of Ford cars and trucks such as: Taurus/Sable at the Atlanta and Chicago assembly plants, the Lincoln Continental and the Explorer/Mountaineer Expedition & Navigator Lead Fresh Eyes review prototype build on the Taurus /Sable, Windstar and the Explorer/Mountaineer.

2.5L V6 Engine Calibration Engineer
On dyno evaluation of Powertrain System Analysis for the Contour / Mystique vehicle lines (PSA). Additionally, calibrated
Transient Fuel, cold start Open Loop Fuel tables and MAF sensor transfer function. Led the calibration team during
hot weather testing at the Arizona Proving Ground, during which several calibration improvements were made to the hot fuel handling and purge calibration.

D&R Engineer
Member of the Mass Airflow and HEGO sensor teams with D&R packaging and design responsibilities for all
Ford applications. Published recommended design and packaging guidelines for the Mass Airflow Sensor,

GM - AC Spark Plug Flint, MI
Product & Supplier Quality Assurance Engineer

Special Skills and Personal Achievements

Strong Project Management and Organizational Skills
Successfully completed a modified Surveillance Program at CARB (1998 5.0L Explorer). Successfully negotiated with the agency a favorable method to Ford Motor Company to test the integrity of the OBD Catalyst Monitor. - Managed and tested over 60 customer vehicles in 2001 in Michigan and in California. Worked closely with our contract labs to ensure that vehicles are scheduled and tested in a timely manner.

Organized and lead multi-disciplined teams
Patented an algorithm to detect Intake/Vacuum leaks patent# 6,684,689. Organized and lead an investigative team from the OBD, Surveillance and Compliance departments to study the impact of intake leaks on tail pipe emissions. - Patented an algorithm to detect Exhaust leaks patent# 6,568,246. Organized and lead an investigative team from the OBD, Surveillance and Compliance departments to study the impact of exhaust leaks on tail pipe emissions.

Communication and Technical Contributions
Prepared and presented a PowerPoint presentation to convey intake and exhaust leaks test results to the OBD and
VEE management teams including the impact of leaks on emissions.
Applied for two separate patents relating to HEGO sensor heater and Electrically Heated Catalyst, which were published in the Research Disclosure paper February 1998 RD-40618.

Education
Bachelor of Science (B.S.) in Electrical and Computer Engineering
Wayne State University, Detroit, MI

Certifications
Completed the WSU/Ford Motor Company EEC software certificate class (6 months of training)
Contact this candidate