Wondimu Nega Phone:240-***-**** Performance Test Engineer ad4rey@r.postjobfree.com Silver Spring, MD
Summary of Experience and Qualifications
I have 8 years of extensive experience in Load Runner and Performance Centre including Virtual User Generator, Controller, Load Runner Agents, and Result Analysis. Strong experience in working with performance test plans, test strategies, test scripts, test metrics, and test data. Proficient in Planning, Developing, Scripting, Executing, and Analyzing Performance Tests. Hands-on experience in load, stress, endurance, and capacity testing for legacy mainframe and cloud applications.
Highlights
Proficient with using, installing, and configuring Vugen, controller, Analysis and Load Generators.
Successfully completed Azure migration load testing for major Legacy applications using performance testing and monitoring tools i.e., HP Performance Center, Dynatrace, Splunk cloud, and AppInsights SQL experience.
Extensive experience with Load, stress, Endurance, spike, scalability, Volume, and Failover testing for Performance.
Excellent with parameterization and correlation.
Involved in Developing load and performance test scripts using Web HTTP/HTML, Web services, and True Clients.
Involved in writing various functions to create realistic load tests on the application.
Ability to work in a team environment and manage multiple tasks simultaneously.
Extensive Knowledge in Performance Test Life Cycle, Software Testing, Requirement Gathering, Estimation, Test Planning & Preparation, Execution, and Reporting.
Professional Experience:
Walmart April 2022- Present Sunnyvale, CA
Performance Test Engineer Responsibilities:
Currently working in an agile development environment. participate in weekly scrum meeting for the applications development.
Handling test data in various formats (JSON, XML, CSV, etc.) and understand data storage, encoding, encryption, data transformation, and related concepts.
Monitor resources to identify performance bottlenecks, analyze test results, report the findings to the clients, and provide recommendations for performance improvements as needed.
Perform root cause analysis of a system, found the bottlenecks using monitoring tools –AppDynamics, Dynatrace, AppInsight, and Splunk.,
Requirements Gathering and Analysis while Conducting Functional Testing, involved in Test plan and Test Strategy Activities.
Define Performance Test Strategy and create/ enhance performance test scripts with HP/Micro Focus Vugen 12.5.
Create API testing (REST/SOAP) using JMeter webservice and web samplers.
Analyzing results of Transactions Response time, Transaction summary by Users, hit per Second, Throughput, and merged graphs using LR Analysis Tool.
Define Rendezvous Point to create intense load on the server to measure the server performance under Load.
Testing the newly added servers in load environment and find out the additional server positively affected the throughput and improved response time using LoadRunner and JMeter.
Working with monitoring and cloud enablement team to make sure AppInsights & cloud monitoring tool are working fine using Azure AppInsights.
Geico Jun 2019-April 2022 Chevy chase, MD
Performance Engineer Responsibilities:
Monitored Application JVM, GC process, resource utilization to identify memory Leak network deadlock and identify redundance
Designed, develop, execute performance test cases and scripts that cover a wide variety of scenarios such as smoke, functional, regression, endurance, and performance testing through analysis of product specifications and software requirements.
Recorded Vuser scripts using Vuser Generator (Vugen), inserted transaction points to calculate the transaction response times and employed Rendezvous points to simulate real-world scenarios.
Organized & tested the change (FIM Module enabling in Trend Micro’s Antivirus) in load and verified the change not introducing the negative effect using LoadRunner and JMeter.
Worked with a Rational performance Tester, and recorded test scripts for testing.
Carried out multiple phases of load tests and scheduled them as per requirements.
Inserted Transaction and checkpoint into Vugen Scripts as well as parameterized and correlate the scripts.
Used Controller to schedule the Vuser and connect to different hosts and run the scenarios with load runner performance test summary report preparation.
Monitored the web, App, Process Server, and DB servers while the system is under testing closely.
Created and executed load and performance tests using HP performance center.
Capital One Feb 2016-Jun2019 Richmond, Virginia
Performance Test Engineer Responsibilities:
Developed and executed performance test scripts for load and stress of web services testing using HP LoadRunner /HP performance center.
Worked with DBA team for requirements gathering and test data collection for specific bind variables and parameters.
Diagnosed performance bottlenecks of the application using Dynatrace and monitoring application health with DNT,AppDynamics and Hp OV monitoring tools.
Designed and created performance test scenarios and executed them in the HP performance center.
Developed virtual user scripts using LoadRunner VuGen for various business processes, performed correlation, data parameterization, and customization of scripts.
Created scenarios in the LoadRunner controller based on the test profiles, and fine-tuned the virtual user runtime, and scenario scheduler settings.
Created detailed test plans and test cases from the business requirements documents.
Worked on capacity testing while creating scalability, stress, and high-volume testing.
Worked with production monitoring and other team Admin for requirement analysis and POS validation purpose.
Expertise in writing advanced LoadRunner scripts on HTTP/ HTML, web service and did POC in TruClient protocols.
Created scenarios in the LoadRunner controller based on the test profiles, and fine-tuned the virtual user runtime, and scenario scheduler settings.
Studied application performance and maximum scalability, critical parameters such as the number of user hits per second (HPS), and Throughput using Load runner.
Environment:
LoadRunner 12.05, HP Performance Center, AWR, Toad, Siebel, Web services, HTTP/HTML, SQL Plus, HP Controller, Excel, Outlook, Load generator, AWS Report Analysis.
Tools Experience:
LoadRunner 12.x/11.X/9.x/8.x/ LoadRunner (HP VuGen/HP Controller/HP Analysis)/ALM/QC/HP Performance Center 11.x/9.x/soup UI 5. x/4. /JMeter /APM/Putty/NT/Putty /BMC/Secure CRT/TOAD/MT Putty/HTTP/HTML/Web Services/WSDL/True Clint/Multi windows socket /wininet/socket/ JavaScript (HP LR 12.5)/C#/C/C++ //HTML/CSS/Java/JavaScript.
Education:
Bachelor's degree in water engineering
Arba Minch University, Ethiopia
Contact this candidate