William J. Roxbury Jr.
Lawrenceville, GA
Cell 203-***-****
ad5dnx@r.postjobfree.com
ad5dnx@r.postjobfree.com

Linkedin = https://www.linkedin.com/in/william-roxbury-130a5a3

Summary

An experienced information technology professional with skills including system engineering and administration, database administration and tuning, capacity planning, Infrastructure including end to end for data flow and performance testing. Mainframe experience for configurations and performance tests execution and analysis.

Professional Experience

Infosys – Consultant – Charles Schwab
Performance Testing Lead WFH
July 2020 - Present

JMeter and Blazemeter were used to create, configure, execute scripts for Performance Load Testing efforts
Testing analysis was conducted to verify that transactions were successful and met the SLA window to complete
Mainframe and DB2 were used to execute performance tests for production code prior to release to production
BMC Software Control-M used to work with batch jobs schedules for mainframe and distributed servers
Managed Sprint project timeline for performance testing team efforts for onshore/offshore team
System Engineer tasks included managing and configuring VMware virtual servers using PCF in cloud
Built and configured Splunk Consoles for dashboards and queries. Used to view application and server performance data and reports. Built automated queries for threshold alerts and weekly reports
BMC Software REMEDY used for ITSM management
AppDynamics used to analyze performance of applications and servers
Jira entries were used for project tracking and issues reported
Bitbucket used for managing and configure environments
Confluence site developed for documentation repository
Puppeteer, Node.js and Lighthouse used for automated testing

Presently completed classes for Java Programing, Automation Testing Selenium using JUnit and TestNG, RESTAPI and SOAP UI.

Infosys – Consultant – Lenovo
Performance Testing Lead Mooresville NC
Oct 2019- June 2020

Managed project timeline and working with offshore team for performance testing efforts
JMeter and Stress Stimulus used to create and playback scripts for Performance Testing
Tested Supply Chain for availability date, minimum/maximum limits for production lines per shift/day, weight settings, build components for computers, locations, packaging
Tested WMS for Quantity on Hand, Back Orders, Quantity in build process.at factory with due date, End of Life Items and last available date, maximum limits for items ordered and expense allotted on accounts
Jira for issues and project tracking
Microsoft Azure Console used to review Cloud statistics

Infosys – Consultant – Ameren ST Louis
Performance Testing Lead ST Louis MO
April 2019 – Oct 2019

Managed project timeline and working with offshore team for performance testing efforts
Worked with Load Complete V4.2 to create and playback scripts for Performance Testing
Jira for issues and project tracking
Created Dynatrace dashboard panels used for monitoring and analysis. Reviewed logs for error/failure messages
IBM Maximo used for Service, Relay and Substation work flows for Ameren
Q Test used to enter defect and status, used for test management tool
Click Software Schedule and Mobile used for creating dispatch tasks and scheduling FSE for field and maintenance work.

Infosys – Consultant – PECO
Performance Testing Philadelphia PA
November 2018 – March 2019

Worked on Mainframe to execute performance tests for client data
Testing analysis was conducted to verify that transactions were successful and met the SLA window to complete
worked onsite with Performance Team conducting Performance tests on mainframe and distributed servers
Oracle MDM version 2.2 (Meter Data Management) tool used which performance testing was conducted
Oracle 12 SQL Developer version 4.1.3 used to run queries and report on tests results
HP ALM Explorer 12.2 and Performance Center toolset used for defects and testing
Python Anacondia 3 scripts created and modified to run scripts for reports on clients data
HTTPWatch tool chrome version to trace paths and connections for Oracle MDM
User Interface for response times

Capgemini - Contractor – Georgia Technology Authority Account
Senior System Engineer Atlanta GA
Capacity/Performance and Demand Management
January 2016- September 2018

Worked with Infrastructure team on Capacity Demand Management for as part of Service Management
As part of Capacity Planning Management monthly reports pulled and reviewed with client
ITIL Foundation V3.0 Certification completed April 2018
BMC Software REMEDY for ITSM

Delta Airlines Inc. Atlanta GA
Senior System Engineer - Capacity Planner and Performance Engineer
August 2010 – January 2016

System Engineer included managing and review systems performance from tools which gathered data
Worked with QA Testers using Load Runner / Performance Center for Performance Testing over 6 years including End to End testing for Delta.com
HP Asset Manager used for asset tracking for IT Data Center
Built Dynatrace servers and worked with software once implemented.
Various Operating Systems including AIX, Linux, SUN, Windows, IBM Netezza, VMWare
Built workload models and created reports using BMC TRU Sight Capacity Optimizer Tool. Eighteen months of collected performance data was used and projections were built. Analysis used to determine if pro-active measures were needed to adjust server configurations for cpu, disk, memory and network utilization.
Assigned to Oracle 12.0 upgrade project where Oracle workloads models were built for Dev, QA and Productions environments. Oracle workload models used to migrate from IBM AIX 6.1 onto Linux 5.3 server builds. Modeling and Health Analysis Report were furnish throughout the 18 months of the project.
Created Oracle workloads for shared servers to be used to analyze, forecast usage for cpu, disk, memory and network utilization
Tasked in Capacity Planning Role at Delta Airlines to manage physical and virtual server in three data centers
VMware Virtual Center used to monitor and report on virtual servers which included QA Load testing
HP Open View used to review and create performance reports for servers.
Conducted what if scenarios using BMC Analyzer/Predictor and TRU Sight Capacity Optimizer Tool for capacity analysis which was supplied to Architecture team to determine if vendor recommendations were realistic based on actual performance data collected and analyzed.
Built models using BMC TRU Sight Capacity Optimizer Tool for workload migration from P2P, P2V and V2V servers. Analysis documented if proposed environments were built to meet needs for present and future workloads. Analysis also justified cost savings of hardware when physical to virtual servers or larger resource servers were available to meet the workload needs.
Created application workloads for Hyperion, Java, JBoss, Tomcat and Websphere
Created capacity health analysis reports and conducted weekly meetings with owners/management. Root cause analysis was conducted when threshold values were exceeded
Produced Analysis Report of Performance Tests conducted with QA team which was used to evaluate if server build meet business requirements prior to migrating onto production servers
Built daily reports in BMC TRU Sight Capacity Optimizer Tool to distribute to Capacity team when threshold values were exceeded to be used for root cause analysis
Review performance data collected to ensure F5 Load Balancers were distributing workloads as expected.

IBM Contractor at AT&T Atlanta GA
Senior System Engineer - Capacity Planner Consultant
April 2010 –August 2010

Assigned to projects for application, software and server refreshes where capacity reports were created and supplied to project team.
Configured BMC Perceiver Tool to display capacity data for customer / application owner to view.
Reported to Customer and IT management on health analysis on servers as requested.

Hewlett Packard Company Trumbull, CT
Senior System Engineer - Capacity Analyst/ Performance Design/QA Performance Tester - Unilever Account
June 2007 – March 2010

System Engineer managing and review systems performance from tools which gathered data
Responsible for Capacity and Performance planning for two data centers in North America.
Load Runner / Performance Center used for conducting load/stress testing web based environments - HTTP/HTTPS, Citrix, Oracle, SQL Server
HP Asset Manager used for asset tracking for IT Data Center
HP Open View was used to create performance reports produced for customer servers.
Used HP ESL to track server inventory in data centers (CMDB).

Unilever IT NA Trumbull, CT
Senior System Engineer - Capacity Analyst / Performance Design/QA Performance Tester
June 2002 – June 2007

System Engineer managing and review systems performance from tools which gathered data
Tested Supply Chain for availability date, minimum/maximum limits for production lines per shift/day, weight settings, ingredients, locations, packaging
Test WMS for Quantity on Hand, Back Orders, Quantity in build process.at factory with due date, End of Life Items and last available date, maximum limits for items ordered and expense allotted on accounts
BMC Software REMEDY for ITSM
Mercury Interactive Load Runner 8.1 and Performance Center used for load/stress testing web
based environments - HTTP/HTTPS, Citrix, Oracle, SQL Server.
Tested company’s web sites for Unilever products prior to release on TV shows NBC Apprentice,
Oprah and Super Bowl.
Worked with software vendors to improve and correct issues found during Load Runner testing.
Create test plans including phases and documented cases based on business guidelines.
BMC Software Analyzer/Perform/Predict version 7.4.00 used for analysis and evaluation.
BMC Predictor tool used to create growth/sizing data models for present and future demands.
BMC Software Visualizer 4.2 used for creating server health reports for business review.
Built and maintained server environments used for data collections on LPAR, Linux and VMware servers
Created server consolidation reports to reduce operating costs using BMC Predictor modeling tool,
Perform trouble shooting for poor performing environments through use of real time BMC Investigate tool.
Quest Software Spotlight for Unix and Windows used to capture performance data and history
Worked with IT Architecture team to review new demand proposals.
Member of change management team (CAB) to determine system changes and approvals for releases.
Used Office 2003 daily to create reports and analyze customer performance data collected.
Worked with Capacity Team to created performance ITIL guideline documentation.
Contributed to performance group’s standards.
Tested in lab software including Itanium server’s platform prior to releasing to production.
Created SQL statements to data mine Oracle/SQL databases.
Worked with global team to plan versions of software tools to use and support business needs so company
Worldwide is on the same version of products.
Worked on several major projects to consolidate servers into one data center in North America.
Included Business Warehouse, ESSbase, Hyperion, Oracle, SQL Server 2005 applications.

World Com Chantilly, VA.
Environment Planning and Engineering Team
November 2000-March 2002

Used HP/UX 10.20 and 11i to copy, move files and scripts created
Created UNIX shell scripts used for automating daily tasks.
GE Information Systems – Enterprise Application ver. 6.96 and 7.1 used to configure and process customer orders. Included in process was updating EDI to meet vendor’s specifications to process orders.
Merant PVCS Version Manger UNIX 6.5 and NT version 6.7 used for daily tasks of checking in and out of files and scripts for testing and production migration.
PVCS Tracker used for knowledge base/ ticket system for migration of files to servers. .
AI Trade Guide version 3.1 and 3.2 used for EDI customer data flow configuration.
Windows 2000 and Office Professional used daily.
World Com Registry software used to configure data flow between servers and applications.
Point of contact for various monthly software releases.

Apache Medical Systems Inc. McLean, VA.
Product Distribution Manager October 1999-March 2000.

System Engineer including building servers from scratch received from factory.
BMC Software REMEDY for ITSM
UNIX commands were used to build and trouble shoot problems on customer servers (Solaris).
Install shield 5.5 used to write company software and data on CDs delivered to clients.
Cognos 4.0.1 used to query and create Adhoc reports using customer database.
Downloaded customer data to local server for research SAS database.
Used Microsoft Access 97 for CDC databases for clinical records.

Apache Medical Systems Inc. McLean, VA.
Technical Support Analyst II September 1998- October 1999

Database SQL programming using Oracle 7.3.4, 8.15 and Personal Oracle, Solaris 2.5.
Installed SUN OS and Oracle onto Sun 250/450 servers for Y2000 compliance.
Installed Data General DG-UX with Oracle 8.1.5 onto new customer servers.

EIS International Herndon, VA.
Technical Support Engineer S7000 TOMS Group September 1996 – September 1998.

Database SQL programming using INFORMIX on customer databases.
Used UNIX commands to perform system maintenance for customer sites involving adding, deleting and killing user processes, stopping and restarting printer daemon, removing files from hard drive to free space. Monitored for network collisions, and processor performance.
Knowledge of installing hard drives, tape drives, modems, printers, port servers, network cards and Ethernet connectivity.
Resolved problems on SCSI hard drives, Dat and 9 track tape drives, serial and network printers, Wyse 50 and 60 terminals, cabling and connectors and port servers, and network connectivity to host.
Modified IP addresses. Added new stations to system.
Perform tape backup and restored files.
Instructed customer to install equipment cards.
Worked with teams to create knowledge database for known repeated problems.

The Blood Center for Southeast Louisiana New Orleans, LA.
Data Base Administrator / System Administrator June 1994- September 1996

Data Base Programmer using UNISYS MAPPER, documented tested, validated programs for FDA.
Responsibilities included keeping mainframe online for local and remotes site.
Installed patches as required by software vendors.
Installed network cards on pc’s, Novell 3.12 used for administrative staff.

Southern Connecticut State University New Haven, CT.
Lab Assistant January 1992 – December 1993

Worked on VAX System and network of 486 PC's.
Software on network included JCL on IBM 370 mainframe, Windows 3.1, Word Perfect 5.1 for DOS and Windows, Lotus 1-2-3, D Base III, DOS 5.0, Turbo Pascal 6, Masm and Tasm Assembly Languages.

Education and Certifications:

Southern Connecticut State University
New Haven, Connecticut
B. S. Computer Science
January 1994

Confluence Jira
Kanban Board
ITIL Foundation V3 Certified
Splunk Certifications
BMC Analyze, Predict and Visualizer, Tru Sight Capacity Optimizer
BMC Remedy, Asset Manager and Service Center
IBM - AIX Performance Tuning
IBM - Linux Red Hat Unix Administration
Data General DG-UX Administration
Oracle University - Introduction to SQL
Mercury/HP Load Runner
HP Open View
HPAsset Manager
HP ALM
Unisys Mapper
Contact this candidate