RESUME

M.Prakash
*/*** ***** ******,
Rasipalayam (PO),
Sulur (Via)
Coimbatore-641 402

Email: ad5tiq@r.postjobfree.com.

Voice +888*******, 638*******

ABOUT

Diploma mechanical Engineer, I am not superhero but I am super mind person with 14 years of Experienced in procurement of all Oil and gas valve bought out parts, sand castings, investment castings, forged parts, Wrought Material, Hi Tensile Fasteners, Gaskets, packing materials, Imported O-ring soft materials, Pneumatic cylinders, gear boxes ETC.

Initial assessment & Audit of potential Vendors developing the new vendors for invest castings, fasteners, forgings parts. Supplier assessment and audit to be perform as per API and ISO standards.

Area of procurements lines are, investment castings, forging parts, ring rolling parts, fasteners, Soft selling parts, gaskets, fabrication, machined parts, Heat treatment, Stellite welding activity, Nitrding, xylan/PTFE coating, hot dip Galvanising, hot chrome plating.

I aware of Applicable valve standards ASTM, ASME, ANSI B 16.34, MSS SP 55,API 6D API 603, API 600, API 602.

Coordinate with Quality CFT Teams and Performing the supplier audit and assessment of critical and non-critical suppliers to develop suppliers as per company polices.

I have good knowledge of valve price working for all types of valve like swing check valve, knife gate valve, wedge gate valve, high performance valve, API 6A gate Valve.

Have held increasingly responsible positions and have lead a team of 6 members

Have the ability to lead and manage people.

Creative and aggressive self-starter with integrative thinking skills and good communication skills capable of forming and maintaining positive and productive working relationships in internal, external, independent, and team environments.

ACADEMIC DETAILS:

Course
Institution
Board/
University
Year of
Completion
Marks %

X

Govt High school-Rasipalayam
SSLC
2005
70.5%
DME

RVS Polytechnic College-Sulur.
DME
2009
70%

EXPERIENCE:

S.No.
Industry
Period
Field Exposed

1.

SRI RANGANATHER INDUSTRIES (P) LTD (COIMBATORE)
2005 to 2007
Assembly planning bought out items.
2.
FLOW LINK SYSTEMS (P) LTD (COIMBATORE)
2010 to Jan-2023
Senior purchase officer- Bought out components, Investment casting,forgings,sand castings, pattern, machining parts, Fabrication parts, O rings, Imported parts, Vendor development & Sub Contract, Tools Etc.
3
National Fittings P ltd
2023 April TO TILL
Purchase Manager-Looking for all procurements and store’s inventory management, Raw materials, Fabrication, machined parts, wrought materials, bought out valves, bought out materials for valves,fittings.

About the Company:

Flow Link Systems (P) Ltd. Serves customer worldwide requiring high- quality castings on a contractual basis. Manufactures valves to customer’s proprietary drawings and specifications. It carries certificates in ISO 9001-2000, PED, IBR, API and European CE standards. Manufacturing valves: gate valves, ball valves, butterfly valves, orbit valves, plug valves, check valves, knife gate valves, wedge gate valves, pump casings, bearing housings and etc.

TRAINING DETAILS
S.No.
Industry
Number of Day’s
Field Exposed
1.
Coimbatore Productivity Council
1
Communication and Interactive Skills
2.
ABK AOTS DOSOKAI
1
Achieving Excellence Through Japanese Technique "5S"
3.
FMS (Flow link Management Systems ( KPI)
1
Timely selection, evaluation of vendors, procure materials/services meeting specifications on time, cost effectively, and adherence to QMS/6S procedures related to machine shop bought out materials and consumable.
4.
API 6D & API Q1
3MONTHS
REVA phoenix Consultant services. API Q1 Standard’s Purchasing process, Procedure, work instruction implementations and audit
5.
API 603 & API 6D BALL VALVE
10 DAYS
Omega API Consultant - API 603 & API 6D BALL VALVE Purchasing standards and implementations
6.
API 6D & API Q1 – 25th Editions
5 DAYS
API 6D & API Q1 – 25th Editions

COMPUTER PROFICIENCY

CAD Packages : AutoCAD
Office Suites : Microsoft Office
Platform Used : NAVISION, MICROSOFT, IFS SOFTWARE
Standards : ASME BPVC, ASME 16.34, ASME 16.5, ASME 16.10, ASME16.25,NACE MR 0175, API 6D, ISO 9001:2015

Key Strengths :

Communication to Internal and external suppliers
Values and respects others and supplier relationship, team work
Continues improvement
Strong negotiations skills
Materials planning as per customer requirements.
Creative thinking
Achieving the results
Critical decision making

IT IS MY RESPONSIBILITIES OF PURCHASING .

Leads project purchasing activities and guides relevant internal suppliers to ensures purchasing’s strategies and contracts are implemented locally.

Global Sourcing of materials and direct and indirect materials purchasing for all valve parts and developing the new suppliers.

Negotiate the suppliers and supplier agreements and managing suppliers and lead the purchasing process.

Lead to develop new suppliers, materials price cost reduction, commodity price negotiations, supply chain lead time reduction, vender inventory management etc.

Adhere and ensure the purchasing compliance, and local government rules on suppliers, including understanding of the international legal requirements and policies.

Cost optimization. localizations, alternate sourcing & value engineering

Responsible to deliver and implement the purchasing procedure and policies for direct and indirect suppliers.

Responsible to achieve materials cost reductions to ensure competiveness of final product of the valves.

Work closely with internal departments.

New vender development and New product development activities.

Coordinating with Engineering, research and develop the product with cost effective manner.

Coordinate with Quality to ensure suppliers right first time delivery, daily materials quality rejections, rework.

Supplier management and monitoring supplier performance and manage supplier’s performance evaluations ratings.

Negotiating the supplier payment as mutually agreed.

Supply chain lead time reductions.

Project #1

Project Title : Development
Client : StreamFlo Industries, Cam Millbury, Sulivan & Sons, Tyco Valves
Role : investment casting Development.

Develop the investment castings sample CT6 tolerance (valve bodies, Ball valve Castings, Millbury castings. Supplier development as per customer drawings and specifications in committed lead times and get it approved for pilot and production lots.

Project #2

Project Title : KANBAN 2BIN systems
Client : Bought out Material.
Role : Project Coordinator.
Implementation of 2bin kanban systems for valve bought out materials.

Project #3:

Project Title : Development of KGV Valves.
Client : New Valve Development KGV Valves High performance valves, Gate Valves, WGV RF DIN 2501 PN 10, Isolation valve, Zinc Coated Valve,API 603 Wedge gate valves, High Performance Knife gate Valves, Wafer Check Valves in Gr-70, Double offset BFV Valve.

Project #4:

Project Title :FGD project- KGV 27”,28”,44”,56” & 58” KGV Valve development Bought out parts, gear box, other bought out parts development.
Role : Materials Planner

Developed the bought out components as per Bill of materials and customer requirements, Gate, fabrications, GEAR box, pneumatic cylinders, other critical components etc) supplier development and audit assessment as per ISO and API Requirements.,

Project #5:

Project Title :API 6D FLOATING BALL VALVE 1-1/2” to 8”150 FP Ball.
Role : Materials Planner
Valve bought out materials development Investment castings, ball & stem, Bought out parts, Fasteners, other bought out parts supplier development as per API requirements.

Project #6:

Project Title :API 6D TRUNION MOUNTED BALL VALVE 2” to 12”150 TMBV Ball.
Role : Materials Planner
Valve bought out materials development Investment castings, ball & stem, Bought out parts, Fasteners, other bought out parts supplier development as per API requirements.

AREA OF INTEREST

REQUIREMENTS ANALYSIS.
Cost savings, supplier selections
Upgrading and updating the knowledge as per current positions.

PERSONAL DETAILS

NAME : M.Prakash
DATE OF BIRTH : 24.11.1989
GENDER : Male
FATHER’S NAME : Mr. R.M.Moorthy

I, M.Prakash do hereby confirm that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge.

PLACE
DATE: M.Prakash
Contact this candidate