Professional Profile
Skilled Performance testing Engineer, Senior Performance Technical Support Engineer, and Team Manager in the Information Technology field. Demonstrated expertise includes:
LoadRunner and LoadRunner Enterprise administration, installation, configuration, and operations.
Customer relations management at all tiers of help desk support.
Load test project planning, requirement gathering, scripting, test execution, architecture, design, tuning, benchmarking, management, and documentation.
Leadership, teamwork, creativity, system analysis, troubleshooting, and problem solving.
Interpersonal, human relations, communication, and research skills.

Technical Expertise
Languages C, XML, HTML, JavaScript
Concepts Performance testing tools installation, configuration, operations, troubleshooting and resolving technical issues. Performance testing/interactive, performance testing/batch, network management systems, computer networks, white-box/black-box testing, information systems security, network technologies, wireless LAN technologies, systems analysis and design, web technologies, project planning platform rollouts and major deployments.
Software LoadRunner 8.1 to 24.1, LoadRunner Enterprise 9.0 to 24.1, LoadRunner Cloud, SiteScope, Network Virtualization, NeoLoad, JMeter, Jenkins, Windows (all versions), Microsoft Office 365, OneNote, VMware, Salesforce, Zoom, MS Teams, Quicken, Snagit, Harvest, Intercom, RingCentral, PagerDuty, GoToMeeting, Microsoft CRM, SharePoint, Input Director, Adobe Acrobat, DisplayFusion, FlashFXP, NotePad++, OneDrive, Skype, and MS SysInternals Suite.

Relevant Experience
Orasi Software Inc., Kennesaw, GA January 2011- April 2024
Senior Performance Support Delivery Engineer and Team Manager
Team Manager
Directly supervised, trained, and mentored all Performance Testing Tool Support Engineers.
Created a virtual/remote office environment for the team to collaborate, brainstorm, and interact to ensure resolutions for clientele.
Maintained a positive, open, and comfortable work environment.
Enhanced team members’ abilities to work independently and resolve technical issues.
Supervised, assisted, and consulted with team to resolve over 8900 technical software support issues/cases.
Senior Technical Support Engineer
Provided technical systems support services to clientele via telephone, email, and web meetings, successfully troubleshooting and resolving over 3500 technical support cases personally.
Researching, providing solutions, and confirming defects for supported products.
Provided verification that clientele’s performance testing environments were operating within established parameters.
Provided detailed solutions to clientele questions related to configurations of covered products, third-party products, operating systems, databases, installations, data migrations, operations, application of software patches, and documentation/licensure issues.
Formatted product feature enhancement requests with LoadRunner R&D teams on behalf of clientele.
Orasi Software Inc., Kennesaw, GA December 2006 – January 2011
Performance Testing Engineer/Consultant
Provided consulting services including scripting, testing, training, and mentoring related to LoadRunner, Performance Center, and Diagnostics. Load testing experience includes application of newer LoadRunner scripting techniques/protocols including Click-n-Script to ERP performance tests to reduce script development time, successfully completing 45 Performance/load testing projects of which 10 were SAP projects.
Industries: Automotive, manufacturing, consumer electronic, cosmetics, discount retail, fashion, financial, human resources, hotel, IT technologies, oil, shipping, medical, and temporary staffing.
Roles: Performance Testing Engineer, Performance Testing Engineer (SAP), Performance Testing Mentor, and Performance Testing Instructor.
Responsibilities/Deliverables include:
oFor LoadRunner: Proof of concept, demos, installations (including SiteScope and SAP Diagnostics), business process scripting, performance testing, and mentoring.
oFor HP Performance Center: Installation, troubleshooting and repair, scripting, performance testing.
oFor Training: Provided mentoring and formal classroom instruction to the customer in the fundamentals of HP LoadRunner and the best practices of HP LoadRunner scripting.
oProvided scripts and testing for SAP, integrated PeopleSoft and J.D. Edwards Enterprise System, human resources management and timecard/payroll tracking system using HP LoadRunner and Quick Test Professional (QTP) together.

US Navy April 1984 – December 2006
Naval Aviation Warfare Systems Operator and Naval Aircrewmen (with Top Secret clearance)
Aviation Warfare Systems Operator First Class Petty Officer
Coordinated and directed the operational efforts of both senior and junior operators responsible for detecting, analyzing, localizing, and tracking submarines. Evaluated personnel performance, directed administrative functions, and supervised operations, maintenance, and training teams through complex combat, training, and operational exercises.
Acoustic Sensor Operator
Performed general flight crew duties. Operated anti-submarine warfare (ASW) sensor systems to extract, analyze, and classify data obtained. Performed specified pre-flight, in-flight, post-flight, and diagnostic functions using manual techniques, built-in test equipment, and computer routines to troubleshoot faults and failures, and optimize system performance. Operated tactical support center systems to analyze and classify ASW data. Assisted in aircrew briefings and debriefings. Provided database information to the Tactical Commander for use in prescribing mission objectives and tactics.
Certified Master Training Specialist/Master Instructor
Trained junior officers and enlisted personnel in Submarine Acoustic signatures, Tactical Operations, and USW Oceanography in both classroom and in airborne environments. Initiated and oversaw the production of a comprehensive divisional curriculum plan that upgraded existing programs. Developed new training guidelines and integrated an extensive interactive computer-based training program. Managed squadron-wide training requirements, positively affecting mission readiness for 160 Pilots, Tactical Flight officers, and Aircrewmen.
Systems Administrator - Independent Contractor August 1996 – July 2009
Implemented information systems by analyzing and designing systems to meet the needs of the end-user (Certified Medical Transcriptionists). Researched available technologies to design, build, and maintain a small-business PC network. Provided suitable solutions, one-on-one training, and technical support for installation, enhancements, upgrades, and maintenance of hardware and software. Ensured data security through compliance with HIPAA information security regulations. Provided in-depth technical support for small PC networks with remote access. Provided 24/7 on call service for hardware and applications software.

Education/Training
Bachelor of Science in Business and Information Technology - University of Phoenix (May 2005).
Specialized training/schools in aviation warfare systems, intelligence collection, airborne surveillance, computer systems, physical and cyber security, leadership, combat operations, communications, personnel management, risk management, and training methods - US Navy (1984-2006).
Quality Center 9.0 Project Planning and Customization Training - HP (February 2007).
IT Security Awareness Training annually.
Completed 31 Tricentis NeoLoad online courses (August 2023-Feburary 2024).
Completed 46 LoadRunner Training classes - HP/HPE/Micro Focus/OpenText (2007-2024).
Completed 94 continuing education courses from Navy Knowledge Online (NKO), NETg Information Tech, SkillSoft Information Tech, SkillSoft Business Skills, Microsoft Online Courses, and HP Learning Center (2007-present).

Special Qualifications
Tricentis NeoLoad Professional Certification (October 2023).
Tricentis NeoLoad Fundamentals − Testing Application Performance Specialist Certification (September 2023).
Application Delivery Management (ADM) - Performance Engineering Certified Presales Engineer (MFCPE) Micro Focus/OpenText (March 2022).
Certified Professional Pro LoadRunner – Micro Focus (February 2015).
Certified Accredited Technical Professional (ATP)- LR/PC – HPE (May 2015).
Certified LoadRunner Accredited Integration Specialist (April 2008, April 2015-2021).
Certified Master Training Specialist/Master Instructor - Department of Defense (March 2000).
Top Secret Security Clearance (1986-2007)

Citizenship
Citizen of the United States of America.
Contact this candidate