Asma Khan
Contact: 214-***-****
ad7uvm@r.postjobfree.com
Status: US Citizen

Summary:

Performance Test Engineer with extensive experience in Fortune 100 companies. Gained experience, skill, and passion in ensuring systems are strong, fast, and durable. Ability to drive clarity into situations applying strong verbal and visual communication strengths to deliver well-performing, reliable, and scalable applications.

Experienced in performance testing of Web and Client/Server applications using automated tools such as HP/Mercury tools: (Performance Center 12.61, Quality Center 15.0) and VSTS.
Excellent understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (Agile and Waterfall) and importance of performance tester in Development/ Enhancement and Maintenance of software applications. Experience in working with various protocols like Web HTTP/HTML, Oracle NCA, Citrix, SAP GUI and SAP WEB Protocols
Expertise in delivery of regular test and analytical performance progress, status, defect, projected and actual execution, risk assessment and impact reports to the members of management, technical, non-technical audiences, and project team.
Designed and executed Automation test scripts using Performance testing tool HP LoadRunner for applications in Client/Server, Windows, UNIX/Linux, Web Services and Web based applications.
Execution of load/stress/endurance test and Analyze results from different tools like Performance Center, App Dynamics, Fog light, Perfmon, VMstat, Top, Netstat and provide issues identified to developer
Analysis of performance bottlenecks, end-to-end performance, and web performance measures like server response time, throughput and network latency. Worked on System Performance Testing Methodologies like Spike, Stress and Endurance Tests.
Monitored client server applications, web server, and application server, database servers with tools like Wily Intrascope, SiteScope and AppDynamics. Analyzed performance graphs and reports to identify network/client delays, CPU /memory usage, I/O delays, database locking and other issues at server level.
Experienced in monitoring Web Servers such as Apache, Tomcat and Application Servers such as Microsoft IIS, Web sphere, Web logic, Glassfish and Database Servers Such as SQL Server, PostgreSQL, and Oracle during different types of Performance Testing.
Proficient in SQL queries, PL/SQL stored procedures & Triggers. Experience in validating test data by retrieving data from Relational Databases Oracle, SQL Server.

COMPUTER SKILLS:
Technical Skillset
Testing Tools
LoadRunner, Performance Center, AppDynamics, Fog Light, Fiddler, Bugzilla
Operating Systems
MS DOS, Windows NT/XP/Vista, UNIX, Linux, Sun-Solaris, HP-UX
Working Knowledge of Programming Languages
C, C++, SQL, PL/SQL, HTML, XML, Java, JavaScript, VB Script, ASP, PERL, C #.Net, Shell Scripting.
Database
Oracle, MS SQL Server, IBM DB2, MS Access, My SQL
Web Servers
IBM Web Sphere, Web Logic, Apache Tomcat, IIS
Tools & Utilities
Office, Excel, PowerPoint, Project, Visio, Outlook, Lotus Notes, WIN SQL.

EXPERIENCE:
Performance Tester – Visual technologies May 2016 – Present
Responsible for Load Testing Co-ordination with various other projects involved in load testing Interaction with Onsite team to validate and clarify requirements for design/development work at offshore.
Execution of load/stress/endurance test and Analyze results from different tools like Performance Center, App Dynamics, Fog light, Perfmon, VMstat, Top, Netstat and provide issues identified to developer
Gathering server level stats, analyzing & providing bottle neck analysis to developers and make them understand what to fix.
Preparing the performance test strategy document and involved in project estimation & planning
Help developer pinpoint exact case of issue so that it can be fixed
Understand application issue with single user using Fiddler, HTTP watch
Analyzing the tool capabilities and prepare feasibility report for the tool
Maintain Performance center environment, upgrade and installation of patch

Requirement Analysis. – Understanding the requirements in right direction by applying the knowledge gained during previous releases
Help developer to identify the exact cause of issue so that it can be fixed, by using tools like Fiddler, HTTP watch
Providing support to the onsite team for resolving various implementation and deployment issues.
Onsite interaction through conference calls, mails and Net Meeting
Document software defects and report defects to software developers
Working closely with the developer for tuning of the application and configure different setting to improve the performance of the system
Maintain Performance center environment, upgrade and installation of patch
Analyzing the tool capabilities and prepare feasibility report for the tool
Mobile testing through Mobile center tool
Involved in automation testing using QTP tool
Reporting project status to PM and client

EDUCATION & CERTIFICATION
BS in Information Technology- NYIT
Contact this candidate