Resume

A. Magesh. Mob No : 984*******
Cbe–****47 E -Mail: adb5re@r.postjobfree.com

Objective:
To pursue a challenging and rewarding career in Software environment by contributing quality ideas and to work hard for an organization.

Summary

Experience in Manual Testing, Performance Testing(JMeter) and using Automation Tools for web Applications and Mobile Native Apps to validate & verify the product
Experience in Mobile Native apps(iOS and Android) and Mob applications by Testing Tools like Neoload, JMeter and Manual.
Our work culture in Agile\Sprint\Scrum\Retrospective\Spike methodology.
Following SDLC and STLC concepts while working on projects, products and Mobile Native Apps.
Testing has been handling by using Testing techniques and Test methodologies in Web Applications, Mobile Apps and Browsers, Client-Server Applications.
Testing will be done for applications in QA Environment and Staging Environment.
Analyzes and prepares Test Plan Document, Test Cases, Test Case Result and Defect Log Report.
Doing Self review and Peer Reviews for Test Cases and Prepares Release Notes.
Experience in handle to execute queries (Insert, Select, Update, Delete) in Sql Server 2008, 2010 and MySql DB.
Involved in Bug tracking and Reporting bugs to Developers and used bug tracking tools such as Bugzilla, Redmine, TFS and Zoho.
Knowing Selenium Basic and six months experience.

Professional Summary:

2+ years of experience as Senior Software QA Engineer/Performance Test Engineer and Software QA analyst for web applications and Mobile Native Apps using Automation Tools(JMeter and Selenium) at MST Since Aug 2018 – Jan 2020

3 years of experience as Performance Test Engineer and Software QA analyst for web applications and Mobile Native Apps using Automation Tools(JMeter, Neoload, Katalon, Selenium Basic) at Augusta Hi-Tech Solutions, Since Aug 2015 – Aug 2018

2.6 years of experience as Software Test Engineer(Manual and Performance) at TnQ Software, Since Oct 2012 – June 2015.

Skills Set:

Operating System : Windows 95/98/Xp/7/8.1/10, iOS Mac and Linux

Programming Languages : Asp.Net, C#

Automation Tool : JMeter, Neoload, Katalon, Selenium Basic

Web Languages : Html and Xml

Databases : Sql-Server 2000, 2005 and MySql

Others : Ms-Office, Libre and Openoffice

Educational Qualification:

Master Degree : M.Sc., Computer Science (Ist class)

University : Bharathiar University, Coimbatore.

UG Degree : B.Sc., Computer Science (Ist class)

College : Sri Ramakrishna Mission Vidyalaya College of Arts & Science

University : Bharathiar University, Coimbatore.

Project Details:

Title Magellan workflow

Platform .Net, SqlServer, SoapUI, Html, Css

Team Size 12

Description: Magellan system is designed to help companies obtain and review regulatory information in effort organize, manage and register medical devices with competent authorities across the globe. This application which connects Admin and Magellan users to Approve Medical Device and after that Customers can create project by themselves. Ultimately reducing complexity, accelerating commercial activities resulting in growth or sustained global commercial presence.

Project Details:

Title Configurable workflow

Platform Java, ExtJs, MySql, Jquery, Jmeter, Ruby

Team Size 14

Description:

The objective of this project to configure all individual workflows should come into one common workflow. Previously having several workflow pages for each customers, so difficult to maintain both web pages and Databases. To avoid and reduce that complexity configurable workflow was developed. Using this configurable workflow we can add, remove and modify the customers, Journals, Users, Jobflow, Process, etc.,

Project Details:

Title Profilo - Smart Engagement

Platform Angular JS, MySql, Objective C, Java

Team Size 8

Description:

Profilo - Smart Engagement is web application which is provide the relationship between client and customer. The objective of Web application to offers the Deals for their Mobile customers by engaging the products by client. Customers being within 3 Miles Radius, they will Get Brands and if they are being within 15 miles radius they will get offers for Deals automatically based on Geo Location. They can subscribe and unsubscribe the Company/Business and Add/Remove the Deals and Filter the categories.

Project Details:

Title CheckMate App

Platform Angular JS, MySql, Objective C, Java

Team Size 12

Description:

CheckMate is Social Media App which is developed for native iOS and Android app ‘Check Mate’ for CheckMate Health Care LLC, aimed at providing an easy to order testing platform for STD’s which can be tested anonymously via an at home test kit or at a national lab based patient service center. User can get tested ‘Checkmate Home’ by ordering a Test kit and delivered to home or ‘Checkmate Lab’. Mobile users to connects the people in online to date with them, once their Test Results will be Negative, users will have 'Gold Pass' badge and its highlight to their mates screens and users may communicate with their mates

Personal Details:

Father’s Name : R. Arumugam.

Date of Birth : 05-03-1985

Gender : Male.

Languages Known : Tamil and English.

Contact-No : 984**-*****

E-mail : adb5re@r.postjobfree.com

Yours faithfully,

A. Magesh.
Contact this candidate