Kanchan Srivastava
adbpq5@r.postjobfree.com +1-571-***-****
Sr Performance Test Engineer /Sr QA
* ***** ** *********** ******* and Software Quality Assurance (QA) experience working with Client/Server and Web applications, seeking for a Performance Test Engineer/QA position to utilize diversified skills in Performance Testing and Manual Testing.
Summary
●Solid understanding in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Software Test Life Cycle (STLC).
●Expertise in Quality Assurance and software testing activities.
●Experience in analysis of Software Requirement Specifications, Use Cases and development of Test Plans, Test Scripts and Test Cases.
●Possess excellent skills in Manual Testing along with skills in Automation Testing using HP Quality Center ALM, Load Runner and Performance Center 11.5 and 12.2.
●Extensive hands-on in LoadRunner protocols such as web(http/html), web services, web (click and script), Oracle (NCA), and Oracle Web Application 11i protocols.
●Performed Load Testing by generating Vusers using LoadRunner.
●Good knowledge of how HP Robot upgrade tool works.
●Experience in Relational Database Management System (RDBMS), and expertise in writing complex queries.
●Expertise in Black Box, Smoke, Functional, Positive, Negative, Integration, System, Regression, UAT, and Performance Testing.
●Experience in writing test plans, defining test cases, developing and maintaining test scripts and Documenting all phases of QA process.
●Expertise to identify, assesses, and report defects using various defects tracking system.
●Proficient in risk analysis, requirement documents, hardware/software specifications.
●Possess excellent interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills and strong analytical, problem solving, decision-making skills.
●Capability to adapt and learn new tools, techniques, and approaches
●Strong communicator and skillful in working closely with clients to identify and resolve issues.
●Excellent verbal and written communication skills and a good team player.
●Quick learner, with an ability to easily grasp and put into application new ideas, concepts, methods and technologies. Dedicated, innovative and self-motivated team player/builder
Technical Skills
Software Testing Tools
HP Load Runner 11.5 and 12.2, Quality Center, PC, Rational Test Suite, ALM QC, Jmeter Dynacetrace
Operating Systems
Windows, Windows NT, UNIX
Databases
Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server, MS Access
CM
Star Team, VSS, Quality Center ALM
App & Web Server Packages
Apache Tomcat 5.5, JBoss, IBM Websphere, IIS
Methodologies
Agile and Waterfall
Experience

EC Info Systems, NY Jun2017- Till Now
Sr. Performance Tester
As Performance Engineer, responsible for defining the performance test plan, analyzing the test scenarios, preparing test case documents, defining the performance environment requirements, specifying report templates and conducting the scripting, benchmarking and interpretation of results for Peoplesoft and HRWEB applications using Loadrunner and PC 12.2.
Responsibilities:
● Conduct system performance testing to ensure system reliability, capacity and scalability.
●Conduct smoke testing to show that the application performs as expected under normal conditions.
●Conduct stress testing to find out how the application perform under the worst condition, helping developers determine which component are more likely to fail first.
●Complete understanding on NFRD, BRD and TDD.
●Work with testing team to develop performance test plans and cases.
●Analyze test results and coordinate with development teams for bug fixes.
●Analyze root causes of performance issues and provide corrective actions.
●Designed scenarios for Performance Testing, generating scripts and handling Correlation as well as parameterization using Load runner VuGen, executed scenarios using Controller.
●Used web_reg_save_param functions to correlate the scripts manually.
●Attend the daily stand up meeting and provide high level update about work done in previous date and work that would be carried out in today’s date.
●Co-ordinates with other scrum team members to make sure there is no delay in requirement gathering to carry out project work.
●Taking part in user story grooming session to understand the requirement better and provide the story points from testing side.
Environment: HP Load Runner 12.50, HP Performance Center 12.50, HP ALM, Apache, HTTP server, IBM Web Sphere, Oracle, SQL Developer, RESTful APIs, HP, SiteScope, Windows.

UPS, NJ Jan 2015- May 2017
Sr. Performance Tester
Tested and provided expert advice and recommendations to tune the Maximo application to perform at its best and to meet the performance requirements of the client.
Used LoadRunner Web (http/html& Ajax), Web Services & Database protocols to test the application.
Responsibilities:
●Created defect tickets and assigned them to appropriate developers to resolve
●Developed automated test scripts using VuGen to define scenarios and procedures to test the performance of the application using JMeter.
●Validated and run test on JMeter
●Conducts performance testing of the application by running various JMeter scripts in order to determine the maximum number of users that can log into the application at a given time by using JMeter.
●Utilize JMeter to conduct stress testing of the application in order to determine the yield point of the application by subjecting it to heavy loads.
●Analyze JMeter test result involved in preparing test plan and test cases based on the analysis of the business requirements.
●Customize Parameterization in DATA file using JMeter CSV Data Set config element to test the application with different sets of data.
●Insert synchronizing timer to create intense load on the server and thereby to measure server performance.
●Use various techniques like Ramp up, Ramp down, Transaction Point in JMeter.
●Performs Smoke Testing, Functional Testing, System Integration testing, Regression testing, Database Testing, and Black Box testing at various phases of the development and test cycles.
●Analyze requirements, Use Cases, functional design and detail design documents.
●Responsible for developing Test plan based on Functional Specification and Technical Specification of the application.
●Develops and execute test cases and verify actual results with expected results
●Work as a team member in requirements mapping and preparing a Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM).
●Involved in developing the test cases, test data and test scripts.
●Planned, designed, developed and executed Test Cases with Quality Center.
●Used Quality Center for requirements management, planning, scheduling, running tests, defect tracking and manage the defects and executing the test cases.
●Worked closely with developers, Business Analyst, Architects and Project Manager to understand Portal Project.
●Performs reviews of Audit checklists prepared by SQA to fit in the testing environment.
●Prepared standard checklists and templates required for CMMI compliance QA processes for project.
●Involved in the team meetings with representatives from Development, Database Management, Configuration Management, and Requirements Management to identify and correct defects.

Virtusa Oct 2013- Dec 2014
QA Tester
Responsibilities:
●Independently develop LoadRunner test scripts according to test specifications/requirements.
●Developed baseline scenarios, scripts and measurements.
●Used Load Runner to execute multi-user performance tests, used online monitors, real-time output messages and of the features of the Load Runner Controller
●Involved in analyzing the Business Requirements Documents and Functional Design Documents.
●Developed Test Plan, Test cases and Test Scripts.
●Involved in writing and implementation of Test cases for various modules using Rational suite
●Involved in Functional, Regression, Integration, System Testing and User Acceptance testing.
●Manual testing for checking the flow of the application Functionality, Positive and Negative testing
●Developed complex SQL queries to perform back-end testing in MS SQL Server RDBMS
●Interacted with developers and other QA Engineers to address quality problems.
●Tracked and Reported software defects and interacted with developers to resolve technical issues.
●Experience with Defect Reporting, Tracking and Resolution capabilities.
●Reviewed and analyzed user requirements, participated in Verification, Validation and acceptance testing for developed software.
●Performed Defect Reporting and Tracking using Test Director
Contact this candidate