POOJA A. SINGH
Contact No: +919********* Email-ID: adewgq@r.postjobfree.com

Career Objective: -

To pursue a long-term career with an organization where my education, knowledge and skill can be effectively leveraged and to get exposure on work and scope for learning and dimensions to expand.
Academic Qualification: -

EXAMINATION
INSTITUTION
YEAR OF PASSING
% OF MARKS

B.E.(Computers)
Padmabhushan Vasantdada Patil Pratishtans College of Engineering

2017

7.20(C.G.P.A)
HIGHER SECONDARY
(H.S.C)

Ramniranjan Jhunjhunwala College

2013

54%
SECONDARY
(S.S.C)
St. John High School
2011
70%

Exposure to Technology: -

Performance test tools:- Load runner, JMeter, Silk Performer.
Operating System:- Windows, Linux.
Monitoring tools:- AppDynamics.
Programming Languages:- Java, VB Script, PowerShell, Bash Script.
RPA Tools:- UiPath, Selenium.
Database:- Oracle.

Work experience: -
Project name:- ICICI Bank

Daily checks of process performance, all scheduled scripts result.
Automated critical activities such as remediation, regular maintenance and configuration across Operating Systems and Networking Devices using VBScript and PowerShell.
Developed automation Scripts to achieve human free Operations.
Prepared Scripts for Generation of Daily Reports for Business Requirement.
Developed Monitoring and alerting Scripts for Business Requirement.
Prepared automation scripts, which send the reconciliation reports to the respective Teams.
Checking the performance of the application using different performance tools like Jmeter, LoadRunner and Silk Performer either by increasing number of users or transactions.
Recording test activity, running the test plan and saving the test plan.
Execute, monitor, analyse, and report performance tests.
Working on APM tool (Appdynamics) for monitoring the application of ICICI bank.
Developed and executed performance test scripts for load and stress test of UI, Mobile and Webservices testing using silk performer.

Project Exposure: - B.E. Final (6th) Semester Project: -

Project Title
Shop & Go ( Online Payment via smartphone)
Duration
12 months
Platform
MySQL, phpMyAdmin, Web Browser
Objective
To facilitate customers shopping in supermarkets by providing them a service of payment of the products purchased in their cart through their smartphones.
To provide benefit of self-checkout service to retailer to reduce labour cost.
Reduce wait time of customers.

Achievements:

Participated in a competition CodeZilla in annual festival Fusion 2017 in college.
Actively took part in organizing college fest Tantra as Co-head.
Won gold medal in karate championship at state level.

Extra Co-Curricular Activities :-

Participated in various inter school sports, dance, karate.
Actively participated in various cultural programs held in school.

Personal Details:

DATE OF BIRTH: 1st of November 1995.
ADDRESS: 9/901, Highland Park, Balkum Dhokali Road, Thane(West), Mumbai.
HOBBIES: Dancing.
LANGUAGES KNOWN: English, Hindi, Marathi.

Declaration:-

I hereby declare that all the information stated above is true to best of my knowledge.
Contact this candidate