PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

Over ** years of QA testing (Performance & Automation) experience in various domains.
Certified ISTQB - ISEB tester foundation level and SCRUM Master.
Experience in automation tools like JMeter, Load Runner, OpenSTA, Selenium, Jenkins, SOAPUI, Appium, Postman and ReadyAPI.
Expertise in RTM, Test data setup and application monitoring & profiling on various tiers, capture & analyse various metrics such as database queries, response time, network latency, CPU & memory utilization and find out any functional and performance bottleneck and provide solutions and written complex queries and executed in Oracle and Cassandra DB. Designed and implemented different automation framework like BDD and Hybrid.
Expertise in Selenium Web Driver,Angular JS,Node.js, Protractor, Java,C#,AWS,SQL, Casandra, Appium CI/CD implementation, Microservices Architecture, Spring Boot Framework, Appium, SOAP UI, Postman, Browser Stack, Restful Web Services Testing, TestNG, Jenkins, Java Script, Maven Cucumber-BDD Framework, Kafka Messaging system, Casandra and Cosmos DB.
Expertise in testing SOAP UI, REST API web services testing process.
Good experience in setting up & managing ALM/QC/JIRA/Clear Quest for the project.
Good experience in testing SWIFT (HP TANDEM) Messages by Test Frame, HP TANDEM PATHWAYS,COBOL, SCOBOL, ENSCRIBE, SAG, BASE24, WIN-6530,SQLCI, Viewpt and Utility(ENFORM,SQLCI,FUP, PUP, SCUP, SPOOLCOM, JCL, PERUSE, SCF, TAL, TACL).
Extensive experience in ETL/ Data warehouse backend testing and Data Analysis, Data Validation, Data Cleaning, Data Migration, Data Verification and identifying data mismatch.

QUALIFICATIONS:

Master of Computer Applications from Sri Krishna Devaraya University, India.

CERTIFICATIONS:
Certified ISTQB - ISEB tester foundation level and SCRUM Master.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Operating System : Windows XP/NT/2000/2003/7/10, UNIX (Solaris), Linux
Languages : Java, C#, C, C++, SQL, PL/SQL, XML, PHP, Ruby, Python
Development Tools : VB 6.0, HTML, JavaScript, VBScript, MS Team Foundation Server
RDBMS/DBMS : Oracle 7x/8i/11, DB2, MS SQL 7/2012, Cassandra, Cosmos
Tools : QTP12, ALM12, Jenkins, Git, XML Spy, TestNG, LR 11, SOAP UI, REST,
Selenium 2.5.3, JUnit, NUnit, AWS, Vagrant, Maven, Ant, JIRA, Clear Quest
Monitoring Tools : Kubernetes, Grafana, Kibana, Ambari, Datastax

AWARDS / RECOGNITION:
LORE (Logica Recognition) team member award for Thomsonfly Project.
Star of the month award for BESS Product.
Recognition award for Individual Excellent Performance from Global Financial Products Division for VOLVO product.
Professional Experience:
Global Logic, San Jose, CA, USA Sep’2017 – Till date

Client/Project: Walgreens, Deerfield, IL/ WBA (Walgreens Boots Alliances)
Project duration: Sep 2017 – Till date
Role: Lead Performance Engineer
Environment: Java, J2EE, UNIX, Oracle, WINSCP, Kubernetes v1.8.3, Dynatrace v1.172, JMeter 4, Kibana, Ambari, Datastax 6.0.4, Grafana, Kafka, Cassandra DB, Talend v1.6.4, Docker, Postman 7.2.2, Appium, Bitbucket, Confluence v6.13.4, Selenium, GIT, Jenkins, Tomcat Apache Server, SOAP, REST, JIRA v7.8.2, Selenium, Cucumber, Gherkin, TestNG, MS Azure, JSON, Power BI, Cosmos DB, Application Insights, Storage Explorer, Data Analytics, Data Factories.

Project Description:
WBA Phase 3 - Deliver a patient centric end to end prescription processing platform that ensures patient safety, a great team member and customer experience while adhering to all regulatory and cost-to-fill constrains.

Responsibilities:
Work closely with application developers, solution architects, business analysts, infrastructure support group and application support group to understand system architecture and its technical implementation in order to derive functional and non-functional requirements, prepare test strategy and evaluate the application’s functionality, performance & scalability
Identify critical business scenarios which are acceptable for all stakeholders and prepare test scripts and perform various executions like Functional, System, Load, Stress, Business Acceptance Testing and Pre-Production Acceptance Testing to determine the scalability & reliability of application.
Derive a work load model & Inherit and study usage statistics of application and go through capacity planning for test environment for various components to simulate like a production environment.
Prepare RTM, Test data setup and application monitoring & profiling on various tiers, capture & analyze various metrics such as database queries, response time, network latency, CPU & memory utilization and find out any functional and performance bottleneck and provide solutions and written complex queries and executed in Oracle and Cassandra DB.
Designed and implemented different automation framework like BDD and Hybrid.
Conducted performance test scripts code review and improved performance.

GSR Technologies, Irvine, CA, USA May’2016 – Sep’2017

Client/Project: ViaSat/SDP API (Service Delivery Platform API)
Project duration: Jan 2017 – Sep 2017
Role: Lead Performance Engineer
Environment: Java, J2EE, JMeter 3, Dynatrace, UNIX, Oracle, WINSCP, VPN, ReadyAPI, GIT, Jenkins, Tomcat Apache Server, Workfront, SOAP, REST, Groovy, Confluence, Wiki, JIRA.

Project Description:
Phase 3 the Exede Provisioning/Activation Façades will utilize the SDP API to carry out provisioning functions and a direct connection from the Exede Provisioning/Activation Facades to Volubill will be eliminated. Additionally, a new data store will be required that will store data that isn’t strictly provisioning specific that previously was stored in Volubill.
Phase 3a involves utilizing a new data store instead of Volubill for non-provisioning data and phase 3b involves removing all calls to Volubill and replacing them with calls to the SDP API.

Responsibilities:
Requirement Analysis and daily project meetings with SCRUM Master, Project Manager, Developers and Testers. Prepare RTM, Test data setup and application monitoring & profiling on various tiers, capture & analyze various metrics such as database queries, response time, network latency, CPU & memory utilization and find out any functional and performance bottleneck.
Responsible for estimating required resource and components for SOA testing.
Created Test cases & Test scripts by Agile/Scrum Methodology.
SOAP UI, REST APIs allow sophisticated, effective and low cost application integration.
Created and executed both load and functional tests for web services by Groovy script.
Wrote complex queries in Oracle and written test scripts and automated test scripts by ReadyAPI and performed Functional, System and Regression testing.
RTM Preparation, Process and training documentation on portal and executing test cases.

Client/Project: Linq3/MultiBoarding (PowerBall, SuperLotto, NC5, MegaMillions)
Project duration: May 2016 – Dec 2016
Role: Lead Performance Engineer
Environment: Java, J2EE, JMeter 3, Unix, MySQL, WINCPS, VPN, MacOS, TANDEM, REST API, GIT, Maven, Jenkins, Python, Ruby, Tomcat Apache Server, VersionOne, Confluence, Box, Wiki, Mantis.

Project Description:
Today’s busy consumers often feel they don’t have time to buy lottery tickets that’s why Linq3 provides a faster, more convenient and secure way to play PowerBall, SuperLotto, NC5, MegaMillions for Jurisdictions CA, NY, NM, MO, PA, NC and win on the go. Linq3 innovative technology creates an immediate playing experience that engages the consumer right at the point of sale. Lotteries reach more players, and retailers realize more revenue.

Responsibilities:
Creating Test case & Test scripts by Agile/Scrum Methodology for all games like PowerBall, SuperLotto, NC5, MegaMillions for Jurisdictions CA, PA, NM, NC, NY, MO.
Working with Development teams to complete and implement the assigned Prochanges on weekly basis using agile methodology
As technical performance lead in I shall be responsible for analyzing the quality requirements and ensuring the requirements are updated with proper information.
Design and Implementation of automation framework (BPT) using (Performance Consulting, Performance test management, Performance test execution and started new service in Performance engineering) the different LOB’s which supports top FedEx applications.
Validated scripts to ensure they have been executed correctly and meet the scenario description.
Defining the new process for performance testing in Agile methodology.
Creating Workload model based on scaled down volumes of production in terms of transactions/page views and infrastructure and Create E2E Performance Test Plan.
Creation of test labs for the different release cycles as well as dry run in performance Center.
Written System, Regression, UAT cases for all type of games and perform thorough end-to-end testing (Gilbarco, Murphy, Verifone) for all Credit/Debit/Discover cards.
Prepared and executed batch test suite through Maven, Jenkins and defect tracking by Mantis.
Wrote complex queries in MySQL. Hands on ATM testing experience.
Sound Knowledge and experience in Metadata and Star schema/Snowflake schema. Analysed Source Systems, Staging area, Fact and Dimension tables in Target D/W.

CGI, Bangalore, India Dec’2004 – Mar’2016

Client/Project: US Government, Wilmington, MA / Obamacare (Health Insurance Exchange)
Project duration: June 2014 – Mar 2016
Role: Lead Performance Engineer/Associate Manager
Environment: Java, J2EE, JMeter 3, LR 12.5, Performance Centre, Unix, JavaScript, Oracle 11, WINCPS, VPN, Batch Scheduler, Informatica Power Centre 8, Cognos 8, TOAD 12, Gherkin, Cucumber, Teradata R12,Windows 7, Job Scheduler (JS), Selenium 2.53, Junit 1.4, Maven 3.3.9, SOAP UI, REST API, AWS, Python 2.7, Jenkins, Apache Server, TestNG, JIRA, ALMv11.

Project Description:
Health insurance exchange is a set of government-regulated and standardized health care plans in the United States, from which individuals may purchase health insurance eligible for federal subsidies. All exchanges must be fully certified and operational by under federal law.

Responsibilities:
Requirement Analysis and daily project meetings with Test manager, project Manager, developers. Prepare RTM, Test data setup and application monitoring & profiling on various tiers, capture & analyze various metrics such as database queries, response time, network latency, CPU & memory utilization and find out any functional and performance bottleneck
Design and Implementation of automation framework (BPT) using (Performance Consulting, Performance test management, Performance test execution and started new service in Performance engineering) the different LOB’s which supports top Humana applications.
Identified key performance issues in Humana and suggested the best practices to fix the gaps.
Evaluating different protocols (web(http/html, web service and Ajax(Click &Script)) and performance monitoring tools(Site Scope and Dynatrace) for the new technologies in Humana.
Validated scripts to ensure they have been executed correctly and meet the scenario description.
Defining the new process for performance testing in Agile methodology.
Creating Workload model based on scaled down volumes of production in terms of transactions/page views and infrastructure and Create E2E Performance Test Plan.
Creation of test labs for the different release cycles as well as dry run in performance Center.
Recommended some of the key design changes at the Architect level for the supported projects.
Responsible to monitor the web, application, data base server’s performance during and after the performance test execution
Analyze the CPU, Memory stats on Web servers, Application servers and DB servers using Site scope. Monitor the Garbage collections, JDBC connections and Timeouts during the Test Execution.
Good experience with Obamacare Policy invoicing, payments and billing processes.
Written complex test cases for Obamacare Policy generation like Mass Health, QHP, QHP with APTC, Medicaid, Childcare, Invoicing, Underwriting area.
Prepared and executed batch test suite through TestNG via Ant, Maven, Jenkins.
Designed and implemented different automation frameworks like Page Objects framework, Keyword Driven framework, Data Driven framework and Hybrid framework.
Extensively automated regression and functional test suites by developing over 465 test cases, 27 test suites using Selenium WebDriver, Java, Junit using OOP, OOD.

Client/Project: Volvo, Sweden / KOLA
Project duration: May 2013 – Apr 2014
Environment: Java, LR 12.5, Performance Centre, Unix, SQL, Windows 7, Oracle 11, Team Foundation Server, Visual Studio 2013, Selenium, SOAP UI, TestNG, Gherkin, Cucumber, Git.

Project Description:
KOLA has been developed with respect to the guidelines and rules within Volvo, according to Microsoft's Interface Guidelines for Software design. The intention has been to create a user interface and a dialog commonly known to most people without making a unique KOLA user interface. KOLA is a Frame-based Java web application, which can be executed from the KOLA home page on the Intranet.

Responsibilities:
Requirement Analysis and regular project meetings with Managers, QA testers and developers.
Test cases, Test Data preparation, reviews & execution of Test scripts. Creating Test case & Test scripts by Kanban Methodology and Lean Software Development.
Started as Performance test executor in the team and now driving the 10+ resource team with different services (Performance Consulting, Performance test management, Performance test execution and started new service in Performance engineering) for the different LOB’s which supports top 100 Amex projects.
Identified key performance issues in Amex and suggested the best practices to fix the gaps.
Identified challenges taken to the Amex Vise President, Portfolio Architect’s, Architects with the current work around and suggested to fix at the Architect level.
Evaluating different protocols and performance tools for the new technologies in Amex
Defining the new process for performance testing in Agile methodology
Recommended some of the key design changes at the Architect level for the supported projects.
Anticipated some of the production issues, however project team went with known issues and been reproduced in production.
Worked with production support team, Architects, Capacity planning teams, DBA’s to understand the key performance issues in test and production.
Participated in Dynatrace POC and implemented Dynatrace tool in Amex.
Designing and enhancing the performance scripts in Load Runner.

Client/Project: CGI, Boston, MA / Bank Electronic Support System (BESS)
Project duration: July 2008 – Apr 2013
Environment: TANDEM, SWIFT, Nonstop SQL, TMF, SPOOLER, C#, Utility (FUP, SCF, Peruse, TACL, ENFORM), ENSCRIBE, CBESS, Cygwin, XML, DB-Access, SQL Server 2005, IBM MQ, SOAP, Load Runner 11.0, Test Frame and QC 9.2, QTP/UFT 9.2.

Project Description:
The Bank Electronic Support System (BESS) is an integrated software system which automates your bank's wireroom and payments applications processing. BESS eliminates manual processing of incoming and outgoing messages, handling transactions accurately, securely, dependably, and conveniently. The BESS Wireroom and Payment product permits terminal users to transmit, process, and receive message traffic to and from wire services. BESS is divided into Major Functions that each have a group of associated sub functions.

Responsibilities:
Performed system, regression tests using Test Frame for Wired, MTS, GFT. SWIFT WIREROOM and Payments Message Type Services (1- 9 series) like MT101, MT103, MT202, MT202 COV, MT205, MT 205 COV, WIREROOM Free Format MT645, MT799.
Maintaining BESS Pathways, SWIFT Alliance Gateway (SAG) connection UP/DOWN and support Transaction Monitoring Facility (TMF), ENFORM, and Record Management Services and reported defects by QC & SOAP and MQ integration with Swift Alliance access.
Performed system testing and UAT for database migration (ENSCRIBE database to NONSTOP SQL).
Designed and executed exceptional modularized re-usable automated scripts using - Quick Test Professional (QTP/UFT), VBScript, VBA for testing client/server, web-based n-tier applications. Worked on Payment Systems, Clearing houses, Fedwire and banking processes.
Handled SWIFT yearly releases and maintenance releases for SMS - Secure Messages Switch (Product of SI) and SAA projects from testing space.
Creating the standard library for functions and sub-procedures.
Working knowledge on HP Nonstop and Base 24 for ATM monitoring system.

Client/Project: L&G, Hove, UK / Legal & General / Future Product Framework (FPF)
Project duration: Feb 2006 – May 2008 (Onsite)
Environment: C, C#, Java, Oracle, LR, DB2, JCL and Quality Centre 8.2.

Project Description:
The Future Product Framework (FPF) Application has been developed for Legal & General Insurance Company. A substantial number of Pensions and Bonds are administered by the FPF contract administration application. FPF deals with Pensions and Investments and generates the policy quotes and maintain the policy quotes and process the claims and payments for users. Data will be transferred from FPF and stores mainframe database tables and retrieve the data.
Responsibilities:
Analyzed project requirements and developed strategy and production-like environment spec.
Prepared test plan, time and resource estimates and schedule.
Based on walk-troughs, modeled the actual performance usage of the system once deployed.
Executed tests to establish base line results.
Wrote load test scripts including parameterized test data and correlation to execute the usage model with Load Runner 9.5.
Maintained test schedule for running the performance tests unattended.
Analyzed the results with respect to the various Performance Measures mentioned by Business Analyst.
Used Load Runner Analyzer tool to interpret test results.
Prepared reports for Business Analysts and Developers using Microsoft Word

Client/Project: Thomsonfly, UK / PSU Sales System Data Warehouse
Project duration: Dec 2004 – Jan 2006 (Onsite)
Environment: Java, J2EE, WR6.0, Cognos Web Reporting Tool, JSP and Oracle 8.0.

Project Description:
A new system BLISS has been developed to deliver a customer-facing web based sales system, for passengers requiring additional goods and services after the booking of their flights. IOS was the software system used by Thomsonfly for the planning, scheduling, operation and crewing of flights and it consists of two Oracle databases containing information relating to planning and scheduling in one case, and operations and crewing in the other case.

Responsibilities:
Analysed system requirements and wrote test cases for testing the application and raised defects in QC and involved in ETL process testing using Informatica ETL tool.
Prepared complex SQL queries and executed.
Tested the ETL Informatica mappings and other ETL Processes (Data Warehouse Testing)
Involved in the End-To-End test using Cognos tool and responsible for the Quality Assurance.
Contact this candidate