RENJITH RADHAKRISHNAN NAIR
FINTECH Open Banking Senior Performance Engineer
+1-682-***-****
adlltn@r.postjobfree.com
AWS Certified Solution Architect
SUMMARY
15+ years of strong IT experience with focus on the area of end to end performance testing and engineering. Highly proficient in gathering non-functional requirements, designing, architecting, implementing and testing of complex enterprise applications with consistent track record of superior performance and passion to explore cutting edge technology. 15+ years of IT Experience in Application Development and Performance Testing and Engineering.
Experienced in Design, Development, Testing, Analysis and Leadership. Having strong Interpersonal Skills, Analytical Skills, and Team Management Skills with ability to work effectively with management.
Rich working experience on Global Delivery Model.
Strong technical and analytical background, excellent analytical ability, problem solving, decision making, good communication skills, team player and goal oriented, with a commitment towards excellence.
Expertise in using performance testing tools such as HP Performance center, LoadRunner, JMeter, and DevTest, and extensive hands on experience in designing work load model Extensive understanding and hands on experience in developing complex performance test scripts using LoadRunner protocols including Web – HTTP/HTML, Websocket. Expertise in monitoring applications on various platforms using AppDynamics and Splunk. Proficient in analyzing the CPU intensive flows, memory leaks, response time breakdown, and report the findings to drive it towards fixing them. Highly proficient in defining and standardizing the processes for performance testing and monitoring.
Expert in documenting performance test procedures, test plan and design, strategies and other documents.
Extensively worked in both Agile – Scrum and Waterfall model. Expertise in identifying opportunities for service virtualization and helping organizations save costs on infrastructure.
Experience in training new hires and offshore team members on niche skills of performance testing, strategies, processes, standards and methodologies. Led multiple performance testing projects as onsite, nearshore and offshore performance testing lead.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Performance Center (12.57), LoadRunner (12.57), JMeter 5.1, DevTest 10.5.2 AppDynamics, Splunk
Perfecto
Pivotal Cloud Foundry
Gemfire Pulse
JIRA, RTC, Quality Center
Fiddler, HttpWatch
SOAP UI, Postman
JProfiler, YourKit
C, C++, Core Java, HTML, JavaScript
MS SQL, Oracle
SQL Developer, PL/SQL Developer, TOAD
Mongo DB
TFS
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology, Government College of Engineering, Trivandrum, Kerala University, India May 2004
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
TATA Consultancy Services Ltd July 2005 – Till Date PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Performance Test Lead
CITI Fintech Open Banking, Singapore and Irving, Texas May 2016 – Till Date Work with Business/Product Owner, Architects, Technical Project Manager and Dev stakeholders to design and implement continuous performance improvement testing milestones. Provide Performance Testing Strategy for Agile API testing to Business/Product Owners, Architects, Technical project manager and Development stakeholders. Automation of small scale performance health checks on a daily basis which provides an insight of the Application/API performance so that development teams can parallel focus on performance improvement instead of last minute firefighting.
End to end Application profiling/tracing to find the bottlenecks in the Server side. Production Data analysis captured via App-Dynamics/Splunk to put together insights for application performance and capacity planning.
Work with Architect to come up with Non Functional Requirements and Capacity planning. Strategy formulation for Disaster Recovery testing. Provide Performance Certification Report with recommendations on a monthly basis to all the stakeholders.
Monitoring Gemfire through Gemfire Pulse and App-Dynamics dashboard. Transaction analysis is conducted through Splunk and App-Dynamics. Logging and tracking defects through JIRA.
Performance Test Lead
CITI Mobile Lite, Singapore June 2015 – April 2016 Creating load test plan and strategy document and reviewing it with key stakeholders, so they understand the scope of load testing.
Mobile profiling using Perfecto Cloud device.
Profiling activities conducted on APIs using JProfiler. Automation of small scale performance health checks.
Performance evaluation of IBM DataPower (APIM).
Provide detailed Performance Certification Report to all the stakeholders. Logging and tracking defects through Rational Team Concert (RTC). User story updates are performed in RTC.
Performance Test Lead
Lloyds Banking Group, Chennai, India Jan 2014 – April 2015 Co-ordination with project leads and other respective stakeholders. Review of Performance Test Plan, Test metrics, Test scenario design. Review of Capacity Planning and Workload Analysis. Analyzing performance test results and identifying bottlenecks. Provide detailed Performance Certification Report to all stakeholders. Logging and tracking defects through HP ALM.
Reporting Daily/Weekly status to respective leads and management. Monitoring and tracking the project status.
Attended project sign-off meetings and responsible for providing performance test sign-offs Developer/Production Support/Team Lead/Project Lead Deluxe Corporation, Minneapolis, USA and Chennai, India September 2005 – Nov 2013 Requirement Gathering.
Software Design Phase.
Prepare High Level Document and Low Level Document using Sparx. Review High Level Document and Low Level Document with all stakeholders and get approved. Co-ordination activities between Onsite and Offshore. Monitoring and tracking the project status.
Reporting Daily/Weekly status to respective leads and management. Preparing and making sure that auditing documents are in place. Conducting reviews of the software artifacts.
Preparing the Requirement Traceability Matrix.
ROLES PLAYED
2005-2006 [Chennai, India]: Project Support and Developer. 2006-2007 [Chennai, India]: Developer.
2007-2009 [Minneapolis, USA]: Development and Support. 2010-2011 [Chennai, India]: Team Lead.
2011-2013 [Minneapolis, USA]: Team Lead.
2014-2015 [Chennai, India]: Project Lead.
2015-2016 [Singapore]: Performance Test Lead.
2016-Till Date [Singapore and Irving, USA]: Fintech Open Banking Performance Test Lead. CERTIFICATIONS AND ACHIEVEMENTS
AWS Certified Solution Architect.
Splunk Certified User.
App Dynamics in Action for Developers.
TCS RockStar award, Oct 2019, given by the CITI client Director for collaborating well with the development teams to make the right decision and has worked with developers to resolve the Fintech issues and continues to work well with the team to complete performance testing on time. Appreciation from the CITI client Development team for testing out the ChatBot and thereby helped in smooth launch.
Appreciation from CITI client management on stepping up of my efforts to support and extend my help during the production crisis period.
REFERENCES
Available upon request
Contact this candidate