MUZAFFAR HUSSAIN
Performance Engineer with * years of progressive experience in software testing
CONTACT
admzmr@r.postjobfree.com
# 845-***-****
DEKALB, IL
LINKEDIN
EDUCATION
May 2021
NORTHERN ILLINOIS UNIVERSITY [DEKALB, IL]
Master’s in Management Information Systems
June 2014
JNTU UNIVERSITY [INDIA]
Bachelor’s in information technology
SKILLS
Requirement Analysis
Test Strategy & Plan
Root Cause Analysis
Functional and Non-Functional Testing
Process Enhancing
Agile/Scrum Practitioner
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Programing Languages: Java, Python
Performance Tools: JMeter, LoadRunner
Monitoring Tools: Datadog, Splunk,
AppDynamics, J VisualVM, JProfiler,
Grafana
Automation Tools: Selenium Web driver,
TestNG, REST-Assured, Postman,
Cucumber, Jenkins
Databases: MS SQL, Postgres, Oracle
Operating Systems: Windows, Linux, OSX
Other Tools: Tableau, Power BI, Jupyter
Notebooks, Eclipse, Docker, JIRA,
Salesforce, HTTP fox, Fiddler,
WebPageTest, GIT, Maven
ACHIEVEMENTS
Awarded OM&IS Esteemed
International Student Scholarship for
the Fall 2019
Award of ‘Best Performer’ during first
quarter 2015-2016, Prolifics Inc.
Award of ‘Best Team Player’ during first
quarter 2017-2018, Prolifics Inc.
SUMMARY
Expertise in:
Analyzing key business processes, workflows and identify key areas concerning application functionality and behavior.
Performance workload design, development, and execution of Performance Test Plan to validate standards of application like Load, Endurance and Scalability.
Troubleshooting performance issues, analyze bottlenecks and make recommendations to improve performance of applications.
Performance test result analysis and creation of test artifacts like test execution reports, defect/issues report and action/item reports Acquaintance in:
Performance testing of applications in cloud infrastructure
Front-end web performance analysis, Java thread and heap dump analysis, database tuning and Java code profiling, Application capacity planning.
Automation Testing using Selenium Web driver in Java, API Testing using Rest assured and preparation and maintenance of Automation artifacts. WORK EXPERIENCE
September 2020 - December 2020
Information Systems Intern Innovation DuPage, IL, USA.
Integration of Stripe and Salesforce application for subscription management of Innovation DuPage, using Python and respective application APIs.
Built a data transfer module to create or update salesforce opportunities with respect to Stripe subscriptions and to update the customer details in Stripe from salesforce account information.
Creation of CI environment using Jenkins for regular updates of customers and relevant opportunities through CI runs.
May 2018 - July 2019
Solution Engineer – Test Pega Systems Inc, India.
As a member of COE performance team for Pega healthcare and sales distribution applications I was responsible for non-functional testing of the application.
Created scripts, designed realistic test scenarios, and conducted various load tests
(Load, Scalability, Endurance, and stress tests) using JMeter.
Responsible for maintenance of performance testing environment (Apache tomcat, Postgres/MySQL database, Linux servers).
Monitoring and diagnosing Performance problems using J VisualVM, Datadog, Grafana and identifying the performance bottlenecks of Pega platform and applications.
Analyzing data gathered from performance test runs and provide sound recommendations for performance improvements
Continuous collaboration with Development and QA teams to have the performance issues resolved.
November 2014 - April 2018
Performance Test Engineer Prolifics Inc, India.
As a member of QA team, I was responsible for testing performance of applications like VMWare, PG&E and McKesson
Created performance scripts, designed realistic test scenarios, and conducted various load tests (Load, Scalability, Endurance, and stress tests) using LoadRunner/JMeter.
Monitoring and diagnosing performance issues using Dynatrace, LR Analysis and finding performance bottlenecks during the performance test executions.
Responsible for maintenance of repository for scripts, scenarios, test data, documentation, results, detailed analysis, and reports.
Involved in development of Web Automation framework using Selenium and Cucumber
Involved in development of web services automation framework using REST-Assured
(REST Automation library)
Contact this candidate