Bhaskar Maruthi
Mobile – 203-***-**** Email – adnetz@r.postjobfree.com

Experience Overview
Result-driven performance engineer with around 11 years of experience in performance engineering / testing of several enterprise applications. Seasoned to handle end-to-end performance engagements in banking and financial domains. Provided performance risk assessments to application teams using key performance attributes during load, scalability, availability, reliability and capacity evaluations

Experience Summary
Worked on various performance monitoring tools and analytics tool – Dynatrace, AppDynamics, Wily Introscope, PerfMon
oWorking knowledge of JVM Garbage Collection and tuning, analyzing AWR reports and thread dump analysis
oHave experience in using client side performance analysis tools – WebPageTest, GoogleChrome Developer tool, Fiddler, Charles Proxy.
Managed testing teams in offshore/onshore model and also mentored teams, providing guidance to address and resolve technical challenges, peer reviewing to improve deliverable quality and sharing technical knowledge helping team to hone their testing / engineering skills.
Perform capacity planning on the existing/new systems and estimate hardware requirements to support business requirements. Design Work Load Models for performance testing and involved in NFR validation and revision on timely basis.
Develop, Maintain and support Continuous Integration framework based on Jenkins pipeline
oBuilt CICD load testing solution using Jenkins, Github, JMeter/BlazeMeter and InfluxDB+Grafana for reporting capabilities. Utilized Jenkins plugin to provide an automated solution for performance test reporting.
oSupported Jenkins pipeline automated load testing solution using JMeter
oWorked on automated solution for Web Page frontend testing using WebPageTest and Jenkins to capture page performance (waterfall view) metrics, along with page performance score and areas of improvement with recommendations.
Involved in process improvement, Proof of Concepts for on-boarding new tools, optimizing testing process to save project cost and exploring new capabilities of existing tools, best practices been followed across industry that can be adapted to benefit the organization.
Have experience in performance assessment of applications hosted on cloud (PCF, AWS), mobile native app and micro-services
Worked with project teams to troubleshoot and identify performance issues across all technology layers, also provide recommendations to resolve/tune the same.
Have hands on experience on various performance testing tools – JMeter, BlazeMeter, Microfocus StormRunner, Taurus, LoadRunner and GreenHat Tester and Perfecto (Mobile Automation Tool) performance tools. Have worked on Performance Center and Quality Center
Worked with the stakeholders, application team to understand and gather non-functional requirements (Key scenarios of performance testing), articulate performance test strategy, defining KPI’s and designing work-load models by analyzing production traffic
Always challenge current situation and propose innovative ideas to continuously improve Ways of Working.
oEstablished solution to capture end user response times (including browser rendering time) using JMeter with selenium web driver plugin.
oIn addition to above, working on a solution to capture load times of web page, breakdown by each component called to build that specific page.
Ability to learn new technologies and challenging concepts quickly and implement them with minimal guidance. Good Team player and contributes proactively towards the team goal.
Strong interpersonal and communications skills and the ability to multitask. Excellent analytical, problem solving, decision making and presentation skills with ability to co-ordinate activities in a fast-paced team environment.
Professional Experience
JP Morgan Chase & Co (Apr 2010 – Till Date)
Role: Performance Engineering Manager
Project: Access Online
J.P. Morgan is a leader in financial services, offering innovative and intelligent solutions to clients in more than 60 countries. J.P. Morgan ACCESS provides treasury and investment professionals across the globe with a secure gateway to a wide range of financial transactions and account information, including trust, custody, and trade and cash management.
The overall goal of J.P. Morgan ACCESS Next Generation is to replace the current portal used by large corporate/FI/NBFI clients for accessing JPMorgan Treasury Services. The current ACCESS portal has an inconsistent user interface with segregated functions and no notifications. With J.P. Morgan ACCESS Next Generation, the new portal will provide a better client experience with improved usability, rich workflow and notification capabilities, and an overall integrated cash management suite of capabilities.

Gathered and Analyzed Business requirements and procedures.
Expertise in Test Planning, Test Cases Design, Test Environment Setup, Test Data Setup, Defect Management, Configuration Management
Extensive experience in using LoadRunner in Web and Web services
Extensive experience in using Jmeter in Web and Web services
Ability to successfully manage multiple deadlines and multiple projects effectively through a combination of business and technical skills
Established Load Testing Standards including platform requirements of CPU, Memory, and Disk Space on Loadrunner Controller, Loadrunner Generators, Loadrunner File Storage
Established Testing Standards for all Projects consisting of LOADRUNNER Directory Structure of LR Scenarios, LR Scripts, and LR Results, as well as Loadrunner licensing, Loadrunner Controller and Monitor machine selection and installation, and provided guidance to the System Admin and Performance staff.
Responsible for developing the performance test strategies, plans and cases.
Setting up the performance environment based on the requirements.
Deploying and managing the appropriate testing framework to meet the testing mandate.
Executed performance test on the existing hardware to confirm the scalability of the application.
Planned the load by analyzing Task distribution diagram, Transaction Profile and User profile.
Extensively used Loadrunner, Jmeter to conduct performance testing of the application.
Prepared Loadrunner/Jmeter scenarios for Load and Performance testing using different host systems.
Developed load runner Vugen Scripts using Correlation to parameterize dynamic values.
Used Rendezvous points Load balancing and IP spoofing to load test specific transactions.
Analyzed various graphs generated by Loadrunner Analyzer including Database Monitors, Network Monitor graphs, User Graphs Error Graphs, Transaction graphs and Web Server Resource Graphs.
Hands on analysis tools like dynaTrace, Introscope and eG moniter
Tracked defects using Quality Center.
Experience with SVN subversion tool to maintain scripts, scenarios.
Involved in Database tuning to enhance the application performance.
Provide weekly updates to the client and application team based on the test results
and analysis
Strong business analysis skills and thorough understanding of software development life cycle
Extensively used JIRA to track tasks
Experience with Bitbucket repository

Pragna Technologies (Sep 2007 – Aug 2008)
Test Team Member

Responsible for developing Loadrunner Scripts in VuGen and Loadrunner Test Execution in the Loadrunner Controller.
Performed Correlation and Parameterization and Scenario creation for all Load Tests.
Monitored the Web Server, Database Server, and Application Server.
Performed Analysis against the Results and reported Latency Issues to the Developers.
Established Load Testing Standards including platform requirements of CPU, Memory, and Disk Space on Loadrunner Controller, Loadrunner Generators, Loadrunner File Storage.
Established Testing Standards for all Projects consisting of LOADRUNNER Directory Structure of LR Scenarios, LR Scripts, and LR Results, as well as Loadrunner licensing, Loadrunner Controller and Monitor machine selection and installation, and provided guidance to the System Admin and Performance staff.
Created extensive business and system requirements documentation

Technical Skills
Hardware/Platforms
Windows 98/2000/NT, Linux
Performance Tools

Monitoring Tools
Agile tools
SCM tools
JMeter, BlazeMeter, Microfocus StormRunner, Taurus (test automation tool), LoadRunner Green Hat Tester, Performance Center, Perfecto & Experitest Seetest (mobile automation tool), Charles Proxy

AppDynamics, Dynatrace, Wily Enterprise Tool, Team Quest, AWR, HP Diagnostics, PerfMon, Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM), JVisualVM, JProfiler & InfluxDB+Grafana

Rally, Jira
Github, Jenkins
Programming
Languages

C/C++, Java (Intermediate), YAML, Basic Shell scipting, Python (Starter)
Databases
Oracle, DB2
Scripting Languages
HTTP/HTML, Siebel, ICA Citrix, RTE (Mainframe), WinSock, Web Click&Script, Web Services SOAP/REST, Mobile, TruClient

Education
Bachelor of Engineering from Visveswaraiah Technological University 2007, Belgaum, India
Master of Science from University of New Haven, 2010, CT, USA
Contact this candidate