Mark Hendrickson
**** *** ****** ***** ● Evergreen CO, 80439 ● 720-***-****
adptbb@r.postjobfree.com

BUSINESS PROCESS LEADER

Highly accomplished Process leader with extensive experience in process facilitation, work-flow modeling, improvement opportunity reports, and detection of underperforming business activities with an eye toward innovative improvement. Practiced in establishing business requirements for system design, and process improvements to increase quality productivity and reduce cost. Strong interpersonal skills, highly adept at diplomatically facilitating discussions and negotiations with stakeholders. Recognized presentation skills at all levels, consistent delivery of complex projects on-time and within budget. Additional areas of expertise include:

● Return On Investment ● Technology Requirements ● Six Sigma/Lean
● Cross Functional Facilitation ● Process Methodology ● Project/Program Management

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Process Improvement Manager April 2020 – Current
Credit Union of Colorado, Denver, Colorado
Accountable for the development and execution of an enterprise process strategy. Identifying and implementing process improvements in financial services functions spanning from consumer/mortgage lending, contact center, branch operations, risk and payment services. Responsible for reporting performance improvements to senior leadership and Board of Directors.

Director, Payer Implementation April 2019 – January 2020
Sandata, Port Washington, New York
Responsible for State EVV Implementation, responsible for coordinating across multiple software and certification vendors, managing multi-million-dollar budget of ongoing project deliverables. Responsible for managing across technical and non-technical teams and presenting to executives.

Director, Client Engagement October 2018 – April 2019
Catalyst Solutions, Denver, Colorado
Driving the success of assigned clients through operationalizing solutions, ensuring high quality project outcomes and resolving issues and risks as necessary. Working closely with Sales and talent acquisition leads to accurately develop project and resourcing plans that meet the unique requirements presented by clients. Additional responsibilities include creating client account expansion opportunities, maintaining high (client and consultant) satisfaction scores, collaborating in a matrixed environment, and performing internal business improvement activities to enable revenue growth.

Director Corporate Procurement / Operations Process Architect February 2016 – October 2018
Colorado Access, Aurora, Colorado
Immediate responsibilities reporting directly to the COO include direct oversight for enterprise compliance audit coordination, operational staff initiatives including space/logistics planning, interim leadership accountabilities for the Business Intelligence team, and Corporate Compliance. Also accountable for a variety of enterprise continuous improvement efforts and program/project management initiatives including software selection, and executive strategic planning needs.

Supervisor Process Engineer March 2012 – February 2016
DaVita, Denver, Colorado
As a supervisor on Team Tesla, a Revenue Operations process improvement team, primary accountabilities were aimed at providing innovative solutions within DaVita. Responsibilities include translating customer needs into a charter used to obtain project approval. Development and successful completion of a project plan with analysis reporting to various levels of management is required to complete Team Tesla’s project lifecycle.
Notable Projects Include:
●Lead Engineer on claim format capacity project: Coordinating project activities with a support resource, a series of workshops were planned and conducted for the purpose of identifying the current state workflow within the approved project scope. Brainstormed opportunities were prioritized using a collaborative approach, and then quantified using a methodical estimation technique. From the results obtained, a final set of recommendations were produced in an executive presentation format for management to determine the best implementation strategy.

Senior Process and Performance Analyst May 2008 – March 2012
TriZetto, Denver, Colorado
Maintain full responsibility for the development and deployment of Process Services framework, including a process workflow application, which produces a portfolio of deliverables for internal clients. Current management of a cross-functional process improvement effort to identify a half million dollar short-term cost containment, and an estimated two million dollar return over two years.
Notable Projects Include:
●Lead Engineer for hosted customer Urgent Incident improvement: Via facilitated workshops, opportunities to improve the process were captured, and designed within a workflow simulation tool. My goal was to eliminate waste, drive automation, and maximize utilization of existing technology using various tools including statistical analysis. The end result yielded an improved workflow that estimated savings of $1.2 million dollars in an 8 month timeframe.

Senior Consultant April 2007 – March 2008
Statera, Denver, Colorado
Senior consultant specializing in IT Business Analysis and financial systems. Assigned to engagements based upon demonstrated skill in business analysis, project management, and customer relationship management.
Notable Projects Include:
●Subject Matter Expert for Salesforce CRM implementation: CRM replacement project requiring deep understanding of how the legacy CRM would be replaced with Salesforce.com. I consolidated requirements (Functional, business rules, and Use Cases) into a single report used by our development staff to reproduce the workflow in CRM, result was a functioning rules-based approval workflow used by domestic and international departments eliminating subjective approvals.

Business Process Consultant April 2006 – March 2007
Acetta, Seattle, Washington
Individually responsible for leading benefits analysis, business rules tracking, functional requirements, developing use cases and system cases for review. This included delivering As-Is, To-Be handoff diagrams, analyzing across six enabler categories to ensure global perspective is considered when designing recommended improvements. Goals accomplished through the facilitation of domestic and international Sales workshops at various stages of the project lifecycle, from process identification, through requirements validation, utilizing a variety of toolsets from the Acetta Turning Point program.

Operations Analyst August 2005 – April 2006 MoneyGram, Lakewood, Colorado
More detail available upon request

Business Account Manager – West Region July 2004 – May 2005 PlanView, Austin, Texas
More detail available upon request

EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATIONS

●Bachelor of Science, Mechanical Engineering/Industrial Engineering, University of Minnesota, Institute of Technology
●Six Sigma Green Belt, and Lean Certification, Villanova University
●PMP® Certification, 1884471, Project Management Institute PMI®
●ITIL® Version 3 Foundation Certification, 878103, Office of Government Commerce OGC
●ROI Master Certification (CRP - Certified ROI Practitioner), Villanova University

MAJOR ACCOMPLISHMENTS

●US Patent 9,697,495, Event Sequence Assembly Machine
●Implemented a worldwide coding scheme, which revolutionized operational problem management
●Exceeded software sales targets for two consecutive quarters
●Designed comprehensive Enterprise Process Architecture
Contact this candidate