JOHNSON TRAN

Cell: 682-***-****. Home: **** Steve Drive, Crowley, Texas 76036. Email: adq8yt@r.postjobfree.com

PROFILE SUMMARY
Senior Engineer with year’s comprehensive and progressive experience with system integration aircraft flight test or aircraft/system for Electrical Aircraft Wiring. Specialize in aircraft electrical wiring harnesses and cables assemblies with development and qualify PMA Design.
Encompassing setting radio frequencies and ensuring technical support, completing maintenance duties, analyzing test results, following company policies, identifying technical issues, making recommendations for improvement, and understanding customer needs. Radio frequency experts responsible for conducting test activities and making sure radio frequency circuits and systems function properly. An expert with problem solving orientation, attention to details, accuracy, teamwork, concentration, and strong communication skills.
Highly - organized leader with an effective use of time, human and technological management, and an ability to prioritize effectively and be flexible where necessary. Articulate communicator, accustomed to developing and maintaining positive relationships with all levels of individuals of diverse backgrounds.

PROFESSIONAL SKILLS

Knowledgeable in electrical test engineering and understand test support, test planning in with electrical harness wiring and conduit assembly. Working knowledge of Military Specifications. Experience interpreting customer specifications and drawings, or Data molding, analysis techniques to establish pattern and trends.
Sound knowledge of export control and ITAR (International Traffic in Arms Regulations), EAR (Export Administration Regulations) requirement for working with suppliers’ customer interface preferred.
Versatile passionate Aerospace manufacturing production, documentation control, electrical in aircraft electrical wiring harnesses and cables assemblies with development and qualify PMA design or wire installing or integration to meeting quality and exceeding engineering design requirements.
Strong ability to write, review Engineering Changes (EC) as required.
Ability to check, review engineering drawing. Family with: Aviation/Aircraft system (BOM) Bill-of-Material/Structures, IPC, Catia V5/V6 wiring.
Excellent teamwork with good communication skills & professional attitude. Demonstrate solid understanding of RF (Radio Frequency) principles and techniques.
Capabilities by engineering designing testing methods and testing properties with LTE hardware and software development and experience in RF Optimization for LTE / UMTS/ GSM/ CDMA / EV-DO and RF Test Equipment CMW200/CMW500.
Familiar with AS9100C, ISO9001:2000, FOD prevention, PDM and Plex system.

AREAS OF EXPERTIZE

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Test Programming Engineering
InterConnect-Wiring, LLP Feb 2018- Present
Subcontracted Manufacture & Supplier to Lockheed Martin program, design test program to test electrical harness wiring and Panel electrical box for Lockheed Martin, Boeing, L3, Sikorsky,BAE System, Bell-Helicopter, SpaceX are using the DIT- MCO software and DIT-MCO tester machine/NES SWs or Cirris SW and Cirris tester machine.
Design the wiring diagram circuit test for Electrical harness or Electrical Panel boxes. Design test cables using for DITMCO testers.
Research components, parts or connectors mating information as required.
Troubleshoot DITMCO wiring in Hardware/Software issues or manufacturing products to component or board levels.
Write work instructions for manufacturing process to build the electrical harness or electrical panel box.

Manufacturing Wiring System Engineer
Co-Operative Industries Aerospace & Defense Mar 2014-Feb 2018
Subcontracted Manufacture & Supplier to Lockheed Martin JSF program, aka F-35, F-22,
and F-16 programs, Raytheon aircraft, Boeing, G.E, FedEx, and Military Program, and defining system architecture.
Specialized in aircraft electrical wiring harnesses and conduit assemblies with development and qualify PMA design, meeting quality and exceeding engineering design requirements.
Troubleshoot any engineering design flaws, MDP (manufacture data package) and manufacture engineering instruction.
Published MPS (manufacturing process sheet), BOM (build of material), ECM (engineering change memo), Design Variances documentation, Quote engineering design, and work in conjunction with sales department to complete Request for Quote (RFQ) from customer and Customer Engineers.
Examined Military Specification. products and provided documentation for manufacturing process (ITAR).
Coordinated with quality team for rejection and review material or maintains inspection report and record, configuration management team, and manufacturing supervisor and strong communication skills. Performed inspects and accepts rejected item after rework or repair.

Test Engineer
Flextronics, Fort Worth, TX Feb 2012-Sept 2014
Provides for the timely completion of requested test projects by conducting the test or coordination with the lab supervisor and TSD engineer.
Serving as a performance engineer in diagnostics and troubleshooting. Analyzing, reported, and tracked issues and internal bugs in handset in capable of modem protocol Software debugging or internal bugs in handset software for AT&T, Verizon, T-Mobile, Sprint in IOS and Android Application. Analyzing, reported, and tracked issues and built and retained relationships with OEMs to gain software and technical support.

QA Engineer
Cynergy Hitech, Fort Worth, TX Sept 2009-Feb 2012
Support QA inspectiors through refinement of inspection software, hardware,items.
Adress root cause and resolution avenues with Production, Supplier Management, Warranty.
Inform and communicate suggestions and errors to relevant department for continuous improvement of the installation process.
Research and recommend certification or training that may assist QA and Production team to increase potential quality of product.

RF Test Engineer
New Breed Logistics, Fort Worth, TX Jun 2005-Aug 2009
Experience in supports system integration with hardware and software development and Wireless Standards for LTE, GSM, CDMA, and GPS. Performing RF/Audio, loopback voice tests, no-power tests, stress tests, and drop tests.
Characterizing and procuring NPI engineering samples and data for all OEMS models of RF/Analog/Mixed signals and design test fixture for all mobiles cell phone model such as Apple, Motorola, Samsung, LG, HTC, Nokia, BlackBerry, ZTE air cards, and other cellular handset devices.
IT Tech Support
New Breed Logistics, Fort Worth, TX Dec 2001-Jun 2005
Workstation consisted of KVM switches with proprietary software and hardware to flash phones in mass quantities in Windows PCs.
Workstation consisted for RF phones testing issue for LTE, GSM, CDMA, and GPS in functions test RF/Audio, loopback voice tests, no-power tests, stress tests, and drop tests. Troubleshooting MS TCP/IP network configuration for RF and Flash phones stations. Imaging computers, set up test benches and equipment. Run network cables or terminations network including Cat5e, Cat6/Cat6A.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Drafting standard-AutoCAD standard-Visio/Power Point-Microsoft Office-Documentation Control- Manufacturing Process-Engineering Standards-Engineering Packages (2D/3D)-MRP System-Wiring Diagrams designing and system architectures main system and system separation.
Statics, Dynamics, Solid Mechanics, Circuit Analysis. Radio Frequency (RF) principles and technique. Software/Hardware and loop testing.

EDUCATION

B/S degree of Science in Electrical Engineering -The University of Texas at Arlington 2007

A/A of Electronics/Electrical in Engineering -Tarrant County of College, Arlington, TX 2005

A/A of Welding in Technology -Tarrant County of College, Fort Worth, TX 2003

Bachelor’s degree of Science in Education 1996

REFERENCES

Available on request:

Electrical harness wiring and conduit assembly
Project management
Software scripter writer, code or test
Export control and ITAR
Circuit Wiring Analysis
Programming DITMCO testers
Programming Cirris Easy Wire tests

Data molding and Thermo-engineering
RF/Labs systems Integration.
Supervision and training
Aircraft subsystem development
Embedded systems design
Design test program aircraft harness
Contact this candidate