Calvin Jones
Calvin E Jones Frisco, TX ***** adre06@r.postjobfree.com +1-678-***-****
I apply more than 27 years of experience in the areas of telecommunication performance, OSP design and maintenance and Network Integration of wireless technologies via project management or NOC support and design.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

OSP - ASBUILT TECHNICIAN
LightPath (Independent Contract) - NATIONWIDE
March 2020 to Present
Preform daily As-Built mapping of Aerial and UG plant using
Bluebeam Revu 20 and Katapult Pro GIS mapping software
Strand Mapping, Cables and HFC system identification
Providing address/lot verification and service feed components
Provided As-Built Verification (Aerial/UG) conducting field verification of all strand components, HFC system component identification on existing system prints
Recording and obtaining (Aerial/UG) information for OSP calibrations
Documentation entailed (Aerial/UG) telecommunication including Fiber, coax, poles pedestals splitters, LE's, amplifiers, fiber nodes, DC's,
Field Service Technician
TargetCW (SmartRent) Part-Time - Atlanta, GA
March 2021 to August 2021
Work daily schedule of work orders to fulfill time frames for smart home upgrades.
Inform and explain the scope of work being performed to customer.
Conduct “Hub Conversion” installation/upgrade process syncing smart home devices.
Continuously working with multiple software systems to provide necessary installation reports.
Constantly providing professional customer service excellence and support
DST III
Goodman Solutions - Atlanta, GA
January 2019 to February 2020
Provide installation and maintenance services to network operators, OEMs and retailers of smart home electronics and connected devices.
Delivers operational and customer service metrics by utilizing robust back-office
Providing Network Operations Center (NOC) support
Supplied efficient training programs for industry standards.
Advanced knowledge of computers, networking, and operating mobile devices. Thoroughly complete required printed, digital logs and reports
Sr Specialist-Network Support (RAN)
AT&T - Atlanta, GA
November 2012 to September 2018
Network Element Acceptance:
To include (4G and 5G LTE, ORAN, Mixed Mode, Nokia, GSM, Cisco routers, Controller and Radio Nodes,
Ericsson 6675 router, C-ran Elements, Samsung, D2 White Box
SIAD/MSN, Ericsson, Lucent UMTS, Ericsson GSM/UMTS).Testing and validating
Nationally support AT&T Node B OSS for GSM, UMTS and LTE deployment, integration & commissioning ALU 1630/1631 remote administration, and operations support development.
Preformed First Responder Network Authority (FirstNet) LTE Carrier adds.
Testing and validating Nokia FSM4 LTE new site builds and carrier adds.
Responsible for commissioning, decommissioning, integration and testing of NodeBs, eNodeBs, New Site Builds (NSB), Carrier Ads as well as Indoor systems including all necessary elements.
Vendor Support Accomplishments: (RAN)
National Field Service Desk (NFSD) Project January 2011 to December 2015
My goal was to solidify the future of the NFSD with quality training, high level technical support on all mobility OSS and providing strong leadership to guide our team in the right direction. successfully traveled to multiple markets on multiple occasions, Czech Republic, Dallas and Chicago to train and council NFSD technicians to support vendor activities conducting
Lead Specialist-Network Support
(AT&T) - Atlanta, GA
January 2011 to December 2015
I supported Node B OSS for GSM, UMTS and LTE deployment, integration, and commissioning
Developed “Job Aids” for NFSD technical and directorial process and procedures for all markets (Atlanta,
Dallas, Chicago, and Czech Republic)
Status KPI’s in UNIX ALU-WMS for successful call processing, utilization and drops/failures
Continuously supported 3rd party vendors troubleshooting RNC, RBS, BSC, Alcatel
MSN
Validate vendors corrections and final deliverable.
Utilized Node Status Analyzer, RBS Element Manager, Remedy tool for alarm status state.
Responsible for the 24 x 7 ticket management
Lead tech on troubleshooting maintenance requests, escalations and vendors concerns
Confirm site status with OSS platforms Nokia GSM, ALU-UMTS and ALU-LTE
Ericsson-GSM and Ericsson-UMTS, Nortel-GSM and Siemens-GSM
Verify MHA gain and TMA settings, RSSI and VSWR results/readings for UMTS, LTE/GSM

BTS Integration Technician SE Region (SC, NC, VA, and GA)
Verizon / Motorola Tech USA
September 2010 to July 2011
Responsible for Optimization/Calibration of Motorola 4812 & UBS/BTS carrier integration Added 3rd EVDO carriers to BTS for congestion relief and utilization capacity. Validated CSM (GPS) reference for verification and optimization.
Conduct calibration of supported test equipment for transmit/receive path verification.
Verified customer defined alarms and call processing post testing and integration. Preformed Acceptance Test Procedures (ATP) on all BTS subsystem devices Created high level reports of ATP calibration and optimization test results.
Wired T1 spans to DSX in support of EVDO data translations/transmission of BTS commissioning Remote Access Work:
Verify the software load version and record all existing alarms to compare with the post-upgrade status Alarms that affect the upgrade that need to be cleared by the customer before proceeding. Verify site call processing on each equipped sector/cell.
Install/ Integration Tech Verizon (ALU and Ericsson) Installation of ALU Evolved Node B (ENB),
McNeal Professional Services - Atlanta, GA
April 2009 to August 2010
Installation of Ericsson 3106, 3206 node B’s, and RU, FU, ETMC-1, PSU, TX, RAX boards Commissioning, integration and connecting power. Loading scripts and verification of IP address in O&M scripts Verify connectivity to SIAD with ping from RNC.
LTE prep, RF cable and jumper installation, and PIM testing VSWR).
Troubleshooting various issues for node B, that would prevent integration completion.
RF Performance Engineer / Project Manager (Motorola iDEN GSM/TMDA)
Sprint/Nextel - Atlanta, GA
February 2005 to April 2009
Analyzed and addressed RF interference & intermodulation related issues on A & B bands
Collected and analyzed data using HP/Agilent spectrum analyzer, Agilent software & Agilent drive
Planned initial investigation and ON/ OFF BTS site testing.
I successfully integrated Motorola1206 900 MHz QUAD radios into SE Region by transitioning iDEN networks without impacting customer experience through Antenna and BDA upgrades Tested macro sites, antenna modifications and frequency planning for new spectrum changes I was POC (Point of Contact) 900MHz Deployment and Public Safety (PS) interference mitigation Perform 800MHz/900MHz interference testing and interference mitigation.
Created PS procedure document drafts for market interference.
Coordination with Field Operations and RF Engineering on 900MHz carrier (Turn-up) Managed (KPI’s) market Daily I3 Drop calls, Blocked calls
RF Performance Engineer / Project Manager
Cable and Wireless - (Nortel) Barbados/Eastern Caribbean
February 2004 to February 2005
Evaluated Nortel BSS GSM parameter settings & timers to ensure optimal performance in multiple markets.
Analyzed daily statistical data recommended and implemented changes to improve the network.
Evaluated drop call and reasons for drops in key trouble areas.
Analyzed drive test data, pinpointed key troubled areas/reasons using TEMS/Actix
Analyzer and Wizard (RF Prediction Tool), MapInfo/Street Atlas Evaluated new site candidates to meet defined objectives.
Responsible for approving and validating Nortel BTS’s from installation, commissioning, integration and optimization resolution and BTS expansion.
Point of Contact for field operations, RF Engineering and Network Operations
Created Method of Procedure (MOP) for all network frequency retunes and system drives.
Created high level reports based on daily, weekly and monthly (KPI) Key Point
Indicators
Provided weekly quality progress reports to Caribbean Motorola quality manager and weekly quality performance metrics to regional manager and international quality manager.
Worked with regional & construction manager & Site acquisition to ensure tower acceptance.
Performed site audits and health checks for (preventative maintenance)
Field Service Representative II Expert
Cox Communication - Springfield, VA
March 2002 to February 2004
Responsible for Installing Cable T.V. and highspeed data and digital services.
Installed, repaired coaxial cable (Rg6, Rg9) lines from the tap to the ground block (home)
Measured and recorded cable signal strength on general drops and grounding conditions
Monitored analog/digital signal levels for alarms, leakage and to locate and fix cut drops.
Preformed installation of cable and internet, daily while providing quality customer service.
Conducted disconnects to prevent theft of cable services.
Created weekly reports on quality control updates and trouble tickets.
Provided troubleshooting for high-speed internet and cable broadcast issues.
Was the lead field training instructor for new FSR’s Field Service Representatives
Maintained and secured company issued equipment applying highest level organization skills

RF Engineer
Airband Communication - Washington, DC
February 2000 to January 2002
Responsible for RF design, deployment and operation of wireless broadband AP’s and using MapInfo with Street Atlas SU’s
Used Fixed Wireless directional, narrow beam, point-to-point (PTP) antennas and radios Solved all Site Survey zoning related and building lease conflicts to FCC standard.
Ensured OSHA RF regulation compliance during base station construction.
Developed RF radiation safety course and program for field personnel.
Resolved throughput and systems integration issues.
Performed link budget analysis and designed frequency plan.
Conducted capacity planning for base station (BGP) backhaul co-location facilities SONET/Fiber.
Developed and performed RF drive testing and throughput testing procedures.
Performed RF interference, frequency, and inter modulation analysis for RF networks.
Configured and operated Microwave systems, base stations and subscriber units
Worked with Cisco new release department on new platform launch of Cisco 3600 series.
Wireless Network Integration Specialist (Switch Tech) Contractor
Nortel Networks (CDMA) - Dallas, TX
April 1999 to February 2000
Performed network integration activities, which involved Cell Site Base Station
Relocations
(Re-homes) to include hardware changes as well as software data fill relocation.
Conducted Network ATM upgrades on digital cross-connect systems on Vector switch to Nortel Passport
15k which to complete NMS data fill relocation from the Vector
NMS to Passport 15k Preformed NMS cutover from ATM to ATM, while carrying live traffic
Helped with testing and acceptance of new prototype technologies
Nationally support AT&T Node B OSS for GSM deployment, integration & commissioning.
RF Engineer Contractor
Voicestream (Nortel, GSM) - Dallas, TX
April 1997 to April 1999
Evaluated Nortel BSS GSM parameter settings & timers to ensure optimal performance.
Analyzed daily statistical data recommended and implemented changes to improve the network.
Evaluated drop call and reasons for drops in key trouble areas.
Analyzed drive test data to pinpoint KPI’s for call drops using TEMS/Actix
Analyzer
Evaluated new site candidates to meet defined objectives.
Training: Nokia GSM Analysis and HD Training

Education

Bachelors Business Administration
SUNY - Buffalo, NY
September 1992 to May 1994
Associates of Art and Science in Business Management
Paul Smiths College - Paul Smiths, NY September 1990 to May 1992
Skills

•Fiber Testing SMM Web Interface and Log In Running scripts on Secure CRT with Telnet and SSH protocols 3rd Party Tools (CLI Manager, Winfiol, Patty, FileZilla and Procomm) Microsoft Office (Excel
•Proficient with Macros, Pivots, V-lookup) Public Safety Certified (Interference Mitigation) Certified in
Defensive Driving RFI Data Collection & Analysis Tools HP Spectrum Analyzer, HP Frequency Counter
Kingfisher (MSO interface tool), Cellsight (MSO interface tool) DART/Airgen (site stats tools), TEMS,
IFTA (iDen Field Test Application) Wizard (RF Prediction Tool), MapInfo/Street Atlas Grayson receiver,
Comarco, Agilent Receiver, ACTIX Microwave Repeater Test Set, Microwave Frequency Counter Telephone (Cat5, Cat6 twisted pair, Rj31 blocks, Rj11 and Rj45)
•Network Support
•4G/LTE
Contact this candidate