Muhammad Subhan US CITIZEN
Phone: 908-***-**** Email: adwi87@r.postjobfree.com

Summary:

Over 5 years of diversified experience as a Performance Engineer. I have extensively worked on LoadRunner, Professional, Performance Center, DynaTrace, CA APM, AppDynamics, Datadog, Splunk and AWS CloudWatch. Extensive involvement in all stages of Performance Testing Lifecycle from Requirement Analysis, Test Plan Development, Scripting, Execution, Monitoring, Tuning, and Reporting. Possess excellent professional skills and have a proven track record of delivering high quality results.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Performance Testing Tools
LoadRunner Professional, Performance Center, JMeter, Blaze Meter, Neoload, Gatling
Monitoring Tools
DynaTrace, CA APM, AppDynamics, Datadog, AWS CloudWatch, Splunk, SiteScope, AWR Reports, SQL Profiler
Languages
C, C++, SQL, PL/SQL, HTML, XML, Java, JavaScript, VB Script, ASP, PERL, C #, Shell Scripting.
Database
Oracle, MS SQL Server, IBM DB2, MS Access, My SQL
RDBMS
MS Access, MS SQL Server, My SQL, Oracle DB2
Other Tools
Waterfall, Agile, Test Director, Lotus Notes, Bugzilla, IIS, JIRA, Quality Center, Clear Quest, Confluence.

EXPERIENCE

Client: Broadridge, Newark NJ
Role: Performance Test Lead
Duration: November 2018 to Present
Identify all the critical applications and services in agile mode and start doing early performance testing to find the performance bugs at early stages.
Extensively used AWS CloudWatch and CA APM monitoring tools for AWS Dev, Dev integrated and QA environment monitoring to check the server level health and infrastructure utilization.
Analyzed the performance test results and found bottlenecks by drilling down the root cause of the issue and work closely with develops to fix the performance bugs.
Responsible for creating performance testing user stories in JIRA and update the activities for all the test items to give the clear picture to the product team.
Gather the end to end performance testing requirements for integration testing.
Created performance test plan for all the waterfall projects and work closely with the product team to identify the non-functional requirements.
Created performance test questionnaire document, test plan template and test results standard format to share with product team.
Lead and guide offshore performance team and involve in creating scripts using Load Runner and Jmeter, execute the performance test in isolated environments, monitor in Controller and create the detailed performance testing reports.
Analyzed the system usage by reviewing the legacy test results and created the new system workload model.
Worked on protocols like web services, web (HTML/HTTP) Kafka services, trading FIX massages, APPIA MQ and Thick client.
Tested batch jobs in AWS Glue, configure performance setting In AWS Glue and find out the jobs level response time.

Environment: LoadRunner, AWS hosted application, UAT Equivalent Production, Postman, JIRA, LR Controller, CA APM, AWS Cloudwatch, Splunk, Gitlab, Agile, Waterfall, JIRA, Windows.

Client: PNC Bank, PA
Role: Performance Engineer
Duration: October 2017 to June 2018
Involved in end to end process of performance testing (from design review to report generation for stakeholders).
Developed various Load Runner scripts using various protocols like Web (http/html), Web Services, and Citrix.
Provided support to enterprise engineering team with regards to design review, server configurations, jvm parameters etc.
Part of various teams in dynamic agile environment as Performance engineer.
Lead Engineer for network monitoring of MPLS circuits using SevOne tool.
Involved in network capturing using TCP dump and analysis using Wireshark.
Responsible for creating and maintaining production application dashboards using Wily and Cacti.
Responsible for creating health rules and alerts for production in Wily and Dynatrace.
Responsible for volume forecasts for partners during peak seasons and determining the effective capacity of current production environment.
Worked with network team to create firewall rules for connectivity with third party vendors. Captured and analyzed trace routes to triage connectivity issues.
Used commands like htop, swap memory etc. to determine the performance of the servers, if monitoring tool wasn’t available.
Worked with solution engineers to come up with designs for rate limiting on the web tier to safe guard the environment from sudden burst of traffic.
Configured and created reports using Tealeaf for various applications.
Executed basic DB queries using Toad for Oracle and SQL manager to check records in the DB.

Environment: Load Runner, Performance Center, WebSphere, WebLogic, Java, Java Script, Dynatrace, SiteScope, Wily, Splunk, Neoload, Oracle, C, C++, C#, Waterfall, Agile, Bugzilla, IIS, Clear Quest, Windows, Unix/ Linux.
Contact this candidate