Mike Fang
**** ******** *** **********, ** *****
Contact#: 510-***-**** (Cell)
Email: adz23o@r.postjobfree.com
OBJECTIVE: Seeking project management/director or any related engineering positions. SKILLS SUMMARY:
OS Environment: UNIX, Solaris, Linux, Windows: NT 2016/2018/2020, XP, Windows 18.
Languages: C, C++, Java, PYTHON, PERL, Shell script, VB, SQL query, XML and HTML.
Automation tools: WinRunner, LoadRunner, Silk, QuickTest PRO, Ant and J2EE tools.
Knowledge of database implementation concept in DB2, Oracle9i, SQL query, and server.
Knowledge of web technologies and servers: Iplanet, Weblogic 10.3/12.1, and Apache.
Implement regression tests and benchmarking, load tests using LoadRunner for optimal performance.
Experience of ClearCase, Visual Test, Expect (tcl/tk), and various bug-tracking tools.
Over ten years of Test/Automation, Development, and Sr. Staff Engineer/Team Lead/holding leadership roles.
Assist in preparation of design documents, technical and functional specifications, and requirements document.
Experience of QA methodology, SDLC life cycle, CMM, PC-DEMIS, and test automation strategies.
Experience with client/server, security, configuration, and software applications.
Responsible for test execution, result, root cause identification, and bugs reporting.
Generate failure analysis report to improve product reliability and quality processes.
Develop and execute tests for cross-platform, ISO, and high-availability products.
Ability to travel and work at all levels and domestic and offshore teams. WORK EXPERIENCES:
09/2018—10/2022 Intel Corporation Folsom, CA
Performance Engineer: Responsible for benchmarking, testing, performance, configuration, evaluation, administration, installation, monitoring, support, and server maintenance.
Benchmarking any new servers that come in prior to installation and configuration.
Testing to ensure that server and emulator are working properly prior release to data center.
Installed security patch to all servers periodically to secure the security issues in Intel policy.
Monitor emulator/server’s performance (tuning to ensure reliability, stability, and scalability)
Installation and configuration Linux/Unix Servers for Nbatch and emulation in data center.
Support Intel development team and offshore team in any Nbatch, server/emulation issues.
Server administration and maintenance to ensure all servers are running and operational. 08/2008 – 08/2018 General Electric Newark, CA
SQA Senior Test Engineer/Consultant: Responsible for benchmarking, load testing, evaluation, qualification, document control, design, and implement test-case. Tasks include:
Automated test using PYTHON, PERL, LoadRunner, SQL Query, and QuickTest PRO.
Responsible for performance test, load testing, simulation, stress, reliability, scalability, and regression to ensure that app & database meet specification using LoadRunner Tool.
Evaluate backend system performance and provide recommendations for improvements.
Analyze root causes of performance problems and develop appropriate resolutions.
Conduct system performance and stress testing, analyze test results, and suggest action plans.
Review and recommend improvements to existing system design for performance efficiency.
Responsible for benchmarking all servers such as NAS, MUX, Oracle database.
Create and maintain SQA test plans, create test cases, and perform security penetration test.
Installation, configuration, testing new OS such as Windows Server 2008/2012/2016, Solaris, and Oracle9i server.
Evaluation, qualification, test status for servers with procedure documentations.
Responsible for testing, configuration, integration, and performance analysis.
Work closely with software group and TSA to meet the product requirements.
Customer support, offsite support, in house training support. 07/2005 – 07/2008 Thomson, Inc. Santa Clara, CA
Sr. Member Technical Staff: Responsible for managing activities related to Software Quality Assurance, performance, and Integration support. Tasks include:
Responsible for performance testing, load testing, scalability testing, media stream, and database meet throughput and response time using LoadRunner Tool.
Present test results, recommendations to manager, and concerns in a timely manner.
Implement process improvements to ensure performance and testing efficiency.
Control SQA project scope and issues throughout development lifecycle.
Provide SQA management, communications with team members, vendors and clients.
Conduct SQA tests on embedded set top box, and video compression software.
Managing team members, direction, and motivation to meet project deadlines.
Support document processes to assist SQA activities and production release.
Test HD video, AVC encoder/decoder, MPEG2, MPEG4, and RF set top box.
Interface with network operators for in-network product integration, test embedded systems, GUI interactive TV application, API application, and bug validation.
Collaborate and co-develop with other development sites within and outside the U.S.
Develop track and measure CMM Quality Management metrics and software process.
Support bug tracking system, build release, and software developers. 10/2004 - 07/2005 ModulusVideo, Inc. Sunnyvale, CA Sr. SQA Engineer: Work closely with development engineers to implement and test real-time full resolution HD AVC video Encoder and Decoder under Linux and Window environments.
System setup, system configuration, integration, and troubleshooting.
Implement functional test, regression, reliability, stability, SQA processes/procedures.
Implement automation tools using Junit, QuickTest Pro automation test suite.
Responsible for functional testing, reliability, stability and product performance.
Test AVC compressed MPEG-2 transport stream using TCP/IP and UDP protocol.
Test AVC video compression platform in encoding and decoding.
Test multiplex MPEG-2 transport streams, Web interface, and NMS interface.
Test UnitCast, MultiCast, close caption, voice imaging, noise reduction, and compress video.
System testing for optimizing video compression, video displays, features, and measuring the perceptual quality of images and video.
05/2002 - 10/2004 Bay Area Computer San Francisco, CA Technical Consultant: Responsible for integration and configuration for optimal performance.
Implement functional tests, load tests, and stress tests using LoadRunner Tool.
Implement test case scenarios from system requirements and system specification.
Responsible for all tiers test plan development and execution procedures.
Responsible for result analysis, root cause identification and reporting all bugs.
Develop status reporting mechanism and implement process improvement measures.
Knowledge of testing company software products and application systems. 04/1998 - 05/2002 Com21, Inc. Milpitas, CA
Sr. Performance/SQA Engineer: Implement performance, functional test case, document all test designs and procedures.
Responsible for load testing, regression testing using LoadRunner, WebLogic, Apache to isolate and resolve system performance bottlenecks.
Responsible for performance testing, stress testing, and API/Web server with Silk, WinRunner and LoadRunner.
Coordinate with system architects to ensure products meet testability requirements in various projects (NMAPS, RNMAPS, MDU, CMTS, VoIP).
Responsible for system performance and integration testing in both firmware and software.
Responsible for portability, scalability, compatibility, functionality, and reliability.
Responsible for analysis of code line to improve performance to detect code regression.
Maintain, lead, and responsible for five projects, and project’s testbeds.
Lead role, train new staff, and mentor junior engineers. 03/1996 - 04/1998 Northern Telecom Santa Clara, CA Software Engineer: Work closely with development engineers, white box and black box testing.
Implement functional test and product definition for the ISDN and PBX’s high-performance routing products.
System setup, system configuration, integration, and troubleshooting.
Testing the porting of TCP/IP, UDP protocol stack for performance and scaling.
Testing the ISDN, IP forwarding and routing control protocols.
Perform white box testing in both firmware and software before release to QA engineers for integration.
Responsible for functional testing, reliability, and product performance.
Implement automation tools using TCL and maintain automation test suite. 07/1994 - 03/1996 Space System/Loral Palo Alto, CA Staff Engineer: Essential duties include developing, supporting product design support and testing.
Support software, electrical, mechanical, R&D engineers using C and UNIX shell script.
Benchmarking, SW validation, supported engineers to resolve problems and unit tests.
Install engineering software packages, configure systems, and created test metrics.
Establish database for drawing, design activities, update, and finalize documentation.
Technical support, design support, test validation, revises product design and updates all drawings. EDUCATION:
03/2006 – 12/2012 University of Phoenix San Jose, CA
Ph. D. in Global Business Management (emphasis in politic & leadership) 06/2000 - 06/2003 University of Phoenix San Jose, CA
M. S. in Computer Information Technology.
09/1990 - 06/1994 National University San Diego, CA
B. S. in Computer Science.
REFERENCES: Available upon request.
Contact this candidate