Mr Amel AL-BAZI

Mobile: ****(*)778-***-****
gqv73u@r.postjobfree.com

British National
Holds full and clean UK driving license
Fluent in English, Arabic and Assyrian languages
Year of birth: 1979

Key highlights and achievement

* Over 10 years of work experience in busy engineering environment in the
UK.
* Studied Mobile and Personal Communication and obtained Merit MSc degree
from the University of King's College London.

Personal Profile

I am a professional telecommunication engineer and a result-oriented with
an analytical problem solving mind. I hold a merit MSc degree in mobile
and personal communication. I enjoy extensive range of skills and an in
depth experience in Mobile network design, planning, performance evaluation
and analysis as well as radio optimisation in 3G mobile Radio networks.

Network vendor experience: NSN - Nokia Siemens Networks

Key Skills, Experience and Achievements

. Solution thinking, delivering to expectation and seeing the work
through customer's eye.
. Improving network performance and efficiently identifying faults for
resolution.
. Documenting of all upgrades and work orders raised throughout project
life span.
. Flexible and enthusiastic hard working to meet and exceed project
demands well within deadlines.

Career Summary

(Over 6 years experience in managed service business working for Ericsson
Ltd)

Date: May 2010 to Present
Company: Ericsson - Reading - UK
Position: Senior 3G RAN Network Optimisation Engineer

Responsibilities and Achievements:
. Statistical analysis of Radio network performance.
. Network Performance report design, analysis and publication.
. Identification of fault's root cause and providing guidance to
resolution.
. Creation of customised reports to prioritise work load based on SLA
impact calculations.
. Face to face and direct discussions with external business customer.
. Technical leader for new 3G RAN features introduction and RAN
Optimisation.

Date: Apr 2007 to Aug 2007 and then from Jun 2008 to April 2010
Company: Ericsson - Reading - UK
Position: Network Performance Engineer

Responsibilities and Achievements:
. Improved Network Performance using drive test information and Network
counters. Also using various planning and optimisation tools and
techniques. Such as TEMS, ACTIX, Enterprise Asset, Blarney, Metrica,
MapInfo, NEP, NPS, MS Access, MS Excel, MS Power Point.
. Developed and Constructed MS Access queries to accurately and quickly
identify Missing neighbours, Scrambling Code clashes and RAN parameter
miss alignments.
. Early fault detection followed by investigation and raising fault
tickets with detailed but concise radio failure report to aid the
field engineering group fault resolution.
. Central London region was the Geographical areas of my
responsibility. The vibrant nature of the city required extensive and
continues radio and capacity optimisation. Antenna Optimisation
techniques was investigated and assessment comparison for before and
after implementation was thoroughly evaluated in order to a certain
benefits of the modifications. Traffic growth was monitored on all
three main aspects of the RAN, Air Interface, baseband and
transmission line loading. Upgrade requests were raised in timely
manner and within budget after Antenna and Parameter optimisation
methods were implemented to minimise congestion that would affect
service accessibility.
. KPI and SLA documentation.
. Proactively investigated radio related problems and issues and took
ownership until resolution.
. To maintain and improve Radio Network Controller RNC performance on a
3G mobile network operator.
. To deliver an improvement in the optimisation areas assigned by the
Regional Network Performance Manager, in the required timescales.
. To provide innovative technical solutions to optimisation problems and
to engage proactively in new issues which the business needs solving.
. Interacted with the Radio Design group to ensure relevant information
is available to the regional team.
. To take part in technical trials, i.e. new features/tools as they
become available from Radio Design.
. Ensured all databases are kept up to date and accurate.
. Maintained a high level of communication with the Network Planner.

Date: Sep 2007 to Oct 2007 and then from Feb 2008 to May 2008
Company: Ericsson - Reading - UK

Position: RAN planning Engineer

Responsibilities and Achievements:
. Responsible for choosing the best mobile radio site location and
configuration.

Date: Nov 2007 to Jan 2008
Company: Ericsson - Reading - UK

Position: Transmission Provisioning Engineer

Responsibilities and Achievements:
. Night shift site by site preparation and activation of ATM
(Asynchronous Transmission Mode) transmission links for the High Speed
Downlink Packet Access HSDPA in 3G UMTS mobile network.
. Site by site transmission configuration auditing sites.

Date: Aug 2007
Company: Ericsson - Dublin - Ireland
Position: Verification test Engineer

Responsibilities and Achievements:
. Verifying site performance by means of Drive testing and collecting
test call logs for analysis.

Date: Dec 2005 to Apr 2007
Company: Ericsson - Reading - UK
Position: Network Planning Engineer

Responsibilities and Achievements:
. Responsible for creating UMTS radio and transmission plans, the
selection of radio (Node B) sites and the selection and configuration
of the Node B equipment, feeders and antennas.
. Responsible for the selection, design and planning of microwave links,
transmission hub sites and repeaters.
. To ensure there is a suitable, cost effective transmission solution
for all node B sites selected for deployment, by establishing Line of
Site LOS to another deployed or planned radio or transmission site, or
by obtaining a reasonable leased circuit quote.
. To produce link budgets, apply for fixed link channels, select,
configure and call off microwave links. Responsible of dimensioning
and circuiting the Iub transmission interface for Node Bs.
. To Enter all site technical, progress and configuration data
accurately in Enterprise, Net-one BaseLine, Cramer Dimension, NEP, NPS
and other planning/project management tools and databases as required.
. Have been awarded with an Ericsson Services Limited applause
certificate for always walking the extra miles in order to achieve the
little things that make a difference between the good and the great.

Date: Nov 2004 -Nov 2005
Company: Motorola - Basingstoke - UK
Position: EMEA Log Analysis Engineer

Responsibilities and Achievements:
. Worked within the Mobile Device Business of Motorola on new 3G
handsets manufactured and developed by Motorola.
. Analysed logs to find root cause of software bugs and issues within
the multimedia application layer of the 3G handset.
. Effectively chaired daily conference calls with software developers
based in the US and Italy. Discussed issues related to Multi Media
Engine MME and Multi Media Application MMA.
. LAE required a considerable knowledge of the Software Design
Specification as well as the Marketing Requirement Specification.

Date: Apr 2004 to Oct 2004
Company: H3G - Reading - UK
Position: Drive Test Technician

Responsibilities and Achievements:
. Collected data for optimisation team responsible for the South East
region of H3G mobile network. This was achieved using Viper and Nitro
Software tools that are developed by Agilent Technology.

Date: Jun 2000 to Dec 2003
Company: On-Air Systems - London - UK
Position: TV Broadcast Operator

Responsibilities and Achievements:
. Quality control and monitoring.
. Fast trouble shooting.
. Software and Hardware testing.

Education and Qualifications

. King's College London Sep 2003 to Sep 2004
MSc in mobile and personal communication - Department of Electronic
Engineering
Passed with Merit

. Westminster University Sep 2001 to Jun 2003
BSc (Hons.) in media technology - Department of Electronic Engineering
Passed with upper second class degree

Professional Training

26/02/2002 - 01/03/2002 BBC Training and Development
Practical Broadcasting course that involved the operational and technical
aspects of Digital Interconnection, Dual Time-base Oscilloscope, PC Non
Liner Editing, Monitor Line Up, Vision Mixer Familiarisation and Television
Studios.

Hobbies

Science news and Nature discoveries, Cycling and Gardening.
Contact this candidate