Summary:
I am highly motivated Business Intelligence Professional with 2+ years’ experience in building Summary and detail level Reports as well as database development in OLAP/OLTP environments.
Implemented ETL methodology in data extraction, transformation and loading using SSIS, Microsoft Business Intelligence development studio (MSBI) SQL Server data tools (SSDT) Visual Studio.
Built formulas and metric to measure the KPI of Sales and Financial business processes.
Created cubes, dimensions and business critical KPI using SQL server Analysis Services representing aggregation in several different ways – hierarchy and using custom grouping that business will use to analyze performance.
Developed OLAP Cubes by using SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS), and defined data sources, data source views, Dimensions, Measures, Hierarchies, Attributes, Calculations using multi-dimensional expression (MDX), Perspectives and Roles.
I possess strong analytical skills, verbal and interpersonal skills. While building solutions, I have an eye for details.
Demonstrated leadership abilities and teamwork skills as well as ability to accomplish tasks under minimal direction and supervision.

Technical skills:
Technologies: SQL Server 2014 Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server 2014 Analysis Services (SSAS), SQL Server 2012 Reporting Services (SSRS), MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS Access, Tableau, Microsoft Power BI Desktop
Databases: MS SQL Server 2012 To 2016, Oracle, Access
Software: Visual Studio 2014, SQL Server Business Intelligence Development Studio, SQL Navigator, SQL Developer, TOAD,
Query languages: Oracle SQL/PL-SQL, T-SQL, My-SQL

Work History
Sherwin Williams Paints Ltd, Cleveland OH
Dec 2016 to present – BI Developer
My current projected is related to Oracle EMEA implementation of Supply chain and financial modules. SW is using multiple systems like System 21, Data File, Mainframe, Oracle, Microsoft and Custom home grown solutions and there was a business need for new BI reporting.
Technology used: MSBI (SQL Server management Studio) Visual Studio, SQL Server Data Tools, Power BI Desktop, Tableau, Excel Power pivot, SQL Server Queries
Job Responsibilities
I am currently working in the BI team as a BI Developer Supply chain and Financial Departments.
Working on complex Data sources from multiple systems.
Writing Business documentation i.e. Business Requirement Documentation, Data Conversion and Data Interface documentation.
Working with DBAs and data mining teams to access and extract the requisite data.
Filtering and cleaning the data. Identifying, analyzing and interpreting the Sales, Orders, Customer data Trends. Analyzing formulas and developing metric and verifying it with the business.
Delivering the user ready visualizations to the business clients.
Report development Highlights:
Collection department report for showing collection effectiveness report for all EMEA Countries which measures the collection effectiveness for different collection Groups worldwide. I am enhancing this report to understand the customer paying habits using different metric.
Developed a report for Credit Department to improve the efficiency of the orders which are on Credit hold. The reasons for Credit Hold and how to address them quickly to avoid the delay of orders. This report also measures the efficiency of the different credit teams across the globe.

Hess Corp. New York Jun 2015 TO Sep 2016
Jun 2015 to Sep 2016 – BI Developer
Technology: MS-SQL Server 2014, MS SQL Server Data Tools 2014(SSDT), Power BI, XML, MS office 2010, MS Excel, Tableau, Visual Studio 2010
Responsibilities:
Developed, maintained and managed all analytical and operational mission critical business reports for Finance department
Extracted and loaded historical data from different sources to SQL environment using SSIS
Built SSIS packages (.dtsx) involving ETL process and deployed them into different environments.
Implementing all high availability techniques like clustering, log shipping, replication.
Created different Power Pivot and Power BI reports as per the client requirement.
Generated Multidimensional cubes using SSAS and designing DW schemas.
Created ad hoc reports to users in Tableau by connecting various data sources.
Scheduling SSIS jobs to automate the processes using SQL Server Agent.
Responsible for creating and maintaining high-level design documentation considering future changes.
Report development Highlights:
Sales department reports showing which orders are stuck in the warehouse for several reasons. Like nonpayment, Item unavailability.
Worked on demand planning reports to understand the future demand of existing products and launching new products.
Customer claims and Channel revenue budgeting reports for settling the customer deduction due to various reasons.
Education
Msc.IT (Masters of Science in Information Technology) India.
Contact this candidate