Chu G
630-***-**** ac0lgz@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY
Motivated developer in the IT industry, with a wide array of technological expertise, focusing on database development/ BI development.
Strong knowledge of SDLC methodologies, excellent experience in gathering requirements, data analysis, design, development, implementation, testing.
Great understanding of RDBMS, Data Warehouse and Normalization/ Denormalization Techniques
Experience in Data Analysis and Data Modeling with several projects.
Expertise in SQL coding in Sub-Queries and Joins for complex queries involving multiple tables, excellent experience in creating stored procedures, views, triggers, indexes, etc. in various environments like MS SQL Server, Oracle, and MySQL.
Involved in Query Optimization and Performance Tuning using SQL Profiler and Database engine tuning advisor.
Proficient in Microsoft BI products, SSIS, SSAS, and SSRS, to complete ETL tasks, to building OLAP cubes, and to design & develop stylish and complex reports.
Familiar with other technologies, like Visual Studio, C#, Java, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JCL, Assembly, COBOL, CMS such as SharePoint, and version control tools such as TFS.
Experience in the production support, troubleshooting, and debugging of applications.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

MS SQL Server 2014/2012/2008, Oracle, MySQL, MS Access, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, Power View, Power BI, MS SQL Profiler, Database engine tuning advisor, SQL Developer, SQL Navigator, SQL* Plus, PL/SQL Developer, TOAD, SQL*Loader, Erwin, MS Visio, SharePoint, SAS, T-SQL, PL/SQL, C, C++, C#.net, XML, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Java, Assembly, JCL, COBOL

WORK EXPERIENCE

McDonald's Corporation – Oak Brook, IL November 2015 – April 2017
SQL developer \ BI developer

Developed and tuned T-SQL query and stored procedures to retrieve data, and provide views for clients as per their requirements
Responsible for production support, creating, analyzing and resolving incidents, and communicating with other teams when necessary
Worked with BA to analyze business requirements in order to identify and solve problems
Created SSIS packages to do ETL for data from multiple sources to ODS
Deployed ETL projects to SSISDB from TFS and configured SSIS packages using Environment Variables
Monitored jobs executing on SQL Server Agent, making sure they complete successfully, and looking into SQL queries, store procedures and/or SSIS packages for debugging when a job fails
Designed SSIS Packages to generate reports with MDM data and scheduled jobs to deliver to the client automatically periodically
Create, support and administer ETL/reports from Visual Studio 2012 on TFS
Work with off shore resources including training new resources and doing knowledge transfer
Maintain accurate and readable database development documentation

Ameriprise Financial Services Inc. – Minneapolis, MN November 2014-September 2015
Database Developer/ Mainframe Operator

Analyzed existing applications for database and prepared logic flow chart
Assisted gathering requirements from the internal customers, formulating logic which was added to the existing applications
Performed SQL /COBOL coding and testing of the new logic, and maintain the documentation
Worked with BA to gathered requirements from users and created spreadsheets and corresponding charts using PowerPivot accordingly.
Responsible for the development and ongoing delivery of a variety of SAS reports
Assisted Mainframe capacity planning and performance tuning to meet required levels of service in support of MF applications
Involved in modifying, testing and troubleshooting of a variety of existing Assembler and COBOL programs utilizing the appropriate software, and programming technology
Gathered requirements from directors and created spreadsheets and corresponding charts to monitor mainframe’s health, which was communicated to management, and other departments
Responsible for reaching out to venders to getting license keys of the software products installed in mainframe in order to ensure that DR tests/ machine upgrade could start on time

Cloudeeva, Inc. – Rolling Meadows, IL August 2012 – October 2014
Data Warehouse Developer / BI Developer

Assisted with the analysis, design and development of Data Mart in star schema model
Designed SSIS packages to export cleaned data to data warehouse from various sources: Excel Spreadsheets, Text files, CSV files, XML, MS Access and Oracle etc.
Modified and enhanced the existing SSIS packages to meet the changes specified by the users.
Developed Unit Test Plans for SSIS packages for checking the functionality of each component.
Created Cubes and populated them with Dimensions and Facts using SSAS.
Scheduled jobs using SQL Server Agent, and used Notification service to generate error messages and send them to the user through e-mails, and text messages.
Designed and deployed reports with using SSRS (e.g. Drilldown, Drillthrough, Linked reports), testing for quality and finally review with the customer to ensure the solution meets requirements.
Supported the efficient delivery of standard and ad-hoc reports with an emphasis on automating where possible.

Chongqing Communication Construction Group – Chongqing, China July 2011 - July 2012
Database Developer/ C# Developer

Worked closely with BA, DBA to analyze business model, gather project requirement, and translated user requirements into conceptual, logical and physical data models
Developed, modified, and optimized SQL queries to data retrieval and modification
Wrote custom SQL stored procedures and triggers to improve performance, preserve referential integrity, and provide additional application functionality
Extracted data from Oracle DB using Import Export Wizard in SQL Server Management Studio
Performed C# coding and testing of the new logic, and maintain the documentation
Developed complex SQL and PL/SQL queries
Documented the procedures and process

ChinaSoft International Limited – Beijing, China June 2010 – May 2011
Database developer

Assisted with database design, databases architectures (backup, mirroring, replication) and database optimization for application performance and reliability with Erwin and MS SQL Server
Involved in design, implementation and support of application implementation and customization using .Net C#
Performed database performance monitoring and tuning, troubleshoot database problems and incident investigation
Responsible for database maintenance, including data consistency, data integrity, data transfer and mitigation, etc. with SSIS and SQL Server Import and Export Wizard
Customize the database according to the definite need of the users
Provided systems training and technical support to users

Advanced Analytic Services – Beijing, China September 2009 - June 2010
Data Architect / BI Consultant

Worked with BA, technology and project team to understand business requirements, and assisted with the development of logical database design, data modeling and relational database definitions.
Involved in ETL process designing and development for SQL server/ Oracle databases, as well as for loading data into data warehouse.
Maintain integrity of existing SSIS package logic according to specifications.
Developed various SQL queries based on requirements of different projects.
Created reports using SSRS and deployed them on the server, responsible for the daily maintenance
Provided production support, responding to inquiries and issues from clients and handling different incidents.

EDUCATION

Master of Science in Computer Science
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science Northern Illinois University, DeKalb, IL
Beijing Jiaotong University, Beijing, China
Contact this candidate