SANGEETHA CHANDRAMOULESHWARAN
Redmond, WA ***** 423-***-**** ac1mta@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/sangeethac/
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
Senior Business Intelligence Developer with more than three years of experience in the data warehousing domain. Passionate about utilizing large sets of data and performing analysis, queries, integration, transformation, tuning, and creation of end user reports. Knowledgeable about SQL, Oracle, PostgreSQL, and UNIX scripting, as well as in advanced concepts such as table partitions and compression in Greenplum database. Maintain communication with clients to gather requirements, update on project status, and address issues. Fully authorized to work in the United States without sponsorship. TECHNICAL SKILLS
Languages/Technologies: SQL, PostgreSQL, UNIX Scripting, Object-oriented Programming using C++, Tableau
Databases: MS SQL Server, Greenplum, Oracle
Tools: Pentaho Data Integration, Informatica 9.0
Platforms: UNIX, Windows
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS, Bangalore, India
Senior Developer/Lead, May 2011 – Feb 2015
Focused on analysis, design, development, end-to-end testing, documentation, and implementation of applications in the data warehousing domain using Pentaho Data Integration 4.1. Developed ETL mappings, dimensional models, and root cause analysis, with primary involvement in the finance and delivery track (EIM). Coordinated with clients to identify and resolve problems.
Created reports using fusion charts and cross tab reports using Pentaho Report Designer.
Implemented views, stored procedures, and functions in Greenplum database.
Established password encryption in kettle properties file, which was used across different applications.
Rectified production and post-production issues by providing immediate code fixes.
Developed and documented test cases to ensure accurate, bug-free code.
Served as subject matter expert in ETL and data warehousing. Conducted training sessions for new hires in the Cognizant Academy, addressing the basics of data warehousing and ETL concepts. Key Projects:
Application Value Management (AVM) Analytics – EIM COE
Prepared project plan by gathering/analyzing client input and making recommendations accordingly.
Developed mappings to generate reports that demonstrated the value of a project by showing financial profits, usability, loss, revenue generated, etc.
Analyzed requirements, updated business users regarding project status, designed project workflow, and generated reports.
Managed team of five developers and provided guidance regarding ETL design and principles.
Balanced project priorities, allocated resources, and ensured on-time completion of tasks.
Achieved highly successful delivery, project was rated the most innovative for two consecutive years. Query Tracker – EIM COE
Designed and developed complete ETL workflow following source analysis.
Reviewed code for accuracy and documented details according to naming conventions.
Conducted unit testing, created UNIX scripts and scheduled jobs in the server. SANGEETHA CHANDRAMOULESHWARAN
Page 2-423-***-**** ac1mta@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS, Bangalore, India
Senior Developer/Lead, continued
Global Immigration and Travel (GIT) – EIM USA
Participated in data modeling. Created fact and dimension tables according to specifications.
Implemented complete ETL logic at query and job level, troubleshot data quality/performance issues.
Used Tortoise SVN version control.
Conducted gap analysis and requirements validation with on-site and off-site teams. Assure Revenue On Click (ARC) – EIM COE
Analyzed data input formats, designed ETL flow to meet business needs. Created tables/mappings.
Implemented PostgreSQL bulk loader, improving performance of data load by 30%.
Conducted performance tuning to drive improvements.
Performed unit testing.
Transitioned code into QA and production environment. EDUCATION
VELLORE INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY (VIT UNIVERSITY), Vellore, Tamil Nadu, India Master of Science in Software Engineering
Completed five-year integrated program
AWARDS
Internal awards from Cognizant Technology Solutions: Phoenix Award for excellence and creative thinking, Oct 2014 Rain Maker Award for outstanding performance, Jun 2013 Mavericks Award for best performer and spreading positive attitude across the team, Nov 2012
Contact this candidate