Russ Hascall
**** ****** ***** **. ** Olympia, WA 98502
206-***-**** ac2cz7@r.postjobfree.com

Senior Business Application Developer
Multi-Talented Professional with Deep Knowledge in Database and BI Reporting Solutions

Results-focused BI leader with demonstrated success in driving business decisions via innovative business reporting solutions. Team oriented individual with an aptitude for learning new skills quickly and a desire to exceed business expectations in a fast-paced environment. Keen ability to troubleshoot and resolve data quality issues. Excellent communication skills and an exceptional history of translating user functional requirements into comprehensive, value-added solutions.

TECHNICAL AND FUNCTIONAL CORE COMPETENCIES

SQL Server SSIS Transact-SQL Stored Procedures SSRS Reports SSAS/Cubes
VBA MS Applications Hadoop/Apache Hive (UI and CLI) Linux
Sharepoint Visio Tableau Power BI Excel and VBA Power User VBScript, C#, C++
Data Warehousing/Data Marts Dimensional Modeling Data Modeling
JavaScript OLAP Concepts Star/Snow Flake Schemas
Agile project management Quality assurance Project Planning and Management
Data ETL & Analysis Data Mining Documentation & Training

EXPERIENCE AND ACHIEVEMENTS

Expedia, Inc., Bellevue, WA 2013 – Present
American-based parent company to several online travel brands, over 10,000 partners.

Senior Database Developer
Responsible for design, development and deployment of high-quality global data and reporting solutions. Solutions include data integration (Hadoop, Teradata and SQL Server), data visualizations and dashboards (Tableau, Business Objects, and Aceyus), and self-service tools (SSAS cubes). Interact with all organization levels to gather business requirements.
Served as Agile team leader of cross-functional BI professionals and successfully delivered on several key BI reporting initiatives.
Key contributor to the DART (Data Architecture Redesign Team) in successful integration of business and report design requirements to the Hadoop platform.
tRecognized with Ecommerce Platform Group Impact Award for role in successfully implementing a self-serve booking dashboard application, saving support expenses for Expedia.
tReceived BI Employee of the Quarter award for lead role in successfully designing and deploying, a new data reporting warehouse, significantly reducing maintenance time and report discrepancies.
tOptimized existing SQL Agent jobs, stored procedures and views to improve readability and speed.
tParticipated in re-architecture and redesigning of databases to improve response time.
tResponsible for testing, implementation and management of data processes to support timely reporting to over 7,000 agents in 26 customer call centers worldwide.
tMaintained report delivery production on SQL Server platform by monitoring daily job processing, troubleshooting reported failures, testing and updating SQL code in SSIS to meet business requirements.
tServed as subject matter expert on telephony, booking, case management, other vertical platforms and business intelligence layers. Maintained metadata library in Sharepoint.



Hacker Agency, Seattle, WA 2008 – 2013
Global directing marketing agency with enhanced focus on customer relationship management (CRM).

Senior Business Analyst / Application Developer 2008 – 2013
Managed research and analysis projects. Conceptual design, requirements gathering, testing, auditing, data or application deployment. Provider of critical insight, collaborating with Account Management team based on analytical findings. Developed, deployed and maintained sustainable internal and client-facing BI solutions through Tableau and MS technology.
tProduced daily mail file to prospective AT&T customers identified as likely to purchase through troubleshooting and refining of key SSIS solutions.
tDeveloped Tableau dashboard charts/graphs with SQL table sources and procedures to track and measure direct mail campaign results for AT&T Wireless, which automatically updated weekly.
tRealized efficiency and cost savings by streamlining current data capture processes with Excel VBA macros.
tStreamlined file processing and automated delivery of client mail files to vendors via T-SQL and SSIS.
tCompany-wide subject matter expert on SQL Server, Visual Studio, Tableau, Excel business applications.

JP Morgan Chase Bank (formerly Washington Mutual), Seattle, WA 2003 – 2008
U.S. consumer and commercial banking

AVP, Database Marketing Manager
Managed campaign list execution and data solution projects in support of Mortgage Loan and Insurance direct marketing initiatives. Ensured on-time and accurate list execution for delivery to mail vendors, loan consultants and call centers. Collaborated with product strategy managers, technology teams and external vendors to support complex, corporate-wide direct marketing initiatives and execute campaigns via multiple distribution channels- mail, telemarketing, and email.
tLed team of offshore developers in the development of marketing lists for the execution of customer retention and cross-sell marketing campaigns. Managed monthly campaign task and workflow schedules.
tSupervised team of 4 campaign business analysts, managed prioritization of team work queue and ensured process documentation was maintained.
tLed cross-functional project team in the development of data requirements, testing, and evaluation for the acquisition of vendor demographic data to augment the Corporate Consumer Household Datamart.
tDeveloped streamlined SQL-based ETL to support complex direct marketing strategy requirements.
tPerformed data mining for troubleshooting and gaining insight into customer trends and propensity.
tIdentified key campaign analytics for optimal contact frequency, channel effectiveness and key response drivers.

Bank of America, Seattle, WA 1982 – 2002
U.S. consumer and commercial banking

Positions held: VP, Marketing Information Manager, Database Marketing Manager,
Sr. Applications Analyst

Managed campaign list execution and data solution projects in support of Mortgage Loan and Insurance direct marketing initiatives. Ensured on-time and accurate list execution for delivery to mail vendors, loan consultants and call centers. Collaborated with product strategy managers, technology teams and external vendors to support complex, corporate-wide direct marketing initiatives and execute campaigns via multiple distribution channels- mail, telemarketing, and email.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Arts, Finance, Seattle Pacific University, Seattle, WA, 1982
Contact this candidate