Venkateswara Rao Vangara
E-Mail: ac2dnu@r.postjobfree.com ac2dnu@r.postjobfree.com Mobile: 732-***-****
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

More than 7 years of experience in MS SQL Server 2008/2008R2/2012 and Teradata.
Experience in transforming complex business logic into Database design and maintaining with Relational Database Management Systems by using T-SQL features such as Stored Procedures, User Defined Functions, User defined data types, Triggers, Views, Constraints, cursors, Keys, Indexes, Data Import/Export and DTS.
Comprehensive experience in writing SQL Complex query, procedure and index’s performance tuning.
Experience in Analyzing Execution Plan and managing indexes, performance tuning and troubleshooting deadlocks.
Generated reports using SQL Server Reporting Services integrated them in web application, and deployed reports onto the web servers.
Migration of SSRS reports from SQL 2005 to SQL 2008 and SQL 2008 to SQL 2012.
Expertise in generating reports using SQL Server Reporting Services, Crystal Reports, and MS Excel spreadsheets and Power Pivot.
Good knowledge of SSRS architecture and Hands on experience in developing, deploying and managing parameterized reports and Linked reports, Sub reports, drilldown reports, drill through reports, ad-hoc reports and Crystal Reports with thorough knowledge of report service architecture. (Table, chart and matrix report) using SSRS.
Experience in creating Ad-hoc reports, data driven subscription reports by using Report Builder in SSRS.
Experience in configuring, scheduling reports for subscriptions on timely basis using SSRS report manager.
Loading data efficiently into MS SQL Database from various sources Oracle/Access/Excel Sheets to SQL Server 2005/2008 Oracle/Access/Excel Sheets to SQL Server 2005/2008 Oracle/Access/Excel Sheets to SQL Server 2005/2008 using tools such as Bulk Copy (BCP), Data Transformation Services (DTS).
Experience in creating and designing SSIS Packages for Integration in OLTP and Data Warehouse Environment and Migration of data from Excel, DB2, Sybase, Flat file, Oracle to MS SQL Server using BCP and DTS utility and extracting, transforming and loading of data using SSIS in MSBI and SSDT.
Experience in providing Logging, Error handling by using Event Handler, and Custom Logging for SSIS Packages.
Experience in Performance Tuning in SSIS packages by using Row Transformations, Block and Unblock Transformations
Scheduling and Monitoring ETL Processes using DTS Exec utilities and batch files.
Effective in working independently and collaboratively in team.

TECHNICAL SUMMARY

MySQL, Oracle 8i/9i/10g/11i, SQL Server 2000/2005/2008/2012, SQL, PL/SQL, T-SQL, SSIS, SSRS, D3JS
HDFS, Map Reduce, Pig, Hive, Sqoop, Zookeeper, Oozie, Hue, and Flume
Hbase, Cassandra, Mongo DB
Visual Studio, Toad, SQL Server Management Studio, TFS, VSS, GitHub
C#.NET, ASP.NET,ADO.NET, Java, HTML, XML
Linux, Unix, Windows 8

CERTIFICATIONS
Exam ID
Description
Microsoft`s 70-461
Querying Microsoft SQL Server 2012/2014
Microsoft`s 70-433
TS: Microsoft SQL Server 2008, Database Development
Microsoft`s 70-463
Implementing a Data Warehouse with Microsoft SQL Server 2012/2014

WORK EXPERIENCE

Argus Infor & Advisory Services LLC, White Plains, NY April-2016 to Present
Role: SQL/BI Developer
Project Description: Paypal Credit EDW
Argus provides services to support clients with all portfolio and product merger and acquisitions activity. Argus offers a full pallette of services including data conversions, settlement reporting, data splitting for partial portfolio sales, merger and acquisitions economic analyses/forecasting, data feeds for downstream platforms and rapid bootstrapping of new regulatory submissions. Argus enables clients to optimize the merger and acquisitions activity by avoiding costly time delays and ensuring high data quality.

Responsibilities:
Prepared Mapping document for Target DB corresponds to different sources such as Oracle, SQL Server, Teradata
Created numerous complex queries including self-joins and correlated sub queries for diverse business requirements.
Created complex Stored Procedures, Functions, Indexes, Tables, views for DataWarehouse, and used profiler to improve performance of queries.
Prepared B-TEQ scripts for ETL Process taking PL/SQL, T-SQL as reference to import/export data
Involved in technical meetings on how to prepare and optimize the implementation process effectively.
Consolidated all the scripts as per module and make them available for production release.
Created stored procedure for generating reports using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).
Involved in checking various Performance issues using RS objects of the reports in SSRS and in data and integrity issues.
Configured and maintained Report Manager and Report Server for SSRS.
Designed and implemented Parameterized and cascading parameterized reports using SSRS
Responsible for stylish design layout like Pie charts and Graphs
Environment: Informatica, PL/SQL, MS SQL Server 2008, Teradata, T-SQL, B-TEQ scripts, SSRS

Mirabel Technologies, Fort Lauderdale, FL Dec-2013 to march-2016
Role: MS SQL/BI Developer
Project Description: Magazine Manager
The Magazine Manager is the most Comprehensive Magazine Management software platform designed for the Magazine Industry serving more than 10,000 magazines, websites, newspapers, events and publications worldwide. It is the magazine industry’s most comprehensive magazine management software platform. Our package includes a CRM (customer relationship management), Ad/Order Entry System, Billing System, Production Management System, and Circulation Management tools for publishers. Mirabel's Digital Studio allows publishers to paginate their magazines with production data residing in The Magazine Manager.

Responsibilities:
Develop and deploy SSRS in support of delivering reports and metrics to customers, users and executives
Created numerous simple to complex queries including self-joins and correlated sub queries for diverse business requirements.
Created complex Stored Procedures, Triggers, Functions, Indexes, Tables, Views and other T-SQL code and SQL joins, verified the execution plan, and used the profiler to improve performance of the database.
Researched the current updates and improvements in the corporate and ensured that the database system updated accordingly.
Generated Crystal reports using Reporting Services integrated and deploying them using web applications onto the SharePoint web servers in Data Modeling in Business Objects
Utilize SSIS to develop ETL mechanisms to populate the CMDB with data from multiple sources including event management, ERP/MRP and discovery components
Created report models for ad hoc reports when the end user wants to see the reports on fly in SQL Server Reporting Services
Worked with Project Managers to deliver key deliverables to be incorporated into project plan
Deploy code and database objects in strict accordance with change management procedures.
Experience in building SSIS packages (.dtsx) involving ETL process, extracting data from various flat files, Excel files, legacy systems and loading into SQL server.
Hands on experience working with SSIS, for ETL process ensuring proper implementation of Event Handlers, Loggings, Checkpoints, Transactions and package configurations.
Created SSIS/DTS packages to copy tables, schemas and views and to extract data from Excel and Oracle.
Designed ETL packages dealing with different data sources (SQL Server, Flat Files, and XMLs etc.) and loaded the data into target data sources by performing different kinds of transformations using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS).
Involved creating detailed documentation for the migration, creation of data warehouse and all other tasks.
Environment: Oracle, PL/SQL, MVC, .NET, MS SQL Server 2008, MS SQL Reporting Services (SSRS) MS SQL Analysis Services 2008 (SSIS), Share Point Server, MS Excel, Windows Server 2003.

Client: Verizon, NJ Apr-2012 to Aug-2013
Role: Senior Engineer
Project Description: Customer Insight
Customer Insight group supports the data warehousing application of the Marketing and Sales organization (Wholesale). CI contains more detailed view of the products the customer has ordered including the relevant equipment information and specific rates/charges, which are assessed on that month’s bill. CI is being used by the organization to identify opportunities to increase revenue and market share and to develop deal analysis capabilities. Bill section – is a consolidated view of all of the customer’s account and includes the balance due, details of MRCs (monthly recurring charges), OC&Cs, Adjustments, Usage Charges, Taxes, and Surcharges.
Responsibilities:
Designed DTS packages to migrate the data from DB2 to the ETL tier.
Participated in designing Logical data models for the Data Warehouse.
Participated in implementing the logical design to the physical design by creating tables.
Transferred flat files from different sources to the ETL tier by using BCP.
Created/reallocated database objects on appropriate file group to ease maintenance and improve data access performance.
Increased query performance, necessary for statistical reporting by more than 25% after performing monitoring, tuning, and Optimizing Indexes tasks by using Performance Monitor, Profiler, and Index tuning wizard.
Reviewed the existing stored procedures and improved efficiency by critically evaluating the code.
Automated various processes by scheduling the packages using SSMS Scheduler and third party tools.
Experience in working on different kinds of reports Parameterized Reports, Linked Reports, CrossTab Reports, Mailing Label Reports and Ad hoc reports.
Deploying and scheduling Reports using SSRS to generate all daily, weekly, monthly and quarterly Reports including current status.
Experience in extracting the data from SQL Server and using XML and present it in XML format for developers.
Experience in writing SQL Queries for pulling large volume of records from Facets and claims database using stored procedures, and Extraction Transformation and Loading (ETL) process using SSIS.
Extensively designed the packages and Data Mapping using Control flow task, Sequence container task, Dataflow Task, Execute SQL Task, Data conversion task, Derived Column task and Script Task in SSIS Designer.
Environment: MS-SQL Server 2012/2008 R2/2008 Enterprise Manager, MS Business intelligence (BIDS) [SSIS, SSRS], MS Visual Studio 2010/2008, SharePoint Server 2010, MS Visio 2010, MS-Office 2010, XML, Windows Server 2008, TFS 2010.

Tarantula.net, Hyderabad, India Feb-2011 to Apr-2012
Role: SQL Developer
Client: VIOM
Project Description: www.americantower.com
American Tower helps network providers and infrastructure roll out companies by facilitating the process of infrastructure roll out and sharing – right through the acquisition and build stages. Rollout Project Management is an application that helps in managing and tracking the projects related to cell site rollout – from pre-rollout to post-rollout. It helps users manage and complete site rollout and sharing projects on time through effective monitoring, managing and tracking of the projects at each stage. The application also gives a clear view of the project costs and also whether the necessary regulatory approvals are secured.
Responsibilities:
Created databases objects using T-SQL, scripts, stored procedures views and DTS.
Designed Logical and Physical data models using ERWIN data modeling tool.
Created complex Stored Procedures, Functions, DTS packages, Triggers, Cursors, Tables, Views, Indexes and other SQL joins and statements for applications.
Developed Tabular, drill down, parameterized, Linked Reports, cascaded and sub-reports using SSRS.
Generated Reports using Global Variables, Expressions and Functions based on the requirements in SSRS 2005.
Used Query Analyzer, Index Wizard, DB Engine Tuning advisor and SQL Profiler for performance tuning.
Created Complex SQL Queries using Views, Indexes, Triggers, Roles, Stored procedures and User Defined Functions.
Experience in migrating Visual source safe (VSS) repository to Team foundation server (TFS).
Generated MS SQL Server tasks such as data loading, batch jobs, BCP, DTS, Instances, Linked Servers and Indexes.
Compressed data files by removing empty database pages and updating index statistics.
Managed and monitored the system utilization.
Developed SQL audits to analyze and capture any data discrepancies during production cycles.
Successfully, developed packages that have dynamic configuration and Error event handling using On Error, SSIS Logging and has Failure email notification as well as storing SSIS error log into tables.
Formulated High Level Design and develop model.
Involved in upgrading process from DTS to SSIS.
Environment: MS SQL Server Management Studio 2005/2008, Query Analyzer, SQL Profiler, Index Tuning Wizard, MS SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), MS SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), DB2, Microsoft Visual Source Safe (VSS), SharePoint MOSS, Oracle9i, XML, ASP.Net, Windows 2003/2000, TFS.

E Mobile Security Systems Global Pvt Ltd, Hyderabad, India Jan–2009 to Feb-2011
Role: Software Engineer
Project Description: www.mindwireless.com
MindWireless delivers the wireless optimization and management services for big companies who provide wireless service to their employees, to keep their wireless costs low and their usage in control. Using business improvement processes and framework, MindWireless adapts each corporate wireless telecom expense management program to meet the unique needs of each unique client. The website is a framework (portal) which will be customized the application according to the client. The application has interface to view the monthly usage (Device Numbers) summary report, Activate and deactivate international SIM, update or change the mobile device, Termination of the service, Purchase Devices, Change/update/modify Accessories of Devices, Change/Modify the Carriers (Service Providers), Enroll Device Numbers and so on.

Responsibilities:
Installation of SQL Server on Development and Production Servers, setting up databases, users, roles and permissions.
Responsible for all technical SQL Server database operations, Administration, ongoing development for various in-house databases.
Designed and Developed Database Objects like Tables, Stored Procedures, Triggers, Rules, Defaults, user defined data types, dynamic scripts and functions for this project.
Created Indexes to get the high level performance.
Performing the ETL operations to support the data loads and transformations using SSIS.
Involved in migration from Oracle to SQL Server 2005 using SSIS.
Generation of reports from the cubes by connecting to Analysis server from SSRS.
Used SQL Profiler for troubleshooting, Monitoring, Optimizing SQL Server and T-SQL statements from developers and testers.
Maintained databases, performed software installations and upgrades, monitored Database Performance.
Implemented automated backup and database maintenance / cleanup jobs.
Managing Logins, Users, Roles and User permissions.
Running Trace from the Profiler to trouble shoot database and running DBCC consistency checks for other database maintenance aspects.
Created and scheduled jobs for various tasks and also was responsible for maintaining jobs.
Worked in ASP.NET Web forms, State management and Caching feature.
Used .NET provider Data Reader Source Task to Read from RDBMS sources.
Created data-related documentation (e.g., file descriptions and definitions, entity relationships and attributes, etc.).
Managed Database files, transaction log and estimated space requirements.
Involved in Performance Tuning, Query Optimization, Database consistency checks using DBCC utilities.
Involved implementing Disaster Recovery for minimal downtime using different types of database backups, restore, and replication.
Involved in installation, upgrade and configuration of Microsoft SQL Server and databases.
Environment: SQL Server 2000/2005, Query Analyzer, SSIS 2005, T-SQL, Excel, Microsoft SQL Reporting Services 2005 (SSRS), Windows 2000/XP, Oracle 7.0, ASP.Net
Contact this candidate