Cuong (Andy) Nguyen / US Citizen
Katy, TX ***** 281-***-**** ac2gpy@r.postjobfree.com

Application system Analyst / Document control Administrator
Areas of Emphasis: Systems & Software Development, IT Project Management

Information Technology Specialist with 18+ years of experience in Database Development, Data Analysis, Business Analyst, Document Control Management and other roles within the IT industry seeking a new opportunity.
Extensive experience providing technical leadership and administrative, programmatic, and systems support for IT programs, software and hardware operations, services integration, and business needs requirements. Well-developed skills overseeing all phases of the software development life cycle and analyzing, designing, developing, coding, testing, installing, implementing, and supporting new and existing software applications.

Areas of Expertise

IT & SQL Developer Tools
Data Analysis
Microsoft SQL Reporting SSRS/SSIS
Database Design & Implementation
Oracle PL SQL & Scripts, TOAD, STAT
SharePoint 2013 Power user, Administration
Web Application Development with ColdFusion, Administrator
Object-Oriented Programming
SQL Server Management Studio
Microsoft Power BI Desktop,
Microsoft Report Server, Azure Data Studio, Excel4Apps, DocuSign
Office 365, Adobe Create Suite

Professional Experience

Diamond Offshore Drilling (DO), Houston TX July 2001 – April 2020

Application Systems Analyst / Document Control Supervisor

Business Analyst
Provided overall technical and administrative strategies and direction to meet organizational goals and objectives of developing new IT technologies and applying the latest IT developments.
Provided technical and administrative, programmatic, and systems support for IT department, software and hardware operations, services integration, and business needs requirements.
Analyzed business processes, assessed technology integration, and made recommendations to upper management to improve the security of information systems and ensure error-free products.
Created, maintained, and oversaw the software development life cycle for all projects and deliverable to ensure compliance, including post-implementation maintenance and process evaluation for future releases.
Planned, scheduled, coordinated, and managed team projects.
Provided project updates to the stakeholders, project sponsor, steering committee, and other management.
Conducted analyses and recommended resolutions to complex issues in projects, programs, or systems.
Analyzed and refined systems requirements, translated systems requirements into application prototypes, planned and designed systems architecture, and evaluated new applications software technologies
Worked with stakeholders to analyzed business processes and data need for business reports.

BI Developer
Developed data models and compelling reports that accurately measure outcomes of business processes across the organization.
Developed business requirements as a result of client engagements and business issues.
Developed data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
Worked with management team to outline specific data needs in order to drive Lean and process improvement activities.
Queries and validates data across multiple data sources with a strong focus on data integrity and security.
Identified issues, activities, and solutions employing industry best practices.
Conducted end user training for key BI systems and reporting applications as needed.
Reviewed and UAT systems for conformance to functional and performance requirements.
Interfaced with business leaders and IT teams to ensure projects and systems are delivered to end user satisfaction

Document Control Management
Designed, configured, and administrated document management system features, such as user interfaces, access profiles, and document workflow procedures.
Assisted in the development of document or content classification taxonomies to facilitate information capture, search, and retrieval.
Implemented scanning or other automated data entry procedures, using imaging devices and document imaging software.
Implemented electronic document processing, retrieval, and distribution systems in collaboration between multiple departments.
Administered document and system access rights and revision control to ensure security of system and integrity of master documents.
Searched electronic sources, such as databases or repositories, or manual sources for data analytics.
Developed, reviewed, prepared support documentation and training materials for end users of document management systems.

SharePoint
Worked with Consultants to design Diamond Offshore Intranet sites using SharePoint 2013 Professional, Nintex Workflow.
Administrated SharePoint farms, User Profile Sync to Active Directory, Surveys, and Web Services Applications.
Set up team sites, blogs, document libraries, custom apps, timer jobs, search configuration for SharePoint 2013.
Created Training Portal with SharePoint to allow offshore employee to review requirement, training history and on-line training.

Database
Designed and created tables, stored procedures, views, scheduled tasks, triggers and developed reports in SQL Server Reporting Services.
Used excel to connect to external data such as SQL server, Integrations Services Server to generate the reports or using raw data to display custom reports, pivots tables, charts and graphs to be used by various departments and customers.
Designed interface table to gap between multiple database platforms

Help Desk
Delivered technical Helpdesk support to end-users of proprietary software and hardware, answered questions about applications and systems, and resolved user problems.
Monitor the help desk tickets system and assign the tickets to the appropriate departments.
Reported, responded to, and resolved customer requests.
Managed the day-to-day support and maintenance of software applications in accordance with approved policies and procedures, ensured IT system compliance with regulatory requirements.

Promesa Inc., Austin, TX May 1998 – July 2001

Database Reporting & Administrator
Developed reports and Ad Hoc reports with MS SQL report tools, SSIS package.
Worked with customers to gather the requirements, analyzed the data needs and built the reports.
Worked with clients and project manager to gather the requirements to create the intranet and internet and SQL reports.
Created the multiple applications for vendors, applicants, and managers to use with SQL scripts, DTS package, SSIS, Crystal Report
Troubleshoot SQL Servers export/import reports and queries

Education, Certifications & Training
Missouri University of Science and Technology – Bachelor of Science Degree in Civil Engineer

University of Texas – Austin – Continue Education in Computer Science / Programming

Microsoft Certificates of Achievement: Designing & Implementing Database with Microsoft SQL Server 2008/2012,

Certificate of Achievement in advance ColdFusion development, SharePoint 2013 Administrator Training

DocuWare – Document Control Management Manager Training

Technical Skills

Microsoft Power BI, Microsoft SSRS/SSIS, SharePoint 2010/2013 Administration, Microsoft SQL Server
ColdFusion 2018 Web Developer, ColdFusion Administration, Adobe Create Suite
DocuWare Digital Document Management, DocuWare Server Administrator
Excel4Apps, Kflipfolio, DucuSign Design & Administration
T-SQL scripts, PL SQL, TOAD, STAT, JavaScript, jQuery
Contact this candidate