Professional Summary
*+ Years of experience as Sr. Database Developer, Datawarehouse and BI Developer, Application Administrator and Data Analyst while working on Oracle DB, Unix and Data Warehouse & Business Intelligence platforms in analyzing, designing, developing and implementing different products using software models like Waterfall, Agile.
Very proficient in Database concepts like Oracle RDBMS, Normalization, SQL Tuning and Optimization. Technically proficient in RICEW (Reports, Interfaces, Conversions, Extensions, Workflow) Concepts.
Extensive coding experience in PL/SQL programming components, Data objects, Exception Handling, File Operations and various Inbuilt Packages / Interfaces in Oracle.
Highly experienced in Application Data Migration / Transformation and proficient in data handling processes using tools like SQL* Loader, Import / Export and Conventional / Direct load / Fast load ETL techniques.
Extensive coding experience in Unix Shell scripting gained through developing File / Process monitoring scripts, scripts for data manipulation / loading, job scheduling.
Expertise in Development / Customization of Reporting Module using various reporting tools like Oracle Reports, Crystal Reports, Tableau, SAS.
Experience in design, development, testing, implementation and support of multiple DataMart in Enterprise data warehouse using various data models like Star, Snowflake schema models.
Well experienced with Informatica, in handling huge volumes of data in a Data warehouse for various ETL processes spanning over multiple systems with multiple source to target mappings and complex transformations.
Gained very good hands on experience in Analyzing the huge volumes of data, Source to Target mappings and generating reports using SAS, to improve various business process in an Enterprise
Worked extensively on the Teradata Software to extract / load huge datasets based on the Business requirements in an Enterprise Data warehouse environment and used multiple functionalities available with it like querying, programming, loading.
Built multiple code bases in Python, C# and C++ for various Application layers in multiple projects.
Worked as a Team Lead and handled a team of 20 people successfully to maintain, support, customize and implement multiple business transformations, which has provided the rare opportunity to understand the holistic view of the Enterprise level application Implementation and Maintenance that span across multiple systems and software.
Creation of Implementation and Deployment processes for various development initiatives using multiple technologies like Shell scripting, Oracle programming, Python coding.
Worked extensively on forward and reverse engineering processes to support various software products.
Worked on all the aspects of Technical design, development and documentation of various critical business processes with Full Life-cycle implementations and various Testing phases.
Skills
Programming Languages
:
SQL, PL/SQL, Shell Scripting, Python, C# Dotnet, C, C++
Software Products
:
Oracle, Teradata, Unix / Linux, Informatica 10.1, SAS, Tableau, IBM WAS 8.0, Microsoft Visual Studio
Domain Skills
:
CommsDesk, Tele Communications, Credit Cards, Core Banking, IDM, OSM
Software Applications
:
Prime-5.0, Finacle-10 CBS, OSM, UIM, EMRI
Other Software Tools
:
SQL*Plus, GitHub, VSTS, SVN, ClearCase, WinSCP, Toad, SQL Developer, Putty, Secure CRT, Teradata Studio 15.10
Linguistic Skills
:
English, German (Sr. level).
Experience Details
1. Pollux Consultancy Services LLC Maryland Heights, MO, USA
Sr. BI & DWH Developer and Data Analyst July’16 - Till Date

Working for a major US Telecommunications client that uses a Order and Service Management system, which feeds on the input from various Billing and Inventory systems that serves the organisational purposes to support the Cable and Internet applications though various channels.
Key Responsibilities:
Development of Work flows to handle the Basic and Billing Entitlements for various Controllers using ETL tools from a Staging DB to the Datamar and between different Datamarts using scheduled jobs.
Designing and Implementation of new requirement in Agile methodology to process the Channel Lineup Information using Shell Scripts, Oracle PLSQL functionalities and Oracle inbuilt packages like utl_file, utl_raw, utl_xml, dbms_lob, etc
Designed, developed, enhanced and automated the scripts in Unix Shell scripting to validate the input files, to send out notifications, to load NearRealTime(NRT) data using features like AWK, Named Pipes, Traps, functions, mailf
Development of CommsDesk Dashboard using different source systems like IVR, Call Center, Call Tracker, Realm, Remedy.
Worked on the different reporting requirements for the CommsDesk dashboard using Tableau.
Data Analysis and generation of reuasble code templates using SAS to handle the business requirements.
Design and Development of Customer Privacy Preferences Datamart. Which harbors enterprise level Customer OptOuts and acts as interface between the Billing and Marketing branches. Intergrates data from multiple source databases like IVR, Call Center, Billing and Marketing.
Environment: Linux, Oracle, Teradata, Informatica, SAS, Tableau, WinSCP, GitHub, SQL Developer, Putty.

2. Capgemini Financial Services USA Inc. Chicago, IL, USA
Sr. DWH Developer and System Analyst Aug’10 - Jul’16

Started as a Sr. Developer and grew to Team Lead and worked in multiple projects for multiple clients spread across multiple Financial, Banking and Credit card domains. Gained tremendous experience and exposure in different levels of SDLC.
Key Responsibilities:
Successfully migrated multiple systems from legacy Databases or Softwares to new or upgraded software versions.
Successfully delivered the scheduled monthly and quarterly release cycles, software version upgradation for various Banking and Card products.
Worked on development of Customization of software products using Waterfall and Agile Methodologies.
Setting up of Parameters, Metadata and Implementation data using Oracle tools like Import / Export or SQL * Loader.
Customised batch job scheduling using Autosys based on clients requirement which includes
1.Outbound / Inbound file handling using Shell scripting and Oracle File handling functionalities.
2.Developing the jobs to handle the core functionalities using oracle composite objects like Collections, VARRAYS, Nested tables, Index by arrays.
3.Developing the queing processes using Oracle stream functionality.
Worked on Development of new reports, Customization of existing reports, Migration of reporting modules from old platform to Oracle 10g.
Gained expertise in optimising Oracle scripts by tuning SQLs or PLSQL code through various preformance improving techniques like indexes, stats,optimised explain plans.
Developing automated notifications/reports to increase the efficiency of monitoring tasks using unix shell scripting, Oracle file handling techniques and Tableau.
Worked on development and support of Operational Data Store(ODS) and Enterprise Datawarehouse modules using Informatica, shell scripting and Autosys as job scheduler that interacts with various upstream and downstream systems like Informix, Teradata & MySQL
Environment: Oracle, Unix, Teradata, AutoSys, Tableau, SAS, Toad, WAS8.0, WinSCP, GitHub, ClearCase, SVN, LotusNotes.

3. Satyam Computer Services Hyderabad, AP, India
Sr. Database Developer Jun’07 – Dec’09

Joined as a Fresher and grew to be a strong team player. Worked for a unique Emergency and Healtcare management system built from scratch, integrating multiple systems into a single platform to provide exceptional serrvices to the public.
Key Responsibilities:
Worked extensively on Unix and Oracle9i to build the different business scenarios for the Call Center network.
Good coding experience in Python, C++ and C#.Net while implementing multiple algorithms for Speaker Recognition system.
Gained thorough knowledge in Oracle RDBMS concepts like Normalization, Data Modeling, Data Integration, Database Desinging.
Got a very good exposure in Oracle SQL and PLSQL programming and tuning the code for optimum response time and gaine understanding of numerous concepts in Database domain like Parsing, Optimization, Explain Plan, Cost, Transactions, Locks, Sessions.
Prepared various business solution documents and presentated the same to potential customers.
Acquired good knowledge and experience in different stages of SDLC and office tools like MS-word & Excel while documenting the requirements
Environment: Oracle, Unix, Visual studio-2005, VSTS, Python, C#.NET, C++, MySQL.
Personal Details:
Nationality
:
INDIAN
Date of Birth
:
01-MAY-1986
Education Qualification
:
2007 Graduate from JNTU in B.Tech (ECE Engg.)
Visa Details

Visa Type
:
H1-B
Date of first Entry into US
:
29-June-2014
Certifications
o(1Z0-007) Introduction to Oracle9i:SQL
o(1Z0-147) Oracle9i: Program with PL/SQL

Maryland Heights, St. Louis,
Missouri, USA
VijayKrishna Masimukku
ac2t0i@r.postjobfree.com
Mo: +1-224-***-****
Contact this candidate