SUBODH T
email: ac3yxu@r.postjobfree.com
D***, **0 N Mathilda Ave, Sunnyvale, CA-94085

PROFESSIONAL SUMMERY

* ***** ** ******** ********** experience with extensive experience working with Business Intelligence data visualization tools with specialization on Tableau.
Experience in Installation, Configuration and administration of Tableau Server in a multi-server and multi-tier environment including AWS.
Introduced Tableau to Client’s to produce different views of data visualizations and presenting dashboards on web and desktop platforms to End-user and help them make effective business decisions.
Administered user, user groups, and scheduled instances for reports in Tableau and documented upgrade plan from Tableau 8.1 to 10.3.
Expertise in Software Design, Development, Integration, Implementation and Maintenance of Business Intelligence and Database Platforms.
Resourceful, Analytical, and detail-driven with wide range of skills and implementation experience.
Excellent team worker, leader and mentor, thrives in pressure and challenging working environment.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Database Tools
Reporting tools Tableau, Big Query, Query Analyzer, SQL Profiler, Data Transformation Services.
RDBMS
MariaDB, MS SQL Server, MS Access, Snowflake, Smartsheet, Service now.
Programming Languages
SQL,, C, C#, MATLAB, FEKO
ETL
Data Transformation Services (DTS), SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), Spotfire, Qlikview, Informatica

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Genesys Inc, Daly City, CA Aug 2017 - Present
Tableau-BI developer

AWS Installation and Configuration of Tableau Server 10.3 and 10.4 test and production environment.
Created customized administrative views using Postgres SQL Tableau server as process of pre-existing Tableau server cleanup process.
Created insight portal for executive team.
Experience in redesigning and development of Tableau visualization for business users.
Solving tickets raised by users, Designing Technical document for the business users.
Writing queries, stored procedure and events in Snowflake and MySQL
Connect already existing dashboards to Snowflake and salesforce DB directly.
Design Tableau visualization by connecting Smartsheet and service now.
Performed Tableau Administrator roles.

Vantage Data Centers, Santa Clara, CA May 2016- July 2017
Sr. Tableau Architect

Installation and Configuration of Tableau Server 9.3 and 10.2 test and production environment.
Experience in designing and development of Tableau visualization solutions and Created Technical document on top of BRI document for the business users.
Building, publishing customer interactive reports and dashboards using live data, Extract data on Tableau Server.
Interacted with Business Analysts and Data Modelers and defined Mapping documents and Design process for various Sources and Targets.
Writing queries, stored procedure and events in MySQL and Maria DB.
Connect to MySQL and Maria DB directly, created the dimensions, hierarchies, and levels on Tableau desktop.
Creating users, groups, projects, and Data connections as a tableau administrator.
Involved in creating dashboards and reports in Tableau 9.3,10.1 and Maintaining server activities, user activity, and customized views on Server Analysis.

Motorola Mobility, Sunnyvale, CA Oct 2015 – May 2016
Sr. Tableau Developer
Working with team of developers designed, developed and implement a BI solution for Sales, Product and Customer KPIs.
Developed Tableau workbooks to perform year over year, quarter over quarter, YTD, QTD and MTD type of analysis.
Gather data from different data sources like Google Big Query, MySQL, Excel and Mongo DB.
Performed Extract, Transform and Load to brushing the data using Informatica and SQL.
Performed ETL on raw data using Informatica and Talend.
Involved in creating Dashboards using Tableau Desktop (8.1 to 9.2), Tableau Server, and created reports in SAP BO.
Developed visualizations using sets, Parameters, Calculated Fields, Dynamic sorting, Filtering, Parameter driven analysis, trends and drill downs along with user level security.

Ni Logic Pvt. Ltd., Pune, India July 2011 - July 2013
Sr. Tableau Developer
Read business user requirements, analyzed data, and designed software solutions in Tableau Desktop based on the requirements.
Built and published interactive reports and dashboards using Tableau Desktop and Tableau Server.
Created pie and bar charts and combined them into dashboards to show top content viewed by customers in each category including sports and news channels allowing interaction between the two charts for drill down analysis.
Analyzed data from various databases and formatted it into graphs using Tableau Desktop.
Developed geographic maps showcasing demographics broken into age, race, and income category that showed content viewed by individual customers across all content providers.
Developed parameter and dimension based reports, drill-down reports, matrix reports, charts, and Tabular reports using Tableau Desktop.
Presented, interacted, and communicated with business and user groups for explaining the dashboards that I have created with the ability to change and view the data on the fly.

Defense Research development organization, Chandigarh, India May 2010 - May 2011
Internship
Write Queries on MySQL workbench and Perform reporting.
Conduct data mining, data modeling, statistical analysis using Informatica.
Created visually impactful dashboards in Excel and Tableau for data reporting by using pivot tables.
Used quantitative data gathered to develop an understanding, demographics and lifecycle of Defense products.

California State University, Fresno, CA Aug 2013 - May 2015
Master of Science in Electrical Engineering
GPA: 3.46
Punjab Technical University, India Aug 2007 - May 2011
Bachelor of Technology in Electronics & Communication Engineering
GPA: 3.72
Contact this candidate