Thilaga Sukumar
972-***-**** (R) / 214-***-**** ©
ac4arn@r.postjobfree.com

Data Analyst / Business Intelligence Analyst
Summary of Experience:

Over Seven years of experience in Information Technology Business Objects Analyst/Data Analyst including project planning and management, software analysis and also designing, developing and deploying Data warehouse.
Experience in all phases of the project life cycle.
Experienced in OLAP tools Business Objects.
Designed, Deployed, Optimized Universes using Business Objects Designer
Created complex and sophisticated Business Objects Reports (Webi &Deski) and Dashboard Reports that had multiple tabs and multiple data providers, drilldown, slice and dice features using Business Objects(Reporter) and Tableau,
Proficient in SQL, PL/SQL, Procedures/Functions, Triggers and Packages using complex joins and volatile tables.
Experience in Client/Server Technology and RDBMS. Including 5 years of strong experience using Business Objects 5x/6x,XI vR2/XI vR3 Web Intelligence
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Expertise in Implementing Complex Business rules by creating robust mappings and reusable transformations using Informatica Power Center 7 x/8x.
Managed and delivered large and complex assignments within time/cost and service level parameters

Technical Skills:

OLAP: Business Objects 5x/ 6x,XIvR2,XIvR3 ( Designer, Reporter), Web Intelligence 2.7/6.0,Tableau
ETL Tools: Informatica Power Center 5.x/6.x/7x
RDBMS: Teradata, Oracle 9i/8i/8.0/7.x, SQL SERVER, DB2 and MS Access
Data Modeling: Erwin 3.5.2, 4.0
Languages: SQL, PL/SQL, VB 6, ASP, HTML, C and C++,Python
Operating Systems: Windows 95/98/2000/NT, Sun Solaris 5.8/6.0/7.0

Capital One, Tx July’10 – Present
Business Intelligence Analyst

Capital One is a diversified bank that offers broad array of financial products and services to consumers, small businesses, Home Loans (mortgage and Home equity) and Auto Loans. I have worked in the Mortgage for the Origination, CRA and Marketing and Research team as a Data Analyst as well as Business Objects developer in creating many numbers of adhoc and customized reports with the business requirements. My responsibilities are

Analyzed massive and highly complex data sets, performing ad-hoc data analysis, data manipulation and data profiling.
Generated reports using Business Objects, Tableau reporting system to extract data for analysis using different functionalities based on the analysis.
Worked on complex information model, logical relationships, and the data structures.
Involved in creation of Universes for the multidimensional data analysis. Assisted in
defining, documenting, designing and configuring reporting solutions.
Advanced Report development using Webi . Experience building drillable as well as linked reports
Complete data audits and evaluations within core systems, Identify and resolve complex
Issues
Experience in writing complex SQL queries in Teradata, Oracle and SQL Server for the data analysis to resolve the data issues and data qualities.
Worked on the tuning and optimization of SQL queries on huge dataset to improve the performance of the complex queries.
Understanding and creating the Physical and logical data flow diagrams as per the business requirement.
Experience in Data warehousing applications and data analytics involving structured and unstructured data

Environment: Business Objects 5.x/6.x/XI (Universe, Designer, Business Objects,Webi), Broadcast Agent 5.1.1, Crystal Reports, Infomatica 7,Windows 2000/NT, Teradata, Oracle 8i, SQL, PL/SQL, SQL*Plus.

ATT Mobility, Plano TX May’ 08 – May’09
Data Analyst
AT&T is one of the World’s leading provider of communications services to businesses and top United States provider of Wireless high speed Internet Access and long distance services. I was working for the Data Quality team involving in the Data Audits, Table Scoring. The project is basically to create a metadata Application which will be useful for the users to know about the different applications Used in the whole organization .My job responsibilities includes

Conducted workflow, process diagram and gap analysis to derive requirements for existing systems enhancements.
Worked along with the data modeling architects to develop physical and logical data modeling.
Involved in Data cleansing, Business rules and data profiling as per the organization standards.
Created intricate reports and dashboards on Business Objects Reporter and webi module for the Data Auditing with the source data.
Documented and Designed requirements for planning renditions into detailed system solutions.
Carried out the unit testing and trouble shooting of the reports and validate the reports by directly querying the database and comparing.

Environment: Business Objects 5.x/6.x/XI (Universe, Designer, Business Objects), WebI 2.7, Broadcast Agent 5.1.1, Crystal Reports, Windows 2000/NT, Teradata, Oracle 8i, SQL, PL/SQL, SQL*Plus.

Warner Brothers (Warner Home Video), Burbank CA Aug’ 06 – Apr’ 08
Business Objects Analyst
Warner Home video is the home video unit of Warner Brothers and commands the largest distribution infrastructure in the global video market place. Designed and build Universes and reports for the International Marketing department. (Market Resource Management, Market Research Integration). My job responsibilities includes

Designed Individual Universes for the canned and adhoc report generation.
Designed data marts that were used as the source for analytic reporting.
Perform Gap analysis on different sources and also carried out Performance tuning of Oracle database.
Used Contexts to avoid the Fan trap and chasm trap and also used the predefined tables to simply the complex reports.
Created intricate reports on Business Objects Reporter module with queries, sub queries, Unions and Intersects.
Created complex reports based on the OLAP data model according to the user requirements.

Environment: Business Objects 5.x/6.x/XI (Universe, Designer, Business Objects), WebI 2.7, Broadcast Agent 5.1.1, Crystal Reports, Windows 2000/NT, Teradata,Oracle 8i, SQL, PL/SQL, SQL*Plus.

Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina Oct’ 05 – July’ 06
Business Objects Developer
Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina is a leader in delivering Health Care Products, Services and information for more than 3.3 million people. BCBSNC also offers life, dental and disability insurance Products. For 72 years the company served their customers by offering access to quality health care at competitive price.

Designed and created Universes for report generation, joined tables and identified the cardinalities, Created objects based on the Business Requirements.
Created Contexts and Aliases for resolving Loops in the Universes.
Created Reports for Different Groups of Customers in Customer Relation Management, Large Group and National, Small Groups, Direct Sales, Buy On line and Individual Business Operation.
Used Drill Down, Filters, Conditions, Cross Tab, Master Detail and Formulas etc and Developed Hierarchies to support drill down reports
Created an AF Application with different tabs which reflects the reports of various businesses Pipeline and customized those on web analytics.
Created Speedometers and Interactive metric trends to show the trends in Business.
Analyzed and created Data Marts Dimension and Fact tables.

Environment: Business Objects 5.x/6.x (Universe, Designer, Business Objects), WebI 2.7, Broadcast Agent 5.1.1, Windows 2000/NT, DB2, SQL, PL/SQL, SQL*Plus.

Celestica Inc, Toronto Feb’02-Apr’04
Programmer Analyst
Designed and developed many application packages for the HR Department. Was part of the team involved in the Designing, Coding, and Testing of generalized Payroll management System. The system consisted of Payroll Module, Leave Management Module, and Tax Deduction Module.

Involved in constructing a process model to represent the business process of the organization.
Involved in coding, testing, and debugging at various stages in the project.
Analyzed requirements and created Database Triggers for validations written in PL/SQL.
Updated database using Oracle 7.3. Generated Reports using Oracle.

Environment: Visual Basic 5, Oracle 8, and Windows NT

Education, Training and Certifications
B.E in Electronics Engineering
Certification in Oracle and VB
Certification in C++ and Unix
Contact this candidate