Bryan Labelle
*** **** **** *****, ********, TX
972-***-****
ac4vha@r.postjobfree.com

Senior BI ETL Developer/Admin/Analyst

Expert in creating your vision in ETL data, reporting and dashboarding using a range of tools including Cognos, Tableau, Data Manager and Pentaho

Professional Summary
18+ years of extensive experience with Cognos tools and BI/Data applications and scenarios.
Worked with a wide range of clients on issues such as infrastructure and deployment, cube and report building, dashboarding, data staging and scalability
Positions have included partners, field support personnel, Fortune 500 companies, financial, insurance, health care and Government contracts dealing with both internal and external facing reporting

Professional Experience

LiteracyPro Systems Dec 2017 - Present
Pentaho ETL Developer/Analyst

As a contractor I was tasked with learning the Pentaho ETL tool and data cleaning process from multiple client sources. In addition, I analyzed data requirements and met with stakeholders to map out a path forward and meet all deliverables.

WPS (Cosource Partners) Aug 2017 – Nov 2017
BI ETL Developer

Assist with data staging using Cognos Data Manager and collaborate on tech specs and testing for time sensitive government project. Offered expertise and analysis with meta data design.

Frontier (Crossfire), Allen, TX Nov 2015- Aug 2017
BI Netcool (Cognos) Developer/ Admin / Analyst

This role required me to be an Analyst, Developer, ETL and Report Writer. When I started there were no metrics in place. My role was to meet with various groups and senior management to document requirements and metrics to start. I then worked with the database team and devised strategies to present data to the reporting layer and followed through with the metadata and reporting deliverables.

TMX Finance, Carrollton, TX July 2014-Nov 2015
BI Developer

Developed reports using Cognos and direct SQL. Develop and maintain Framework models. Evaluate system performance and process. Worked in the upgrade process of Cognos 10.

LPA Systems, Inc., Dallas, TX Aug 2013 - July 2014
Senior Cognos Consultant

Contract positions for LPA Clients. Duties included Cognos report writing, data model design, performance analysis, installation of Cognos products, dashboard design and Cognos Mobile configuration and installation

Realpage, Carrollton, TX Aug 2012 - Aug 2013
Sr. Cognos Developer

This position was part of a new BI group that was tasked with creating a branded BI reporting product. The product was Cognos based reporting (including Active and Workspace reports) and dashboards. Tasks included database design, merging of various data sources, installations, configurations and system monitoring.

Baylor Health, Dallas, TX Nov 2010 – Aug 2012
Sr. Cognos Developer

Part of a small startup group for Cognos reporting within Baylor. Responsibilities range from installations to new product evaluations to advanced report writing. Tasks included new reporting, Cognos 10 administration, Tivoli Scheduler, Business Objects/Crystal conversion and dashboard reports.

HCSC (Blue Cross Blue Shield), Richardson, TX May 2006 - Nov 2010
Team Lead

Primary role was the Subject Matter Expert for all external reporting needs and support for existing reporting as well as new development. Additional responsibility included supervising the Admin team for all BI reporting. The environments included Cognos, IWR and Business Objects. The role involved gathering user needs, setting project plan and timelines, development of reports and testing, and project lead. In this position I completed security training for all HIPPA and SPI and PHI disclosures and achieved IBM Cognos certification in “IBM Cognos 8 BI Technical Specialist”.

Citigroup, Irving, TX May 2004 – May 2006
Senior Lead Analyst

This position with Citi was with the Data and Delivery team and required a very diverse skill set. The role involved engaging clients and managers for project requirements and guiding that project to successful completion within the project plan’s guidelines. This required using a variety of tools and products from Cognos to SDK to Business Objects. Additional responsibility included creation of the architecture for four large-scale Cognos deployments. These ranged from single server basic installs to multi-server secure installs on UNIX and Windows platforms. One of the last projects was to create an external facing reporting environment, full reports and data while being sensitive to both security and current regulations and laws regarding Consumer privacy.

American Airlines, Irving, TX Sept 2003 – May 2004
Cognos Developer

Created an entire multi web page dashboard interface using Viz for all top management. An exact dollar figure for savings was not possible since there had never been the ability to gather this kind of information before. It was so successful it was subsequently rolled out to many other departments.

Cognos Corporation, Boston, MA Feb 2000 – July 2003
Senior Technical Analyst

This role involved working with clients in the areas of report generation, cube building, LDAP security, deployment, web delivery and scalability. Additional responsibilities included writing and delivering courses on XML, XSLT and Citrix as well as the development of junior technicians. In Feb 2000 transferred to the Burlington office to head up a support organization. This included start up as well as support for a specific client with advanced customized requirements in reporting and security. This required modification of the deployment and implementation in the areas of database security and modeling, LDAP and customized web delivery through SDK, XML and HTML.

Worked to resolve issues with business intelligence products across multiple platforms
Dealings with Powerplay and Impromptu on NT, Unix and Web implementations
Write macros, java, JavaScript, VB scripts
Assist in the development of junior technicians
Develop and grow a new support center
Aid in the resolution of highly visible and large scale issues with product deployment including connectivity, report design, security and scalability

Cognos Corporation, Ottawa, Canada Feb 1999 – Feb 2000
Intermediate Technical Analyst

As an Intermediate Technical Analyst the primary function was to work with clients to resolve issues of installation, reporting and delivery. Clients ranged from new users to power users to management and end users. The role also involved aiding in the development of junior technicians on the products as well as emerging technologies such as LDAP and Citrix.

Work to resolve issues with Business Intelligence products across multiple platforms
Dealings with Powerplay and Impromptu on NT, Unix and Web implementations
Experience with macros, java, JavaScript, VB and networks
Author technical articles for public use as well as internal documents.

Technical Summary
BI and Reporting
Pentaho (Spoon)
COGNOS
Data Manager
Framework Manager
Report Studio
Analysis Studio
Metric Studio
Transformer
Query Studio
Event Studio
Business Insight
Active Reports
Report Net
Security
Architecture
Process Implementation
Netcool TCR Reporting
Some Tableau

Databases
Oracle
SQL Server
MS-Access
DB2
Teradata

Operating Systems
Windows XP/2003/2000/NT
DOS
UNIX

Education, Training, and Certifications
Tivoli Scheduling Admin and Scheduler – Dallas, TX
IBM Cognos 8 BI Technical Specialist – IOD Conference Las Vegas
Citigroup – Foundations of Finance
Citigroup – Franchise Training for Managers
Cognos – Troubleshooting Series 7 – Burlington, MA
Cognos – New Features Series 7 Version 2 – Burlington, MA
Cognos – Impromptu Web Reports (IWR) for Report Administrators – Ottawa, ON
Cognos – Impromptu Web Reports (IWR) for Server Administrators – Ottawa, ON
Cognos – Report Building for Impromptu - Ottawa, ON
Cognos – Troubleshooting IWR – Burlington, MA
Cognos – Supporting IWR NT & Unix – Burlington, MA
Cognos – Cognos Query Administration – Ottawa, ON
Contact this candidate