Cell: 808-***-****
**** ********* **** *** ***, Honolulu, HI 96822
E-mail: ac4vnx@r.postjobfree.com

Summary
Oracle Certified Professional with 25 years of information technology experience including 7 years working on IBM Cognos BI/Analytics and 16 years working with Oracle, MySQL, MS SQL Server and MS Access database and being a DBA,
Expert of understanding of relational database concepts and design,
Expert of designing, developing, implementing, and administrating the database model and business model of a reporting system with IBM Cognos Analytics and Oracle Reports ,
Export of database migration, ETL, Data Warehouse and MDM,
Proficient with T-SQL, PL/SQL, Unix Shell scripts, C/C++, VB, JavaScript I and Java ncluding over 25 years experience of data analysis and data reporting by using these languages.

Skills
Languages: T-SQL, PL/SQL, Unix shell, C/C++, VB, HTML, CSS, XML, JavaScript, Java, PHP, and Git
Operating Systems: Unix, Linux, VMware, MS Windows, macOS
RDBEM: Oracle DBMS 10g, 11g, 12c, MySQL 5.0, SQL Server, MS Access, Data Warehouse
Hardware: SUN, SGI, IBM, DEC, HP workstations and IBM/Mac PCs
Reporting: IBM Cognos 8, 10, 11, Oracle Reporting 10g, MS Access, Excel, MDM Master files
Networking: LAN, WAN, TCP/IP, NFS, DNS, NIS, SSH and FTP
Foreign Language: Fluently speak, read and write Chinese as well as Japanese

Professional Certifications
Oracle 8i Certificate: May-Dec. 2001, Mos Institute of Technology, Honolulu, HI 96814
Oracle8i Certified DBA, Oracle Reports Developer 10g, IBM Cognos 10 Framework Manager, Reports, and Transformer

Professional Experience

IT Specialist/Database Administrator 06/2007– 12/31/2017
Office of Research Services (ORS), University of Hawaii Systems

Support and manage 3 databases and their applications using IBM Cognos Report /Analytics, Oracle Reports, SQL Server and MS Access to report and analysis the data from the Electronic Research Administration (ERA) system of ORS, Invoice Log system and Contracts and Grants Closeout system. Major Scope of responsibilities:
Application Development: design, develop and implement database mode and business mode of the ERS data reporting system for ORS by use of Framework Manager of the IBM Cognos Analytics and Oracle Reports Developer. Develop and deploy BI applications using Cognos Query, Analysis and Report Studios.
Database Upgrade and Migration/ETL: upgraded database versions for myGRANT and migrated/ETLed MS SQL Server database to InfoEd Oracle database and migrated/ETLed FIMS Mart data into KFS eThority data for Invoice Log. And migrated/ETLed Invoice Log database from MS Access to Oracle 12c.
Application Support: administrate and improve the Cognos Analytics reporting system, Invoice Log system and Contract and Grants Closeout system.
Application Upgrade and Migration: upgraded and migrated the ERA data reporting system from MS Access reports and forms to Oracle reports and forms and then to IBM Cognos Analytics.
Application Analysis and Special Report: analyze and evaluation requests for service to produce standard and ad hoc reports to meet customer needs. And create and prepare special report requested by PI, Department, School and UH System administrators as well as the internal ORS staff.
Application Troubleshooting and Repairing: troubleshoot and identify application problems and modify the program and scripts codes to solve the problems.
Database Performance Tuning and Administration: create and modify database structures and objects for myGRANT, InfoEd, Invoice Log and Closeout Notices databases, work closely with ITS staff to conduct database performance tuning, backup and recovery, troubleshooting and problem solving, maintain system security and monitor databases operating performance.
Database I/O: conduct data import/export and loading for Invoice Log and Closeout Notices.

Data Specialist/Database Administrator 02/2001-05/2007
Asia-Pacific Data-Research Center, University of Hawaii

Manage 2 databases using MySQL 5.0 on Solaris/Linux for serving over 5.8 millions climate in-situ profile data via EPIC system which interfaces EPIC database with EPIC web-based front ends. Major scope of responsibilities:
Database Administration: create and modify database structures and objects, backup and recover database, troubleshooting and problem solving, maintain system security, monitor databases operating on SUN Solaris and Linux.
Database Upgrade and Migration: upgraded database version from MySQL 3.8 to 4.3, and 4.3 to 5.0, conducted migration of EPIC databases from MySQL 4.3 to 5.0.
Database Tuning: database performance analysis, enhancement and tuning.
Database I/O: conduct data import/export and loading.
Application: 1) support developer in adding new features and modifying and enhancing existing features for applications developed with C, Fortran, Java, Perl, and HTML, 2) write shell scripts for database administrative tasks, 3) design/developed sample programs using C, Fortran and Matlab to help user easy using the data downloaded from EPIC in-situ data server, 4) conducted development/production instance testing, 5) converted various grid format data into Grads binary format to serve them with LAS, GDS and THREDDS servers to let user be able to remotely access the data with client software Matlab, Grads, Ferret.
Data Converting: 1) Designed/developed program for converting various format in-situ data into EPIC-convention netCDF data format using C, Fortran and Matlab, 2) converted various in-site profile data into EPIC-netCDF format data.
Data analysis: analyzed hydrographic to study climate change.
EPIC system web page administration: creating, developing, modifying and maintaining the EPIC server web page, which is the interface of the EPIC database.

Education
MS in Electrical Engineering: Mar. 1992, Hiroshima University, Higashi-Hiroshima, Japan
Course work in computer graphics
BS in Electrical Engineering: Feb. 1982, Jiangxi Industry University, Nanchang, Jiangxi, China
Course work in electronics engineering and RF technology
Contact this candidate