linkedin.com/in/mkb***
M K Baig ac5atg@r.postjobfree.com
201-***-****
BI Developer Tableau Developer
Experience Overview
Over 8 years of experience in Designing, Developing, Administering, and Supporting Business Intelligence applications.
Extensive experience with BI and Data warehouse techniques using Tableau, OBIEE connecting multiple databases like Teradata, SQL Server, Oracle etc.
Participated in the Agile planning for Team Foundation Server to make sure that our team sprints satisfied backlogs.
Exposed to BI/DW assignments in various domains like Retail, Healthcare, Banking and Telecom
Thorough understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), involved in various phases like Requirements, Analysis/Design, Development and Testing
Strong knowledge of Dimensional Modeling like Star Schema and Snow Flake Schema to fit Query, Reporting, and Analysis requirements
Involved in integration of Tableau JavaScript API Filters in web application
Involved in Extract-Transform-Load processes using Informatica, Datastage and Amazon Redshift for Financial Reporting and Risk Analytics and Designing Risk Management plans.
Experience and Working knowledge in Hadoop HDFS Admin Shell commands.
Power BI experience in designing Interactive Reports and Data Visualization using Power BI Desktop.
Explore data in a Variety of ways and across multiple visualizations using Power BI.
Employed various Tableau functionalities like Tableau Extracts, Parameters, Filters, Contexts, Data Source, Filters, Actions, Functions, Trends, Hierarchies, Sets, Groups, Calculations, Data Blending and Maps etc.
Accountable for Service Level Agreements (SLA) for customers
Experience in Production and Technical Support activities and managing production rollouts
Worked on multiple projects from requirement gathering to training end-users
Hands on working experience Linux environment with Apache Tomcat, experience on Amazon AWS
Experience working with ANSI SQL, PL/SQL, SQL*Plus, SQL*Loader, and UNIX and Korn Shell scripting
Involved in writing detailed as well as high level documents for reports and repository design
Identifying and removing bottlenecks in order to improve the performance of dashboards and reports.
Experience troubleshooting ETL jobs, bug fixing and addressing production issues like performance tuning and enhancements
Experience working with various operational sources like Informix, SQL Server, DB2 and Flat files
Performed data analysis for user enablement of forecasting and strategic planning
Effective communication skills and record for coordination between globally located teams
Influencing and rapport building with stakeholders to help them achieve their Analytical goals
Experience in writing complex SQL queries to perform End-to-End ETL validations and support Ad-hoc business requests.
Education
Master of science in the field of Computer Science USA
Bachelor of computer applications Hyderabad, India.

Skills
BI Tools
Tableau 10.x/9.x/8.x, Datastage 8.x, Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Editions 10.1.3.x, Microsoft Power BI.
Languages
SQL, UNIX Shell Scripting, HTML.
Databases
Teradata v15/13/12, SQL Server 2000/2005, DB2, MS Access, Oracle 9i/11i
Operating Systems
Linux (Red Hat) AS4, Unix, WINDOWS 95/98/2000/NT/XP, 7, 8, 10
Dimensional Modeling
Star Schema Modeling, Snow Flake Modeling, Fact and Dimensions Tables
Application Software
MS Word, MS Excel, MS Access, MS Power Point.
Other Tools/utilities
Oracle TOAD, Teradata Utilities: SQL Assistant, BTEQ, DataStage Suite: Designer, Director, JSON

Professional Experience
Projects
Role
Location
[1] American Express
Sr. BI/Tableau Developer

New York City, NY
[2] Target
Sr. Data Analyst/Tableau Developer

Minneapolis, MN
[3] Capital One
Tableau Developer

Richmond, VA
[4] Pan-American Life Insurance Group

BI Tableau Dashboard Developer

New Orleans, LA
[5] IBM
SQL Developer/Tester

Hyderabad, India

[1] American Express Sr. BI/Tableau Developer
New York City, NY Jan’16 – Till Date

Roles and Responsibilities:
Gathered user requirements, analyzed and designed software solution based on the requirements.
Collaborate with end users, project stakeholders and support partners to identify needs, goals, and business models.
Created and analyzed reporting within Tableau based on the business requirement.
Designing and developing Supply Chain data models by integrating data from multiple sources
Interacting with business users to capture requirements and make enhancements as necessary
Developing Inventory Control dashboards using Tableau to analyze vendor defects
Writing SQL queries solved many critical requirements by digging the required data.
Developing Tableau interactive dashboards to monitor KPIs related to Overages, Shortages and Damages etc.
Extensively used advance chart visualizations in Tableau like Dual Axis, Bar chart, Pareto Chart, Heat Maps, Tree maps etc., to assist business users in solving complex problems.
Created complex formulas and calculations within Tableau to meet the needs of complex business logic
Created and assisted users in Tableau dashboard development.
Defined best practices for Tableau report development and effectively used data blending feature in tableau.
Scheduling, debugging, and optimizing BI processes based on dependencies
Support ad-hoc requests, perform deep-dive analysis to identify areas of concern, and debugging of data inaccuracies.
Designed and Optimized Data Connections, Data Extracts, Schedules for Background Tasks and Incremental Refresh for the weekly and monthly dashboard reports on Tableau Server.
Utilized Tableau visual analytics and best practices like Dashboard structure, view orientation, Sizing and Layout, Data Emphasis, Highlighting, Color, Fonts, Tooltips, and performance improvement of complex dashboards/reports
Strong SQL skills including use of nested expressions, unions, multi-table joins.
Transferring data from Teradata to Cerebro (HDFS) Using TD CLI utility and building Hive managed/external tables on top of it.
Working knowledge in Hadoop HDFS Admin Shell commands
Hands on working experience Linux environment with Apache Tomcat, experience on Amazon AWS
Involved in testing the Scripts for report development, Tableau reports, Dashboards, Scorecards and handled the performance issues effectively.
Create reports, which display the competitive advantages over its competitors.

Technology Stack: Tableau 10.5/9.1, Teradata 15.1, SQL Server, Hadoop, Hive, Oracle, Tomcat, SAP HANA

[2] Target Sr. Data Analyst/Tableau Developer
Minneapolis, MN Sep’13 – Dec’15

Roles and Responsibilities:
Created and hands on experience in Level of Detail Expressions (LOD’s) such as Customer order frequency, Cohort analysis, Daily profit KPI, Percent of total, New customer acquisition, Comparative sales analysis, Average of top deals by sales rep, Actual vs. target, Value on the last day of a period, Return purchase by cohort etc.
Involved in full project lifecycle of SDLC and coordinated with all project teams.
Writing complex SQL queries on Teradata handling source data challenges and adapting to the dynamic nature of the project
Streamlined and improved existing data load processes by automating manual activities
Developed various reports using freehand SQL for Inventory Management and Innovations team in accordance with Business Strategies
Involved in troubleshooting, optimizing, fine-tuning SQL queries and debugging for efficiency
Involved in documentation, review, analysis and post production fixes while adhering to the defined SLAs
Worked with ETL team (DWH) to extract data into Tableau using custom SQL to filter data source
Created Dashboards using calculations, parameters, calculated fields, groups, sets and hierarchies in Tableau.
Designed and deployed interactive reports with Drill Downs, Drop down menu option, Parameters and Linked reports using Tableau
Built reporting against Single, Multiple Tables, Views and Complex Custom SQL
Build and publish Tableau reports utilizing complex calculated fields, table calculations, filters, and parameters
Scheduled data refresh on Tableau Server for Daily/weekly/monthly increments based on business change to ensure that the views and dashboards were displaying the changed data accurately.
Develop parameter based reports, drill-down reports, charts, and Tabular reports using Tableau Desktop
Migrated all dashboards from Tableau 8.1 to 9.1
Perform impact analysis for changes in database fields and modify jobs accordingly
Develop Contingency plan to manage database outages with no or minimal impact to business.
Extensively worked with Teradata utilities like BTEQ, Fast Export, Fast Load, Multi Load to export and load data to/from different source systems including flat files.

Technology Stack: Tableau 9.1/8.1, DataStage 8.5, UNIX, Oracle, Mainframe, Windows 7, Teradata v14.01, Informix, SQL Server and Db2 databases

[3] Capital One Tableau Developer
Richmond, VA May’12 – Jul’13

Roles and Responsibilities:
Involved in the administration of Tableau server like installations, upgrades, user, user groups creation and setting up security features.
Involved in full project lifecycle of SDLC and coordinated with all project teams. Interacted with Subject Matter Experts & End Users and gathered business requirements. Responsible for writing Business Requirements Document (BRD), Use Case Specifications, Functional Specifications Document (FRD).
Performed Gap analysis by identifying existing system, documenting the enhancements to meet the end state requirements.
Ensured on-time and on-budget performance of the assigned efforts to the mutual satisfaction of the business partners/ sponsors.
Worked extensively in creating dashboards using various versions of Tableau 7 and 8.1.
Worked closely with all team members in implementing Tableau BI tool in all IT projects.
Generated reports using SQL queries in Tableau 7.x/8.x and published to the Tableau server
Involved in generating Daily/Weekly Sales & Finance trending reports using Tableau by identifying the dimensions, measures, measure values and level of details for Business Analytics & Top Executives to give an overview current Trends.
Created adhoc reports to users in Tableau Desktop by connecting various data sources, multiple views and associated reports. Used Excel, flat files, CSV files to create Tableau adhoc reports.
Developed and reviewed custom SQL queries with use of joins clauses (inner, left, right) in Tableau desktop to validate and reconcile data.
Performed Tableau Admin duties that comprised configuration, adding users, groups, managing licenses and data connections, scheduling tasks, embedding views in the Tableau Server.
Took backup of the Tableau server on regular basis by using Tabcmd, Tabadmin commands also developed restoration procedures to restore the server during system failures.
Created users, groups, security roles and SSL authentications.
Performed data analysis on daily, weekly and monthly basis to ensure that the developed dashboards are up to date live and sent those into production.
Cleared Roadblocks and delivered project under tight schedules.
Involved in integration of Tableau JavaScript API Filters in web application
Defined best practices for Tableau report development.
Created dashboards and reports for ad-Hoc Reporting.
Played an important role in coordination with the entire team and managing the time estimates for the entire project.
Used SQL tools like Toad and Teradata SQL Assistant to run SQL queries and validate the data in the warehouse and marts.
Provided post implementation production support.

Technology Stack: Tableau 7.1, SQL Server Management Studio, Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, Power Point, Visio, Outlook)

[4] Pan-American Life Insurance Group BI Tableau Dashboard Developer

New Orleans, LA Oct ’11 - Apr ’12

Roles and Responsibilities:
Participated in project planning sessions with project managers, business analysts and team members to analyze business requirements, equity capital raising requirements and outline the proposed solution.
Interacted with Business users and Business Analysts in gathering requirements and to understand their business view in designing the Universe and modifying the reports accordingly
Created Rich dashboards using Tableau Dashboard and prepared user stories to create compelling dashboards to deliver actionable insights.
Responsible for interaction with business stake holders, gathering requirements and managing the delivery.
Connected Tableau server to publish dashboard to a central location for portal integration.
Connected Tableau server with share-point portal and setup auto refresh feature
Created visualization for logistics calculation and department spend analysis
Transformed Tableau into a managed service offering for consumption across Corporate Treasury and Corporate Investments.
Generate KPI for customer satisfaction survey results and disease management.
Maintained Test log and Wrote Test Evaluation, Summary Reports
Extensively involved in doing user acceptance testing (UAT).
Generated Test Cases for each specification in Requirement Specification Document corresponding to each module
Generated the test plan specifying an overview of testing approach, testing strategy, roles, responsibilities and its scope.

Technology Stack: Linux, Tableau 6.0 – 6.1, MS-Excel, SQL Server, Microsoft office, Visual Basic.

[5] IBM SQL Developer/Tester
Hyderabad, India Mar’10 – April’11

Roles and Responsibilities:
Developed SQL scripts to Insert/Update and Delete data in the database tables
Created Stored Procedures for implementing business logic
Consolidate multiple data silos that exist on campus to one location.
Scheduled data extracts on a daily basis.
Sophisticated stored procedures and triggers to provide complete technical solutions.
Worked with all levels of development from analysis through implementation and support. Participated in test planning and test script definition.
Resolved end user reporting problems through collaboration with IT and Operations.
Shared the requirements through established reporting mechanisms within Excel using Macros and Bubble charts
Ad-hoc data analysis for validation and providing meaningful insights to the business using MS Excel 2010
Performed various operation on Pivot Tables and Charts in MS Excel using Databases, CSV files, Etc.,
Developed Test Strategy, Test Plan and Test Cases to cover all the functionality, Test Execution
Analyzed, Maintained Test Results and Test Reports
Performed product release testing and reported on the status of project
Responsible for end to end project testing effort, Requirement Analysis, Preparing Test Strategy, Test Plan, Test Cases to cover all Product functionality, Traceability Matrix, Test Execution, Defect Tracking, Metrics, Reporting and Escalation.
Experienced in gathering user requirements, analyzing and preparing project deliverables such as Business Requirement Document (BRD) and Functional Requirement Document (FSD)
Work closely with the development team to analyze, debug and resolve any issues
Established and executed test procedures, Analyzed test results and defect data
Maintained test records, Developed documentation and test procedures.
Test result analysis and defect reporting
Ensured that all high-priority bugs are fixed prior to deployment
Performing black box, functional, integration and regression testing

Technology Stack: MS Excel, SQL Server, Toad, HP Quality Center, HP Unified Functional Testing, HP Load Runner, Agile, SQL, XML, Windows, Linux, Unix, Test Director
Contact this candidate