Soumith Reddy
Sr. SQL BI Developer
Contact: 469-***-**** Email: ac5d4n@r.postjobfree.com

8+years of experience with focus on Database design and Development using different tools of ER diagram, Normalization techniques, T-SQL (DDL and DML)Coding and installing, upgrading, configuring and implementation of MS SQL Server 2000/2005/2008/2008R2/2012/2014 in Windows Environment.
Expertise in developing application using SQL Server.
Experience in data-migration.
Excellent experience in developing complex Stored Procedures, Views and Indexed Views.
Involved in Database Design,Data modeling,Development, Implementation, ETL and Reporting in SQL Server2000/2005/2008/2012/2014.
Experience using query tools for Teradata, Oracle, and MS SQL Server to validate reports and troubleshoot data quality issues.
Experience in Relational Data Modeling with very good focus on creating ER Diagrams and Dimensional Data Modeling in designing Data Marts and Data warehouse using Star Schema and Snowflake Schema models in implementing decision support systems.
Working knowledge on Axis point CCMS and McKesson Updates.
Sound technical knowledge of Data warehouse concepts, ETL, logical and physical Data Modeling using Normalizing Techniques, relational models and adapt to constant changes.
Extensive ETL experience using DTS/SSIS forData Extractions, Transformations and Loads.
Experience in creating/deploying Data Transformation Services (DTS), MS SQL ServerIntegration Services (SSIS) packages, Reporting Services (SSRS).Expertise in creating Packages by SSIS/DTS for ETL work.
Experience in report writing using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) and creating various types of reports like Drill down, Parameterized, Cascading, Conditional, Table, Matrix, Chart, Adhoc and Sub Reports.
Expert in creating Star schema cubes using SSAS.
Extensively worked on OLAP cubes using SSAS.
Created and Managed OLAP Cubes using SSAS.
Worked in Data modeling, creating star and snowflake schemas in SSAS. Also used tools like Erwin.
Used Performance Point Server to create reports, scorecards and dashboards.
Worked on creating Azure Data Factory for moving and transforming the data.
Worked with Azure Data Lake Store to capture data of any size, type, and ingestion speed in one single place for different operations
Involved in creating calculated members, named set, advanced KPI’S for the SSAS cubes.
Used Performance Monitor and SQL Profiler to optimize queries and enhance the performance of database servers.
Used Joins and sub-queries for complex queries involving multiple tables from different databases
Daily support of system wide replication tasks including monitoring, alerting, and problem resolution.
Responsible for documentation of system related activities.
Provides technical documentation of the system
Experienced in integrating different Microsoft BackOffice Components such as Share Point and IIS with MS SQL Server
Worked on PROCLARITY to create OLAP data sets and queries are created directly from the Unified Dimensional Model.
Excellent technical, communication and interpersonal skills with very good troubleshooting and problem-solving skills. Ability to work on multiple tasks in a fast paced environment independently and in a team.

Education Details:
Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology from JNTU Hyd, India 2008

RDBMS
Microsoft SQL Server 2016/2014/2012/2008R2/2008/2005,Microsoft Access 2000/2003,Oracle, Sybase Server,DB2
Programming
T-SQL,PL/SQL, Dynamic SQL, MDX, C# .NET, XML, Java
Business Intelligence Tools
Server Reporting Services (SSRS), SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS),Microstrategy SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS), Crystal Reports, ETL,QNXT
Operating Systems
Windows 7/Vista/XP/2008/2003, Windows 9x, UNIX.
Tools/Database Utilities
SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Server Profiler, Import & Export Wizard, Visual Studio .Net, TOAD, XML, Version One, AutoSys Job Scheduler
Version Control
Team Foundation Server,Visual Source Safe 6.0/2005
Application Packages
MS Office, Microsoft Office SharePoint Server (MOSS) 2007, Microsoft Performance Point Server 2007, ProClarity

Argus Advisory & Information Services LLC Oct’16 – Till Date
Sr. SQLBI/Power Bi/ETL Developer

Responsibilities:
Helping the Data Analysts in framing the business related questions and documented all the business related needs and the data.
Created Triggers to enforce data and referential integrity and defined Check constraints, Business Rules, Indexes, and Views.
Created and deployed new SSIS packages to extract data from legacy to SQL Server Objects. Implemented BCP for bulk inserts.
Created various connection managers (OLE DB connection, flat file connection, Analysis Services connection, Excel connection) available in SSIS to collect data from heterogeneous sources such as SQL Server, flat files, excel.
Developed SSIS Packages using fuzzy lookup transformation, file system task, Foreachloop container.
Applied various data transformations like Aggregate, Sort, Multicasting, Conditional Split, Derived column etc.
Deployed Packages in the file System.
Used SSIS Documenter for documenting SSIS packages.
Extensive Knowledge in SSAS storage and partitions, and Aggregations, calculation of queries with MDX, Data Mining Models, developing reports using MDX and SQL.
Created KPI’s for reporting of scorecards and/or performance management.
Designed and developed SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) databases and OLAP cubes used in ad-hoc analytic research and automated reporting.
Involved in designing cubes in SSAS environment using Snowflake and Star Schemas.
Used ETL tools to maintain the quality of data and also to improve the metadata capabilities.
Designed, Developed and Deployed reports in MS SQL Server environment using SSRS-2008.
Performed the quality checks on the reports as needed.
Generated Sub-Reports, Drill down reports, Drill through reports and Parameterized reports using SSRS.
Most of the major data was present in 2008R2 which was migrated to 2012
Migrated a little amount of data from SQL server 2014 to 2016 as it was less data and implemented new project in 2016 version.
Generated reports using SSRS, Excel (Pivot) that could be used to send information to diverse group of users, clients, and managers.
Developed tabular queries for efficient analysis of report using Pivot/Un pivot in T-SQL.
Experience in writing codes for Data quality testing using Teradata.

Environment:(Desktop, Architect, Report Services Document, Web), DTS, SQL Server 2016, Teradata, Windows, SSRS, SSIS.

Children’s Health Center, Dallas, TX Nov’15 – Sep 2016
Sr. SQL BI Developer/SSIS/SSRS/Power BI/ETL

Responsibilities:
Developed complex programs in T-SQL, writing Stored Procedures, Triggers, Functions and Queries with best execution plan.
Developed Charts and other visualization using Power View, Filter and Sorting Data using Power View in Excel 2010.
Extensively worked on Views, cursors, CTE’s, schemas, permissions and performance issues with client/server database design.
Involved in creating Databases, Tables, Cluster/Non-Cluster Index, Unique/Check Constraints, Rules and Defaults.
DevelopedPower Maps using Excel 2010 for Reporting.
Worked on Excel 2010, Power Pivot for providing ad-hoc reporting.
Expertise in writing complex DAX functions in Power BI and Power Pivot.
Used various sources to pull data into Power BI such as Sql Server, SAP BW, Oracle, SQL Azure etc.. .
Transformed and merging data as per the requirement for ease of analysis in Excel by using Power Queryin Power BI.
Create Power Pivot models and Power Pivot reports, publish reports onto SharePoint, and deploy models into SQL Server SSAS instance.
Created and maintained KPI’s and daily dashboards for management and company-wide use.
Transferred the reports from PWA to Power BI and was responsible for streamlining of reports in PWA.
Developed Power Maps using Excel 2013 for Reporting.
Was responsible for Performance Tuning & Index Tuning, Disaster Recovery Planning, Security Management, Managing server and clients.
Creating SSIS package to load data from Flat file to data warehouse databases using Lookup, Fuzzy Lookup, Derived Columns, Condition Split, Term Extraction, Aggregate and Pivot Transformation.
Worked with users and helped Build a Tabular Data Model and published it to Share Point
ConfiguredSSIS packages using Packageconfiguration wizard to allow packages run on different environments.
Interacting with users to gather Business requirements and Analyzing, Designing and Developing the Data feed and Reporting systems by adding or enhancing relevant entities/ tables, columns etc.
Enhancing performance of SSIS packages and SQL queries using optimization techniques.
Involved in Designing, Analyzing, building and testing of OLAP cubes in SSAS and adding calculations using MDX.
Performed data conversion from flat file into a normalized database structure.
Involved in System Study analysis for logical/physical data model there by defining strategy for implementing Star Schema with Fact and Dimension tables.

Environment: Microsoft SQL Server 2008/2012, Microstrategy 9.0, Visual Studio 2008, T-SQL, SQL Server Analysis Services, SQL Server Integration Services, Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS),Power BI (Power Pivot, Power Query, Power Map, Power view), SQL Server Reporting Services, Net (Asp .Net,VB.net C# .Net), SQL server profiler, Team Foundation Server, Visual Source Safe.

State farm Insurance, Bloomington, IL Jan’15–Oct’15
Sr.SQL BI Developer/SSIS/SSRS/ETL

Responsibilities:
Collected business requirements from users and translated them as technical specifications and design documents for development.
Install SQL Server Management tools using SQL Server Setup Program. Test the Installation of SQL Server.
Database migration (Sybase, MySQL, Excel, CSV --> SQL Server 2012)
Maintenance, conversion and improvement of all existing jobs in SQL Agent
Automation of data exports/imports using SSIS.
Developed and optimized database structures, stored procedures, Dynamic Management views, DDL triggers and user-defined functions.
Database Maintenance activities for the Performance of SQL Server, which covers Database Integrity Checks, Update Database Statistics and Re-indexing.
Worked on Constraints, Indexes for better performance and Query optimization.
Managing SQL Servers in development and production.
Installed and maintained MS SQL Server 2000 on Windows 2003 Server. Worked on SQL Server 2000 failover clustering which is built on top of a Windows 2003 server cluster.
Administering SQL Server High Availability and Disaster Recovery strategies.
Worked extensively on Clustering and server consolidation. Troubleshooting production issues and raising high availability.
Worked extensively with Control flow, Data flow transformations and Parameters to provide users with only required information and enhancing security to SSIS packages.
Worked on Package and Project Configurations for Deployment of SSIS packages.
Develop the Documents for Logging/Error Handling for SSIS Packages.
Involved in creating efficient multiple parameterized stored procedures for various kinds of reports.
Worked on Table Partitions for better performance in SQL server 2012.
Generating various Monthly, Quarterly, Bi-Yearly, Yearly and random ad-hoc reports using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) for various business users.
Created Charts, Tabular, Matrix, Drill Down, Drill Through, Cross Tab reports using SSRS 2012.
Extensively involved in Data Mining Models, developing reports using MDX and SQL.
Designed reports using MDX and the reporting wizard to produce Drill Down and Drill Through reports to provide custom views of the information for users
Supported with production and 24x7 on call environments.
Involved in writing MDX Scripts for the OLAP CUBES.
Creating Static Reports using MDX queries and creating MDX Base Report Definition.

Environment: Windows 2008 R2,SQL Server 2008, SQL Server 2012, SQL Server 2014, Integration Services, Analysis Services, Reporting Services,SQL Server Data Tools, Team Foundation Server, ss.

United Health Group, Minnetonka, MN April’13 – Dec’14
Sr. SQL Server /SSIS/SSRS Developer

Responsibilities:
Involved in requirements gathering from users and documenting them for development.
Worked on different new and existing Data models.
Worked with Stored procedures, triggers, functions, views.
Tuning SQL scripts, applying Indexes and monitoring for any high-performance of TSQL code.
Involved in designing, developing and deploying reports in MS SQL Server environment using BIDS 2008 and also involved in Creating SSIS packages.
Created SSIS package for datamigration cross servers.
Extracting and loading of data from different files on to the SQL server.
Worked with Control and Data flow transformations, Parameters for effective data extraction using SSIS packages.
Performed daily administration, monitoring, and documentation of SQL Servers
Responsible for tuning data, indexes, and queries
Created alerts and notifications for system errors, insufficient resources, fatal database errors
Scheduled and monitored all maintenance activities including database consistency check, index defragmentation
Worked on logging, Event handlers and Custom logging for SSIS packages.
Worked with Package Configurations for SSIS package deployment.
Developed Report Models using report builder, Power BI tools and distributed reports in multiple
formats using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) in Business intelligence development
studio.
Worked on formatting SSRS reports using the Global variables and expressions.
Created parameterized reports, Drill down and Drill through reports using SSRS.
Involved in creating multiple parameterized stored procedures which were used by the reports to get the data.
Environment: Windows Server 2003,SQL Server 2008/2005,SQL Integration Services(SSIS), Business Intelligence Development Studio, VB .NET, Visual Studio 2008/2005,Visual Source safe, Erwin.

Target, MN June’12– Mar’13
MS SQL Server Developer/ SSIS/SSRS Developer

Responsibilities:
Continuously interacted with end user to gather business requirements.
Performed data conversions from SQL server to flat file using SSIS.
Created packages that implements tasks like Execute SQL Task, Data Flow Task.
Extensively worked on Control and Data flow transformations to get the required data using SSIS.
Worked on Configuration modes, logging and event handlers in SSIS.
Deployed SSIS packages on to different servers.
Generated different types of Reports like Tabular, Matrix, and Charts.
Created stored procedures and user-defined functions for different Reports.
Deployed and configured the reports in the Report Server.
Created Subscription of Reports in different formats like pdf, excel etc to be executed automatically on weekly or monthly basis.
Created complex correlated sub queries to generate reports.
Responsible for Full Report Cycle including Authoring, Managing, Security and generation of Reports.
Involved in building of OLAP cubes with SSAS and in adding calculations using MDX
Environment:
MS SQL Server 2008, MS SQL Reporting Services 2008, T-SQL, SSIS 2008, VB .NET, Visual SourceSafe, Win 2003 Advanced Server.

Molina Health Care, VA Jul’ 11– May’12
MS SQL Server /SSIS/SSRS Developer

Responsibilities:
Created SQL Server Reports using SSRS 2008.
Identified the Data Source and defined them to build the Data Source Views.
Developed Query for generating drill down reports in SSRS 2005.
Designed and implemented stylish report layouts.
Generated Reports using Global Variables, Expressions and Functions for the reports.
Identified and worked with Parameters for parameterized reports in SSRS 2005.
Responsible for scheduling the subscription reports with the subscription report wizard.
Deployed the generated reports directly on the client’s workstation.
Responsible for transferring the data using SSIS packages.
Developed, monitored and deployed SSIS packages.
Analyzed reports and fixed bugs in stored procedures.
Created complex Stored Procedures, Triggers, Functions, Indexes, Tables, Views and other T-SQL code and SQL joins for applications.
Implemented different types of constraints on tables.
Designed and applied entity and attributes description and definition for the models.
Managed index, statistics and optimizing queries by using execution plan for tuning the database.
Maintained the physical database by monitoring performance, integrity and optimize SQL queries for maximum efficiency using SQL Profiler.
Monitored Scheduled jobs and alerts.
Calculating Measures and Calculating Members in SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS 2008R2) using multi-dimensional expression MDX, Mathematical Formulas and Created Parameterized Reports in MDX

Environment:
MS SQL Server 2005 Enterprise Edition, MS SQL Server Reporting Services 2005, Erwin 4.1, Windows Server 2003.

Spectra Energy, Houston, TX Jan '10-June '11
SQL/SSRS /SSIS Developer
Spectra Energy is one of North America’s leading providers of natural gas infrastructure, the company connects growing markets with supply, customers with solutions and communities with a caring, responsible corporate partner.

Responsibilities:

Back end database development in MS SQL Server, writing complex queries, stored procedures, views, triggers, cursors, UDFs.
Performed Database code Migration from SQL Server 2000 to 2005 in SDLC environment using Bridging Scripts, Column Mapping Tool and Source Control Explorer in Visual Source Safe (VSS) and finally passing all triggers, views under Unit Testing for validating data insert, update and delete.
Created a Template generator stored procedure for creating migration scripts and Unit Test scripts.
Experience in development of extracting, transforming and loading (ETL), maintain and support the enterprise data warehouse system and corresponding marts
Experience with SSIS performance tuning using counters, error handling, event handling, re-running of failed SSIS packages using checkpoints and scripting with Active-X and VB.NET in SSIS.
Daily, weekly, and monthly production data processing, monitoring, and trouble-shooting in an environment of mission-critical operational systems, benchmark establishment, and capacity planning.
Experience in SSIS script task, look up transformations and data flow tasks using T- SQL and Visual Basic (VB) scripts. .
Expertise in generating reports using linked reports, sub reports and filters in SQL server reporting services.
Linked business processes to organizational objectives, performing critical path analysis, analyzing ER diagrams.
Experience in SQL joins, sub queries, tracing and performance tuning for better running of queries.
Wrote and maintained database documentation, including data standards, procedures, definitions for the data dictionary and logical and physical models of the databases.

Environment:
MS SQL Server 2005, T-SQL, SSIS, SSRS,SSAS, Excel, Data Analyzer, Visual Studio 2005, Advanced Windows 2000 Server, Microsoft Windows Active Directory 2000, Erwin 4.0, Business Objects 6.5/ XI

ICICI Bank, Mumbai, India June ’08– Nov’09
SQL Server DBA/Developer

ICICI Bank is one of the largest banks in India, which offers a wide range of banking products and financial services to corporate and retail customers through a variety of delivery channels, life and non-life insurance, venture capital and asset management. The job included writing queries using DML/DDL/DCL’S and managing the tables. Writing stored procedures, Triggers and indexes for efficient performance of database. Transferred databases Involved in troubleshooting and upgrading SQL server.

Responsibilities:
Added / Changed Tables, columns, triggers, and T-SQL code. Using Indexes, Views, Trigger and Store Procedures for updating and cleaning the existing data and also the new data which was to be added
Expertise in Rational Unified Process (RUP) methodology, Use Cases, Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) processes and OOAD Object Oriented Design Technologies.
Migrating MS Access / Sybase SQL Server 11.5 databases to SQL Server .Creating new database / tables to put in the extracted data and rebuilding the relationship
Applying constraints and writing triggers to apply the business rules. Backing Up & Restoring User Databases
Responsibilities include the performance tuning and backup of two Microsoft SQL Servers
Creating Distributed Partitioned Views, Debugging / Troubleshooting Stored Procedures, upgrading existing ones

Environment:
SQL Server 2000, Windows 2000/XP, Sybase, SQL Server, Business Objects 5.x/6.x, Informatica 6.x/7.x SQL Query Analyzer, SQL Developer edition.
Contact this candidate