PRUDVEEN VEMULA
Ph: 214-***-****
Email:ac69b0@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
** ***** ** ********* ** experience in development, analysis, design, testing, presentation and implementation experience using Amazon Redshift, SQL Server 2016/2012/2008 R2 and SQLServer Data tools.Expert in designing and implementing Relational Database model as per business needsin different domains like Insurance, Finance, Telecomm and HealthCare.
Expert in Analyzing, Designing, Developing, Installing, Configuring and Deploying MS SQL Server suite of products with Business Intelligence in SQL Server Reporting Services 2005/2008/2012, SQL Server Analysis Services of 2005/2008/2012 and SQL Server Integration Services.
Experience on Cloud Databases and Data warehouses (SQL Azure and Amazon Redshift/RDS).
Strong Experience in implementing Data warehouse solutions in Amazon Redshift, Worked on various projects to migrate data from on premise databases to Amazon Redshift, RDS and S3.
Excellent understanding of full Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
Extensive experience in developing Stored Procedures, Views, Triggers, Functions, Joins, XML and Complex Queries.
Experienced in Performance Tuning, Query Optimization and using DBCC utilities.
Well-versed with database Installation, Configuration, Maintenance, Monitoring, Backups and Recoveries.
Very good knowledge about performing hybrid Normalizations to minimize redundancy.
Expert in Data Extraction, Transforming and Loading (ETL) using SSIS 2005/2008/2012.
Good knowledge in Data migration using SSIS 2005/2008 across different databases like Oracle, MS Access and Flat Files and migration of DTS packages to SSIS packages.
Experience in deployment of SSIS packages and SSRS Reports to UAT, DEV and Production Servers.
Extensive experience and proficiency on the design, construction and implementation of Business Intelligence tools such as Star Schema, Snow Flake Schema, Data-Warehousing, OLAP cubes, Partitioning and Aggregations.
Experience in Data Modeling (Logical and Physical Design of Databases), Normalization and building Referential Integrity Constraints.
Thorough understanding of designing and developing cubes using SQL Server Analysis Services 2005/2008/2008R2/2012 and using the advanced BI functionality of SQL Server.
Knowledge in creating calculated measures and dimensions members using MDX, mathematical formulas and user defined functions.
Experience using different reporting tools Tableau and Crystal Reports and Power BI.
Experience in designing, maintaining & tuning various RDBMS like SQL Server, Oracleand Sybasedatabases.
Hands on Experience with Erwin, Visio and strong knowledge of Relational database modeling, dimensional database modeling concepts.
Expert in generating writing parameterized queries, drill through reports andformatted SQL server Reports in SSRS 2005/2008/2012 using data from ETL Loads, SSAS Cubes and various heterogeneous data sources.
Proficient in using Global Variables, Expressions and functions for the reports and also skilled in handling sub reports in SSRS 2005/2008/2008R2/2012.
Worked on development, staging and production environments and used Team foundation server and Visual Source Safe for version controls and communications.
Team player and self-starter with very Good Communication and Analytical Skills as well as flexible to learn advancements in the IT industry.
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Programming Skills
T-SQL, C, HTML, CSS, XML, JavaScript, ASP.NET, VB, C# and Python
Databases
Amazon Redshift, SQL Azure, SQL Server 2016/2012/2008 R2 and Db2
BI Tools
SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS), SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), Visual Studio 2005/2008/2012, Tableauand Power BI.
Operating Systems
Windows Server 2012R2/2008 R2
Tools and Utilities
SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Server Enterprise Manager, SQL Server Profiler, Import & Export Wizard, Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS)

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
PointState Capital LP, NY Aug 2015 – Till Date
Role: Senior Data Engineer
Responsibilities:
Designing and building multi-terabyte, full end-to-end Data Warehouse infrastructure from the ground up on Amazon Redshift for large scale data handling Millions of records every day.
Implementing and Managing ETL solutions and automating operational processes.
Wrote various data normalization jobs for new data ingested into Redshift
Migrated on premise database structure to Amazon Redshift data warehouse
Responsible for ETL and data validation using SQL Server Integration Services.
Defined and deployed monitoring, metrics, and logging systems on AWS.
Implemented Work Load Management (WML) in Redshift to prioritize basic dashboard queries over more complex longer-running adhoc queries. This allowed for a more reliable and faster reporting interface, giving sub-second query response for basic queries.
Worked publishing interactive data visualizations dashboards, reports /workbooks on Tableau and Power BI.
Create VBA programs to automatically update Excel workbooks, encompassing class and program modules and external data queries.
Responsible for Designing Logical and Physical data modelling for various data sources on Redshift.
Involved in various Transformation and data cleansing activities using various Control flow and data flow tasks in SSIS packages during data migration
Applied various data transformations like Lookup, Aggregate, Sort, Multicasting, Conditional Split, Derived column etc.
Environment: Windows 2012 Server, Amazon Redshift, SQL Server 2016,SQLServer Data tools 2015,Microsoft Office 2013,Crystal Reports, SQL Profiler, Microsoft Visio, GitHub.

Blue Cross BlueShield of Tennessee, TN Aug 2011 – July 2015 Role: Senior SQL Server BI Developer
Responsibilities:
Involved in Planning, Defining and Designing data based on business requirements and provided documentation.
Upgraded MS SQL Server 2008 database to MS SQL Server 2012, by using Detach/Attach, Back up & Recovery.
Created SSIS packages to extract data from OLTP and transformed to OLAP systems and Scheduled Jobs to call the packages and Stored Procedures.
Created Alerts for successful or unsuccessful completion of Scheduled Jobs.
Used various SSIS tasks such as Conditional Split, Derived Column, which were used for Data Scrubbing, data validation checks during Staging, before loading the data into the Data warehouse.
Experience in creating Jobs, Alerts, SQL Server Mail Agent, and schedule SSIS Packages.
Deployed SSRS reports and SSIS packages using Team Foundation Server.
Developed SSIS packages for File Transfer from one location to the other using FTP task
Created Sub-Reports, Drilldown-Reports, Summary Reports, and Parameterized Reports in SSRS.
Used SSRS to create reports, customized Reports, on-demand reports, ad-hoc reports and involved in analyzing multi-dimensional reports in SSRS.
Created Error and Performance reports on SSIS Packages, Jobs, Stored procedures and Triggers.
Used MS Report Designer to provide a Report Data pane to organize data used in the reports.
Performed T-SQL tuning and optimization of queries for reports that took longer execution time using MS SQL Profiler, Index Tuning Wizard and SQL Query Generated reports using SSRS which were sent to different Clients, and managers
Performed Documentation for all kinds of reports and SSIS packages.
Maintained the table performance by normalization, creating indexes and collected statistics by using query optimization, query execution plans, SQL Server Profiler and Database engine tuning Advisor.
Created Linked Servers for data retrieval using OLE DB data sources and providers.
Design and implementation of stored procedures and triggers for automating tasks.
Interacting with the users and troubleshooting the problems involved with the development of stored Procedures, triggers and problems related to the privileges.
Created Views to reduce database complexities for the end users.
Worked on troubleshooting and maintaining large (terabyte-size) clustered databases.
Created Functions, Stored Procedures, Database Triggers
Created checks and constraints to maintain data integrity.
Involved in development, enhancement, testing and performance tuning of the application.
Ensured best practices are applied and integrity of data is maintained through security and documentation.
Environment: Windows 2007 Server, SQL Server 2012/2008, SQL Integration Services(SSIS), SQL Reporting(SSRS), Tableau, Business Intelligence Studio, Visual Studio 2012/2008, OLE DB, SharePoint MOSS 2010, Crystal Reports, HTML, Sybase, Interactive SQL 9.0, DB2,, SQL Profiler, Microsoft Visio, Control M.

Texas Health Resources, Dallas, TX Oct 2010 – July 2011 Role: Senior SQL Server BI Developer
Responsibilities:
Actively involved in writing T-SQL Programming for implementing Stored Procedures and Functions and cursors, views for different tasks
.Created packages using SSIS for data extraction from Flat Files, Excel Files OLEDB to SQL Server using ETL Tool.
Designed dynamic SSIS Packages to transfer data crossing different platforms, validate data during transferring, and archived data files for different DBMS.
Performance Tuning the Stored Procedures used in SSIS Packages.
Wrote Stored Procedures in designing various SSIS packages.
Involved in Performance tuning of ETL transformations, data validations and stored procedures.
Created Alerts for successful or unsuccessful completion of Scheduled Jobs.
Used various SSIS tasks such as Conditional Split, Derived Column, which were used for Data Scrubbing, data validation checks during Staging, before loading the data into the Data warehouse.
Created Sub-Reports, Drilldown-Reports, Summary Reports, and Parameterized Reports in SSRS.
Generated ad-hoc reports using MS Reporting services and Crystal reports.
Used SSRS to create reports, customized Reports, on-demand reports, ad-hoc reports and involved in analyzing multi-dimensional reports in SSRS.
Coordinated with front-end for implementing logic in stored procedures and functions.
Experienced in writing complex SQL Queries, Stored Procedures, Triggers, Views, Cursors, Joins, Constraints, DDL, DML and User Defined Functions to implement the business logic and also created clustered and non-clustered indexes.
Used MS Report Designer to provide a Report Data pane to organize data used in the reports.
Performed T-SQL tuning and optimization of queries for reports that took longer execution time using MS SQL Profiler, Index Tuning Wizard and SQL Query Generated reports using SSRS which were sent to different Clients, and managers
Performed Documentation for all kinds of reports and SSIS packages.
Interacting with the users and troubleshooting the problems involved with the development of stored Procedures, triggers and problems related to the privileges.
Environment: Windows 2003 Server/XP, SQL Server 2008/2005, SQL Integration Services(SSIS), SQL Reporting(SSRS), Business Intelligence Studio, Visual Studio 2008/2005, OLE DB, SharePoint MOSS 2007, Crystal Reports, Erwin 4.0, HTML.
Sprint Nextel Corporation, Overland Park, KS Oct 2009 – Sep 2010
SQL Server BI Developer

Responsibilities:
Involved in the Migration of Databases from SQL Server 2005 to SQL Server 2008
Involved in development and implementation of SSIS, SSAS and SSRS application solutions for various business units across the organization.
Created SSIS packages to clean and load data to data warehouse.
Created SSIS package to transfer data between OLTP and OLAP databases using Incremental Load.
Created SSIS Packages using Fuzzy Lookup, Derived Columns, Pivot Transformation, Condition Split, Term extraction, Aggregate, Execute SQL Task, Data Flow Task, and Execute Package Task etc. to generate underlying data for the reports and to export cleaned data from Excel Spreadsheets, Text file, MS Access and CSV files to data warehouse.
Scheduled Cube Processing from Staging Database Tables using SQL Server Agent.
Worked on Complex SSRS Reports, Sub Reports, Graphing, Data Drill-Down, and Data sorting/grouping, Crystal Reports Design.
Deployed and uploaded the SSRS reports to SharePoint Server for the end users and involved in enhancements and modifications.
Experienced in creating SSAS OLAP Cubes and Partitioning Cubes.
Experienced in using Dimension Usage, Aggregations, Calculation and Perspective on a Cube.
Created complex SSAS cubes with multiple fact measures groups, and multiple dimension hierarchies based on the OLAP reporting needs.
Created views to display required information on user interface, and triggers to validate consistent data entry into the database.
Created checks and constraints to maintain data integrity and created Complex Stored Procedures.
Environment: MS SQL Server 2005/2008, SQL Server Integration services (SSIS), SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), BIDS and Windows 2007, SharePoint (MOSS) 2007.

Airtel, India Aug 2008 - Sep 2009
SQL Server Developer/Administrator
Responsibilities:
Involved in the entire System study, analysis and Design.
Installation, configuration of MS SQL Server 2005 for development and testing purpose
Involved in developing database objects such as triggers, constraints, indexes and views.
Used T-SQL to build dynamic stored procedures.
Managed Database files, transaction log and estimated space requirements.
Developed Database Triggers to enforce Data integrity and additional Referential Integrity.
Developed SQL Queries to fetch complex data from different tables in remote databases. Using joins, database links and formatted the results into reports and kept logs.
Responsible for developing automation of maintenance jobs, tuning SQL Server locks and indexes configurations, administering SQL Server security.
Designed and implemented several complex reports and administration modules.
Created DTS package to schedule the jobs for batch processing.
Involved in Performance Tuning, Query Optimization, Database consistency checks using DBCC utilities.
Involved implementing Disaster Recovery for minimal downtime using different types of database backups, restore, and replication.
Environment: Server 2005 Enterprise Edition, T-SQL, Enterprise manager, MS Office and Windows 2003.

EDUCATION:
Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering, JNTU, Hyderabad, India
Contact this candidate