MAY TRAN
Beaverton, OR ***** 503-***-**** ac6pn1@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn
Software Support Specialist
Astute software development professional known for delivering solutions that optimize corporate financial management processes. Adept business analyst with unparalleled expertise at the intersection of data, technology, and business processes. Consummate business partner and project manager skilled at leading cross-functional teams, educating and mentoring peers, and collaborating with stakeholders.
AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Software Development Data Modeling Business Analysis Data Analysis & Reporting Finance & Accounting Systems
Database Administration Requirements Analysis Software Testing Agile & Scrum DevOps Capital & Fixed Assets Management Production Support Configuration Technical Writing Project Development Cycles
Languages: C# JavaScript MS SQL Teradata SQL SAP ABAP/4 Cobol Visual Basic
Tools: SAP NetWeaver 740/BW 7.x/BOBJ/HANA/Business Objects HANA Studio IDT Webi Power BI
Microstrategy 9.0 Tableau Sharepoint Visual Studio MS SQL Server Analysis Office MS Office Rally Quality Center
Environments: Unix Windows
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
INTEL CORPORATION ALOHA, OR
Application Developer April 2010 – April 2018
Delivered reporting and analytic solutions to Capital Reports and Finance to meet technology and business requirements. Accountable for requirements analysis, technical analysis, report development, data design and modeling, application support, production support, and data load issues for month-end and year-end close activities.
Increased productivity by aligning reporting with source data.
Worked closely with BA, SA, Security, System architect, and team to gather systems and business requirements for technical analysis, data queries and report development.
Designed and modeled data through HANA Studio views and queries to develop reports in BOBJ Webi and Analysis Office.
Supported applications and reports in Teradata EDW, SAP, Microstrategy, HANA studio, and BOBJ Webi and Analysis Office.
Supported data and reporting pipeline (SAP ECC to BI to AI to EDW). Performed multiple layers of ETL and joined multiple subject areas to build reporting data layer in Teradata Stored Procedures.
Provided L3 production support and break fixes to data load issues, reports, and Month End/Year End Close activities.
Participated in systems upgrade and testing.
INTEL CORPORATION HILLSBORO, OR
Systems Analyst IT Support Specialist Oct. 2004 – April 2010
Contributed year-round SAP production support to Capital Fixed Assets. Ensured complete and accurate financial data processing to facilitate efficient and accurate financial close cycles.
Led year-end hierarchy roll-up project for Capital Fixed Asset Close and Investment Program.
Re-engineered settlement and asset depreciation business process, authored IT Support “How To” documents.
Led advanced solution development (ASD) training for cross geo Finance IT Support teams in Penang and Costa Rica.
Ensured financial data was processed completely and accurately in SAP to support finance close cycles.
Participated in SAP System Upgrade and Capital Re-platform Project.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE (continued)
MOTOROLA, INC. TEMPE, AZ
ABAP Programmer Applications Developer July 2000 -- April 2004
Owned General Ledger business systems production support, ensuring on-time month-end and year-end close and stable system performance. Gathered requirements from clients to write technical and functional specs for team development work. Created IT processes to standardize repeatable resolutions. Developed programs, processes, and reports that met user requirements. Maintained SAP-to-Legacy mainframe interfaces, trouble-shot and resolved problems, and oversaw the data flow in and out of SAP.
Supported business systems to meet target times for each month-end close and worked with team members to ensure a stable system performance. Maintained SAP to Legacy mainframe interfaces by monitoring jobs that sent files between Legacy systems and SAP and vice versa.
Worked closely with clients to define requirements, developed programs, processes, and reports in ABAP and Report Painter Report Writer tool to meet users’ requirements. Successfully maintained more than 50 custom GL reports created by Report Painter Report Writer Report tool. Coded ABAP programs for extract, report, interface, BDC and call transaction. Experienced with IDOC issues (Inbound) for JV loads from legacy into SAP systems.
Gathered requirements from clients to write technical and functional specs for team development work. Created IT processes to standardize repeatable resolutions and Production Support daily activities for team use to better support production systems.
Researched SAP issues through SAPNet to apply the appropriate OSS Notes. Experienced in 3 Hotpack applications and transport conflict resolution for SAP 4.6B and 4.6C.
Performed corrections to programs from sources of SPAU and SAMT. Managed transports and migrate changes from development to target systems. Participated in unit, system, and regression testing. Resolved issues with extended program check for custom objects and SAP OSS Note research for SAP objects. Corrected and applied code changes to ensure programs comply with the upgrade.
Participated in the analysis and development of custom and SAP delivered objects. Worked with client and functional IT group to design and model data. Modified standard or created custom Infocube and ODS in GL modules of PCA, CCA, and ECCS. Worked on Info source and data source to extract data from SAP R/3 into BW. Created and activated Communication Structure, Transfer Structure, Transfer Routine, and Update Rules to ensure appropriate mapping of info objects. Created complicated hierarchies for custom info objects to group accounts for reporting purpose. Created ABAP program to download a hierarchy to a flat file. Used File system to upload a hierarchy from flat file into target BW system. Participated in transport process for BW implementation. Created info packages for data loading of Info cubes and ODS and automated the process using batch jobs.
Developed SAP BW queries using BEX reporting tool.

EDUCATION & PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
Master of Information Systems (MIS) DREXEL UNIVERSITY
Bachelor of Science (BS), Computer Information Systems (magna cum laude) ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY
JACMET Software Engineering Program JOINT ALLIANCE OF COMPANIES MANAGING EDUCATION FOR TECHNOLOGY
Contact this candidate