Hector E. Maisonet Guzman
**** **** ******** **, Lewisville, TX 75056
787-***-****
ac738k@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY

Skilled Programmer with vast experience developing in the different technical environments such as Java, VB.NET, ASP.NET, C#, SQL Server, Reporting Services (SSRS) and Crystal Report. Participate actively in all phases of the full Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) from the translation of client needs into technical requirements to ultimately launching custom applications that satisfy end-user needs/project specifications. Project a positive team-oriented attitude and serve as a liaison between clients and internal development teams displaying excellent documentation skills and the ability to relay project goals to technical and non-technical audiences. Communicate effectively in both English and Spanish. Top Fencer of Puerto Rico Fencing National Team in Epee.
COMPUTER SKILLS

Languages
Proficient in: JAVA, C/C++, Visual Basic, HTML, PHP, JavaScript, CSS, .NET Framework
Familiar with: C#, F#, Prolog, JESS, JADE, VB, JAVA
Software
Database: MySQL, Microsoft Access, Oracle, Microsoft SQL
Operating Systems: Windows XP, Windows 7, Windows 8.1, Windows 10, Apple OS and Linux
Code Editor: Notepad++, JEdit and others.
IDE: Visual Studio, Eclipse, NetBeans, Dreamweaver, Code Blocks
Web Content Management: Drupal, WordPress and others.
Report: Reporting Services and Crystal Report
EXPERIENCE

Programmer
March 2015 - present

Triple-S Propiedad
Manintance of Existing Software coded in Visual Basic
Query, Store Procedure and Function Creation using MS SQL
Data Base MS SQL Maintenance
Report Creation using Reporting Services and MS SQL
New programs coded in C# and VB 2016
Report creation using Crystal Reports
Legacy Program Maintenance (restructure, performance, migration)
Outsystems Programming
Business Intelligence Programmer

Programmer
2017

Polytechnic University of Puerto Rico, Hato Rey, PR
Master’s Project
A program that apply some encryption method using Brute Force and Artificial Intelligence to Crack Kryptos K4 message.
The algorithm that use the program analyze each case of the result brute force attack and then apply another encryption method.

Programmer
2014

University of Puerto Rico at Bayamon
Bachelor’s Degree Project – Extending SalHUD to process Dengue Fever Data
This project is a web application that creates a visualization of the disease Dengue Fever in Puerto Rico according to the user selected year.
The application implements a database using MySQL and Data Driven Document (D3 library).
Visualization, menu and behavior using HTML, JavaScript, CSS and PHP.

Programmer
2014

University of Puerto Rico at Bayamon
Data Communication final course project – Chat and MSM application
This program implements socket that allow users to start a chatting with other and the benefit to send text messages to friends depending the carries.
This application was written in JAVA.

Help Desk and LAN Support & Security - Intern
2014

American International Group - AIG
Respond to requests for technical assistance in person, via phone, electronically
Diagnose and resolve technical hardware and software issues.
Administer help desk software
Redirect problems to correct resource
Identify and escalate situations requiring urgent attention
track and route problems and requests and document resolutions
Prepare activity reports
Inform management of recurring problems
Stay current with system information, changes and updates
Give support to internal and external users

Widows Phone Application – Prototype
2014

Personal
This application allows referee to keep score and time of the matches and easily use penalty cards. The type of matches can be use as free, poule (5 point), direct elimination (15 point) and team (45 points).
This application was developed using Windows Phone SDK and C#.

Web Developer
2013

Casa Cuba Fencing Club
Create a web page that show information about the fencing club.
This web page contains information about the coaches, a part where the user can contact the manager via email.
This web page was develop using HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, jQuery.

Programmer
2013

Puerto Rico Fencing Federation
Develop a data base to maintain information about the Athletes. Data base was developed using Microsoft Access.
This was a simple database where the Puerto Rico Fencing Federation can store information about the athletes, fencing clubs, coaches and tournaments.

Programmer
2013

University of Puerto Rico at Bayamon
Information System final course project – Desktop Application
This Desktop application consist of maintain information about membership of a GYM. The programs allow user to add, remove and modify memberships. The application also implements a search using the name of the member or the membership number.
This program was written using Visual Basic AND .NET Framework.

Web Developer
2013

Complutense University of Madrid
Corporation Software final course project – Web page
This web page was developed with the idea of a web page that contains some product and the registered user can buy it. The concept of the web page was based on e-commerce concept.
This web page was develop using Drupal and some plugins.

Programmer
2011

University of Puerto Rico at Bayamon
Prototype for “La Gran Via” Store
This program consists of employee work schedule, seller inventory and profit of the stores.
This program was written in JAVA.

Logistic and Director Assistant – Summer Job
2007 - 2014

Fun Beach Summer Camp
Create the camp activities schedule.
Working with Children of 4 – 12 ages
Supervise the work of the STAFF and check the logistic of the camp.

EDUCATION

Polytechnic University of Puerto Rico
May 2017

Hato Rey, Puerto Rico
M.C.S. IT Management & Information Assurance
G.C. Information Assurance and Security
G.C. Digital Forensics

University of Puerto Rico at Bayamon
December 2014

Bayamon, Puerto Rico
B.S. Computer Science

Complutense University of Madrid
June 2013

Madrid, Spain
B.S. Credit in Software Engineer

HONOR \ ACTIVITIES

2018 – FIE Scholarship to compete at the World Fencing Championship in Wuxi, China
2009 – Present – First at National Raking of Puerto Rico Fencing Federation.
Board Member: Computer Science Student Association (AECC) University of Puerto Rico at Bayamon, Honor Program of University of Puerto Rico at Bayamon (Vice-President & Board Treasurer).
2014 - Puerto Rico Louis Stokes Alliance for Minority Participation Undergraduate Research
2014 - Olympic Committee recognition as outstanding athlete.
2013 - Third Place, Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) Challenge
2013 - Olympic Committee recognition as outstanding athlete.
2012 – Silver medal, Fencing Pan-American Championship
2010 - Bronze medal, Centro Americans Games
2009 - Olympic Committee recognition as outstanding athlete.
2007 – Present - School of Sports, Carolina Municipality recognition as outstanding athlete.
2006 – Present, community work at “Pascua Infantil” at Maria Auxiliadora School, Santurce.
Contact this candidate