YiQi (Eaki) Hu

718-***-****
ac7d30@r.postjobfree.com

SKILL SET

MS SQL Server 2014, Tableau Desktop 10, MS Excel
Google AdWords, Google Analytics, MS Office, Salesforce, Red Gate

EXPERIENCE

Michaels (Retail Chain Company and E-commerce) 2015/02 - Present
BI Developer
Create reports based on business intelligence specifications by using MS SQL Server and Tableau.

SQL: Involved in creating database objects like views, stored procedures, functions using SQL as per the business requirements, and to maintain data efficiently by performance tuning.

BI Tool Tableau: Worked with Advance Tableau analysis Actions, Calculations, Parameters, Maps, Charts, Forecasts, Reference Lines, Distributions, etc. Produced attractive visuals/dashboards to convey the story inside the data.

Analytics: Collaborating with executive, sales & marketing, and operation teams in the company to provide agile to long-term analysis for various topics, including but not limited to Forecasting, Sales Planning, KPI, Revenue Management, etc.
Generated ad-hoc based reports in an on-demand environment.

SSIS: Interacted with ETL to understand the existing schema to enhance data mining and data integrity by using MS Visual Studio (SSIS). And coordinated with Deployment, Testing Team to speed up development process.

Statistics: Familiarity with statistics, distributions, sigma, standard deviation.

Business: Strong business acumen and extensive business background, excellent client face skill.

BIU TECH (Tech) 2013/08 – 2015/01

Marketing Analyst
Conceptualized, developed, and implemented marketing strategy for startup ecommerce platform and discount coupon app developer. Created marketing and service systems to support strategic direction and international business plans.

Supported launch of ecommerce project and quickly increased sales 300% and usage 500%, developed over 1,000 accounts and 100 wholesale accounts.

Brought over 50 overseas purchasers into our ecommerce platform, establishing partnerships with key suppliers.

Executed the first-ever United Nations press conference from a Chinese ecommerce company, planned event logistics and invited over 15 new republic organizations.

Environment: Excel, SQL

PERFUME WORLDWIDE (Retail and E-commerce) 2012/09 – 2013/07
Account Manger

Managed over 30,000 wholesale orders per month, as well as over 10,000 orders with retail buyers. Supervised customer service team. Managed customer relationships, negotiated pricing, issued service inquiries, resolve ongoing buyer issues.

Secured major contracts with Fortune 500 companies such as Target and Walgreens plus well-known retailers such as Zulily.com, BJs, and Kohl’s.

Owned entire selling and price negotiation processes with Groupon with average sales of 1,000+ bottles of perfume per week.

EDUCATION & LANGUAGE

QUEENS COLLEGE, New York
Bachelor of Business Administration in Economy
QUEENS COLLEGE, New York
Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting

Languages: English, Chinese
Contact this candidate