Naveen Kumar (Thummala Mani)
Lake Mary, FL 559-***-**** ac7o35@r.postjobfree.com

Experienced Hyperion and Oracle EPM Consultant
Well-spoken Oracle Hyperion professional with 11+ years of experience, including Big 4 consulting at EY. Strong expertise in design, analysis, development and implementation of various applications using Hyperion Essbase, Hyperion Planning, PBCS, EPBCS, HAL, FDM, ODI, Financial Reporting, Hyperion Web Analysis, Essbase Administration Services, Essbase Integration Services, ESSCMD, Maxl, Essbase Excel Add-in and Smart View. Open to heavy travel. Can work in the US for any employer (Green card holder).

Experience working in all phases of the software development lifecycle (SDLC) including requirements gathering, design, development, testing, UAT, user support, maintenance and project management. Excellent knowledge of finance and accounting principles. Skilled at working in both functional and technical roles.
Experience includes all aspects of Essbase cube development and maintenance: Design and optimization of Block Storage & Aggregate Storage Essbase applications, developing OLAP Models and Meta-Outlines, using data load rules, developing calculation scripts and report scripts and partitioning of databases.
Skilled in automation, optimization and performance tuning of Essbase application data/metadata processing, upgrading, testing and migrating of cubes in different environments.
Experienced in writing custom Essbase calculation scripts and automating the Essbase cubes using Maxl, ESSCMD and Batch Scripts.
Strong analytical and organizational skills with an ability to work independently and deliver upon agreed timelines. Experience with working in a team environment. Excellent communication, documentation and presentation skills.

Skills
Oracle Hyperion Products (version 6.5 through 11.1.2.4) - Essbase, Planning, Financial Reporting Studio (FR), Smart View, PBCS, EPBCS, Shared Services, Essbase Administration Services (EAS), Web Analysis, DRM, HFM, FDMEE, EPMA, Workspace, LCM, OBIEE, HAL, Excel Add-In, Essbase Integration services (EIS).

Scripting: Business rules, Calculation Scripts, Maxl, ESSCMD, VBA, Batch scripts, Shell scripting

Databases: SQL Server, Oracle, MS Access, My SQL

Operating systems: Windows, Unix, Linux

Other tools: Blackline, SAP, Peoplesoft, ODI, MS Office suite, MS Project, MS Visio, SharePoint, WebLogic

Work Experience

Verizon, Lake Mary, FL Aug 2016 to present
SMTS-Sys/Architecture

Interact with business users in a functional role to gather requirements, understand business needs and ensure applications are developed per requirements. Translate user requirements into formal requirements. Interact with various teams to understand the requirements and translate user requirements into application design per Essbase architecture and metadata design. Create, develop and maintain hierarchies, metadata, and outlines (BSO & ASO) including member formulas in DRM. Involved in Hyperion Applications design, development, maintenance and production support. Involved in the full planning implementation using EPBCS. Implemented the 18CV planning project using Agile methodology.

Designed the security and assigned dimensional security to the entire planning application including business rules, reports and roles.
Conducted budgeting and forecasting activities per company business cycle including month-end close processes.
Generated reports using Hyperion Financial reporting for Essbase applications, developed Oracle stored procedures as part of the project.
Took charge of management of testing, including Unit Testing, Integration Testing and User Acceptance Testing of the system.
Created various design and requirements documentation for the 18CV project, provided end user training to the 18CV planning application.

McKesson Corporation, Jacksonville, FL May 2015 to May 2016
Senior Hyperion/Blackline Analyst
Conducted budgeting and forecasting activities per company business cycle. Created reports using Hyperion Financial reporting for Essbase and HFM applications. Worked on stored procedures & SSIS packages. Prepared workflow charts, documents and manuals. Installed patches for Essbase, HFM, Planning & other Hyperion software. Assigned/maintained user security for HFM & Essbase applications.

Fidelity National Information Services Inc. (FIS), Jacksonville, FL Jun 2012 to Mar 2015
Senior Programmer Analyst
Provided round the clock support daily for Hyperion systems & work with end-users to resolve issues. Installation & upgrade of Hyperion products & other systems software on servers & user machines. Involved in the full systems life cycle and was responsible for designing, coding, testing, implementing, maintaining and supporting applications software. Performed system admin tasks & duties as well.

Conducted planning, analysis and forecasting activities to plan projects and tasks. Worked on creating outlines, writing calc scripts and load & extract data to & from the Hyperion system. Facilitated weekly Hyperion status meetings & provide updates to the Finance and Accounting teams. Involved in component and data architecture design, performance monitoring and product evaluation.

Configured and optimized the Hyperion system & servers to improve performance & system reliability. Installed security patches for the systems software on all servers on an ongoing basis.

Moody’s Corporation, New York, NY Jun 2010 – Apr 2012
Manager - Financial Systems
Supported the development of system enhancements for the Hyperion system 9 platform. Involved with both the budgeting, forecasting and StratPlan process as well as management reporting. Duties included managing projects as well as working independently to drive projects to completion.

Worked on creating outlines, writing calc scripts and load/extract data to and from the Hyperion system. Planned & prepared technical reports, workflow charts, documentation and manuals. Worked on SQL server extensively to perform back end & ETL processes. Migration and upgrading of systems to other platforms and versions.

Ernst & Young, Secaucus, NJ Aug 2008 – May 2010
Hyperion Essbase & Reporting Consultant (C2C)
Ernst & Young has two major applications namely the Global Financial Reporting system (GFIS) & Americas Planning system. I worked extensively on both these applications. The Americas Planning system has an internally developed Input template which is used by the end users for budgeting & forecasting purposes and sending data to Essbase cubes. The project started as an upgrade of the Americas Planning system from Essbase 7.1.6 to 9.3.1. Currently, the GFIS system is being upgraded from 6.5 to 9.3.1. Worked on SQL stored procedures & SSIS packages. Created & maintained Web Analysis & Hyperion Financial Reports.

Installed the complete suite of Hyperion System 9 products including Essbase server, Administration Server, BI plus (Financial, Reporting, Web Analysis, Workspace) etc. on all environments including Development, Benchmarking/QA & Production as part of the Financial Planning System rewrite and migrated Essbase applications from version 7.1.6 to 9.3.1. Migrated Analyzer & Hyperion reports from version 7 to system 9.

Developed a read/write ASO cube namely GAUTIL for reporting Actual, Plan and Outlook data. Developed several Hyperion Financial Reporting reports including Operations Statement, Balance Sheet, Headcount, Inventory, Charged Hours & other key metric reports. Worked on various Excel Addin API based VBA templates.

Interacted with business & end users in gathering the functional requirements for developing GAUTIL cube & reports. Installed Hyperion Planning & created a prototype as part of Financial Transformation project.

Developed batch scripts for automating the dimension builds and modifying outlines. Performed day to day maintenance tasks like outline changes/updates, backups of application & data. Created & maintained report scripts, calc scripts & data load rules. Involved in extensive testing of VBA templates, Excel Addin & other end user tools for the new core loadset upgrade.

Additional: Textron Inc., Providence, RI, Hyperion Planning & Reporting Consultant (C2C), Apr 2008 – Aug 2008, Foamex International Inc., Linwood, PA, Hyperion Essbase Developer/Admin (C2C), Feb 2008 – Mar 2008, National Basketball Association(NBA), Secaucus, NJ, Hyperion Essbase Dev (C2C), Apr 2007 – Jan 2008, Pernod Ricard, White Plains, NY, Hyperion Essbase & Planning Developer (C2C) Mar 2007 – Apr 2007

Education
Master of Science, Computer Science, California State University, Fresno, Aug 2003 - Dec 2006.
Bachelor of Technology, Information Technology, University of Madras, Sep 1999 - May 2003.
Contact this candidate