Jagadish M
SQL/POWER BI Developer
ac8s02@r.postjobfree.com 510-***-****

Summary:
* ***** ** ** ********** in Database Design, Development and business intelligence of Microsoft SQL Server 2014/2012/2008 R2/2008/2005 in Development, Test and Production Environments on various business domains like Health, Insurance and manufacturing.
Hands on experience in installing, configuring, managing, upgrading and migrating, monitoring and troubleshooting SQL Server 2014/2012/2008 R2/2008.
Expertise in SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) and SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) and with good knowledge on SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS).
Experience in report writing using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) and creating various types of reports like drill down, Parameterized, Cascading, Conditional, Table, Matrix, Chart and Sub Reports.
Dexterity in developing, monitoring, extracting and transforming data using DTS/SSIS, Import Export Wizard, and Bulk Insert.
Developing reports on SSRS on SQL Server (2012/2008 R2/2008/2005). Sound Experience and understanding of SSAS, OLAP cube and Architecture.
Excellent knowledge in creating Databases, Tables, Stored Procedures, DDL/DML Triggers, Views, User defined data types, functions, Cursors and Indexes using T-SQL.
Worked extensively on ETL process using SSIS package.
Skillful in Data Conversion and Data Migration using SSIS and DTS services across different databases like Oracle, MS access and flat files.
Skillful in Performance Tuning and Query Optimization.
Created Calculated Columns and Measures in Power BI depending on the requirement using DAX queries.
Created complicated DAX measures in the Power BI reports as per the requirements of the Business Users.
Strong experience on Power shell scripting and ARM templates.
Involved in creating Jobs, SQL Mail Agent, Alerts and Schedule SSIS, DTS Packages.
Conduct performance tuning / analysis / optimization of reports and SQL.
Technical Skills:
SQL Server Tools
SSDT, SSMS, BIDS, Report Builder, DTS, Profiler, DTA, Upgrade Advisor
Monitoring & compliance Tools
Lite Speed, Spotlight, SCOM, SQL secure
ETL & Reporting Tools
SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, Excel 2013, Power View, PowerPivot, PPS
Databases
SQL Server 2014/2012/2008R2/2008/2005, Oracle9i,10g, Teradata, SAP
Programming Languages
SQL, T-SQL, PL/SQL, C, C#, VB
Operating System
Windows 95/98, NT,Windows XP/2003/2000,Unix,MS-DOS
Web technologies
Angular JS, HTML, XML, VBScript, SharePoint 2010, C#, ASP.NET, VB, .NET
Tools
Erwin, VS 2008/2005, Visio, TFS, Visual Source Safe, Sub Version

Professional Experience:

State of Maryland, Baltimore, MD MAR 2018 – TILL DATE
SQL / Power BI Developer
Responsibilities:
Work with multiple teams through all phases (Design, Development, Testing and Deployment) of project life cycle.
Analyze business needs and requirements, define optimum system requirements to meet the business needs and prioritize and manage new requirements.
Used Joins, Triggers, Stored Procedures and sub queries to simplify complex queries involving multiple tables.
Worked on DTS/SSIS for transferring data from Heterogeneous Database (Access database and xml format data) to SQL Server.
Migrated data from different sources (text-based files, Excel spreadsheets, and Access) to SQL Server databases using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS).
Worked on different kinds of Transformations in SSIS like Slowly changing dimension (SCD’s), Lookup, Merge, Derived column, Multicast, Conditional split, Aggregate, Fuzzy lookup, Pivot and Unpivot as per the client requirement.
Professional in creating Indexes, Indexed Views in observing Business Rules and creating effective Functions and appropriate Triggers to assist efficient data manipulation and data consistency.
Created Configuration Files for Packages and SSIS logging on XML Files.
Extensively worked in the performance tuning of programs, ETL procedures and processes.
Developed Dashboards, Gauges, Tabular, Matrix, Charts, Crystal reports Parameterized and Sub-reports in SSRS 2012/2008 R2.
Solid knowledge of Power BI Desktop, Power BI service, Power BI Gateway & report performance optimization.
Experience in creating Power pivots, Power views and SSRS reports using tabular model (DAX), Cubes (MDX) and SQL queries.
Provide overview presentations and demonstrations for customers considering Power BI
Develop proofs of concept using Power BI using customer data or similar industry data
Developed and maintained multiple Power BI dashboards/reports and content packs.
Responsible for building Power BI Dashboards using Tabular and Multi-Dimensional Models.
Design and model datasets with Power BI desktop based on measure and dimension requested by customer and dashboard needs.
Created Workspace and Apps in Power BI and giving access to end users to Apps.
Configured Gateways in the Power BI service.
Implemented Data security (Row level security) on Dataset and Reports in Power BI.
Responsible for Scheduling jobs for weekly, daily data refresh on different Power BI reports.
Responsible for building Power BI Dashboards using Tabular and Multi-Dimensional Models.
Knowledge of and experience with the Azure Data Platform –Data Factory, Data Management Gateway, Azure Storage Options, DocumentDB, Data Lake Analytics, Azure SQL.
Generated periodic reports based on the statistical analysis of the data from various time frame and division using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).
Developed SSAS Cubes using Star Schema with partitions, aggregations, hierarchies and perspectives.
Responsible for providing 24x7 Production support, Database and Log Backups &amp, restoration, Backup strategies and scheduling Backups.
Environment: SQL Server 2014/2012/2008 R2/2008, Teradata, SharePoint 2013/2010, SQL Server Data Tools, T-SQL, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, BIDS, Tabular, Excel 2013, XL-Cubed, Power view, TFS, Power pivot, PL/SQL 8.0and Central Management Console, Performance Point, MDX

Spectrum, Charlotte, NC JUL 2017 – FEB 2018
SQL/Power BI Developer
Responsibilities:
Developed Complex Stored Procedures, Views and Temporary Tables as per the requirement.
Developed Complex database objects like Stored Procedures, Functions, Packages and Triggers using SQL and PL/SQL.
Developed UNIX Shell scripts to automate table creation, execute procedures.
Developed SSIS Packages and Stored Procedures to load/transform/cleanse data from SQL Server, Oracle and Excel Files to Facts and Dimension Tables in the Data Warehouse.
Migrated all DTS packages to SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) and modified the packages accordingly using the advanced features of SQL Server Integration Services.
Extracted data from Oracle and migrated into SQL Server 2005 using SSIS.
Used SSRS reports with parameters from PerformancePoint Services deployed in SharePoint 2013.
Participated in the design and development of the Data Warehouse using Star Schema and Snowflake Schema.
Developed SSAS Cubes by creating Measure Groups, Dimensions, Aggregations, Hierarchies, Partitions and Perspectives using SSAS 2008 R2.
Setup and monitored jobs for loading and processing SSAS Cubes.
Involved in building the Synchronization process between multiple servers across different platforms like Oracle, SQL Server 2008, SQL Azure, SQL Server 2012 etc.
Troubleshoot issues with ETL load (SSIS and Stored Procedures) and Cube processing.
Created ETL technical specification documents describing ETL design and load strategies to populate operational data store and DataMart’s.
Provide guidance on Power BI enterprise implementation best practices
Involved in Automation of ETL processes and jobs using Power Shell to reduce manual intervention.
Participated in code-review sessions on existing SSRS report’s performance and Dataset query tuning.
Developed calculated columns and measures using DAX in Power BI.
Provide implementation assistance in areas such as provisioning Power BI and installing
Power BI gateway.
Extracted data from On-Premises and SaaS (Software as a Service) into Power BI desktop.
Designed, developed and implemented Power BI Dashboards, Scorecards & performance Reports.
Expertise in Power BI, Power BI Pro, Power BI Premium, Power BI Mobile.
Executed Incremental refresh in Power BI reports which brought down the refresh time from 90 minutes to 15 minutes.
Designed and created Crystal Reports based on technical specifications provided.
Developed MDX queries for SSRS reports from SSAS Cubes.
Created script tasks and components with C++.C# and VB.NET in SSIS as part of ETL load.
Involved in Data Modeling, System/Data Analysis, Design and Development for both OLTP and Data warehousing environments.

Environment: SQL Server 2014/2012/2008 R2/2008, Teradata, SharePoint 2013/2010, SQL Server Data Tools, T-SQL, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, BIDS, Tabular, Excel 2013,XL-Cubed, Power view, TFS, Power pivot, PL/SQL 8.0and Central Management Console, Performance Point, MDX, Report Builder 3.0,Crystal Report 8.0, DTS, C#,C++, VB.NET, Erwin 4.0,XML, SVN, Rally, Windows Server 2008, NET 3.5.

Deutsche Bank, Cary, NC SEP 2015 – JUN 2017
SQL BI Developer
Responsibilities:
Design and develop Business Intelligence solutions using MSBI tools (SSIS, SSRS, SSAS).
Created complex T-SQL Queries, Stored Procedures, Functions, Indexes, CTE’s, Views, Joins and Triggers.
Write and debug T-SQL Queries, SSRS Reports, SSIS Packages and Stored Procedures.
Developed Stored Procedures, Functions, Packages and SQL Scripts using PL/SQL.
Developed SQL and PL/SQL scripts to transfer tables across the schemas and databases.
Designed SSIS Packages to transfer data from flat files to SQL Server using Business Intelligence Development Studio.
Performed subscriptions and refresh extracts in Power BI as well as set up data alerts on business-critical data utilizing Power BI services.
Installed and monitored Power BI gateway on the data server to enable data refresh of the reports on Power BI Service.
Extensively used WEBI, to create ad-hoc and schedule complex reports, and Central Management Console (CMC).
Enhanced and translated existing dashboards in SSRS into QlikView and worked extensively with the set analysis.
Designed and developed SSIS packages to load data from Flat files, Excel to Data warehouse using C#.NET.
Developed complex mappings using SSIS to transform and load the data from various source systems like Oracle database, DB2 and Teradata database, Excel, Flat files into the SQL 2012 Server target staging database.
Used SSIS to create ETL packages to validate, extract, transform and load data into data warehouse and data marts.
Generating Power Shell scripting to avoid errors and also used for SSRS.
Developed various operational Drill-through and Drill-down reports using SSRS.
Using SSRS creating well-formed reports and web-based reports for health-related applications and transactions.
Supported, modified and maintained Crystal Report currently in the production environment.
Developed complex formulas in Crystal Report for reporting calculations and metrics.
Developed Report Models using report builder and distributed reports in multiple formats using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) in Business intelligence development studio (BIDS).
Involved in performance tuning the slow running reports and stored procedures by creating appropriate indexes and analyzing execution plans.
Developed SSRS and Excel Power pivot table based on OLAP Cubes.
Used Subversion (SVN) for source control, to deploy the code from Dev to QA, QA to Prod.
Working on LINQ for query the data objects in C++, C#, VB.net.
Participated in Data modeling (Dimensional & Relational) concepts like Star-Schema Modeling, Snowflake Schema Modeling, Fact and Dimension tables.
Used Team Foundation Server (TFS) for central repository as a versioning control.

Environment: SQL Server 2014/2012/2008 R2/2008, Oracle 11g, Teradata, SAP, SharePoint 2013/2010, SQL Server Data Tools, T-SQL, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, SQL Server BIDS, Excel 2013, Power view, TFS, Power pivot, Performance Point, MDX, Report Builder 3.0, Crystal Report 8.0, DTS, C++, C#, VB.NET, JSON, Erwin 4.0, XML, Violin Flash Memory, Windows Server 2008, .NET 3.5

Kenco Group, TN SEP 2013 – AUG 2015
SQL Server BI Developer/SSIS/SSRS.
Responsibilities:
Created database objects in SQL Server 2005 including Tables, Triggers, Views, Stored Procedures, User Defined Functions (UDF) and Indexes.
Involved in Testing and Debugging Stored Procedures and functions, database tuning.
Migrated Multi Terabytes databases and users, logins, stored procedures and tables using DTS/SSIS packages from MS SQL Server 2000 to MS SQL Server 2005.
Created SQL Server Integration Service packages (SSIS) and used it to Extract, Transform and Load (ETL) into Database tables.
Used Power Shell script for SQL Server Maintenance activities.
Import / Export Financial data from text file & amp, Excel Spread sheet using SSIS.
Generated database monitoring and data validation reports in SQL Server Reporting Service (SSRS).
Deployed SSIS packages and Reports to Production Servers.
Created SSIS packages and used Analysis Services processing task to update the cube with current data.
Created SSIS Reusable Packages to extract data from Multi formatted Flat files, Excel, XML files into Database and Billing Systems
Extract Transform and Load (ETL) source data into respective target tables to build the required data marts
Experienced in ETL using DTS Import/Export Data, Bulk Insert, BCP, Data Replication and DTS Packages.
Created Parameterized reports, Cross-Tab reports, Drilldown reports & amp, Summary reports by using SSRS and designed reports using Crystal Reports
Created several Complex Reports (sub reports, graphical, multiple groupings, drill downs, parameter driven, formulas, summarized and conditional formatting) using SSRS.
Created Jobs Performance report that queries sys tables and shows how long each job ran and weekly-average duration using SSRS.
Created complex Stored Procedures, Triggers, Functions, Indexes, Tables, Views and other T-SQL code and SQL joins for applications.
Generated Reports using Global Variables, Expressions and Functions for the reports.
Created report snapshots to improve the performance of SSRS.
Developed new objects (i.e. Tables, Views, and Stored Procedures) in SQL server 2005 data base and performed tuning on it.
Migrated database from SQL server 2000 to SQL server2005 using utilities i.e. exp/imp and attach/detach for SQL servers 2005 futures.
Environment: SQL Server 2005, Windows 2000/2003, T-SQL, SQL Server Integration Services, SQL Server Reporting Services, SQL Server Analysis Services, SQL Profiler, MS Excel 2008, Visual Studio 2005, Visual Team Foundation Server.

August Technologies Ltd., India JUL 2011 -AUG 2013
Junior SQL Developer
Responsibilities:
Conducted performance tuning/MS SQL Server development - SQL Profiler, SQL scripts, Stored Procedures, Triggers, Functions and transactions analysis, thorough understanding of indices and statistics (Query Optimizer).
Conducted logical and physical database design including data modeling, maintenance, problem diagnosis and resolution.
Created and developed Stored Procedures and Triggers to handle complex business rules, history data and audit analysis.
Conducted database management, performance measurement and performance tuning for new databases and existing databases by using SQL Profiler, SQL Analyzer and SQL Enterprise Manager.
Created and administered multiple development, training and production databases.
Developed and created data dictionary, advanced queries, views, indices and functions for databases.
Used SQL Profiler and Query Analyzer to optimize DTS package queries and stored procedures.
Wrote T-SQL procedures to generate DML scripts that modified database objects dynamically based on user inputs.
Data migration (import & export - BCP) from Text to SQL Server.

Environment: MS SQL Server 2005, T-SQL, DTS, Windows XP, MS Visio 2000 and MS Projects 2000.

Education: Master’s in Information Security Systems 2015.
Contact this candidate