Gbenga Oridupa
Email: ac8ypo@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 510-***-****
Blog: Coding and Analytics with Gbenga Oridupa
Professional Summary:
Over 8+ years of extensive experience in Business Intelligence, Data Analysis or Visualization, Business Analysis, Big Data Technologies, Machine Learning, Database Design, Development and Administration. Rational RequisitePro/Rational DOORS/TFS/Visio/SmartDraw, MS SQL Server versions 2016/2012/2008/
2008R2/2005/2000 using SSIS, SSRS, SSAS (BI Tools), Azure, Google Cloud, AWS, Power BI and Tableau (BI Tool), Hadoop - Apache, Splunk in various industries.
● Excellent Knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle, RDBMS, Data Warehouse & Data Modeling concepts.
● Good Business and System analysis skills to understand the requirements and customize client applications.
● Great skills in writing outstanding documentations, understandable to all.
● Strong experience in creating T-SQL objects, working with DDL/DML, performs most of the SQL Server Enterprise Manager and Management studio functionality using T-SQL Scripts and Batches Process.
● Proficient in creating Indexed Views, complex Stored Procedures, effective functions, and appropriate Triggers to facilitate efficient data manipulation and data consistency.
● Data and Statistical analysis on large volume of data with Python and R.
● Data slicing and dicing with tableau for business decisions
● Experience in writing Distributed Queries between SQL Servers.
● Create desktop and web apps that help automate and simplify user activities on data(Python, C#, Asp.net, Java and JavaScript etc.).
● Experience in storing, processing and analyzing data using Microsoft Azure. (Azure SQL DB, Data lake, Data Factory, Blob Storage etc.)
● Expert in using tools like Index Tuning Wizard, database engine tuning advisor, SQL Profiler, and Windows Performance Monitor for Monitoring and Tuning Server Performance.
● Handled vast financial data, expert level query optimization and performance tuning experience.
● Experience in creating dashboards and reports with Tableau and Power BI
● Expert in Data Extraction, Transforming and Loading (ETL) using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), DTS, Bulk Insert, BCP.
● Using unified analytical tool, Databricks(PySpark,Spark SQL,Scala,Dataframes,Datasets,DBFS etc)
● Development and implementation of Hadoop and Spark - Apache (HDFS, MapReduce, Pig, Hive, Hbase, Spark, Sqoop, Oozie flume, Kafka etc.).
● Perform analysis of vast data stores and uncover insights with High-speed querying.
● Translate complex functional and technical requirements into detailed design
● Analyze log files (web, server etc.) using Splunk.
● Expertise in Extraction, Transforming and Loading (ETL) data using SSIS creating mappings/workflows to extract data from SQL Server, Excel file, other databases and Flat File sources and load into various Business Entities(Data Warehouse, Data mart).
● Expertise in generating reports using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), and Microsoft Access & Excel spreadsheet.
● Experienced in Logical and Physical Database design & development, Data Conversion, Normalization and Data modeling using Erwin and SQL Server Enterprise manager.
● Experience in creating various reports like drill down, sub reports, parameterized, multi-valued and various Ad hoc reports through Report model creation using SSRS. Page 1
● Proficiency in Developing SSAS Cubes, Aggregation, KPIs, Measures, Partitioning Cube, Data Mining Models, and Deploying and Processing SSAS objects.
● Store, pull and analyze data with Amazon (AWS).
● Strong troubleshooting and problem solving skills. Strong ability to prioritize multiple tasks. Excellent communication skills, proactive, self-managing and teamwork spirits.
● Well-organized, goal-oriented, highly motivated effective team member with excellent analytical, troubleshooting, and problem solving skills. Education:
Bachelors of Science in Economics
Business/Technical Skills:
Rational RequisitePro/Rational DOORS/TFS/Visio/SmartDraw MS SQL Server 2016/2012/2008R2/2008/2005/2000, MS SSRS /2016/2012/2008/2005/2000, MS SQL SSAS 2016/2012/2008/2005/2000, MS SSIS 2016/2012/2008/2005/2000, DTS, Erwin Designer 2000, Power designer, DB2 SQL syntax, MS-Access 2000,C#, Python, R, VB 6.0,Developer 2000 AWS Database Services, Erwin 7.3/4.2/4.2/4.0, Oracle 9i/10g, PL/SQL, ASP.NET, HTML, XML, XSL, Visual Studio 2005, T-SQL, MY SQL, Crystal Reports, ODBC, DOCXpress, MS Office, Windows NT/ 2000 Server/ XP, Microsoft Dynamics AX, RedGate, Tableau, Power-BI(BI Tool).Casandra, Splunk, Hadoop - Apache (HDFS, MapReduce, Pig,Hive,Hbase, Spark, Sqoop, Oozie, flume, kafka etc),Python and Microsoft R .etc.
Professional Experience:
Client: HTMG, San Antonio, TX
Duration: Jun 2015 – Current
Role: Senior BI Developer /Data Analyst/Business Analyst Health Texas Medical Group was established by local physicians in 1994 who recognized the need for primary care doctors to play a more significant role in a patient's overall health and wellness. Since then, Health Texas has grown to include over 50 primary healthcare providers in 17 primary care clinics. This project was to extract data from various heterogeneous sources and server locations and load into SQL Server 2012/2016 and create reports such as Aggregate Adverse Event Report, Customer Detail Report, Account Report and Reports based on the company progress. Create JAD sessions, Analyze requirements and solve problems. To mention few. Responsibilities:
● Helped design, document and maintain system process.
● Performs quality assurance
● Report on common sources of technical issues or questions and make recommendations to the team.
● Designed high level SSIS architecture for overall data transfer from the source server to the Enterprise Services Warehouse.
Page 2
● Conducts user training sessions and supports the requests for enhancements, modifications and new reports.
● Build dashboards and perform ad hoc analyses with SSRS, tableau and power BI
● Analyzed & designed the business rules for data cleansing that are required by the staging & OLAP and OLTP databases.
● Manage IT/Data team by recruiting, training and coaching employees, communicating job expectations and appraising their performance
● Follow up to ensure that the plan to achieve the goals is being carried out in such a way that its accomplishment is assured.
● Overseeing and determining timeframes for major IT projects including system updates, upgrades, migrations and outages
● Managing and reporting on allocation of IT budget
● Providing direction for IT/Data team members and identifying opportunities for team training and skills advancement
● Multidimensional Analysis – slice, dice and drill down with tableau
● Creating reports and dashboards for Executives and Managers with Tableau, Power-BI and SSRS
● Analyzing company’s data and providing rich information using Tableau and Power-BI.
● Creating beautiful visualizations to better interpret data for users with Tableau and Power-BI
● Using tableau JavaScript API for providing data to users
● Maintaining tableau server and tableau desktop and Power-BI desktop(e.g performing upgrades and managing user access etc.)
● Storing and querying massive datasets using Standard SQL Functions & Operators in Google BigQuery
● Making calls to the BigQuery REST API using a variety of client libraries such as Java, .NET, or Python. Also using command lines.
● Using tab command in tableau to manage data
● Creating complex analysis with Power-BI's DAX, and tableau's LOD expressions
● Providing predictive analysis for Executives and managers using R, Python, Tableau and Power-BI
● Writing and processing sql queries using Python
● Statistical analysis on large volume of data with Python and R.
● Using Python and R to facilitate better and faster data mining and analysis, to increase revenues, cut costs, improve customer relationships, reduce risks and more.
● Create desktop and web apps that help automate and simplify user activities on data(Python, C#, Asp.net, Java and JavaScript etc.).
● Store, process and analyze data using Microsoft Azure. (Azure SQL DB, Data lake, Data Factory, Blob Storage etc.)
● Migrated packages from development server to production server using package configuration.
● Designed and implemented Parameterized and Cascading Parameterized reports using SSRS.
● Deployed generated reports onto the Report Server which can only be accessed by specific user permissions.
● Development and implementation of Hadoop - Apache (HDFS, MapReduce, Pig, Hive, Hbase, Spark, Sqoop, Oozie flume, Kafka etc.).
● Translate complex functional and technical requirements into detailed designs.
● Created various geographical and time dimension reports of fiscal year, quarter month, week and daily reports for all domains and published through Report Server.
● Created various reports by comparing the growth of company based on each quarter by using charts e.g. bar, pie, column, line etc.
● Store, pull and analyze data with Amazon (AWS).
● Responsible for generating annual reports based on the growth of company with respect to customers.
Page 3
● Worked as a developer in creating Complex Stored Procedures, Triggers, Functions, Indexes, Tables, Views and other T-SQL code and SQL joins for applications.
● Improved Performance of the database by creating Clustered and non-clustered Indexes and by optimizing the T-SQL statements using SQL profiler. Tools & Technologies:
Rational RequisitePro/Rational DOORS/TFS/Visio/SmartDraw, Power BI, Tableau, EMR, EZCAP MS SQL Server 2008R2/2012/2017, Reporting Services (SSRS), Integration Services (SSIS), Analysis Services (SSAS), Microsoft Performance Point Server 2008R2, Microsoft Sharepoint Server,RedGate, T-SQL, .NET, C# MS Access and Excel. Amazon AWS. Casandra, Splunk, Hadoop - Apache (HDFS, MapReduce, Pig,Hive,Hbase, Spark, Sqoop, Oozie, flume, kafka etc),Python and Microsoft R, Tableau,Power-BI.etc.
Client: ESTES, Richmond, Virginia
Duration: Nov 2014 – May 2015
Role: SQL Server/SSIS/SSRS/SSAS Developer
Estes has provided top-quality transportation solutions since 1931. Throughout the years, high integrity and an unwavering commitment to customers have guided there growth from a small, one-man operation to one of the top 25 carriers in the industry. The project was to use integration services to create packages and generate parameterized reports from the database containing Shipment logistics.
Responsibilities:
● Planned, Defined and Designed data based on business requirement and provided documentation Using DOCXpress.
● Created SSIS package to load data from Flat Files, CSV files, and SQL Server 2008R2 to SQL Server 2012 by using Lookup, Fuzzy Lookup, Derived Columns, Condition Split, Term Extraction, Aggregate, Pivot Transformation, and Slowly Changing Dimension.
● Used SSIS to create ETL packages to Validate, Extract, Transform and Load data to Data Warehouse and Data Mart Databases.
● Modified the existing SSIS packages to meet the changes specified by the users.
● Scheduled Jobs for executing the stored SSIS packages, which were developed to update the database on Daily basis using SQL Server Agent.
● Involved in creating alerts for successful or unsuccessful completion of scheduled jobs.
● Scheduled report and exported in PDF format and Excel Format as desired by users.
● Fine-tuned SQL Queries for maximum efficiency and performance using SQL Profiler and Database Engine Tuning Advisor.
● Multidimensional Analysis – slice, dice and drilldown with SSAS.
● Provided documentation for all kinds of reports and SSIS packages.
● Designed and implemented Stored Procedures and Triggers for automating tasks.
● Worked in setup logging environment to track the status of the events like error raise, task fail.
● Generated parameterized reports, sub-reports, tabular reports using SSRS 2012.
● Designed, Developed and Deployed reports in MS SQL Server environment using SSRS-2012.
● Set up data store and migrate data using AWS database services. Page 4
● Generated Sub-Reports, Conditional, Drilldown reports, Drill through reports and parameterized reports using SSRS 2012.
● Created reports to retrieve data using Stored Procedures that accepts parameters.
● Scheduled the monthly/weekly/daily reports to run automatically onto the Dashboard
● Responsible for Monitoring and Tuning Report performance.
● Created various database object like stored procedures, functions, tables, views
● Configured the report viewing security for various users at various levels using Report Manager
Tools & Technologies:
Rational RequisitePro/Rational DOORS/TFS/Visio/SmartDraw, Power BI, Tableau MS SQL Server 2008R2/2012/2017, Reporting Services (SSRS), Integration Services (SSIS), Analysis Services (SSAS), Microsoft Sharepoint Server,RedGate, T-SQL, .NET, C# MS Access and Excel. Amazon AWS.Google BigQuery, Casandra, Splunk,,Python and Microsoft R.etc. Client: D.O.E.S,Washington, DC
Duration: Jun 2014 – Oct 2014
Role: SQL Server/Data Conversion / Interfaces Technical Analyst The Department of Employment Services provides comprehensive employment services to ensure a competitive workforce, full employment, life-long learning, economic stability and the highest quality of life for all District residents. The project focuses on the area of taxation. Using my expertise to transform/load conversion and/or interface files from legacy data sources. Responsibilities:
● Data source/element mapping, creating load scripts, identifying and resolving conversion issues.
● Used T-SQL to create complex codes/programs for conversion and data testing.
● Scrambling of live data to test data, executing conversion processes.
● Created various database object like stored procedures and tables
● Used SSIS to create ETL packages to Validate, Extract, Transform and Load data to Data Warehouse and Data Mart Databases.
● Worked with application developers and production teams across functional units to identify business needs and discuss solution options.
● Planned, Defined and Designed data based on business requirement and provided documentation.
● Designed and implemented Stored Procedures for automating tasks. Tools & Technologies:
MS SQL Server 2012/2008, SSIS, T-SQL, Win 2008 Advanced Server, VSS, Erwin v7.3.,Python and c#
.Net .etc.
Client: BB&T,Winston-Salem,NC
Duration: Jan 2011 – Jun 2014
Role: SQL Server/SSIS/SSRS/SSAS Developer
BB&T Corporation is an American bank offering commercial and retail banking services along with other financial services such as insurance, investigation, retail brakeage, mortgage, corporate finance, consumer finance, payment services, international banking, leasing, and trust. The project was to use integration services to create packages and generate parameterized reports from the database containing information of Investment Services. Page 5
Responsibilities:
● Planned, Defined and Designed data based on business requirement and provided documentation.
● Gathered data and documenting it for further reference and designed Database using Erwin data modeler.
● Created SSIS package to load data from Flat Files and SQL Server 2008R2 to SQL Server 2012 by using Lookup, Fuzzy Lookup, Derived Columns, Condition Split, Term Extraction, Aggregate, Pivot Transformation, and Slowly Changing Dimension.
● Used SSIS to create ETL packages to Validate, Extract, Transform and Load data to Data Warehouse and Data Mart Databases.
● Modified the existing SSIS packages to meet the changes specified by the users.
● Scheduled Jobs for executing the stored SSIS packages, which were developed to update the database on Daily basis using SQL Server Agent.
● Involved in creating alerts for successful or unsuccessful completion of scheduled jobs.
● Worked in setup logging environment to track the status of the events like error raise, task fail.
● Generated parameterized reports, sub reports, tabular reports using SSRS 2012.
● Designed, Developed and Deployed reports in MS SQL Server environment using SSRS-2012.
● Generated Sub-Reports, Conditional, Drilldown reports, Drill through reports and parameterized reports using SSRS 2012.
● Created reports to retrieve data using Stored Procedures that accepts parameters.
● Scheduled the monthly/weekly/daily reports to run automatically onto the Dashboard
● Responsible for Monitoring and Tuning Report performance.
● Created various database object like stored procedures, functions, tables, views
● Configured the report viewing security for various users at various levels using Report Manager
● Scheduled report and exported in PDF format.
● Fine-tuned SQL Queries for maximum efficiency and performance using SQL Profiler and Database Engine Tuning Advisor.
● Created reports on Microsoft Dynamics AX
● Created cubes for faster and better data Analysis
● Provided documentation for all kinds of reports and SSIS packages.
● Designed and implemented Stored Procedures and Triggers for automating tasks. Tools & Technologies:
MS SQL Server 2012/2008, SSIS, T-SQL, SSRS, Win 2008 Advanced Server, VSS, Erwin v7.3, Reporting Services (SSRS), Integration Services (SSIS), Analysis Services (SSAS). C#, .Net,Java etc. Page 6
Contact this candidate