Aishwar Chandra

E-mail: ac9duh@r.postjobfree.com Contact no: - +91-776*******

Career Focus

A dynamic and self-motivated professional who wants to contribute to a company's growth by utilizing skills on SSIS, Power BI, Sql Server and other MSBI related concepts. Having 3+ years of experience on working with Power BI, SQL Server Integration Services, SQL. Presently working with Ernst & Young LLP in Bangalore as a Power BI Developer.

A quick learner and able to get quickly up to speed with new technologies.

Experience in creating packages in SSIS.

Experienced in Data Visualization using Power BI.

Core Competencies

Database Management Skills

Database management experience in Microsoft Sql Server 2008, 2012, 2016.

Experience in T-Sql.

Tools

Sql Server Integration Services

Power BI

Sql Server Reporting Services

MS Sql Server Integration Services (SSIS) - Experience in MS Sql Server Integration Services (SSIS) in creating packages for different data sources and integrate them after applying necessary transformations.

Power BI – Experience in working with Power BI with excel, csv, Sql server, files on SharePoint site and Sql Query as data sources. Using DAX for Calculated Columns and Calculated Measures. DAX for other dynamic implementations in Power BI. Designing navigation experience in Power BI reports. Knowledge of Content packs, sharing, pro features and other features of Power BI.

Education & Training

Year
Degree
Major Subject
Institution

2015

B.Tech

Information

ASANSOL ENGINEERING

Technology
COLLEGE

2010

Class XII

PCM

INDIAN PUBLIC SCHOOL

2008

Class X

Others

B D PUBLIC SCHOOL

CERTIFICATION

Valid Till

Microsoft Talent Associate (Database Fundamentals)

01-Jan-0001

SSIS 201 Course Completion from SQL School, Hyderabad

01-Jan-0001

Analysing and Visualizing Data with Power BI from edX

01-Jan-0001

EXPERIENCE DETAILS

Mindtree LTD Senior Engineer (October 2015 - March 2018)

Project Name: BI Development Project (UK based Tobacco manufacturer)

Description: A Data Warehousing project which includes managing several
In- Market and Global Applications. Applications include several systems which are integrated using SSIS packages. For end users reporting SSRS reports have been developed. Prompt issue resolution and keeping the users updated on the progress. Frequent calls with the users regarding issues and updating them on the progress of Change Requests.

Tools & Technologies: SQL Server, SSIS, SSRS, Power BI

Role Played: Efficiently managed 2 global applications for more than
1.5 years without any escalation. As part of the new team structure also managing several In -Market application. Implemented a job failure analysis and percentage report market wise and with time wise, which is being used for the analysis purposes.

MAQ Software Software Engineer I (March 2018 – July 2018)
Project Name: OCP CDP Integration (US based tech giant)

Description: CDP is used to store partners and subscriptions details which include subscription for on-premises as well as cloud products. Now CDP has been replaced by another source system. So new packages and stored procedures have been developed for data refresh.

Tools & Technologies: SSIS, Sql Server, Power BI

Role Played: Developed stored procedures as per requirement for data refresh and rewired some of the existing stored procedures. In this process, also optimized the stored procedures like combining duplicated #tables, creating indexes and removing unnecessary joins by performing data checks.

EY LLP Associate Consultant (August 2018 – till date)

Project Name: Procurement Team Reporting (World’s largest FMCG Company)

Description: Procurement team has many contracts for purchasing raw materials all over the globe from vendors. They need to represent this information at various levels for better analysis. Instance they have a certain flow to show the progress of contracts, contracts expiring in the upcoming days, information related to the contract owners and their default over the last few months etc.

Role Played: Working as a Power BI developer for client’s procurement team. It involves
creation of multiple reports in Power BI and converting some existing excel pivots into Power BI reports. It involves development right from requirement gathering and frequent feedback from business users and implementing those changes. DAX calculation required for better analysis by the users.

Tools & Technologies: Power BI

EY LLP Associate Consultant (August 2018 – till date)

Project Name: Treasury Reporting

Description: Treasury team had their reports in the form of excel. Worked on
to develop these reports in Power BI. Started from PoC and then worked
till complete development of reports. The existing reports had complex
formulas where we worked on to simplify the formulas and make them
more dynamic. Also worked on setting up the data refresh and sharing of the
reports too.

Role Played: Worked as a Power BI developer from inception to full delivery of
the project. Started from PoC and then worked till complete
development of reports. The existing reports had complex
formulas where we worked on to simplify the formulas and make them
more dynamic. Also worked on setting up the data refresh and sharing of the
reports too.

Tools & Technologies: Power BI

EY LLP Associate Consultant (August 2018 – till date)

Project Name: EY Internal PoC

Description: A requirement to develop a mechanism where users can have an
Interface in Power BI and from there they can insert, update and delete data.

Role Played: Worked individually from scratch and developed the entire mechanism for
Writeback using Power BI and Power Apps. Developed a Power Apps app
which was used to insert, update and delete data in a Sql Server db. This
Power Apps was then embedded in a Power BI report using which user can
Perform Data Manipulation.

Tools & Technologies: Power Apps, Power BI

Major Achievements

Project on Power BI using Service Now Data has been highly appreciated by the Client. It started as a PoC to get to know about Power BI capabilities and features and later we went on to discover things on how to implement this as a project where we found an ODBC driver to connect to live Service Now instance from Power BI and we completed the project using this. This report also uses Scheduled Refresh using Power BI gateway and it refreshes 8 times a day. This report has been embedded in one of our client's portal from where it is accessed by the users and other team members. Business now uses live Service Now data to keep track of the things.

Creation of a Power BI report based on Service Now data which is used by the client’s higher management weekly for review purposes. It also uses the ODBC connection and a Power BI gateway to refresh 8 times a day. It also included a requirement where we had to make the axis dynamic based on the slicer. Currently this option is not available in Power BI so as a workaround we unpivoted the required columns and so based on the selection in the slicer the axis changes dynamically.

Creation of Job Failure Analysis report is SSRS depicting the failures for the last two months and the percentage change in the failure for last month compared to the month before the last month was highly appreciated and is used extensively for status meetings with client to discuss about the job failure and the change in it over the months.

Personal Vitae
Name: Aishwar Chandra DOB: 04/09/1992
Father’s Name: Vijay Kumar
Present Address: Zolo Utopia, Sai Baba Temple Road, Kundalahalli, Bangalore – 560037 Permanent Address: B – 505 Alankar Sub City Appt., Sandalpur, Kumhrar, Patna – 80000
Contact this candidate