Swathi Sambu ac9o5j@r.postjobfree.com
Sr. SQL BI Developer 484-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

8+ years of experience in the IT domain focused on Microsoft SQL Server 2005/2008R2/2012, SSIS/SSRS/SSAS/Tableau/Crystal Reports(2008,XI,CR for VisualStudio 2017), OLTP and OLAP.
Extensive experience in generating Drill through and Drill down reports with Drop down menu option, sorting the data, defining subtotals in SSRS 2008.
Worked with marketing and insurance to create a series of Crystal Reports. Instituted on-line reporting on the company intranet.
Worked on adhoc reporting, Parameterized Reports, Custom Reporting.
Involved in designing DTS/SSIS Packages to extract, load data into database, archive data file from different legacy systems and Data Mining in SSIS.
Migrated data from external system including flat files, excel, MS Access and oracle into SQL Server 2008 using SSIS packages.
Developed interactive reports using Crystal Reports and SQL Server Reporting Services.
Generated various Monthly, Quarterly, Bi-Yearly, Yearly reports by different type of reports using SSRS.
Expert in performance tuning, query optimization and running database.
Expertise in writing T-SQL Queries using Joins, Sub queries and Cursors in MS SQL server 2005/2008/2012.
Strong experience in writing stored procedures, functions, triggers in MS T-SQL building the packages, testing and implementing on production server.
Experience in SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle) like gathering requirements, design, development, implementation and testing of projects before moving to production
Experience in administrative tasks such as data loading, batch jobs, data unloading, Backup, Recovery and scheduling the backups.
Scheduled jobs to execute SSIS packages which were developed to update database objects daily and maintained nightly loads of data by creating the corresponding tasks.
Created SSIS packages to export and import data from CSV files, Text files and Excel spreadsheet. Involved in installation, configuration and developing of SSIS packages using BIDS.
Experience in Database Architecture, Design, Coding, Implementation and Production Support.
Experience in Error and Event Handling: Precedence Constraints, Break Points, Check Points, and Logging using SSIS.

Technical Skills:

Languages
SQL, Transact SQL, PL/SQL, Embedded SQL, XML
Databases
SQL Server 2005/2008 R2/2008/2012/2017, Oracle 11.g, DB2 MS Access
Reporting Tools
SQL Server Reporting Service (SSRS), Crystal Reports 2005,2008,XI/2016,ERP Oracle,Tableau
ETL Tools
SSIS(SQL Server Integration Services), DTS(Data Transformation Services), Import Export Data, Bulk Copy Program (BCP)
Other Software
MS Office-2013/2007/2003/2000, Adobe Professional.
Operating Systems
Windows 10/98/2000/2003/XP/Vista
Database Tools
SQL Query Analyzer, SQL Enterprise Manager, Management Studio, SQL Server 2008 Query Editor, Solution Explorer, Analysis Manager, Reporting Server
Methodologies
Logical and Physical Database Design, Database Design and Normalization, Data Modeling

Education: Master’s in Business Administration from Osmania University,India

WORK PROFILE:

Georgia Pacific, (Judge Group)-King of Prussia,PA Dec’18– Till Date
Reports Developer.

The objective of the project is to create reports under one application and eliminate dependencies on other applications and make users have on hub for reporting.Involved in creating Databases, DBobjects, Stored Procedures, Functions which are all helpful in creating SSRS/Crystal Reports.

Responsibilities:

Actively participated in team meetings for business requirement analysis, functional and technical specification for Business Objects/SSRS Reports.
Involved in the Installation and configuration of Business Objects 2017 with VS.
Created complex reports using Crystal reports 2016.
Developed custom reports as per the business user teams requirements specifications document.
Modified old and created new reports and subreports using Crystal Reports XI and Crystal Reports 2016.
Created reports include formatting options such as Grouping, Sorting, Drill-down, Parameter prompts
Making report objects universally available to users by incorporating them into the enterprise repository.
Worked on Sub Totals, Running Totals according to report requirements.
Verifying database design and structure to ensure all reports are in-sync and up-to-date.
Extensive knowledge in writing formulas using crystal /Basic syntax and shared variables.
Exporting reports to other formats.
Published and scheduled the reports in Crystal Enterprise using Crystal Management Console so that reports are accessed from Front-end application
Integrated Crystal reports with the Visual Studio 2017 to develop and maintain all files in one place
Used GIT, TFS effectively for Source Control like file tracking, simultaneous checkouts, merging etc
Developed complex SSRS reports as per user requirements using KPI’s,drilldrown reports and parameterized reports.

Environment: SQL Server 2016, SQL Server 2017, Visual studio 2017, Crystal Reports 2008,Crystal Reports XI,Crystal Reports 2016,GIT,SSIS,SSRS.

Assurant Solutions, Wayne,PA May’14 – Dec’18
Sr. SQL BI Developer.

The objective of the project was to Process the Customer information on logistics side and we need to report these information for CAE Purpose to understand customer problems as well as resolution . We need to create Portfolio reports, Operational Reports and Ad-hoc Reports for the Warehouse agents.

Followed Agile Methodologies and Test Driven Development.
Involved in User Story Grooming, Estimation and Task Creation.
Actively Participated in Team Meetings, frequently communicate with Designers to clarify the
business requirements and working with QA Team to make clear the issues.
Hands on experience working on Tableau.
Developed Tableau visualizations and dashboards using Tableau Desktop.
Developed Tableau workbooks from multiple data sources using Data Blending.
Developed complex Stored Procedures and views to generate various Drill-through reports, parameterized reports.
Writing queries to generate reports for analysis of data using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Report Builder,Crystal reports based on user requirements.
Co-ordinating and guiding offshore team and helping them to solve any issues
Generated Reports using Global Variables, Expressions and Functions for the reports in SSRS.
Responsible for scheduling the subscription reports with Data Driven Subscription Windows File share and Email Delivery using SSRS/Crystal reports.
Generated various Drill-through reports, parameterized reports, sub-reports and linked reports using SSRS and integrated into the web front end.
Created the Data source connections, Data Source Views, Relationships, Named Query for customized analysis in SSAS.
Worked on Report Subscrption for Report Delivery using Email Delivery for the NFPs and FSA(Fed) Using Data Driven Subscription.
Worked on Data Driven Subscription Tables for Querterly Reports, Monthly Reports as well as Daily Reports.
Created very complex SSIS Packages with considering all the best practice like error handling, logging, configurations, deployments, maintenance.
Developed complex packages which takes data from various sources like excel, Flat file, DB2, oracle using AS400 IBM and ODBC drivers, calling reporting service within the package to create SSRS reports on fly and calling web service to transfer data of XMl type.
Created complex Stored Procedures, Triggers, Cursors, Tables and other SQL Joins and Statements for Applications by using T-SQL
Involved extensively in designing of OLTP database
Involved in Data Mining using SSIS.
Created schemas, keys and indexes considering the granularity of the data
Designed Dataflows, Workflows and jobs to load data from source to target in BO Data Integrator.
Created Designs and Developed Oracle ERP Reports.
Developed extended oracle reports using BI Plugin.
Schedule Data Integrator jobs using Data Integrator Administrator. Develop data staging tables and Create indexes in the destination table in order to make the ETL process faster then expected.
Deploy the pacakges in Production server ad schedule the packages according to the requirments.
Deployed SSIS packages and Reports to Production Servers.

Environment:SQL Server 2008 R2,SQL Server 2012, SQL Server 2017,Visual studio 2008, Visual studio 2015,SSRS,SSIS, TFS,Window 7 Professional, Share Point 2010,Oracle ERP Reports,Noetix Reports,Tableau Reports

McKesson, King of Prussia,PA Dec’12– April’14
SQL SSIS/SSRS Developer.

The objective of the project was implement BI among the Product Line. So this involves some part of migration from SSRS 2005 to SSRS 2008R2 and also we designed the cube and pull the data from cube and also created custom MDX to derive additional metrics. In the backend of the cube involved in the ETL to design star schema for facts and dimension tables.

Responsibilities:

Designed and developed matrix and tabular reports with drill down, drill through and drop down menu option using SSRS
Creating ad hoc reports on relational and multidimensional data using model data sources in SSRS.
Created Line charts which comapares rolling 12 months, rolling 24 months and also curent year vs pervious year data as per Client Request.
Worked on Planning and Monitoring reports in Performance Point Server.
Created filter on the perfprmance point and deployed the reports and Performanance content on Sharepoint Server for Dashboard.
Worked as a developer in creating complex Stored Procedures, SSIS packages, triggers, cursors, tables, and views and other SQL joins and statements for applications.
Involved in extracting the data using SSIS from OLTP to OLAP.
Created Indexes, Constraints and Rules on database objects.
Developed SQL ETL packages according to the requirements of business users.
Understanding the end user requirements and developing the Reports using SSRS 2008.
Used SSIS to move data from TeraData to SQL server using Teradata drivers.
Develop data staging tables and Create indexes in the destination table in order to make the ETL process faster than expected.
Deploy the packages in Production server ad schedule the packages according to the requirements.
Developed complex Reports Using SSRS 2008 accordingly to the business user requirements.
Extensive Use of XML files and sound knowledge on writing X queries and ForXML queries.
Involved extensively in large meeting and conversation with business user to designing and user limitation and e.t.c.
Created reports with Analysis Services Cube as the data source using SQL Server 2005/2008 Reporting Services.
Developed complex Stored Procedures and views to generate various Drill-through reports, parameterized reports and linked reports using SSRS.
Designed high level ETL architecture for overall data transfer from the source server to the Enterprise Services Warehouse which encompasses server name, database name, accounts, tables and direction of data flow, Column Mapping, Data dictionary and Metadata.
Wrote T-SQL code for creating cursor and handling the data validations.
Implemented site information architecture utilizing various SharePoint resources including Document Libraries, Lists, Form Libraries, Content Types, Column, Information Management Policies and Version Controlling.
Reviewed Cube with End user and changing the cube and documentation according to their requirements
Deploy the pacakges in Production server ad schedule the packages according to the requirments.
Deployed SSIS packages and Reports to Production Servers.
Created very complex SSIS Packages with considering all the best practice like error handling, logging, configurations, deployments, maintenance.

Environment: SQL Server 2008, Visual studio 2008,Crystal Reports.

Qualcomm -Noida, India Aug ’10 – Oct’12
Role: SQL Server Developer

Qualcomm is a wireless telecommunications research and Development Company, as well as the largest fabless chip supplier in the world. Its visionary technology leadership has been carrying the world forward, changing it by improving the way people communicate, work and live.

Responsibilities:
Development of automated daily, weekly and monthly system maintenance tasks such as database backup, replication verification, database integrity verification, indexing and statistics updates.
Creating and managing schema objects such as Tables, Views, Indexes and referential integrity depending on user requirements and converting them into technical specifications
Created complex stored procedures and functions to support efficient data storage, Archiving, Purging and manipulation.
Involved in Administration of the SQL Server by creating users & login ids with appropriate roles & grant privileges to users.
Involved in writing T-SQL statements for retrieval of data.
Worked on performance tuning of T-SQL queries and Stored Procedures. Optimized query performance by creating indexes.
Performed daily database backup & restoration, monitored the performance of the Server.
Tuned the SQL queries using SQL profiler. Involved in tuning the database. Created necessary indexes to make data retrieval process faster.
Designed and developed tables, view, stored procedures and triggers in MS SQL Server database on Windows NT platform.
Designed and developed reports using Crystal Reports

Environment: MS SQL Server 2000, Windows server 2003, Enterprise Manager, MS Access, MS Excel, MS Word, Windows 98/NT/2000, T-SQL, DTS, Query Analyzer, SQL Profiler, Crystal Reports.
Contact this candidate