Subhasis Pattanaik

Email : acenab@r.postjobfree.com Phone : 502-***-****

Experience Summary

I am currently working with Tata Consultancy Services for the past 4 years
& 4 Months with total IT experience of 5 years. I have worked in FIMMAS
Migration, Humana Shared services and Web PPT projects till now. My
technological forte includes SSIS 2012/08, SQL Server 2012/08, C#, .NET
3.5, & SharePoint 2010/2007.

I am a good team player and also have the ability to work independently in
a time sensitive environment. Good organizational and communication skills,
with the ability to express technical concepts verbally and in written.

Technology

Below is a list of important hardware, software products, tools and methods
that I have worked with.

Qualifications

Degree and Date Institute Major and Specialization
B.Tech., 2009 SRM University, Tamil Electronics and
Nadu, India. Telecommunication

Career Profile

Dates Organization Role
December 2009 - till date TATA Consultancy IT Analyst
Services
September 2009 - December Prodapt Solutions Project Trainee
2009
May 2009 - September 2009 3Edge Solutions Project Trainee

Projects undertaken

Project Humana FIMMAS Infrastructure Offshore & Onshore
Client HUMANA INC.
Period Jun 2012 to till date
Description Humana Inc is one of the largest healthcare groups in U.S.
Humana markets its health benefit consumer services in all 50
states, D.C., Puerto Rico and has international business
interests in Western Europe. Humana FIMMAS migration is a
development project aimed at seamlessly interacting with the
FIMMAS system and getting desired data in certain specific
format. FIMMAS is MDI's Flexible Insurance Marketing,
Management, and Administration System, which provides a
full-function individual and group insurance administration
system for insurance providers and financial services
organizations that market and administer life, health, and
annuity insurance products. So the development involves calling
out web services and displaying the result in any Humana system
or converting the data from FIMMAS to any other system, or
providing data to FIMMAS in specific format.
Roles & Team Member( Developer)
Responsibilitie Analysing the requirement.
s Writing the technical design document.
Understanding the functional specifications and writing
understanding document.
Creating SSIS packages to generate files in a specific format,
insert specific data into database etc
Creating required Database objects like stored Procedures,
Tables, and Functions.
Writing test cases and complete extensive testing.
Deploying packages in various servers and testing.
Involved in coding the various modules of the project in .Net
3.5, B Scripts, SQL Server 2008
Integration of the applications.
Performance monitoring and tuning.
Conducting code review of the modules.
Preparing Coding Standards and enforcing team to adhere.
Preparing Deployment Checklist for different environment.

Technical SSIS, SQL Server 2008, C#. Net, ASP.Net
Platform
Location Louisville, USA and Chennai, India

2.

Project Humana Shared Services
Client HUMANA
Period Feb 2011 - May 2012
Description Humana Inc is one of the largest healthcare groups in U.S.
Humana markets its health benefit consumer services in all 50
states, D.C., Puerto Rico and has international business
interests in Western Europe. Humana Shared services is the
Content management system is aimed at proving a strategic
solution a common platform for all the stakeholders to work,
share and manage knowledge effectively in Humana Inc. Humana
shared services consists of number of applications like
SharePoint, ODCS, Docushare, Hutube, Eroom and Secure
Messaging.
Roles & Team Member( Developer)
Responsibilitie Analyzing the requirement.
s Understanding the functional specifications.
Writing the technical design document.
Migrating sites in Microsoft SharePoint 2007 to Microsoft
SharePoint 2010
Create, modify, and maintain a web site built with Windows
SharePoint Services 3.0 (WSS).
Creating SSIS package to generate reports from database
Creating required Database objects like stored Procedures,
Tables, and Functions.
Deploying packages in various servers and testing.
Involved in coding the various modules of the project in .Net
2.0, SQL Server 2008
Developing VB scripts and batch files for certain Jobs to run.

Co-ordinating with third party vendors to resolve the short
comings of any applications
Integration of the applications
Performance monitoring and tuning
Conducting code review of the modules.
Preparing Coding Standards and enforcing team to adhere
Preparing Deployment Checklist for different environment

Technical C#. Net, ASP.Net, SharePoint 2007/2010, SQL Server 2008, VB
Platform Scripts
Location Chennai, India

3.

Project May 2010 to Jan 2011 - Offshore
Client HUMANA INC.
Period Feb 2011 - May 2012
Description Web Presentation and personalization (Web PPT) deal with
several portals in Humana. There are several portals and
products which are to be developed, maintained and supported as
a part of this project. The portals are all built on Microsoft
technologies and run as Web Farms on the production
environment. The different portals which are available under
the WPP Umbrella are: Member Portal, Provider Portal, Employer
Portal, Agent Portal, and Pharmacist Portal.

Roles & Team Member( Developer)
Responsibilitie Analyzing the requirement
s Understanding the functional specifications
Writing the technical design document
Development of various modules in accordance with Waterfall
framework.
Involved in UI Design and Coding of the project in .Net 3.5,
SQL Server 2008
Writing and executing SQL query and stored procedure.
Developing SSIS packages and testing the modules.
Integration of the application
Performance monitoring and tuning
Bug Fixing of the application in various areas
Conducting code review of the modules.
Integrating various modules and E2E testing
Preparing Coding Standards and enforcing all the team to adhere

Preparing Deployment Checklist for different environment

Technical C#. Net, ASP.Net, SharePoint 2007/2010, SQL Server 2008
Platform
Location Chennai, India

Awards
Certificate Of Recognition Key contribution, dedication & commitment to Shared
Services Project
On the spot Award In appreciation of your outstanding contribution to
the organization
Winner in Debate Contest Won the Debate contest in IRC week held in Chennai

Certifications / Training / Continuing Education Summary:

Program or Course Coverage Dates
Microsoft Virtual Academy Querying MS SQL Server 2014
2012 DB Jumpstart
SQL & VB.Net Certification SQL 2008, VB.Net 2008 2014

RankSheet.Com
Communication Improvement English Communication 2013
Programme Mentor
MCTS dot net 3.5 web ASP .net, Ado .net, C# 2012
application
development(70-536)
Certificate in Pharma 2011
management L2 TCS Business Domain
Academy
Certificate in Healthcare TCS Business Domain 2010
and Lifesciences L1 Academy

Personal Details:

Hardware Operating System Software Products
PC - Core 2 Duo Windows 98/XP/ (Primary Skills) : SQL Server 2012/08,
Vista/ 7 SSIS 2012/08
(Secondary Skills): C#,.NET 3.5,
SharePoint 2010/2007,Eroom Administration

Date of birth (DD/MM/YYYY) 24/06/1987
Sex Male
Nationality Indian
Martial Status Married
Designation IT Analyst
Location Louisville
Mobile Number 502-***-****
Email ID acenab@r.postjobfree.com
Visa Status H1B Visa- Expiring Oct 2015
Passport Number J8093310
Issued at Chennai on: 5/10/2011
Valid up to: 4/10/2021
Contact this candidate