Parmjeet Kaur

acez1g@r.postjobfree.com

732-***-****(H)/732-***-****(C)

Professional Summary:
. Overall experience of 6 Years including 1+ years of IT experience as a
MS SQL Server 2012 Developer in marketing company.
. Strong knowledge of Data Warehouse concepts and technologies such as
ETL processes, dimensional modeling, Star and Snowflake Schemas,
reporting tools and surrogate key generation.
. Strong knowledge in Logical and Physical Database design & development
and Data modeling using the Erwin Data Modeler tool. Also performed
consistency checks using DBCC utilities to ensure the physical
consistency of the database and objects.
. In-depth knowledge of Transact-SQL (DDL and DML). Proficient in
creating Tables, Indexes, Joins, Triggers, Views, Stored Procedures,
User Defined Data Types and Functions.
. Experienced in report generation using Crystal Reports, XML, MS Access
and Excel.
. Proficient in creating Chart reports, Drill down and Drill through
reports by passing parameters using SSRS 2012.
. Conversant with all phases of the Software Development Life Cycle
(SDLC) involving business process analysis, requirements gathering and
analysis, detailed design, development, testing and post
implementation support.
. knowledge in Database Normalization, Optimization and Tuning,
Backup/Restore, Data Import/Export and Troubleshooting.
. Expertise in using tools like the Index Tuning Wizard of the Database
Engine and SQL Profiler for performance monitoring and tuning.
. A motivated, highly organized individual and enthusiastic team player
with excellent communication, analytical and problem solving skills.

Education:
Master from Punjab University Chandigarh, India in 2005

Skill Set:
MS SQL Server 2012, MS SQL Server 2008 Analysis Services (SSAS), MS SQL
Server Integration Service (SSIS), MS SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS),
Microsoft Access /2010, ERWIN 9, Microsoft Visio 2010/2007, T-SQL, HTML,
XML, XSL, MS office 2010/2007/2003, Windows 2008/2003, Windows XP/7.

Mindshare World
NYC, NY
MS SQL Server/SSRS Developer
April-2013-Present
Mindshare is a global media and marketing services company. It offers
clients an integrated solution across core services such as strategic
media planning, negotiation and execution. In this company I was involved
in to provide data to the client so that they can analysis the strategy
or profits they gain during the launch of new campaign. I mainly worked
on T-SQL, SSIS and SSRS.
Responsibilities:
. Actively involved in writing T-SQL Programming for implementing
Stored Procedures and Functions and cursors, views for different
tasks.
. Developed and maintained a combined data store for reporting purposes.
. Generated reports using Global Variables, Expressions and Functions
using MS SQL Server Reporting Services 2012.
. Identified the database tables for defining the queries and defined
datasets for report generation.
. Defined report layouts including report parameters and wrote queries
for drill down reports using SSRS 2012.
. Created parameterized, drill down and aggregation reports in MS SQL
environment using SSRS 2012.
. Generated daily, weekly and monthly reports for the managers.
. Administered interface to organize reports and data sources, schedule
report execution and delivery, and track reporting history using SSRS
2012.

Tools & Technologies:
MS SQL Server 2005/2008, Management Studio, SQL,Reporting Services SSRS,
Data Modeling, Data ware Housing, ETL, T-SQL, SQL Profiler, Windows 2007.

Cigniti, INC.
Irving, TX
IT Recruiter
April-2012-March-2013
Cigniti is Independent Software Testing Services and consulting company.
Cigniti has global delivery centers in US, India, London, and Colombia,
Cigniti has a near-shore delivery center in Irving, Texas in the US and a
large offshore development center in Hyderabad, India.
Responsibilities:
. Expertise in full recruitment life cycle in IT staffing contracting
and Permanent Placements in US market and well known about the cycles
like W2 / 1099 / CTC and CTH.
. Worked with Preferred Vendors and Direct employers.
. Developed and implemented strategies for sourcing and hiring software
consultants through multiple channels
. Upload resumes in CRM and submit to matching requirements.
. Conducted in-depth personal & phone interviews, technical testing,
presenting offers, and salary negotiations
. Build up my own vendor Database for the H1B, Green Card, EAD and USA
citizens submissions and storing in centralized DB application
. Perform full life cycle recruiting for Information Technology
Professionals.
. Post and maintain all job requirements on Dice.com and other job
sites.
. Pre-screen resumes, set up interviews, and process new hires for
employment.
. Conduct in office interviews, presentations, follow-ups and closing of
potential candidates.
. Identify and qualify candidates for employment at different
professional levels, i.e. System Administrators, System Analysts,
Database Administrators, Software Developers, Web Developers, Program
& Project Managers, Network Specialists and Programmers.
. Targeted passive candidates with wide range of search using Internet
search engines like Dice, Monster, Google groups and networking
websites like facebook, twitter, LinkedIn.
. Maintaining good relation with IT consultants and Employers for future
requirements
. Reporting to the Account Manager on daily basis.

GCOM software, INC.
Albany,NY
IT Recruiter
Jan-2010 - March-2012
Gcomsoft is a full-service IT Consulting and development services company,
dedicated to helping our clients deliver exciting software applications.
Gcomsoft continuously focuses on quality and stability of our services that
we provide to our clients. We meticulously analyze and fully understand our
client's needs. Perhaps this is what enables us to sustain our excellent
record of accomplishment. GCOM has provided consulting and development
services to fortune 1000 companies/government agencies including but not
limited to State of NY, State of MA, New York City NYC Health, DOITT,
NYCEDC, FDNY, DOL, DOH,DOT,OMH, DCJS and DSNY.GCOM's main offices is in
Albany.
Responsibilities:
. Expertise in full recruitment life cycle in IT staffing contracting
and Permanent Placements in US market and well known about the cycles
like W2 / 1099 / CTC and CTH.
. Worked with Preferred Vendors and Direct employers.
. Developed and implemented strategies for sourcing and hiring software
consultants through multiple channels
. Upload resumes in CRM and submit to matching requirements.
. Conducted in-depth personal & phone interviews, technical testing,
presenting offers, and salary negotiations
. Build up my own vendor Database for the H1B, Green Card, EAD and USA
citizens submissions and storing in centralized DB application
. Perform full life cycle recruiting for Information Technology
Professionals.
. Post and maintain all job requirements on Dice.com and other job
sites.
. Pre-screen resumes, set up interviews, and process new hires for
employment.
. Conduct in office interviews, presentations, follow-ups and closing of
potential candidates.
. Identify and qualify candidates for employment at different
professional levels, i.e. System Administrators, System Analysts,
Database Administrators, Software Developers, Web Developers, Program
& Project Managers, Network Specialists and Programmers.
. Targeted passive candidates with wide range of search using Internet
search engines like Dice, Monster and Google
. Maintaining good relation with IT consultants and Employers for future
requirements
. Reporting to the Account Manager on daily basis.

Cogniter Technologies,
Chandigarh, India
Role: - SEO Specialist (Marketing)
June-2006-August 2007

Cogniter is one of the fastest growing Mobile, Web and software
development companies, with offices in USA, Canada, Panama and India.
I worked as a SEO Specialist.

Responsibilities:

. SEO/SEM (Search engine optimization/Search engine Marketing).
. Internet/Email marketing.
. One way Link building/Reciprocal Link Building.
. Off page/On Page optimization.
. Directory Submission.
. Search engine submissions.
. Article Submission.
. Keyword search.
. Monthly Keyword Ranking Reports.
. Ranking Check in Alexa, Google, Yahoo,Msn.
. Blogging

Adesh Group of Institutions, India
Adesh College of Nursing,
Role: - Customer service representative Jan-2005-
April 2006

Adesh college of Nursing Muktsar is a part of Adesh Group of Institutions.
Adesh College of Nursing (ACN), Muktsar was established in 1992 by the
Adesh Welfare Society. The college is affiliated to the Baba Farid
University of Health Sciences, Faridkot. The college is approved by Indian
Nursing Council (Govt. of India), PNRC (Govt. of Punjab). The college
believes that the basic course in Nursing is a formal educational
preparation which should be based on sound educational principles. A course
offered by Adesh College of Nursing is GNM, B.Sc, and M.Sc.

Responsibilities:-
. Represent course plain to customers.
. Responsible for entering, transcribing, and verifying a variety of
alphanumeric data onto an on-line, batch mode, or personal computer
system.
. Collect mess money from students, Cash handling and doposit to bank.
. Perform the tasks of maintaining files and recording of entry
activities of complex data.
. Handle responsibilities of backing up files and preparing routine
reports.
. Responsible for reviewing data for accuracy.
. Provide administrative support to business operations by performing
tasks such like data entry, scanning, mail sorting and other similar
activities.
. Perform full responsibilities of data entry of material from source
documents to a computer database.
. Ensure accuracy and completeness data and perform clerical tasks in
areas of data entry.
. Handle full responsibilities of receiving and distributing incoming
mail and materials.
. Perform all other essential duties as assigned.

(Parmjeet kaur)
Contact this candidate