TEENA
Phone # 678-***-****
E-mail: acoej3@r.postjobfree.com

SR SQL BI Developer

SUMMARY
. 8+ years of experience as SQL Server BI Developer (SSIS/SSRS/SSAS)
including writing T-SQL Programming.
. Very good hands-on experience in development and implementation of Data
Warehouse applications.
. Designing, constructing, and testing of ETL processes. Created SSIS
packages to extract data from the transactional and/or operational
databases, transforming the data according to analytical / reporting
business needs, and loading the data into a Data Warehouse or Data mart.
. Strong understanding of project life cycle and SDLC methodologies
including RUP, RAD, Waterfall and Agile.
. Designing and Development of Reporting Solutions using tools like SSRS,
Crystal and other BI Reporting products in the market.
. Extensive experience in MS SQL Server 2012/2008R2/2008/2005/2000, BI
tools like SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Reporting
Services (SSRS), and SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS).
. Proficient in using T-SQL for developing complex Stored Procedures,
Triggers, Tables, Views, User Defined Functions, Relational Database
Models and Data Integrity, SQL joins and Query Writing.
. Knowledge on integration of BI suite of products with Microsoft Office
range of products like MOSS (SharePoint), Business Scorecard Manager,
Dashboards, Performance Point Server.
. Expertise in creating Dashboards, Metrics, Rules and Goals,
corporate/personal dashboards, Alerts.
. Worked in Data modeling, creating star and snowflake schemas in SSAS.
. Experience in maintaining Error Logging using Exceptional Handling in T-
SQL and MS SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS).
. Highly Proficient in developing SSIS Packages to Extract, Transform and
Load (ETL)/DTS data into the Data warehouse from Heterogeneous data
sources such as Oracle, DB2, MS Excel, MS Access, CSV, Oracle, flat file.
. Proficient in creating, configuring and fine-tuning ETL workflows
designed in DTS and MS SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS).
. Strong experience in designing and developing large number of enterprise
reports (SSRS/Business Objects) using the data from ETL loads, SSAS Cubes
and various data sources.
. Expertise in creating cubes with dimensions and facts tables in MOLAP
Warehouse using SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS).
. Expert in designing complex reports like reports using Cascading
parameters, Drill-Through Reports, Parameterized Reports and Report
Models and ad hoc reports and deploying SSRS reports on the portal for
user accessibility.
. Expert in writing parameterized queries for generating tabular reports,
formatting report layout, sub-reports using global variables, subtotals,
expressions, functions, sorting the data, defining data sources for the
reports using SSRS.
. Strong experience in logical and physical database design and development
using Erwin and MS Visio.
. Knowledge of working with Shell scripts in a UNIX environment.
. Worked on end-to-end projects.
. Worked in collaborative team environment with other developers, business
analysts, and a project management team.
. Effective interpersonal, conflict resolution and communication skills.
Team oriented, technically motivated.

Certification

. SQL Server 2008 certified.

Technical Skills:

Databases: SQL Server 2008 R2, SQL Server 2012, SQL Server 2014, Access,
Oracle 9i/10g/11/11g, MySql, data warehouse.
Database Tools: SS Management Studio, Query Analyzer, SQL Profiler, Index
Tuning Wizard, Upgrade Wizard, Databases Maintenance Plan
Wizard, Data Transformation Services (DTS), Business
Intelligence Development Studio, SQL CMD, SQL Server DBA
Dashboard, Toad for SQL.
Languages: T-SQL, C, VB 6.0, VB.NET, PL/SQL, ASP.NET 2.0, Java, HTML,
UML, XML, XMLA, JavaScript, MS SharePoint, MS windows
BI Tools: SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Crystal Reports
9.0/8.5,OLAP, Cognos, Tableau
Operating Systems: Windows NT Server, Windows Server 2003, Windows XP,
UNIX, Agile, Linux

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Jefferies, Mar'13-Till date
NYC, New York

SQL BI developer (SSRS/SSIS/SSAS)
Jefferies LLC is an American global investment bank and institutional
securities firm headquartered in New York. The firm provides clients with
capital markets and financial advisory services, institutional brokerage,
securities research, and asset management. This includes mergers and
acquisitions, restructuring, and other financial advisory services.
Jefferies was named one of the World's Most Admired Companies by Fortune
magazine in 2011.

Responsibilities:
. Writing queries to generate reports for analysis of data using SQL Server
Reporting Services (SSRS), Report Builder.
. Extracted data from SQL Server 2008 into data marts, views, and/or flat
files for Tableau workbook consumption using T-SQL.
. Developed and executed UNIX scripts to schedule loads, through wrapper
shell scripts for calling Informatica workflows using PMCMD command.
. Generated Reports using Global Variables, Expressions and Functions for
the reports in SSRS.
. Responsible for scheduling the subscription reports with Data Driven
Subscription Windows File share and Email Delivery using SSRS.
. Generated various Drill-through reports, parameterized reports, sub-
reports and linked reports using SSRS and integrated into the web front
end.
. Created the Data source connections, Data Source Views, Relationships,
Named Query for customized analysis in SSAS.
. Worked on Data Driven Subscription Tables for Quarterly Reports, Monthly
Reports as well as Daily Reports.
. Created ETL packages with different data sources (SQL Server, Flat Files,
Excel source files, XML files etc) and then loaded the data into
destination tables by performing different kinds of transformations using
SSIS/DTS packages
. Developed Cubes using SQL Analysis Services (SSAS) and Experience in
Developing and Extending OLAP Cubes, Dimensions and data source views.
. Created reports using stored procedure and Experience in building Reports
on Analysis Services cubes (SSAS).
. Created very complex SSIS Packages with considering all the best practice
like error handling, logging, configurations, deployments, maintenance.
. Involved in daily loads (Full & Incremental) into Staging and ODS areas,
troubleshooting process, issues and errors using SQL Server Integration
Services (SSIS) 2012/2008.
. Involved in complete SSIS life cycle in creating SSIS packages, building,
deploying and executing the packages in both the environments
(Development and Production).
. Used various Transformations in SSIS Dataflow, Control Flow using for
loop Containers, and Fuzzy Lookups etc.
. Created complex Stored Procedures, Triggers, Cursors, Tables and other
SQL Joins and Statements for Applications by using T-SQL.
. Calculated measures and dimension members using multi-dimensional
expression (MDX).
. Involved extensively in designing of OLTP database.
. Created schemas, keys and indexes considering the granularity of the
data.
. Created and Designed Data Source and Data Source Views Using SQL Server
Analysis Services 2008 (SSAS).
. Performed incremental data load packages in SSIS.
. Designed Data flows, Workflows and jobs to load data from source to
target in BO Data Integrator.
. Schedule Data Integrator jobs using Data Integrator Administrator.
Develop data staging tables and create indexes in the destination table
in order to make the ETL process faster than expected.
. Deploy the packages in Production server ad schedule the packages
according to the requirements.
. Deployed SSIS packages and Reports to Production Servers.

Environment:
MS SQL Server 2008 R2, MS SQL Server 2012,Tableau, Enterprise manager,
Query Analyzer, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS,DTS, SQL profiler, Query Optimizer, T-SQL,
Share Point 2010, MDX, ETL,C#,VB Microsoft Visio 2003, MS Visual Studio
2008.

Capgemini, Oct'12-Mar
'13
NYC, NY
MS SQL SSIS/SSRS DEVELOPER
Capgemini is one of the world's foremost providers of consulting,
technology, outsourcing services and local professional services. Present
in over 40 countries with almost 140,000 employees, the Capgemini Group
helps its clients transform in order to improve their performance and
competitive positioning.

Responsibilities:
. Worked on SQL Profiler and Query Analyzer to optimize DTS package queries
and stored procedures.
. Developed SSIS Templates which can be used to develop SSIS Packages such
a way that they can be dynamically deployed into Dev, Test and Production
Environments.
. Created databases and schema objects including tables, indexes and
applied constraints, connected various applications to the database and
written functions, stored procedures and triggers.
. Designed data models using Erwin. Developed physical data models and
created DDL scripts to create database schema and database objects.
. Involved in performance tuning using indexing (Cluster Index, Non Cluster
index) tables.
. Worked on other packages of the SQL server 2008 Edition SSRS (SQL Server
Reporting Services), SSAS (SQL Server Analysis Services).
. Extracting Incremental data (Change Data Capture) from Source Systems
using Informatica Power Exchange.
. Performed daily tasks including backup and restore by using SQL Server
2008 tools like SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Server Profiler, SQL
Server Agent, and Database Engine Tuning Advisor
. Involved in Installation, Configuration of Share Point Form in Cluster
Environment.
. Designed and developed Star and Snow Flake Schema as a data analyst.
. Created components, tools, techniques, methods and procedures used in an
on On-Line Analytical Processing (OLAP) environment for accessing and
translating data into understandable and usable business information
using SSAS
. Migrated and recreated existing Dimensions and Cubes using Star schema on
2008 Server to achieve the efficiency of SQL Server Analysis (SSAS).
. Created Cubes with multiple dimensions, measures, hierarchy, complex MDX
queries, Key Performance Indicators as well as slowly changing
dimensions.
. Performed tune to optimize SQL queries using SQL profiler and query
analyzer.
. Created reports with Analysis Services Cube as the data source using SQL
Server 2005/2008 Reporting Services.
. Involved in providing information to functional segments of the
organization using Data marts.
. Involved in developing and modifying VB and XML reports for exporting the
reports to web application.

Environment:
SQL Server Reporting Services 2008/20012, SSAS, Informatica, MDX, MS SQL
Server 2008/20012, SSIS, Front Office 10.2 / 10.3, Windows XP, MS Office
2007.

Macys, May'10-Oct '12
Johns Creek, GA

Sr. SQL BI Developer (SSIS, SSRS, SSAS)
Macy's, Inc. is one of the nation's premier retailers, with fiscal 2013
sales of $27.9 billion. The company operates the Macy's and Bloomingdale's
brands with about 840 department stores in 45 states, the District of
Columbia, Guam and Puerto Rico, and the macys.com and bloomingdales.com
websites. The company also operates 13 Bloomingdale's Outlet stores.

Responsibilities:
. Developed SSIS packages to conduct simple and complex transformations,
and executed these packages using the execution package.
. Worked on the data warehouse design and analyzed various approaches for
maintaining different dimensions and facts in the process of building a
data warehousing application.
. Conducted data migration processes in the SQL Server environment using
SQL Server Integration Services 2005/2008.
. Designed and deployed Reports with Drop Down menu option and Linked
reports.
. Involved in Creation of Dimensions using STAR and SNOW FLAKE Schema
. Deploying and scheduling Reports using SSRS to generate all daily,
weekly, monthly and quarterly Reports including current status.
. Wrote complex Stored Procedures, coding and triggers to capture updated
and deleted data from OLTP systems.
. Experienced in implementation of strong referential integrity and
auditing by the use of triggers.
. Extracted data from many operational systems, including flat files,
spread sheets and RDBMSs like SQL Server and Oracle
. Conducted and automated the ETL operations to Extract data from multiple
data sources, transform inconsistent and missing data to consistent and
reliable data, and finally load it into the Multi-dimensional data
warehouse
. Created new cubes and modified existing cubes using SSAS 2008 to make
data available for the decision makers.
. Deployed and processed SSIS Packages and SSRS Reports weekly to update
information (As per business logic) by using SQL Server Agent and windows
Scheduler.
. Created jobs, alerts to run SSIS, SSRS packages periodically. Created the
automated processes for the activities such as database backup processes
and SSIS, SSRS Packages run sequentially using SQLServer Agent job and
windows Scheduler.
. Migrated and recreated existing Dimensions and Cubes using Star schema on
2008 Server to achieve the efficiency of SQL Server Analysis (SSAS).
. Performance tuning MDX and dimensions design and scaling to large numbers
of users in SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS).
. Worked with Transactional and Snap-shot Fact-Tables.
. Optimized existing stored procedures to achieve improved performance
. Developed advanced correlated and un-correlated sub-queries in T-SQL to
develop complex reports.
. Developed Cross-Tabbed and Sub-Reports in SSRS 2008.
. Generated reports using the Crystal Reports and Reporting Services
2008Designed and Developed matrix, tabular and parametric Reports in the
SQL Server Reporting Services 2008.
. Defined cubes, dimensions, user hierarchies, aggregations in an OLAP
environment
. Designed user defined hierarchies in SSAS including parent-child
hierarchy.
. Created complex SSIS packages using various transformations.

Environment:
MS SQL Server 2008, Windows Server 2003, Informatica, Enterprise manager,
MDX, Query Analyzer, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS,DTS, SQL profiler, Performance
Monitor, Query Optimizer, T-SQL, Agile, Share Point Portal Server 2007
(MOSS 2007), IIS 6.0, .XML, ETL, Microsoft Visio 2003, MS Visual Studio
2008.

Harvard Street Neighborhood HealthCare Center Inc., June'09-
May '10
Boston, MA,
SSRS/BI Developer
At Harvard Street Neighborhood Health Center, we strive to be in the
vanguard of health centers in Boston that provide world-class clinical care
in a safe and compassionate, patient-centered, healing, environment.

Responsibility:
. Successfully migrated data between different heterogeneous sources such
as InfoPath forms, flat file, Excel, Access Database and SQL Server 2008
using SSIS, BCP and Bulk Insert.
. Worked with T-SQL, DDL, DML and DCL.
. Designed DTS/SSIS packages to export and import data from SQL Server to
MS Access, Oracle10g,Infopath files, text files and Excel files.
. Encapsulated frequently used SQL Statements into stored procedures and
coding thereby reducing the execution time.
. Created the automated processes for the activities such as database
backup processes and SSIS Packages run sequentially using SQL Server
Agent job.
. Writing queries to generate reports for analysis of data using SQL Server
Reporting Services, Report Builder.
. Designed and created Report templates, bar graphs and pie charts based on
the financial data.
. Dealt with huge amount of data and used SSAS in order to retrieve the
data
. Generated Reports using Global Variables, Expressions and Functions for
the reports using SSRS 2008.
. Designing and implementing a variety of SSRS reports such as
Parameterized, Drilldown, Ad hoc and Sub-reports using Report Designer
and Report Builder based on the requirements.
. Designed OLAP Star and Snow-flake schemas and then Dimension and Fact
Tables
. Designed SSRS reports with sub reports, dynamic sorting, defining data
source and subtotals for the report.
. Generated Reports using Global Variables, Expressions and Functions for
the reports using SSRS 2008.
. Developed Query for generating drill down reports in SSRS 2008.Prepared
AD HOC reports through report builders.
. Used OLAP Processing Tasks for automatic processing of OLAP Databases
. Involved in taking backups of SSAS database and restoring them when
needed.
. Created data driven subscriptions for different users using Report
Manager.
. Designed and implemented stored procedures and triggers for automating
tasks.
. Created and Designed Data Source and Data Source Views Using SQLServer
Analysis Services 2008 (SSAS).
. Written and executed complex T-SQL queries using SQL Management Studio
for back end data validation testing.
. Identified the measures, dimensions and defined cubes to enable decision
makers to drill through the detail data
. Developed Access and SQL Database and wrote queries for data migration
and Reporting Services. (SSRS).
. Developing backup/restore and recovery procedures, performing weekly
backup databases by using SQL Server 2005 and restoring these databases
in different server.
. Created cubes and defined the dimensions

Environment:
SQL Server 2008 Enterprise, MDX,WindowsEnterpriseServer2003, SSAS, SSIS,
SSRS, InfoPath, Access, Agile, Share Point Portal Server 2007 (MOSS 2007),
IIS 6.0, .XML, ETL, Microsoft Visio 2003, MS Visual Studio 2008, C#,
ASP.Net 3.5, VB.Net.

Aurobindo Pharmaceuticals, Nov '08-May
'09
INDIA
SQL developer
Among the largest ' Vertically Integrated ' pharmaceutical companies in
India, Aurobindo has robust product portfolio spread over major product
areas encompassing CVS, CNS, Anti-Retroviral, Antibiotics,
Gastroenterologicals, Anti-Diabetics and Anti-Allergic with approved
manufacturing facilities by USFDA, UKMHRA, WHO, MCC-SA, ANVISA-Brazil for
both APIs & Formulations

Responsibilities:
. Worked with Implementation team and closely moved with end users to
implement manufacturing solutions.
. Worked closely with developers, end users and Administrators in designing
and creating databases and other objects.
. Actively involved in designing databases for the system.
. Developed several database objects such as tables, triggers and views and
also stored procedures.
. Created Snapshot Replication for the Development and Testing Databases
across different Servers.
. Created and scheduled jobs and alerts.
. Studied the existing environments and accumulated the requirements by
interaction with various aspects.
. Successfully loaded data from an EXCEL, Access, Flat files into a SQL
Server database.
. Developed & executed several optimized queries.
. Written several stored procedures to achieve various functionalities of
the system.
. Created packages using DTS for moving data from MS Access to SQL Server.
. Assisted the Application team in data modeling and T- SQL coding.

Environment:
SQL Server 2008, Visual Basic 6.0, Windows NT, T- SQL, EXCEL, Access

HDFC Bank, India
Sep '06 - Nov '08
SQL Server Developer
The Housing Development Finance Corporation Limited (HDFC) was amongst the
first to receive an 'in principle' approval from the Reserve Bank of India
(RBI) to set up a bank in the private sector, as part of RBI's
liberalisation of the Indian Banking Industry in 1994. The bank was
incorporated in August 1994 in the name of 'HDFC Bank Limited', with its
registered office in Mumbai, India. HDFC Bank commenced operations as a
Scheduled Commercial Bank in January 1995.
Responsibilities:
. Installing and Configuring of SQL Server 2000/7.0 0n windows 2000/NT OS.
. Created tables, indexes, sequences, constraints, triggers and procedures.
. Managing of databases objects like Tables, views, indexes etc.
. Implementing Backups and restoring when necessary.
. Used BCP utility to publish table output to text files.
. Managing of users including creation/alteration, grant of system/db roles
and permission on various database objects.
. Used DDL and DML for writing triggers, stored procedures, and data
manipulation.
. Extensively used joins and sub queries to simplify complex queries
involving multiple tables.
. Developed scripts for maintaining administration tasks.
. Developed DTS Packages to transfer the data between SQL server database
and files.
. Creation and management of database maintenance plan for various database
consistency checks.
. Used SQL Profiler to monitor the server performance, debug T-SQL and slow
running queries
. 24x7 Production support.

Environment:
Windows 2000, SQL Server 7.0/2000, Enterprise Manager, SQL Profiler, DTS, T-
SQL, BCP, Replication
Contact this candidate