Kandiah Ravindran
ETL & BI Developer / BI Report Author
acqgml@r.postjobfree.com (M) 614-***-****

Executive Summary
Around 14+ years of progressive IT experience in designing and developing data warehouse and BI solutions.
Extensive experience in building of a Enterprise Data Warehouse / data marts using ETL (extact, transform and load) tools, schema designing of data marts, implementation of data transformation and data cleansing rules.
Extensive experience in developing dashboards, scorecards and BI solutions that provided visibility for the senior leadership team and the business in achieving better service quality, workforce management and business process optimizations
Good command over Oracle databases with experience in transforming use cases into database designs, identifying facts and dimensions, denormalizing and summarizing data.
Experienced in managing ETL and BI teams from operational perspective meeting internal & external SLAs. Proven ability to manage projects to ensure that deliverables are met within schedule, budget, & quality
Excellent analytical, communication, and facilitation skills with the ability to gain consensus across multiple teams. Self motivated, able to handle multiple priorities and excellent time management skills and a good team player

Technical Roles
Team lead ETL & BI
Cognos OLAP Modeller
Cognos metadata modeller
Report Author
ETL Developer
Oracle PL/SQL Programmer
System Analyst
BI and ETL Tools
Cognos 10.1.2, 7X
Transformer
Framework Manager
Report Studio
Query Studio
Analysis Studio
Cognos Transformer
Data Junction
Lotus Notes
Microsoft Visual Basic
Databases
IBM DB2
Oracle 11g
Access

Educational Qualification

1989-1994 - Bachelor of Electrical Engineering - Carleton University, Ottawa, Canada

Professional Experience

Jul 04 – Till Date Safelite Auto Glass

Role: Tech Lead ETL & BI
ETL Tools: IBM Data Stage, Data Junction
Databases: Oracle 11g, IBM Db2
BI Tools: Cognos 10.1.2, 7X BI Suite including Cognos Framework Manager, Cognos Power play, Transformer, Cognos Report Studio, Query Studio, Analysis Studio

As an ETL Tech Lead, performed source system and operational database analysis by working with system architects to understand the entities, their relationships, business drivers and historical design decisions. Transformed business cases into database designs and identified facts & dimensions.
Co-ordinated with cross-functional global teams, business users and stake holders to resolve issues pertaining to change requests, new report requirements and new ETL requirements etc.
Co-ordinated with the infrastructure team, production control teams and the BI / ETL team to support activities that address data quality issues, deploy quick fixes etc.
As a BI lead, Liaisoned with the senior leadership team to understand strategic BI initiatives with regard to retail and wholesale sales, worked with process owners to understand goals/tactics, KPI’s & metrics.
As a BI Tech Lead, extensively involved in designing and development of various dashboard and scorecard type BI solutions that provided visibility for the senior leadership team and the business in achieving better service quality, workforce management and business process optimizations.
Involved in end to end development of a “Performance pay plan” solution that helped in technician performance evaluation and compensation, Sales data mart based BI solution that helped in evaluating business performance, budgeting and forecasting, financial data mart based P&L reporting solution that helped financial department in monthly financial close activities.
Coordinated migration of Cognos 7 reports, cubes and meta-data models from IBM Cognos 7 to Cognos 10.2
As an ETL Team Lead, directed the ETL development efforts by providing direction to project teams, by understanding business processes, gathering requirements, identifying potential usability issues, managing scope, and ensured that appropriate level of data quality was maintained at all times.
Responsible for development of automated master and transactional data loads, identification and implementation of data transformation and data cleansing rules during data integration from various systems to data warehouse using IBM Data stage.
Prepared data mapping documents, ETL templates to extract data from heterogeneous sources for load it into the enterprise-wide data warehouse after cleansing and transformation.
Responsible for troubleshooting, performance tuning, performance monitoring and enhancement of ETL jobs, coordination of the ETL team, business analysts and the QA Team during release cycles.
Performed impact analysis on the change requests from clients and proposed solutions, documented ETL test plans, test cases, test scripts, and validations based on design specifications for unit testing, system testing, functional testing, prepared test data for testing, error handling and analysis.
Jan 1996 – June 2004 Covansys Inc.,

Clients: GMAC Insurance, Safelite Auto Glass, American Electric Power
Tools: Oracle 8.1, SQL Plus, Data Junction, IBM Db2, Syncsort, Oracle 7.3, Lotus Notes, Informatica 5.1
Coded and implemented PL/SQL packages to perform accident tracking reports for GMAC Insurance
Worked on performance tuning of the sql queries to run the report efficiently.
Worked with other team members to write test cases for unit testing for these reports.
Created detail ETL Standards documents for Design, Development for Safelite Auto glass
Created Mapping documents that helps the ETL Team to build effective and efficient mappings, Created ETL process to load sales budget data into data warehouse tables at Safelite
Extensively used synsort, at Safelite, to sort and merge files for Data Junction output files to load into DB2 tables.
Created Dataflow diagram to schedule data junction and synsort jobs in TWS scheduler.
Created Employee vacation tracking report using Lotus Notes platform at AEP.
Involved in conversion project using Informatica tool to bring data from other sources into AEP’s database.
Contact this candidate