BALAJI SUNDARAM
Sr.SAP BI/BW Consultant
acqo5c@r.postjobfree.com
732-***-****

Professional Summary:
Over 7+ years of IT experience in Implementation, Upgrade, Maintenance and Support in SAP BI/BW. Extensive experience in SAP BW - Data Modeling, Report development and expertise in Performance tuning.
In Depth understanding of multidimensional database architecture. Excellent knowledge in Star Schema, Snowflake Schema and SAP BW extended star schema.
Experience inmigration of BW 3.5 to BI 7.0 and working experience in BI 7.0
Expertise in various versions of SAP BW / BI with multiple implementation experience
Involved in different phases of SAP projects including project preparation, blueprinting, realization and post go-live support (ASAP methodology)
Involved in various phases of the project such as design, development, deployment and support, has played numerous number of roles
Good experience in formulation and execution of standards and procedures for Development Methodology, Reporting & Decision support, Data Integration etc.
Experience in Developing, Reviewing, Executing and Maintaining Test Plans, Test Cases and Test Procedures
Extensively worked with BW enhancements as per client requirements and experience in writing User Exits, Variable exits & routines
Expertise in all aspects of BW implementation - Data Modeling, Data Extractions, Data Analysis and Reporting
Experience in Extraction from Flat files, SAP Data marts, SAP, Non SAP.
Expertise in extracting data from SAP R/3, ECC, FI, LO-Cockpit, CO-PAusing standard extractors, Business Content extractors, Generic extractors
Expertise in Performance tuning in evaluating the statistical performance, improved data load and query performance by Compression, creating Aggregates, Rollups, Partitioning, Indexes, and Data packet size
Expertise in Automation of BW jobs - scheduling/monitoring, Process Chains – Creation & Maintenance
Involved in Data Load process, created Process Chains, and Data Validation.
Extensive experience in creating BI data models (update rules, transformations, generic datasources, routines etc.) &BEx queries (CKFs, RKFs, Exceptions, and Conditions), workbooks and integrating them with BO tools
Extensively used Business Objects reporting functionalities such as Master Detailed, Slice and Dice, Drilling methodology, Filters, Ranking, Sections, Graphs and Breaks.
Extensive knowledge of developing reports and dashboards in BO using SAP BI/ECC as backend datasource
Experience of integrating SAP BW with Business object (Crystal Reports, Xcelsius, Web Intelligence) products.
Extensively worked on BEx Query Designer and BEx Analyzer using various query elements, Variables, Structures, Restricted Key Figures, Calculated Key Figures, Formulas, Filters, Conditions, and Exceptions developing reports, analysis and web reporting.
Created canned reports, complex ad-hoc reports using Business Objects Web Intelligence tools.
Functional experience in Sales and distribution, Leasing, HR, Core banking, Leasing, taxations, General Ledger, production, service etc.
Provided training to end users to use various functionalities of Business Objects
Good client facing, requirement gathering, analytical and solution architecture skills.

Technical Skills:

ERP
SAP R/3 (ECC 6.0), SAP BW 3.5, BI 7.0 (NW 2004s), Business Objects XI 3.0,3.1, Business Objects BI Platform 4.0, SAP Business Objects Data Services
SAP modules
BW NetWeaver, MM, PP, HR, PAYROLL, FI-CO, and SD.
Programming Languages
PL/SQL, C++, Java, PHP,Visual Basic
Databases
SQL Server 2005, MySQL, MS Access and Oracle 10g
Operating Systems
Windows 95, 98, 2000/NT, XP, Vista, Server 2003, Mac, Linux
Platforms
SAP GUI, IBM compatible PC
Applications
MS Office Suite, Adobe Premier, MS Visio, Active Directory
Computer Networks
Installation and Configuration, Ethernet Protocols, TCP/IP, Router & Switch Configuration, Routing Protocols, CLI Programming, LAN/WAN Technologies, Wi-Fi
Reporting
BExAnalyzer, WAD, Webi, Crystal Report, Crystal Xcelsius

Work Experience:

CELGENE, Warren, NJ Mar 2014 – Current
SAP BI/BOBJ Developer

Celgene is a Global Pharma, where we discover and develop platforms for drug and cell-basedtherapies allow us to both create and retain significant value within our therapeutic franchise areas of cancer and inflammatory diseases. Scientists and physicians at Celgene are the driving force behind our success, enabling target-to-therapeutic platforms that integrate both small-molecule and cell-based therapies

Contribution
Full life cycle implementation, which involve Requirements gathering, Blue printing, Development, Testing, Reporting, Go-live and Post Go-live support.
Analyzed and translated the client’s business requirements and functional specifications into technical specifications, data flow diagrams and data models
Cooperated with the Client’s process teams in identifying and documenting necessary KPI and reporting requirements to build a reporting architecture.
Worked SAP Net weaver Portal Integration.
Modeling
Building and enhancing BI objects that include Info Objects, Data Sources, Transformations, DTP, DSO, Info Cubes, Multi-providers, Info set and Open Hub.
Data Source Objects are created for staging for AP, AR line item data, multi cubes and Infosets are created to satisfy reporting requirements.
Activation of the Business Content for Accounts payable (AP), Accounts Receivable (AR), Profitability Analysis (PA), General Ledger (GL), Special Ledger (SL), Purchasing (MM), Cost Center Accounting (CO-CA), CRM activity items cube and customizing them as per the client requirement.
ABAP programs are used to populate user exit variables.
ETL
Standard extractor and generic extractors are designed to meet the reporting requirement of defining relationship between demand and supply.
Start routines, end routines are used to cleanse the data before updating into InfoCubes.
Schedule, performance and monitor periodic data loads from SAP R/3 to BW, delta loading and DSO Loading process.
Automatic deletion of requests InfoPackages and dynamic selection criteria, Help design system landscape.
Creating and moving Transports from Development to Production using specific transportation tool GSKC (Global SAP Knowledge Center).
Maintained Process Chains to automate and schedule the data loads.
Reporting
Integrated BO with SAP ECC and SAP BI 7.0 to build Universes.
Designed, Developed and Maintained Universes by defining joins, cardinalities between tables applying contexts and alias tables to remove cyclic dependencies.
Developed Business Objects Universes with classes, objects and condition objects.
Hierarchies are implemented to support drill down reports.
Worked on creating HR reports on Headcount, No of Personal actions and Change in Staffing Level.
Contexts and Aliases are created to resolve chasm and fan traps in Universes.
Joins strategies are created while designing the universes.
Customized queries using navigational attributes and filters in BEx analyzer and used customer exits as per client requirements.
Using complex queries reports are created where universe is the main data provider for reporting
Using Left outer join and inner join, Infosets are created and used for reporting.
Several complexes-cross tab reports and sub-reports are published using Crystal Reports and Business Objects Reporter.
Designing, reporting templates with BEx Analyzer and Web Analyzer using key figures, features, hierarchies, variables, properties, exceptions and conditions in the query definition.
Expertise in using entire Business Objects XI application suite and Involved in design, development, testing and implementation of Crystal Reports, Webi, Xcelsius (Dashboards).
Cross tab and Drill down options are enabled using Crystal Reports.
Enabled/Disabled different servers in Central Configuration Manager and Central Management Console.
Xcelsius dashboards are created on top of crystal reports and live office.
Webi Reports have been created deployed through Info View.
Extensively Worked in SAP Live Office to create connections between Webiand Xcelsius Dashboards.
Trouble shooting and tuning of the reports.
Assisted end users writing reports and performing Ad hoc Queries.
Worked on Query Testing.

CENTURY 21 Department Stores, Secaucus, NJ Dec 2012 – Feb 2014
Sr. SAP BI Consultant & Analyst

Century 21 is a chain of department stores in the northeastern United States.The scope of the project
was to create a Data warehousing and Reporting/Analytics system to support the Finance and ORD processes.

Contribution
Full life cycle implementation, which involve design, development, extraction and reporting of the data from R/3 system and flat files in to BW system using LO Cockpit Extraction methods for SD, MM, PP modules.
Analyzed Info Cubes and DSO to meet the reporting needs of the client.
Observing all periodic schedules like daily/weekly and monthly is successful.
Analyze the errors occurred while uploading the data if the request fails and make the latest data available in data target.
Modeling
Designing and Development of the Business Information Warehouse and enhancing the Business Content Info Cubes and R/3 extractors using ABAP/4.
Identifying the customer needs, modeling the data and defining the Data Sources at OLTP for the SD, FI and MM module.
Activated Business Content for standard SD, MM Info Cubes, Info Sources and Info Objects and enhanced standard Business Content based on client requirements for Transaction, master and texts data
Expert in Data modeling techniques like Transformations, DTP’S, Data migration, DSO and structuring the info cubes as per the requirements.
Analyzed the PP info cube and DSO objects to meet the reporting needs of the end user.
ETL
Setup Tables for the LO Cockpit extraction.
Used T.code 0LI7BW to create setup tables based on the document range for the LO-Cockpit extraction.
Performed V3 update using LBWE to get the data from the outbound queue of the R/3 system to the delta queue of the BI system.
Extracted data from MM inventory (2LIS_03_BF data sources), and SD (Sales and Distribution) modules and compared with POS-DM data.
Extracted Sales and Distribution (SD) and Process Orders (PP-PI) to analyze Data.
Process Chains for periodic upload of the master data as well as the transactional data are created.
Formula variables, conditions, exceptions, exception aggregation, cell editors, customer exit variables and structures are created for developing complex custom reports.
Reporting
Report development on manufacturing modules like MM, SD, QM and integration experience with FICO.
Used RRI (Report-Report Interface) in order to get detailed information about Sales orders.
Wrote reports in SD Open sales Order report, which covers all organization levels, delivery status, shipping figures in BEx analyzer to facilitate data analysis in a drill down or summarized way to give detailed level of information.
Reports like Confined Quantity and Item Purchase orders, Purchase Order quantities delivered, Purchase order Values are created.
Created Conditions, Exceptions, Structures, and Variables to use them in BEx Reporting.
Extensively involved in the Performance Tuning of Info Cubes and Query reporting.
Modified existing queries on various Info Cubes related to SD and HR-Payroll.
Extensively worked on Query building, filtering, free Characteristics, Restricted Key Figures and variables, Query variants using BEx Analyzer.
Designed Universes and classes by Business Objects XI 3.1 enterprise tool and build all the objects required for WebI reporting which performed selecting, joining tables, cross tab, ranking, and alerter functions.
Reviewed all SAP MM reports and carried out modifications as per Clients requirements.
Designed and deploy ad-hoc reporting functionality using WebI.

SONY Electronics, San Diego CA Apr 2011 – Nov 2012
SAP BI / BW Consultant

This project which is being done to have a pre-packaged solution, using the BusinessObjects tools, which acts as an accelerator to rapidly implement industry specific KPIs andDashboards. These are developed using Webi, Dashboard Design on SAP BusinessObjects for BIPlatforms 4.0.Following are the KPIs developed as part of this project.

Responsibilities:
Involved in gathering, analyzing, and documenting business requirements, functional requirements and data specifications for the BW reporting.
Activated the Business contents for all the Standard extractors in all the Order to Cash functions and AP, AR, GL functions.
Involved in the design and development of Profitability Analysis (PA) Cube in Controlling (CO) and Profit Center Accounting (PCA) as part of SAP FICO BW Enhancements.
Created infocubes (Planning/Actual cubes) for costing based COPA and Created MultiProvider to combine data from both Planning and Actual COPA cubes.
Prepared and executed the workplan which includes the complete cutover execution including pre cutover activities and post cutover activities.
Setup Flat file extraction for legacy mainframe data, creating the entire data flow path from datasource to ODS object.
Uploaded master and transactional data from files and SAP R/3 as the OLTP source. Worked extensively on administration workbench (RSA1). Customized Info Objects, Info Sources and Info Cubes, Creating Info Packages, Event Scheduling, Monitor settings into BW data targets.
Enhanced the standard extractors to get additional data to meet reporting requirements.
Configuration usingLO Cockpit, Well versed with V3 update
Created Update rules, transfer rules, update routines, and transfer routines as per client requirements.
Worked on creation of Process chains, Meta process chains, scheduling of chains.
Worked extensively in BEx Analyzer in building Queries, Making global and local structures, restricted key figures, Structures, Variables, Exceptions, conditions and RRI.
Setup OpenHub destinations for data extraction to downstream datamarts.
Managed the everyday availability of the reporting system and ensured all the batch loads complete within the execution windows defined.
Generated BOBJ Reports using the Universe as the main Data provider.
Created critical reports like drill down, Slice and Dice, master/detail for analysis of Sony parts sale and servicing.
Created anXcelsius dashboard to display the part sales, returns, claim and serving KPI categorized by Geo, Model, service regions etc.
Environment: SAP ECC 6.0, SAP BI 7.0, SAP BW 3.X BEx, BOXI 3.1, Business Objects XIR2/6.5 (Supervisor, Designer, Reporter, Broadcast Agent, Web Intelligence and Info View), Crystal Report XIR2, MS Access, My SQL, and SQL Server.

The Coca-Cola Company, Atlanta, GA Dec 2009 – Mar 2011
SAP BI/BW Consultant

This is an upgrade project, and it involves upgrading SAP BW 3.1 version to SAP BI 7.0 to leverage New features and functionality that simplify administration for IT and also enhance its value as an analytical tool for end users.

Responsibilities:
Worked on scheduling BW jobs, monitoring these schedules on ESP schedulers (third party monitoring tool) and process chain monitor.
Worked on user incidents, resolving issues (batch tickets) that occurs, interacting with the client and functional teams (for resolving errors, performing system changes, clarifying issues, status meetings etc).
Handled Performance Tuning of queries using Aggregates, Table Partitioning and Indexing of Info Cubes
Tuned and Enhanced Universes Performance by implementing Aggregate and Index Awareness.
Created objects such as Infopackage, ODS, Infocube, Infosource etc.
Performed enhancements and break-fixes in the system.
Extensively involved in Production Support by loading Daily/Weekly loads into the BI system from different source systems
As a part of Production support involved in monitoring load failures, Delta loads, and monitoring the performance of the system
Worked in maintaining and tracking statistics data generated both automatically and manually, running system, unit and regression tests.
As a team member, often involved in direct client interaction, meetings etc required to solve problems and issues.
Performed outage activities like delta queue draining, holding process chains etc.
As work demands, have good logical thinking and good communication skills to close issues within an agreed frame of time.
Environment: SAP ECC 6.0, SAP BI 7.0, BEx, BOXI 3.1, Business Objects XIR2/6.5 (Supervisor, Designer, Reporter, Broadcast Agent, Web Intelligence and Info View), Crystal Report XIR2, MS Access, My SQL, and SQL Server.

Societe General, India Sep 2008 – Nov 2009
SAP BW Consultant

Responsibilities :

Gather and assess business information needs and prepare system and reporting requirements.
Review and validate data loaded extracted, loaded, and transformed into the data warehouse for accuracy.
Troubleshoot business issues and bring potential options to realization.
Installed and activated the SAP BW Standard Info Cubes, ODS, Info Sources, Info Objects, BEx Reports and Web templates.
Loading flat file according to the request of the user.
Developed Infopackage and DTP for the data loads and manually loaded data from source to target.
Ensure to timely delivery of weekly and monthly report.
To ensure team maintains timely movement of data into the data warehouse through management of data loads, resolving technical and timing difficulties as needed.
Capture and analyze business needs and strategic information requirements
Develop detailed analysis and design specifications with the Business Intelligence Application Developer and Data Architect
Maintains support documentation for business users.
Analyze and document business processes, business rules and RACI metrics.
Ensure to close the ticket within target period.
Environment: SAP BW 3.5, SAP R/3 4.7, SD, FICO, LO Extraction, Business Objects (BOBJ), Reports, Designer, Web Intelligence (WebI), Info view, Universe, Crystal Reports, Xcelsius.

Verizon – MCI, India Jan 2008 – Aug 2008
SAP BW Consultant

Responsibilities:
Involved in the Business Process study and identifying the reporting requirements
Worked on Front end, Queries, BEx Analyzer and presenting the result in workbook for Reports based on InfoCubes, ODS Objects and published the Web with Drill down features
Query development using BEx Analyzer/Browser, Developed flexible queries using filters and navigational attributes to facilitate data analysis in a drill down or summarized way
Analyzed, Enhanced InfoCubes, ODS in standard delivered Business Content in SD, MM and FI/CO with specific requirement to the client’s business process
Created custom cubes for customer and vendor cycle core returns, sales order item/quantity Sales order header for fill rates, custom ODS etc.
Worked on standard flows from the Business Content for MM – Purchasing for Transactional data
Created Aggregates, worked on Performance Tuning and Production Support
Worked on data extraction, LO-Cockpit, CO-PA
Worked on R/3 Data Extraction Enhancements
Environment: SAP BW 3.1C, SAP R/3 4.6, SD, FICO, LO Extraction, BEx Analyzer, Reports, Query Designer, Web Intelligence (WebI), Info view, Universe, Crystal Reports,.

Education:
Bachelor of Engineering - India.
Contact this candidate