Name: Yared
Phone: 404-***-****
Email:acrntm@r.postjobfree.com
Location: Lynnwood, WA
Profile:
Highly knowledgeable and experienced SQL Developer with business-savvy and driven nature. Proactive and resourceful professional with track record of success in designing, developing, and debugging code modules to ensure customer needs are met and satisfaction remains high with every project.
Work Experience
HaHu Consultancy, Bellevue, WA 09/2014-Current
MS SQL Developer/BI Developer
HaHu Consultancy is a mid size IT training center that focus on providing its students with the skills they need to successful in their carrier. The project I participated in focuses in developing a new student portal to automate the manual process of fresher’s recruitment. It is an entry level recruitment portal of TCS for fresher which starts form registration of candidates both campus and off campus candidates and deals with generating offer letters and joining letters until the candidates are scheduled to start the training.
Responsibilities:
Transferred data from various OLTP data sources, such as Oracle, MS Access, MS excel, Flat files, CSV files in to SQL Server 2012/2014.
Excellent knowledge in creating source to target mapping, edit rules and validation, transformations based on business.
Complete documentation of understanding including sign-off of Application Implementation Document.
Involved in all stages ETL Requirement gathering, designing and developing various mappings, until testing, integrating testing and regressing testing.
Data validating and Profiling based on the business and functional requirements.
Migrating development reports from Dev to Test and then to PRD environment.
Design and developed table structures, stored procedures and functions to implement business rules.
Provided/ reviewed detailed technical specifications and ETL documentations required in each phase of the SDLC, and comply with internal standard and guidelines.
Preparation of test Case document, Test Summary Report, Operational Manual, Support Manual.
Environment:
SQL Server Data Tools 2010/2012, Visual Studio 2012, MS Access, MS Excel, TFS, Data Quality Clients.
DRC Research Center, Gondar, Ethiopia 07/2013-05/2014 MS SQL Server Developer/ BI Developer
DRC is a research pharmaceutical company that was established on the principal that, research and development would be cornerstone of the growth strategy. The company produces a wide range of prescription and over-the counter products including tablets, capsules, suspensions, and solutions, creams and ointments. The project mainly involved in creating SSIS packages and Reporting. Created Views and wrote Stored Procedures. Created good number of SSIS package to support the Billing System. Generated tabular and matrix reports using SSRS by following the given requirements by using SSRS.
Responsibilities:
Worked closely with technology and business user staff to complete workflow improvement and document functional specification from systems.
Developed, monitored and deployed SSIS packages.
Used most of the controls and features in SSIS for transforming data from different sources.
Created SQL Server Report using SSRS.
Identified the Data Sources and defined them to build the Data Source Views.
Developed Query for generating drill down/drill through reports in SSRS.
Generated Reports using Global Variables, Expressions and functions for the reports.
Actively involved in the generating Matrix, Sub reports and complex reports with multi value parameters for the analysis of Performance.
Identified and worked with Parameters (e.g. cascading parameters) for Parameterized reports in SSRS.
Created complex Stored Procedures, Triggers, Functions, Indexes, Tables, Views and other T- SQL code and SQL joins for applications.
Implemented different types of constraints on tables.
Designed and applied entity and attributes description and definition for the models. Environment:
MS SQL Server, BIDS, SSRS, SSISS, Windows XP/ Windows 7 Education:
BSC in Computer Science, BahirDar University, Ethiopia.
Contact this candidate