HIREN PATEL
Email id: acsd9i@r.postjobfree.com
Phone:973-***-****
C2C or CTH

Professional Summary:
●Over 8 years of IT experience in Database Design, Data Modeling, Migration, Development, Administration, Implementation using SQL Server 2012/2008R2/2008/2005 and Visual studio 2010/2008/2005.
●Highly skilled in configuring and creating SSIS solutions for ETL and Business Intelligence Process for Data Integration and Migration services and managing Event Handlers, Package Configurations, Logging, System and User-defined Variables for SSIS Packages.
●Experienced in Creating, Configuring and Fine-tuning ETL workflows designed between Homogenous and Heterogeneous Systems using SSIS of MS SQL Server 2012/2008R2/2008/2005.
●Experience in transforming unstructured data from various data sources using SSIS Transformations like Conditional Split, Lookup, Merge Join and Sort and Derived Column for cleaning bad data, validating data.
●Created SSIS packages using package logging, Breakpoints, Checkpoints and Event handling to fix the errors.
●Experienced in Data Conversion, Normalization and Data Modeling, Multi-Dimensional Modeling and involved in creation of Fact Tables, Dimension Tables, Star Schema and Snowflake dimensional schema using Erwin Tool.
●High expertise in creating Reports of all types in SSRS, like Ad-hoc Reports, Drill-Down Reports, Drill-Through Reports, parameterized Reports, Pivot and Tabular Reports based on client requirement.
●Responsible for writing Parameterized Queries for generating Tabular reports and Sub reports using Global variables, Expressions, and Functions, Sorting the data, Defining Data sources and Subtotals for the reports using SSRS 2012/2008R2/2008/2005
●Expertise in Developing and Extending MS SQL Server Analysis Services 2008 (SSAS) Cubes, Data Mining Models, Deploying and Processing SSAS objects.
●Adept in defining referenced relationships and calculated members in SSAS and used MDX queries.
●Strong experience in Stored Procedure, Formulated Stored Procedure/TSQL coding, Performance Tuning and Query Optimization.
●Highly proficient in the use of T-SQL for developing complex Stored Procedures, Triggers, Tables, User Defined Functions, views, indexes, user profiles, Relational Database models, Data integrity, query writing and SQL joins.
●Expert in using tools such as Bulk Copy (BCP) and Data Transformation Services (DTS).
●Extensive knowledge in developing and implementing Disaster Recovery Model, and Replication Models.
●Expert in using tools like MS SQL Profiler, Index Tuning Wizard, Windows Performance for monitoring and tuning SQL Server performance.
●Excellent communication and inter-personal skills with ability to develop creative solutions for challenging client needs using agile methodologies.

Education:
Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Technology.

Skill set:
MS SQL Server 2012/2008R2/2008/2005, SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS), SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS),BIDS, DTS, Import/Export Data, Bulk Insert, BCP, SQL Profiler, SQL Query Analyzer, Enterprise Manager, Management Studio, Replication, SQL Agent, Oracle 10g/11g, SQL Developer, MS Visual Source Safe 6.0/8.0/2005, Visual Basic 6.0, T-SQL,PL/SQL,HTML, CSS, XML, VB.Net., Erwin tools.

Professional Experience:
Client: NewEdge Financial, New York City, NY
Duration: July 2014 - Present
Role: MS SQL BI Developer
The scope of the project was to develop sales reports and statistics covering weekly, monthly, quarterly and annual historical information for the Sales department using SSRS and to implement business analysis over the OLAP cubes of the data warehouse with SSAS.

Responsibilities:
●Gathered business requirements, definition and design of the data sourcing and data flows, data quality analysis.
●Designed SSIS Packages to transfer data from various sources like Text Files, XML (Extensible Markup Language) Files, SQL Server, Excel and Access to SQL Data Tools.
●Optimized queries using Database Engine Tuning Advisor and SQL Profiler.
●Worked with different control flow items like Execute Package, Execute SQL, Send mail and Bulk Insert tasks.
●Extensively used derived column, union all, conditional split, audit, script, lookup, SCD, row count, fuzzy lookup and fuzzy grouping transformations in SSIS packages.
●Responsible for creating SSIS packages to load data to dimension and fact tables in SQL Server data warehouse.
●Created configuration files and enabling logging and error handling in SSIS, and using user defined variables to dynamically configure packages during runtime in SSIS.
●Responsible for scheduling SSIS jobs using SQL Server Agent, and created alerts for successful and unsuccessful completion of Scheduled Jobs.
●Involved in writing T-SQL programming to implement Stored Procedures and Functions for different tasks and created Triggers to enforce data and referential integrity.
●Built packages and handled slowly changing dimensions to maintain the historic data.
●Responsible for optimizing all indexes, SQL queries, stored procedures to improve the quality of software.
●Generated periodic reports based on the statistical analysis of the data from various time frame and division using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)
●Designed and developed matrix and tabular reports with drill down, drill through and drop down menu option using SSRS.
●Created different kind of reports such a Sub Reports, Charts, Matrix reports, Linked reports.
●Used cascaded parameters to generate a report from two different Data Sets in SSRS.
●Scheduled reports for daily, weekly, monthly reports for executives, Business analyst and representatives for various business needs using Subscription in SQL Server Reporting services (SSRS).

Tools & Technologies:
MS SQL server 2012, BIDS, T-SQL, Oracle 11g, PL/SQL, .NET, Power pivot, Visual Studio, SSMS, PowerPoint, MS Project, MS Server Integration services (SSIS), MS Server Reporting services (SSRS).

Client: Promantus Inc,Cary, North Carolina
Duration: April 2013 - June 2014
Role: MS SQL Server BI Developer SSIS/SSAS/SSRS
The project was to build the Enterprise Reporting database for the mortgage department using Business Intelligence Development Studio, and measure significant indicators of mortgage department’s performance over the time period.
Responsibilities:
●Involved in gathering requirements with team lead for efficient reporting of the database.
●Designed high level ETL architecture for overall data transfer from the OLTP to EDW using SSIS.
●Created SSIS packages using various data transformations like fuzzy lookup, derived column transformation etc. to migrate the old Bills information, Customer Information, Contracts Information and other important data.
●Developed and modified parameterized, drill down, drill through, cascading parameterized and sub reports in SQL Server Reporting Services and exported them to Excel format for managers and Quality Analyst team for easy validation.
●Developed various SSRS graphical reports like bar charts, line charts, pie charts by using chart experts for Business Intelligence needs in SQL Reporting Services (SSRS).
●Made various report parameters and query parameters to create parameterized reports using SSRS 2008.
●Created reports having actions like URL and bookmarks which helped to easily navigate through the report using SSRS 2008.
●Implemented caching of reports and managed the report history in the Report Manager.
●Performed complex Expressions to create calculated fields and used Global Variables in SSRS 2008.
●Use ETL/SSIS to implement the slowly changing Transformation, to maintain Historical Data in Data warehouse.
●Used various SSRS expressions in reporting properties to enhance the layout up to the users’ requirements. Deployed reports on the reporting server and manage the subscriptions.
●Optimized the Views, Queries and Stored Procedures to enhance the complex reports. Created clustered and non-clustered indexes wherever possible to speed up the queries which in turn enhance the performance of the reports.
●Created and modified the existing stored procedures, functions, views and queries to have effective reporting. Wrote sub queries in the stored procedures to minimize the logic in the Reporting Services.
●Optimized the query performance by using Query optimizer, execution plan, SQL Server Profiler and optimizing techniques.
Tools & Technologies:
SSRS 2008, SSIS 2008, T-SQL, Microsoft Share point, Microsoft SQL Server 2008, Visual Studio 2005, BIDS, Execution Plan, Query Analyzer, Microsoft Word 2010, Microsoft Excel 2010.

Client: Amegy Mortgage Capital- Woodland, TX
Duration: August 2011 - March 2013
Role: MS SQL Server Developer/SSIS/SSAS/SSRS Developer
Amegy Mortgage Capital provide full service mortgage banking, direct portfolio lending and loan servicing and providing creative financing solutions for all major types of commercial real estate The Project was to manage Database Management System, which included seasonal promotion, sales information and product details.
Responsibilities:
●Performed System Study and Requirements Analysis, prepared Data Flow Diagrams, Entity Relationship Diagrams, Data Diagrams, Table Structures.
●Enhanced the old logical and physical database design to fit new business requirement, and implemented new design into SQL Server 2008.
●Used various SSIS data flow transformations, such as Data Conversion, Conditional Split, Derived Column, and Lookup which were used for Data Scrubbing and Data Validation Checks during staging, before loading the data into Data Warehouse.
●Developed SSIS packages using for each loop in Control Flow to process all excel files within folder, File System Task to move file into Archive after processing and Execute SQL task to insert transaction log data into the SQL table.
●Involved in extracting data from heterogeneous sources, such as CSV and Excel files.
●Generated Sub-Reports, Cross-tab, Conditional, Drill down reports, Drill through reports and parameterized reports using SSRS 2008.
●Created SSRS reports to retrieve data using function, views, cube and Stored Procedures using parameters.
●Involved in creation of various database objects like stored procedures, functions, tables, views, and triggers.
●Configured the report viewing security for various users at various levels using Report Manager
●Fine-tuned SQL Queries for maximum efficiency and performance using SQL Profiler and Database Engine Tuning Advisor.
Tools & Technologies:
MS SQL Server 2005/2008, T-SQL, Windows 2000/2003, Crystal Report 8.5, MS SQL Server Integration Services, MS Share Point, MS Excel, HTML

Client: Cerner Corporation, Kansas City, MO
Duration: April 2009 - July 2011
Role: MS SQL Server/SSIS/SSRS/SSAS Developer
Cerner Corporation designs, develops, markets, installs, hosts, and supports healthcare information technology, healthcare devices, hardware, and content solutions for healthcare organizations and consumers worldwide.
The goal of the project was to build and manage the data warehousing of various business departments like Sales, Inventory management, Budgeting, Production and Forecasting.
Responsibilities:
●Involved in the logical and physical design of the Data mart using dimensional modeling and designed the SSIS Package for the transfer of data from OLTP to data mart.
●Created reports to retrieve data using Stored Procedures that accept parameters depending upon the client requirements.
●Created SSIS script tasks, look up transformations and data flow tasks using T- SQL and Visual Basic (VB) scripts.
●Managed and monitored the system utilization by using the query optimizer and checking the execution plan.
●Designed SSIS packages which utilized tasks and transformations such as Execute SQL Task, Data Flow Task, Sequence Container, For Each Loop Container, Lookup, Aggregate, Expression, OLE DB Command and Derived Column
●Analyze and develop the new objects in Test environment and after testing the objects and reports, migrated to Production Environment.
●Unit tested all the reports by running queries against the warehouse using SQL
●Designed Usage summary and Detail reports in SSRS and responsible for the deployment of the reports on the reporting services website
●Designed, reviewed, and created primary objects (views, indexes, etc.) based on logical design models, user requirements and physical constraints.
Tools & Technologies:
MS SQL Server 2005/2008, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, MS Server Integration services, C#, .NET,
Windows 2000/2003

Client: TCS,India
Duration: October 2007 - March 2009
Role: Software Tester and Database Developer
Working as part of a close knit team performing testing procedures on software applications and ensuring that all errors are identified and corrected before release to clients. Having excellent problem solving and analytical skills and experience of test plans, strategy and procedures throughout the life cycle of a project from specification reviews through to user acceptance. Excellent communications skills and able to liaise with key customer contacts and vendors to resolve software issues. Presently looking for a suitable software tester position with a ambitious company. The scope of the project was to create packages to migrate data from different sources using SSIS and to format and generate reports using SSRS 2008R2, which contained the details of the different type of insurances, end users, the agents and the customer’s data.
Responsibilities:
●Testing software to identify and resolve problems from a end users perspective.
●In charge of testing developed software against specified requirements.
●Accurately monitoring and recording results in test documentation.
●Preparing detailed test plans, acceptance criteria and test scenarios for each project.
●Liaising with developers and programmers to swiftly resolve faults.
●Analysing, writing reports & communicating results to colleagues & managers.
●Monitoring the testing process and identifying and logging test failures.
●Performing peer reviews and estimates.
●Involved in Performance Testing, Scalability / Stress and Load Testing.
●Testing full product suite's, identifying problems & resolving them with the development team.
●Involved in development phase meetings for Business Analysis and Requirements Gathering.
●Interacted with business users and analysts and gathered and documented the technical and business metadata.
●Involved in ER diagrams (Physical and Logical using Erwin) and data mapping the data into database objects.
●Designed database, tables and views structure for the new data mart.
●Created complex Stored Procedures and Functions for integrity checks of transferred data.
●Performed Unit Testing and Tuned SQL statements using Indexes and Stored Procedures
●Helped provide end users with the ability to access and utilize the data stored in the data mart.
●Developed data access queries/programs using SQL Query to run in production on a regular basis and assists end users with development of complex Ad Hoc queries. Developed data access queries/programs using SQL Query to run in production on a regular basis and assists end users with development of complex Ad Hoc queries.
●Worked with SSIS packages to load text files to SQL Server. Maintained the data, database backups and restoration, backup strategies, scheduled backups.
●Responsible for query optimization using MS SQL tools such as Query Analyzer, SQL Profiler, index tuning wizard.
Tools & Technologies:
HP Quality Center, HP QuickTest Professional, HP SiteScope, HP Unified Functional Testing, HP LoadRunner, Selenium Suite,MS SQL Server 2005 Enterprise Edition, MS Access 2003, Erwin v4.0, T-SQL, MS-Excel, MS-Access, SQL Query Analyzer, Visual Source Safe, MS SQL Profiler.
Contact this candidate