Du Long
*** ****** *** *****: 732-***-****
Kearny, NJ, 07032 Email: actcms@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Summary:
About 2 years’ experience of strong MS SQL Server Developer experience with expertise in MS SQL Server 2012/2008R2/ 2008 suite of products like SSRS, SSIS, and SSAS. Strong communication, problem-solving and multi-tasking abilities, excellent in planning, modeling, designing, developing, implementing, administering, and maintaining Microsoft SQL Server 2012/2008R2/2008. Some experience with Oracle, MYSQL Databases.

●Highly proficient in the use of T-SQL for developing complex Stored Procedures, Triggers, Tables, Views, User Defined Functions, Relational Database models and SQL joins.
●Expertise in working on all activities related to the development, implementation, administration and support of ETL processes for large-scale Data Warehouses using Bulk Copy Process (BCP), Data Transformation Services (DTS) and SSIS with MS SQL 2012/2008.
●Proficiency in creating many complex SSIS packages with complicated transformations using SQL Server Integration Services.
●Strong knowledge of Data Warehousing methodologies and concepts, including star schemas, snowflakes, dimensional modeling and reporting tools, worked with high volume databases with partitioned data.
●Excellent in designing complex reports like reports using Cascading parameters, Drill-Through Reports, Parameterized Reports and Report Models using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) based on client requirement.
●Proficient in Database performance optimization, debugging and tuning using the Query Analyzer, SQL Profiler and SQL Server Debugger.
●Demonstrated experience seamlessly learning new technologies in a short span of time, integrating well into any environment, and working well under pressure.
●Strong communication, problem-solving, and planning skills, with ability to work independently or in a team environment.

SKILL SET:
MS SQL Server 2012/2008R2/2008, SSIS 2012/2008R2/2008, SSRS 2012/, T-SQL,PL/SQL, MS Visual Studio 2010/2008/, MS SQL Profiler, SQL Query Analyzer, Erwin Data modeler 7.2/4.2/4.1/4.0, Crystal Reports11/10/9/8.5, C,C++,C#, Oracle 7.x/8i/9i, MATLAB, Windows 8/7/2000/XP/Server 2003, LINUX, Microsoft Office

EDUCATION:
New Jersey Institute of Technology, Newark, New Jersey May 2015
M.S. in Electrical and Computer Engineering GPA: 3. 85/4.0

EXPERIENCE:

Client: Florida Healthcare Plan, Daytona Beach, FL
Duration: May 2014 – September 2014
Role: MS SQL Server /SSIS/SSRS Developer
Job Description:
The aim of this project is to help to create and develop multiple data warehouses from the new data sources. Extracting, transforming and loading data from company linked server and create SSIS packages and generate customer database. The project involved developing sales reports and statistics to cover weekly, monthly, and quarterly information for the Sales department.

Responsibilities:

●Gathered user requirements, analyzed, and designed software solution and database.
●Designing Data Model and implementing changes in the earlier phase of the project to accommodate business logic and dynamic nature of the front end application.
●Designed and modeled Microsoft SQL Server 2008 data warehouse and data marts, including the modification of existing Microsoft SQL Server 2008 data warehouse and data marts.
●Used SSIS packages to roll our data to Live Tables and to Processing Database.
●Developed database objects such as SSIS Packages, Tables, Triggers, and Indexes using T-SQL, SQL Analyzer and Enterprise Manager
●Schedule Package using SQL Server Job for weekly/monthly basis.
● Used Checkpoint for avoiding re-executes Package from the first task.
●Develop the Slowly Changing Transformation to maintain the Historical Data.
●Handling the errors during data moving and Sequencing the task as per requirements.
●Developed packages using fuzzy task for data cleansing.
●Handling the orphan rows in Dimension and Fact tables.
●Participated actively in analysis and discovery phases of data warehouse implementation.
●Perform T-SQL tuning and optimizing queries for Reports which take longer time in execution SQL Server 2008.
●Developed interface and reporting stored procedures, views, UDF for efficient data storage and manipulation
●Extensive work on SSIS creating all the interfaces between front end application and SQL Server 2008 database, then from legacy database to SQL Server Database and vice versa.
●Managed and monitored the system utilization by using the query optimizer and checking the execution plan.

Tools and Technologies:
MS SQL Server 2008 Enterprise Edition, MS SSAS 2008, MS SSRS 2008, MS SSIS 2008, DTS, T-SQL, VB Script, Windows 7,Erwin 7.1

Client: China Telecom, Shanghai, China
Duration: August 2010 – June 2012
Role: SQL Server Developer
Job Description:
The aim of this project was to create and develop multiple data warehouses from the new data sources. Extracting, transforming and loading data from CT linked server and create SSIS packages and generate customer database.

Responsibilities:

●Developed SSIS (ETL) packages to validate, extract, transform and load data from OLTP system, DSR (Staging Database) to Data Warehouse.
●Applied various data transformations like Slowly Changing Dimension, Aggregate, Sort, Multicasting, Conditional Split, Derived column in SSIS.
●Developed and deployed data transfers packages using SSIS, also maintained the jobs running on Servers.
●Responsible for creating database objects like table, Views, Store Procedure, Triggers, Functions etc. using T-SQL to provide structure to store data and to maintain database efficiently.
●Created SSIS Packages to perform filtering operations and to import the data on daily basis from the OLTP system, DSR to SQL server.
●Created configuration file for various SSIS packages to make package dynamic for deployment in various environment.
●Involved in creating jobs and alerts and scheduling it on daily, weekly and monthly bases.
●Deployed and scheduled reports using SSRS to generate all daily, weekly, monthly and quarterly reports including current status.
●Developed and delivered dynamic reporting solutions using MS SQL Server 2008 Reporting Services (SSRS).

Tools & Technologies:
MS SQL Server 2008R2, SQL Server Management Studio(SSMS), SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Business Intelligence, IIS, ER studio, Microsoft Visual Studio 2008, ERWIN, SQL Profiler, MS Excel.
Contact this candidate