Sujitha Allam
Ph: 214-***-****
acthcy@r.postjobfree.com Jr. BI Developer

Professional Summary

Over 3 years of Professional experience in the Design, Modeling, Development, Implementation and Support of SQL Server 2008/2008 R2/2012.
Expert in analyzing, designing, developing, installing, configuring and deploying MS SQL Server products with Business Intelligence in SQL Server Reporting Services, SQL Server Analysis Services and SQL Server Integration Services.
Experience in maintaining one to many and many to one relationships while moving data between two databases.
Expertise in Database Objects creation such as Tables, User Defined Data Types, Indexes, Stored Procedures, Views, User Defined Functions, Cursors and Triggers.
Experience to write stored procedures, temporary tables, views, indexes, triggers, Ranking Functions Joins, Pivot, CTE and complex queries including correlated queries and queries with complex joins and aggregate functions.
Involved in optimizing code and improving efficiency of databases including re-indexing, updating statistics, recompiling stored procedures and performing other maintenance tasks.
Experience in all phases of SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle) and Relational Database Architectures.
Experience in Logical modeling using the Dimensional Modeling techniques such as Star Schema and Snow Flake Schema
Experience in Extracting, Transforming and Loading (ETL) data from Excel, Flat file, Oracle to MS SQL Server by using BCP utility, DTS and SSIS services.
Expertise in enhancing and deploying the SSIS Packages from development server to production server.
Experienced in error and event handling: precedence Constraints, Break Points, Check points and Logging.
Knowledge on Microsoft Visual C# in script component of SSIS.
Expertise in Troubleshooting and Optimizing SSIS Packages.
Defining data warehouse (star and snow flake schema), fact table, cubes, dimensions, measures using SQL Server Analysis Services.
Experienced in generating writing parameterized queries, drill through reports and formatted SQL server Reports in SSRS 2005/ 2008/2008 R2 using data from ETL Loads, SSAS Cubes and various heterogeneous data sources.
Expertise in using global variables, expressions and functions for the reports with immense experience in handling sub reports in SSRS.
Experienced in installing and configuring Reporting services and assigning permissions to different levels of users in SSRS.
Experience in creating Ad Hoc, parameterized reports, Linked reports, Snapshots, Drilldown and Drill through reports using SQL SSRS.
Experience in providing 24 x 7 Production support and On-Call rotation.

Education:

Bachelors in Computer science from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad, India.
Masters in Computer science from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad, India.

CERTIFICATIONS:

70-461 MCSA CERTIFIED: Querying Microsoft SQL Server 2012.
70-462 MCSA CERTIFIED: Administering Microsoft SQL Server 2012 Databases.
70-463 MCSA CERTIFIED: Implementing a Data Warehouse with Microsoft SQL Server 2012.

Technical Skills:
Databases
MS SQL Server 2012, 2008R2, 2008, MS Access.
ETL Tools
Data Transformation Services (DTS), MS SQL Server Integration
Services (SSIS).
Reporting Tools
Crystal Reports XI/X, MS SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).
Data Modeling Tools
ERWIN, MS Visio
BI Tools
MS SQL Business Intelligence
Operating System
Windows 2008, 2003, 2000 Advanced Server, Windows NT, Windows 95/98/2000 XP.

Professional Experience

Capital One, Richmond, VA Jun’14-Till Date.
SQL Server /SSIS/SSRS Developer

Capital One is a diversified bank that offers a broad array of financial products and services to consumers, small business and commercial clients. One of the nation’s top 10 largest banks based on deposits and serves banking customers through branch locations primarily in New York, New Jersey, Texas, Louisiana, Maryland, Virginia, and the District of Columbia.

Responsibilities:

Experienced in designing, developing and deploying reports in MS SQL Server environment using SSRS and SSIS in Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS).
Extensively used SSIS Import/Export Wizard, for performing the ETL operations.
Successfully migrated data between different heterogeneous sources such as flat file, Excel and SQL Server 2012 using SSIS, BCP and Bulk Insert.
Used ETL to develop jobs for extracting, cleaning, transforming and loading data into data warehouse.
Extensively used SSIS transformations such as Lookup, Derived column, Data conversion, Aggregate, Conditional split, SQL task, Script task and Send Mail task etc.
Loading data from various sources like OLEDB, flat files to SQL Server database Using SSIS Packages and created data mappings to load the data from source to destination.
Created the automated processes for the activities such as database backup processes and SSIS Packages run sequentially using SQL Server Agent job.
Deployed SSIS Package into Production and used Package configuration to export various package properties to make package environment independent.
Designed and created views for security purposes, implemented rules, defaults, and user defined data types
Experienced in designing and creating Views, Indexes, Stored procedure, Functions, Triggers based on logical design models, user requirements and physical constraints
Extensively used DML scripts to perform modification tasks like Insert, Update and Delete data in database tables.
Efficient in creating joins and sub-queries for queries involving multiple tables.
Experienced to converted logical model into physical model.
Migrated all DTS packages to SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) and modified the package according to the advanced feature of SQL Server Integration Services.
Reviewed & Tested packages, fixing bugs using BI Dev Environments and Custom Code. Monitored Full/
Incremental/Daily Loads and support ETL jobs for batch processing.
Used different SSIS transformations like Fuzzy Grouping, Fuzzy Lookup, Lookup to transform data and data type conversion.
Used different transformation controls like Lookups, conditional split, data conversion, pivot, Audit, Aggregation, Merge, Merge join, union all, Multicast, sort, OLE DB command and etc.
Designed SSRS reports with sub reports, dynamic sorting, defining data source and subtotals for the report.
Worked on formatting SSRS reports using the Global variables and expressions.
Created parameterized reports, Drill down and Drill through reports using SSRS.
Develop reports using SQL Server Reporting Services and utilizing complex SQL queries and stored procedures, Configure and maintain Report Manager and Report Server for SSRS.

Environment: SQL Server 2012,SQL Integration Services(SSIS), Business Intelligence Development Studio, Visual Studio.

AAMVA, Washington DC, VA Nov’12 – May’14
SQL Server/BI Developer

The American Association of Motor Vehicle Administrators (AAMVA) is a tax-exempt, nonprofit organization developing model programs in motor vehicle administration, law enforcement and highway safety. The association also serves as an information clearinghouse in these areas, and acts as the international spokesman for these interests. AAMVA has huge databases with Vehicle history, Driver history and CDLIS (Commercial driving license information System).

Responsibilities:

Responsible for Design the Business Intelligence using MS BI/SQL Server, to meet the Daily operational and analytical reporting demands of the business.
Extensively worked on creating technical specifications, application development, testing, tuning, and support of MSBI applications.
Involved in complete Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) process by analyzing business requirements and understanding the functional work flow of information from source systems to destination systems.
Implementation of MS SQL Server 2008 Management studio to create Complex Stored Procedures, User Defined Functions (UDFs) Views using T-SQL to evaluate result for the reports.
Responsible for installation and Configuration of SQL Server 2008 database and configuration of Report manager.
Responsible for performing T-SQL tuning, multi tasking and optimizing queries for reports which take longer time in execution with SQL Server 2008.
Worked in designing and optimizing various T-SQL database objects like tables, views, stored procedures, user defined functions, indexes and triggers.
Experienced in designing Data Warehouse schema such as star schema and snowflake by using Erwin.
Worked for production support and on-call rotation.
Provided support to production and development team and resolved database performance issues, database capacity issues and other distributed data issues.
Developed the SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) packages to transform data from SQL 2005 to MS SQL 2008 as well as Created interface stored procedures used in SSIS to load/transform data to the database
Import/Export the data from one server to another and upload the data from flat files.
Used ETL to develop jobs for extracting, cleaning, transforming and loading data into data warehouse.
Used different SSIS transformations like Fuzzy Grouping, Fuzzy Lookup, Lookup to transform data and data type conversion.
Used different transformation controls like Lookups, conditional split, data conversion, Derived column, pivot, Audit, Aggregation, Conditional split, SQL task, script task, Send Mail task, Merge, Merge join, union all, Multicast, sort, OLE DB command and etc.
Created complex SSIS packages using appropriate control and data flow elements with SSIS Standards like error handling, logging and working with package configuration.
Worked on SSIS packages to schedule the jobs.
Extensively worked on SSAS including cube development, partitioning, writing KPIs, implement Drill-through.
Calculated measures and dimension members using multi-dimensional expression (MDX).
Supported team in resolving SQL Reporting services and T-SQL related issues and Proficiency in creating different types of reports such as Cross-Tab, Conditional, Drill-down, Top N, Summary, Form, OLAP and Sub reports, and formatting them.

Environment: SQL Server 2008,SQL Integration Services(SSIS), Business Intelligence Development Studio, Visual Studio.

Axis Bank (Satyam Computers), Hyderabad, India. Jun ’07 – Mar ‘08
ETL Developer

Axis Bank is the third largest private sector bank in India. Axis Bank offers the entire spectrum of financial services to customer segments covering Large and Mid-Corporates, MSME, Agriculture and Retail Businesses.

Responsibilities:

Involved in requirements gathering and created the Technical design documents for ETL Process.
Analyzed the requirements to identify the necessary tables that need to be populated into the staging area.
Extensively worked on Informatica client tools like Designer, Workflow Manager and workflow monitor.
Involved in analyzing the source data coming from different Data sources such as Oracle, Sybase files, Flat files.
Importing source and target tables from their respective databases.
Created complex mappings using Aggregator, Expression, Joiner transformations including complex lookups, Stored Procedures, Update Strategy and other transformations.
Used Parameter files to define values for parameters and variables used in a mappings.
Used workflow manager to create workflows, sessions.
Use Debugger to gain troubleshooting information from the mappings.
Involved in the support.
Created Workflows, Work lets and Tasks to schedule the loads at required frequency using Workflow Manager.
Environment: Informatica Power Center/7.1, Flat files, PL/SQL and SQL.
Contact this candidate