GAGAN DEEP KOHLI
Tel: +1-647-***-****, +1-437-***-**** / 49 Polonia Ave. Brampton, L6Y0K7
E-Mail: acu3sz@r.postjobfree.com / Linkedin: https://in.linkedin.com/in/gagandeep-kohli-746b1b15

CAREER OBJECTIVE

With strong educational qualification in Engineering & almost 8 years of IT work experience, I have strong background in requirement analysis, detailed design and implementation of database / datwarehouse applications in tune with the business needs. Experience in end-to-end Data Warehouse implementation process, from business requirements through logical modeling, physical database design, data sourcing, data quality and data transformation, data loading, SQL’s, end-user tools, database and SQL performance tuning.

My Specialties are designing of ETL- Informatica PowerCenter Flows, usage of various databases like Teradata, Oracle, Sybase and it performance tuning. I have strong Project Management approach along with effective communication skills and a passion for success that consistently inspires teams to achieve excellence.

SKILL SET

DataWarehousing/ BI concepts - Informatica Tools (PowerCenter & IDQ) – Data Quality - Teradata & Utilities – Oracle – PL/SQL - Sybase – SQLServer 2000– Database & Informatica Performance Tuning- Business Reports - Cognos – Unix – Shell Scripting – Perl – ALM tools (Git & Stash) – TWS Scheduler – JIRA - Leading teams – Team Management - Vendor Management – Financial Domain - Teradata Certified

WORK EXPERIENCE

Credit Suisse : Technical Lead / Sr. ETL - DWH Developer Sep 2014 – Present

Leading Risk & Finance regulatory projects for Credit Suisse Credit Risk team.
Responsible for creating strategic solutions, technical design documents for various projects post discussion with business team on BRD’s
Implementation of end to end technical Datawarehousing solutions using Agile Methodology & JIRA tool.
Development involving database design (Sybase, Oracle) & data migration via ETL tools (Informatica Powercenter).
Designing and tuning of complex ETL- Informatica mappings along with data quality for cost & time optimization.
Writing and tuning of SQL Queries along with data analysis and reviews.
Responsible for end to end code deployment and defect fixing starting from Dev – QA – UAT – Prod phases
Involvement in data modeling and review of technical architecture & processes.
Working closely with Project Manager & Business teams for planning and end to end implementation of project
Governance Management for vendors along with team & people management

Morgan Stanley : Sr. ETL - DWH Developer July 2012 - Sep 2014

Managing delivery of datawarehouse tasks for Statement’s project of Morgan Stanley - Global Wealth Management Dept.
Interaction with business users to understand BRD’s for creation of technical design documents
Data analysis and tuning of SQL Queries (Teradata & Oracle) for smooth performance of statements environment.
Designing complex Informatica workflows using various transformations via Informatica PowerCenter ETL tool along with usage of IDQ for data quality - analysis and POC work
Involvement in data modeling and technical architecture reviews with development team.
Writing of UNIX & Perl Script for execution and automation of various processes Statement’s application.
Maintaining environment to ensure smooth statements preliminary and monthly runs.
Monitoring of UAT & Production environments along with end to end code deployment in various SDLC phases using ALM Tools like Synergy, Git & Stash.

Sapient Consulting : Associate Technology L-2 Aug 2011 - June 2012

Client: Toronto Dominion Bank (TD Bank)

Responsible for Datawarehouse development for Basel Lending Data Mart (BLDM) containing credit card information for TD bank
Involved in creation of technical design documents from FSD’s along with Process reviews.
ETL / Database (Informatica & Oracle) design for data conversion, data quality & archival of various TSFG (TD South Financial Group) applications
Involved in designing of complex Informatica mappings for extraction of BASEL data from various systems.
Writing complex SQL queries along with its performance tuning to ensure smooth month end runs.
Creation & deployment of Crystal Reports using data from BASEL Data Marts for end user computing.
Engaged in various activities for Onsite – Offshore Coordination for TD bank

Tata Consultancy Services : Assistant System Engineer Sep 2008 – June 2011

Client: Morgan Stanley

Worked as ETL lead and database developer for various projects for Morgan Stanley Client.
Responsible for development of Wealth Management application by extensive use of Informatica, Teradata, UNIX & Perl.
Involved in Datawarehouse development activities using Teradata and its Utilities – Mload, FastLoad & TPT.
Responsible for writing and Performance tuning of Teradata & Oracle SQL’s for smooth functioning of environment.
Creation of automated processes using UNIX for cost and time optimization of Datawarehouse environment.
Responsible for end to end code deployment and defect fixing starting from Dev – QA – UAT – Prod phases
6 months of Onsite experience of working in Morgan NY office.

EDUCATION

Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, Delhi - Bachelor of Technology, May 2008
Contact this candidate