Professional Summary:
SQL/BI Developer with * years of experience
Broad experience in different phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
Strong experience with demonstrated success in the Database Design, Development, and Implementation using MS SQL Server 2012/2008/2005
Extensive experience in T-SQL for developing Stored Procedures, Triggers, Indexes, View, User Defined Functions, CTE, Temp Tables, Table Variables and SQL Joins
Experienced in Installing, Upgrading and Configuring Microsoft SQL Server
Excellent experience in creating Indexes, Indexed View in observing business rules and creating effective Functions and appropriate Triggers to assist efficient data manipulation and data consistency
Handful experience in creating SSIS packages for extracting, transforming and loading data from Excel, Flat Files and other sources to different databases and data warehouses.
Familiar with OLTP, OLAP and Data Warehousing Design concepts.
Familiar in Building Cubes and Dimensions with different Architectures and Data Sources for Business Intelligence using SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS).
Expertise in creating different reports, like Drill-Down, Drill-Through, Parameterized, and Tabular reports based on client requirement using SSRS
Developed Report Models based in Relational Databases and created Ad-Hoc reports to the specific users in the requested formats using Report Builder
Practical experience in using charts, graphs, cross tabs and gauges in SSRS reports
Experience in creating the SQL Jobs, Sending Alerts using SQL DB Mail and schedule DTS packages
Excellent communication and writing skills with the ability to adapt to new and dynamic environments
Ability to multi-task, prioritize and work with time constraints while paying attention to details
Good problem-solving, judgment, and decision-making skill
Ability to work with all levels of management, willingness to learn and implement new ideas quickly and to be a collaborative team player.
Technical Skill
Databases: Microsoft SQL Server 2005/ 2008/ 2008R2/2012/2014
Operating Systems: Windows2000/XP/2003/Window7/8
Query Language: T-SQL
Programming Language: C #
ETL Tools: SSIS 2008/2012, SSMS Import/Export
Reporting Tools: SSRS 2012 and 2008 R2, Report Builder 2.0 and 3.0
Web Technology: HTML, XML, DHTML
Other Tools/Technology: SharePoint, Team Foundation Server, Microsoft Word, MS Excel, Outlook Express, Power Point

Work Experience
Prince George’s County Public Schools Mar. 2014- April 2016 Upper Marlboro, Maryland
SQL Server BI Developer
Responsibilities:

Participated in gathering requirements and discuss details with team lead
Analyzed the source data and figured out correct data mapping to staging tables, data warehouse and data marts.
Created Tables, Views, Indexes, Stored Procedure and Triggers.
Used multiple join statements to retrieve data and update the tables.
Design and develop T-SQL procedures, query performance tuning and SSIS packages.
Created functions to provide custom functionality as per the requirements.
Used SSIS to implement slowly changing transformation to maintain historical data in data warehouse.
Used various SSIS transformations such as conditional split, look-up table and derived column for data scrubbing and data validation during staging, before loading the data into data warehouse
Deployed SSIS Package into Production and scheduled SSIS jobs through SQL Server Agent
Involved in Unit testing, User Acceptance Testing to check whether the data is loading into target, which was extracted from different source systems according to the user requirements.
Created summary reports, sub reports, Drill Through and Drill-down reports using SSRS.
Deployed SSRS reports in to SharePoint portal and Report Manager
Utilized Microsoft team foundation server and its features for code sharing and updates from other members.

Wells Fargo October 2012 - February 2014 Charlotte, NC
SQL Server/ BI Developer
Responsibilities:

Actively involved in gathering system specification requirements for the project through JRD sessions from business users and Subject Matter Experts (SMEs)
Involved in creation of functional requirement specifications (FRD) and supporting documents for business systems, experience in database design process and data modelling process
Examined and evaluated the data structures in the source and enhanced the old logical and physical database design to fit new business requirement, and implemented new design into SQL Server.
Worked with database objects like Stored Procedures, User Defined Functions, Triggers and Indexes using T-SQL to create complex scripts and batches.
Created and deployed SSIS packages using various Transformations such as Fuzzy Lookup, Fuzzy Grouping, Aggregate and Derived Column Transformations to make data standardized
Involved in package troubleshooting utilizing error logs, checkpoints, breakpoints and data viewers
Implemented package configurations on the development, test, and production environments
Wrote SQL queries on data staging tables and data warehouse tables to validate the data results.
Designed and deployed Drill-Down, Drill-Through and Drop-Down features and Parameterized reports.
Delivered on-demand and scheduled reports on daily, weekly, monthly and quarterly Reports including current status for business analysis or management decisions using SQL Server Reporting Services.

First Health January 2011 – August 2012 Glen Allen, VA
SQL Developer
Responsibilities:

Participated with business analysts in order to gather requirements for design and implementation of database
Created complex Stored Procedures, Triggers, User Defined Functions, Indexes, Tables, Views, SQL joins and other T-SQL code to implement business rules
Used execution plan and tuning advisor to solve performance issues of query and followed instructions to improve query performance.
Installed SQL Server Management tools using SQL Server Setup Program
Created views to facilitate easy user interface implementation, and triggers on them to facilitate consistent data entry into the database
Created Databases, Tables, Cluster/Non-Cluster Index, Unique/Check Constraints, Views, Stored Procedures, Triggers.
Involved in Normalization and De-Normalization of existing tables for faster query retrieval
Created indexed views and appropriate indexes to reduce the running time for complex queries
Performed data cleansing and validation to figure out reportable data based on the requirements.
Wrote and maintained technical documentation based on business and functional requirements.
Generated Ad-Hoc reports as per the client requirements using Report Builder.
Generated various SSRS Reports based on requirements.
Education
Bachelor Degree in Economics- Jimma University
Contact this candidate