Nick Svolos
**** ********* ***. ● Torrance, CA **501 ● 310-***-**** ● acvexu@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/svolos

BI Technical Analyst

Advancing business productivity and decision making through leadership in software development and support

High-energy technology leader with a record of achievement in delivering and training/supporting users to leverage powerful business tools. Creative, analytical problem solver with a proven record in facilitating change. Eligible for security clearance. Additional core competencies include:

Business Requirements System Design Project Management
Strategy SQL Query Development User Support & Training
Leadership Problem Solving Business Intelligence
Software Development Database Design Coaching

Professional Experience

DirecTV, Inc. 2010-2015

Business Intelligence Manager (2012-2015)
Business Intelligence Analyst (2010-2012)
Developed QlikView applications to support decision making in the areas of resource and portfolio management, capitalizing IT labor costs, and managing IT capacity along with business/IT analytics and customer care. Developed SQL queries, data discovery applications and executive dashboards with data from CA Clarity, Service Desk, Human Resources, ADP, the enterprise data warehouse, and other enterprise systems. Reduced cost and accelerated time to delivery of corporate initiatives by developing applications to leverage data from new sources prior to implementation in the data warehouse. Tuned SQL queries to optimize performance and minimize system load. Provided management of the report portfolio of the Clarity Portfolio Management system. Created resources to support end-users who developed reports.

Highlights
Advanced DirecTV's QlikView implementation from a niche platform for interdepartmental reporting to a mid-range system leveraged by seven departments with more than 300 users.
Drove best practices in utilizing the QlikView tool by building a community along with guidelines to support sustainable self-service development of dashboards and reports as a prerequisite for publishing these applications on the enterprise server.
Saved more than $250,000 in the first six months of developing an application to match project labor costs with reported time sheets to facilitate capitalization of costs.

iGate Global Services 2009-2010

Sr. Architect, Clarity Operations Team Lead at Union Bank
Managed the operational support and enhancement of the Clarity portfolio management system at Union Bank. Led offshore developers in delivering user support. Managed on-site and offshore teams, client relations, and delivery of system maintenance. Built SQL queries and custom functionality to support interfaces (accounts payable, general ledger, and service management), financial accounting (cost/benefit/budget plans, process automation, request management), and reporting. Developed, documented, and implemented operational procedures.

Highlights
Built a Clarity support team from the ground up by training offshore resources.
Empowered project managers to access immediate results by streamlining the process generating cost plans for projects by implementing the code to work on a project-by-project basis.

Golconda Systems 2007-2009

Managing Director
Served instrumentally in a diverse range of roles in technology development and leadership for organizations ranging from political campaigns to medical groups.

Highlights
Enabled aggregation of news results for candidates in hundreds of political races from presidential to legislative by developing a set of tools.

Additional Experience

Toyota Motor Sales (2007)
Project Manager (Contractor)
Revamped multiple project schedules, ensured budgetary compliance, and developed and launched metrics on productivity and adherence to standards.

ING Advisors Network (2006-2007)
Sr. IT Project Manager (Contractor)
Managed and turned around the multimillion dollar implementation of SunGard Protegent Surveillance, utilized to identify trades in violation of regulations or company policies in the financial services industry. Regained buy-in from stakeholders and the project team, obtained scope, established project management procedures and policies, and leveraged the firm’s SUMMIT-based SDLC methodology.

Ameriquest Mortgage Corporation (2004-2006)
Sr. Project Manager, PMO
Managed the successful implementation of the time management and project accounting modules of Clarity, achieving 90% and 95% compliance rates. Implemented processes to standardize administration tasks, including record maintenance, data warehousing, and system integrity. Developed a risk management system.

Education

Bachelor of Science, Computer Science, California State University Dominguez Hills

GPA: 3.875
President of the ACM Chapter
Contact this candidate