Oluwafemi Osewa
Mobile: 079********
E-mail: acw0fk@r.postjobfree.com

Profile
I am confident, enthusiastic, keen to learn and have the ability to work effectively within team(s) or alone using own initiatives. I complete tasks and handle difficult situations without guidance or support from people. Above all, I am flexible and pay good attention to detail.
I am hardworking and strive to achieve the highest possible professional standard. I possess excellent communication (written and verbal), numerate, analytic, strong interpersonal, peoples, organisational and IT skills with ability to relate and work with people from diverse backgrounds.
I specialise in buildings solutions to organisational problems by understanding their business logic and using Business Intelligence (SSIS, SSAS, SSRS (SQL Server Data Tool)) for integrating data, reporting and analysing data for the purpose of providing insight.

Key Skills
Agile Software Project Development – ISTQB Certified.
Manual testing and using Transact-Structured Query Language (T-SQL).
SQL – I completed projects involving querying database, report and view creation, insert and retrieve data from database using Structured Query Language in Oracle, SQL Server and Light weight Microsoft Access. I collate data from multiple databases using SQL queries and load them into data warehouses.
Database Warehouse/BI – I am proficient in using Transact SQL (T-SQL) to interact with SQL Server 2005/2008R2 and 2012 databases. I currently develop databases, tables, views and create reports for Management Decision Making (MDM) by using SSRS. I also work on SQL Server Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS)/Data tools for data warehouse and mining purposes using SSIS and SSAS. I also created stored procedures and packages using Visual Studio 2005/2008R2/2012.
XHTML – I have ability to create websites using eXtensible Hypertext Markup Language and HTML.
XML – made use of XML documents in different ways, by inserting and reading from databases, convert files to XML formats and use T-SQL in reading its contents.
Data entry- I am proficient in entering data into different applications. For instance Excel, Access, databases etc.
Programming- I programmed in C#, asp.net while using Microsoft Visual Studio.
Operating Systems – I am proficient in using Windows, Mac, Linux and Unix Os.
I.T. System Support – I supported users in order to use National Health Service (NHS)applications in the care of patients which includes Electronic Patients Record (EPR), PMOffice, PowerChart and Patients Administration System (PAS).
Crystal reports, Qlikview & Tableau.

Training
SQL Server 2005, 2008 R2, & 2012
SQL Fundamental 1 in Oracle 11g
Oracle Database 11g Administration 1
Software Tester, ISTQB, ISEB Foundation Level
Cerner Millennium – Patients Administrative System (Appointment book, PM Office, Appointment Scheduling, Surginet, choose and book, and PowerChart)
Power BI, Qlikview, & Tableau

Employment History
PRA Group Jan 2016 to Sept 2016
Strategy Analyst & BI Developer
Worked in the financial industry, processed debt purchased from financial organisations, developed processes to track and manage customers’ records, put processes in place to track payments, sent customers’ details with account numbers to Call Credit, GB Group and LexisNexis Risk Solutions UK for address and phone numbers tracing, received returned trace results from Call Credit and update database with current customers’ details, created stored procedures, SSIS packages, developed reports and KPIs using SSRS and built data warehouse using SSAS for analysing data, storing historical data and report from it. I liaised with departments in the organisation (Litigation, Commercial and Accounts) to gather requirements and provide solutions to business problems. I utilised Microsoft PowerBI for data modelling and building dashboards.

Aqueous July 2015 to Jan 2016
BI Developer
I specialised in developing BI Solutions, worked with the full BI Stack, developed reports with SSRS and Power BI, and used SSIS for transforming data and data movement across systems, analysed data using SSAS. I creating database objects, data input, manipulation of database objects, update and database security. I deployed reports to Server as and when required. I also managed processes in data migration. I use Power BI for developing reports, data marts, KPI’s and charts for the organisation and departments.

Amey Group April 2015 to July 2015
BI Developer / Data Analyst
I dealt with internal and external data sources, worked on Highway Agency contracts and made use of data relating to contract, traffic, hours-worked, analysed and reported on data for decision making. I was involved in writing T-SQL queries using SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS), using SSIS for moving data around on the same server and to other servers, reporting on data with SSRS and building models. I also developed interactive dashboards for managers and stakeholders for the purpose of decision making.
I built a data warehouse for Amey Group on a new SQL Server and pulled data from OLTP databases into data warehouse, produced dashboards and key Performance Indicators (KPI) to monitor performances, and also stored historical data in Data Warehouse and analysed them using SSAS. Published reports and dashboards on Sharepoint.
Some of the data visualisation tools I used in this role are SSRS and Qlikview for data marts and KPI’s.
I also worked with Data Quality Services (DQS) and Master Data Management (MDM) in order to make sure data is accurate, and to profile and correct data.

Lorenzo Data Migration & BI Developer Sept. 2014 to Apr. 2015
Norfolk & Suffolk NHS Trust, Norwich
I worked on a Lorenzo data migration and integration project. Dealt with Extraction, Transformation and Loading of data from current database/systems (Maracis, iPM, & Epex) into staging area and final destination using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), wrote T-SQL scripts to create tables and other database objects, worked with SQL Server 2012, SQL databases, wrote stored procedures, automated tasks in SSIS and creating SQL Server agent jobs, developed and deployed SSIS packages, created and deployed SSRS reports, built and managed data warehouses, and analysed cubes using MDX and DAX while I managed multiple work streams. Some of the objects I worked on in this Lorenzo project are, Mental Health Reviews, Referrals to Treatment (RTT) and 18 weeks Pathway reporting using SSRS and Power BI, Consultants & Others, Patients, Patients Next of Kin and in general Community Data Set (CDS).
I was involved in writing T-SQL queries using SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS) and developed a new data warehouse using SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS), built cubes using Kimball methodology and queried them with MDX and DAX.
I was involved in using SQL Server and SQL Server Integration Services in testing sources and destinations records, comparing datasets, modifying and transforming data, conversion of data types on the fly and populating multiple targets/destinations objects. I extensively developed and deployed reports to SharePoint server using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).
I also uploaded and downloaded files from CSC from Tumbleweed. The files were then used for Trial Load 1 and 2 before go live.
Data Quality Services (DQS) was used for data accuracy, completeness and to profile and correct data when there is inconsistency. Master Data Management (MDM) software was also used to make sure all data in in a consistent state before data migration.
I developed dashboards and key Performance Indicators (KPI) with SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) and Power BI.
I used Powershell for coding and running scripts.

Holiday & Training Aug. 2014 to Sept. 2014
I was on holiday and have been training on Tableau and QlikView BI tools.

Data Migration & SQL Developer Dec. 2013 to Aug. 2014
Wyndham Vacation Rentals (WVR), Lowestoft, Suffolk
I supported the Internal Development Team and wider business to design and develop best of breed technical solutions to meet business requirements, from requirements gathering to delivery whilst adhering to both the Wyndham Vacation established industry best practices.

I developed data warehouses using Kimball methodology and software solutions in agile environment using SSRS, SSIS, and SSAS (BI Stack) by interacting with SQL Server 2012 databases and its objects using T-SQL. I followed organisation’s coding standards and in accordance with applicable software development methodology and release processes, created technical specifications for new development work, collaborated and added value through participation in peer code reviews, provided comments and suggestions, provided reliable solutions to a variety of problems using sound problem solving techniques, performed technical root cause analysis and outlines corrective action for given problems, served as a mentor to less experienced software engineers, provided estimates for new development tasks, evaluated correct technology choices, offered suggestions to improve processes, and provided comments on design aspects.

My role involved the extraction, transformation and loading (ETL) of data from different sources into destinations item by using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS). Data was migrated for the purpose of implementing a new system. I analysed loaded data using SSAS, built models/cubes using data sources for Data warehouse and queried cube using Multidimensional Expressions (MDX) and Data Analysis Expressions (DAX) and using Power Pivot for analysis included functions in MDX queries and metadata and prepared and deployed dashboards and reports using SSRS and Tableau. Also, I developed data warehouses using Kimball methodology through the intersection of dimension(s) and fact(s) tables. Assisted in making better decisions by making use of measures and dimensions and create graphical representation of data.

I related with databases, tables and other objects using T-SQL. I created tables, views, databases, triggers, stored procedures, and indexing database objects, inserted and updated records with T-SQL.I also used Crystal Reports and Qlikview version 11 applications for data storage, analysis, presentation, created charts and dashboards, sliced and diced data using different functionalities, produced reports for the management and department heads. I worked with Microsoft technologies for business intelligence purpose to integrate and analyse large data sets.

I developed meaningful reports to management using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) and Excel Power Pivot. I also developed dashboards and key Performance Indicators (KPI) with SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) and Power BI and also deployed dashboards onto SharePoint. I managed multiple work streams and worked with other developers to understand reporting requirements.

I worked collaboratively and professionally with other associates in cross functional teams to achieve goals using Team Foundation Server (TFS), applied a sense of urgency, commitment and focus on the right priorities in developing solutions in a timely fashion and performed other duties as necessary. I was exposed to working with data migration using scripts and Data Transformation Services (DTS) tools, was involved in change requests and support tickets.
As WVR deals with proving holiday services, I have experience with financial data and content management using SharePoint 2010. I developed windows based applications using Microsoft Visual Studio and programmed in C#, asp.net and Powershell.

Holiday & Training Sept. 2013 to Dec. 2013
I was on holiday and have been training on SQL Server 2012 including SQL Server Data tools for Business Intelligence (ETL). Got update on new functionalities and changes in SQL Server 2012. Developed data warehouses using the above BI tool which is the full Microsoft BI Stack (SSAS, SSIS, SSRS) which is also known as SQL Server Data Tool (SSDT). I also trained on Qlikview and Crystal Reports BI.
Information Analyst June 2013 to Sept 2013
Public Health England/NHS Cambridge
I supported NHS hospitals’ microbiology laboratories for the purposes of communicable disease surveillance. I met and developed working relationships with the laboratory staff of all levels in the laboratories of the East of England and future geographies. I assessed their hardware, individual skills, and assisted with training and development. I persuaded laboratory staff to report timely, high quality data electronic data. I installed and maintained CoSurv, AmSurv and/or the Second Generation Surveillance System (SGSS) software, and trained and supported the users of these systems.
I made use of SQL Server Management Studio for data manipulation and creation of complex formulae. I used T-SQL to create, update and drop database objects and interacted with databases. I used SQL Server Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS) to Extract Transform and Load data to different destination i.e. databases, data warehouses and flat files. I created packages using Microsoft Visual Studio and run jobs as and when required.

I created data sources, data sources views, dimensions and built cubes with SSAS. This also required building models on the underlining data and assisted different users to analyse data and generate reports using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS). I created both ad-hoc and automated reports for decision making. I was also involved in storing historical data into data warehouse which was used in measuring the increase or reduction in tuberculosis in different parts of England.
The created cubes were analysed using MDX and DAX. I also analysed and modified data using Power Pivot, created pivot tables and charts for presentation and decision making purposes.

I assisted in the maintenance and management of the Regional Unit computer network. I maintained the databases used in HPA (East of England), analysed the data in conjunction with the Regional Epidemiologist and other staff and produce regular and ad hoc reports as requested.
In addition, I was involved in the range of activities within the unit which contribute to the control of communicable disease, ran and maintained the Health Protection Agency’s Regional Co-Surv laboratory surveillance system in the East of England and support this function nationally and across regions as required.

I supported the rollout of new NHS laboratory data capture and analysis systems including HPA AmSurv system for antibiotic resistance surveillance, contributed to analysis of the mandatory health care associated infections surveillance system, undertook epidemiological analyses required for the production of the Unit’s surveillance reports.
I also undertook special analysis as requested by the Line manager, participated in outbreak and incident investigations, and assisted with development of new enhanced surveillance programmes and systems.
Technical Consultant March 2013 to June 2013
IRI Worldwide
I developed high-end data warehouse solutions delivered through a proprietary Business Insights Solution and Microsoft SQL Server 2008 R2. I was responsible for taking a business process and disparate data sources, created relevant stored procedures and SSIS packages to build robust reporting database. I also work using Microsoft BI Stack (SSAS, SSRS, SSIS).

I worked with SQL Server Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS) to Extract Transform and Load data into diverse databases and files from different sources. I also make use of SQL Server Management Studio for data update and manipulation. I created databases, tables, make their relationships, insert data into the tables, granted and revoked access to users to and from databases. I used T-SQL to create, update and drop database objects and interact with databases. On a day to day basis I work in virtual team closely with the Project Manager and Senior Consultant as well as other team members committed to developing the current solution. I also reported directly to my Line Manager with various project status and updates. I met with both internal and external clients on site or at client’s offices for project meetings. I also attended conference calls with my virtual team involving both on-shore and off-shore Consultants and Developers.

I was motivated by excellence in quality and problem solving. I thirst for more knowledge and keen to improve all round experience in developing OLAP and improving my modelling skills. Some skills exhibited in this role are, strong analytical skills, excellent problem solving skills, using creative solutions to problems, highly self-motivated, accountable and committed, positive, can-do attitude, knowledge of relational database technology and Extract Transform and Load (ETL), and knowledge of dimensional design/OLAP/Business Intelligence. I also programmed in C# and ASP.Net.

IT Support Worker Jan. 2013 to May 2013
YourChoice Barnet (London Borough of Barnet)
I managed employees’ records, updated information in the database, created reports for teams, and also supported users in the use of internet and computer applications, trained disabled service users in the use of computers by using specialised and adaptable tools.
Cerner Data Consultant (CRS) Dec. 2012 to Jan. 2013
Cerner/Royal London Hospital, London
After system change over, I updated missed patients information into Cerner Millennium application (PowerChart), registered pregnancy information into database including treatments and medical history and made sure that data quality was taken into consideration.

I supported staff in the use of Cerner applications and escalated technical problems to the IT support desk. Previous experience of working in the NHS using PMOffice, PowerChart, appointment bookings/scheduling and working with Community Information Data Set was useful.

IT Support Worker Oct. 2011 to Dec 2012
YourChoice Barnet (London Borough of Barnet)
I managed employees’ records, updated information in the database, created reports for teams, and also supported users in the use of internet and computer applications, trained disabled service users in the use of computers by using specialised and adaptable tools.
Information Technology Systems Support Officer June 2011 to Oct. 2011
Royal United Hospital Bath NHS Trust
I worked both in outpatients and inpatients receptions and assisted health professionals in the use of IT applications. I collated large datasets by using Excel spreadsheet, transform dataset into tables and charts for decision making.

I was involved in database migration from Microsoft Access to SQL Server 2008R2. Worked on documenting the migration path, changes to be made, testing and rollout.I developed database using SQL Server 2008R2. I provided access to authorized users, retrieved and manipulated data by using Structured Query Language (SQL) queries and SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) to produce reports for management decision making.

I also used SSIS to Extract, Transform and Load data into databases and data warehouses.
I analyzed data using SSAS. These data was extracted using SSIS into database/data warehouse. This helped in analyzing data in different dimensions using measures. I also created reports with Excel using pivot tables and pivot charts. I am also proficient in the use of T-SQL to interact with databases.

I tracked patients case notes to different departments and also store them in the library when consultant and staff have finished using them. I modified patient’s records when required to do so. I booked appointments for patients (18 week referral to treatment), validated 18 week RTT data, rescheduled appointments, managed bed boards, transferred patients from one bed to another using Cerner software, swapped beds between two or more patients, transferred patients from one wards to another, managed patients waiting list, discharged patients from bed board, and assisted doctors with discharge summaries. I worked with Community Information Data Set (CIDS).

I logged, supported, diagnosed software and hardware faults and recorded them into the IT Helpdesk system. I dealt with queries related to the Trust’s Care Records System and Microsoft office desktop applications as well as various healthcare-specific applications. I took training bookings, processed Freedom of Information Requests, issued Smartcards, and processed systems access forms.

I ensured all asset databases and documentation were updated as required in order to track IT equipment. I assisted with other task which provided services that complied with the departments’ agreed levels of service and expected levels of customer service.
I worked in a team of floorwalkers during Cerner go-live, was involved in data validation and supported health professionals in using the new system.

I trained and supported staff in using Cerner millennium applications and other computer programs. I solved issues that related to information systems via IT Help desk and escalated if required. I answered phone calls and replied to mails regarding Cerner applications.
Customer Team Member Aug. 2005 to June 2011
The Co-operative Food
I assisted customers on the shop floor in selecting the right product, liaised with customers if they will be interested in alternative products available, worked in teams to complete tasks, provided quality service to customers in store and made sure that products ordered first are sold first(FIFO).

I.T. Support Worker Jan. 2005 to Aug. 2005
St. Mungos, London.
I provided administrative support to residents, trained residents how to use basic computer programs and the usefulness of the internet and also installed software on hardware used in the hostel.
Business Administrator (Trainee Administrator) Jan. 2000 to Dec. 2000
Goldlink Insurance Company
I assisted Administrative Manager in contacting other branches when need be, posted cheques to branches using courier services, worked in a team to provide support in photocopying and general administrative tasks, took records of staff attendance register, contacted other departments in regards to staff issues, and made sure that employees’ remuneration was paid correctly and regularly.

Education History
M.Sc. Information Systems Development Feb. 2010 to Sept. 2012
London Metropolitan University
B.Sc. (Hons) Business Information Technology Sep. 2008 to Jun.2009
London Metropolitan University
Level 6 - Professional Graduate Diploma in I.T. & AMBCS Jan. 2007 to May 2008
British Computer Society
HND- Management Information Systems Jan. 2005 to Jan. 2008
Institute for the Management of Information Systems
HND- Business Administration and Management Jan. 2002 to Oct.2004
Lagos State Polytechnic

Professional Bodies
Oracle Corporation
British Computer Society (BCS)
Institute for the Management of Information Systems (IMIS)

Interests
I like exercising. good at playing musical instruments for instance piano, guitar and drums, enjoys travelling, love supporting computer/IT system users in making use of applications, program using Object Oriented Programming Language for instance Java and like to have conversation with like-minded individuals.

Languages
English (Fluent), French (Average), Yoruba (Fluent)

References
References available upon request
Contact this candidate