LIANG WEI
+1-647-***-****
acwpws@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
* *****’ Software engineering experience in application development and programming.
* *****’ experience in data warehouse, data analytics, in requirement analysis, data modeling, report designing & supporting in BI, involving unit test, SIT, production test and integration test.
2 years’ team leader and client facing experience, coordinated with global stakeholders across multiple functions, experienced in delegating work duties to individuals, training new graduates with soft skills.
Experts of IBM Cognos Report Studio, Framework Manager, DB2, DataStage, TM1, Transformer and RTC.
Industrial knowledge specialized in Banking, Supply Chain and Finance acquired through commercial projects.
Sound knowledge of business analysis and crystal reports design.
Highly organized and efficient in fast-paced multitasking environments, able to prioritize effectively to accomplish objectives within the schedule.
EDUCATION
Master of Engineering, Software Engineering
The University of Western Ontario, Canada
2016 - present
Project: Recommendation System in Software Engineering Social posting web app using AngularJS and MEAN stack
Core Course: Web Application Development Project Management and Planning Adv. topic in Software Engineering
Introduction to Hacking Intellectual Property for Engineering Human Computer Interface
Bachelor of Engineering, Computer Science and Technology
Hangzhou Normal University, China
2006 - 2010
Thesis: Face Recognition in Video Surveillance under Real Circumstance.
Honor: The Faculty Association Scholarship - in recognition of an outstanding academic record.
RELEVANT WORK EXPERIENCE
Application Developer
IBM Solution & Services (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd, China.
Apr, 2012 – Nov, 2015
Led 4 BI reporting system projects in BI OLAP solution using IBM Cognos 10.1, TM1 and DB2 9.5.
Handled multiple projects in parallel within client satisfactory, excellent in time management and task priorizing.
The Manager’s Choice Award – in recognition for the practice Put the Client First.
Six Projects:
Next Quarter Pipeline (18 mon): Responsible for Data modeling and Cognos report development, integrated REST API services with Cognos reports using JavaScript, WebSphere. Demonstrated project management skills in planning, client-facing and communication as a team lead, trained and guided trainees and new employees.
zDataMart (9 mon): As a technical lead, incorporated with BA and DBA to develop and enhance BI report for marketing strategic analysis, deployed security control and batch schedule, negotiated schedule and job scope in the planning phase with client, built creditability with client by on-schedule delivery with high satisfactory.
Business Technical Leadership (9 mon): Composed design specifications, performed data modeling and performance tuning, collaborated with DB team, business team to clarify requirements as a team lead.
Access Compliance System (6 mon): As a phase II project lead, responsible for data modeling and access control deployment, managed client relationship and gained trust in delivering various technical proposals.
Cognos CoC Finance (12 mon): Cube model tuning and report maintenance using Cognos TM1 and report studio.
Cathay Pacific Airline (3 mon): Maintenance including ETL debugging, job scheduling, log result tracing.
Application Developer
IBM Solution & Services Center, Japan., Ltd
Sep, 2011 – Mar, 2012
One Commercial project: Financial Services Agency (FSA) of Japanese Government
FSA is a BI solution commercial project involving 100+ members including ETL and BI reports using XoBlos, Data Stage, Cognos and FileNet technologies.
Developed insurance and banking reports using IBM Cognos and DB2. Managed testing team in quality assurance during integration test phase. Applied Agile Development using IBM RTC during product development cycle.
Practiced Cognos administrative configurations and security setting according to business justifications.
Experienced with multinational language environment in English, Japanese.
I/T Specialist
IBM Solution & Services (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. Wuhan Branch Jun, 2010 – Aug, 2011
Acquired knowledge of ETL process and IBM Cognos tools. Developed as part of a group an OLAP employee KPI reporting system using IBM Cognos 8.4.
Built up quality assurance system(RQM), transferred testing methodology to colleagues, documenting all the test results for quality process. Responsible for report performance tuning and optimization.
OTHER RELATED SKILLS AND CERTIFICATES
Computer:
Oracle, JavaScript, AngularJS, C, C++, HTML, SSH, Eclipse, Visual Studio, Matlab, Linux
Certificate:
112 - Cognos 8 BI Author, 132 - Cognos 8 BI Metadata Model Developer, 730 – DB2 9 Fundamentals
Language:
IELTS 7.0, Jun 2015
Japanese Language Proficiency Test (N2), Jan 2014
Contact this candidate