Nivedita Ravipati
acy03o@r.postjobfree.com Phone: 908-***-****

Professional Summary:

* ***** ** ** ********** in Microsoft Business Intelligence technologies like SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) and SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS).
Extensive knowledge and Experience in dealing with Relational Database Management Systems including Normalization, Stored Procedures, Constraints, Querying, Joins, Keys, Indexes, Data Import/Export, Triggers and Cursors.
Worked on all activities related to the development, implementation, administration and support of ETL processes for large-scale Data Warehouses using SSIS 2008/2012/2013/2014.
Experience in dealing with high volume transactional data in SQL
Strong experience in SQL Development, ETL development using Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), Business Intelligence delivery using Microsoft SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) and Reporting solutions using Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).
Good understanding and experience in SQL 2008 new features like Change Data Capture (CDC).
Very good experience in Creating, deploying SSIS Packages and migrating DTS Packages from 2000 to 2005/2008/2012/2013/2014.
Experience in migration of SSRS reports from SQL 2000 to SQL 2005 and SQL 2008 and SQL 2008 R2.
Extensive experience in writing Distributed Queries between SQL Servers by creating link servers and federated servers.
Experience in troubleshooting SQL issues by using SQL Tools, execution plans, Trace, statistics, index tuning wizard.
Extensive experience in delivering OLAP solutions by developing Corporate Dashboard Reports using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Report Model and Ad Hoc Reporting using Report Builder functionality.
Experience in Performance Tuning and Query Optimization.
Extensive experience in using SQL Server Profiler to monitor the SQL server for deadlocks, long running queries and tunes the same to improve performance.
Developed ETL process using SSIS with Various Control Flow, Data Flow tasks and Store Procedures for Work Order Validation process.
Experience in creating and managing fragmentation of Indexes to achieve better query performance.
Expert in using tools like Bulk Copy (BCP), Data Transformation Services (DTS) and SSIS.
Created shared dimension tables, measures, hierarchies, levels, cubes and aggregations on MSOLAP/ Analysis Server (SSAS).
Experience in creating reports through PROCLARITY. Used PROCLARITY for accessing and analyzing cubes and dimensions
Experience in developing Custom Report and different types of Tabular Reports, Matrix Reports, Ad hoc reports and distributed reports in multiple formats using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) in Business intelligence development studio (BIDS).
Excellent verbal and written communication skills combined with interpersonal and conflict resolution skills and possess strong analytical skills.
Self-motivated and possess ability for critical thinking, analysis, good interpersonal and communication skills. Team-oriented, technically motivated and creative. User oriented with a desire to learn client's business requirements.
TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Languages
Transact SQL, C, Visual Basic 6.0, VB.Net, C#, .NET, ASP.NET, HTML.
Databases
SQL Server 2012/2008R2/2008/2005/2000,MS Access, Oracle
Analysis/Reporting Tools
SQL Server Reporting Service (SSRS), SQL Server Analysis Service (SSAS), XML Publisher, Power BI
ETL Tools
DTS, SSIS, Data Stage
Data Modeling Tools
Erwin, Visio
Other Software
MS Office- 2007/2003/2000
Operating Systems
Windows /98/2000/2003/XP/Vista
Database Tools
SQL Query Analyzer, SQL Enterprise Manager, Management Studio, Analysis Manager, Reporting Server

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Duro Bag Mfg. Co Dec 2015 - Present
Florence, KY
Role: ETL DW-BI (SSRS /SSIS/SSAS) Developer

Collaborated with Technical Architect to design the Data Warehouse to house data from various data sources and ERPs.
Created SSIS packages for data extraction from various sources such as Flat Files, oracle provider and IBM provider to SQL Server.
Designed various staging databases in order to extract and load the data from various sources optimally.
Involved in creation/review of functional requirement specifications and supporting documents for business systems.
Performed database design and data modeling.
Worked on creating packages such as hubs and satellites for the Data Warehouse.
The packages created included a variety of transformations, Look up, Aggregate, Derived Column, Conditional Split, Fuzzy Lookup, Multicast and Data Conversion.
Used ETL to implement the Type 2 Update, to maintain Historical Data in Data warehouse.
Implemented Event Handlers and Error Handling in SSIS packages.
Developed Charts and other visualization using Power View. Filter and Sorting Data using Power View in Excel 2013.
Created Databases, Tables, Cluster/Non-Cluster Index, Unique/Check Constraints, Views, Stored Procedures, Triggers.
Successfully deployed SSIS (ETL) packages and scheduled jobs.
Modified SQL queries according to the business requirements to load the attributes in Data Warehouse.
Responsible for rebuilding the indexes and tables as part of performance tuning.
Used SQL Server Agent for scheduling jobs and alerts.
Remotely interfaced with various team members and functional teams during various stages.

Environment: ETL, SQL Server 2014, SSRS 2012, SSIS 2012, DB2, Oracle 11g, TFS, Visual Studio 2013, XML, XSLT, MS Office, Visual source safe.

Diamond Hill Investment Group Sep 2015 – Nov 2015
COLUMBUS, OH
Role: ETL DW-BI (SSRS /SSIS/SSAS) Developer

Worked on creating packages such as Hubs and satellites for the Vault.
Implemented Star schema to design the cube.
Analyzing facts and dimensions for data analysis and design within SSAS. Created and deployed cubes, perspectives, partitioning, hierarchies, aggregations, user and roles in SSAS. Created report actions that are linked to a SSAS cube within pivot tables.
Developed C# scripting for packages.
Extensively worked on Data Flow tasks like for each Loop Container to load flat files dynamically.
Used ETL to implement the slowly changing Transformation, to maintain Historical Data in Data warehouse.
Worked with SSIS packages involving Merge join, Pivot and Unpivot Control Flow Transformations.
Generated reports based on the statistical analysis of the data using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).
Implemented Event Handlers and Error Handling in SSIS packages and notified process results to various user communities.
Configured SQL mail agent for sending the error records to a different team.
Created Databases, Tables, Cluster/Non-Cluster Index, Unique/Check Constraints, Views, Stored Procedures, Triggers.
Created User Defined Functions to encapsulate frequently and commonly used business logic making the system more modular, secured and extensible.
Successfully deployed SSIS (ETL) packages and scheduled jobs.
Optimizing Stored Procedures and long running SQL queries using indexing strategies and query optimization techniques.
Used SQL Server Agent for scheduling jobs via A Master Controller.

Environment: ETL, SQL Server 2012/2008R2/2008/2005, SSRS 2013, SSIS 2013, DB2, Oracle 11g,
TFS, Visual Studio 2014, XML, XSLT, MS Office, Visual source safe.

VRI Healthcare Jan 2015 – Aug 2015
FRANKLIN, OH
Role: ETL DW-BI (SSRS /SSIS/SSAS) Developer

Worked with Technical Architect to design the vault to house data from various data sources for all reporting needs.
Worked on creating packages such as Maps, Contents and Links for the Vault.
Implemented Star schema to design the cube.
Design and Develop new SSAS Tabular Models.
Developed detail and summary Financials reports, line and pie chart, trend analysis reports and sub reports according to business requirement using Power View /Pivot Table and SSRS.
Developed C# scripting for packages.
Extensively worked on Data Flow tasks like Execute process task, Transfer SQL Server Objects task and Transfer Jobs task.
Created packages to load the Snapshot Facts.
Used ETL to maintain Historical Data in Data warehouse by versioning the records.
Developed dashboards for demographic information such as population and allow users to drill into geographical objects such state and county information.
Worked in creating hierarchies for dimensional tables such as date dimensions and region dimension tables. Browsing the cube for analysis and validation of the data. Processing the cubes and dimensions on a daily basis using the SSIS tasks.
Implemented Event Handlers and Error Handling in SSIS packages for auditability of the tables.
Configured SQL mail agent for sending the error records to a different team.
Created Databases, Tables, Cluster/Non-Cluster Index, Unique/Check Constraints, Views, Stored Procedures, Triggers.
Created User Defined Functions to encapsulate frequently and commonly used business logic making the system more modular, secured and extensible.
Successfully deployed SSIS (ETL) packages and scheduled jobs.
Used SQL Server Agent for scheduling jobs and alerts.

Environment: ETL, SQL Server 2012/2008R2/2008/2005, SSRS 2012, SSIS 2012, DB2, Oracle 11g,
TFS, Visual Studio 2012, XML, XSLT, MS Office, Visual source safe.

STANFORD Sep 2013 – Dec 2014
Palo Alto, CA
Role: ETL DW-BI (SSRS /SSIS/SSAS) Developer

Responsibilities:

Key role in team of 4 in brining 2005 SQL database environment to SQL 2008R2 by migrating, converting and re-writing DTS packages and updating them to SSIS packages.
Extensively worked on Data Flow tasks such as for each Loop Container, Execute process task, Transfer SQL Server Objects task, Transfer Jobs task and Transfer Logins task.
Used ETL to implement the slowly changing Transformation, to maintain Historical Data in Data warehouse.
Worked with SSIS packages involved FTP tasks, Fuzzy Grouping, Merge, and Merge joining, Pivot and Unpivot Control Flow Transformations.
Used SQL Server Package Configuration technique to make Dynamic configurations.
Used Text Files/ SQL Server Logging for all SSIS packages.
Increased the performance necessary for statistical reporting after performance monitoring, tuning and optimizing indexes.
Used Power Bi to analyze the data and created a template for the financial department.
Responsible for Analysing requirements, designing, maintaining and updating data models using ERWIN.
Worked with different methods of logging in SSIS for various ETL packages.
Generated periodic reports based on the statistical analysis of the data using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).
Deployed and configured the reports in the Report Server.
Extracted Data from various Heterogeneous Databases such as Oracle and Access database, DB2, flat files to SQL server 2008R2 using SSIS.
Helped in creating new component in SSIS called Partition Tasks in C#. Net that creates partitions for the cubes and drops partitions based on some criteria.
Implemented hybrid of Snowflake Schema to design the cube.
Used SSIS to create ETL packages to validate, extract, transform and load data into data warehouse and data marts.
Generated ad-hoc reports using MS Reporting services.
Worked with various SSIS packages, which involve Transactions, Restart ability and roll back techniques.
Configured SQL mail agent for sending automatic emails when SSIS packages fails or succeeds.
Created Databases, Tables, Cluster/Non-Cluster Index, Unique/Check Constraints, Views, Stored Procedures, Triggers.
Created User Defined Functions to encapsulate frequently and commonly used business logic making the system more modular, secured and extensible.
Successfully deployed SSIS (ETL) packages with defined security
Optimizing Stored Procedures and long running SQL queries using indexing strategies and query optimization techniques.
Schedule the packages to keep extracting the data from OLTP at specific time intervals.
Responsible for rebuilding the indexes and tables as part of performance tuning.
Monitored performance and optimize SQL queries for maximum efficiency.
Used SQL Server Agent for scheduling jobs and alerts.
Configuration and Deployment of all reports across various SDLC environments.
Deployed the packages to production using XML package configuration.

Environment: ETL, SQL Server 2012/2008R2/2008/2005, SSRS 2008, SSIS 2008, DB2, Oracle 9i/10g,
Teradata, Visual Studio 2005, TFS, XML, XSLT, ERWIN, MS Office and Visual source safe, Crystal Reports.

Kaiser Permanente August 2011– July 2013
Denver, CO
Role: Sr. ETL BI Developer (SSIS/SSRS/SSAS)

Responsibilities:

Worked with Technical Architects and Database analysts for the Design of Summary tables required for efficient Report Design.
Created complex SQL stored procedures using Microsoft SQL Server 2008 and 2008 R2
Designed the functional and technical documents, report templates and reporting standards for the developers to work on the report development.
Experience in developing reports using SSRS 2008 and SSRS 2008 R2
Created SSIS-ETL packages to load data into Data Warehouse using Various SSIS Tasks like Execute SQL Task, bulk insert task, data flow task, file system task, Execute package task
Created cubes and dimensions and measures and calculated measures according to the business requirements.
Created SSIS packages to Oracle and other SQL Server instances in SSIS2008.
Performed the task of data transfer from files in remote server to folders in another server using FTP.
Created database maintenance plans and deleting of history data using SSIS packages.
Deployed SSIS packages and Reports to Production Servers.
Created several SSIS packages for performing ETL operations to transform data from a cube using MDX.
Generated reports from the cubes by connecting to Analysis server from SSRS.
Developed the SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) packages to transform data from SQL 2000 to MS SQL 2005 as well as Created interface stored procedures used in SSIS to load/transform data to the database.
Worked on T-SQL programming, stored procedures, user-defined functions, cursors, views setup and management of linked servers to Non-SQL-Server databases.
Created SSIS Packages from various data sources.
Created ETL packages in SSIS with event handling, try/catch.
For the data warehouse Analysis services and develops the different reports for the analysis.
Developed various reports using SSRS, which included writing complex stored procedures for datasets.
Involved in Report Authoring, Report Delivery (using both Pull and Push strategy) and Report Management for various types of reports.
Experience in creating snapshots of static reports and configure subscription.
Experience in creating complex SSIS-ETL packages using proper control and data flow elements
Built cubes for production application, Partitioned Cubes to decrease the processing time and increase the performance of the queries running on front end application using SSAS2008.
Extensively involved in the SSAS storage and partitions, and Aggregations, calculation of queries with MDX, Data Mining Models, developing reports using MDX and SQL.
Responsible for logical and physical data modeling, database design, star schema, data analysis, programming, documentation and implementation.
Experience in Developing and Extending OLAP Cubes, Dimensions and data source view.
Extracting the data from the different sources (CSV files, oracle, and MS SQL 2000) and stored the data into the intermediate Staging Database using the SSISETL tool.
Transform the data from the staging database and perform the transformation using the Data Flow Tasks.
Developed complex stored procedure using T-SQL to generate Ad hoc reports using SSRS.
Scheduled the Reports to run on daily and weekly basis in Report Manager and also email them to director and analysts to review in Excel Sheet.
Build database queries and test cases for the testing team to test the reports.
Prepared the reports for the day-to-day as well as weekly/monthly purposes in various formats like MS Excel, PDF, HTML, and XML etc.
Lead the team of developers to write efficient code.

Environment: SQL Server 2008/2008 R2, Business Intelligence Studio (SSAS, SSIS, SSRS), SharePoint 2007, T SQL, Erwin, MDX, ProClarity, MS Excel.

Axis Bank, Hyderabad, India September 2008 - July 2011
SQL Server Developer

Responsibilities:

Generated database monitoring and data validation reports in SQL Server Reporting Service (SSRS).
Created partition table for very large database for good performance.
Designed dynamic SSIS Packages to transfer data crossing different platforms, validate data during transferring, and archived data files for different DBMS.
Utilized SSIS to produce a Data Mapping and Data Mart for reporting worked with Multi-threading Concepts with Synchronous and Asynchronous transactions.
Created logging, custom logging and error handling packages.
Deployed SSIS packages and Reports to Production Servers.
Maintained system monitoring jobs and provides high availability support.
Worked on Migration of packages from DTS using SQL Server Integration Service (SSIS).
Assisted internal and external report needs and designed solutions based on specific requirements using SQL Server Reporting Service (SSRS).
Created and developed the stored procedures, triggers, views, and user-defined functions to support application development.
Involved in Normalization and De-Normalization of existing tables for faster query retrieval.
Deployed and configured the reports in the Report Server.
Created User Defined Functions to encapsulate frequently and commonly used business logic making the system more modular, secured and extensible.
Generated test data and tested database to meet the functionalities deliverables in the project documentation and specifications.
Designed and developed MS SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) under SQL Server 2008.
Worked closely with IT project managers, programmers, and testers.

Environment: SQL Server 2000/2008 Enterprise Edition, SSIS /SSRS 2008, C#, T-SQL, VisualStudio.net, XML, MS Excel, MS Access, Visual Studio 2008.
Contact this candidate