Frank Zhang
SQL and BI Developer
Richmond, VA
acy1a0@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY

More than eight year experience as a SQL Developer and BI developer
Highly experienced in Microsoft BI development (SSIS/SSRS/SSAS)
Advanced SQL programming skills with multi-table joins, Recursive CTEs, Views, Stored Procedure, User Defined Functions, Dynamic SQL, Triggers and Cursors.
Expert in maintaining and monitoring SQL database performance, analyzing SQL execution plan, and optimizing SQL queries.
Experienced in logical and physical database design, ER models, MOLAP models
Skillful in data warehouse design (Star/snowflake schema) and creation of cubes.
Very strong hands on skills in designing SSIS packages for extracting, cleaning, transforming, and loading large amount of data.
Expert in SSIS performance tuning and Configuration.
Highly experienced in developing various types of SSRS reports such as Parameterized reports, Drill down, Drill through, Sub Reports, Matrix Report, and Dashboard.
Experienced in QlikView, Tableau, and SharePoint.
Expert in scripting using Visual Basic and C# used for SSIS and SSRS.
Expert in Access and Excel.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
SQL and BI Tools: SQL Server Management Studio (2008r2 and 2012), Visual Studio (2008, 2010, 2012), CA Erwin data modeler R8, Team Foundation Server2013, tableau 9.0, PowerPivot 2013, Toad for Oracle 11g, Crystal report, QlikView, Visio, SharePoint
Languages: SQL, T-SQL, MDX, PL-SQL, VB.net, C#

Database: SQL Server 2008 r2 and 2012, ORACLE 11g, Access 2007 and 2010.

WORKING EXPERIENCE:

ETL/EDI Developer (Consulting): January 2017 to Present
Advanced Patient Advocacy, Richmond, VA

Creating SSIS packages to load multi-format flat files into SQL databases.
Cleaning and loading ragged flat files (with varying number of columns across rows) into SQL databases.
Production support of ETL project, Trouble-shooting and Performance tunning.
Environment: SQL Server 2012-2016, SSIS 2012, SSAS 2012, SSRS 2012, Visual Basic and C#, TFS 2013

SQL Developer (Consulting): November: 2015 –October 2016, SunTrust Bank, Richmond.

Wrote T-SQL code via dynamic SQL stored procedures and functions to implement mortgage requirements.
Modified existing stored procedures which have performance issues,
Wrote new stored procedures for mortgage group to calculate. Payment past-due and evaluate risk levels.
Created SSIS packages to loading flat and excel files to SQL database. Optimizing, and trouble-shooting ETL/SSIS packages issues.
Created SSRS reports for mortgage group to provide information such as payment past due, balance, and risk levels for clients.

Environment: SQL Server 2008 R2, SSIS, and SSRS

SQL/BI Developer: July, 2008 – November, 2015, VCU, Richmond, VA

Maintained database systems including logical and physical design of relational and dimensional databases, schema, tables, indexes, primary keys, and foreign keys, schedule new jobs, database backup and restore.
Wrote multi-table joins queries (Inner/Outer joins, Cross apply), Recursive CTEs, Views, Stored Procedure, User Defined Functions, Dynamic SQL, Triggers and Cursors to meet business and system requirements.
Analyzed SQL execution plan, tuned performance, updated statistics and index, optimized SQL queries.
Extracted huge amount of data from Flat files, Excel, SQL server, and Oracle databases into Data warehouse using SSIS packages.
Designed and implemented Data Warehouse, Facts, Dimensions and OLAP cubes for those data from medical, financial, and research laboratories using Dimensional Modeling standards, Star and Snowflake schemas.
Created SSIS packages, setting up package properties, trouble-shooting, error-handling, and performance tuning SSIS packages.
Set up parameters and environmental variables for configuration and deployment of SSIS packages.
Wrote scripts for SSIS script task and script component using visual Basic or C#
Developed multiple operational reports such as drill-through and drill-down, parameterized, cascaded, matrix type reports and dashboard using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).
Queried data from OLAP cubes use MDX for matrix reports.
Performing calculations and data mining for disease prognosis and management of hospital financial statements including cost, revenue, and profitability.
Involved in SQL database management such as Backup/Restore and Log shipping.
Writing Expressions and Custom codes using visual Basic and C#.
Management of BI projects including deployment and configuration of SSIS packages (such as setting up parameters and environment variables), execution schedule of reports, Data-driven subscription, and performance-tuning of reports.
Developed web parts, features, InfoPath forms, timer jobs, and applications for SharePoint.
Generated Dashboard use Tableau.
Load data into QlikView and developed reporting using N printing.
Generated Access, Excel and PowerPivot reports.

Environment: SQL Server 2008 R2 and 2012, SSIS, SSRS, Visual Basic 2010, C#, tableau 9.3, PowerPivot 2013

EDUCATION
Master of Science (Bioinformatics), Peking University, China
Bachelor of Science (Biostatistics and Bioinformatics), JinZhou Medical University, China

Immigration Status: Permanent Resident
Contact this candidate