Urvashi Singh acy8c2@r.postjobfree.com 309-***-****

KEY STRENGTHS:
Results-oriented IT professional with experience in Data Analysis, Data Modeling, design, development, testing and implementation of Data warehousing and Business Intelligence Applications.
Business Intelligence: Efficiently handle data and metric design for enterprise reporting framework development. Hands-on experience in Data design, ETL mapping, report development.
Product development and implementation: Experience in designing, developing, deploying, and supporting business intelligence software, using both Waterfall and AGILE development methodologies
Presentation and communication skills ability to work with all levels of management.
Continuous learning aptitude to constantly upgrade myself with new skills with a short learning curve and meticulous attention to detail

TECHNICAL SKILLS/PROFICIENCIES:

Business Intelligence Tools:
Tableau 8.x,9.x, 10.1 QlikView 9, SAP BusinessObjects XI
Business Analysis:
MS Project, Share Point, Jira, HP Quality Center, MS Excel, MS Word
RDBMS
Teradata 13, Oracle 11g Toad, SQL
Data Modeling tools:
MS Visio, Umlet
ETL Tools:
Informatica Power Center 9.5
Operating System:
Windows, Unix
Languages:
C, C++, Java

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Employer: Bradley University, Peoria, IL
January 2016 - Dec 2016
Role: Graduate Research Assistant
Responsibilities:
Developed research paper for IEEE publication based on experimental result and analysis.
Designed an innovative curriculum in Agile and IT Business Analysis along with 2 students and faculty.
Presented lectures and assessment tools for undergraduate/graduate courses.
Developed ad-hoc reports in Tableau desktop 9.3, 10.1 and Ms Excel.
Created Tableau scorecards, dashboards using bar graphs, scattered plots and geographical maps.
Experience in providing Tableau public and tableau desktop training.
Created Parameter driven reports to restrict volume of data.
Used Table calculations like running average, difference etc based on scenarios to get meaningful data.

Employer: Tata Consultancy Services, India
Domain: Banking and Financial Services
January 2013 – July 2015

Client: Morgan Stanley Wealth Management
Role: Tableau developer/Tester
Environment: Tableau desktop, Tableau Server, Oracle 11g, Jira, SQL
Responsibilities:
Created workbooks to perform year over year, quarter over quarter, YTD, QTD and MTD analysis.
Worked on the KPI and KRI’s
Worked on parameters, filters, calculated fields, groups, etc. and developed interactive dashboards.
Worked on different data sources including database, excel and delimited files.
Developed Standard Reports, List Reports, and Cross-tab Reports.
Developed workbooks from multiple data sources using Data Blending.
Built dashboards for measures with forecast, trend line and reference lines.
Strong understanding of advanced Tableau features including calculated fields, parameters, table calculations, row-level security, joins, data blending, and dashboard actions.
Performed UNIT testing and help the UAT testing team to performing various testing scenarios. Fixed the JIRA tickets raised during the UAT testing.
Distributed the reports on Tableau server.

Client: Morgan Stanley Wealth Management
Role: Qlikview developer/Tester/Administrator
Environment: Qlikview 9, SharePoint, Jira, Oracle, Unix
Responsibilities:
Designed, developed, implemented, and supported QlikView dashboards.
Integrated data sources like excel, SharePoint and Oracle database with QlikView, designed and developed data models and backend queries for presenting data.
Defined KPIs and worked on functions like join, concatenate, keep, etc.
Worked on 3tier architecture and Star and Snow Flake schema.
Created PDF reports and setup email distribution.
Worked on the change request as per requested by the clients.

Client: Morgan Stanley Wealth Management
Role: SAP BO Reporting Analyst
Environment: SAP Business Objects XI, Hp ALM, Oracle,SQL
Responsibilities:
Created Web intelligence reports in Infoview and implemented multiple queries in a single report.
Hands on experience in Alerter, Ranking, Drill mode, Sorting and Scheduling of the reports.
Worked on Universes Query Panel, Prompts and Report Layout and re-arranging.
Analyzed reports utilizing Slice and Dice, Data Manager, Charts and Formula's.
Created classes, objects in SAP Business Objects Universes

Client: PNC Bank
Role: ETL developer
Environment: Informatica, Teradata 12, Oracle 11g toad, HP ALM, Unix Putty
Responsibilities:
Developed mappings that performed Extraction, Transformation and load of source data into Derived Masters schema using various power center transformations like Source Qualifier, Aggregator, Filter, Router, Sequence Generator, look up, Rank, and update strategy to meet business logic in the mappings.
Wrote SQL queries to test the data in database using TOAD and validated the data.
Experience in debugging mappings, Identified bugs in existing mappings by analyzing the data flow and evaluating transformations

Client: PNC Bank
Role: Tableau developer
Environment: Tableau, MS Excel, Oracle 11g toad, HP Qc
Responsibilities:
Designed and developed various analytical reports from multiple data sources by blending data on a single worksheet in Tableau Desktop
Created drill down and navigation reports using the Tableau Desktop.
Utilized advance features of Tableau software like to link data from different connections together on one dashboard and to filter data in multiple views at once.
Worked on SQL queries to validate the data in Dashboard.
Extensively worked on QC to resolve the issues rose by Business promptly.
Took training on Tableau Server which involved creating users and giving permissions on tableau server.
Employer: Assign Construction Pvt. Ltd, India
July 2012 – December 2012
Responsibilities:
Collected, organized, and documented project attributes, data, and project metrics in MS Excel.
Analyzed the data and helped in improving the performance of Sql queries.
Created pivot tables and charts using worksheet data
Prepared routine and ad hoc status reports in Ms Excel.
EDUCATION:
M.S. in Computer Information System from Bradley University, Peoria, IL.
B.E in Electronics and Instrumentation from Acropolis Indore, India completed in May 2012.
Contact this candidate