Vigneswari Mukkamalla
848-***-****
acy9n1@r.postjobfree.com
Senior SQL/BI Développer
Professional Summary:
Having 7 Years of experience in the areas of analysis, design and development of SQL Server Databases & Business Intelligence solutions using Microsoft BI suite (SSAS, SSIS, SSRS & PowerBI) tools in Data warehousing applications.
Experience in creating Views, Stored Procedures, Functions, Triggers, CTE's to assist efficient data manipulation and data consistency.
Excellent experience in designing and development of SQL Server databases (MS SQL Server 2014/2012/2008).
Extensive programming, installing, configuring, managing, monitoring and troubleshooting experience in MS SQL Server 2014/2012/2008 and Business Intelligence in SQL Server Reporting Services, SQL Server Integration Services and SQL Server Analysis Services.
Experience in Business Requirements Gathering, GAP Analysis, Data Modeling, Development, Testing, Implementations and Documentation.
Extensive knowledge of normalization and relational database management systems.
Experience in Data Extraction, Transform & Load (ETL) development using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS 2014/2012/2008).
Experience in data extraction from Web API using SSIS script component.
Strong experience in creating complex Stored Procedures, Indexes, Functions, triggers, cursors, views and joins.
Expertise in Analyzing Query Plans, Using Extended Stored Procedures, Managing Indexes and Locks, Troubleshooting Deadlocks.
Working knowledge in .net technologies C#.net, VB.NET and PowerShell Scripting.
Experience in Dimensional Data Modelling, Cube development and manipulations in SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS).
Design SSAS Cubes and building attribute relationships for optimal MDX query performance of Hierarchies and Fact Dimensions.
Experience in design and development of SSRS 2012 reports using data from Relational database data sources.
Experience in Performance Point Server 2010. Designed Dashboards, Scorecards and reports using multiple KPI’s, OLAP charts with PPS.
Thorough Knowledge on Data Warehouse concepts like Star Schema, Snow Flake, Dimension and Fact Tables.
Experience in Azure SQL Databases.
Experience in creating Jobs, Alerts, SQL Mail Agent, Database Mail and Scheduled SSIS Packages
Experience in various reporting tools like Report Builder, Report Designer and Performance point service designer and Power BI.
Hands on experience in Installing, Configuring, Managing, Monitoring and Troubleshooting SQL Server 2014/2012/2008.
Good Knowledge in Physical and Logical Data Modelling.
Highly motivated and a conceptually strong individual with exceptional analytical and design skills.

Technical Skills:
Database : SQL SERVER 2014/2012/2008 R2, MS Azure, Oracle 10g
BI Tools : Microsoft SQL Server data tools, SQL server BID Studio, Visual Studio
2010/2013, SQL Server Management Studio 2014/2012, SharePoint Server 2010, Performance Point Server 2010
MS SQL Server Business Intelligence Suite (SSAS, SSIS and SSRS).
ETL Tools : SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS)
Visualization / Reporting Tools : PowerBI, SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Report Builder, Report Designer, SAP BO crystal reports
Operating Systems : Windows server 2008/2012
Programming Languages : Visual Basic.net, C#.net, T-SQL, Windows Power Shell, MDX, C, HTML

Professional Experience:

SMBC Capital Markets Inc., New York, NY April’2016 to Present
Senior SQL/BI Developer
Responsibilities
Designing current database by adding tables, relationships, creating stored procedures, views, Triggers, Functions and performance tuning of SQL queries.
Finding the gaps between different modules of the system and discussing the gaps with the functional personal.
Hands on experience in Performance Tuning and Query Optimization.
Design SSIS Packages to extract, transfer, load (ETL) existing data into SQL Server from different environments for the SSAS cubes.
Design Dimensional model by analyzing all the requirements from the clients for the different source systems.
Developing C#.net code in script task to extract data from various sources like SQL Server, Web API, Oracle, .CSV, Excel and Text file from Client servers and through FTP.
Developing PowerShell scripts to combine the data from two or more files and to automate the build and release process.
Assisting in production OLAP cubes and writing queries to produce reports using SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) and Reporting service (SSRS)
Involved in creation/review of functional requirement specifications and supporting documents for business systems.
Extracting trade data from Web API to XML files and then pushing into Staging area.
Created a virtual machine on Azure, installed SQL 2014, created and administered databases then loaded data using SSIS from another virtual machine.
Schedule the packages to keep extracting the data from OLTP at specific time intervals.
Created various Power BI Reports that includes Charts, Filters, Scorecards, Drilldown and Drill-Through, Cascade, Parameterized reports that involved conditional formatting.
Mentored business power users to create reports/dashboards using PowerBI.

Environment: Microsoft SQL Server 2014 Integration Services, Analysis services and Reporting Services, PowerBI, Team Foundation server, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Windows Server 2012 and Microsoft SQL Server 2014.

Xerox Corporation, Webster, New York May’ 2014 to March’ 2016
Senior SQL/BI Developer
Responsibilities:
Gather the requirements from the business users for the different source systems.
Responsible for ETL Design and come up with Dimensional model after analyzing all the systems together.
Developed C#.net code in script task to Extracted data from various sources like SQL Server 2008, Oracle, .CSV, Excel and Text file.
Designed current database by adding tables, relationships, creating stored procedures, views.
Created and deployed cubes using star and snowflake schema. Performed and worked with dimensions, measures, generating KPI, MDX queries.
Created SSIS Packages for performing ETL operations from the external source.
Generated canned Reports/Dashboards for Business users by using SQL Server Reporting Services.
Performance tuning of SQL queries and stored procedures
Proficiency and expertise in SQL Server database Backup/Recovery and OLAP cube replication.
Worked closely with business to enhance functionality of Business Intelligence platform to implement various client requirements.
Testing of applications for performance, data Integrity
Tested the ETL process for both before data validation and after data validation process.
Tested the messages published by ETL tool and data loaded into various databases
Environment: Microsoft SQL Server 2012, Microsoft SQL Server 2012 Reporting Services, Integration Services and Analysis services, Team Foundation server, Oracle 10g, Microsoft Windows Server 2008.

Wells Fargo Capital Finance, New York, NY Nov’ 2011 - April’ 2014
ETL Developer
Responsibilities
Implementation and delivery of MSBI platform solutions to develop and deploy ETL, analytical, reporting on SQL Server 2008 using SSAS, SSIS, SSRS.
Used transformations like Look Up, Derive Column, Conditional Split, Aggregate, Row Count, and sort and execute SQL Task to load data into Data Warehouse.
Experience in providing Logging, Error handling by using Event Handler, and Custom Logging for SSIS Packages.
Experienced in SDLC life cycle for Design, Development and Staging phases of the project’s with support of Data-Flow, Process Models, and E-R Diagrams.
Maintained log information in Text file to tracking Errors and recording package execution status. Created Configurations, Checkpoints and Breakpoints.
Created Data Warehouse schema to deploy fact and dimension table and defined Referenced relationships with the measure groups and fact tables.
Understood the existing ETL and relational database framework and Scheduled Packages using SQL Server Agent Jobs.
Perform Preventive maintenance activities like causal analysis, restructuring program codes, data problems resolution and performance tuning.
Store all source code in the Team Foundation Server (TFS) and update development status in the TFS timely.

Environment: Microsoft SQL Server 2008, SQL Server 2008 Integration Services, Analysis Services and Reporting services, SQL Server 2008 Management Studio, Performance point services dashboard designer and Team Foundation Server, Microsoft Windows Server 2003/2008 R2.

Wells Fargo Capital Finance, New York, NY Jan’ 2010 – Oct’ 2011
Business Intelligence Developer
Responsibilities
Created SSIS Packages for performing ETL operations from the external source.
Used transformations like Look Up, Derive Column, Conditional Split, Aggregate, Row Count, and sort and execute SQL Task to load data into Data Warehouse.
Created numerous ad-hoc reports for daily needs regarding Client and Customer financial standings.
Expert in creating various types of reports such as drill down & drill through reports, Matrix reports, Sub reports and Charts using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) on Relational databases.
Designed different project solutions to handle wide array of reporting needs from different aspects.
Perform Preventive maintenance activities like causal analysis, restructuring program codes, data problems resolution and performance tuning.
Provide clear instructions to promote reports to UAT and PROD.
Coordinate with a Project Manager and/or a Business Analysts to resolve issues and collect specifications for developing new reports.

Environment: Microsoft SQL Server 2008, SQL Server 2008 Integration Services, SQL Server 2008 Reporting Services, SQL Server BID Studio 2008, SQL Server 2008 Management Studio and SAP BO crystal reports, Microsoft Windows Server 2003.

Qualifications:
Bachelor of Engg. From Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University.
Contact this candidate