Sean Lu Tel: 352-***-****(cell)
Gainesville, FL Email: acyx81@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVE
Data Analyst / SQL Developer / Reporting Engineer
SUMMARY
6+ years’ experience of healthcare data analysis in MS SQL Server (TSQL, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS), Access, Excel.
Strong data management and reporting experience on quantitative analysis.
Strong team player with great verbal, written communication and interpersonal skills.
Proven capability to approach problems effectively and creatively.
Quick learner, self-starter and hard worker. Responsible and detail-oriented.

WORK EXPERIENCE
BI Developer
A local healthcare provider – Gainesville, FL May 2015 – Present
Worked on writing T-SQL Queries, Stored Procedures, Views, Joins, Constraints, DDL, DML and User Defined Functions to implement the business logic.
Created SSIS ETL packages using SQL Server 2012 Visual Studio Data Tool to extract data from flat file, reformat data, load different types of dimension and fact tables/views into data warehouse.
Used SQL agent to create and schedule daily jobs to rebuild DW tables and cubes. Schedule daily reports subscription and send email notifications to Executive Management Team. Assist managers in data-supported decision-making.
Closely worked with the doctors, business end users to collect business requirements for report development in SSRS, Sharepoint and Excel.
Built commercial business intelligence solutions (HealthAI) with five tabular SSAS cubes for another out-of-state healthcare agency and generate extra revenue for current department and provided ongoing technical support for over one year.
Developed and published PowerBI reports based on existing cubes.
Environment: Servers: SQL server 2012 and 2016 SSMS, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, Sharepoint 2010, Report Builder, PowerBI Desktop Designer, IBM DB2 iNavigator,

Clinical Data Analyst
UF Health College of Medicine – Gainesville, FL Jul 2012 – Apr 2015
Developed SSIS packages to extract data from variety of sources (hospital EMR, lab test, administrative data, etc.), transformed data and loaded them into Clinical data Warehouse (CDW). Deployed SSIS packages and solutions into production system using SQL Server Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS).
Closely worked with the doctors, business end users, to collect business requirements for report development in both SQL Server and Excel.
Created quarterly reports in SSRS and Excel for hospital and clinic use to analyze and monitor the patient count and treatment effectiveness, generated ad hoc reports to provide decision-making Support for executives.
Developed projects using SQL Server 2008 SSAS, created data source/data source view/cube with measure and dimensions, configured attributes of dimension table with hierarchy relationships, modified cube and dimensions, deployed key performance indicators (KPIs) on SSRS and created different metrics, added new measure groups and dimensions, created data-mining solutions in BIDS, deployed them to SSAS instance.
Created drill-down, drill-through, sub and linked reports using MS SSRS 2008 as well as managed subscription of reports. Built reports from SSAS cube using MDX query. designer, configured report server and deployed reports on web server and SharePoint.
Environment: Servers: SQL server 2008 R2 (64bit) management studio, SSIS, SSRS, Clients: Windows XP/7

Data Scientist
UF Shands Cancer Center– Gainesville, FL Mar 2010 – Jun 2012
Loaded data from flat data files into SQL Server 2008 database tables using bcp, bulk insert, and table export/import, loaded data from flat data files and excel sheet into Oracle database using SQL*Loader and SQL Developer.
Power user of advanced SQL queries with multi-table joins, group functions, subqueries, set operations and T-SQL or PL/SQL functions.
Successfully loaded the data from ChIP-Seq and Microarray experiment to SQL Server 2008 R2, analyzed and published results in prestigious journal using SQL Server and Access as reporting tools.
Used NCBI biological databases cross-reference other database with Primary Key, Foreign Key and linked their related knowledge together.
Retrieved and modified data using SQL Server 2008 and BIDS and acquired disease information from different databases.
Designed and implemented a database application based on Access 2007 to record, analyze and report survey data from IRB-approved study conducted at UF for local back pain outpatients.
Environment: Servers: SQL server 2005(32bit)/2008 R2 (64bit) management studio, Oracle 10g, Red Hat Linux, MS Excel and Access, Clients: Windows XP

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Database: MS SQL Server 2008/2012/2016, MS Visual Oracle 11g /10g
Reporting: SSRS, MS Access 2007/2010, T-SQL, Crystal Report 2008
Developing: MS Visual Studio 2010/2015 Data Tool
Analysis: Tabular SSAS and Multidimensional Cube
ETL tool: SSIS, SQL loader
MS Office: Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Integration of Excel and Access
EDUCATION
PhD in Biology Peking University - Beijing, China Jan 2005
Contact this candidate