ATIFUDDIN MOHAMMED
501-***-**** • acz5wu@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVE
To work for an organization where I can apply my experience and knowledge toward the fulfillment of organizational objectives and contribute to its success.

EDUCATION
Master of science in Information Quality
University of Arkansas at Little Rock, Little Rock, AR

Bachelor of Engineering (B.E) majoring in Electronics and Communication at Osmania University, Hyderabad, India

SKILLS
Proficient in using the most advanced computer applications
Experienced in writing SQL queries
Extensive experience in Informatica Administration & Informatica Upgrade (9.1 to 9.6.1)
Strong experience in Informatica tools Repository manager, Designer, Workflow Manager, Workflow Monitor
Experience in developing the mappings, mapplets, reusable transformations in designer and scheduling the workflows and sessions in work flow manager
Exceptional oral as well as written communication skills
Proficient in using web designing tools and software such as HTML, CSS and WordPress
Excellent skills in multitasking and problem solving, execute daily tasks within work hours
Proficient with MySQL, SQL, HTML, MS Office and Internet

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Databases: MS SQL, MySQL, Oracle
Web designing: HTML and CSS, WordPress
Programming Languages: C, C++, SQL, Matlab, and Xilinx
Data analysis tool: Informatica power center 9.6/9.5/9.0/, Tableau 10.0, Data flux, Knime
Data cleansing and profiling tools: Talend Data preparation, DQ analyzer, Google refine
Profound knowledge of 8086&8088 Micro Processors
Enhanced Knowledge of Google Docs and Google Sheets
Microsoft Office and Lotus Notes
Networking and troubleshooting PC.

PROJECTS UNDERTAKEN
Research on Big Data Tools: Done a research and comparative study on Big Data tools like Alteryx, Trifacta, Paxata, Alation and Waterline Data with an aim to recommend the best tool among these to the UA Little Rock Institute of Chief Data Officers (iCDO) by knowing their functionality, processing time, cost, availability etc.
Informatica Powercenter [Data Integration (ETL)]: worked on sales data to perform data integration i.e. Sales and Marketing calculations used in reporting were not accurate and the following tables need to be analyzed and new calculations need to be formulated. The Database used in this project is Oracle 11g express edition.
Data Challenge- Health Insurance Marketplace: In this project, I have compared the data of health and dental insurance plans across different states of the US. I made a comparison of how plan rates and plan benefits are varying across different states in the US from 2014-2016. For this project, I used DQ analyzer and Talend Data Preparation Tool to clean the data and R, Weka to derive the model.
Design and Implementation based on Amba4.0 of APB Bridge using AXI-4 protocol

EXPERIENCE AND INTERNSHIPS
December 2016- May -2017
Research Assistant at UALR institute of chief data officers-iCDO
Informatica Power center project
Understanding/analyzing the requirements & providing solutions for related issues which covers activities like: requirement analysis, ETL designing, creating sessions and scheduling workflows.
Design ETL mappings by using Informatica
Design and develop complex ETL mappings making use of transformations like Source Qualifier, Expression, Filter, Joiner, router, aggregator, lookup, Update Strategy Transformations etc.
Implementing the standards of creating Informatica Workflows/Mappings
Environment: Informatica Power Center 9.x, Oracle 11g/10g, Flat Files, XML files.

August 2014 – January 2015
Worked as Student Assistant at student services (Data Quality project)
Osmania University
Hyderabad, India
Managed and updated student data
Validated the data using regular expressions to avoid incompleteness, inconsistency in the dataset.
Tried to remove data quality issues and reduce losses by introducing Data Quality management framework.
Assisted in offering the support to other personnel who were required to access and analyze the database
Created condonation list for the student whose attendance is less for a given semester
Managed the proctor students taking examinations online.

August 2012 – March 2014
Member of Student Chapter i.e. IEEE and Entrepreneur Cell
Osmania University
Student Support Staff with Muffakham Jah College of Engineering and Technology from August 2012 to March 2014
Interacted with students of all departments and created awareness about entrepreneurship
Undergraduate advising member of E-Cell (External Academia)
Actively took part in a campaign visiting schools to create awareness encouraging students to enroll in professional courses
Communicated with the students planning to join the institute and informed them about admission procedures, entrance tests, courses and seats available and fee structures

REFERENCES
Available upon request
Contact this candidate