Aditya Chintapalli
aczvqc@r.postjobfree.com 832-***-****
SQL BI Developer

Summary:
Over 7+ Years of experience in BI solutions using T-SQL, SSRS, SSIS, SSAS with an emphasis on design, development, enhancement, and automation, tuning and optimizing databases for high Availability, Performance and Security for various business applications in banking, medical care, manufacturing sectors.
Has very strong background in a disciplined Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) process and has excellent
analytical, programming and problem solving skills.
Performing detailed data analysis and data profiling to support the development and implementation of data transformation and data cleansing.
Experience in leading the technical team and Business users to perform analysis of business requirements and transformed them into technical requirements for ETL and Reporting needs.
Experience in Database Normalization, Designing, Creating Indexes, Developed Queries and T-SQL Scripts in MS SQL.
Experience in building Data Integration, Workflow Solutions and Extract, Transform and Load (ETL) solutions for data warehousing using SQL Server Integration Service (SSIS).
Experience in Creating Tables, Views and Complex Stored Procedures to facilitate efficient data manipulation, data integrity and other T-SQL (DDL, DML) statements for various applications.
Experience in designing, developing, and delivering business intelligence solutions using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), Analysis Services (SSAS) and Reporting Services (SSRS).
Designed SSIS Packages to extract data from various heterogeneous data sources such as Access database, Excel
spreadsheet and flat files into SQL Server for further Data Analysis and Reporting by using multiple transformations provided by SSIS.
Good knowledge of Data Marts, Operational Data Store (ODS), OLAP, Dimensional Data Modeling for FACT and Dimension Tables using Analysis Services.
Worked in dimensional modeling with Star & Snowflake schemas and created the Data Source Views (DSV) and SSAS Cubes using the identified Fact and Dimensional Tables.
Designed & created OLAP Cubes with Star schema using SSAS, Created cubes with full processing and partial processing capabilities.
Created and maintained users, roles and groups and handled cube security efficiently.
Experience in different type of reports including Tabular forms, Matrix form, Conditional, Drill down, List items, Charts and Sub Reports.
Hands on experience with performance tuning.
Optimized the T-SQL query performance with modifications in TSQL queries, removing unnecessary columns,
establishing necessary joins.
Extensively involved in troubleshooting, debugging and fixing the codes/scripts.
Developed SQL scripts for administration task. Maintained SQL scripts, indexes, complex queries for data analysis and extraction. Used .NET provider Data Reader Source Task to Read from RDBMS sources.
Good Knowledge in design and implementation processes for deploying, upgrading, managing, archiving and extracting data for reporting using SQL Reporting Services (SSRS).
Experience in creating Packages, Jobs and Experience in migration of Data from Excel, Flat file, Oracle to MS SQL Server.
Hands on experience with performing various SSIS data transformation tasks like Lookup, Conditional Splits and Event Handlers, Error Handlers etc.
Good team player, Excellent interpersonal and communication skills combined with self-motivation, initiative and the ability to think outside the box.
Experience with writing technical documentation at all levels.

Education:

Bachelor of engineering

Technical Skills:

Operating System
Windows Vista Business / XP Pro. / 2003 / NT / 9.X
Databases
MS SQL SERVER 2008 / 2005 / 2000, MS Access 2003, Oracle, DB2
Programming Languages
C, T-SQL, PL/SQL, .Net, Dynamic SQL, MDX, C# and XML
ETL Tools
SQL Server Business Development studio (BIDS), SQL Server Integration services (SSIS) [2008, 2012 and 2014], Data Transformation Services (DTS)
SQL Server Tools
SQL Server Management Studio, Enterprise Manager, Query Analyzer, SQL Profiler, Data Base Engine Tuning Advisor, Enterprise Manager, Import and Export Data wizard.

Web server technology
IIS
Reporting Tools
SQL Server Reporting Services, Microsoft Power BI, PowerPivot, Power View, PerformancePoint, SharePoint, DAX
Other Tools and Utilities

Microsoft Office Technologies, Adobe Photoshop, Networking, Paint Shop, Acrobat reader /writer, ERWIN.
Architecture-
Relational DBMS, Client-Server Architecture, OLTP, OLAP
Version control Tools-
SQL Source Control, TFS, SVN

Professional Experience:

Banks environmental data Austin, TX
Senior SQL BI Developer 02/2016 Current
Description: The Banks Group is your one-stop shop for regulatory environmental data in oil & gas consulting and custom GIS mapping Based in Austin, Texas. My project is supporting the Phase I ESA data products, delivering quality reports for environmental site investigations of all shapes and sizes across the country. The project provides data for site assessment and Select packages from the order portal including Standard, Basic, or Rural or customer’s choice own custom package.

Responsibilities:
Involved in complete Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) process by analyzing business requirements and understanding the functional work flow of information from source systems to destination systems.
Created SSIS Packages to perform filtering operations and to import the data on daily basis from the OLTP system to SQL server.
Worked in Software Development Life Cycle and Implementation of Client/Server applications using VB.NET and SQL Server with N-tier development environment.
Formulated and documented ETL process design based on business requirements and system specifications with strong ETL design skills, including source to target mappings, transformations, lookups, aggregations and expressions.
Developed various types of reports like Drill Down, Drill through, Crystal Report.
Involved in scheduling, creating snapshots and subscriptions for the reports using SSRS 2008.
Created Databases, Tables, Cluster/Non-Cluster Index, and Unique/Check Constraints, Views, Stored Procedures, Triggers and functions.
Created packages in SSIS with error handling as well as created complex SSIS packages using various transformations and tasks like Sequence Containers, For loop and For Each Loop Container, Execute-SQL, Execute Package, Send Mail, File System, Conditional Split, Data Conversion, Derived Column, Lookup, Merge, Merge Join, Row Count, Union All, flat file source and destination, OLE DB source and destination, excel source and destination etc.
Implemented SSRS solutions, used dashboards and gauges to enhance for the business use.
Experience in creating Parameterized reports and Linked reports with thorough knowledge of report serving architecture. (Table, chart and matrix report).
Deployed and Generated SSRS reports using the Reporting Services, Report Manager and Microsoft SharePoint 2010.
Extensively involved in the SSAS storage and partitions, and Aggregations, calculation of queries with MDX, Data
Mining Models, developing reports using MDX and SQL.
Experience in Developing and Extending OLAP Cubes, Dimensions and data source view.
Reviewed many T-SQL issues using management studio for better performance.
Actively participated in Designing and developing applications using ASP.NET with ADO.NET, and SQL 2008R2.
Developed confidential proprietary analytical tools and reports with Microsoft Excel, and Power Pivot, and Power Point.
Worked on managing ETL process by pulling large volume of data from OLTP to a staging Database Using SSIS for Data transformation.
Developed and tested storage strategies and disaster-recovery plan for large manufacturing company's operational database, delivering solution that guaranteed recovery performance and high availability.
Validated business rules to transform data
Expertise in creating Dashboards Scorecards, views, pivot tables, charts, for further data analysis.
Responsible for data modeling, ETL process design, SSAS cubes design and suggesting designs for BI dashboards.
Responsible for creating SQL datasets for Power BI and Ad-hoc Reports
Created snapshot on the report server management to ensure that the reports on the server won't be affected by constantly changing database environment.
Used Power BI Power Pivot to develop data analysis prototype, and used Power View and Power Map to visualize reports.
Environment: MS SQL Server 2012/2008R2, MS Visual Studio 2010,2012, MS Azure, MS SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), MS SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), XML, T SQL, SQL Profiler, XML, Erwin r7, DTS and TFS, Windows, Power BI, Power Pivot.

Fmr Co., Inc Boston, MA
MSBI Developer 01/2015 01/2016
Description: Fmr Co., Inc is a private company categorized under Investment Securities. It provides end-to-end business processing and technology solutions to the life insurance and annuity industry. The company offers a full suite of technology and business processing solutions that can be fully tailored to meet unique needs. The project I have involved deals with the customer database modifications and providing reports on the customer portfolios.

Responsibilities:
Worked as a developer in creating complex Stored Procedures, Triggers, Functions, Indexes, Tables, Views and other T-SQL code and SQL joins for applications.
Migrated data from Heterogeneous Data Sources and legacy system (DB2, Access, Excel) to SQL Server databases using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) to overcome transformation constraints.
Extracted data from various sources like SQL Server 2008/2012, Oracle, .CSV, Excel and Text file from Client servers and through FTP.
Used SSIS jobs for importing data from the flat files that brings the data to the application tables.
Involved in loading data from various file formats (Flat file, Excel) using Oracle loader and SQL Loader.
Created SSIS Packages using Pivot Transformation, Fuzzy Lookup, Derived Columns, Condition Split, Term extraction, Aggregate, Execute SQL Task, Data Flow Task, and Execute Package Task etc. to generate underlying data for the reports and to export cleaned data from Excel Spreadsheets, Text file, MS Access and CSV files to data warehouse.
Scheduled Cube Processing from Staging Database Tables using SQL Server Agent in SSAS.
Gained working knowledge in Data modeling, creating star and snowflake schemas in SSAS.
Developed complex calculated members, Named Sets using MDX expressions for specific OLAP reporting requirements.
Created Data-driven Packages in SSIS 2012 as part of the automating the process for the Referral Process.
Created KPI Objects in line with Requirement Docs in SSAS.
Optimized and Aggregated cubes with 40% performance for better performance.
Processed cube to perform incremental updates.
Created reports by dragging data from cube and wrote MDX scripts in SSRS.
Generated reports using SQL Server Reporting Services 2008 from OLTP and OLAP data sources.
Designed and deployed report with Drill Down, Drill Through, Dropdown menu option, Parameterized and Linked reports.
Worked on deploying and scheduling Reports using SSRS and Tableau as well as triggers to generate all daily, weekly, monthly and quarterly Reports including status
Migrated existing data into the Power BI.
Prepared the Layouts by placing the fields to the appropriate place per the requirement of the final Report.
Used Index Tuning Wizard, SQL Profiler and SQL Query analyzer for Performance Tuning.
ENVIRONMENT: MS SQL Server 2005/2008, OLAP, ROLAP, Visual Studio 2005/2008, Windows 2007, Windows XP, T-SQL, XML, Crystal Reports, SSAS, SSRS, SSIS.

Teleflora LLC Oklahoma City, OK
SQL Server/MSBI Developer 12/2013 12/2014
Description: Teleflora is a floral wire service company which brokers orders to local florists for delivery. The data of the customers and their orders which are monitored in a continues time span. The project petals deal with customer data base and integrating it with the orders and deliveries. The project Involved in migrating the SQL server from 2008 to 2012.

Responsibilities:
Involved in installation of SQL Server 2012 with the latest service packs.
Created Views for specific columns on a table to maintain privacy of a customer data.
Worked on database capacity planning and space forecasting.
Migrated Database from SQL Server 2008 to 2012 by using side-by-side migration.
Created tables, indexes and designing constraints.
Wrote several SQL Scripts such as finding long running queries, blocking sessions, archiving data from production to archive server and populating reporting data.
Actively worked on SQL XML and X-path queries.
Wrote scripts to review object permissions in all databases.
Involved in Tabular Data warehouse and DAX operations for SSAS 2012 and 2008 OLAP databases.
Involved in Performance Monitoring with SQL Profiler, Windows System Monitor and using a monitoring tool called Embarcadero DB Artisan and Performance Center.
Extensively involved in designing the SSIS packages to export data of flat file source to SQL Server database.
Involved to planning and designing SSAS 2012 Cubes and building attribute relationships for optimal MDX query performance of Hierarchies and Fact Dimensions.
Worked on creation of users, groups, projects, workbooks and the appropriate permission sets for Tableau server logons and security checks.
Designed, Build the Dimensions, cubes with star schema using SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS)
Migrated DTS packages from SQL Server 2008 to 2012 and scheduled their execution time.
Created SSIS packages using Active X scripts and with Error Handling.
Worked on enhancing and deploying the SSIS Packages from development server to production server.
Wrote stored procedures for report generation in SQL Server2012.
Successfully deployed reports in various sources like XML, Web browser and PDF.
Administered the created Reports by assigning permission to the valid user for executing the reports.
Created and Maintained Database Maintenance Plans.
Implemented Database Mirroring between Development and Test Server.
Involved in Creation and maintenance of Databases, creating Roles and managing user permissions, resolving Blocks and deadlocks.
Helped Development Team in deploying and testing the application, which uses SQL Server as a database.
Used various transformation tasks to create ETL packages for data conversion.
Implemented Event Handlers and Error Handling in SSIS packages and notified process results to various user communities
Involved in Staging Partitions and Usage Based Optimization (UBO) mechanisms for SSAS 2012 and 2008 OLAP databases.
Involved in Tabular Data warehouse and DAX operations for SSAS 2012 and 2008 OLAP databases.
Active part in creating OLAP and ROLAP cubes and used MDX queries to retrieve data from the cubes.
Performed Query optimization & Performance Tuning
Involved in performing Audits and recovery operations of SSAS objects.
Integrated SQL Server 2012 reporting services with Microsoft Share Point Portal Server to deliver automatically
generated reports to the Share Point portal.
Reviewed Third Party tools to help automate routine tasks such as monitoring, blocking and consolidate status of scheduled jobs.
ENVIRONMENT: MS SQL Server 2005/2008, SharePoint Portal, Windows 2003 Standard Edition, Windows 2000 Advanced Server, Microsoft Share Point Portal Server, VSS, SQL Diagnostic Manager, Power Designer.

Sriven Info Consultants Hyderabad, India
SQL developer 12/2011 10/2013
Description: This project was supporting Automobile Finance division of a leading bank. The department in the company provides customers with loan solutions to pay for and manage the cost of automobile. Customer-centric data base was built to analyze transactions across finance, marketing, risk, collections, and consumer relations were developed.

Responsibilities:
Involved in Table Design and creation of indexes.
Performed SQL admin duties using SQL Server Agent for data backup, creating different roles on users and created jobs.
Interact with the users to understand requirements and document them. Analyzing the system requirements, business logic and specific line of business.
Responsible for Daily Data Loads using SQL Loader and Fast Load Script.
Worked on DTS packages to import the data from Oracle, Access and text files.
Responsible for stored procedures optimization, performance tuning and index tuning.
Configured RAID (Redundant Array of Independent Disks) levels.
Automated processes using SQL Server Jobs.
Performed Database consistency checks with DBCC Utilities like DBCC DBREINDEX, DBCC INDEXDEFRAG, Index tuning and monitored error logs.
Developed few reports using MS SQL Reporting Services.
Refreshes from Production backup to Stage and Development environments.
Developed DR plans and automated failsafe backup remediation modules for accurate backup monitoring and reporting / Ad hoc reporting.
Set up backups for the newly created databases.
Involved in Tuning of queries to enhance Performance.
Involved in the Data migration activities to load the Data into different DB Schemas.
Created the logical and physical data modeling using Erwin tool.
Effectively supporting for decision making throughout the organization.
ENVIRONMENT: Windows2008/2003/2000/NT4.0, MSSQLServer2012/2008R2/2008/2005/2000, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, System Monitor / Performance Monitor, Fog light and BCM PATROL Lite Speed, Teradata SQL Assistant, Erwin.

GSPANN Technologies Hyderabad, India
SQL Server Developer 09/2009 11/2011
Description: Responsible for the planning, development, execution, maintenance and management of MS SQL Server database s in support of IT Business Application Solution and Service Delivery. Primary job duties will include support for Business Application & Business Intelligence developers as well as maintenance and administration of the live production SQL Server instances

Responsibilities:
Merged existing databases and to design new data models according to the requirements and perform daily database backup & restoration and monitor the performance of Database Server.
Wrote T-SQL statements for retrieval of data and Involved in performance tuning of T-SQL
Responsible for Installing SQL Server on new servers (2008, 2012)
Upgrading one of the existing 2005 Productions Server to SQL Server 2008 Version
Interacting with development and Net ops team to implement new changes to production.
Created joins and sub-queries for complex queries involving multiple tables.
Used DDL and DML for writing triggers, stored procedures, and data manipulation.
Install and Configure SQL Servers 2005 and 2008 on development server for designing and testing.
Analyzed reports and fixed bugs in stored procedures on the ongoing database operations, as needed, to resolve business problems.
Created complex Stored Procedures, Views, Triggers, Tables and other SQL joins.
Maintained data integrity by performing validation checks.
Performed Database Integrity Checks, updated Database Statistics and performed Re-indexing.
Provided research, design, and creation of a robust system ensuring effective processing of financial information from multiple external locations.
ENVIRONMENT: MSSQL Server 2005,2008,2008R2, Windows Server 2003/2000, Windows NT, Visual SourceSafe, DTS, MS Access, Enterprise Manager, Analysis services 2000, HP Helpdesk, MS office 2003, VB macros.
Contact this candidate