Zeki A Abdurahman
Power BI Developer
I have years of experience working with different IT fields, including the past 4 years as a Power BI Developer/Analyst with a strong record of accomplishment of designing and developing data visualization solutions to drive business insights. I have experience in creating SQL datasets for Power BI and building data visualization. I acquire strong analytical and problem-solving skills with excellent interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills. Experience
Personal Info
Louisville, KY 40245
502-***-****
ad05x6@r.postjobfree.com
Skills
Power BI ● ● ● ● ●
SQL Server ● ● ● ● ●
Windows Server ● ● ● ● ●
Tableau ● ● ● ● ●
DAX ● ● ● ● ●
MS Excel ● ● ● ● ●
SSIS Packages ● ● ● ● ●
Data Warehouse ● ● ● ● ●
Data Modeling ● ● ● ● ●
Ad-Hoc Reports ● ● ● ● ●
Visio Studio ● ● ● ● ●
MS PowerPoint ● ● ● ● ●
Networking ● ● ● ● ●
Self-motivation ● ● ● ● ●
Communication ● ● ● ● ●
Team Player ● ● ● ● ●
2021-2023 Power BI Developer
Unified Trust Bank, Lexington, KY
● Created interactive and visually appealing Power BI reports and dashboards for enabling data-driven decision-making.
● Developed DAX calculations to derive KPIs and custom metrics.
● Designed SSIS packages to import data from multiple sources to control upstream/downstream of data into SQL database.
● Collaborated with cross-functional teams to gather business requirements and translated them into data visualizations.
● Conducted performance tuning and optimization of Power BI reports reducing load times and improving user experience. 2018-2020 Power BI Analyst
The Rawlings Group, La Grange, KY
● Developed dashboards using Power BI and analyzed KPIs.
● Designed data models to transform raw data into meaningful insights based on business requirements in the BI context.
● Coordinated extraction of SQL Server data to Power BI and configure data connections.
● Performed migration of reports from Power BI Desktop to Power BI Service to provide real-time access to clients.
● Managed and administered access to user’s database with appropriate role permission.
2014-2018 Network Administrator
BBDO, Atlanta, GA
● Managed and administered corporate data center, supporting multi-platform LAN/WAN with Windows/Mac clients, VPN, and wireless infrastructures.
● Consolidated hardware by deploying VMware with virtual servers reducing company operating and hardware cost.
● Involved in upgrading network infrastructure in replacing Cajun P333 switches to Cisco 4500 series extending bandwidth from 100Mbps to 1Gbps.
Education
Microsoft Power BI Data Analyst Associate
MCP, MCSE
B.Sc. Electronics Engineering, Middlesex University, London, U.K
Contact this candidate