Priyadarshini P
ad0hwz@r.postjobfree.com
469-***-****

Professional Summary
Around 9 years of IT experience, which includes analysis, design, development, testing and implementation of BI applications and reports.
Expertise in Power BI, Tableau, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS.
Extensive experience in different type of reports including Tabular forms, Matrix (cross Tab report) form, Conditional, List items, Charts and Sub reports. Very good experience in writing expressions in SSRS.
Conversant with all phases of SDLC especially Agile, Scrum, involving business process analysis, requirements gathering and analysis, detailed design, development, testing and post implementation support.
Extensive working knowledge in handling huge databases and worked on performance tuning and query optimizations.
Expert in Data Warehouse development starting from inception to implementation and ongoing support.
Experience in creating Ad-hoc reports, data driven subscription reports in Power BI.
Expert in designing ETL data flows using SSIS, creating mappings/workflows to extract data from SQL Server, Data Migration and Transformation from Excel using SQL Server SSIS.
Experienced in designing and building OLAP cubes, fact and dimension tables with different architecture and data sources for business intelligence and populating/maintaining data marts in SSAS.

TECHNICAL SKILLS & CERTIFICATION
Databases: SQL Server, Azure SQL, MS Access, Teradata, Oracle, DB2, PostgreSQL and MySQL.
DB Tools: SQL Server Management Studio, Business Intelligence Development Studio, SQL Profiler,
T- SQL, PL/SQL, OLAP, MOLAP, ROLAP, OLTP, DBCC.
BI Tools: SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS), Informatica, Power BI, Tableau.
Languages: SQL, T-SQL, PL/SQL, Dynamic SQL, HTML, C#, MDX.
Project Management tools: Jira, Azure Devops
Certification: PL-300 Microsoft Power BI Data Analyst

Professional Experience:
American Bureau of Shipping, TX April ‘21-Present
Sr Power BI Developer
Responsibilities:
Designed dashboard with Power BI
Prepare user stories to create compelling dashboards to deliver actionable insights.
Collaborated directly with business to gather requirements.
Created Business Requirements Document (BRD) and acted as liaison between the DW Team and the Product Owners.
Played key role in getting BRD sign off which requires institutional knowledge of business and a strong technical acumen.
Participated in Devops Scrum daily stand up to talk through the status of my development efforts.
Have been instrumental in Sprint planning by contributing to user story creation and effort estimation.
Created reports in Power Bi from multiple data sources – On Prem & Azure Cloud using Power BI
Create stored procedures and views to generate various Drill through reports, Parameterized reports using Power BI
Migrated old reports to Power BI Dashboard.
Experience in creating multidimensional cubes using SSAS.
Implemented several DAX functions for various fact calculations for efficient data visualization in Power BI.
Creating reports from import, direct query and live data from several data sources and experience in combining data using power query.
Created Several user roles and groups to the end user and provided row level security.
Experience in scheduling Refresh and creating alerts for Power BI reports.
Validate data during the migration process from On Prem to Cloud
Experience in creating Power BI apps and embedded reports for customers.
Developed various solution driven views and dashboards by developing different chart types including pie chart, Bar chart, Line chars, Area charts, scatter plots, Line charts and stacked column in Power BI.
Experience in performance tuning of reports.
Involved in the production deployment and support for the platform.
Experience in creating Power BI deployment pipelines integrated with Azure Devops for CI/CD
Install Walk Me extension for Power BI and customize it for business users as appropriate.
Was acting as Onshore coordinator for the extended team in India.

USAA, San Antonio, TX Feb ‘20 - April ‘21
Sr Power BI Developer
Responsibilities:
Developed Complex SSIS Packages using Control Flow and Data Flow Tasks to load data from Various transactional sources.
Hands on building Groups, hierarchies, sets to create detail level summary reports and Dashboard using KPI’s.
Strong Dashboard design experience and passionate practitioner of effective data visualization. Familiarity with best practices around visualization and design.
Created the Different Kinds of SSRS Reports Like Tabular Reports, Matrix Reports Drill Down Reports, Drill Trough Reports.
Converted reports from legacy reporting to new reports using Power BI.
Utilized Power Query in Power BI to Pivot and Un-pivot the data model for data cleansing and data massaging.
Designed SSAS Cube and developed MDX queries for Analysis.
Migrated On-Premises databases to Cloud for Improving the data Integrity and maintenance cost.
Used various sources to pull data into Power BI such as Sql Server, SAP BW, Oracle, SQL Azure etc.
Utilized Power BI to create various analytics dashboards that depicts critical KPIs such as legal case matter, billing hours and case proceedings along with slicers and dicers enabling end-user to make filters.
Implemented Power BI gateway different source to matching analytics criteria and further modelling for Power Pivot and Power View.
Experienced in building Tabular Model Cube from Scratch in Databases with different Measures and Dimensions.
Environment: MS SQL Server 2008 R2/2018, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, Power BI, Tableau T-SQL, XML.BIML, JSON, DAX, Power Shell ISE, Web Services, C#, SSMS 18.1, TFS, Azure Dev ops, GIT, Source Tree, Visio, Python.

Tumi Inc., South Plainfield, NJ Oct ‘17 – Dec ‘19
BI/ Power BI Developer
Responsibilities:
Created SSIS packages to validate, extract, transform and load data to a centralized SQL server from the existing diversified data sources.
Worked on Upgrading the Data from SQL Server 2012 and SQL Server 2014 on to SQL Server 2016.
Developed complex mappings utilizing SSIS to transform and load the data from various source systems such as SQL Server2014, Oracle, Excel and Flat files into the SQL 2016 Server target staging database.
Developed the SQL Query for the Exports and Imports.
Involved in T-SQL Troubleshooting, and Performance Tuning.
Created the SQL Jobs, Monitoring the Failed SQL Jobs.
Experience in development of Dashboards using Pie, Bar, Funnel Charts, Maps, Table visualizations and setting up KPI’s to meet the goals of the organizations.
Formatting report layout, sub reports, using Global Variables, Expressions, functions, sorting the data, defining data source and subtotals for the reports using SSRS.
Wrote Advanced Calculations using DAX and Power query to meet the requirements of the dashboards in Power BI.
Developed various reports and Dashboards of operational and research data of the organization using Tableau and Power BI.
Experience in Performance Tuning of reports within Power BI Desktop, On Premise Power BI Server, Power BI Service.
Developed Tabular, Matrix, drill down and parametrized reports with SSRS for Pricing and Forecasting Daily, monthly, and quarterly reporting needs.
Experience in writing parameterized queries for generating stylish tabular reports Drill down, Drill Trough, Cascading, click through, matrix chart, snapshot reports.
Created the Different Kinds of SSRS Reports Like Tabular Reports, Matrix Reports Drill Down Reports, Drill Trough Reports.
Involved in Production Deployment and providing the support for the solutions.

Wintrust Financial Corp., Rosemont, IL Mar ‘15 – Sep ‘17
SQL BI/ETL Developer
Responsibilities:
Worked in Agile methodology, participated in Sync meetings.
Developed mappings in Informatica to load the data including facts and dimensions from various sources into the Data Warehouse, using different transformations like Source Qualifier, Lookup, Aggregate, Update Strategy and Joiner.
Used various transformations like Filter, Expression, Sequence Generator, Update Strategy, Joiner, Stored Procedure, and Union to develop robust mappings in the Informatica Designer.
Designed, developed, tested, and maintained Tableau functional reports based on user requirements.
Mastered the ability to design and deploy rich Graphic visualizations with Drill Down and Drop-down menu option and Parameters using Tableau.
Expert in creating Calculations (LOD, Cube Calculations, Creating/using Parameters, Table Calculations, Totals) and Formatting (Annotations, Layout Containers, Mark Labels, Rich Text Formatting, Shared Encoding) using Tableau Desktop.
Utilized Tableau server to publish and share the reports with the business users.
Distributed Tableau reports using techniques like Packaged Workbooks, PDF to different user community.
Worked on Upgrading the Data from SQL Server 2012 and SQL Server 2014 on to SQL Server 2016
Developed complex mappings utilizing SSIS to transform and load the data from various source systems such as SQL Server2014, Oracle, Excel and Flat files into the SQL 2016 Server target staging database.
Extract the Data from Cosmos to SQL layer and Build SSAS Cubes.
Proficient in SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) to design and develop OLAP Cubes
MDX Queries using SQL Server Analysis Services
Developed Cubes using SQL Analysis Services (SSAS) and Experience in Developing and Extending OLAP Cubes, Dimensions, and data source view.
Involved in Dimensional modelling (Star Schema) of the Data warehouse and used Erwin to design the business.
Used Star and snowflake schema in designing cubes for creating SSAS packages.
Deploying and scheduling reports using SSRS to generate all daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly reports including daily status.
Migrated On-Premises databases to Azure Cloud Database.
Migrated data from different sources (text-based files, Excel spreadsheets, and Access) to SQL Server databases using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS).
Migrated all the existing Tableau and SSRS reports to Power BI
Developed dashboard reports using Reporting services, Report model and ad-hoc reporting using Report builder.

Wipro, MASTER CARD., Chennai, India Oct ’09 – Aug ‘12
Role: SQL BI Developer
Responsibilities:
Migrated data from various sources such as flat file, Excel to SQL Server databases using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS)
Created SSIS Reusable Packages to extract data from Multi formatted Flat files, Excel, XML files into UL Database and DB2 Billing Systems.
Creating, Modifying SSAS Measures, Dimensions Attribute relationships and Hierarchies.
Designed SSAS Cubes, Named Calculations for Dimensions.
Dimension and Fact table design and cubes for KPI, Defining hierarchies and rollups.
Identified Dimensions and Facts, Used MDX to extract data from cubes and Created MDX script for representing Cube Calculation.
Provided organizational reporting and timely reports utilizing SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services)
Developed complex Stored Procedures and Views to generate various Drill-through reports, Parameterized Reports and Linked Reports using SSRS.
Involved in Dimensional modelling by identifying the fact and dimension tables based on the user & reporting requirements.
Used different T-SQL queries such as views, triggers, user defined functions, stored procedures to retrieve data from various tables, load data.
Education:
Masters in biotechnology - India - Alagappa University, Tamil Nādu.
Contact this candidate