SALONI VICHARE
Dallas, Texas • ad0m6g@r.postjobfree.com • 430-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Having 3 of IT experience as MS-SQL Server/BI/PowerBI Developer, involved in Design, Development and Support of MS SQL Server 2012/2014/2016/2017.
Extensive experience in Data Modeling, Design, Development, Implementation & Administration of Database systems using MSSQL 2012/2014/2016/2017 for both OLTP (Batch Processing, Online Processing) & Data warehousing Systems (SSRS, SSIS, SSAS).
Experience in SDLC methodologies & Agile/Waterfall project methodologies in Analysis, Design, Development, Testing and Implementation of client-server-based applications.
Experience in database programming in writing Stored procedures, User Defined Data Types, Triggers, Constraints, Indexes, CTEs and Batch Scripts using T-SQL/PL-SQL
Experience in Writing Complex T-SQL Queries, Dynamic-queries, Sub-queries, Co-related sub queries, Complex joins.
Experienced in creating SSIS Packages for integrating data using OLE DB connection from heterogeneous sources (Excel, CSV, Oracle, flat file, Text Format Data) by using multiple transformations provided by SSIS such as Data Conversion, Conditional Split, Bulk Insert, merge, and union all etc...
Strong knowledge and experience in error handling of SSIS packages using transactions, check points.
(Package restart ability features), break points and error logging procedures.
Experienced in Huge data migrations, huge data transfers, ETL processes using SSIS, DTS for Data warehouse implementation Projects involving conversion of data from heterogeneous sources like DB2, and Oracle, Sybase, Teradata.
Highly experienced in full cycle of DTS/SQL server integration services SSIS Packages (Developing, Developing, Scheduling, Configuring, Troubleshooting, and monitoring) for performing data transfers and ETL Purposes across different servers.
Interpreting and working with data models, data flows and data dictionaries, logical & physical Data modeling, Normalization and De-Normalization techniques for both OLTP and OLAP systems.
Experienced in Installation, Configuration, Development, Deployment and Troubleshoot Reporting services using SSRS 2008/2012/2014 across various environments.
Expert in designing Crystal reports, Enterprise reports using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS 2008/2012/2014) and Excel Pivot
Created SSRS projects and reports in BIDS, sort and toggle object visibility to modified report, assigned item.
level permissions and site security roles created report schedules and subscriptions.
Extensive experience in SQL Server Analysis Services OLAP Cubes, and Data Mining.
Highly skilled in developing OLAP cubes using SSAS 2005/2008/2012/2014, calculating measures, measure groups and dimension members in SQL Server Analysis Services using multi-dimensional expression (MDX), mathematical formulae, and user-defined functions.
Good knowledge of Data Marts, Data warehousing, Operational Data Store (ODS), OLAP, Physical & Logical Data Modeling- Relational, Multi-Dimensional Modeling Star Schema Modeling, Snow-Flake Modeling DSV diagrams, Fact and Dimensions Tables using Analysis Services.
Developed cubes using Partitions added the Key Performance Indicators (KPI), partition aggregations, Perspectives, slow changing dimensions etc. and created various user roles.
Utilized Power Query in Power Bi to pivot and un-pivot the data model for data cleansing and data massaging.
Designed and developed Power BI graphical and visualization solutions with business requirement documents and plans for creating interactive dashboards.
Implemented several DAX functions for various fact calculations for efficient data visualization in Power BI.
Utilized Power BI gateway to keep dashboards and reports up to-date with on premise data sources.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Company : Hot Pizza LLC – Dallas TX
Role : MS SQL Server Developer/SSIS/SSRS
Duration : Jun 2022 - Present
Environment : SSIS, SSRS and SQL SERVER

Roles& Responsibilities:

Worked on Power BI report, creating tabular cube, creating data model for Power BI Report, Validating data quality of the report.
Worked on SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) to integrate and analyze data from multiple homogeneous and heterogeneous information sources (Flat files, Excel, Oracle DB2, and SQL Server).
Extract and Transform data into Staging Database and load data into data warehouse to create fact table and dimension table.
Performed Loading operation of historical data using full load and incremental load into Enterprise Data Warehouse.
Created SSIS packages to Extract, Transform and load data using different transformations such as Lookup, Derived Columns, Condition Split, Aggregate, Pivot Transformation, and Slowly Changing Dimension, Merge Join and Union all.
Developed Custom Logging so user can know when a row is inserted in custom logging table by every SSIS package that executes.
Used For-Each Loop Container, Sequence Container, Script task, Expressions, Execute SQL task, Send Mail Task, Package Execution task to achieve business needs.
Created and modified various complex Stored Procedures used in the application using T-SQL.
Developed complex Stored Procedures to generate various Drill-through reports, Parameterized reports, Tabular reports, Matrix reports and linked reports using SSRS.
Wrote complex Expressions for SSRS with Conditional Formatting.
Responsible for Deployment of the report using SSRS and used Report Subscription (Data Driven and Standard) to publish reports.
Created different Parameterized Reports like standard parameter reports, Cascading Parameterized reports.
Created subscriptions to provide reports on a daily/weekly/monthly/Quarterly and Yearly basis.
Rendering the reports in the form PDF and Excel files.

Company : INSIGHT TALENT Solution - India
Role : Data/BI Developer
Duration : Feb 2019 – Feb 2021
Environment : SSIS, SSRS and SQL SERVER

Roles& Responsibilities:

Designed SSIS packages to import and transform data between databases and external data sources using various transformations like Data conversion, File system task, Row counts, OLE DB Source, OLE DB Destination, OLE DB Command, Merge Join, Look up, Sort, Data flow task.
Designed high level ETL architecture for overall data transfer from the OLTP to OLAP with the help of SSIS.
Responsible for programming, testing, debugging, and documenting simple to moderately complex ETL applications (SSIS) under direct supervision.
Designed and created data extracts, supporting SSRS, Power BI, Tableau or other visualization tools reporting applications.
Transformed complex business logic into Database design and maintaining it by using SQL objects like Stored Procedures, User Defined Functions, Views, T-SQL Scripting and Jobs.
Created complex SQL queries by joining multiple tables, dynamic SQL and sub queries.
Performed unit testing, manual testing of the process in order to check the integrity.
Created Packages for Transaction processing using containers as For Each Loop, Sequence & controlling flow of data using tasks as Script, Data Flow, File System, Execute Package, Execute Process.
Involved in creating Logins, Tables, Clustered and Non-Clustered Indexes, Views, Functions and Stored Procedures.
Having good knowledge on creation and scheduling of T-SQL jobs to run daily.
Expert in creating and developing Power BI Dashboards in to rich look.

EDUCATION
The University of Texas at Dallas - Richardson, Texas
Masters in Management Science

Chetanas Hazarimal Somani College - Mumbai, India
Bachelor in Management Studies
Contact this candidate