Pradeep M
ad0mjr@r.postjobfree.com
469-***-****

Professional Summary

●11+ years of Experience in IT Industry with experience in Software Administration Analysis, design, testing, development, documentation, and implementation of client server applications.
●SME in developing interactive and insightful reports, dashboards, and visualizations using BI tools such as Power BI, Cognos, or similar platforms.
●Hands on experience in designing and developing cloud solutions based on Microsoft power platform using Power BI, Power apps, Power Automate
●Gathered, documented, and analyzed business requirements from the clients and for better analysis to create Power BI dashboards.
●Experience with Power BI Tools – power bi desktop, power pivot, power query, power view, power map, power bi dashboard, calculated columns and calculated measures using DAX, data modeling.
●Created multiple Power BI Dashboard reports for management using various source data.
●Created power bi data visualizations utilizing cross tabs, maps, scatter plots, pie bar and density charts.
●Experience in maintenance and development bug fixes for the existing and new Power BI reports.
● Experience in designing and optimizing data models for performance.
●Translated the business needs into system requirements by communicating with the business on the non-technical level and with the System Analyst on the technical level.
●Integrated custom visuals based on the business requirements.
●Created complex SQL queries using stored procedure, common table expressions (CTEs) temporary table.
●Installed and Configured Enterprise Gateway and Personal Gateway in Power BI Services.
●Created technical reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing information.
●Extensively worked on Power Play Transformer for building up of Multidimensional Cubes.
●Strong background in building Metadata models using Framework Manager and applying table level, and data level security and Dimensional Modeling with Oracle and SQL Server Databases.
●Experience in Data modelling, tuning SQL queries and creating stored procedures and triggers.
●Excellent analytical, problem solving, communication and interpersonal skills with ability to interact with individuals at all levels.
●Generated ad-hoc reports in excel power pivot and shared them using power bi to the decision makers for strategic planning.
●Migrated Reports from Cognos to Power BI
●Extensively used RDBMS like SQL Server for developing different applications.
●Extensively worked on developing various kinds of reports in Cognos 11/10/8 (Report Studio, Analysis Studio and Query Studio, business insight and business insight advanced).
●Administered and implemented data migration process between different versions of Cognos.
●Setting up Cognos security by creating groups, roles and assigning access rights to users.

Education:
MS in Computer Science Aug 2014-Dec 2015
B.Tech (Computer Science and Engineering) from JNTU Aug 2005 – May 2009

Professional Experience
Client: Floor & Décor March 2023-Till Date
Role: Sr. Power BI Developer

Responsibilities:
Gathered, documented, and analyzed business requirements from the clients and for better analysis to create Power BI Dashboards
Developing Power BI Data models, Data preparation with Data flows and designing, Publishing, and sharing reports with the business users on the Power BI services.
Conducted training sessions to increase user adoption and understanding of Power BI and documentation.
Worked on Store Sales reports.
Participated in project planning sessions with project managers, business analysts and team members to analyze business requirements and outline the proposed solutions.
Ability to design and deploy rich Graphic visualizations with Drill Down and Drop-down menu option and Parameters using Power BI.
Provided continued maintenance and development of bugs fixes for the existing and new Power BI reports.
Experience in Power BI service administrator activities such as creating and managing security groups, assigning user permissions, monitoring usage metrics for dashboards.
Created ad-hoc reports, Sub Reports, Linked Reports, Charts, Drill through, Drill down, Matrix, Q&A visuals using Power BI.
Developed Measures, Calculated Columns, Conditional Columns in Power BI.
Utilized DAX functions/query which includes Aggregation, Counting, Logical, information, Text and date functions in source data.
Used Power BI Gateways to keep the dashboards and reports up to date.
Create and maintain comprehensive documentation related to Power BI development and deployment processes.
Created paginated reports using Power BI report Builder for both on-premises and cloud data sources.
Developed and Maintained Multiple Power Bi dashboards in power BI Mobile and Power BI Web.
Stay abreast of the latest Power BI features, tools, and best practices to continuously enhance the organization's BI capabilities.
Created multiple audiences in the apps to restrict access to the reports in Power BI.

Client: Carrier Jul 2021- Feb 2023
Role: Sr Power BI Lead Developer

Responsibilities:
Designed, developed, and tested various Power BI visualizations for dashboard and Ad-hoc reporting solutions by connecting from different sources and databases.
Used various sources to pull data into Power BI such as CSV, MS excel, Sql Server, Snowflake, Sap Hana and Sharepoint Folder, Power BI Datasets, Data flows, Data verse.
Created DAX expressions in Power BI for reporting needs.
Implemented several DAX functions for various fact calculations for efficient data visualization in Power BI.
Provided Production support to Power BI users and Wrote Custom SQL to support business requirements.
Created Power BI gateway to keep dashboards and reports up to-date with on premise data sources.
Perform thorough unit testing on all relevant platforms to ensure proper implementation.
Designed a Power BI data model with fact tables and dimensions depending on the business requirements.
Experience in publishing the Power BI Desktop models to Power Bi Service to create highly informative dashboards, collaborate using workspaces, apps, and to get quick insights about datasets.
Worked on Drill up, Drill down, Drill through Filters.
Involved in administration tasks such as Setting permissions, managing ownerships, and providing access to the users and adding them to the specific group.
Created Calculated columns and measures using DAX in Power BI based on report requirements.
Delivered app services and solutions using the suite of Microsoft’s PowerApps, Power BI, and Power Automate and data integrations on the platform.
Designed power bi data visualizations utilizing cross tabs, maps, scatter plots, pie bar and density charts.
Utilized Power Query in Power BI to Pivot and Un-pivot the data model for data cleansing.
Provided production support to ensure timely and error-free delivery of reports.
Performed performance tuning and optimization of SQL queries to improve query performance and to reduce runtime.
Created Row-Level Security (RLS) based on the business requirements.
Used different type of slicers available in Power BI for creating reports.

Environment: Microsoft Power BI, DAX, Share point, Snowflake, Excel, Sap Hana, Jira

Client: OTIS - Farmington, CT June 2019- Jun 2021
Role: Power BI Developer

Responsibilities:
Developed Dashboard Visualizations, cross tables, Bar charts, Waterfall, Tree map and complex reports which involves custom Controls and Custom Expressions using bars, lines and pies, maps, scatter plots, Gantts, bubbles, histograms, bullets, heat maps and highlight table.
Involve in requirement gathering from Business Users and Developed Technical Documentation for the Business and Team. Analyzing the specifications provided by the Clients and developing specification documents for reports as per client requirements.
Optimizing Power BI dashboards with a focus on usability and performance.
Miraged several Dashboards from Tableau to Power-Bi and demonstrated with team and end Users.
Created KPI’s, Reports, and Dashboards in the Power BI Desktop and Power BI service.
Design and documented the entire Architecture of Power BI.
Created DAX expressions in Power BI for reporting needs.
Used various sources to pull data into Power BI such as Sql Server, Sap Hana, SQL Azure, and Microsoft Dynamics CRM. etc.
Developed custom calculated measures using DAX in Power BI to satisfy business needs.
Migrated the reports from Qlik view to Power BI.
Used SQL Server Management Studio to execute SQL queries for data analysis and debugging.
Published and scheduled the reports in the Power BI Service.
Participated in Daily stand up Agile/Scrum meetings to discuss new stories to be created and enhancements for the existing requirements.
Created Azure Data Factory for Data movement from various sources to Azure SQL Data Warehouse
Transformed complex business logic into Database design and maintaining it by using SQL objects like Stored Procedures, User Defined Functions, Views, T-SQL Scripting and Jobs.
Environment: Power BI, Microsoft Dynamics CRM, SQL Server 2016, SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS), Visual Studio, T-SQL, Excel, DAX, ADO

Client: BIC - Shelton, CT Aug 2016 – May 2019
Role: Power BI / Cognos Developer

Responsibilities:
Responsible for the Analysis, definition, design, construction, testing, installation, modification, and maintenance.
Created Complex dashboards using Microsoft Power BI after gathering and translating end user requirements.
Created Workspace and content packs for business users to view the developed reports.
Worked on all types of transformations that are available in Power bi query editor.
Integrated custom visuals based on business requirements using power BI Desktop.
Provided technical support to other development teams.
Created calculated column and measures with DAX expression and formulas for analysis purpose.
Migrated Reports from Cognos to Power BI
Published reports on Power BI services and pinned visuals to create dashboards to support business decision making.
Created Cubes using Power Play Transformer for multidimensional reports.
Provided technical support to other development teams.
Administered and Migrated reports from Cognos 10 to 11.
Created designing Models using Framework Manager.
Created custom prompted reports and burst the reports to different user groups using report studio.
Environment: Microsoft Power BI, Cognos, DAX, SQL Server 2012, MS Azure data Factory, DB2

Client: Spintz Infotech Jan 2010 – Apr 2014
Role: Cognos Developer
Responsibilities:
Gathered and analyzed requirements directly from the business users.
Created filters within the Model for improving the performance of the Model.
Developed Prompt pages and Conditional Variables.
● Developed, Customized and Busted Reports using Report Studio.
Scheduled reports through Schedule Management and Assigned user privileges using Cognos Connection. Deployed the final product and set the report output requirements.
Attended User Acceptance sessions and worked on the feedback from the business users.
Worked with Power Play time dimension analytical reports using Date Wizard.
Created calculated fields in Transformer for the analytical data.
Customized Power Play reports using drill through charts.
Worked with Transformer creating manual levels dimensions and sub dimensions.
Created and maintained catalogs for a group of reports in the project.
Assigned various types of securities like table securities, row securities and column securities using Governor Settings. Created user profiles and user privileges.
Created List Reports, Group Reports and Cross Tab Reports with Drill Through and Drill Down functionalities. Created reports in HTML format for easy navigation of data from web browser.
Environment: Cognos 10/8 (Framework Manager, Cognos Connection, Report Studio, Query Studio, Cognos Scheduler, Power Play, Access Manger Administration, Configuration Manager, Content Manger, Windows 2000, Oracle, SQL Server.
Contact this candidate