Chamu
Email: ad0uy1@r.postjobfree.com
Ph. #: 815-***-****

Professional Summary:
7+ years of IT experience in Data Design and Development on Microsoft SQL Server 2016/2014/2012/2008, T-SQL, Performance Tuning, Troubleshooting, SSIS/DTS Package Configuration.
Extensive experience with T-SQL in constructing Triggers, Tables, stored Procedures, Functions, Views, User Profiles, Data Dictionaries and Data Integrity.
Hands on experience in creating indexed Views, complex Stored Procedures, effective functions, and appropriate Triggers to assist efficient data manipulation and data consistency.
Experienced in Creating User-Defined Functions (UDF) to implement Business Logic and Data Protection.
Efficient in creating joins and sub-queries for complex queries involving multiple tables.
Possessed Excellent T-SQL Programming skills and Effectively Used Advanced Programming Concepts like CTE's, Windows Functions, Table Partitioning, Apply Operators, Table Valued Parameters, Output Clause, Merge Statement, Pivot, XML, Dynamic SQL, Table Valued Functions etc.
Created and scheduled SSIS packages to pull data from SQL Server database and export the data to various data sources like excel spreadsheets, flat file etc. and vice versa using BIDS.
Well versed in Normalization/Demoralization techniques for optimum performance in relational and dimensional database environments.
Highly proficient in the use of T-SQL for developing and managing complex Stored Procedures, Triggers, Tables, User Defined Functions, views, indexes, user profiles, Relational Database models, Data integrity, query writing and SQL joins.
Migration of data using SSIS packages from one environment to another level.
Involved in designing, developing and testing of the ETL (Extract, Transformation and Load) strategy to populate the data from various source systems feeds using SSIS.
Created packages using SSIS for data extraction from Flat Files, Excel Files OLEDB to SQL Server.
Experience in Creating and Updating Statistics to improve the SQL Server Performance.
Developed materialized views for data replication in distributed environments.
Experience in Analyzing Execution Plan and managing indexes and troubleshooting deadlocks.
T-SQL Programming using DDL, DML commands for various business applications.
Experience in query optimization & performance tuning. Used Performance tools like SQL Profiler, Index Tuning Wizard and Database Engine Tuning Advisor.
Thorough Knowledge of Relational Database Management systems.
Highly proficient in working with users to gather requirements, analyze them, and subsequently use design tools to model the requirements.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Database
MS SQL SERVER 2016/2014/2012/2008, MS Access 2013/2010, RDBMS.
Operating Systems
Windows
Programming Languages
Transact SQL
Productivity Applications
MS Word, MS Excel, MS Access
DB Tools
SQL Server Management Studio, SQL BIDS, SQL Server Data tools, SQL Profiler, SQL developer.
ETL Tools
DTS, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS
Reporting Tools
MS Access, MS SQL Reporting services (SSRS), Power Pivot and Microsoft Excel.

Client: NAMIC, Indianapolis, IN April’2020-Sep’2023
Role: Database Engineer 1

Responsibilities:

Builds, tests, documents, and maintains database engineering projects, including complex queries and stored procedures, to meet the ongoing and future needs of the organization.
Maintains the Company data, data structures, ER diagrams, reports, database programs, and all other items that fall within the technical vision of the company.
Provides support for Business Intelligence reporting processes.
Develop, enhance report development in Business Objects
Help user in ad hoc report development and data queries.
Maintains the security and integrity of the organization’s information in accordance with established security models and standards.
Reviews existing programming documentation and underlying database code to correct, improve or otherwise rectify the programming and design team’s intent.
Builds and maintains positive work relationships with management, staff members, and external contacts.
Maintains a good attendance and punctuality record.
Performs other duties as assigned by the Vice President—Information Technology & Security.
Perform DBA admin tasks.
Maintain databases.
Maintain database jobs.
Control user access permissions

Client: IU Health, Indianapolis, IN Jan’2020-Mar’2020
Role: SQL/SSIS Developer

Responsibilities:

Experience in SQL joins, sub queries, tracing and performance tuning for better running of queries.
Working on BRDs (Business Requirement Documents).
Stored procedures, various clustered and non-clustered indexes, triggers, check constraints and functions.
Automated data loads using ETL(SSIS) and SQL job automation.
Loaded extensive flat files such as clinical and medical data (ACCUMEN, IHIEI), Pharmacy Data-D.
Created Main and Historical table for UMC.
Designed SSIS-ETL Packages to transfer data from flat files to SQL Server using Business Intelligence Development Studio.
Have deployed packages on different servers by using Project Deployment in SSIS-ETL 2012/2014/2016 using Project and Package Parameters.
Responsible for ETL Operation which extracts and transforms the data-to-Data Warehouse using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS-ETL)
Involved in Source Data Analysis, Design and creation of Data Mappings for Extraction of bulk data from heterogeneous sources like Flat Files, Excel and other OLEDB, ODBC data sources.
Developed Dynamic packages using SSIS-ETL and Implemented Incremental Data Loading.Performed Database Search and Query Strategy design, implementation, testing, and optimization.
Performed Stored Procedures development and testing as well as Database Report design and implementation.
Creating Reports as per users Requirement.
Created matrix reports, drill down, drill through, sub reports, chart reports, multi parameterized reports.
Documentation of test reports and defect.

Environment: MS SQL Server 2014/2016/2015, T-SQL, SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS), SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS-ETL), SQL Server Reporting services (SSRS), Windows Enterprises 2003 servers, SSIS-ETL, SQL-Profiler, TFS, MS Excel, MS Word.

Client: Verizon, Irving, TX Apr’ 19-Jan’ 2020
Role: SQL/ETL Developer

Responsibilities:
Developed complex SPs, triggers, cursors, tables, indexes, constraints, views and other SQL joins for applications.
Developed SSIS packages for different tasks like data cleansing and standardizing, sorting, conditional split, back up and involved in scheduling of SSIS packages.
Setting up SQL Agents job for regular data flow and other tasks.
Created and scheduled SSIS packages to pull data from SQL Server database and export the data to various data sources like excel spreadsheets, flat file etc. and vice versa using BIDS.
Responsible for deploying the generated reports.
Created Clustered, Non-Clustered indexes based on the used case and improve performance of query execution.
Maintained the table performance by following the tuning tips like normalization, creating indexes and collect statistics.
Wrote T-SQL statements using DML and DDL for retrieval of the data.
Created stored procedures, triggers in SQL Server.
Created database objects like tables, views, indexes etc.
Created multiple Jobs for work automation, data flow automation.
Handled job failures and improved with much better logic of implementation.
Tracked each job failures and made sure such error is not repeated again and listed as guidance for new jobs.
Created store procedures to clean data, based of business rules and client requirement.
Integrated new data into existing data in using SQL procedures or Using SSIS packages.
Error data is logged for further analysis and data cleaning.
Migrated data from different data sources and set up tables for daily use.
Created and modified stored-procedures, triggers, T-SQL.
Developed SSRS reports to show customer time with agent on Daily, Weekly and Monthly trend.
Created report to tract agent performance on resolving user tickets.
Enhanced existing SSRS reports to meeting new requirements.
Created DTS package to export and import data from SQL Server to Access, text and EXCEL files.
Checked Performance Tuning, Indexing.

Environment: MS SQL Server 2012/2008/2005, Windows 2010, T-SQL, SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS), SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Reporting services (SSRS), SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS), MS Excel, Flat Files, SQL Profiler, C#. NET, VB.Net, TFS, VSS, Visual Studio 2015.

Client: Social Interest Solutions, Sacramento, CA Oct ’18 -Mar’ 19
Role: SQL Developer

Responsibilities:

Working on Stored Procedures and views during development phase.
Working in Dev and support for this application.
SQL scripts, indexes, and complex queries for data analysis and extraction. Create new tables, views, indexes and user defined functions.
Have developed a new automated integrated service for posting SSA, MEDICARE, EQUIFAX xml files for RRV [Renewal Redetermination Validation] for auto renewal of apps in bulk process.
Review documentation by conducting meeting with team.
SSIS Packages to transfer data OLEDB to flat files SQL Server using Business Intelligence Development.
Converted ACA (Affordable Care Act), DES, ACE, AHCCCS database to Heaplus and Heaplus Multi month.
Involved in performance tuning and monitoring of both TSQL and PL/SQL blocks.
Used SQL Profiler and query analyzer to optimize DTS package queries and stored procedures.
Wrote TSQL procedures to generate DML scripts that modified database objects dynamically based on user inputs.
Developer and deployed multiple jobs to handle daily data needs and work automation.
Worked as a 24x7 support to make sure jobs are run as schedule and correct any failure during Support shift.
Migrated needed tables with data for any new POC or data migration as per the requirement.
Created stored procedures to transform the Data and worked extensively in TSQL for various needs of the transformations while loading the data.
Used DAX queries in Power BI to create more complex analytic reports.
Write scripts and queries to resolve data integrating and mapping issues, such as but not limited to select and embedded select statements.
Worked on Power BI and created reports. Responsible for creating SQL datasets for Power BI and Ad-hoc reports.
Developed SSRS report to track application processed and categories them in buckets of issued, pending, approved, denied, RFIs.
Maintained SSRS reports to track incoming application and its processing times.
Developed SSRS reports to track down missing information and its respective application id to better understand New Application needs.
Developed Test Cases and Test Scripts for System and UAT Testing.
Analyzed and Provided test data for Positive and Negative Testing
Worked with Power BI features like Power BI gateway Service, used direct query and Import options to dynamically update dashboard and reports.
Extensively used SSIS transformations such as Lookup, Derived column, Data conversion, Aggregate, Conditional split, SQL task, Script task and Send Mail task etc.
Working on Named queries, Named Calculations, Aggregation, KPI, Partition, Measure Groups etc.
Designed ETL packages dealing with different data sources (SQL Server, Oracle, Flat Files, Excel Files, and XMLs etc.) and loaded the data into target data sources by performing different kinds of transformations using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS).

Environment: MS SQL Server 2012/2008/2005, Windows 2010, T-SQL, SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS), SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Reporting services (SSRS), MS Excel, Flat Files, SQL Profiler, C#. NET, VB.Net, TFS, VSS, Visual Studio 2015.

Capgemini, India May 2014 – April 2016
SQL Developer

Responsibilities:
Worked on scripting for Stored Procedures.
Worked on scripts for SQL queries for different servers.
Worked on modifying the SQL stored procedures, SQL scripts based on the defects & issue raised by client in existing system.
Developed SSIS packages for different tasks like data cleansing and standardizing, sorting, conditional split, back up and involved in scheduling of SSIS packages.
Involved in Data Extraction, Transformation and Loading (ETL) between Homogenous and Heterogeneous systems using SQL tools (SSIS, Bulk Insert)
Involved in error handling of SSIS packages by evaluating error logs.
Successfully extracted transformed and load data into data warehouse.
Performed Database Search and Query Strategy design, implementation, testing, and optimization.
Worked Test Migrator plus Tool for uploading the Test Cases to TFS.
Worked on automated Test Case Generator Macro Excel.
Extensively used SSIS 2008 transformations such as Lookup, Derived column, Data conversion, Aggregate, Conditional split, SQL task, Script task and Send Mail task etc.
Documentation of test reports and defect reports.
Involved in designing, developing and testing of the ETL (Extract, Transformation and Load) strategy to populate the data from various source systems feeds using SSIS.
Created packages using SSIS for data extraction from Flat Files, Excel Files OLEDB to SQL Server.
Lead the offshore Team and involved in Team tracking activities.
Worked on Test Automation tool for executing the Test automated Test Cases.
Worked for different subscribers from corpnet and extranet.
Expertise in prepares Integration Test Plan that was used by functional team as well as development team.
Create nested, conditional subgroups and formatting features in reports.
Execution of manual testing, automation testing along with defect tracking
Write test scenario, review, run and generate test reports.

Environment: MS SQL 2000/2005/2012, Windows 2000/XP, SQL Query Analyzer and Enterprise Manager. MS Access 2000 & Windows NT platform, T-SQL, SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS), SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Reports using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).

Education: Bachelor’s in computer science (JNTUH) in the year (2015).
Contact this candidate