THERESA MADAMOMBE
MS Power BI Developer

Telephone: 469-***-**** Email: ad15rq@r.postjobfree.com

Professional qualifications

Over 10 years of IT experience in complete Software Development Life Cycle and Agile Methodologies including Requirement Analysis, Design, Development, testing, Implementation.
8+ Years of experience in Data Design and Development using MS SQLBI Server2016 /2014/2012 database developer, design, creation, maintenance, data modeling and Data Management.
6+ Years of experience as a Power BI developer.
Experience with data integration tools (Microsoft SSIS), (Microsoft SSAS), reporting tools Tableau, Data Visualization Tools (Power BI).
Strong experience in reporting tools like MS Power BI, Microsoft SQL server.
Knowledge of and familiarity with a variety of database types (Microsoft SQL Server, AZURE SQL Database, Azure DevOps, Data Lake, PostgreSQL Database, Access).
BBA in Finance.
Microsoft Certifications: PL – 300 Microsoft Power BI Data Analyst – English (ENU)
.
Skills & Qualities
Power BI
Experience in designing reports in Power BI using the Power BI Desktop report authoring tool.
Deep dive experience on Power Query and back-end technology M-language
Deep dive experience on Power Pivot and back-end technology DAX Queries and Modeling
Experience in creating Row Level Security in Power BI Desktop.
Ability to create visual dashboards in Power BI service.
Experience on scheduling reports in Power BI Service.
Experience with Power Query, Power Pivot and Excel
Experience on deployment pipelines
Experience on gateways and configuring data sources.
Lifelong learner of new technologies and business processes.

SSIS
Experience in using various SSIS Transformations such as conditional split, derived column, data conversion, look up, row count and merge join.
Skilled at retrieving data and performing metadata validation checks and implementing failure alerts.
Ability to create SSIS ETL packages to enable full incremental loading for both the staging tables and data warehouse.
Adept at designing and developing SSIS Packages to import data from variety of sources like XML, Excel, Text and OLEDB.
Experience in using components such as send mail task, file system task and execute package task.
Used SSIS features like property expressions, and package configurations.
Developed complex mappings utilizing SSIS to transform and load the data from various source systems such as SQL Server 2016, XML, Excel, and Flat files into the SQL 2016 Server target staging database.

SQL
Experience in using SQL to create tables, stored procedures, views, indexes, user define functions, database models and data Integrity in SQL Server2016/ 2014/ 2012 platforms.
Knowledge of designed and developed databases with the best practices of data modeling and data normalization.
Proficient in working in MS SQL Server Management Studio environment.
Extensively used Joins and sub-queries for complex queries involving multiple tables from different databases
Experience in Information Models such as Attribute Views, Analytic views, Calculation Views (SQL Script based), Hierarchies
Have a good understanding of different joins and unions like Inner, Left Outer, Right Outer,
Created business reports by joining multiple tables from multiple databases using complex queries.
Excellent knowledge in creating Databases, Tables, Stored Procedures, DDL/DML Triggers, Views, User defined data types, functions, Cursors, and Indexes using T-SQL.
Experience in Performance Tuning and Query Optimization

Analytical Skills
Ability to use advanced Excel features (V-lookup, pivot tables, etc.) and PowerPoint as required.
Excellent problem solving/analytical skills.
Ability to work with aggressive timelines/manage multiple priorities.
Clearly communicate analytical results & insights to business users.
Good written and verbal communication skills to work with business internal and external customers.
Good Experience on Agile (SRUM) environment

Professional Experience:

Power BI Developer
Tata Consultancy Services (Client Humana)
September 2023 – Present

Developing all the visualizations which are requested by the business users using Power BI
Strong hands-on experience in Dev Ops role and production support activities.
Ability to leading dashboards demos for stakeholders to solicit feedback and leading UAT efforts and accepting completed development work on behalf of the business.
Submitting estimates and work plans as appropriate for design, development, implementation and rollouts.
Design and developed the Power BI solution to create reports, visualizations and dashboards as per the business requirements and published enterprise.
While designing the Power Bi reports and dashboards, the measures are created using DAX programming language. Writing all the calculations using DAX formulas
Created business reports by joining multiple tables from multiples database using complex SQL queries.
Developed visual reports and creating relational model using Power BI desktop.
C-ordinate with the source systems for any data mismatch
Designed and deployed reports with Drill Down, Drill Through and drop-down menu option and parameterized and Linked reports
Utilized Power Query in Power BI to Pivot and Un-pivot the data model for data cleansing and data massaging.
Identify reporting opportunities that will help increase efficiency by identifying any gaps in the process/exception reporting.
Hands on experience in writing stories and capturing requirements in JIRA and Dev Ops.
Scheduled the data refresh for dashboards and reports to show the updated data.
Support the User Acceptance Testing by addressing any technical queries or fixing the bugs, if any.
Deploy the Power BI reports to dev, qa testing and production and provide the required access to users
Able to pull API’s as data source to Power BI
Participated in Sprint Review and Planning, Daily Scrum and Agile ceremonies.

Power BI Developer
Tata Consultancy Services (Client Prudential Financial)
August 2021 – August 2023

Extensively involved in design of Dashboard to display all the customer related information.
Developing all the visualizations which are requested by the business users using Power BI
Design and developed the Power BI solution to create reports, visualizations and dashboards as per the business requirements and published enterprise.
While designing the Power Bi reports and dashboards, the measures are created using DAX programming language. Writing all the calculations using DAX formulas
Created business reports by joining multiple tables from multiples database using complex SQL queries.
Developed visual reports and creating relational model using Power BI desktop.
Used different type of slicers available in Power BI for creating reports.
Worked on all kind of reports such as Yearly, Quarterly, Monthly, and Daily
Designed and deployed reports with Drill Down, Drill Through and drop-down menu option and parameterized and Linked reports
Worked on all types of transformations that are available in Power BI query editor.
Utilized Power Query in Power BI to Pivot and Un-pivot the data model for data cleansing and data massaging.
Identify reporting opportunities that will help increase efficiency by identifying any gaps in the process/exception reporting.
Hands on experience in writing stories and capturing requirements in JIRA.
Ability to lead dashboard demos for stakeholders to solicit feedback and leading UAT efforts and accepting completed development work on behalf of the business.
Scheduled the data refresh for dashboards and reports to show the updated data.
Support the User Acceptance Testing by addressing any technical queries or fixing the bugs, if any.
Deadline oriented with the ability to manage concurrent deliverables.
Participated in Daily Scrum Huddles

Power BI Developer
MrCooper Mortgage Formerly Known as Nationstar * Coppell TX
Jan 2017 – May 2021

Worked with Senior Management and Department Heads to provide reporting related to KPIs
Directly involved in requirement gathering and understanding business functions with the end users
Extract transform, and load data using Power BI, Power Query, SQL
Created DAX, calculated columns, KPI’s and measures in Power BI Desktop.
Secured the reports using row-level security on data in Power BI Desktop.
Created different visualization (Stacked bar Chart, Clustered bar Chart, Scatter Chart, Pie Chart, Donut Chart, Line & Clustered Column Chart, Map, Slicer, Table, Matrix etc.) in Power BI according to the requirements.
Requirements Gathering – Worked directly with users and subject matter experts to identify, understand, and translate key metrics into high-quality analytics solutions designed to enhance and improve critical business processes.
Data mine a large population of data to help identify relevant information and build scripts to consolidate operational reporting elements.
Connected to different data sources, importing data and transforming data for Business Intelligence.
Proficient in the development of highly visual reports, dashboards, and data narratives
Power BI large dataset experience including Direct Query, composite models, and aggregates.
Developed visual reports and creating relational model using Power BI desktop.
Secured the reports using row-level security on data in Power BI Desktop.
Published Power BI Reports in the required originations and made Power BI Dashboards available in Web clients and mobile apps.
Created business reports by joining multiple tables from multiples database using complex SQL queries.
Developed and shared Power BI reports and dashboards with various user groups in Power BI service.
Configured Power BI enterprise data gateway for scheduled data refresh of Power BI datasets.
Adept in developing, publishing, and scheduling Power BI reports as per the business requirements.
Ability to effectively deliver and present work to the appropriate audience.
Deadline oriented with the ability to manage concurrent deliverables.
Generated daily, weekly, and monthly reports for the managers.
Participated in Sprint Planning, Daily Scrum and Agile ceremonies

SQL Server/SSIS/ETL Developer
Nationstar Mortgage * Coppell TX
August 2013 – December 2016

Gathered business/reporting requirements from the LOB and converted them into technical specifications.
Implemented projects/reports using complex SQL queries, joins, stored procedures, functions, and sub queries.
Proficient in Microsoft SQL Server as well as reading and writing complex SQL.
Developed and created new database objects including tables, views, indexes, triggers, stored procedures, and functions.
Created business reports by joining multiple tables from multiples database using complex SQL queries.
Designed and developed SSIS Packages to import data from variety of sources like XML, CSV, Excel and OLEDB.
Developed SSIS packages using for each loop in control flow to process all flat files within folder, File System Task to move file into archive after processing and execute SQL task to insert transaction log data into the SQL table.
Performed various Data Transformations using conditional split, derived columns, data conversion, lookup, OLED Command, and merge joins in SSIS.
Experience in using sequence, for loop and foreach loop container to automate processes and facilitate the package to run dynamically.
Performed data cleansing transformations to remove duplicates, merge/split/correct data, filter out the null values and convert raw data for further use and processing.
Developed, tested, and deployed SSIS packages in different environments for various projects.
Responsible for Deploying, Scheduling Jobs, and Maintaining SSIS packages.
Participated in Sprint Planning, Daily Scrum and Agile ceremonies.

Bank of America * Forth Worth TX
BI Report Analyst
Jan 2009 - August 2013.

Gathered business/reporting requirements from the clients and converted them into technical specifications.
Created AD HOC reports at client requests.
Used Understanding of SQL Programming language to query system databases.
Create reports utilizing Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services to meet business needs.
Worked with Line of Business to understand the reporting needs and create reports using SQL query within the servicing systems.
Performed detailed loan level analysis of loan exceptions, using Excel, V-Lookup, SQL and various workflow and servicing systems.
Performed analysis of exception reports during the reporting cycle in order to make required corrections to the loans.
Communicated reporting changes, enhancements, and modifications – verbally or through written documentation – to management and other employees so that issues and solutions are understood.

Education: University Of North Texas, Denton, TX BBA in Finance

Microsoft Certifications: PL – 300 Microsoft Power BI Data Analyst – English (ENU)
Contact this candidate