*ANYA FLATE
Power BI Developer
Alexandria, VA 443-***-**** ad1aqv@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY

●6+ Years of Extensive Experience in Business Intelligence Applications.
●Excellent understanding of Relational Database Systems, Normalization, and logical and physical data modeling.
●Responsible for creating SQL datasets for Power BI and Ad-hoc Reports.
●Expert in creating multiple kinds of Power BI Reports and Dashboards.
●Created, Maintained & scheduled various reports in Power BI like Tabular Reports.
●Experience in creating all key database objects – Tables, Views, Triggers, Indices, Stored Procedures, User Defined Functions, Dynamic SQL.
●Experienced in creating multiple kinds of Reports in Power BI and presenting them using Story points.
●Knowledge in building data visualizations and reporting using Power BI and Tableau and SSRS.
●Explore data in a variety of ways and across multiple visualizations using Power BI.
●Experience performance tuning, writing queries, stored procedures, functions, and triggers.
●Flexible and adaptable attitude disciplined and able to manage multiple priorities and wear many hats.
●Excellent interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills.
●Strong attention to detail with the ability to be proactive, solve problems, think ahead, and multi-task daily, excellent time management skills, and the ability to work under time pressure and handle multiple projects at a time.
●Willing to learn and implement new data technologies as needed.
EXPERIENCE

Power BI Developer
Ford Motor Dearborn, MI Feb 2020 - Present
●Developing system standards, architecture, scenarios, detailed screen specifications and documented logical and physical data model.
●Working on new Data warehouse design for ETL and Reporting projects using SSIS, SSRS.
●Involving on creating multiple kinds of Report in Power BI and presenting it using Story Points.
●Implementing indexes such as clustered index, non-clustered index, covering index appropriately on data structures to achieve faster data retrieval.
●Performing ETL operations to support incremental, historical data loads and transformations using SSIS.
●Creating complex SSAS cubes with multiple fact measure groups and multiple dimension hierarchies based on the OLAP Reporting needs.
●Implementing the cube objects like KPIs, Calculated Members using MDX, Aggregations, and Translations as well as Attribute Relationships and Hierarchies to improve the summarization performance of queries.
●Creating SSIS packages to extract data from OLTP to OLAP systems and scheduled jobs to call the packages.
●Implementing Event Handlers and Error Handling in SSIS packages and notified process results to various user communities.
●Engaging in Analyzing, designing, building, and testing OLAP cubes with SSAS and in adding calculations using MDX.
●Designing SSIS packages to import data from multiple sources to control upstream and downstream data into SQL database.
●Working with database connections, SQL joins, cardinalities, loops, aliases, views, aggregate conditions, parsing of objects, and hierarchies.
●Creating SQL Agent Jobs and scheduling the SSIS Package to run overnight. Resolved the issues associated with the job failure.
●Developing SSIS, SSRS / T-SQL Code, and scheduling jobs for Jobs Monitoring Automation.
●Involving in Developing and Extending SSAS Cubes, Dimensions, and data source view SSAS-Data Mining Models and Deploying and Processing SSAS objects.
●Developing Scorecards/Reports for the system using SSRS, and Power BI.
●Designing SSRS reports with sub-reports, dynamic sorting, defining data sources, and subtotals for the report.
●Building Ad-Hoc reports in Power BI depending on business requirements was one of the major responsibilities.
●Involving in SQL Server Configuration, Administration, Implementation, and Trouble-shooting for Business work. Migrated existing self-service reports and ad-hoc reports to Power BI.
●Developing custom calculated measures using DAX in Power BI to satisfy business requirements.
●Importing data from SQL Server databases and Analysis services into the power pivot data model.
●Maintaining the physical database by monitoring performance, integrity and optimizing SQL queries for maximum efficiency using SQL Profile.
●Creating a data maintenance plan for backup and restore and updating statistics and rebuilding indexes.
●Granting access to the database users by creating logins with appropriate role permission.
SQL / Power BI Developer
Wells Fargo San Francisco, CA May 2018 – Feb 2020
●Analyzed the KPIs based on the end user requirements and needs to develop dashboards using Power BI.
●Extract business data from different OLTP systems and load it into a data warehouse using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS).
●Worked on providing row-level securities using power bi to restrict data access for various users.
●Expertise in publishing Power BI reports of dashboards in the Power BI server and scheduling the dataset to refresh for live data in the Power BI server.
●Developed SQL queries using stored procedures, common table expressions (CTEs), and temporary tables to support Power BI reports.
●Work closely with Client Services, Data Services, and Document Control teams to understand project requirements and advise on best practices for project setup.
●Created maintenance plans, stored procedures, and functions using Transact-SQL to increase performance and ease of access for data manipulations.
●Created and implemented Microsoft Office Suite custom applications to interface stakeholders with data and automated applications to assist with the creation of document production sets and privilege logs.
●Provided application support and troubleshooting assistance to stakeholders.
●Utilized SQL- DML, DDL, and DCL classes to set up, create, maintain, and manage SQL database backend functions daily.
●Used SQL Azure Databases, Data Lakes, SSIS, and SSAS tabular models to capture features used to train risk attribute models used to score and identify high-risk deals.
●Used TFS (Team Foundation Server) and Visual Studio Team Services (VSTS) to share all the work codes to sort out the exceptions raised during work.
●Responsible for creating documentation to assist my team in effectively transferring duties of different projects to one another.
●Identify and implement new procedures to simplify and improve the process.
Database Administrator
Home Depot Atlanta, GA Nov 2016 - May 2018
●Involved in Setting up new MS SQL Server instances and databases.
●Involved in Capacity planning of MS SQL Servers. Implemented and maintained database security.
●Going through the client’s requirements and coming up with database design and application architecture. Plan capacity specification requirements for new database servers.
●Worked on Client/Server tools like SQL Server Enterprise Manager and Query Analyzer to administer SQL Server. Used SQL Server System Tables to retrieve metadata.
●Wrote many stored procedures and Triggers as per client’s requirements.
●Ran DBCC consistency checks, and fixed data corruption in application databases.
●Designed new job processes, new database maintenance plans, and DTS packages and did performance tuning of the existing processes. Troubleshoot and minimize production down issues.
●Created scheduled maintenance and backup procedures for the database as a disaster recovery method. Monitor failed and long-running MS SQL Server jobs.
●Data conversions and data loads from various databases and file structures.
●Monitor, tune, and analyze database performance and allocate server resources to achieve optimum database performance.
EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science
ENGINEERINGS
Adama Science and Technology University

Demonstrated exceptional leadership, communication, and problem-solving skills by working with cross-functional teams and collaborating effectively with stakeholders to deliver successful Power BI projects.
TECHNICAL SKILLS

Relational
Databases
MS SQL Server, Oracle, MS Access.
Reporting Tools
SSRS, Report Builder
Database Tools
SQL Server Business Intelligence Development studio (BIDS), SQL Server Management Studio, Analysis Services (SSAS), Visual Studio, Query Analyzer, SQL Profiler, TFS.
Languages
SQL, T-SQL, PL/SQL, VB.Net.
Web
Technologies
HTML, XML, XSL.
Data Modeling
Tools
ETL, Visio, Microsoft Office Suite.
BI Tools
SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, Power BI (Power Query, Power Pivot, Power View, Power Map).
Operating
Systems
Windows, UNIX, LINUX.
Contact this candidate