Ngozi L. Edoh, PhD
Research Data Analyst/BI Developer
ad1e19@r.postjobfree.com • 301-***-****
www.linkedin.com/in/ngoziedoh-phd • Maryland, MD

Summary
Highly accomplished and motivated Research Data Analyst/BI Developer with extensive experience in Health Care, Agriculture and City research. Knowledgeable in Database applications, Data modeling and warehousing, SQL Server Architecture and Reporting in different Visualization formats from various sources. Excellent in Identifying business requirements, needed for reporting and dashboard analytics leveraging Looker, Power BI and Tableau to drive business growth. Able to coomunicate findings in an engaging and interesting format.

Areas of Expertise
Excellent knowledge of Cloud Database – SNOWFLAKES, MS-AZURE, GOOGLE COLLAB
OLAP (Online Analytical processing), Data warehousing, Reporting, Querying tools and Excel
Data Analysis and techniques
Data Mining, Modeling, Migration & Harmonization,
Dimensional Data Modeling, Star Schema, Snowflake, Fact & Dimension Table, Physical and Logical Data Modeling using ERwin 3.x/4
Statistical/mathematical analytics software like Stata, SPSS, SAS and Minitab.
Import and export of data using SAS from and into Teradata tables
Excellent knowledge of Teradata DWH platform/ architecture
Healthcare information systems
Practice Management software and HIPAA Guidelines.
Python Programing for Data Analysis
Technical Skills

SAS statistical procedures like PROC Report, PROC TABULATE, PROC CORR, PROC ANOVA, PROC MEANS, PROC TTEST, PROC FREQ, PROC UNIVARIATE, and PROC LOGISTIC
SAS programming for extracting data from Flat files, Excel spreadsheets and external RDBMS tables using LIBNAME and SQL PASSTHRU facility
Great understanding of quantitative and qualitative research methods
Strong understanding of quantitative analysis methodologies
Strong computer and office administration skills with a vast knowledge of Windows and Microsoft Office Suite 365, Google Suite (including Sheets, Docs, Slides)
Excellent knowledge and usage of reporting tools such as Tableau, Power BI, Looker and SAS

Experience in utilizing customer data from CRM systems to identify patterns and trends, leading to customer retention strategies and improved customer satisfaction..
Great understanding of SDLC methodologies such as Waterfall, Agile (Jira’s SCRUM) and Asana
strong ability to adapt and learn new technologies and new business lines rapidly
Good knowledge of portfolio analysis, management and customer segmentation
Self-motivated, strong communication skills, great attention to details and ability to multi-task
Exceptional organizational and time management skills and the ability to work independently.
Excellent team player, working diplomatically and collaboratively with all levels of staff to ensure successful implementation of assignments
Operating Systems
Win XP, Vista, 7, Windows Server 2003, 2008(X32, X64), Unix
Databases
MS SQL Server 2005/2008/2012, Teradata 12/13, MySQL 5.2, 5.7, Oracle 9i, 10g, 11g, DB2
Other Tools
SAS Base 9.x, SAS Enterprise Guide, Erwin Data Modeler, ER Assistant, ArcGIS Online, HubSpot, Salesforce
Test Tools
HP Quick Test Professional 10/11, HP Quality Center 10
Querying Tools
SQL Management Studio 2008/2012, Teradata SQL Assistant, SQL Plus, SQL Developer, Teradata-BTEQ, PL/SQL
Querying language
SQL, PL/SQL, TSQL
Business Intelligence Tools
Tableau, Power BI, Looker (Google Data Studio), Advance Excel and PowerPivot
Programming language
Python, SAS

Career Experience
Bloomberg Center for Public Innovation (BCPI) at Johns Hopkins 09/ 2022-09/2023
Research Data Analyst (Contractor: Randstad USA)

Responsibilities:

Create, document and analyze data within BCPI.
Leverage different data sources for ingestion and manipulation of data.
Provides expert content/professional leadership on complex data management strategy and projects.
Offers critical data analysis, project management and administration support toward the implementation of programs that support BCPI in providing innovative creative solutions that help Local Governments solve problems that matter to leaders and residents.
Provide analytical support to Practice Directors and the Data and Insights Senior Advisor and other team members as they deliver programs and projects.
Contributes to data oversight, cleaning, validation, usage, system analysis and data retention to assure data quality standards.
Collaborates with other team members to ensure data consistency and quality throughout the program.
Exercises considerable creativity, foresight, and data-oriented research in conceiving, planning, and delivering initiatives.
Uses deep professional knowledge and acumen to advise during the planning of team projects and programs.
Conduct data analysis and comparison across systems, perform data profiling activities to provide statistics and informative summaries for integration of new source system data into environment.
Investigate data discrepancies reported by business, extrapolate business rules based on data analysis and document analysis findings.
Translates business requirements into insightful reports and dashboards to uncover insights using Looker and Power BI
Weekly, biweekly, and quarterly team presentations to Data and Insight Teams, Directors, and Stakeholders to communicate findings using Power Point
Produce and document knowledge transfer (KT) data documents and requirements, data strategy and rules for quality assurance.
Mapped data using API from AirTable to Power BI and HubSpot to Salesforce.
Perform ad-hoc data analysis using Python, SAS, or Excel.
Train Stakeholders and Staff on how to use and interact with the Dashboard.

Cigna/Evernorth Bloomfield, CT 02/ 2022-05/2022
Data Management Strategic & Gov. Advisor (Remote Contractor: Pyramid Consulting)

Responsibilities:

Constructing and manipulating large electronic claims within customer database
Understand, document, and analyze data within Client/Producer data assets as well as document data requirements from source to target data migration.
Leveraged big query and different data sources for ingestion and manipulation of data.
Analyzes data from different domains using advanced Microsoft Excel.
Provides expert content/professional leadership on complex Data Management Strategy & Governance assignments/projects.
Contributes to data governance and applies seasoned knowledge to ensure data quality.
Contributes to data oversight, data usage, and system analysis also data retention to assure data quality standards. Collaborates with other departments to ensure data consistency and quality throughout the organization.
Exercises considerable creativity, foresight, and judgment in conceiving, planning, and delivering initiatives.
Uses deep professional knowledge and acumen to advise functional leaders studying the database.
Focuses on providing thought leadership within Data Management Strategy & Governance but works on broader projects, which require understanding of wider business.
Biweekly presentations to Stakeholders communicating findings in different domains using Power Point
Conduct data analysis and comparison across systems Perform data profiling activities to provide statistics and informative summaries for integration of new source system data into environment.
Investigate data discrepancies reported by business, triage the issue with DG/IT Extrapolate business rules based on data analysis and document analysis findings.
Work collaboratively with Business, IT, data modelers, data quality analysts, delivery teams to ensure data integrity and analyze data findings.
Present and create output reports using PPT and Tableau.

Medicare/Medicaid Advantage Plan, Tennessee 01/ 2021-02/ 2022
Data Analyst/ BI Developer (Part Time-Remote Contractor: Swiftlearn IT Solutions)

Responsibilities:

Assemble business requests, analyze needs, and develop self-service data analytics platforms
Analyzed the source systems and developed the Conceptual Model in an Excel Spreadsheet
Translated business requirements into client’s specifications that were used to implement the required reports and dashboards
Wrote complex SQL queries using advanced SQL concepts such as such as Derived Tables and Common Table
Expressions (CTEs) and Aggregate functions to pull the data based on the client’s request after studying the database schema
Accomplished extensive data validation by writing several complex SQL queries and involved in back-end
testing to ensure data quality
Used SAS to import data from multiple data sources.
Worked with the Data Modeler/Architect team to develop the Logical Model.
Built a database to have a link of high-performing Orthopedic Hospitals that provide quality care at low cost.
Developed a compelling and intuitive visualization and reports in Power BI to satisfy the client’s requirements and make necessary decisions that are data driven
Designed interactive visualization using Power BI with Sync Slicers and very strong Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) that answered the business questions
Developed Power BI dashboards and automated processes for updating content used in standardized dashboards.
Fulfilled numerous data requests featuring Visual, Page, Report Level Filters
Used Power BI functionality such as Drill through Level Filters to go to different sections of the reports to see different visuals that tell story at an additional granularity.
Used DAX to create Calculated Measures and Columns used to highlight factors affecting the quality of care
Provided support to ensure the availability and performance of developed reports and dashboards for different departments
Created and established row level security for the different departmental heads
Published reports on Power BI Service and scheduled incremental refresher on the data

APEX Home Care INC, Bowie, MD (Remote Contractor: Swiftlearn IT Solutions) 08/2017 – 09/2021
Data analyst / BI Developer

Responsibilities:

Responsible for error handling, stored procedure, creating tables, views, triggers etc.
Created DTS Packages for migration of data between MS SQL Server database and other databases like
MS Access, MS Excel and Flat Files.
Used DTS to migrate the tables to the Data Warehouse. Handled Different DSS (Decision Support System) for various applications.
Use SQL for level proficiency in database manipulation.
Created the SQL scripts for demonstrating the prototypes and for verifying the result sets.
Created User Interface Specifications and wire frames.
Used SAS and Python to import and export data from and into SQL Server Database.
Worked with the Data Modeler/Architect team to develop the Logical Model.
Built a database to have a link of high-performing Orthopedic Hospitals that provide quality care at low-cost.
Developed a compelling and intuitive visualization and reports in Tableau to satisfy the client’s requirements and make necessary decisions that are data driven
Designed interactive visualization using Tableau with very strong Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) that answered the business questions
Used interactive objects for the end users to filter data based on their requirement.
Applied labels and correct data formatting techniques for better understanding
Used Tableau functionality such as Joins, Union and Data blending where necessary to aid in building the report
Provided support to ensure the availability and performance of developed reports and dashboards for different departments
Applied Row Level, View Level and LODs on Dimensions and Measures
Used INCLUDE LOD to provide a more granular level of values in the report
Published reports on Tableau Public

https://public.tableau.com/shared/RPXRM796W?:display_count=n&:origin=viz_share_link

Data Analyst / BI Developer 08/2016 – 07/2017
Bank of America New York NY (Remote Contractor: Swiftlearn IT Solutions)

Responsibilities:

Wrote SQL queries that were highly tuned using concepts like Explain, Stats, CAST and volatile tables.
Wrote complex SQL queries using advanced SQL concepts like aggregate functions, Group by and OLAP (Online Analytical Functions).
Used SAS and Python to import and export data from and into SQL Server tables.
Planned, analyzed and designed Universes using SAP Business Objects as per Business needs.
Created Power BI Dashboards with Sync Slicers and interactive views
Developed Power BI dashboards with very strong KPI that gave a boost to the business stock market
Fulfilled numerous data requests for financial profiling using powerful visualization featuring Visual, Page, Report Level Filters
Generated Power BI Dashboard using Drill through Level Filters to go to different sections of the report to see different visuals that tell story at an additional granularity.
Used DAX to create calculated measures and columns used to highlight factors affecting profitability in the business
Created and established row level security for the different departmental heads
Published reports on Power BI Service and scheduled incremental refresher on the data
Responsible for error handling, stored procedure, creating tables, views, triggers etc.
Created DTS Packages for migration of data between MS SQL Server database and other databases like
MS Access, MS Excel and Flat Files.
Used DTS to migrate the tables to the Data Warehouse. Handled Different DSS (Decision Support System) for various applications.
Configured the Data mapping between Oracle and SQL Server.
Used Query Analyzer, Execution Plan to optimize SQL Queries.
Use SQL for high level proficiency in database manipulation.
Created the SQL scripts for demonstrating the prototypes and for verifying the result sets.
Created User Interface Specifications and wire frames.
Use advanced SQL concepts like OLAP, Group By and aggregate functions
Use complex SQL queries in advance to fetch data from other tools.
Wrote queries to fetch data from different table by using JOINs, Sub-queries, Correlated sub-queries and derived tables on Teradata platform.
Developed stored procedures, views, triggers, execute test cases and defect management for ETL and BI systems.

CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield Owings Mills, MD 07/2014- 06/2016
SAS Programmer II Analyst (Contractor: Swiftlearn IT Solutions)
Responsibilities:
Analyzed large amount of hospitality data on hundreds of small to mid-size properties of Wyndham group of hotels.
Ran SQL queries in Oracle database to analyze and manipulate data.
Wrote SAS programs to perform ad-hoc analysis and data manipulation.
Created various SAS Reports, Tables, Graphs and Summary analysis on PMS systems being used in these properties.
Checked for invalid/out of range data.
Communicated with property managers to verify information and fix invalid data.
Transferred data from Oracle database as well as MS Excel into SAS for analysis and used filters based on the analysis.
Used SAS Import/Export Wizard as well as SAS Programming techniques to extract data from Excel.
Used SAS Base programming as well as SAS Enterprise Guide 4.0 to produce various reports, charts and graphs.
Leadership Experience
Project Lead
Regional Swiftlearn IT Project
Board Chairperson
WCCRM Logos International Nursery & Primary School
Volunteering Experience
Women Leader
WCCRM Church
Member
CASA Maryland
Education
Doctorate in Food Chemistry
Benue State University, Makurdi, NI (WES USA evaluated)
Master’s Biosafety in Plant Biotechnology
Universita Politecnica Delle Marche, Ancona, IT
Master’s Environmental Chemistry
Michael Okpara University of Agriculture, Umudike, NI
BSc. Applied Chemistry
University of Uyo, NI
Contact this candidate