Dane Farkhod
Phone: 214-***-****
Email: ad1fhr@r.postjobfree.com
Allen, TX 75002
SUMMARY SQL/BI Developer with 8+ years of experience in Design, Development and Analysis of SQL Server and SQL Server BI tools such as SSMS, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS in development, test and production environments as well as visualization tools such as Tableau and PowerBI. Excellent analytical problem solving and debugging skills, with strong ability to quickly learn and comprehend business processes and problems in order to effectively develop technical solutions to their requirements. Domain Expertise in Healthcare, Finance and Insurance. WORK
EXPERIENCE
Microsoft, Redmond, WA
October 2021 - Present
SQL/SSRS developer
Responsibilities:
● Responsible for logical and physical data modeling, database design, data analysis, programming,
documentation and implementation.
● Managed Index statistics, tables, views, cursors and optimizing queries by using execution plan for tuning the database .
● Designed and implemented T-SQL queries for reporting and complex solution development .
● Supported multiple concurrent projects enabling delivery efficiencies and technical resolution.
● Maintained complex T-SQL queries, views and stored procedures in multi-database environment with little supervision.
● Generating SSRS reports which included various reporting features such as groups, sub-groups, adjacent-groups, group by total, group by sub-total, grand totals, drill- downs, drill-through, sub-reports, navigation reports.
● Creating parameterized reports like standard parameter reports, cascading parameter reports which consist of report criteria in various reports to minimize the report execution time and to limit the number of records
required.
● Creating linked reports, ad-hoc reports based on the requirement.
● Creating subscriptions to provide reports on a
daily/weekly/monthly/quarterly and annual basis.
● Creating stored procedures to validate the data coming with different data discrepancies using data conversions. Kaiser Permanente, Sacramento, CA
October 2018 – October 2021
SQL/SSIS Developer
Responsibilities:
● Transformed business requirements into functional and nonfunctional requirements.
● Designed and developed SSIS packages, stored
procedures, configuration files, tables, views, functions and implemented best practices to maintain optimal performance.
● Designed and tested (Unit, Integration and Regression) packages to extract, transform and load data using SQL Server Integration services (SSIS).
● Designed packages which utilized tasks and
transformations such as Execute SQL Task, Data Flow Task, Sequence container and Conditional split, Data Conversion, Derived column and Multi casting.
● Scheduled the jobs to streamline and automate
cumbersome repeated tasks using SSIS.
● Involved in all phases of System Development Life Cycle(SDLC). Developed, executed and maintained SQL queries/scripts and to validate completeness, integrity and accuracy of data.
● Responsibilities Designed standards for database tables, columns, procedures and views.
● Created junked and conformed dimension in Data
Warehouse environment.
● Created degenerative dimension within OLAP
environment.
● Implemented configurations for data viewers, logging and error during package handling.
● Created SSIS packages for file transfer from one location to the other using FTP task with Master SSIS package to run all other packages. Adding nodes to already existing clustered servers as a part of data load high availability.
UnitedHealth Group– Minnetonka, MN
April 2015 – September 2018
SQL/ETL Developer
Responsibilities:
● Worked closely with domains data architects and
suggested configuration and process changes to improve the reliability, scalability and supportability of SSIS/MSBI environment.
● Involved in all phases of SDLC and gathering business requirements from business people.
● Converted DTS application to SSIS as assigned.
● Developing DTS packages to Extract, Transform and Load into the campaign database from OLTP Database using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS).
● Created ETL metadata reports using SSRS, reports including execution times for the SSIS packages, failure reports with the error description.
● Designed SSIS Packages to extract, transfer, load existing data into SQL Server from different
environments.
● Creating complex stored procedures using a linked server, CTE, temp table, SQL joins, ranking functions, and dynamic SQL and responsible for performing T-SQL tuning, multi-tasking and optimizing queries which takes longer time in execution with SQL Server 2008/2012.
● Performing documentation for all kinds of reports and DTS and SSIS packages.
EDUCATION
Samarkand State University of Economics
Uzbekistan, Samarkand
Bachelor of Economics
REFERENCES References available on request
Contact this candidate