Sowmya Pasala
Sr Power BI/SQL BI Developer
ad20a4@r.postjobfree.com
469-***-****

Professional summary:
Overall around 9 years of experience in IT industry with a strong background in Analysis, Design and Development in the field of Database and implementation of Business Intelligence applications.
Worked extensively in the field of Microsoft Business Intelligence (MSBI) and designed & developed solutions using Microsoft SQL Server, Web API, SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS).
Experience in designing/creating, deploying reports using SSRS.
Experience in creating ETL packages to automate and integrate different data sources into SQL Server database using SSIS tool.
Worked extensively to integrate different data sources from other databases like DB2, Oracle to Redshift Database based on business requirement.
Experience with SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) Cube.
Experience with Power BI Dashboard and PowerApps applications & BI development using Microsoft Power platform in addition to experience in design, development, and implementation on web-based applications. Hands on experience in installing, configuring, and managing SQL Server 2016/2012/2008/2005.
Worked in Web API integration with data modelling and visualization best practices and provided valuable data insights to drive informed business decisions and support clients in achieving their strategic goals.
Worked extensively on creating Tables, Stored Procedures, Views, Indexes, Cursors, Triggers and User Defined Functions.
Worked extensively on RDBMS and Database design.
Experience in Migrating SQL Server, SSIS, SSRS projects to the latest versions and into Azure Infrastructure based on business requirement.
Expert on creating multiple kind of Power BI Reports and Dashboards.Created, Maintained & scheduled various reports in Power BI.
Experience in developing application in PowerApps using Common data service CDS, SQL, Excel, Flow and SharePoint. Proficient in all phases of SDLC (analysis, design, development, testing and deployment) and highly competent in gathering user requirements.
Published Power BI reports from Power BI desktop to Power BI service. Created different visualization in Power BI according to the requirements.
Performed data cleaning, data validation, and data analysis using data analysis expressions (DAX), power query and power Pivot.
Experience in using DAX and generated dashboards and Reports and integrated with PowerApps.
Experience in query optimization & performance tuning. Used Performance tools like SQL Profiler, Index Tuning Wizard and Database Engine Tuning Advisor
Published reports to Azure-based Power BI services (Pro) and schedule subscription and various sharing options (workspace, content pack, and Apps).
Excellent hands-on experience in groups, hierarchies, and measures, KPIs
Designed Practical Data Visualizations, Charts, Dashboards, Prototypes and Demos, for Analytical Projects and Data Visualization Community.
Expert in working on all phases of Data warehouse from gathering requirements to testing, implementation, and support.
Good experience in SAP and BI/BW implementations, upgrades, and support activities
Excellent knowledge in Performance tuning methodologies at a database level, ETL, and Report Level.
Proficient in the ER-Data Modeler, for the designing of Conceptual Design, Logical Design, and Physical Design and setting up the database model.
Excellent knowledge of Data Warehousing methodologies and concepts, including Star schema, Snowflake, ETL processes, Dimensional modelling, and reporting tools.
Proficient in applying transformation rules - Data Conversion, Data Cleansing, Data Aggregation, Data Merging and Data split.
Implemented Power BI gateway different gateway to matching analysis criteria and further modelling for Power Pivot and Power View. Expert in Creating, configuring, and Fine-tuning SSIS packages, SSRS reports and T-SQL queries using tools like SQL profiler Monitoring tool. Experience in creating jobs, alerts, SQL mail agent, and schedules for SSIS Packages in SQL Server Agent.
Automation has been a vital aspect of my development experience. Knowledge of SAP query development. Highly proficient in using T-SQL for developing complex Stored Procedures, Triggers, Tables, Views, User Functions, User profiles, Relational Database Models and data Integrity, SQL joins and query Writing.
Optimized all major relational database and Datawarehouse and accessed multidimensional databases and flat files using WE.
Proficient in applying transformation rules - Data Conversion, Data Cleansing, Data Aggregation, Data Merging and Data split.
Experience in designing and developing data pipelines and worked in data integration and ETL processes to create efficient and scalable data solutions that drive data-driven insights and support business growth.
Expert in generating reports using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS). Proficient in SQL Enterprise Manager, SQL Query Analyzer, scheduling jobs with SQL Server Agent, and SQL Profiler.
Having knowledge in Dimensional Data Modelling and manipulations in SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS)
Experience in ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) and data integration and can leverage my expertise in ETL processes to drive data-driven insights and optimize data workflows. Expertise in DAX & MDX Languages which helps in understanding and analysing the data.
Worked in all the products in Power BI such as Power BI Pro, Embedded, Premium, Power BI Mobile.
Specialized in Web API integration and automation for development of Power BI Reports and dashboard . Proficient in implementing surrogate key generation strategy in the Data warehouse.
Great team player, strong interpersonal and communication skills combined with self-motivation, initiative, and the ability to think outside the box.

Technical Skills:
Data Warehousing/BI Tools SQL Server Business Intelligence Development – SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, DTS, Power BI, Tableau, Spotfire.
RDBMS/DBMS SQL Server, MS SQL SERVER 2005/08/12, ORACLE 9i/10g, MS Access.
Database tools Management Studio, SQL Profiler, Database Tuning Advisor, Query Analyzer, DTS, Performance Monitor, Client Configuration Utility, Server Configuration Utility.
Programming Languages C#, .net, VBScript Protocols / Middleware TCP/IP, HTTP, FTP, UDP/IP, DOM, ODBC
Visualization Tools Power BI, Tableau, Spotfire, Power Pivot, ETL Tools(Talend)

Professional Experience
AT&T, New York City, NY Oct 2022- Present
Sr Power BI/MSBI Developer
Responsibilities:
Led the design and development of interactive and visually appealing Power BI dashboards and reports for various business units within AT&T.
Collaborated closely with cross-functional teams to gather requirements, analyse data, and translate business needs into effective data visualizations.
Integrated Custom Visuals based on business requirements using Power BI desktop.
Used Power BI, Power Pivot to develop data analysis prototype, and used power view and power map to visualize reports. Published Power BI Reports in the required originations and made Power BI Dashboards available in web clients.
Proficient in designing and developing dynamic and interactive Power BI reports and dashboards, utilizing Web APIs to fetch and analyse real-time data from various external sources.
Adept at creating custom data connectors, building M code scripts, and leveraging Power Automate to enhance data integration and automation capabilities. Demonstrated ability to provide valuable data insights to drive informed business decisions and deliver exceptional results.
Involved in creating data visualizations like Clustered Column Chart, Line Chart, Slicer, Gauge Visualization etc. with Power BI. Utilized Power BI gateway to keep dashboards and reports up to date with on premise data sources.
Designed custom data connectors and utilized Power Query to fetch and transform data from Web API endpoints. Developing visual reports, dashboards and KPI scorecards using Power BI desktop
Worked on DAX query to create calculated columns and calculated measures based on requirements.
Extensively worked in analysing profiling and modelling data in the Power BI Desktop using Query Editor and Relation Ship view. Integrate Power App with Power BI to enable the write back feature from Power BI. Sharing of Power BI reports and managing workspaces in Power BI service. Have experience in importing data from SQL Server DB, Azure SQL DB to Power BI to generate reports.
Provided continued maintenance and development of bug fixes for the existing and new Power BI Reports. Worked with Web APIs to build robust and flexible reporting solutions that empower organizations to harness the full potential of real-time data and make data-driven decisions effectively. Expertise in writing complex DAX functions in Power BI and Power Pivot.
Automated Power Query refresh using power shell script and windows task scheduler. Used various sources to pull data into Power BI such as SQL Server, SQL Azure.
Leveraged Web APIs to integrate real-time data from various sources, enabling dynamic and interactive reporting capabilities. Proficient In Making Dax Queries in Power Bi Desktop Exposure to Various Azure Components
Creating Data Factories in Azure Data factory. Worked with team for Preparation and cleaning of data using Talend data preparation tool, Azure data lake and python programming.
Creating reports from import, direct query and live data from several data sources and experience in combining data using power query. Created Several user roles and groups to the end user and provided row level security. Experience in scheduling Refresh and creating alerts for Power BI reports.
Validate data during the migration process from On Prem to Cloud. Experience in creating Power BI apps and embedded reports for customers. Involved in creating the notebooks for moving data from raw to stage and then to curated zones using Azure data bricks.
Working in an Agile environment/team and usage of Azure DevOps for Application Lifecycle Management. Installed and configured Enterprise gateway and Personal gateway in Power bi service.
Created Indexes for fast retrieval of the data and used string functions for space management in database. Involved in Performance tuning and Query Optimization using execution plan.
Created excel live views for business and auditing purposes. Developed SSIS packages to extract transactional data from Teradata and load them into SQL server tables.
Creating SSIS Package Configurations and maintaining their tables by editing the values of the variables as per the requirement.
Worked on re-design of the few SSIS Package which involved very complex logic and more than a 100 tables and tasks and developed simplified version of the Packages.
Involved in data cleansing to remove unnecessary columns eliminate redundant and inconsistent data by using SSIS transformations.
Performed the deployment of the developed Packages into various Environments and schedule them as Jobs through the SQL Server Agent. Provided continued maintenance and bugs fixes for the existing and new Power BI reports. Involved in Performance Optimization using execution plan.
Documentation of business and IT solutions, business process functional and non-functional requirements, and problems. Communicated and enforced report and data visualization standards.
Configured SQL mail agent for sending automatic emails on errors and developed complex reports using multiple data providers, using defined objects, chart. Scheduled reports with the help of standard/data-driven subscriptions in SSRS. Designed, deployed, and maintained various SSRS Reports in SQL Server/ Report Manager. Created custom reports and data sets for reports using global variables, expressions, and functions.
Environment: MS SQL Server 2017/2016/2014/2012, MS SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS), MS SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SSAS, SSRS, Tableau, MS SQL Server, Unix Shell script, Microsoft Azure, Web Services/API’s MS Visual Studio 2017, MS Excel, SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Power BI, T-SQL, Autosys, C#, GIT, Source Tree, Visio

Autodesk, New York City, NY July 2021 – Sep 2022
Sr Power BI/MSBI Developer
Responsibilities:
Design and develop intuitive and visually appealing reports, and dashboards using Microsoft Power BI in collaboration with SMEs. Participated in requirements gathering and illustration of designs using wireframes. Worked on Documentation of business and IT solutions, business process functional and non-functional requirements, and problems.
Designed end-to-end data pipelines to efficiently extract, transform, and load data from various sources into data warehouses and analytical systems.
Implemented data ingestion processes to collect data from structured and unstructured sources, including databases, APIs, logs, and cloud storage.
Developed data transformation workflows using ETL tools such as Apache Spark or Talend, ensuring data quality and consistency. Collaborated with cross-functional teams to understand business requirements and translate them into effective data pipeline designs.
Developing and maintaining SAP design and technical specification documents by development of SAP BW models, data flows and queries.
Implemented automated data refresh and integration processes using Power Automate, ensuring data accuracy and timeliness.
Designed and implemented complex ETL workflows to extract data from diverse sources, including databases, APIs, and flat files.
Developed and maintained data pipelines using ETL tools like SSIS or Talend, ensuring efficient data movement and transformation.
Conducted data profiling and cleansing to ensure data accuracy and consistency throughout the ETL process. Assisted in managing the Power BI environment, Enhancements, and support of Power BI applications.
Worked with diverse data sources, including on-premises and cloud-based systems, to create seamless data pipelines. Developed custom ETL scripts and procedures to handle specific data formats and business requirements.
Conducted data validation and reconciliation to ensure data accuracy and consistency across systems. Presented findings and ETL recommendations to clients. Performed data cleaning, data validation, and data analysis using data analysis expressions (DAX), power query and power Pivot. Perform hands on developer activities such as building data visualizations that can be used in interactive reports and dashboards.
Designed and developed custom Power BI solutions, incorporating Web API integration for real-time data visualization. Involved in Technical discussions and decisions for Business requirements, Interaction with Business Analysts, Client team and Development team.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to understand data requirements and translate business needs into effective ETL solutions.
Optimized ETL performance and scalability to handle large volumes of data efficiently. Implemented data quality checks and error handling mechanisms to maintain data integrity.
Designed SSIS packages for transferring and reviewing data from heterogeneous sources like Excel, CSV, flat file, and OLEDB supported databases.
Set-up Enterprise Gateway and SSAS Connector on Azure VM for POWER BI Report Deployments
Designed and developed custom Power BI solutions, incorporating Web API integration for real-time data visualization. Used various sources to pull data into Power BI such as SQL Server, SAP BW, Oracle, SQL Azure etc.
Published reports to Azure-based Power BI services (Pro) and schedule subscription and various sharing options (workspace, content pack, and Apps).
Written stored procedures and used them in packages. Implemented Event Handlers and Error Handling in SSIS packages.
Built a Tabular Model cube from scratch data and by DAX queries fetched data to SSRS and Power BI reports. Providing technical support for existing reports, and developing new reports in SAP Business Objects (Design Studio)
Extensive use of DAX expressions in tabular models as per business requirements.
Extensive use of perspectives and hierarchies in models to efficiently serve reporting needs. Responsible for building reports in Power BI from the Scratch.
Created reports in Power BI preview portal utilizing the SSAS Tabular via Analysis connector.
Experience managing Big Data platform deployed in Azure Cloud
Strong development skills with Azure Data Lake, Azure Data Factory, SQL Data Warehouse, Azure Blob, Azure Storage Explorer
Using APIs and connectors, we successfully integrated Jira data into Power BI, enabling real-time project tracking and reporting capabilities.
Azure services, such as Azure Data Factory and Azure SQL Database, were configured to create efficient ETL procedures for Power BI data sources.
Responsible for creating and changing the visualizations in Power BI reports and Dashboards on client requests. Was successful in implementing various projects that required fetching data from external sources using Web APIs, automating data updates, and enhancing data integration capabilities.
Worked on various Conditional formatting in power bi visuals to define the data in appropriate way.
Implemented Copy activity, Custom Azure Data Factory Pipeline Activities for On-cloud ETL processing. Ability to provide general expertise within the functional areas of SAP
Ability to plan SAP BW implementations including sizing, scoping, high availability and disaster recovery strategy. Developed different types of reports such as Descriptive, Predictive, Prescriptive for end-users. Created Drilldowns, Drill throughs and Bookmarks in Power BI Reports for easy navigation and storytelling. Created Dynamic Dropdown measures in slicer with the help of DAX in Power BI Desktop. Developed and deployed reports for the internal users in Power BI Report Server.
Worked by setting up scheduled data refreshes or triggering data updates based on specific events, I have ensured that the Power BI reports and dashboards are always up to date with the latest information from Web APIs.
Implemented DAX Time-intelligence functions SAMEPERIODLASTYEAR, PREVIOUSYEAR, PREVIOUSQUARTER to manipulate data using time periods, including days, months, quarters, and years, and then build and compare calculations over those periods.
Hands-on experience working with traditional SAP BW and custom SAP BW Extractors, complex transformations, advanced DSOs, composite providers, exposing BW models as mixed scenarios process in BW and performance optimization concepts. Part of the Agile/Scrum team and participated in Stand-up, grooming, planning and retrospective meetings.
Environment: MS SQL Server 2017, SQL Server Integration Services 2017 (SSIS), SQL Server Analysis Services 2017 (SSAS Tabular), SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), JIRA,Data Pipelines, Data Integration (Extract, Transform, Load), ETL Tools (Apache Spark, Talend),Cloud Data Integration (Azure), Power BI Desktop & Service, DAX, Azure, T-SQL, Microsoft Visual Studio 2017, DAX STUDIO, TFS, MS Excel.

Fidelity., Boston, MA Feb 2020 – Jul 2021
Sr MSBI / Power BI Developer
Responsibilities:
Prepares performance Dashboard, Jobs Failure stats, Data Volume check using SSRS, SSIS, SQL and Excel and gives PPT presentation near client for this on daily basis.
Developed data captures and navigation desktop and mobile aps in Microsoft Power apps that connect to distribution centre solutions design analytics in Power BI
Implemented error handling and data validation mechanisms to ensure data integrity throughout the data pipeline.
Create reports in Power BI utilizing the SSAS Tabular via Analysis connector as Data Source.
Expert in developing multiple kind of Power BI Reports and Dashboards.
Implemented Copy activity, Custom Azure Data Factory Pipeline Activities
Worked on data integration projects, overseeing the design and development of complex data pipelines for large-scale data processing.
Worked with diverse data formats, including JSON, XML, CSV, and Parquet, to create seamless data pipelines that handle various data types.
Implemented real-time data streaming using technologies like Apache Kafka or Amazon Kinesis to support near real-time data ingestion. Developed custom data connectors and integration solutions to interface with proprietary systems and third-party Post.Experience in publishing Power BI Desktop reports created in Report view to the Power BI service & Report Server.
Automated data pipeline deployment and monitoring, ensuring continuous data availability and proactive issue resolution.
Provided technical mentorship to junior data engineers, fostering a collaborative and innovative work environment. Worked Extensively in utilizing Power Query in Power BI to connect to Web APIs. This powerful tool allows me to send HTTP requests, handle responses, and extract relevant data in various formats, such as JSON or XML
Set up Microsoft Flow (Power automate) to provide auto- approval and status update features based on predefined criteria. Explore & Analyse data in a variety of ways and across multiple visualizations using Power BI.
Project Specific Activities:
Conducted data pipeline assessments and audits for clients, identifying bottlenecks and recommending optimization strategies.
Developed data migration pipelines to transfer data between on-premises and cloud environments, ensuring data consistency and security. Collaborated with data architects to design data models and schema to support efficient data storage and retrieval. Designed, developed, debugged Stored Procedures, configuration files and implement best practices packages to maintain optimal performance. Created Dashboard Reports using Power BI and Tableau. Capabilities of Power Automate (formerly Flow) to automate data refresh and integration processes has been worked on.
Primarily involved in Data Migration using SQL, SQL Azure, Azure Storage, and Azure Data Factory, SSIS, and PowerShell. Created processes to load data from Azure Storage blob to Azure SQL, to load from web API to Azure SQL and scheduled web jobs for daily loads.
Implemented Power BI Power Query to extract data from external sources and modify the data to generate the reports. Generated periodic reports based on the statistical analysis of the data from various time frame and division using Power BI.
Jira integration with Power BI was successfully established to ease project tracking and reporting operations.
Developed many Tabular Reports, Matrix Reports, drill down Reports, Bar Graph Reports using Power BI. Created various visualizations such as Stacked Charts, Pie Charts, Donut Chart cards according to business requirements. Worked on RLS to constrain the user access to the row level data. Worked on both live and import data to Power BI for creating reports. Worked with Power BI gateway to schedule daily job to refresh data
Expertise in publishing Power Bi reports of dashboards in Power BI server and scheduling the dataset to refresh for live data in Power BI server using Direct Query. Managed relationship between Power BI using Schemas such as Star & Snowflake.
Created calculated columns and measure in Power BI and Excel depending on the requirement using DAX expressions. Familiar with DAX Functions Such as SUMX, CALCULATE, ALLEXCEPT, FILTER Functions. Expertise in Data Cleansing using Power Query in Power BI Desktop Editor.
Environment: MS SQL Server 2014, SQL Server Integration Services 2014 (SSIS), SQL Server Analysis Services 2014 (SSAS), SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), DAX, T-SQL, Microsoft Visual Studio 2014, JIRA, Import/ Export Tools, MDS, DQS, Power BI Desktop, TFS, Tableau, Data Pipelines, JIRA,ETL Tools (Apache Spark, Talend), Cloud Data Integration (Azure)

Wood Forest National Bank, Woodland, Texas Oct 2018 – Dec 2019
Sr SQL BI Developer/ Power BI
Responsibilities:
Created SSIS packages to validate, extract, transform and load data to a centralized SQL server from the existing diversified data sources.
Cleansed master data using DQS cleansing component, fuzzy lookup, and lookup transformations in SSIS packages.
Worked on Upgrading the Data from SQL Server 2012 and SQL Server 2014 on to SQL Server 2016.
Developed complex mappings utilizing SSIS to transform and load the data from various source systems such as SQL Server2014, Oracle, Excel and Flat files into the SQL 2016 Server target staging database.
Developed the SQL Query for the Exports and Imports.
Created Databases, Tables, Stored Procedure, Triggers, Views, Functions, Cursors, Indexes, Derived Tables and Common Table Expressions (CTEs) using Confidential -SQL programming to facilitate efficient data manipulation and data consistency.
Involved in T-SQL Troubleshooting, and Performance Tuning.
Created the SQL Jobs, Monitoring the Failed SQL Jobs.
Experience in development of Dashboards using Pie, Bar, Funnel Charts, Maps, Table visualizations and setting up KPI’s to meet the goals of the organizations.
Formatting report layout, sub reports, using Global Variables, Expressions, functions, sorting the data, defining data source and subtotals for the reports using SSRS.
Wrote Advanced Calculations using DAX and Power query to meet the requirements of the dashboards in Power BI. Developed various reports and Dashboards of operational and research data of the organization using Tableau and Power BI.
Configured Jira and Azure to improve data integration and reporting capabilities.
Created End-to-end data pipelines to extract, convert, and load data from a variety of sources into data warehouses and analytical tools. Worked Data ingestion mechanisms were implemented to acquire data from structured and unstructured sources such as databases and APIs.
Have experience in creation on Data transformation workflows using ETL tools such as Talend to ensure data quality and consistency. Collaborated with cross-functional teams to translate business needs into effective data pipeline designs.
Performance tuning and optimization were carried out to improve data pipeline efficiency and reduce processing time.
Have assisted team in Error management and data validation techniques were implemented to ensure data integrity throughout the data pipeline.
Developed dynamic row level security with SSAS Tabular Editor to restrict data access for various users. Created Parameterized SSRS and Power Bi Reports and PowerPivot Workbooks using data of Tabular Editor and Cube data model to prove the functionality of database.
Experience in Performance Tuning of reports within Power BI Desktop, On Premise Power BI Server, Power BI Service.
Developed Tabular, Matrix, drill down and parametrized reports with SSRS for Pricing and Forecasting Daily, monthly and quarterly reporting needs.
Experience in writing parameterized queries for generating stylish tabular reports Drill down, Drill Trough, Cascading, click through, matrix chart, snapshot reports.
Created the Data Driven Subscriptions for the reports.
Created complex Data sets in SSRS, Comparison reports between two different servers.
Performed the Unit Testing in the CERT environments.
Created the Different Kinds of SSRS Reports Like Tabular Reports, Matrix Reports Drill Down Reports, Drill Trough Reports.
Involved in Production Deployment and providing the support for the solutions.
Environment: MS SQL Server 2017/2016,MS SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), MS SQL Server, Unix Shell script, Microsoft Azure, MS Excel, SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Power BI, JIRA, Web Services/API’s MS Visual Studio 2017,

USAA., Atlanta, GA July 2017 – Sep 2018
SQL BI Developer
Responsibilities:
Migrated data from various sources such as flat file, Excel to SQL Server databases using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS)
Expert in creating packages like extract, transform and load data to data warehouse by SSIS, from various sources such as flat files, OLEDB sources.
Created SSIS Reusable Packages to extract data from Multi formatted Flat files, Excel, XML files into UL Database and DB2 Billing Systems.
Created SSIS Packages for Incremental Loading and slowly changing dimensions.
Created logging, custom logging and error handling packages.
High Level Design of ETL DTS Package for integrating data from heterogeneous sources (Excel, CSV, Oracle, flat file, Text Format Data).
Creating, Modifying SSAS Measures, Dimensions Attribute relationships and Hierarchies.
Designed SSAS Cubes, Named Calculations for Dimensions.
Dimension and Fact table design and cubes for KPI, Defining hierarchies and rollups.
Identified Dimensions and Facts, Used MDX to extract data from cubes and Created MDX script for representing Cube Calculation.
Created SSRS reports using Report Parameters, Drop-Down Parameters, Multi-Valued Parameters Debugging Parameter Issues Matrix Reports and Charts.
Implemented Event Handlers and Error Handling in SSIS packages.
Provided organizational reporting and timely reports utilizing SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services)
Developed complex Stored Procedures and Views to generate various Drill-through reports, Parameterized Reports and Linked Reports using SSRS.
Involved in Dimensional modelling by identifying the fact and dimension tables based on the user & reporting requirements.
Used different T-SQL queries such as views, triggers, user defined functions, stored procedures to retrieve data from various tables, load data.

Environment: MS SQL Server 2017/2016/2014/2012, MS SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS), MS SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), MS SQL Server, Tableau, Power BI, Unix Shell script, Microsoft Azure, MS Visual Studio 2010, MS Excel, SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), T-SQL, Autosys.

Genpact.,
Contact this candidate