Divya Gandala
Power BI Developer
ad21ae@r.postjobfree.com
+1-248-***-****
https://www.linkedin.com/in/divyag0925/

Professional Summary

Demonstrated over 6 years of expertise, encompassing roles as an Admin, Analyst, Developer, and Designer, with a focus on implementing Power BI solutions with end-to-end development.
Proficiently designed and deployed business intelligence solutions using the Microsoft Technology stack, including Power BI Desktop, Power BI Services, Power BI Premium, SQL, SQL Server, DAX, GIT BASH, and Azure DevOps REPO.
Skilled in creating measures, calculating columns, and performing time series analysis using DAX in Power BI. Formulated DAX expressions for date-related columns and implemented partitions in Tabular Models.
Translated logical models and business concepts into physical database designs, specializing in designing the Fact and Dimensional Tables and establishing relationships between tables with a focus on foreign and primary keys.
Utilized SQL as a data source, importing and transforming data in Power BI Desktop using Power Query Editor for tasks such as performing data conversions and cleansing.
Proficient in database development with Microsoft SQL Server in OLTP/OLAP environments, leveraging SSIS for ETL processes and ensuring optimal data solutions.
Extensive experience in using T-SQL for data analysis and data wrangling, including the creation of stored procedures, triggers, functions, and views across MS SQL Server databases.
Designed Power BI visuals, creating user-friendly solutions with buttons, bookmarks, slicers, and selections for efficient data exploration.
Implemented Role-Level Security (RLS) in Power BI, ensuring secure and controlled access to reports based on user requirements.
Developed and published Power BI reports to Power BI Services, working with Power BI workspaces, deployment pipelines, and live connections.
Implemented Data Gateway Connections, and live connections. Defined Deployment rules for seamless deployment and changes in the database after deployment.
Worked on automation of refreshing the datasets using Refresh Schedule, and Sensitivity labels, and Updating the App.
Contributed to production support, providing training to end-users on Power BI app features, and documenting step-by-step procedures for app usage.
Managed source control using GIT and Azure DevOps for versioning and collaborative development.
Extensive experience in Tableau report development, testing, and deployment, including server administration tasks.
Actively participated in agile methodologies, ensuring adaptability and responsiveness to evolving project requirements.
Worked on Dashboards for various report types, such as Yearly, Quarterly, Monthly, and daily, delivering diverse reports in domains like Insurance, Reinsurance, Finance Corporate, and A & H.
Implemented Extract, Transform, Load (ETL) processes using Power BI ensuring smooth data migration and integration.
Contributed to the design and development of ETL technical specifications, testing, monitoring, troubleshooting, and tuning query performance.
Extensive involvement in MDX Cubes and Dimensions in SSAS, implementing complex query techniques, aggregations, and calculated members.
Administered Salesforce CRM application, configured workflows for lead routing, escalation, and email alerts, and designed and developed Project Scope Documents.
Demonstrated proficiency in SFDC integration, Apex programming, and Salesforce Service Cloud, providing continuing support in configuration, administration, reporting, data migration, and solution design.

Education Details

Master Of Technology {M. Tech} JNT University {India} 2015
Bachelor Of Technology {B. Tech} GNITS {India} 2011

Certifications

Salesforce Certified Administrator

Technical Skills

Business Intelligence Tools
Power BI Desktop, Power BI Services, Power BI Premium, Tableau
Data Manipulation and Analysis
SQL, DAX, Power Query, R
Database Technologies
SQL Server, MySQL
ETL Tools
SSIS
Cloud Platforms
Azure
Version Control
Git, Azure DevOps
Data Visualization
Power BI, Tableau,
Programming Languages
SQL, R, GIT Bash
Data Warehousing
Snowflake Schema
Operating Systems
Unix, Linux, Windows
Salesforce
Salesforce.com platform, Agile, CRM, Apex Programming, Service Cloud

Professional Experience

Power BI Developer FM Global, RI (Remote) Jan 22 – Dec 2023
Responsibilities:

Worked on designing the Fact and Dimensional Tables.
Developed and deployed SSIS packages for ETL from OLTP and various sources to staging and staging to Data warehouse using Lookup, Fuzzy Lookup, Derived Columns, Condition Split, Term, Slowly Changing Dimension, and more. Performed ETL mappings using MS SQL Server Integration Services.
Using SQL as a data source, performed data transformations using Power Query Editor.
Calculated several complicated columns and measures using DAX formulas.
Designed Power BI Reports with features like Bookmarks, Personalization, Analyze in Excel, etc.
Creating Yearly, Quarterly, and Monthly International Finance Reinsurance Reports for 6 countries.
Worked on Workspaces Deployment Pipelines and App design.
Implement live connections, Gateway Connections, and defined Deployment rules.
Production Support, Documentation, and Training end users on how to use special features on the Power BI App.
Source control by GIT and Azure DevOps.
Worked on Dashboards and Paginated Reports.
Conducted extensive Data Analysis, matching the data with existing Reports.
Good Experience in Tableau report developing, testing, and deploying reporting solutions and scheduling the reports using Tableau Server.
Environment: Power BI Services, Power BI Premium, SQL, SQL Server, DAX, GIT BASH, Azure DevOps REPO, DAX query, Power Query, SQL, Tabular, SSIS, MySQL, SQL Server, Microsoft SQL, OLTP/OLAP, PL/SQL, GIT, Azure DevOps, Tableau 10.x/9.x/8.x.

Senior BI Developer Pragmatic-IT, CT (Remote) Mar 21 – Dec 21
Responsibilities:

Utilized SQL and SharePoint as data sources imported data to Power BI Desktop and performed Data conversions and Data cleansing in Power Query like using Append Query, Merge Query, Table Extend, removing null, and replacing with space, etc.
Performed Query Folding using Power Query to filter data in the data source server.
Developed database triggers and stored procedures using T-SQL cursors and tables.
Creating relationships as per the requirement in the Data Model and using standard visuals like Bar Charts, Pie charts, donuts, Scatter charts, Waterfall Chart Slicers, Cards, multi-cards, Tables, Matrix, etc., created interactive reports in Power BI.
Develop Power BI reports & Effective dashboards after gathering and translating end-user requirements.
Created Buttons for resetting and added Bookmarks, Selection Pane, and updated.
Implemented RLS as per the requirement and shared report access to the users accordingly.
Publishing Reports, Installing Power BI gateways, and Schedule Refresh of the Power BI reports.
Created Forecast reports for feature analysis.
Created packages to validate, extract, transform, and load data to a centralized SQL server using SSIS/ETL.
Tuning query performance and ETL (extract, transform, and load) to troubleshoot issues.
Extracted the data using SSIS from OLTP to OLAP.
Building, and publishing customized interactive reports and dashboards, report scheduling using Tableau server.
Environment: Append Query, Merge Query, Table Extend, T-SQL, DAX, Power BI, RLS, ETL, tools DTS, SSIS (2005 / 2008), SQL, Data Analysis, Data Migration, Data Validation, Data Cleansing, Data Verification, Power BI, MicroStrategy, OLTP, OLAP.

BI Developer Boston Scientific, MN (Remote) Jan 20 – Aug 20
Responsibilities:

Used various sources to pull data into Power BI such as MS SQL Server, Excel, and CSV.
Used DTS/SSIS and T-SQL stored procedures to transfer data from OLTP databases to the staging area and finally transfer into data marts and performed action in XML.
Developing, designing, tuning, and maintaining SSIS packages to perform the ETL process.
Scheduled jobs for executing the stored SSIS package which was developed to update the database daily using SQL Server Agent.
Implemented RLS by creating roles in Manage Roles and assigned roles to users on Power BI Service as per the requirements.
Develop Power BI reports & Effective dashboards after gathering and translating end-user requirements.
Wrote calculated Columns, and Measures queries in the Power BI desktop to show good data analysis and techniques
Worked and delivered all types of Reports/Dashboards such as Insurance, Reinsurance, Finance Corporate, and A & H.
Creating and Modifying Tables, Stored Procedures, Views, Indexes, User-defined Functions, and Triggers as required
Created Reports using Charts like pie charts, Donuts, Bar charts, Word clouds, MultiRow cards, maps, Heart maps, Tables, Matrix, Scatter charts, Line charts, Slicers, etc.
Created Parameterized Report, Dashboard Report, Linked report, and Sub Report by Year, Quarter, Month, and Week
Created drill-down reports, Drill Through Reports by Region.
Designed and developed various analytical reports from multiple data sources by blending data on a single worksheet in Tableau Desktop.
Environment: Power BI POC, DAX, Power Pivot, MS SQL Server, Excel, CSV, T-SQL, SSRS, T-SQL, scripts, DTS/SSIS, OLTP, XML, ETL, RLS, Insurance, Re-Insurance, Finance Corporate, A & H, Tables, Stored Procedures, Views, Indexes, User-defined Functions, Triggers, Tableau, Dual Axis, Box Plots, Bullet Graphs, Treemaps, Bubble Charts, Water Fall charts, funnel charts.

BI Developer USG, IL (Hybrid) Apr 16 – Mar 18
Responsibilities:

Created High-fidelity screens by working closely with the UI/UX Team to incorporate the solution's requested functionalities and client requirements.
Using SQL and SharePoint as data sources imported data to Power BI Desktop and performed Data conversions and Data cleansing in Power Query like using Append Query, Merge Query, Table Extend, remove null and replace with space, etc.
Performed transformations like Pivoting, Unpivoting, and Splitting of the columns using Power Query.
Performed Query Folding using Power Query to filter data in the data source server.
Designed SSIS packages to bring data from existing OLTP databases to the new data warehouse by performing different kinds of transformations like lookup transformations, merge joins, data conversion, derived columns, conditional split, and data conversion with multiple data flow tasks.
Worked with different Control flow tasks in creating SSIS packages, especially For Loop and For Each Loop containers with Execute SQL/Package, script tasks, send mail, and file system.
Scheduled jobs for executing the stored SSIS package which was developed to update the database daily using SQL Server Agent.
Calculation of complicated DAX using different functions to achieve requirements.
Developed Power BI reports using the latest features including bookmarks, drill-down, drill-through, and use of a selection pane to hide visuals based on conditions to implement the business requirement.
Created sophisticated calculated members using MDX queries, designed and created aggregations to speed up queries and improve performance in SSAS.
Used MDX to define KPIs, and calculated members in the cubes.
Environment: UI/UX, Data Model, DAX, Power BI, ETL, XML, .csv, .txt, SQL, SSIS/ETL, flows, Entity level, Attribute level, MDX, SSAS, KPIs.

Salesforce BA/Admin UNISYS, India (On-site) Mar 15 – Sep 15
Responsibilities:

Updated Business Requirement Documents and Conducted GAP analysis.
Created the workflows for automated lead routing, lead escalation, and email alerts.
Designed and developed Project Scope Documents, Project Plans, Project analysis, and Project Deliverables, Business Requirements Documents.
Involved in gathering customer requirements from business user teams spread over the Sales, Marketing, and Customer service.
Set up Marketing Campaigns, Campaign Hierarchies, Lead Queries, Assignment rules, Web-to-Lead and Auto-Response rules
Developed field & page layout customization for the standard objects like Account, Contact, and Leads.
Defined functional and non-functional requirements to Use Case narrative using the UML diagrams.
Worked on various salesforce.com standard objects like Accounts, Contacts, Leads, Opportunities, Reports and Dashboards.
Designed, and developed the Custom objects, Record Types, Formula fields, Page layouts, workflow rules, tasks, emails, and alerts to track customer-related tasks and activities.
Used field-level security along with page layout to manage the visibility and accessibility of fields for different profiles.
Deliver continuing support in the areas of SFDC configuration, administration, reporting, data migration, solution design, and project coordination.
Used Data Loader to read, extract, and load data from comma-separated values (CSV) files or a database connection.
Environment: Salesforce.com platform (Apex, Visual Force, Data Loader, Workflow and Approvals, Quotes, Sharing Rules, Email Templates, Reports, Dashboards, Custom Objects, Custom Tabs, Excel enabler for Salesforce, Agile, MS Project, MS Excel, PowerPoint, MS Visio, Lotus Notes, MS Outlook.
Contact this candidate