Around ** years of extensive hands-on experience in Business Intelligence (BI), Data Analysis, ETL, Data warehouse development, and Data Modeling.
Experience in efficiently using standard Business Content, extending, and enhancing according to the report requirements.
Good understanding of business environment, excellent communication skill and ability to work proactively in a fast paced environment.
Communicate effectively with colleagues and business users.
Expertise in designing and creating various analytical reports and Dashboards to help users to identify critical KPIs and facilitate strategic planning in the organization.
Involved in Full Life Cycle Development of Data Warehousing, Project planning, Business Requirement Analysis, Data Analysis, Logical Data Modeling, setting up Physical Schema, Data Lakes, Data Marts, OLAP, Reporting and Security.
Effective team player with strong communication and interpersonal skills, possessing strong ability to adapt and learn new technologies and new business lines promptly. Good multitasking capability, efficiently plan and prioritize projects with strong technical and business management skills.
Facilitated team meetings & collaborations among providers and internal teams to ensure proper understanding and clarification of special projects
Strong understanding of Data Analysis project life cycle and experience in developing a variety of dashboards solutions for business requirements and data visualizations using Tableau, Power BI and SQL.
Proficient in data visualization, Reporting, Analysis, Pie Charts, Bar Charts, Box Plot, Scatter Plots, Geographic Map, Dual Axis Charts and other making use of Actions, other local and global filters according to the end user requirement.
Involved in reviewing business requirements and analyzing data sources from Excel, Oracle, SAS, Teradata, SQL Server for design, development, testing, and production rollover of reporting and analysis projects within Tableau Desktop.
Actively involved in testing new/upgraded features like new Visualizations, Forecasting, Data Blending, Parallelized Dashboard, Hyperlink Objects, Color-coded tabs etc.
Translated engagement objectives to a project plan with milestones, and resource/technology requirements, and teach, lead, and manage projects to successful execution for clients resulting in $1.5M growth

Technical Skills

Business Intelligence: Tableau, Power BI, Alteryx, Google Big Query (SSIS, SSAS, SSRS)
ETL Tools: Power Query, SSIS, Azure Data Factory, Informatica (familiar)
Tools: SQL Server Management Studio, Oracle SQL Developer, Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS), Toad, Erwin, MS Visio, Visual Studio, Web Services, MS Office, SharePoint,
Databases: MS SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL, DB2
Languages: C, C++, SQL, T-SQL, Python
Cloud: Azure, AWS
Project Methodologies: SDLC, Waterfall

Employment History

Sr. SQL/BI Developer Feb 2023 to till date
Western Digital, Remote, USA

Roles and Responsibilities:
Involved in complete Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) process by analyzing business requirements and understanding the functional work flow of information from source systems to destination systems.
Designed and developed SSIS Packages to import and export data from MS Excel, SQL Server 2005 and Flat files.
Involved in complete SSIS life cycle in creating SSIS packages, building, deploying and executing the packages in both the environments (Development and Production).
Used various Transformations in SSIS Dataflow, Control Flow using for loop Containers and Fuzzy Lookups etc.
Involved in ETL architecture enhancements to increase the performance using query optimizer.
Implemented Event Handlers and Error Handling in SSIS packages.
Created SSIS packages for Data Conversion using data conversion transformation.
Configured the loading of data into slowly changing dimensions using Slowly Changing Dimension wizard.
Advanced extensible reporting skills using SQL Server 2008 Reporting Services (SSRS).
Designed and created Report templates, bar graphs and pie charts based on the financial data.
Developed various types of complex reports like Drill Down, Drill through, Cross tab reports.
Involved in scheduling, creating snapshots and subscriptions for the reports using SSRS 2008.
Involved in designing Parameterized Reports for generating Ad-Hoc reports as per the client requirements.
Coordinated with front-end for implementing logic in stored procedures and functions.
Experienced in writing complex SQL Queries, Stored Procedures, Triggers, Views, Cursors, Joins, Constraints, DDL, DML and User Defined Functions to implement the business logic and also created clustered and non-clustered indexes.
Involved in Normalization and De-Normalization of existing tables for faster query retrieval.
Involved in upgrading from SQL Server 2005 to SQL Server 2008.
Advised optimization of queries by looking at Execution Plan for better tuning of the database.
Designed and Published BI Visualizations and Dashboards by using Power BI to various Business Teams for Business use and Decision making. Used DAX Queries to create calculated Measures and Calculated Columns


Senior SQL/BI Developer July 2017 – October 2022
Hudl, India

Hudl is a pioneer in performance analyst’s technology, now helping more than 200k Teams in 40+ global sports prepare for and stay ahead of the competition. Every product, feature and tool is designed with one purpose in mind: to ensure coaches and athletes make every moment count. For Hudl. I have collected, organized, manipulated, and analyzed a wide variety of data. Identified, designed & developed various reports/dashboards in Tableau. Used advanced analytics and visual design to take BI reports to the next level. To track KPIs, compare performance across markets, analyze category profitability, and identify high-value customers.

Roles and Responsibilities:
Led 10 vertical team leads and approximately 250 sports analytics experts, coordinating day-to-day task assignments, progress tracking, escalation management and performance reviews.
Worked on the firm’s proprietary sports’ analytics products for coaches and athletes to review game footage and provide potential solutions for improved, well-coordinated and efficient game play.
Performed intensive analysis on numerous games, matches and athletic events such as Basketball, Soccer, Volleyball, American Football, Ice Hockey and Lacrosse.
Analyzing un-organized complete data extract contents to fetch key contents by engaging business and converting it to technical requirements
Working on report building, security implementations, report publishing and maintaining the dashboards on Tableau server.
Involved in implementation, maintenance and testing phases of Admin Queue while also coordinating with other teams for planning, analysis and design for timely delivery for all our customers.
Ensured day-to-day operational goals were achieved by prioritizing assignments, problem solving and directing the workforce in an ever-changing environment.
Gathering the requirements from the Business users and understanding the functionality & business rules.
Conducted qualitative analyses on available metrics and generated insightful yet user friendly Tableau dashboards using a wide range of visualizations.
Proficient in data visualization, Reporting, Analysis, Pie Charts, Bar Charts, Box Plot, Scatter Plots, Geographic Map, Dual Axis Charts and other making use of Actions, parameters, filter (local & global), various charts and calculated fields, attributes, hierarchies, Sets, Groups for preparing interactive dashboards, stories, and worksheets in tableau (Desktop/Online) according to the end user requirement.
Twisting the SQL queries for improving performances & finding the key areas of automation to make the business process smooth.
Analyze, design, and develop across diverse technologies including, SQL Server, Postgres, Oracle
Involvement in lead design and code reviews to follow existing standards and architecture guidelines.
Experience in customizing and improvising reports and charts as per the need of the hour.
Integrate predictive analytics assets.
Involved in reviewing business requirements and analyzing data sources from Google Big Query, Excel, SQL Server, MySQL for design, development, testing, and production rollover of reporting and analysis projects within Tableau Desktop.
Preparing functional design document, requirement document & technical design document for reports.
Following the tableau best practices to optimize and increase its performance.

SQL/BI Developer
S K Shetty & Co June 2016 – July 2017

Designed different dashboards to analyze the data related to makes and models, customers, sales and service. The dashboards are, Corp to Dealer, customers by geo, Sales and service revenue dashboard, service response/repair order, Sales & Service advisor performance dashboard.

Roles and Responsibilities:

Designing solutions/Outcomes based on data analysis and relations
Understanding the requirements (functional /non-functional) by going through the specifications and inputs from business analyst and participate in creating high level estimates
Worked directly with cross-functional internal and external teams creating and delivering online and automated client database
Ensured positive client experience by proactively managing and growing client relationships
Manage creative executions of collateral materials to aid in clear concise training of products to staff and clients while maintaining brand integrity
Gathering the requirements from the Business users and understanding the functionality & business rules.
Preparing functional design document, requirement document & technical design document for reports.
Developing data models to create reports and dashboards using Tableau.
Developing worksheets using parameters, calculated fields, groups, sets and hierarchies.
Developing worksheets with different styles like bar, pie, tree map, dual axis, filled maps.
Implementing the reports with best practices to improve the report performance.
Creating rich dashboards using Tableau Dashboard and applying actionable insights.
Implementing user level security to restrict the data by group level and user level.
Publishing dashboards to tableau server and managing the security for users.
Preparing deployment documents and involving in production deployments

Software Engineer
Infosys Ltd July 2014 – April 2016

Engaged in all phases of the software development lifecycle which include gathering and analyzing user/business system requirements, responding to outages and creating application system models. Participate in design meetings and consult with clients to refine, test and debug programs to meet business needs and interact and sometimes direct third party partners in the achievement of business and technology initiatives.

Roles and Responsibilities:

●Designed and implemented a real time data pipeline to process semi structured data by integrating 150 million raw records from 30+data sources using SQL.
●Improved production databases up-time by 3% to 99.8% while ingesting streaming and transactional data by automating ETL processes across production data sources.
●Developed Workflows using python for front end automation reducing manual efforts by 30% in Testing and Operations tasks.
●Scripted complex SQL queries in Oracle and MS SQL Server databases to solve customer issues related to billing and performed tuning of existing SQL queries as part of the billing process
●Responsible for coding and documenting quality code using best practices, such as unit test integration.
●Performing Admin Activities (MQ, EAI, Credit Control, Provisioning)
●Application Development & Support
●Create the users for access the data and Start and stop the servers during outage time.

Technical Workshops

●Attended 6-month Infosys Campus Training covering following modules: JAVA
RDBMS (MySQL)
Software Engineering and Introduction to UI Concepts and Web Technologies Database Administration
●IEEE Robotics Workshop (Landbot and Aquabot), 2010.

Achievements/Activities

●Participated and completed in Infosys Marathon, Pune DC
●Managed cultural events for Engineering college cultural festival RHYTHM ‘11
●Managed various cultural events for my NPS team in Infosys in 2014
●Participated in engineering college Marathon with theme “Save the girl child’

Education

●Bachelor of Engineering (Electronics and Telecommunications) - Mumbai University, India
Contact this candidate