DEEPAK KOGANTI
BI DEVELOPER/ DATA ANALYST / BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE
Email: ad2673@r.postjobfree.com
Ph: 469-***-****

Professional Summary:

Over 8+ years of professional experience in Software Design, Database design, Business Analysis, Data Analysis, Data Visualization, Data Governance, and Business Intelligence.
Data Enthusiast with broad experience in IT and Data Technology oriented solutions with extensive knowledge of Cleansing, Preparation and Data Modelling.
Adept at collecting, analyzing and interpreting large datasets to create visual insights and predictive models to meet the task requirements with creative problem solving and communication skills.
Experience in communicating with stakeholders, Subject Matter Experts (SMEs), and end - users to understand the requirements, visualize and validate.
Experience in understanding of Microsoft development suite SQL Server Integration Services(SSIS) and SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS), as well as familiarity with standard data extract, cleansing, integration, and aggregation techniques and best practices.
Managing relationship between tables in Power BI using star schema.
Responsible for building reports in Power BI from the Scratch and responsible for creating and changing the visualizations in Power BI reports and Dashboards on client requests.
Proficiency in different visualization in the reports using custom visuals like Bar Charts, Pie Charts, Line Charts, Cards, Slicers, Maps etc. Also, using different transformation inside Power Edit Query into clean-up the data.
Hands-on experience in utilizing DAX functions which includes Aggregation, Counting, Logical, Information, Text and Date functions, Table Functions and Time Intelligence Functions.
Hands on experience in designing and deploying rich graphic visualizations with Drill Down and Dropdown menu option and Parameterized dashboards using Power BI.
Experience in creating Filters, quick filters, table calculations, calculated measures and parameters in Power BI.
Working with table and matrix visuals, worked with different level of filters like report level, visual level filters, page level filters.
Extensively used RDBMS like Oracle and SQL Server for developing different applications.
Expertise in Microsoft Integration Services like SSIS (Control Flow tasks, Data Flow tasks, Transformations, Database administration tasks).
Extensive experience in creating complex SSIS packages, creating jobs, Alerts and schedule SSIS Packages using SQL Agent, migrating the data from legacy system to SQL using SSIS.
Experience in creating and managing workspaces in Power BI Admin Portal and assigning RLS to users.
Experience in developing Power BI reports and dashboards from multiple data sources using data blending.
Created stored procedures for generating reports using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Crystal Reports.
Designed and developed OLAP Cubes with star schema and Dimensions using SSAS.
Querying and manipulating multidimensional cube data through MDX Scripting.
Expertise in performance tuning of Power BI reports by following best practices in source data like data blending, custom SQL, Data Modelling, Power Query etc.
Experienced and fully engaged in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) like Agile and Waterfall which includes gathering and analyzing business requirements, functional/technical specifications, designing, developing, testing, deploying the applications and providing production support.
Experienced in creating and implementing visual KPI reporting tool for forward operations team leading to increased awareness of metrics.
Strong skills in Data Cleaning, Data Processing, Data Extraction & Visualization with large datasets of structured and unstructured data and Advanced Statistical Modelling, Correlation, Multivariate Analysis and ETL methodologies using SQL for validating and retrieving data.
Created Static and Dynamic Row-Level-Security in Power BI desktop and assigned roles to users via service.
Use various transformations such as an Aggregator, Sorter, Filter, Normalizer, SQL Transformation, Lookup, Joiner to design ETL mappings to ensure optimized queries in ETL process.
Used SSRS to create reports, customized Reports, on-demand reports, ad-hoc reports and involved in analyzing multi-dimensional reports in SSRS.
Extensively used performance monitor/SQL pro to solve dead locks/long running queries.
Experienced in generating underlying data for the reports and to export cleaned data from an Excel Spreadsheet, Flat file, and CSV files to the data warehouse.
Extracted data from data warehouse server by developing complex SQL statements using stored- procedures and common table expressions (CTEs) to support report building.
Working with table and matrix visuals, worked with different level of filters like report level, visual level filters, page level filters.
Generating context filters and data source filters while managing large volume of data using Power BI.
A polished communicator, with good analytical and inter-personnel skills and versatile team player.
Technical Skills:

Reporting Tools
Power BI Desktop, SAP Business Objects, Power BI Service, Power BI
Gateway, Power BI Report Server, Tableau Desktop, Tableau Server,
SQL server reporting services (SSRS), SQL Server Analysis
Services (SSAS).
Databases
MS SQL, Oracle EBS, Oracle SQL, SSIS, SSRS, SSMS, Visual Studio, Performance Monitor, Mongo DB
Workflow Tools
MS-Project, MS-VISIO, MS-Excel, MS-Word, MS–PowerPoint
Visualization Tools
Power BI, Tableau Desktop, Alteryx, Qlik-view, Google Data Studio
Cloud Technologies
Azure and Power BI service
Scripting Languages
SQL, PL/SQL, T-SQL, Python
Methodologies
Software Development Life Cycle, Agile, Waterfall, Data Modeling, MS Project

Professional Experience:
Client: NXP semiconductors, Austin, Tx November 2021 – till date
Role: BI developer
Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) using Agile Methodology and followed Scrum sessions.
Participated in the daily standup with business teams to resolve the business issues and Data challenges.
Hands-on experience in the design, development of end user applications for the data presentation and analytics, including scorecards, dashboards, reports, monitors, and graphic presentation (Information Visualization &Analysis) using POWER BI.
Experience using formula languages such as Data Analysis Expressions (DAX).
Create reports in Power BI Desktop and Service utilizing the connectors and content pack.
Expertise in creating reports from importing, Direct Query and Live data from several data sources.
Imported data to Power BI from multiple sources like SQL server, MySQL, Oracle, Excel, CSV, JSON, XML, Web URL, Azure SQL Database and Azure Analysis Services Database by using different storage modes in Power BI.
Expertise in data transformations such as adding calculated columns, manage relationships, create different measures, remove rows, replace values, split column, Date & Time Column, etc.
Data Mapping, logical data modelling, created class diagrams and ER diagrams and used SQL queries to filter data within the SQL database.
Created different reports in Power BI Desktop and publish to Power BI online.
Skilled at querying relational databases (SQL) and ability to pull data from various sources.
Imported data from different data source to create Power BI reports and dashboards.
Utilized Power BI (Power View) to create various analytics dashboards that depicts critical KPI along with slicers and dicers enabling end -user make filters.
Created reports like Drill-Down, Drill-Through, Chart, Sub Reports Bar charts, Line charts, Pie charts, etc.
Working extensively building Power BI Dashboards with quick insights into KPIs and Advance analysis actions, Calculations, Parameters, Maps and Scatter plots, heat maps, setting alerts.
Data cleaning of Flatfiles, Google Analytics and SharePoint data in Python using Pandas and Numpy libraries and exporting into database.
Collected the Plants Data in Excel sheets from different Regions around the World and combined them in Power BI to know the Loss and Pro the of the Product.
Performed ETL on multiple platforms such as SAP and Teradata, familiarized with Legacy, SAP and other backend environments to pull the data to Data Wearhouse
Used BOXI (Business Objects) for creating reports for Legacy Systems.
Mapped the data in different systems and Documented them, IBM Lotus Notes is mostly used for mapping the Legacy Systems and Customer Feedback Resolution.
Performed Queries, maintained and extracted Data from Teradata, cleaning and maintaining the Production Environment in Teradata for the performance.
Environment: Microsoft Power BI, SQL Server, Excel, MS Visual Studio, Teradata, Business Objects, SAP, Microsoft Office Suite (Word, PowerPoint, Excel)

Client: McKesson, Dallas, Tx July 2018 – Oct 2021
Role: BI Developer
Participated in daily scrum meeting with team to discuss the challenges and development of the project.
Involved in requirement gathering from business users and IT teams to understand and express business process and business logic.
Extracted data for reporting from multiple data sources like SQL Server, SQL Server Analysis, Service, Azure SQL Database, Azure SQL Data Warehouse, Salesforce, etc.
Extracted data from data warehouse server by developing complex SQL statements using stored- procedures and common table expressions (CTEs) to support report building.
Created PowerPivot models and PowerPivot reports, publish reports onto SharePoint, and deploy models into SQL Server SSAS instance.
Assisted in creating SQL database maintenance logs and presenting any issues to the database architects.
Worked on Power BI reports using multiple types of visualizations including line charts, doughnut charts, tables, matrix, KPI, scatter plots, box plots, etc.
Created SSIS packages for ETL processes by using controlflow and dataflow components, Maintained and tuned performance for slowly running SSIS packages
Implemented report integration among Power BI, Tableau, SSRS and Python reports
Utilized Power BI features like data blending, filters, actions, and hierarchies effectively.
Applied hands-on expertise in SQL reporting, development, analytics, and BI.
Developed complex reports including Drill Down and Cross Tabbed in MS Reporting Services.
Developed and maintained Power BI dashboards, reports, and content packs.
Configured an on-premises Power BI gateway to enable dataset refreshes in reports and dashboards, and published dashboards and reports on Power BI Services for end-user accessible.
Utilized various data sources (SQL Server, Excel, Cloud, SQL Azure) for data extraction in Power BI.
Created SQL objects (Tables, Views), implemented joins, and defined roles for access control.
Wrote standard and complex T-SQL queries for data and graph validation.
Created Stored Procedures, Functions, SQL joins and T-SQL Queries to implement business rules and created data sets required for Power BI reports. Also used Azure data cubes data to import data to Power BI.
Developed graphical dashboards and implemented row-level security in Power BI.
Applied various DAX functions for date, time, filter, logical, statistical, and text operations.
Utilized Power BI Power Pivot for data analysis prototypes and visualizations.
For increased productivity, migrated Excel reports to Power BI and designed, published, and showcased reports and dashboards in Power BI Desktop and Web.
Developed DAX expressions for creating custom measures and calculations based on business requirements.
Implemented various transformations available in Power BI Query Editor.
Proficient in Data Cleansing using Power Query within Power BI Desktop Editor.
Utilized Power BI Power Pivot for data analysis prototypes and visualizations.
Handled Power BI desktop installation, version upgrades, and patches in client computers.
Managed users, roles, and privileges for security in Power BI.
Configured security, organizational content packs, data gateways, and refresh schedules in Power BI service.
Environment: Power BI Desktop, Power BI Service, Power BI Data Gateway, DAX, T-SQL, SQL Profiler, MS Excel, Windows 10, MS SQL Server 2018, SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Azure, Windows 2018 R2 Server, Scrum/Agile

Cognizant Technological Solutions, Chennai, IN
Role: Associate Nov 2016 – May 2018
Worked on requirements gathering from the clients and estimation of efforts including analysis of existing system and analysis of data.
Created Visualizations using Slicers, Lines, Pies, Histograms, Maps, Scatter, etc.
Designed our own filter panel stack with button to filter down the pages in the Reports.
Expertise in Data Modeling in Power BI designer using bi-directional and single directional filtering between fact and dimension tables.
Created Static and Dynamic Row-Level-Security in Power Bi desktop and assigned roles to users via service.
Created and generated computed tables and columns using DAX Queries in Power BI.
Experience in creating KPI Score cards to see the latest numbers on the Dashboards.
Used Power BI, Power Pivot to develop data analysis prototype, and used Power View and Power Map to visualize reports.
Created Chameleon Interfaces and used embedded links in the PowerBI reports for the drill through capability.
Used multiple transformations provided by SSIS such as Data Conversion, Derived Column, Lookup, Conditional Split, Bulk Insert, Merge and union all, etc
Passing the filter and generating a URL Filter to export the Dashboard Details page.
Using Query Editor in Power BI performed certain operations like fetching data from different file.
Working with import and direct query, creating calculated columns and measures in Power BI.
Merge Queries and Append Queries, remove columns and split columns, choosing required columns in the data.
Published Power BI Reports in the required originations and Made Power BI Dashboards available in Web clients and mobile apps.
Embedded PowerBI reports in SharePoint Web by using single sign on access to the Sales Analysts.
Experience in implementing PowerApps visualizations in PowerBI Reports to use the Write Back Feature to change the Numbers in the Database.
Executed, Enhanced Data compare and Data Validation for testing purposes and to maintain data integrity and store only relevant data per Business requirements.
Written Use-Cases for testing as per the requirements and demonstrated the UI to the end users.
Installed Snowflake and Netezza connector to install ODBC driver and connected to Power BI Desktop to import data.
Used Common Data Model to support the Structural and semantic consistency across applications and deployments.
Explore data in a variety of ways and across multiple visualizations using Power BI.
Used Power BI Gateways to keep the dashboards and reports up to date.
Installed and Configured Enterprise Gateway and Personal Gateway in Power BI Services.
Created Metrics, Prompts, Filters, Custom Groups and Transformations for the report development.
Created ad-hoc reports in Grid & Graph mode consisting of data analysis by combining a template with filters using MicroStrategy desktop and web.
Extensively used report services to create dashboards to create summary level reports using multiple datasets.
Used several new controls for dashboards like time series slider, radio buttons and dropdown menus for the Flash version of the dashboards.
Knowledge in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) methodologies like Agile and Waterfall along with a thorough understanding of various phases like Requirements, Analysis, Design, Development and Testing.
Worked extensively with the compliance officer to finalize the dashboard layouts and also worked on fine detail formatting for a desired look and feel.
Created and published intelligent cubes leveraging reports to access cubes instead of warehouse to get faster results.
Enabled Dynamic Sourcing for projects to make use of Intelligent Cubes to achieve performance for reporting.

Environment: MicroStrategy,10.7 Desktop Reports, Web Intelligence Reports, OLAP Services, Architect, Administration, Dashboards, Power BI desktop, Power BI Report Server, PowerBI Service.

Coforge, Chennai, IN Aug 2015 – Nov 2016
Role: BI Developer
Developed SQL Server Stored procedures and DTS packages for efficient data extraction.
Created complex ETL Packages using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) for comprehensive data loading.
Worked on formatting SSRS reports, enhancing report models for ad-hoc reporting needs.
Developed ETL jobs in Talend, including performance tuning and migration tasks.
Utilized Pandas for effective data manipulation in both time series and tabular formats.
Configured Power BI Report Server for SSRS, creating and deploying paginated reports.
Installed and configured Power BI Gateways to ensure automatic refresh of dashboards and reports.
Worked on Key Performance Indicators (KPIs), star schema, and snowflake schema in SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS).
Implemented data marts, facts, dimensions, star schema, and OLAP cubes in SSAS for robust data analysis.
Designed and implemented complex SSIS packages for seamless data migration and analysis.
Improved performance through the implementation of Clustered and Non-Clustered Indexes.
Optimized T-SQL statements using tools like SQL Profiler and Query Analyzer in MS SQL Server.
Created rich Power BI visualizations and DAX queries to meet specific business requirements.
Installed and configured Power BI Gateways to ensure automatic refresh of dashboards and reports.
Worked on the design of Key Performance Indicators (KPIs), star schema, and snowflake schema in SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS).

Environment: SQL Server Enterprise Edition, Power BI Premium, Power BI Embedded, SSIS, SSRS, Tableau, MS Access, Visual Studio.
Contact this candidate