Arathi Muddam

LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/in/arathi-muddam-490638170

Mobile: +1-925-***-****
E-mail: ad2beu@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY

A customer oriented, multitask professional with excellent analytical and logical skills possesses experience as BI Consultant having around 6+ years of experience in BI.
In this career I used tools like PowerBI, SSAS, Excel, Advance Excel VBA, Tableau and Alteryx development.
Conducted meetings with business stakeholders, clients for requirement gatherings and presented various solutions using best practices.
Designed, developed, and tested various Power BI and Tableau visualizations for dashboard and ad-hoc
reporting solutions by connecting from different data sources and databases.
As a Power BI and Tableau SME responsible for the design, development and production support of interactive data visualizations used across the company.
Expertise in data preparation with experience in blending multiple data connections and creating multiple joins across same and various data sources.
Used and created various visualizations in reports like scatter plot, box plot, Sankey chart, bar graphs, Gantt chart, trend lines, waterfall charts, statistical models, heat maps, geo-maps allowing end users to utilize full functionality of the dashboard. strong Data Visualization design skills and analytic background by using POWER BI and Tableau desktop.
Created a complex dashboard using parameters, sets, groups and calculations and drill down and drill up in worksheets and customization using filters and actions.
Experience in reporting services, Power BI (Dashboard Reports), Crystal Reports, SSRS using MS SQL Server.
Generated ad-hoc reports in Excel Power Pivot and shared them using Power BI to the decision makers for strategic planning.
Designed Power BI data visualization utilizing cross tabs, maps, scatter plots, pie, bar and density charts.
Implemented Power BI Gateway different source to matching analysis criteria and further modeling for Power Pivot and Power View.

EDUCATION

Kakatiya University
Aug 2009 - May 2012
Bachelor of Commerce
Hyderabad, India

CERTIFICATIONS

Microsoft Certified: Power BI Data Analyst Associate

TECHNICAL SKILLS

●RDBMS/DBMS : MS SQL Server 2016/2014/2012, MS Azure SQL Cloud, MySQL, IBM DB2, Teradata, Oracle 11g/10g/9i/8i, and MS Access
●Database Technologies/Tools : SQL Server Enterprise Manager, Microsoft Management Console, SQL, T-SQL
●Reporting Tools: PowerBI, SQL Server Reporting Services, PowerBI, Excel.
●Operating Systems : Windows 7, Windows 10, Windows 11
●Programming Languages : T-SQL, DAX, PL/SQL
●Design Technologies/Tools : MS Visio
●Data Warehouse / BI Tools : SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), Visual Studio 2016/2013/2010, Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS) 2008

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Company : IT VISION 360 October 2021 to present.
Project Name : Axiphyl
Role : Data Analyst – BI Developer
Team Size : 5
Environment : Power BI, SSIS, SSRS, Sql server 2016 and Windows 10

Roles:
Understand Requirement, Analyzing Systems and Source Databases like Sql server and Flat files
Developed Power BI reports and dashboards from multiple data sources using data blending.
Worked on the project that involved development and implementation of a data warehouse.
Utilize SQL to extract, clean, and manipulate large datasets related to P&C insurance operations. Perform exploratory data analysis to identify trends, patterns, and outliers.
Created SSIS packages and involved in Package Configurations and deployments between Development and QA and Production servers so that various properties like variables, connection managers could be changed when moving the Package from one environment to another.
Involved in Code Review, Unit testing, logging, and Custom Logging in SSIS Packages, Query verification in SSIS and Stored Procedures.
Developed custom reports and deployed them on server using Power BI
Conducted system tests, troubleshoot customer issues and correct database defects.
Created, tested and implemented SQL backup strategy based on the business needs, utilizing the combination of full, differential and transactional log backup to ensure all necessary business data is properly backed up.
Provided back-end support for functional testing and performance testing. Developed scripts to migrate data from multiple sources to desired destination using ETL tools.
Involved in Technical discussions and decisions for Business requirements, Interaction with Business Analysts, Client team and Development team.
Involved in creation/review of functional requirement specifications and supporting documents for business systems, experience in database design process and data modeling process.
Designed and documented the entire Architecture of Power BI POC.
Expertise in writing complex DAX functions in Power BI and Power Pivot.
Extracted data from various sources like SQL Server 2014/2012/2008 R2, .CSV, Microsoft Excel and Text file from Client servers.
Experience in designing, developing, and delivering business intelligence solutions using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), and Reporting Services (SSRS)
Experience in Performance Tuning of SSIS packages by using Row Transformations, Block and Unblock Transformations.
Implementation and delivery of MSBI platform solutions to develop and deploy ETL, analytical, reporting and scorecard / dashboards on SQL Server 2008 using SSIS/DTS, SSRS.
Installed and configured Enterprise gateway and Personal gateway in Power bi service.
Created SSIS packages which involved a variety of transformations such as Slowly Changing Dimension, look up, Aggregate, Derived Column, Conditional Split, Multicast, Union All, Merge, Merge Join, and Data Conversion before loading the data into Data Warehouse.
Utilized Power BI (Power View) to create various analytical dashboards that depict critical KPI's such as legal case matter, billing hours and case proceedings along with slicer and dicer enabling end users to make filters.
Generated custom and parameterized reports using SSRS. Created various visualizations like waterfall, funnel, matrix visualization, scatter plots, combo charts, gauges, cards and KPI.
Analyzed the Data quality, Data validating, Data Mapping to migrate data to SQL Server database.
Analyzed business requirements and implemented data mart solutions for data mining and reporting.
Designed the data model based on star schema and created the tables and indexes and developed the scripts to load the data mart tables.
In-depth knowledge of the Property and Casualty insurance(P&C) sector to analyze insurance-related data. Understand underwriting processes, claims management, risk assessment, policy management, and other aspects of P&C insurance to provide valuable insights.
Worked on all types of transformations that are available in Power bi query editor.
Designed and created data extracts, supporting SSRS, POWER BI, Tableau or other visualization tools reporting applications.

Company : ABC BANK, India June 2015 to Aug 2018
Role : Power BI Developer
Team Size : 5
Environment : Power BI, SSIS, SSRS, DB2 and Windows

Description:

ABC Bank is one of the leading banks in the UK, providing loans on a daily basis which includes both personal and business loans including small scale to high scale businesses. They would like to come up with ways to increase their predictability of offering loans to personnel due to an increase in the trend of the number of defaulters during the last 2 years for that they are to store large amounts and different forms of data.

Roles:

Analysis of the specifications provided by the client and understanding the business.
Experience in designing, developing, and delivering business intelligence solutions using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), and Reporting Services (SSRS)
Experience in Performance Tuning of SSIS packages by using Row Transformations, Block and Unblock Transformations.
Implementation and delivery of MSBI platform solutions to develop and deploy ETL, analytical, reporting and scorecard / dashboards on SQL Server 2008 using SSIS/DTS, SSRS.
Installed and configured Enterprise gateway and Personal gateway in Power bi service.
Created SSIS packages which involved a variety of transformations such as Slowly Changing Dimension, look up, Aggregate, Derived Column, Conditional Split, Multicast, Union All, Merge, Merge Join, and Data Conversion before loading the data into Data Warehouse.
Utilized Power BI (Power View) to create various analytical dashboards that depict critical KPI's such as legal case matter, billing hours and case proceedings along with slicer and dicer enabling end users to make filters.
Generated custom and parameterized reports using SSRS. Created various visualizations like waterfall, funnel, matrix visualization, scatter plots, combo charts, gauges, cards and KPI.
Analyzed the Data quality, Data validating, Data Mapping to migrate data to SQL Server database.
Analyzed business requirements and implemented data mart solutions for data mining and reporting.
Designed the data model based on star schema and created the tables and indexes and developed the scripts to load the data mart tables.
Worked on all types of transformations that are available in Power bi query editor.
Designed and created data extracts, supporting SSRS, POWER BI, Tableau or other visualization tools reporting applications.
Developed Linked Tables, Concatenation and solved the loops issues.
Preparing various business reports using various charts like bar charts and pie charts etc.
Involved in Data modeling for Dashboard design.
Implemented Star schema & Snow flake schema
Participating and contributing in team meetings sharing new knowledge.
Communicate effectively with delivery groups.

Company :Health Axis USA, India May 2014 to Jan 2015
Role :Associate - Data Analyst
Team Size :6
Environment :SQL Server 2012 & SSIS.

Description:
An insurance product for Health Axis Inc USA committed to being the leading independent agency for Property/Casualty Insurance Group in the USA. The project aims at building web-based solutions. Developed Technology and MSBI for Home/Auto, Business, and Marine Insurance processing in U.S. Different Modules in the project are Client Application Entry and Registry, policy Enquiries, Endorsements and Disbursements. Policy Issuance, Cancellation/Reinstatement, FIR Claims, Reports, Cheque processing, Automated Letter Writing, Security Model, Communication, System Admin and Customer services.

Roles:
Understanding the Business Requirement Documents.
Created and manipulated many Packages.
Implemented ETL and Business logic with various tasks and Transformations.
Using multiple transformations including Fuzzy Lookup and Fuzzy Grouping in the Data cleansing Task.
Creating various Visualizations using a variety of charts such as Bar Charts, Stacked Bar Charts, Pie Charts, KPI, Tree Map, Line charts, Table, matrix Charts.
Populating the data from different source systems into DW using SSIS.
Created Reports from a different source and provided drill through capability from Excel reports to SSRS reports.

This overview provides a comprehensive understanding of my skills, experience, and contributions in the BI and data analytics field.
Contact this candidate