Shweta SMaka
Ph. +1-937-***-****
Email:ad2oia@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Profile:
A Certified BI Developer with 8+ years of experience in software design, development, integration, implementation and maintenance of Business Intelligence and database platforms.
Experience with Power BI, Tableau Desktop, OBIEE, Cognos 10 Suite, Cognos 8.X Suite, and Server Installation & Maintenance.
Expertise in complete Life Cycle Development Process of a reporting solution that involved Gathering Business Requirements, Analyzing Business Needs, Development, Testing, Deployment, Implementation and Production Support.
Created Dashboards and other virtualization reports using Power BI.
Worked on all types of transformations that are available in Power BI Query editor.
Scheduled Automatic refresh and scheduling refresh in Power BI Service.
Worked extensively on Power BI Desktop, by creating Complex reports & Dashboards.
Utilized Power BI gateway to keep dashboards and reports up to-date with on premise data sources.
Worked on Report conversion from Legacy Report solution and MS Excel based reports.
Implemented several DAX functions for various fact calculations for efficient data visualization in Power BI.
Experience in designing stunning visualizations using tableau software and publishing and presenting dashboards on web and desktop platforms.
In-depth knowledge of Tableau Desktop, Tableau Reader and Tableau Server, Power BI.
Extensive experience working as a Business Intelligence consultant with specialization in SSRS.
Worked with ETL process to Extract, Transform and Load the data into stage area and data warehouse.
Experience in building SSIS packages involving ETL process, extracting data from various flat files and loading them into SQL Server.
Excellent understanding of Data modeling (Dimensional & Relational) on concepts like Star-schema, Snowflake schema using fact and dimension tables and relational databases, Mainframes, MS Access, and client/server applications.
Mastered the ability to design and deploy rich Graphic visualizations with Drill Down menu option and Parameterized using Tableau.
Extensive experience in using Tableau functionalities for creating different Reports, Interactive Dashboards with page and dashboard Prompts.
Utilized Best Practices and Proven Methodology in modelling data, ETL (Informatica/Data Stage) and other BI development processes.
End to end experience in designing and deploying data visualizations using Tableau.
Strong problem-solving skills, ability to develop strategies for clients, and provide detailed documents to clients.
Experienced in tuning long running SQL queries for better performance.
Strong interpersonal skills with demonstrable verbal and written communications to maintain effective work relationships with all levels of personnel.

Education:
Master of Business Administration (Finance) from Karnataka University, Karnataka-India,2007
Technical Skills:
Languages: HTML, PL/SQL, SQL, XML, and Java/J2EE
Applications: Oracle SQL Developer, Teradata SQL Developer
Reporting tool: SQL server 2005/2008 R2/2016, SSAS/SSRS/SSIS, Cognos
Oracle E-business Suite, Tableau Desktop, Tableau Server.
Microsoft Power BI Desktop, Power BI Query Editor, Power BI Service, DAX, SQL, Python.
Databases: Oracle 8i/9i/10g/11g, MS Access, MS SQL Server 2000/2005/2008R2
Operating Systems: Windows XP/7/8, MS-DOS, Sun Solaris, Linux
Web/App Servers: Apache Tomcat, Web logic Server 8.1/9.2/10, MS IIS 5/6.0, JBoss.
Microsoft Office Suite: Word, Excel, Power point.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Jan’20 – Present
JP Morgan Chase, Ohio
BI Developer

Responsibilities:
Utilized: advance analysis actions, calculations, parameters, background images, maps, trend lines, groups, hierarchies, detail level summary report sets, and KPI dashboards.
Developed and reviewed simultaneous SQL queries with the use of join clauses (inner, left and right) in Power BI desktop to validate static and dynamic data for validation.
Implemented several DAX functions for various fact calculations for efficient data visualization in Power BI.
Communicated effectively across multiple platforms and departments by performing various QA tasks and evaluating workflow.
Utilized Power BI (Power Pivot/View) to design multiple scorecards and dashboards to display information required by different departments and upper-level management.
Designed complex data and intensive reports in Power BI, utilizing various graph features such as gauge, funnel, and line.
Worked extensively on Power BI Desktop, by creating Complex reports & Dashboards.
Created action filters, parameters, and calculated sets for preparing dashboards and worksheets in Power BI.
Utilized Power BI gateway to keep dashboards and reports up to-date with on premise data sources.
Strong experience presenting data with Power BI, Excel, and Power Point.
Experience with MS SQL Server or Azure SQL database.
Compile and present complex information using data visualization tools.
Strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages (SSRS, Power BI, Business Objects), databases (SQL), programming (Python, ETL frameworks).
Work with business stakeholders to understand, gather and document business requirements and build appropriate analytics to ensure business objectives are met in a timely manner.
Worked with business users for Ad hoc reporting requirements and solve their queries about tableau development.
Worked on migration of cognos reports to tableau which includes analysis of reports and data source, development of tableau dashboards.
Blended data from multiple databases into one report by selecting primary keys from each database for data validation.
Developed Tableau reports using SSAS Cubes
Worked on creating advanced Tableau dashboard, using Intermediate MSBI Tabular models.
Created calculated members for dashboard development.
Written MDX queries to create new measure with rebuilding cubes.
Used MDX queries to create the filters and parameters according to the requirement.
Developed Tableau workbooks to perform year over year, quarter over quarter, YTD, QTD and MTD type of analysis.
Actively worked on testing reports and improving performance tuning of SQL and tableau dashboards.
Generated Dashboards with Quick Filters, Parameters and Sets to handle views more efficiently.
Used ETL (SSIS) to develop jobs for extracting, cleaning, transforming, and loading data into data warehouse.
Involved in the Migration of SSRS Reports into Tableau.
Designed and developed Crystal Reports, the Crosstab Reports, and Top N Reports for displaying vital data and summary reports with drill-down capabilities.
Created Custom functions, formulae, cross tabs, graphs, and charts.
Participated in documenting requirement specifics and generated presentations for end users.
Engaged in collaborative planning for upcoming sprints.
Handled JIRA tickets, user inquiries and Adhoc change requests in Agile environment.
Maintain documentation of existing business items, oversaw distributing credentials and assigning roles on Tableau Server.
Gain formal acceptance, sign-off of the project by the sponsor or customer and validate that all conditions of satisfaction have been met.
Tested dashboards to ensure data was matching as per the business requirements and if there were any changes in underlying data.
Developed and reviewed simultaneous SQL queries with the use of join clauses (inner, left and right) in Power BI desktop to validate static and dynamic data for validation.
Environments: Tableau Desktop v8, v9, Tableau Server v9, Tableau online, Crystal Reports 10/2008, Crystal Enterprise 10, SQL Server, SSIS, SSRS, MDX, Hadoop (Cloudera, Impala), SAS, Agile, R and Python.

State of Ohio Department of Medicaid Jun’17 – Jan’20
Power BI Developer

Responsibilities:

Utilized Power BI (Power View) to create various analytical dashboards that depicts critical KPIs such as legal case matter, billing hours and case proceedings along with slicers and dicers enabling end-user to make filters.
Utilized Power Query in Power BI to Pivot and Un-pivot the data model for data cleansing and data massaging.
Implemented several DAX functions for various fact calculations for efficient data visualization in Power BI.
Utilized Power BI gateway to keep dashboards and reports up to-date with on premise data sources.
Utilized Power BI (Power Pivot/View) to design multiple scorecards and dashboards to display information required by different departments and upper-level management.
Created reports utilizing SSRS, Excel services, Power BI and deployed them on SharePoint Server as per business requirements.
Designed complex data intensive reports in Power BI utilizing various graph features such as gauge, funnel, line better business analysis.
Published the Power BI reports to my space server and granted access to users as per request.
Collaborated with senior management, subject matter experts, and IT teams to define business requirements.
Transformed business requirements into functional and nonfunctional requirements.
Generated context filters and used performance actions while handling huge volumes of data.
Created effective data models to enhance the performance of Power BI dashboards.
Trained business users to create multiple Ad hoc reports using certified data sources to find out immediate trends in data.
Created, organized, customized analysis and visualized projects and dashboards to present to Senior Level Executives using advanced functionalities like Actions, Parameters, Groups, Background Images, Context filters, etc.
Build organized customized analysis and visualized projects and dashboards to present to Senior Level Executives.
Created executive dashboard with KPI visualization (1-2 dashboards, 4-8 KPIs)
Created different kinds of Visualizations based on requirement like Map, year over year (Trend) and KPI.
Actively participated in Standardization of Tableau Visualizations and color fronts.
Involved in creating database objects like views, procedures, and functions using SQL to maintain data efficiently.
Building, publishing customized interactive reports and dashboards, report scheduling using Tableau server.
Created action filters, parameters, and calculated fields for preparing dashboards and worksheets in Tableau.
Effectively used data blending feature in tableau.
Defined best practices for Tableau report development.
Used Map box shape files like census tracks, senate districts, house districts and school districts to generate map bases visualizations.
Extensively used Tableau prep and Tableau Prep builder for data cleansing and data massaging to improve Tableau performance.
Actively participated in standardization requirement gathering document and documenting of developed Tableau Dashboards.
Involved in enhancement of existing Tableau Dashboard.
Integrated R with Tableau for predictive analysis.
Assisted users in developing Tableau Reports.
Integrated Tableau Dashboard into Moxie server to display on TV monitors.
Created layouts and playlists in Moxie Studio.
Modified and created joins to improve the database and execution speed.
Optimized the database by creating various clustered, non-clustered indexes and indexed views.
Expert in data visualization using Tableau to create complex, intuitive and innovative dashboards.
Involved in performance tuning using SQL Server Profiler and SQL server hints.
Created SSIS packages using SSIS Designer for exporting heterogeneous data from OLE DB Source and Excel spreadsheet to SQL Server 2016.
Designed ETL packages dealing with different data sources (SQL Server, flat files, and XMLs, etc.) and loaded the data into target data sources by performing various kinds of transformations using SSIS.
Used various SSIS tasks such as Conditional Split, Script Component Task, Derived Column, lookup which were used for Data Scrubbing, data validation checks during Staging, before loading the data into the Data Warehouse.
Created clustered and non-clustered indexes on tables for new database to faster retrieval of data for the Reports.
Created Dax Queries to generate computed columns in Power BI.
Designed and developed Power BI graphical and visualization solutions with business requirement documents and plans for creating interactive dashboards.
Generated ad-hoc reports in Excel Power Pivot and shared them using Power BI to the decision makers for strategic planning.
Regular interaction with business units Managers, users, other stakeholders to understand the business problems and gather the requirements.
Experience with the design and development of Tableau visualization solutions.
Administered user, user groups, and scheduled instances for Workbooks in Tableau.
Extracting data from different sources connecting them and used the same to create dashboard.
Experience with creation of users, groups, projects, workbooks and the appropriate permission sets for Tableau server logons and security checks.
Preparing Dashboards using calculations, parameters, calculated fields, groups, sets and hierarchies in Tableau.
Excellent analytical, problem solving and debugging skills, with strong ability to quickly learn and comprehend business processes and problems in order to effectively develop technical solutions to their requirements.
Building, publishing customized interactive reports and dashboards, report scheduling using Tableau server.
Involved in Installation and upgrade of Tableau server to 2019.4.
Scheduled data refresh on Tableau Server for weekly and monthly increments based on business change to ensure that the views and dashboards were displaying the changed data accurately.
Generated Dashboards with Quick filters, Parameters and sets to handle views more efficiently.
Collaborated with business users, collected requests, and updated the set of existing BI reports to accommodate business needs.
Used Microsoft Power BI Power Query to extract data from external sources and modify data to certain format as required in Excel and created SSIS packages to load excel sheets from PC to database.
Used Power BI Power Pivot to develop data analysis prototype and used Power View and Power Map to visualize reports.
Environments: Tableau Desktop v9.4, v10.2, v10.5, v2018.2, v20182.3, v2019.3.1, 2020.X, 2021.X,Tableau Server v10.2, v10.5, v2018.2, v20182.3, v2019.3.1, Tableau prep v2018.2, v2019.3, Power BI, OBIEE answers, SSIS, Omnivex, Moxie studio, Map box, Impala, Oracle, CSV files, Excel, SAS, SQL server, ServiceNow, VBscript Macros, Oracle analytics server.

Ohio Department of Taxation Jun’15 – Jun’17
BI Consultant

Responsibilities:
Worked with the design and business team to develop effective Tableau visualization solutions.
Design, Develop, Test and Deploy Reporting Solutions using Oracle’s OBIEE suite of reporting tools.
Analysis of the requirements and preparing the understanding documents and discussing with business on the gaps and correcting the gaps in understanding.
Create/Manage Groups, Workbooks and Projects, Database Views, Data Sources and Data Connections.
Involved in requirements gathering and technical discussion of the reporting data model.
Worked on different Ad-hoc scenarios to come up with various functional specs / Demos for User acceptance.
Created dashboard using parameters, sets, groups, and calculations.
Involved in creating interactive dashboard and applied actions (filter, highlight and URL) to dashboard.
Working on generating various dashboards in Tableau Server using different data sources such as Teradata, Oracle and Redshift& Google big query.
Moved Tableau workbooks from one database to another database vendor. It included analyzing database structure, developing SQL and testing data.
Created actions, parameters, Filter, and calculated fields for preparing dashboards and worksheets using Tableau.
Effectively used data blending, filters, actions, Hierarchies feature in tableau.
Create and modify Interactive Dashboards and Creating guided navigation links within Interactive Dashboards.
Publish the developed dashboard, reports on the Tableau Server so that the end users having access to the server can view the data.
Created training documents & trained business users for tableau Ad-hoc reporting.
Hands-on development assisting users in creating and modifying worksheets and data visualization dashboards.
Scheduled frequency and time to refresh data for the when sources are publishing or extracted to server.
Ensures issues are identified, tracked, reported on, and resolved in a timely manner.
Execute the project plan, implement mechanisms to measure, record progress, and conduct ongoing analysis of variances, risks, and changes, as well as update/revise the project plan and report status.
Design and review of testing documents like test plans, test cases and co-ordination efforts with QA.

Environment: Tableau Server/ desktop 10.5,10.4, Teradata, Windows Server 2012 R2, Google Cloud, SQL/PL-SQL, MS-Office.
Thomson Reuters, MI
BI Developer
Jan’14 – Jun’15
Responsibilities:
Analyzing the specifications provided by the clients and Developing specification documents for reports as per client requirements.
Coordinated with various internal/external system interface teams for design/integration testing/deployment and production issues.
Converted SSRS reports/dashboards to Tableau dashboards.
Preparing Dashboards using calculations, parameters, calculated fields, groups, sets and hierarchies in Tableau.
Designed and development of dashboards using Tableau Desktop.
Involved in creating dashboards by extracting data from different sources.
Created dashboard using parameters, sets, groups and calculations.
Involved in creating interactive dashboard and applied actions (filter, highlight and URL) to dashboard.
Involved in creating calculated fields, mapping and hierarchies.
Created drill through reports in dashboard.
Involved in creating data blending in case of merging different sources.
Involved in creating a dual-axis bar chart with multiple measures.
Involved in extraction, transformation and loading of data directly from different source systems like flat files, Excel, Oracle and SQL Server.
Extensively used data blending in Tableau.
Project Delivery aspects like UAT, Production Migration and Production Implementation.
Converted metric insight reports to tableau reports.
Working extensively with Tableau Business Intelligence tool to develop various dashboards.
Combined views and reports into interactive dashboards in Tableau Desktop that were presented to Business Users, Program Managers, and End Users.
Effectively used data blending feature in Tableau.
Migrated existing self-service reports and ad-hoc reports to Power BI.
Developed custom calculated measures using DAX in Power BI to satisfy business needs.
Created custom reports on ad-hoc basis bi-weekly and monthly.
Prepared Test Plan and Plan System Integration testing and performed UAT test along with Business Users.
Worked in developing strategy and technical specifications for implementing reporting portal/semantic layer in conjunction with data layer.
Converted blue insight reports to tableau reports.
Extracting data from different sources connecting them and used the same to create dashboard.
Prepared Dashboards using calculations, parameters, calculated fields, groups, sets and hierarchies in Tableau.
Created data blending in case of merging two different datasets.
Created and modified various reports using report studio like Backlog, Audit, Outstanding liability Etc.
Created prompts, Calculations, Conditions, Filters using Report Studio.
Created various types of reports like List and Crosstab etc.
Used Query studio for Ad-Hoc reporting & trained users in using it extensively.
Involved in testing and validation all reports of the migration-based projects.
Performed unit testing of the reports and the framework mode.
Worked on moving reports from Cognos to Tableau.
Proof-read all documents and maintain accuracy of information and preparing SOP.
Worked on groups, projects, workbooks and the appropriate permission sets for Tableau server logins and security checks.
Executed and tested required queries and reports before publishing.

Environment: Tableau Server 9.0,9.3, Tableau Desktop 9.x, SQL server, SSIS, Cloudera, UNIX, Windows Server 2012 R2, Squirrel, SQL, Excel, CSV files.
Contact this candidate