Professional Summary

●Motivated and detail-focused over 8 years of experience working as a Database and BI Developer/Analyst.
●Have solid experience working with large databases, creating different database objects (like tables, views, indexes, stored procedures, functions, and triggers), designing, developing, and maintaining Power BI reports, dashboards, and visualizations to meet the needs of the business.
●Proficient in relational database modeling (Conceptual, Logical, and Physical Modeling) and normalization.
●Excellent knowledge of RDBMS concepts and constructs along with Database object creation such as Tables, User Defined Data Types, Indexes, Stored Procedures, Views, User Defined Functions, Cursors, and Triggers
●Experienced in Data Import, Data Analysis, Data Migration, Data Cleansing, Transformation, and Integration
●Proficient in using Power BI data visualization tool to analyze and obtain insights from large datasets, creating visually compelling and actionable interactive reports and dashboards.
●In-depth knowledge of SQL queries and working with RDBMS like Oracle, SQL Server, and MySQL in Agile project methodology.
●Used Python to do different data transformations and in Databricks and AWS services (like lambda, AWS glue,)
●Worked on Paginated reports documents consisting of fixed-layout data pages and maintaining consistent formatting across different devices. Worked on OBIEE (Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition).
●Experienced in monitoring performance and troubleshooting issues with database platforms, ETL processes, and Reports like SSRS and Power BI. Also configuring and managing reports using different technologies.
●Experienced in Power BI project different components/functionalities like power query, M query, DAX, data models, Datasets, Dashboards, KPI Scorecards, implementing row-level security with application security layer models analysis and testing of business requirements to drive the development of applications, business, data warehousing, Power BI service (SaaS), or by API automation and visual analytics leveraging including Tableau and other business intelligence tools.
●Ability to analyze disparate systems to identify gaps and potential impacts.

Education

Bachelor of Science in Information Science & Technology
Addis Ababa University, Ethiopia

Tools and Technology

RDBMS: SQL Server 2005/ 2008/2008R2/ 2012/2014/2016/2019, DB2, Oracle
Database/ETL Tools: SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, Informatica Cloud, Snowflake Computing, Microsoft Azure
Reporting: SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Report Builder, Cognos, Tableau, Power BI
Languages: VB.NET, C#, C++, T-SQL, E-SQL
MS Office: Microsoft Office Tools
Operating Systems: Windows Server 2000/2003/2008/2008R2/2012/2016/2019, Linux/Unix
Tools: Backup Utility, OBIEE, Lite Speed for SQL Server, Visio

Relevant Courses: SQL, Java, Python, JavaScript, HTML/CSS, Data Structures, C++, C#, Database and Management System, (SQL), Component-Based Software Design, Client-Side Scripting for Web, R - Statistical Programming Language, SAS Statistical Analysis System, Network Architectures, Git, GitHub

Work Experience

Client: First Citizens Bank, Raleigh, NC September 2022- Present
Role: SQL Snowflake Power BI developer
●Worked on Analyzing and understanding the business requirements, definition, and design of the data sources and flows. creating datasets and data flows for self-service reporting.
●Involved in creating functional and technical specification documents after gathering requirements from business.
●Created database objects like Tables, DML, DDL, Views, Stored Procedures, Functions, Joins, and Indexes in T-SQL based on the functional specifications. Experienced in D365 and Acumatica TMS.
●Developed complex T-SQL Queries and SQL Scripts for efficient data load based on complex business rules.
●Worked on database queries to extract and manipulate data ensuring performance, security, and integrity of large databases.
●Designed complex ETL strategies to pull data from different sources, like SQL servers, oracle, and flat files, and load it to the destination database after using multiple transformations.
●Worked on Snow SQL and Created Snow-pipe for continuous data load.
●Worked on snowflake generation software, ensuring efficiency, reliability, and scalability. Depending on the project requirements, this could involve languages like Python, Java, or C++.
●Worked on designing and optimizing algorithms for snowflake generation, manipulation, and analysis. This might involve mathematical modeling, statistical analysis, or machine learning techniques.
●Develop stored procedures/views in Snowflake and use them in Talend for loading Dimensions and Facts.
●Worked with DAX/MDX queries in building expressions for various business calculations.
●Building, and publishing customized interactive reports and dashboards, report scheduling using Power BI service.
●Involved in Developing Power BI visualizations and dashboards using Power BI Desktop.
●By using a Power BI desktop connected to various data sources, working with different visualizations.
●Developed and published reports and dashboards using Power BI and wrote effective DAX formulas and expressions.
●Utilized Power Query in Power BI to Pivot and Un-pivot the data model for data cleansing and data massaging.
●Created several user roles and groups for the end-user and provided row-level security to them.
●Created Power BI Reports using the Tabular SSAS models as source data in Power BI Desktop and published service reports. Used Power Platform tools including Power Apps, Power Automate, and Dataverse.
●Worked with table and matrix visuals, worked with different levels of filters like report level, visual level, and page level filters. Design, develop, and maintain end-to-end business intelligence (BI) and analytics solutions using Microsoft Azure data migration, storage, compute, and data visualization technologies.
●Used various data visualizations including imported or custom visuals.
●Debug through C#.NET code to troubleshoot production issues and create unit test methods for validation of codes developed. Worked on Microsoft’s AI toolsets like Co-Pilot, and Open AI.
●Configured incremental refresh and deployment pipelines in Power BI.
●Designed, developed, and deployed different reports like Matrix and Tabular reports with Top N, Cascaded, Parameterized, and pie chart reports using SSRS with Report Builder.
●Used parameters to configure URL report filters and capture the last data refresh date and time in Power BI.
●Worked on Data Governance, Management, and Metadata Management.
Environment: MS SQL Server 2019/2016/2014/2012/2008, Microsoft Visual Studio 2010, MS Access, MS Excel, MS Visio, Snowflake Computing, Jira, Power Apps, Power Automate, Co-Pilot, Confluence, SQL Server Profiler, Windows Server 2014/2016, D365

Client: Mingle Health, Sandy, Utah July 2020- Sept 2022
Role: Senior SQL/ SSRS/SSIS Developer
Worked with businesses to gather requirements and create technical documentation for implementation.
Created complex Stored Procedures, Triggers, Functions, Indexes, Tables, Views, SQL joins, and other T-SQL code to implement business rules. (used CTE, temporary tables, and user-defined table types in codes developed)
Performed T-SQL tuning and optimization of queries for reports that take longer execution time using MS SQL Profiler, Index Tuning Wizard, and SQL Query Analyzer in MS SQL Server 2019/2016/2012.
Expert in Query Optimization and tuning the query, creating Indexes to improve the query performance, used SQL Profiler, and Query Analyzer to debug, troubleshoot, monitor, and measure SQL statements and stored procedures.
Worked on different reports for claim processing and Integrating EDI data including form 837 which contains patient claim information.
Worked on report writing using SQL Server Reporting Services like Sub-Reports, Drilldown-Reports, Summary Reports, Parameterized Reports Cascading parameter reports, Tabular reports, Matrix reports, Chart reports, Pie Charts, and column reports.
Experience in making DAX queries on Power BI desktop.
Developing visual reports, dashboards, and KPI scorecards using Power BI desktop.
Excellent analytical thinking for translating data into informative visuals and reports.
Experience in integrating Power BI reports into other applications using embedded analytics like Power BI service (SaaS), or API automation. Also, one must be experienced in developing custom visuals for Power BI.
Data warehousing, data marts, data stores, and cubes
Proficient in Microsoft Suite: Word, PowerPoint, Visio, SharePoint
Ability to maintain ownership of tasks until resolution, manage competing priorities, and provide timely solutions to the team, while remaining flexible with continually changing priorities

Environment: SQL Server 2019/2016, Visual Studio and data tools 2017, Microsoft Azure, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, Windows Server 2019, Power Apps, Power Automate,Tableau, ICD-10-CM, SNOMED CT, Power BI, Navision, Oracle, Jira, Confluence, AWS, C#, .NET
Client: Laureate International Universities, Columbia, MD Aug 2016- June 2020
Role: MS SQL/SSIS Developer
Worked closely with SME’s end users/internal customers to understand project/requirement scope.
Strong experience working in an Agile development environment.
Worked with Business Systems Analysts to fine-tune specifications by ensuring that all database constraints were satisfied and performing impact analysis of changes.
Involved in the logical and physical data models of databases and prepared test cases for existing and new solutions to validate that the solution met requirements. And prepared documentation for the same.
Created complex Stored Procedures, Triggers, Functions, Indexes, Tables, Views, SQL joins, and other T-SQL code to implement business rules. (used CTE, temporary tables, and user-defined table types in codes developed)
Performed T-SQL tuning and optimization of queries for reports that take longer execution time using MS SQL Profiler, Index Tuning Wizard, and SQL Query Analyzer in MS SQL Server 2008/2012.
Extracted data from heterogeneous sources and transformed, and processed the data using SSIS/Informatica Cloud
Involved in Designing the Data Warehouse and creating Fact and Dimension tables with Star Schema and Snowflake Schema.
Transfer files using SFTP, and NDM to client-server, created a batch script using Perl and shell scripting.
Scheduled SSIS packages for running monthly/weekly/daily feeds from and to various vendors using SQL server Agent.
Integrated SSIS packages with the Windows batch to trigger the SSIS package.
Used TFS for source code management of developed codes/version control,
Migrated from SSIS 2008 version to 2012 and used custom-created DLL for transfer of files using SFTP connection.
Debug through C#.NET code to troubleshoot production issues and create unit test methods for validation of codes developed.
Created Alerts/log entries for completed and failed jobs.
Rebuilding/Reorganizing indexes and running Database Consistency Check Commands (DBCC).
Problem identification, troubleshooting, resolution, and index tuning databases.
Collaborated with network operators, application developers, engineers, and DBAs to address production issues and enhance end-user experience.

Environment: SQL Server 2012, BIDS, Visual Studio 2010/2013, Informatica Cloud, Snowflake Computing, Microsoft Azure, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, .NET, C#, Windows Server 2012, Tableau, Cognos salesforce, oracle
Contact this candidate