830-***-**** ad4hyq@r.postjobfree.com
VIVEK
REDDY
CONSULTANT
Power BI developer having 6 Years of experience in Data & Analytics space, working closely with Client's for various sector across multiple functions. Recognized consistently for performance excellence and
contributions to success in IT industry. Strengths in Power BI - Cloud and also backed by training in
Machine Learning Algorithms.
PROFILE SUMMARY
Forward-focused Consultant with insightful experience of 5 years in managing multiple projects inclusive of project scoping, planning & estimation, management of risks, finalization of technical & functional specifications, resource planning and quality management for various projects
Defined Worked with different teams and stake holders across the globe and handled 200+ end users for the power bi reports.
Resourceful in Development Lifecycle using Deployment pipeline in power bi service and User Experience Design right from requirement analysis, documentation
(functional specifications, technical design), coding and testing to maintenance
Significant experience of working with customers, project managers and technical teams for securing & executing concurrent projects of Microsoft software
Expertise in using different functionalities in Power BI Service/Desktop, Sharepoint and Alteryx and having good expertise in domain knowledge.
Strong communication and leadership skills with high aptitude in hiring, training & mentoring large teams AREAS OF EXPERTISE
WORK EXPERIENCE
Sr. Analytics Consultant
PhData, Hyderabad
Feb 2024 – till date
Consultant
KPMG Global Services, Hyderabad
May 2021 – Feb 2024
Power BI Developer
CYIENT LTD, Hyderabad
Feb 2018 - Apr 2021
Key Deliverables:
Developing E2E projects using Power BI reporting tool and delivered to the end users and stakeholders across all member firms in KPMG.
Leading the Handling multiple projects simultaneously and delivering the output in time and crisp to the clients before the deadlines.
Creating & Worked on various POC’s using Alteryx etl tool and published as a presentation to the entire organization.
Documenting and giving trainings to the new hires in the organization and helping them with the domain and
report developments.
CERTIFICATIONS
Alteryx Micro Foundation Certification.
Alteryx Core Designer Certification
Power BI PL-300 Certification
IT SKILLS
Reporting Tools:
Microsoft Power BI Desktop/Service
AWS Quick Sight
Database:
SQL
ETL Tools:
Alteryx
ACADEMIC DETAILS
B-Tech. (Electronics & Communication Engineering)
K.L. University, Vijayawada India
2013-2017 71%
Intermediate (MPC)
Narayana Jr.College, Hyderabad, India
2011-2013 95%
SSC
ST.Claire High School, Godavarikani, India
2010-2011 96%
MAJOR PROJECTS ANNEXURE
Project: Role: Developer
BI Developer
Client:
Organization:
Global
CYIENT LTD
Duration: Feb 2018 – Apr 2021 Team Size: 2
Contribution: Working with stakeholders for the requirement gathering for the project development and scheduling calls with end users for the mock up development, developing reports as per the mock up and suggesting useful KP’s for the enhancing the business outputs. Project Description: Sales BI Transformations using Amazon Web Services/Power BI desktop/Service.
Leading Technologies used: Power BI Desktop/Service, AWS Redshift, SQL.
Creating reports in power BI desktop by using Redshift as a data source.
Conducting Weekly and Monthly Business reviews with the senior management
Driving Key Metrics for the Team and working extensively with the clients to showcase the developments.
Assisting the customers adopt the services by providing lite advisory support on migration, architecture, and deployment topics by answering simple how to questions and for more complex asks, pointing customers to the best self-service resources available online and when applicable, making partner referrals via Pinpoint
SPOC for all communications for customer (SPOC) and processing with senior management relationship
Monitor Involving in various Control Flow Tasks and Data Flow Transformations to implement Business Rules.
Performed and worked with Dimensions, measures and Date Tables
Following data driven approach to identify usage gaps and providing solutions with measurable results
Communicating with product team on customer feedback and improvising customer satisfaction
Designed Adhoc reports in Power BI Desktop and published in Power Bi Cloud and then shared to business decision makers for strategic planning.
Monitor all business transaction opportunities that enhance access to services and promote the business growth strategy Project:
Role:
Cogni services/Dataflows
Power BI Developer
Client:
Organization:
Internal
CYIENT LTD
Duration: Apr 2020 – Dec 2020 Team Size: 2
Tools: Power BI,Alteryx
Contribution: Working as Power BI developer and supporting client. Working on cognitive services using dataflows in power BI service. Training the team and leading them in the proper way to give better solutions to clients using dataflows.
Project Description: Data transformations with cognitive services using Dataflows in power BI Service.
Involved in identifying incident trends (by customers) and helping customers with root-cause analysis of these trends
Extensively worked on the Microsoft Social listening functional and workflow
Served as a trusted advisor to customers and played a key role in ensuring client/partner expectations are being set and met
Collaborated with multiple Microsoft teams including engineering the process and operations to drive resolution of escalated issues
Communicated escalation findings clearly and confidently to executive levels within the customer and Microsoft teams
Worked with customers to build a closer relationship between them and Microsoft
Imparted training & documentation feedback and updated role documentation as needed Project:
Role:
Developer
Consultant


Client:
Organization:
EMA
KPMG
Duration: May 2021 – Feb 2024 Team Size: 3
Environment: Database: SQL Server 2008 Tools: Power BI,Alteyx,Sharepoint
Contribution: Working as Consultant in developing the report and supporting the latest change requests and new Enhancements Also Checking/ Logging bugs. Handled E2E development of project and supporting with any other issues as well.
Project Description: EMA Growth Program report using Power BI, Alteryx and Sharepoint as a datasource.
Extensively used Power BI, Power Pivot and Power Query to develop data analysis prototype and used Power View.
Developed test cases and documents related to functional areas
Generated metrics reports and daily status reports
Hands-on experience in performance tuning and Query Optimization using DAX Studio.
Created out of the box functionalities using power bi features and received compliments from the stake holders.
Report will auto update on weekly basis using schedule refresh functionality in power bi service.
Data extract will be generated from GOP tool and layer ETL process will be done through Alteryx workflows.
Generated useful insights from report like growth comparison between the fiscal years (YTD) Project:
Role:
Leadership Insights rep
Consultant
Location:
Organization:
ASPAC
KPMG
Duration: Dec 2021 – Feb 2024 Team Size: 1
Tools: Power BI,Alteryx
Contribution: Working as Power BI developer and supporting client. Training the team and leading them in the proper way to give better solutions.
Project Description: Report for the Leadership team to view the business insights globally.
Involved Created historical view of the business details in the report for the business clients usage.
Extensively worked on the extracting the data from the various member firms across the world and embedding into the report.
Collaborated with multiple data files into the report including engineering the process and operations to drive resolution of escalated issues
Worked with various stake holders from ASPAC team and clarified the gaps between the development of the report.
Enabled Row level security and Object level security to 200 users in power bi desktop using DAX functions and published the report to power bi service.
Developed 3 types of view in the report like Account, Sector and Opps related view,so that end user can navigate to any type of view based on the requirement.
Created New Calculated column and Measures using DAX Expressions & Comfortable in working with filters/ calculated columns/ measures.
Created Dashboards using Power Bi Desktop Visualizations like Bar Chart, Line Chart, Area Chart and Slicer etc.
Interacted with end-users to collect requirements and to acquire the necessary domain knowledge to become a subject matter expert.
Understanding source systems and customer requirements, developed couple of dashboards using the power bi components and shared to end users in cloud
Project:
Role:
Internal Projects
Consultant
Location:
Organization:
Global
KPMG
Duration: May 2021 – Feb 2024 Team Size: 12
Tools: Power BI, Sharepoint
Contribution: Working as Power BI developer and supporting client. Worked on multiple projects in the same time and supported various clients for each project, implementing the latest change requests and new enhancements while developing new requirements. Project:
Role:
Support Projects/POC’s
Consultant
Client:
Organization:
Internal
KPMG
Duration: Sep 2021 – Feb 2024 Team Size: 2
Tools: Power BI,Alteryx,SQL
Contribution: Working as Power BI developer to support multiple power bi reports to enhance the existing reports and resolving the issues/Bugs raised from the end users. Project Description:
Resolving the tickets raised by the clients, Stakeholders and external team in power bi reports.
Adding end users in the security group of the report to view the report in power bi service.
Working with business Analysts to work on the mock up development.
Publishing the bug free report to workspace in power bi service.
Using deployment pipeline, report will be moved to production workspace where all the end users can able to view the report.
Developed entity customization and designed workflows in implementing the latest change requests
Worked with users and fixed their issues
Troubleshot and resolved tickets raised by the clients
Collaborated with Product team for identified product bugs till closure
Accountable for Customization of application, Support and Maintenance activities, Technical Documentation, Unit Testing and Bug Fixing
Interacted with clients on the requirements
Developing and supporting multiple internal projects.
Looked after Customization and Configuration, Deployment Upgrade
Analyzed the Requirements and Implemented the Change requests
Developed Release Management Portal to organize all the releases in a systematic way
Engaged in Customizing the entities and Configuring workflows
Accountable for maintaining articles and training internal teams
Effectively resolved customer issues within SLA
Organized Live Meetings with End users based on the user calendar and resolved the issues
Handled Production Bug triage call with all TPMs/Engineering to track existing Application Code bugs
Involved Created historical view of the business details in the report for the business clients usage.
Extensively worked on the extracting the data from the various member firms across the world and embedding into the report.
Collaborated with multiple data files into the report including engineering the process and operations to drive resolution of escalated issues
Worked with deployment pipeline in power bi service to navigate the deployed report from Testing stage to Staging stage to Production stage.
Contact this candidate