DANIEL TEDLA POWER BI DEVELOPER

Arlington, VA ad4pzs@r.postjobfree.com
703-***-****
Demo LinkedIn

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Experienced Power BI Developer, skilled in developing, deploying, and visualizing business intelligence reports with Power BI and SSRS. Proficient in data modeling, dashboard design, data visualization, DAX and integrating reporting. Proven ability in designing and building interactive dashboards and reports. Understanding of SQL and relational database concept to develop ETL process.

EXPERIENCE
Colaberry Inc, Plano, TX Power BI Developer, September 2021 – Present
Developed visual reports, dashboards, and KPI scorecards using Power BI Desktop to provide data-driven insights.
Connected to various data sources, imported, and transformed data to enable effective BI Analysis.
Be able to quickly shape data into reporting and analytics solutions.
Utilized analytical thinking to translate complex data into visually appealing and informative reports.
Published and scheduled Power BI reports according to business requirements.
Programmed and maintained report forms and format information dashboards and data generators.
Use of full Microsoft BI stack to provide access to data, reports, and analysis.
Delivered actionable insights by creating custom Microsoft Power Bi dashboards, visualization and interface with Microsoft SSRS.

Coherent Inc communication, Sherman, TX August 2018 – August 2021
Analyze data and display it in reports to aid decision-making
Define key performance indicators (KPI’s) with specific objectives and track them regularly.
Convert business needs into technical specifications and establish a timetable for job completion
Create charts and data documentation with explanations of algorithms, parameters, models, and relationships
Use Power BI to run DAX queries and functions
Use SQL queries to get the best results
For a better understanding of the data, use filters and visualization
Grand Transportation, Network Administrator, Washington, DC June 2005 - July 2018
Install, and support the company's computer system, Creating LAN, and WAN.
Keep the organization’s computer network up to date and operating as intended.
Responsible for the day-to-day operation of the organization.

EDUCATION
Certification
Data Science & Analytics, Certified in Power BI Developer September 2017 – July 2018
Associate
Grand Rapids College, Associate in Information Technology January 2001 - May 2005

TECHNICAL SKILL
Power BI Suite (Power BI Desktop, Power BI Services, Power BI Mobile App.
Microsoft BI Stack (SSRS, SSIS, SQL Server, SQL Management Studio)
Data Modeling, Data visualization, Troubleshooting and Problem-Solving skills.
Contact this candidate