Shahnawaz
Sr. MSBI Developer
Ph No: 972-***-****
Email Id: ad4ux0@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn URL: https://www.linkedin.com/in/shahnawaz-khan-726383151

Professional Summary:
Overall 10 years of IT Experience in Database Design, Data Mining, Development and Business Intelligence of Microsoft SQL Server2019/2017/2014/2012/2008R2/2008/2005/2000 in Development, Test and Production Environments with various business domains. Migration of SSRS reports from SQL 2012 to SQL 2019.
Wide - ranging experience in Database Design, Development, Implementation, Debugging and Testing of software applications to support reporting and Business Intelligence initiatives in Healthcare, Insurance Academic and Finance industries etc.
SQL Server Developer with SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, MS SQL Server 2008 R2/2012/2014, Power BI, SQL Azure, SAP BI, Oracle PL/SQL, Informatica, Unix from requirements gathering to its implementation using Agile.
Experienced in Repository Configuration/using Transformations, creating Informatica Mappings, Mapplets, Sessions, Worklets, Workflows, Processing tasks using Informatica Designer / Workflow Manager to move data from multiple source systems into targets.
Experience working with Extract, Transform & Load process using Microsoft SSIS, Informatica (E-T-L) and Oracle ODI (E-L-T).
Domain experience in Banking Credit Risk Management, Capital Requirement Calculation Fund services Life Insurance Annuities and Claims and ERP.
Experience in working in domain like Healthcare and IT.
Good working experience on object - oriented programming like Java & Python.
Strong experience in reporting tools like MS Power BI, and Microsoft SQL server.
Extensive experience with Data Modeling Techniques, logical and physical database design. Expert Knowledge of Integration Services (SSIS), Reporting Services (SSRS) and Analysis Services (SSAS).
Experience in Database Development, modeling, Data Warehousing, Design and Technical Management.
More than One - year experience with Alteryx design and data analytic using Alteryx, design of analytic App and Macro experience with Visual Studio 2015.2017.
Adept at Salesforce CRM Configuration, Customization, and Testing of applications.
Hands on experience in Installation, Configuration and Migration of SQL Server2014/2012/2008 R2/2008/2005/2000, apply periodic service packs and hot fixes (cumulative updates) and complimentary third-party tools.
Experience in using ETL tools i.e. Informatica PowerCenter, Microsoft BI Stack (SSIS, SSAS, SSRS) and Oracle ODI 11g.
Proficient in RDBMS concepts, with hands on in Relational database environment using SQL Developer, MS SQL Server, T-SQL, complex queries, Dynamic SQL, Analytical functions, WITH statement, Exists clause and Rollup in developing projects.
Expertise in Developing and Extending SSAS Cubes, Dimensions and data source views, SSAS-Data Mining Models and Deploying and processing SSAS objects.
Experience in Cloud (Azure, AWS, GCP), DevOps, Configuration management, Infrastructure automation, Continuous Integration and Delivery (CI/CD).
Highly organized and result-oriented Data Reporting Analyst/BI Analyst with a 5 years’ experience in Data Reporting and Developing Visual Basics for Applications (VBA) in Access & Excel for Various Domains such as finance, Insurance and Social Services.
Extensive experience and proficiency on the design, construction and implementation of Business Intelligence tools (Star Schema, Data-Warehouses, OLAP cubes, Partitioning and Aggregations), ETL Process (Data Extraction, Transformation layer) with DTS/SSIS, Data Cleansing, MSSQL Databases, Analysis Services (SSAS), Reporting Services (SSRS), Notification Services (SSNS) and MDX ad-hoc Reporting.
Experience in creating indexed views, complex stored procedures, effective triggers and useful functions to facilitate efficient data manipulation and consistent data storage.
Reports, Ad-hoc Reports, Drilldown, Parameterized, Cascade, Conditional, Table, Chart, and Sub Reports using MS Power BI. Creating relationships between different tables from different data sources.
Working with Power BI Service for creating Dashboards and sharing them with business users.
Working with DAX formulae for creating variables like Previous Month, Previous Quarter, etc., and creating interactive visuals using geographic data.
Experience in administration, configuration, development, Implementation, and Support of sales force CRM, and SalesForce applications based on Apex Language and leveraging Force.com Platform
Imported data using Amazon Glue Data Link (ADL) to SQL Server in Power BI to generate reports.
Experience in working with Salesforce to update/create/ new calculated data fields in SQL and push them back to the server using SSIS and TSQL.
Used PowerShell Scripting, Autosys to schedule batch jobs and handle deployments to production during release of new development going live.
Used MDX to interact with the back end OLAP Services. Experience in Dimensional Modeling, Designing of STAR, SNOWFLAKE Schemas. Created Reports with complex formulas and query the database for business Intelligence.
Expertise in building CI/CD on AWS environment using AWS Code Commit, Code Build, Code Deploy and Code Pipeline and experience in using AWS CloudFormation, API Gateway, and AWS Lambda in automation and securing the infrastructure on AWS.
Excellent knowledge in creating Databases, Tables, Stored Procedure, DDL/DML Triggers, Views, User defined data types, Cursors and Indexes using T-SQL.
Experience in enhancing and deploying the SSIS Packages from development server to production server. Created shared dimension tables, measures, hierarchies, levels, cubes and aggregations on MS OLAP/ Analysis Server (SSAS). Experience in Creation and deployment of cubes on SSAS. Good understanding in Oracle 9i/10g Database.
Experience in Creating and Updating Clustered and Non-Clustered Indexes to keep up the SQL Server Performance.
Experienced in SAP BW warehouse on HANA and migrating standard SAP Models to In-memory optimized models and Performance testing. Experienced creating report from HANA STUDIO for other BI tools also loading data from tables in HANA Database to HANA studio data marts.
Good Knowledge of Normalization, Performance Tuning, Development Life Cycle source control and ticketing systems and Version Control tools while Design and Development of Data warehouse.
Expert in Understanding the Technical Specification and creating and modifying the SSIS packages according to the Business requirements. Experienced working with Database Architecture for Design and Development of Data models and Data warehouse
Experience in Analyzing Execution Plan and managing indexes and troubleshooting deadlocks. Experience in Tuning SQL queries and T-SQL queries, MDX & improving the performance of the queries.
Worked Extensively on ETL process using SSIS package. Experience in using variables, expressions and functions and defining Query for generating drill down reports in SSRS.
Excellent analytical, problem-solving skills and a motivated team player with excellent inter-personal skills and familiar with offshore and multi-site development.
Integration Services (DTS/SSIS)
Extensive knowledge in ETL Process & Progressive knowledge in using DTS/SSIS utilities.
Experience in Extraction & Migration of Data from heterogeneous data sources like Excel, MS Access, Oracle, and DB2 to MS SQL Server by using Import Export Wizard, DTSSSIS, and BCP & Bulk Insert utilities.
Server as Micro strategy Administrator and performed Version upgrade, User Management, Security Filters, Statistical analysis using Micro strategy Enterprise Manager
Expertise in designing SQL Server SSIS packages to import and transform data between databases and external data sources.
Experience in multiple Relational Database Management systems (RDBMS).
Involved in migration of DTS Packages (2000) to SSIS (2005/2008R2/2012/2014) and troubleshoot migration issues. Experience in providing Logging, Error handling by using Event Handler, and Custom Logging for SSIS Packages.

Education:
Bachelor’s in computer science and engineering from Gitam University, India, 2014.

Technical Skills:

Databases Tools
SQL Enterprise Manager, Query Analyzer, SQL Server Management Studio, Business Intelligence Development Studio, SQL Profiler, SQL Server Analysis Service (SSAS).

BI Tools

Tableau Desktop v2019.1, Tableau Server, Tableau online, Tableau Public, Tableau Reader, SQL server reporting services (SSRS), Oracle ODI, SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS), SQL server Integrating Services (SSIS), Power BI.
ETL Tools
Data Transformation Services (DTS) – Export/Import, SQL Server Integration Service (SSIS), Enterprise Manager, Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS).
Reporting Tools
SQL Server Reporting Services (2000/2005/2008 R2,2012,2014), MS Access, MS Excel, Power BI.
Database
MS SQL Server 2019/2017/2014/2012/2008/2005/2000, MS Access, Oracle 9i/8i, Red gate.
Programming
T-SQL, PL-SQL, C, C#. VBA
Web Technologies
HTML, DHTML, XML, XSL, Java Script (Validation), CSS, PERL.
Operating Systems
Windows (95/98/2000), Windows 2003/2008/2012 Server, Windows XP, Windows Vista.
Other Tools
MS Office Suite (Microsoft Word, Power Point, MS Visio), OLAP & OLTP, ERWIN, Adobe Photoshop, Abode Flash, Team foundation Server, GIT, Autosys.

Professional Experience:
American Express, New York, NY May 2021 – Present
Sr SQL/ Power BI Developer

Responsibilities:

Design and model datasets with Power BI desktop based on measurements and dimensions requested by customers and dashboard needs.
Develop interactive visuals, and KPI scoreboards using the Power BI Desktop application.
MS SQL Server/PostgreSQL Functions/Procedure/SQL Skills
Wrote VBA to create automation for file transfer process
Wrote VBA codes to refresh reports weekly
involved data mining with appropriate algorithm (clustering and others) on structured and semi - structured data
Designed Informatica mappings by translating the business requirements.
Involved in complete software development life cycle (SDLC) process by analyzing business requirements and understanding the functional workflow of information from source systems to destination systems.
Create rich Power BI visualizations, and DAX queries and work with Power Query, M code language for data integration and transformation as per the business requirement.
Install and configure Power BI Gateways to keep the dashboards and reports refreshed automatically.
Created Workspace and Apps in Power BI service (SaaS) and gave access to end users to Apps.
Configure Power BI Report Server for SSRS, deployed and scheduled reports in Report Manager.
Create paginated reports using Power BI Report Builder for on-premises and cloud data sources.
Created n-tier application system architecture including use of PostgreSQL, Microsoft SQL Server Enterprise 2008/2012, SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services), SSIS (SQL Server Integrations Services), and SSAS.
Created multiple reports in SSRS to present insurance claims data, claims types and claims amount to perform gap analysis.
Implemented Teradata RDBMS analysis with Business Objects to develop reports, interactive drill charts, balanced scorecards and dynamic Dashboards.
Involved in understanding tech reporting requirements and providing Tableau reporting solutions.
Develop, maintain and document highly visualized comprehensive dashboards using Tableau.
Gather data from multiple sources, clean the data, analyze and generate reports using SAS Studio, SAS Enterprise guide, BigML, Alteryx and Proc SQL.
Developed Auto retrieval and insertion of NOSQL data using PyMongo and MongoDB with Python programming.
Set up Azure Repo and Pipelines for CI/CD deployment of objects.
Migrate and Convert existing ETL packages from Legacy systems into new Azure Data Factory, to load data into Azure Data Warehouse. Migrate on premise SSAS to Azure Analysis Services AAS .
Customized Salesforce CRM beyond native functionality with VisualForce and Apex code according the requirements.
Creating or modifying Database instances and Micro strategy Database User Configurations for new projects or existing projects.
Designing, configuring, implementing & supporting complex SAP’s BW solutions, front-end to back-end, designing, implementing & supporting complex extraction, transformation and loading of SAP BW Data. Warehouse and Designing and developing reports using BW.
Built data pipelines for reporting, alerting, and data mining.
Migrated reports from Cognos 8.4 to Cognos 10.1 environments. Validated the migrated metadata models and reports in Cognos 10.1 environment.
Worked on Key performance Indicators (KPIs), design of star schema and snowflake schema in Analysis Services (SSAS).
Designed, developed and maintained for Credit Aggregation System CAS ETRM, a Credit Risk management and Collateral management system. CAS is a client-server PowerBuilder application with PowerTool application architecture tool on Oracle database. CAS is used for managing and reporting the business counterparty summarized exposure amount, counterparty credit ratings
Involved in Tableau Licensing and Installation.
Worked on Tableau Metadata tables and Postgre SQL.
Widely used Informatica client tools -- Source Analyzer, Warehouse designer, Mapping designer, Transformation Developer and Informatica Work Flow Manager. Used Repository Manager for deploying the developed objects
Troubleshot Framework Manager Model which is migrated from Impromptu Catalog.
Worked on creating different Power BI (Dashboard reports), Crystal reports, SSRS using MS SQL server. Integration of SSRS Reports with Visual Studio .NET and writing queries with grouping, sub-grouping, formatting, conditional formatting, and creating complex formulas.
Monitored mart load alerts and supported in resolving the issues when mart run fails which is notified to the team using SSIS error notification emails.
Used various SSIS transformations to pull the data from source and load them into different destinations such as ORACLE, OLEDB tables etc.
Used SSIS templates, which includes header and footer as default structures to be available for easy development of a SSIS packages by configuring the data flow.
Environment: Microsoft SQL Server 2019/2017/2014/2012/2008R2/2008, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, Snowflake, C#.NET, Microsoft Azure, SAP BW warehouse, Alteryx, Salesforce CRM, Data Mining, Micro strategy, MS Access, ODBC, Oracle 11g, PL/SQL, VBA, Informatica Teradata 14.0, MS Office 2013, Micro-Strategy, Tableau, Power BI, Crystal reports, T-SQL, Python, PostgreSQL.

Walgreens, Deerfield, IL Jan 2020 – April 2021
Sr. SQL/Power BI Admin

Responsibilities:
Involved in complete software development life cycle (SDLC) process by analyzing business requirements and understanding the functional work flow of information from source systems to destination systems.
Developed SSIS packages that can extract data from various sources and merge them into one only source for Power BI reports.
Designed and developed SSIS Packages to import and export data from MS Excel, SQL Server 2012/2014 and Flat files. Expertise in Client-Server application development using Oracle 11g/10g/9i/8i, PL/SQL, SQL *PLUS.
Worked in the Enterprise Data & Analytics department to create data visualizations, analysis and statistical modelling using the programming language R and python.
Responsible for gathering the requirements by coordinating with the business analysts, developers and project managers, in order to better customize, and utilize the full functionality of the Salesforce.com CRM solution.
Managed teh privacy and security environments of healthcare data that was governed by HIPAA and other government mandates.
Proficient in using Azure DevOps Services for project management tasks, source code repository, continuous integration and deployment.
Involved for collecting and documenting business requirements from end clients and translating them into report specifications for the Micro Strategy platform.
Designed and developed ETL workflows and datasets in Alteryx.
Created data marts and multi-dimensional models like Star schema and Snowflake schema.
Utilized data mining and classification algorithms, in association with Data Scientists to identify hidden patterns and build.
Designed and created OLAP cubes on data warehouse.
Helped team achieve technical excellence by promoting CI/CD and other Agile methodologies.
Wrote VBA codes for automated transferring of data between spreadsheets and workbooks
Validating & troubleshooting migrated metadata models and reports in Cognos 10.1/8.4 environment.
Configured Capacity settings to assign users as Capacity Admins per capacity during initial setup of the capacity and later via User Permissions within the Premium settings.
Involved in complete SSIS life cycle in creating SSIS packages, building, deploying and executing the packages in both the environments (Development and Production). Used various Transformations in SSIS Dataflow, Control Flow using for loop Containers and Fuzzy Lookups etc.
Migrated Cognos objects from DEV - > QA - > PROD and Optimized Cube performance to improve the report run time.
Environment: MS Access (VBA), MS Excel (VBA), PowerBI, SQL Server, Visual Basics for Application, Tableau, T-SQL
Implemented Azure DevOps Services for project management tasks, source code repository, continuous integration and deployment.
Created a DB instances for Micro strategy and added all the tables, table prefixes and updated the table structure required for the Project.
Administrated and monitored the company's Salesforce CRM application. Created the workflows for automated lead routing, lead escalation and email alert.
Data Marts, Data Warehouses, Dashboards, Reports, and Data Mining by applying the latest technologies to translate business needs into user - friendly actionable insights.
Skillful in using Power BI features such as bookmarks, selection pane, and drill-down drill-through.
Created Power BI Apps using REST API and integrated with Power BI reports & dashboards.
Involved in ETL architecture enhancements to increase the performance using query optimizer. Used star schema in designing data marts for creating SSISETL packages.
Installed, and Documented the Informatica Power Center setup on multiple environments.
Worked extensively on replicating the Metro-PCS Commissions system which was implemented in SQL BI into Oracle PL/SQL and Informatica by utilizing both of my skillsets.
Developed Complex database objects like Stored Procedures, Functions, Packages and Triggers using SQL and PL/SQL. Developed PL/SQL triggers and master tables for automatic creation of primary keys.
Implemented Event Handlers and Error Handling in SSIS packages.
Involved in scheduling, creating snapshots and subscriptions for the reports using SSRS 2012.
Implemented Row level security for user Authentication in Power BI.
Created many calculated columns and measures using DAX in Power BI based on report requirements.
Involved in UI Design for Power BI Reports and designed effective layouts.
Created effective reports using visualizations such as Bar chart, Clustered Column Chart, Waterfall Chart, Gauge, Pie Chart, Tree map etc. in Power BI.
Worked as Power BI Service Administrator.
Created effective Dashboards in Power BI Service and made the reports user friendly and interactive.
Configured the loading of data into slowly changing dimensions using slowly Changing Dimension wizard.
Designed and created Report templates, bar graphs and pie charts based on the Telecom/sales data.
Involved in designing Parameterized Reports for generating Ad-Hoc reports as per the client requirements.
Designed and built SSAS complex cubes which include millions of records which were complex and deployed them. OLAP model based on Dimension and FACTS for efficient loads of data based on Star Schema structure on levels of reports using multi-dimensional models such as Star Schemas and Snowflake Schema for developing Cubes using MDX.
Conducted data import and export operations using the DTS wizard. Coordinated with front-end for implementing logic in stored procedures and functions.
Involved in writing complex SQL Queries, Stored Procedures, Triggers, Views, Cursors, Joins, Constraints, DDL, DML and User Defined Functions to implement the business logic and also created clustered and non-clustered indexes.
As a part of Power BI Administration, configured Usage metrics, Users, Audit logs, Tenant settings, Dashboard settings, Power BI Apps settings, Power BI premium and Premium Capacity settings.
Monitored mart load alerts and supported in resolving the issues when mart run fails which is notified to the team using SSIS error notification emails.
Used various SSIS transformations to pull the data from source and load them into different destinations such as ORACLE, OLEDB tables etc.
Used SSIS templates, which includes header and footer as default structures to be available for easy development of a SSIS packages by configuring the data flow.
Worked with different source control systems like TFS and GIT, which are integrated with IDE to maintain shared environment for code and deployments within the team.
Built advanced predictive models in SAS using regression analytics to analyze campaign Efficiency, Integrated/Bundle Sales, Cross Sell/Up Sell and agent participation rate for sales performance analytics purposes.

Environment: Microsoft SQL Server 2014/2012/2008R2/2008, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, Snowflake, (Multidimensional and Tabular Models), Azure DevOps, HIPAA, Salesforce CRM, Informatica, Data Mining, Micro strategy, C#.NET, Microsoft Azure, MS Access, ODBC, Oracle 11g, PL/SQL, VBA, Alteryx, Teradata 14.0, SAS Enterprise Guide, R-Studio, MS Office 2013, Micro-Strategy, Tableau, Power BI, T-SQL, R, Python, Base SAS Programming.

Swift, Culpeper, VA Oct 2018 – Jan 2020
SQL/Power BI Developer
Responsibilities:
Writing advanced/complex T-SQL queries, analyzing existing stored procedures and recommending modifications for efficiency gains.
Used SQL Server 2012 tools like SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Server Profiler, and SQL Server Visual Studio. Used T-SQL in constructing User Functions, CTE’s, Views, Indexes, User Profiles, Relational Database Models, Data Dictionaries and Data Integrity.
Created Table Reports, Matrix Reports, Parameterized Reports, Sub-reports, Charts, and Grids using SQL Server Reporting Services 2012.
Conducted investigative projects utilizing Python for data analysis and machine learning.
Automated monthly reports using Python, which help save man hours.
Formulated DAX Expressions create Date to yearly columns and implemented partitions in Tabular Models for Power BI.
Used Alteryx for Data Preparation and then Tableau for Visualization and Reporting.
Processed data in Alteryx to create TDE for tableau reporting.
Analyzed and developed Application Objects (Metrics, Reports, Documents, filters, prompts) using MicroStrategy Desktop and MicroStrategy web interfaces.
Hands on in Designing, maintaining and building Cubes, Dimensions, and Data source views, data mining Models, Deployment and Processing using SSAS.
Created Dynamic Charts/Graphs in MS Excel and MS Access using VBA
Migrated Cubes to Cognos 8 BI, created externalized Query Subject to create Impromptu Query Definition (IQD) files to use as source in building Powerplay Transformer cubes and used as a cube data source to create a package.
Performed tuning of Informatica (sources, mappings, targets and sessions) and tuning the SQL queries.
Created measures, calculated columns and performed time series analysis using DAX in Power BI
Effectively used data blending, filters, actions, and hierarchies feature in Power BI.
Analyzed the data using Statistical features in Power BI to develop trend analysis and published the reports on the Power BI Services.
Created VBA programs to automatically update Excel workbooks, encompassing class and program modules and external data queries.
Developed calculated columns and measures using DAX in Power BI
Used the tabular model cubes as the source in Power BI to visualize the data.
Created Dashboards, Line Charts, Trend Graphs using Tableau Desktop 2018.1/2019.1. Testing Packages and fixing bugs using SQL 2012 Business Intelligence Development Studio. Scheduling and executing SSIS Packages, using SQL Server Agent.
Creating SSIS package to import data from SQL tables to different sheets in Excel.
Optimizing the performance of queries with modifications in T-SQL queries, removed unnecessary columns, eliminated redundant and inconsistent data, established joins and created indexes.
Participated in the configuration of on-premises Power BI gateway to refresh datasets of Power BI reports and dashboards.
Worked with Power BI mobile app and created mobile layouts to view reports and dashboards effectively. Installed On premise data gateway and scheduled daily data refresh in Power BI.
Involved in Performance tuning of SQL queries & stored procedures using SQL Profiler and Index Tuning Wizard.
Used C# and VB Scripts in ETL Packages where ever necessary. Worked in an agile scrum methodology. Used various SSIS tasks such as Conditional Split, Derived Column, which were used for Data Scrubbing, data validation checks during Staging, before loading the data into the Data warehouse. Scheduling the jobs to run for ETL using SQL Server Agent.
Worked on writing the T-SQL code for the historical data to pull according to the requirement. Debugging PL/SQL packages to troubleshoot issues. Writing (Back-end) PL/SQL code to implement business rules through triggers, cursors, procedures, functions, and packages using SQL*Plus Editor and Played roles like production support of SSIS and SSRS jobs.
Designing of deployment scheme for migrating SSIS package from Development to Test to UAT and Production by using the configuration files. Implemented Complex business logic with User-Defined-Functions, Index Views and also created User Defined Data type, Clustered & Non-clustered Indexes.
Worked on Incremental Loads using concepts like Checksum and Column to Column compare.
Assisted Testing teams in Regression testing and Black box testing, Participated in Navigation testing, Smoke testing and UAT of each build during the various phases of the application.
Interfaces with Business users and Technical SMEs to clarify requirements, review design, test case and UAT and deployment. Design fact and dimension tables. Use of SharePoint 2010 and TFS to store all the related work and report the same by creating Tasks in TFS.

Environment: MS SQL Server 2016/2012, PL/SQL, VBA, Alteryx, Informatica Microsoft Visual Studio 2016, BIDS, SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Micro strategy, Tableau Desktop 2018.1/2019.1, SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS), Microsoft SharePoint Server, Team Foundation Server.

Ford Motors Company, Dearborn, MI Jan 2017 – Sep 2018
MSBI / SQL Developer

Responsibilities:
Created SQL Server Reports based on the requirements using SSRS 2012,2014.
Scheduling the SSIS packages and Jobs.
Involved in analysis of Report design requirements and actively participated and interacted with Team Lead, Technical Manager and Lead Business Analyst to understand the Business requirements.
Installing SQL Server 2014 patches and upgrades, including both standalone and clustered environments of production, test and development.
Troubleshooting performance issues and fine-tuning queries and stored procedures.
Developed Complex Stored Procedures, Views and Temporary Tables as per the requirement.
Migrated DTS packages from SQL Server 2008R2 to SQL Server 2012 as SSIS packages.
Involved in optimizing Cube structure to tune MDX query performance in Analysis Services 2008R2/2008 (SSAS).
Worked on OLAP Data warehouse, Model, Design, and Implementation.
Developed reports like Claim Statements, Fee Bills Transactions and some end request user reports on periodic basis with drop down menu option having complex groupings within the report.
Designed, Build the Dimensions, cubes with star schema using SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS).
Rendering the reports to PDF formats as per the requirement and printing all the reports in a batch process for Monthly Statements.
Designed complex SSAS solutions using multiple dimensions, perspectives, hierarchies, measures groups and KPIs to analyze performance of Strategic Business Units as well as corporate centers.

Environment: Windows server 2003, IIS 6.0, MS SQL Server-2014/2012/2010/2008/2005 Enterprise Edition, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, T-SQL, DTS, SQL Profiler, Erwin VB.NET, OLAP, OLTP, Erwin, Performance Point Sever, Office-2007, MS Excel, C#.NET, ProClarity Analysis.

Cognizant Technologies, India Jul 2014 – NOV 2016
SQL Developer
Responsibilities:
•Created complex SQL stored procedures, Triggers, Functions, Views, Indexes in SQL Server 2008R2.
•Configured SSIS packages using Package configuration wizard to allow Packages run on different environments.
•Used SSIS to create ETL packages to validate, extract, transform and load data to data warehouse databases, data mart databases. Create Different types of reports based on customer Request.
•Coordinated with business users in gathering business requirements and translating them to technical specifications. Create Sub Reports and Drill-Through Reports and developer them to share Point Server.
•Created Jobs Performance report that queries system tables to track the duration of each job and weekly-average duration using SSRS. Created usage-based aggregations in cube to minimize time for query retrieval.
•Worked on performance tuning to Test the
Contact this candidate