Teye, Daniel kwaku
Email: ad52n8@r.postjobfree.com Tel: 615-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
I am a dynamic and motivated BI Developer with over 7 years’ experience in design, analysis, development, and implementation of various application environment using BI tools, looking for an organization where I will be given the opportunity to apply my skills, knowledge and competence acquired to meet the organizational goals as well as continue to develop my skill set as an asset to the company in the long term. I am also an expert in designing and creating various analytical reports and dashboards to help users to identify critical KPI’s and facilitate strategic planning in an organization.
SKILLS
SQL, Microsoft Excel, Alteryx, Power BI, Looker, Tableau, Tableau Server, DOMO, Quicksight, JIRA, Remedy, DA2.
MS SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL, Google Sheets, PostgreSQL, Salesforce, Snowflake, AMS, ODBC, HealtheIntent, HealtheAnalytics, EPIC
Data Warehousing, Data modeling, Data mining, Data cleansing
Data Technologies, Data Structures
Data Science Research Methods
Research Data Management
Statistical Computing Methods
Data Visualization
Staff/ Team Management
Leadership Development
Change Management
Problem Solving and Critical Thinking
Communication and Presentation Skills
Business Requirement Gathering
ETL Processes
Strong Collaboration and relationship building ability
Excellent written and verbal communication s

WORK EXPERIENCE
McKesson Specialty - Tableau developer/Analyst
May 2020 –Now
Develops various Tableau dashboards and analytical reports and solutions for marketing efforts on medical products and business groups.
Analyzing data from various databases and formatting into graphs using tableau desktop.
Creating various reports using tableau desktop per business requirements.
Developing dashboards utilizing tableau functionalities such as Set, Parameters, Calculated fields, Filters and Groups.
Responsible for developing, maintaining, and managing advanced reporting, analytics, and other BI solutions.
Communicating insights in a format that allows management make strategic decisions using Tableau/Power BI reports
Involved in generating daily/weekly and finance trending reports using tableau by identifying the dimensions, measures and LOD for business analytics and top executives to give an overview of current trends.
Working with team of developers to design and develop solutions on various marketing and campaign KPI’s.
Responsible for the design and development of data warehouse, analytics, and visualization to meet the bigger needs of the business.
Uses Trend lines, Reference lines and statistical techniques to describe data. · Developing and enhancing reports connecting to single or multiple data sources to improve performance.
Developing parameter and dimension-based reports, drill down reports, charts and tabular reports using tableau desktop.

Saks Fifth Avenue – Tableau Developer
March 2015–March 2020
Used Tableau prep/Alteryx to Extract, Transform and Load data into stage area and data warehouse.
Developed various Tableau dashboards and analytical reports and solutions on retails products and business.
Research, Plan, recommend and implement dashboards and data visualization in Tableau to meet the organization’s business requirement.
Create tableau dashboards using, Bar graph, Scatter plots, trends, geographical maps, and Line/Pie Chats
Developed tableau workbook from multiple data sources. · Developed Tableau data visualization using cross tabs, Scatter plots, geographic Map, Pie Charts and Bar Charts.
Responsible for creating Calculated fields, Combined fields, Bins, and Hierarchies using Tableau Desktop.
Implemented data Blending to blend related date from different sources.
Involved in Creating dual-axis bar chart with multiple measures.
Created design specifications to meet functional and business requirement.
Provided reporting, analysis and insight about Sales drivers and key revenue performance matrix to support corporate analytics.
Used LOD functions like Fixed, include and Exclude to show revenue shrink and financial debts at different granularities such as Region, State and Store.

EDUCATION
All Nations University Ghana
2005 - 2009 BSc Computer Science

Institute of Professional Studies Ghana
2001 - 2005 ACCA

CERTIFICATION
Tableau Desktop Specialist
Alteryx Foundation Micro Crendential
Alteryx Designer Core
Alteryx Designer Advanced
Scrum Master
Comptia Security +

REFERENCES

Available upon Request
Contact this candidate