Shokhi Goel
Lead BI Analyst at BMC SoŌware
Highly skiled and results-driven Data Analyst with 9 years of experience in uƟlizing Tableau, Power BI, SAP BO and Alteryx to extract valuable insights from complex datasets. Proﬁcient in data visualizaƟon, staƟsƟcal analysis, and data manipulaƟon to facilitate data-driven decision-making.
Seeking to contribute experƟse in data analysis and visualizaƟon to drive business success and strategic iniƟaƟves.
+91-902*******
ad5yw7@r.postjobfree.com
Pune, MH
+91-902*******
Tata Consultancy
Services
Cyient Limited
Barclays Investment
Bank
BMC SoŌware Jan 22-Til Date
Oct 19-Dec 21
Sep 14-Jul 18
Jul 18-Oct 19
Beginner Intermediate Advanced
Tableau
Power BI
Alteryx
MS Excel
SQL
Skil Set
Career Outline
● Strong experience in using advanced analyƟcs tools like Alteryx, Tableau, PowerBI & SAP BO
● Proﬁcient in understanding customer’s needs, alowing for quick, accurate and complete informaƟon to be gleaned from various databases.
● Conducted data cleansing, transformaƟon, and aggregaƟon to ensure data accuracy and consistency.
● Problem solver with strong analyƟcal skils, aƩenƟon to details & ability to perform root cause analysis.
● Proven track record of successfuly developing reports, resolving issues and an eﬀecƟve Team Player.
● Tableau & Power BI development: CreaƟng and managing reports as per business requirements & write custom SQL whenever necessary.
● Alteryx Designer: Worked in automaƟon projects, connected the workﬂow with mulƟple data sources & found the soluƟon to connect if no direct way is present.
● Colaborate eﬀecƟvely with cross-funcƟonal teams, including data analysts, data engineers, and business stakeholders.
● Provided Tableau training to end-users to enhance self-service analyƟcs capabiliƟes.
● Built client relaƟonships, gathering requirements, devising approach, translaƟng business needs into analyƟcs, creaƟng interacƟve dashboards, helping business with useful insights. My Timeline
CerƟﬁcaƟon
Alteryx Designer Core v2021
Shokhi Goel
Lead BI Analyst at BMC SoŌware
Highly skiled and results-driven Data Analyst with 5+ years of experience in uƟlizing Tableau, Power BI, and Alteryx to extract valuable insights from complex datasets. Proﬁcient in data visualizaƟon, staƟsƟcal analysis, and data manipulaƟon to facilitate data-driven decision-making.
Seeking to contribute experƟse in data analysis and visualizaƟon to drive business success and strategic iniƟaƟves.
+91-902*******
ad5yw7@r.postjobfree.com
Pune, MH
+91-902*******
● Managed and directed smal operaƟon teams to achieve business targets, assist in developing or updaƟng standard operaƟng procedures for al business operaƟonal acƟviƟes.
● Colaborated with stakeholders to ensure the accuracy and relevance of data visualizaƟons.
● Developed mulƟple dashboards including Market VolaƟlity Dashboard where involved in the complete development & deployment of Dashboard.
● Created dynamic batch scripts to move, copy, delete the data from one folder to another & include those in Alteryx workﬂows
● Used ETL tool like Alteryx to reﬁne the data in the format acceptable by Tableau.
● Worked in AutomaƟon projects to reduce the Ɵme & manual eﬀorts using Alteryx. Lead BI Analyst
Jan 2022 - Til Date
Assistant Manager
Oct 2019-Dec 2021
Senior System Analyst
Jul 2018-Oct 2019
Senior System Analyst
Sep 2014-Jul 2018
● Analyzed client data and integraƟng the data as per requirement
● Worked on criƟcal conﬁdenƟal data like Finance Data, Admin Data, HR Dashboard, Project Management/Status etc.
● Developed Tableau workbooks from mulƟple data sources using Data Blending.
● Built dashboards with ﬂoaƟng objects and capitalizing the various dashboard acƟons features like URL and ﬁlters.
● Deﬁne & create acƟonable KPIs, producƟon-quality dashboards & provides insights & recommendaƟons.
● Worked in mulƟdisciplinary teams to use their data for analysis and visualisaƟon.
● Worked as a primary point of contact for clients/users and onsite delivery teams.
● Created acƟon ﬁlters, parameters and calculated sets for preparing dashboards and worksheets in Tableau.
● Structured the dashboard with a consistent layout with visuals chart at the top and corresponding crosstab data at the boƩom.
● Built SQL queries in SAP BO Designer to fetch the data from database
● Responsible to maintain the reports and improved as business condiƟons and prioriƟes change.
● Interacted with Business owners, Business users to know their Business requirements in developing and modifying reports accordingly in Tableau and/or Power BI.
● Worked on project of migraƟon of reports from Tableau to Power BI single-handedly.
● Implemented data transformaƟons and data modeling using DAX to opƟmize data analysis.
● Created Leaves Tracker in Tableau which does look like the outlook calendar. It is being monitored by leadership.
● Managing end to end deliverables of the project & provide recommendaƟons to stakeholders while adhering to their Ɵmelines and expectaƟons
● ConnecƟng the dots from disparate informaƟon streams (e.g. extracts from client system, management reports etc.) and turning them into structured data that can be analyzed as part of a project to provide greater insight to our stakeholders.
● Responsible to maintain the reports and improved as business condiƟons and prioriƟes change. Roles and ResponsibiliƟes:
Contact this candidate