SANDEEP KUMAR MOLUGU
408-***-****
ad637y@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY

14+ years of IT experience, quick learner, easily adapts to various environments and very effective communication and interpersonal skills.
7+ years of data visualization experience using Tableau.
Expertise in Tableau 7, 8, 8.3 & 9.0, 2018.1, 2018.2 & 2019.2, 2020.4
Hands on experience on Tableau Desktop versions 7/8.2, Tableau Reader and Tableau Server
Involved in trouble shooting of performance issues which were associated with Tableau reports.
Involved in admin activities as setting permissions, managing ownerships, providing access to the users and adding them to the specific group and scheduled instances for reports in Tableau Server
Design Dashboards with best practices for optimum performance.
Proficient in publishing and distribution of Tableau content at enterprise level
Experience creating sites and security folders and user management with Windows AD groups.
Config Salesforce.com, sparkler for Tableau Integration, via SAML authentication
Identified all reports/Dashboards on SAP Business Objects and replicated the same on Tableau 9.0
8+ years of experience in Business Objects XI 4.2/4.1/4.0/XI R3/R2/6.X, Business Objects IDT, Universe Designer, Reporter, Central Management Console, BI Launchpad, InfoView and Web-Intelligence Rich Client.
Strong knowledge in overall BO XIR2/3.0/3.1/4.0/4.1/4.2 application architecture and able to Design, Deploy, Support the application architecture.
Good Understanding of Process Flows within the Enterprise Architecture for different user request.
Experience in installation, administration and upgrading versions of BO both desktop and server products on both Windows and UNIX environments.
Experience working with Single Sign On (SSO) for Business Objects Enterprise.
Involved in designing Universe and creating reports web intelligence and Desktop Intelligence report.
Experienced in migration of Business Objects 6.5.1 Enterprise to XI R2/3.1.4.0.
Well versed in Business Objects with experience in Supervisor, Designer, Reporter, BCA (Publisher and Scheduler), Web Intelligence 2.5/2.6.1/6.0, Info view, Dashboards, Auditor and Schema Design.
Good knowledge and experience in using Querying and Reporting modules of Business Objects Enterprise XI and Crystal Reports.
Developed Databricks notebooks using Python (PySpark) and SparkSQL for transforming data stored in Azure Data Lake Storage Gen2 across various zones.
In-depth knowledge in creation of Dashboards using Crystal Xcelsius and Dashboard manager.
Good understanding on Apache Zookeeper and Kafka for monitoring and managing Hadoop jobs and using Cloudera CDH4, and CDH5 for monitoring and managing Hadoop clusters.
Good working experience on Spark (Spark Core Component, Spark SQL, Spark Streaming, Spark MLlib, Spark GraphX, SparkR) with Scala and Kafka.
Integrated DBT with data warehouse technologies such as Snowflake, Big Query, or Redshift to leverage their capabilities for efficient data processing and storage.
Expertise in retrieving data using Business Objects Universes, personal data files, stored procedures, and free hand SQL methods. Solid knowledge of SQL and PL/SQL.
Good knowledge and experience in using Oracle 9i/10g/11g/12c/RAC, Teradata, MS SQL Server 2000/2005, Cloudera Hadoop, Impala, Hive, Amazon Redshift, DataBricks, Snowflake, Data Lake

Technical Skills:

Cloud Technologies
Amazon Web Services, Azure Data Factory (ADF), Azure Databricks
Tools
MySQL, MS Access, DB2, Azure SQL Server, Azure Synapse, SQL server, MS SQL Server 2016-2008 R2, PuTTY
Big Data Technologies
HDFS, Sqoop, PySpark, Data Lake, Redshift, Spark, Hive, Impala
Data Modeling Tools
Toad Data Modeler, SQL Server Management Studio, MS Visio, SAP Power designer
Databases
MySQL, Oracle, MS Access 2016/2010, Hive, MS SQL Server, Amazon Redshift, Azure SQL Database, snowflake, PostgreSQL, Teradata
Reporting Tools
Tableau, SAP Business Objects, PowerBI
Languages
SparkSQL, SQL, PySpark, R, Spark, Scala, Bash, PowerShell
Operating Systems
Windows Server 2012 R2/2016, UNIX
Data Warehousing
Snowflake, Redshift, Teradata
Version Control
GIT, GitHub
Data Visualization
Power Bi, Tableau.

WORK EXPERIENCE

BCBSM (Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan), Detroit. MI July 2019 – Current
Sr. Software Engineer (BI Architect & SME)

Designed and developed data models needed for the Dashboards in Hive/Impala
Developed Dashboards involving lot of calculated fields derived from Data Sources
Developed Clinical Quality Dashboards for Performance and Improvements scorecards of Physicians’ offices.
Extensively worked on migrating the Tableau Dashboards from Cloudera to Amazon Redshift/DataBricks
Created the tables that are used in Dashboards as data sources in Redshift/DataBricks
Involved in the creation of ODH (Operational Data Hub for DataBricks) & ADH (Analytical Data Hub for Redshift) Data Models
Created the Data Models in Redshift/DataBricks as part of the Project requirement for Dashboards.
Performed extensive GAP analysis in the project as there were numerous 'As-Is' and 'To-Be' conditions.
Building, publishing customized interactive reports and dashboards, report scheduling using Tableau server.
Developed Tableau visualizations and dashboards using Tableau Desktop.
Developed Tableau workbooks from multiple data sources using Data Blending.
Developed Tableau workbooks to perform year over year, quarter over quarter, YTD, QTD and MTD type of analysis.
Tested, Cleaned, and Standardized Data to meet the business standards using Execute SQL task, Conditional Split, Data Conversion, and Derived column in different environments.
Interacted with the existing database developers and DBA to understand the existing schema.
Thorough analysis, unit testing and integrated testing with other applications of database objects & T-SQL statements before deployment to the production server.
Conducted presentations to other lines of business as a meta role to show value of Tableau as a BI tool
Kept track of own work effort with lean project management on Kanban board
Designing data model from scratch to aid team in data collection to be used for Tableau visuals
Build Hospital, Clinical Region and System related information with advanced Vizs
Consult with clients and internal stakeholders to gather requirements and plan milestones in the research, development, and implementation phases of the project lifecycle.
Developed Data Modelling/Tableau Dashboards on Hadoop for Senior Health Services
Designed and managed ETL pipelines leveraging tools such as Logic Apps, Python, Spark, DBT
Developed Notebooks in Databricks for data extraction, transformation, and loading (ETL) of various file formats into Azure Data Lake and external data warehouses.

Healthcare & Family Services (State of Illinois), Springfield. IL Feb 2015 – June 2019
Sr. BI Architect (Tableau & Business Objects)

Have good exposure to EPIC tool.
Integrating Tableau with SFDC, with sparkler configuration
Building Tableau dashboards and setting up user security
Ability to convert SAP BOBJ reports to Tableau environment.
Moving code across Tableau Landscape and create Tableau DataSource to cater for all generic needs.
Experience working with users to discuss/understand KPI data for reporting requirements.
Gathering Visualization requirements from Business user community
Security setup of Roles and AD groups in Tableau
Admin Tasks- Debug, performance tuning, upgrades and patches
Creating Projects and user groups and managing Tableau content
Ability to design Data sources from SAP HANA sources to give self-service ability to users.
Propose SAP HANA modelling changing as per Tableau reporting requirements.
Build Hospital, Clinical Region and System related information with advanced Vizs.
Interact with SAP HANA and SFDC teams for Data Integration testing.
Integrating Tableau Viz with SFDC pages
Experience with Tableau configuration and System setup and Tableau security integration with SAML
Ability to create Visualforce Pages, Custom Links and Canvas in Salesforce, and embed Tableau Viz
Experience with Load testing of Tableau server with huge Data volumes
Implemented Automation of Business Objects report scheduling using Publications.
Updates to Business Objects Universes, which suits the standard, analytical and ad-hoc reporting requirements of the Business Objects users.
Effectively administered and supervised the Business Objects (SAP BI) environment by monitoring/granting permissions and rights to users for viewing, creating and publishing reports.
Worked on Business Objects Security Model and Business Objects Security Implementation (Row level, Object level, Command level).
Worked on Informatica PowerCenter for creating mappings, sessions & workflows to load the data into reporting tables.
Data connections to the dashboards were accomplished through BI Web Services.
Tuned the reports for better performance using SQL.
Scheduling of different WEBI Reports and showing the reports in different format e.g., Microsoft Excel, PDF and Web Intelligence.
Created Complex Reports in Webi4.2
Created Web Intelligence reports with multiple data providers like Universes, Excel Files
Manually performed System Testing, Regression Testing and Functional Testing. Generated Test data for identifying valid data, Invalid data, Partial data, and Bad data using SQL in Teradata.
Developed SQL programs on Teradata SQL Assistant to perform Unit test on WebI Reports.

Department of Agriculture, Kansas City, MO Oct 2014 – Jan 2015
Sr. Business Objects Developer

Involved in gathering, analyzing, and documenting business requirements, functional requirements and data specifications for Business Objects Universes and Crystal Reports.
Design and Development of Business Objects Universes, which suits the standard, analytical and ad-hoc reporting requirements of the Business Objects users.
Used the Functionality of Sections and Breaks in most of the reports.
Created Reports that required Folding and Unfolding.
Use of Input Controls was also used in every report.
Involved in the troubleshooting of universe schema with loops, chasm and fan traps, and cardinality problems.
Implemented Row level and Object Level security as per the user requirement.
Data connections to the dashboards were accomplished through BI Web Services.
Created Interactive Dashboard using Dashboard Designer4.0.
Created templates to generate different styles of reports, which are not, belong to Business Objects standard documents.
Tuned the reports for better performance using SQL.
Created various 3D pie charts, Pie charts, Bar Charts, Line Charts.
Scheduling of different WEBI Reports and showing the reports in different format e.g. Microsoft Excel, PDF and Web Intelligence as per the Mockup Requirement.
Regression Testing of the reports in Dev and Test environment and Scheduling of reports in info view.
Check the integrity of the Universes and export the universes to Repository for making available to users.
Regularly took back of reports and Universe using Import Wizard and creating BIAR files.
Interacted with Business Objects technical team to get the resolution of problems / bugs in Business Objects.
Involved in making PAD (Physical Application Document), and also SRD (System Required Document) while working with Data Analyst.
Created Complex Reports in Webi4.0
Involved in transferring the data between Flat Files into Database Tables
Used multi value components like line charts, bar charts, stacked column charts and combination charts, and single value components like gauge, slider, dial and progress bars in the development of the Dashboards.
Installed Web intelligence on the server and configured the IIS console to define the paths & aliases necessary to run WEBI.
Debugged issues which resulted from Migration. Provided support in enhancement and maintenance of the Reports and Universes
Created new Universes and fine-tuned existing ones by resolving join problems, setting up aggregate awareness, defining hierarchies, cascading LOV, @Functions and more.
Created universe on top of views build in composite coming from multiple data sources.
Created Multiple Custom Hierarchies for several groups to provide drill across functionality.
Converted reports from desktop Intelligence to web intelligence using Report conversion tool and manual conversion method.
Extensively Designed & Deployed System Reports, Custom Reports, User Report, Ad Hoc Queries by incorporating the functionalities of Sort and Drill Down.
Designed and Developed WebI Reports using the features like Master/Detail, Charts, Cross Tabs, Slice and Dice, Drill Down, @Functions and Formulae to analyze the data.
Created Web Intelligence reports with multiple data providers like Universes, Personal Data Files and free-hand SQL.
Manually performed System Testing, Regression Testing and Functional Testing. Generated Test data for identifying valid data, Invalid data, Partial data, and Bad data using SQL in SQL Server.
Developed SQL programs on SQL Assistant to perform Unit test on WebI Reports.

Ciber ITO (SAVVIS) Edison, NJ May 2012 – Dec 2012 Business Objects Developer

Involved in production support, dealt with daily issues faced by users and resolved them.
Created several WebI reports and DeskI reports for finance department.
Designed Universe by creating the SAP Business Objects data model selecting and providing joins between the tables, indicating cardinalities.
Created reports using SAP Business Objects functionalities i.e., slice and dice, drill down, cross tab, alerter and formulas etc.
Scheduled daily, weekly and monthly reports using events, creating calendars.
Involved in migrating from XI R2 to XI R3.1 also tested the reports after migration.
Worked on Basic SAS reporting system to retrieve data from SAS data sources and delimited flat files.
Created detailed WebI reports and linked them to Xcelsius with the help of OpenDoc.
Used context operators like In, For Each, For All in WebI reports in order to meet the business requirements, Created Web Intelligence reports ad-hoc and canned reports.
Migrated universes and reports from Dev/QA to production using Import Wizard
Created report designing documents for further reference.
Tuning the queries to improve the performance of the report refresh time.
Created complex variables and calculation to meet the user requirements.
Worked with offshore team and coordinated with them as onsite coordinator.
Interacted with customer support regularly, to resolve the existing issues and generated the required reports.
Involved in creating reports such as schedule of investments, statement of assets and liabilities, statement of operations, statements of changes in net assets, financial highlights and other reports.

Philips Respironics, Pittsburgh Dec 2010 – Apr 2011 Business Objects & Crystal Reports Developer

Involved in the creation of various report formats including master/detail reports, sub reports and cross tab reports and published them via the Crystal Enterprise
Created dashboards with live streaming of data using Web Service connection (WSDL) in Xcelsius
OpenDoc command and usage of Flash variables within Xcelsius
Created detailed Web Intelligence reports and linked them to open in Xcelsius with the help of Open Document function
Developed reports with multiple parameter fields and multiple grouping for various hierarchy levels
Involved in setting up users and assigning privileges to these users to meet security requirements
Created universes from multiple data sources which were coming from different databases
Created predefined conditions, prompts and custom hierarchies in the process of building the universes
Resolved issues like loops by creating aliases and contexts as required removing the cyclic dependencies
Exported the universes to dev, test and prod domains to make resources available to the users
Created repository using supervisor, created users and groups, assigned rights to users and groups
Created universes, classes and objects for management systems
Resolving loops using aliases and contexts and check integrity of the universe and exported them to the Repository to make resources available to the users and groups lM
Updated and maintained Universes based on changing user requirements and data source changes
Developed and deployed complex reports. Used multiple data providers, union, intersection, minus and master/detail, cross tab, charts
Created templates for standardizing the structure of our corporate documents
Worked extensively with the major functionalities of SAP BusinessObjects like breaks, alerter, filters, sorts, query prompt and drill filters
Created Report level variables by using used variable editor
Analyzed the reports using the drill through, slice and dice, created reports on web using Web Intelligence

Sonata Software Ltd, Hyderabad, India May 2007- Mar 2010
Business Objects Developer

Installed and configured Business Objects XI 3.1 Enterprise on Windows 2003 Server
Migrated & upgraded Business Objects from XIR2 to Business Objects from XI 3.1
Analyzed functional and technical requirements and prepared deliverables including Software Requirement Specifications, User Interface Specifications, screen mock-ups, report mockups
Designed universes based on user requirements as well as functional and technical
Identified the basic tables and the logical relationship between the tables to create the most balanced and scalable universe
Performed Integrity Checks to Universes to detect loops, cardinalities and joins
Created Aliases and Shortcut Joins in order to resolve the loops in the newly developed Universes
Created Classes, Objects, and Filters in the Universes as per the request submitted by the Report Developers and Business Users
Extensively used @functions (@select, @prompt, @where in the creation of filters, prompts, and conditions
Created new set of groups to assign privileges to different set of users and have a control on the access they have to the reports
Changed the format of the reports into PDF, EXCEL and Scheduled the reports
Converted all Desktop Intelligence Reports to Web Intelligence Reports using Report Conversion Tool
Used Filters, Sections, Breaks, Sorts, Query Prompts and Drill filters functionalities in making the reports easy for analysis
Created Drill-Through Reports to provide users with more detailed information and query linking
Designed and developed several complex reports using drill down features, sub reports, cross tab reports, labels, summary reports
Converted existing reports, which were developed in access into crystal reports using Crystal Reports 10
Actively involved in a new report generation and customization of existing reports
Used various crystal reports features e.g. conditional formatting, use of multiple groups and parameter passing and complex formula usage
Created detailed WebI reports and linked them to open in Xcelsius with the help of Opendoc
Used context operators like In, ForEach, ForAll in WebI reports in order to meet the business requirements
Created Web Intelligence Reports Ad-hoc and canned reports
Created report designing documents for further reference
Scheduled the Web Intelligence reports and published them on weekly basis
Tuning the queries to improve the performance of the report refresh time
Created complex variables and calculation to meet the user requirements
Trained end users with business objects products like InfoView and Web Intelligence and BusinessObjects
Created the reports using BusinessObjects functionalities like multiple data providers, prompts, slice & dice and drill down
Deployed reports on the web using Crystal Publishing Wizard and scheduled reports using e-portfolio and management console
Interacted with business users to refine requirements and this included conducting meetings, conference calls, and hand on process review

Education:

Master’s in business administration (Information Technology), Wilmington, DE, USA.
Bachelor of Engineering in Information Technology, Osmania University, Hyderabad, AP, India
Contact this candidate