Swathi Dinnae Sr BI Developer
Ph no: 469-***-**** Email: ad6n28@r.postjobfree.com

Summary:

Motivated and results driven BI professional with 14 plus years of experience in providing Architecture, Design & Development using various BI technologies for the Data Analytics related projects. Proven ability to identify business needs and develop valuable solutions to drive accuracy and process efficiency.
Have excellent skills in data warehouse, relational and multi-dimensional databases, Data Migration, System Integration, Reporting, Software development and Data Management.
Accountable for development and managing end to end BI environments. From timelines, project management, conducting workshops with Business users, assigning the resources, coordinating with various stake holders, vendors, implementing the project and supporting the postproduction.
Delivered BI Reporting solutions in Power BI, SSRS, SSAS, Cognos.
Experience working with the ETL tools like SSIS, Informatica, Azure Data Factory.
Experience in creating Views, functions, Bath scripts, Triggers, Joins and many stored procedures consumed at various stages of data migration or validation or performance tuning.
Designed and developed Power BI graphical and visualization solutions and scheduled the data refreshes.
Published Power BI reports from Power BI desktop to Power BI service in the required originations and made Power BI dashboards available in web clients and scheduled automatic refresh in Power BI Service.
Expertise in writing complex DAX functions in Power BI and Power Pivot.
Experience working with Azure cloud platform in components of Azure SQL, Datawarehouse and Data lake for consuming and transforming the data.
Experience in establishing enterprise-wide data governance with a focus on improving data quality and security by creating new or upgrading existing organizational policies and standards.
Possess exceptional analytical skills, problem solving skills with quick turnaround in fixing the issues and ability to quickly master new concepts and technologies. Capable of working independently and in teams with aptitude to handle multiple projects professionally.
Experience leading and managing team during migration and upgrade projects.

Technical Skills:

SQL Server Tools
SSMS, Enterprise Manager, DTS, Profiler, Upgrade Advisor
ETL Tools
SSIS, Informatica
BI Tools
Power BI, SSAS, SSRS, Power Query, Cognos Analytics, OBIEE
Databases
MS SQL Server 2016/2014, DB2, Teradata, Oracle 12g, Microsoft Azure
Programming Languages
SQL, T-SQL, PL/SQL, DAX, Python
Scripting
C, JavaScript, VB.NET
Cloud Platform
Azure Data Lake, Azure Data Factory
Operating System
Windows 2007/2010, Windows Server 2012 R2, Windows Server 2012

Work Experience:

Company : TCS Duration: May’21 – Present
Title : Sr Power BI Developer

Responsibilities:

Working as BI Lead for implementation of Analytics/Reporting Projects & managing production support for Business users.
Expertise in creating various power BI dashboards, KPI’s and utilized power Query in Power BI for data cleansing and data formatting. Implemented DAX functions for various fact calculations for efficient data visualization.
Created new database objects like Procedures, Functions, Packages, Triggers, Indexes & Views using T-SQL in Development and Production environment.
Created various dashboards in Power BI desktop using table, matrix, bar, card, gauge, and slicer visualizations.
Developed SQL Queries to fetch complex data from different tables in remote databases using joins, database links and formatted the results into reports and kept logs.
Created various Drill through, Parameterized, Tabular reports and matrix reports using SSRS and created subscriptions for users.
Designed and developed Power BI reports, self-service packages and dashboards for a large pool of business associates
Performed DAX (Data Analysis Expressions) & MDX functions for the creation of calculations and measures in the Tabular Mode & multi-dimensional Cubes.
Worked on Azure cloud platform in components of Azure SQL, Datawarehouse and Data lake for consuming and transforming the data.
Worked on establishing data governance with a focus on improving data quality and security by creating new or upgrading existing organizational policies and standards.

Company : Johnsons Control Inc (JCI) Duration: July’14 – May’21
Title : Sr Power BI Developer

Responsibilities:
Designing and Developing the Dashboard Reports in Power BI using DAX
Implemented Copy activity, Custom Azure Data Factory Pipeline Activities
Primarily involved in Data Migration using SQL, SQL Azure, Azure storage, and Azure Data Factory, SSIS, PowerShell and Kimball Methodology.
Designed and Developed ETL Frame that extract, transform, Audit and load data in Azure SQL Datawarehouse and Data Dimensional Modelling.
Experience with the data pipeline in Azure DevOps CI/CD
Worked on all types of transformations that are available in Power bi query editor.
Created stored procedures and SQL queries to pull data into power pivot model.
Deploy and Configure Power BI dataset for Sales and Finance team, implement incremental refresh on Power BI dataset.
Extensively involved in Designing and Developing ETL Processes data from external sources like Azure blob Storage, Azure Data Lake Gen2 and ORC/Parquet/Text Files into Azure SQL Data Warehouse (Azure Synapse).
Advanced reporting skills using SQL Server reporting services (SSRS). Created & formatted Crosstab, Conditional, Drill-down, Top N, Summary, Form OLAP, Sub reports, ad-hoc reports, parameterized reports, interactive reports & custom reports.
Created Workspace and Apps in Power BI and giving access to End-users to Apps.
Configured Gateway in the Power BI service and Implemented Data security (Row-level security) on Dataset and Reports in Power BI. Worked on Power BI, Power Pivot and Power View to visualize reports.
Developed Power BI reports and dashboards for multiple data sources using data blending.

Company : Air Distribution Technologies Duration: July’12 – July’14
Title : Sr Cognos/BI Developer

Responsibilities:
Involved in full development of life cycle (SDLC) within Cognos reporting from developing Business requirements to QA and Production support. Managed service & change requests.
Creating and developing complex reports based on business requirement & work on various projects to support data extraction and reporting needs for the company.
Developed various complex reports (Multipage, List, Cross-tab, Charts, Drill Through and Master Detail Reports) for Corporate Finance, Sales, Purchasing teams using various Data Sources.
Worked on framework manager to import metadata from multiple data sources and to create relational and OLAP models and publish packages to Cognos 10 server.
Worked closely with HTML/Java scrip developers for developing Dashboards & Report studio.
Performed Cognos, OBIEE administrative tasks including security, user accounts, software installations, deployments & upgrading the latest versions of Fix packs.
Designed and Implemented dashboards using the Cognos Workspace.
Successfully designed and implemented security on different levels including Package, object, data and row level security.
Performed Cognos administrative tasks including security, user accounts, software installations, deployments & upgrading the latest versions of Fix packs.
Created Transformer cubes for the Purchasing, Sales team using the various sources and scheduled the cubes to run on a daily/weekly basis. Used Event Studio to send notifications and manage scripts, agents and report runs. Worked on performance tuning of existing reports and dashboards.
Developed the Views, Stored Procedures and User Defined functions using the SQL server 2008 and used Query Plan to optimize the performance of the Stored Procedures. Worked on Data Mapping for the models for data transformation using Informatica.
Used Informatica to create ETL packages to validate, extract, transform and load data to data warehouse databases, data mart databases and scheduled the ETL to run daily.
Provided training to business users on how to develop adhoc reports and dashboards in Workspace, Analysis studio, Query studio. Supported various existing applications in production environment.
Supporting on mapping the accounts and creating financial data using the Cognos TM1 and Cognos Controller.

Environment: Cognos 10.2, OBIEE, Cognos TM1 10.2, Cognos Controller 10.2, SQL Server, SSIS, OBIEE Windows 2007, VB, MS Office Suite, .Net.

Company : Danco Inc, Dallas TX Duration: Feb’11 – July’12
Title : BI Developer
Responsibilities:
Collected business requirements from users and translated them as technical specs and design docs for development.
Identified various data sources, connection strings,formulated data dictionaries, design and develop data models (physical/logical data models) based on the given specs and requirements.
Created Stored Procedures, Triggers, Indexes, User defined Functions, Constraints etc on various database objects to obtain the required results.
Generated Sub-Reports, Drilldown-Reports, Summary Reports, and Parameterized Reports with calculated members, dropdowns from the cubes by connecting to Analysis server from SSRS.
Create and maintained Analytical Cubes in SSAS for the data warehouse with multiple subject areas.
Created several dashboards and scorecards with KPI in the SQL server Analysis Services (SSAS)
Created checkpoints and configuration files in SSIS packages. Performed incremental data load packages in SSIS.
Processed and maintained the cubes on a schedule directly in SQL Agent using XMLA or through SSIS process task.
Created SQL Agent Jobs and scheduled the SSIS Package to run overnight. Resolved the issues associated with the job failure.
Used SQL Profiler for troubleshooting, monitoring, optimization of SQL Server and SQL code.
Prepare documentation related to database design, objects security and rules.
Involved in Performance Tuning of Stored Procedures, SSIS Packages, SSRS Reports, Views, Stored procedures using SQL Profiler and Tuning Advisor improving performance and scalability.
Created Alerts for successful or unsuccessful completion of Scheduled Jobs.
Wrote complex Stored Procedure, Queries, Triggers, Functions, Indexes, User-defined functions, and Cursors for the application.
Environment: MS SQL Server, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, DB2, MS Access, HTML, XML, Windows XP.

Company : NCH Corp Duration : Jan’10 – Feb ‘11.
Title : Cognos/ PLSQL Developer.
Responsibilities:
Interacting with users to identify the requirements and designing, implementation of the reports.
Built various multi-dimensional cubes like sales demand cube, Product performance cube, POS Sales Summary cube and Salesrep Commissions using the transformer and scheduled the cubes daily/weekly/monthly using command line options in batch files. Added manual levels and customized relative time categories to dimensions according to the business requirement.
Created time based partition cubes for better performance and customized cube content with views for member based security. Developed list, crosstab and chart reports for different departments to accommodate users needs.
Created burst reports on a single and master detail queries to distribute sensitive data accordingly to multiple users. Created new Jobs using the Cognos Connection & monitored jobs with the Cognos Administrators, debug to enforce scheduled report.
Created packages/procedures/views/materialized-views in Oracle to be used for accounting, marketing, supply chain & order management & created procedures using PLSQL.
Followed Agile Methodology to provide Production support for the existing & new reports and Trained Users on Query Studio and Analysis studio for Ad-Hoc Reporting.
Environment : Cognos 8.4, Framework Manager, Powerplay Transformer, report Studio, PL/SQL, Windows 2003, VB, MS Office Suite, Informatica, .Net, SQL Server 2000, Oracle 10g.

Education :
MS, Computer Science Engineering San Jose State University, San Jose, CA
BE, Electronics and Communication Engineering JNTU, Hyderabad, AP, India.
Contact this candidate