Jyothi Nallaballe
Senior SQL/BI DEVELOPER

Mobile: 810-***-****
Email: ad6rra@r.postjobfree.com

Summary:

More than 12 years of experience in SDLC methodologies, in Analysis, Design, Development, Testing, and Implementation of client - server based applications. Proficient in Database Administration, Design and Development using MSSQL 2022/2019/2017 for both OLTP & Data warehousing Systems (SSRS, SSIS, SSAS).
Hands on experience in installation, configuration and administration of SQL Server 2000/2005/2008/2008R2/2012/2014/2016/2017/2019.
Expertise in SQL upgrade and SQL migrations, upgraded & migration more than 100+ SQL Servers.
Expertise in database programming in writing and tuning Stored procedures, User Defined Data Types, Triggers, Constraints, Indexes, Sub-queries, Joins, CTEs and Batch Scripts using T-SQL.
Experienced in creating complex T-SQL queries for data analysis and data manipulation.
Organize analytical data, ensure data quality though data profiling, and aggregate data for strategic reporting, performance optimization on database solutions.
Build data visualizations and reports from DW and OLAP cubes using SSRS and Power BI.
Agile Program management, change management, User Management JIRA Agile, Scrum, Bug Cycle management, SDLC Design advice using JIRA.
Experienced working in the Agile methodology using Scrum which has its primary focus on the management part of software development, dividing the whole development period into small iterations.
Implemented Full, Incremental and Remigration ETL workflow and data pipelines for Staging, Data mart and Data Warehouse databases.
Good knowledge of parallel processing used it for faster query processing and loading data Experience working with Visual Studio 2022, 2019 and 2017.
Involved in the design of logical and physical design models of relational database using Erwin Data Modeling tool.
Experience in enhancing and deploying the SSIS Packages from development server to production server.
Experience in Data Extraction, Transforming and loading ETL using various tools such as SQL Server Integration Services SSIS.
Good knowledge on multiple clouds which includes AWS, and Azure.
Extensive knowledge in Extraction, Transforming and Loading (ETL) data using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), Bulk Insert and BCP.
Experienced in performance tuning of SSIS packages, Query optimization and database consistency checks.
Very good skills of documenting different kinds of metadata.
Strong knowledge and experience in error handling of SSIS packages using transactions, check points (package restart ability features), break points and error logging procedure
Experienced in Huge data migrations, huge data transfers, ETL processes using SSIS for Data warehouse implementation Projects involving conversion of data from heterogeneous sources like DB2 and Oracle.
Interpreting and working with data models, data flows and data dictionaries, logical & physical Data modeling, Normalization and De-Normalization techniques for both OLTP and OLAP systems.
Experienced T-SQL programming (DDL, DML, and DCL) skills like creating Stored Procedures, User Defined Functions, Constraints, Querying, Joins, Keys, Indexes, Data Import/Export, Triggers, Tables, Views and Cursors.
Expertise in creating SSIS packages for integrating data using OLE DB connection from homogeneous and heterogeneous sources (Excel, CSV, Flat file, Oracle). By using multiple transformations like Data Conversion, Conditional Split, SCD, Bulk Insert, and Merge Join.
Experienced in handling late arriving dimension and late arriving facts scenarios in a Data Warehouse.
Requirements gathering, data modeling, tuning, security, backup, recovery, and integration of database Applications.
Developed SSAS Cubes (Dimensions, Hierarchies, Dimension Usage Relationships and Measure Groups), Also developed Cube deployment strategy through XMLA file, Processing through SSIS package and SQL Agent Job Extensive experience in designing and implementing multi-dimensional data models using SSAS.
Experienced in implementing Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) Objects in SSAS.
Expertise working with SQL Server tools such as Management Studio, Query Analyzer, SQL Profiler, SQL Server Agent.
Experience in Crystal Reports, Reporting Services for MS SQL Server and SQL Server Agent in Support Services.
Proficient in development in Data Studio (primarily, Control Center), TOAD applications for IBM DB2 for LUW 9.7 database management in Linux Environment.
Experienced in generating on-demand and scheduled reports for business analysis or management decision using SQL Server Reporting Services.
Created various SSRS Reports involving variety of features like Reports, Charts, Filters, Sub- Reports, Drilldown, Drill-Through, Multi-valued parameters.
Developed rich visualized reports and dashboards using Microsoft Power BI.
Having experience in implementing the security by using RLS, Power BI reports scheduling, subscriptions, PBI Report Builder and Optimizations.
Experienced in creating test data and unit test cases. Writing test cases and system plans to ensure successful data loading process.
Education / Certifications:

Completed Bachelors of Engineering(IT) from JNTU Hyderabad.

Professional Summary:

Worked as Senior Software Engineer in COFORGE LTD from Jan 2020 to Dec 2023
Worked as a Software Engineer for CAPO IT Solutions PVT LTD from March 2015 to Nov 2019
Worked as Java/SQL Developer with SIGNODE India Limited from June 2012 to Feb 2015

Technical Expertise:

Languages
Java,Spring,T-SQL, PL/SQL, C, C++
Operating Systems
MS-DOS, Windows Server 2012/2008/2003/ XP/NT 4.0/98/95, UNIX,LINUX.
Database Tools
MS-SQL Server 2000/2005/2008/2008R2/2012/2014/2016,2019,TOAD 7.5, MS Access, SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Server Data Tools, n Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS), Visual Studio, SQL Profiler, Performance Monitor, DTS, Database, Azure SQL
Data Warehouse Tools
SSIS, SSRS, SSAS 2016/2014/2012/2008 R2/2005, SQL Server Business Intelligence Studio, SQL Profiler, SQL Query.
Data Modeling Tools
Power Designer, MS Visio, ERWIN
Reporting Tools
MS Reporting Server(SSRS), Excel Power View
Packages
MS Office 97/2000/XP, 2003, 2007, MS Outlook 2003, 2007, MS Project

Professional Experience:

COFORGE LTD Jan 2020 - present
Software company offering consulting services to the client.

Project : Insurance
Client : Acumen Solutions Inc.
Role : SSIS Developer, SQL Server
Environment : SQL Server 2012 & 2016, SQL Server Integration Services
2012 & 2016

Description:

The Acumen Solutions In is an USA multinational bank and Health Insurance with businesses across Asia, the United States and the United Kingdom. It provides a variety of financial and Insurance services including retail, business and institutional banking, funds management, superannuation, insurance, investment and broking services.
The main aim of this project is to maintain the wealth management database across all customers in Acumen insurance company. Acumen Insure maintains the information like direct life, policy holder service, Life coverage, Policy fee and schedules, quotations, advisor details, premium related data in different data houses. These data warehouse will be used for reporting purpose across all leadership team in organization and helps for decision making.

Roles & Responsibilities:

Designed, Created and Implemented complex ETL Strategies using SSIS packages that extracted and loaded the data from different heterogeneous sources like Flat Files, Excel Files, Oracle & DB2, CSV and SQL Server.
Involved in business requirement document preparations by communicating with business and their needs.
Deployed various types of SSIS transforms in package including slowly changing dimension, Derived Column, Data Conversion, Aggregate, Sort, Conditional Split, Look Up, OLE DB Command, Merge, Merge Join, Pivot, Unpivot, Union All, etc…
Developed master child package technique to manage ETL projects efficiently.
Made use of Event Handlers, Loggings, Breakpoints and Data viewers for effective debugging of packages.
Involved in the migration and implementation of multiple applications from on premise to cloud using AWS services like cloud formation.
Extensively used SSIS tasks such as for Each Loop, Execute SQL task, Script task, File System task, Execute package task, Data flow task and Bulk Insert task etc...
Created, Configured and Scheduled Jobs with SSIS packages in SQL Server 2016.
Configured SSIS packages in Job using XML, SQL Server table and parent package configuration.
Involved in Data Migration using SQL, SQL Azure, Azure storage, and Azure Data Factory, SSIS.
Migrating DB2 LUW databases to recent version V11.1 from 9.7
Report any failures, apply upgrades, and raise PMR with IBM for any unknown issues.
Automation of DB2 LUW build across environments.
Worked on DB2 server and client installations, applying latest fix packs.
Created DDL scripts for implementing Data Modeling changes, reviewed SQL queries, and involved in Database Design and implementing RDBMS-specific features.
Created sample data to load, did UT (Unit Testing) and System Testing Support.
Highly Proficient in T-SQL programming and vast experience in creating complex stored procedures, triggers, views and user defined functions on SQL 2016/2008 R2/2008 servers to meet the requirement of the applications.
Created Database and Database Objects like Tables, Views, Stored Procedures, Functions, Indexes and User Roles in SQL Server 2016/2008.
Enhanced the functionality and performance of various SQL scripts and stored procedures by using UDF’s, CTEs, CTE, temp tables and derived tables.
Created Implementation plan, Technical Specification document and Prepared Scripts for Production Implementation.

ENVIRONMENT: SQL Server 2022/2019/2017/2014, Azure SQL, UNIX,LINUX, Synapse, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, PowerBI, Visual Studio (SSIS, SSRS)2019/2016, SVN, TFS Board, Tabular Model

CAPO IT SOLUTIONS PVT LTD March 2015 to Nov 2019
Software company offering consulting services to the client.

Title : Enterprise Management System (EIMS)
Client : Bandhan Bank.
Operating System : Windows

Description:

The aim of the Bandhan Bank Project is generating the reports for the higher management’s. Bandhan Bank Ltd. is an Indian banking and financial services company headquartered in Kolkata, West Bengal. Bandhan, which started as a micro-finance company in 2001, received banking license by Reserve Bank of India in 2014.This project is mainly about implementation of Management Information Services (MIS) and RBI reports for Bank. Maintaining the data (Loans, Deposits and Customer) in huge volume and providing the data and reports based on business requirement. Gathering requirement from respective department (loan, deposit etc.) for providing the data and reports in the expected format.
The organization contains different kind of products like fixed deposits, Savings account, Current account, Agri loans, Micro loans, MSME loans and Retail loans

Roles and Responsibilities:

Analysis of the specifications and requirements provided by the clients.
Developed, implemented, and maintained various database objects such as stored procedures, triggers, functions, indexes, and views.
Developed and maintained SQL packages to extract the data from various sources and Responsible for debugging and upgrading of several structures as per the requirements.
Experience in managing and automating Control flow, Data flow, Events and Logging programmatically using framework for SSIS packages.
Used SSIS and T-SQL stored procedures to transfer data from OLTP databases to staging area and finally transfer into data warehouse.
Used various SSIS task such as conditional split, derived column, lookup which were used for data scrubbing, data validation checks during staging, before loading the data into the data warehouse.
Built SSIS package to load data from different files and databases using Lookup, Fuzzy Lookup, Derived Columns, Condition Split, Aggregate, Pivot, Slowly Changing Dimension, and other transformations.
Worked Various SSIS Tasks like Execute SQL Task, bulk insert task, data flow task, file System task, ftp task, send mail task, active script task, Message Queue Task, XML task. Created SQL server configurations for SSIS packages and experienced in creating jobs, alerts, and SQL mail agent and schedule SSIS packages.
Integrated replicate data into existing system using DB2 Data Replication.
Perform DB2 installation, configuration (Monitoring and Provisioning), patching and maintenance and Perform backup and recovery procedures using Roll forward and also implement, maintain, and monitor Data Guard.
Responsible for evaluating monitor, troubleshoot and implement performance tuning strategies, methodologies and techniques to improve and maintain the DB2 production databases.
Expert in connecting multiple data sources in Power BI to implement working reports.
Expert in creating multiple kind of Power BI Reports and Dashboards.
Demonstrated proficiency in T-SQL queries (DDL and DML), constructing complex queries involving multiple tables to create and maintain database objects.
Responsible for creating reports based on the requirements using SSRS and Defined the report layout and identified datasets for the report generation.
Created different types of reports including financial reports, cross-tab, conditional, drill- down, sub reports also parameterized reports, ad hoc reports for existing databases.
Design and created financial report templates, bar graphs and pie charts based on the financial data. Scheduled the monthly /weekly/daily reports to run automatically.
Involved in database administration principles and practices including security, permissions, and alerts.
Analyzed, identified, and implemented user roles and assigned relative database access privileges Securing Access to Reports, Authorizing Users at the Home Level and Project Level, Managing Reporting Services Roles.
Worked with testers to test strategies, test plans based on functional specifications, use cases, and business requirements.
Used TFS as code storage tool for multiple applications, leveraging branching, preparing folder structure and versioning of code.
Environment: MS SQL Server 2019, MS SQL Server Integration Services SSIS, MS SQL Server Reporting Services SSRS,T-SQL,Windows2016,MSOffice 365, UNIX,LINUX, Auto sys, Erwin, Microsoft Visual Studio, SQL Server Management Studio

SIGNODE INDIA LIMITED June 2012 to Feb 2015
Manufacturing company offering consulting services.

Title : Software Developer
Client : SIGNODE India Limited
Operating System : Windows

Description:

Developed new feature into the application. Notice feature that will be available for the user in order they can generate notice manually or scheduled it to be generated automatically.

Roles and Responsibilities:

Create database objects in SQL Server 2008R2 including Tables, Triggers, Views, Stored Procedures, User Defined Functions (UDF) and Indexes.
Experienced in Analysis of functional and non-functional categorized data elements for data profiling and mapping from source to target data environment. Developed working documents to support findings and assign specific tasks.
Involved with data profiling for multiple sources and answered complex business questions by providing data to business users.
Worked with data investigation, discovery and mapping tools to scan every single data record from many sources.
Created DML code and statements for underlying & impacting databases.
Performed data reconciliation between integrated systems.
Extensively used MS Access to pull the data from various data bases and integrate the data.
Performed data analysis and data profiling using complex SQL on various sources systems.
Assisted in the oversight for compliance to the Enterprise Data Standards
Worked in importing and cleansing of data from various sources like flat files, SQL Server 2005 with high volume data.
Worked with Excel Pivot tables.
Created conceptual, logical and physical data models, data dictionaries, DDL and DML to deploy and load database table structures in support of system requirements.
Created and Monitored workflows using workflow designer and workflow monitor.
Good experienced in Performing data management projects and fulfilling ad-hoc requests according to user specifications by utilizing data management software programs and tools like Perl, Toad, MS Access, Excel and SQL.
Worked with Data Steward Team for designing, documenting and configuring Informatics Data Director for supporting management of MDM data.
Wrote SQL scripts to test the mappings and Developed Traceability Matrix of Business Requirements mapped to Test Scripts to ensure any Change Control in requirements leads to test case update.
Technologies: Java, SQL Server 2014/2008r2/2008, Visual Studio (SSIS,SSRS) 2013/2008/2008 R2, 2005, Power Bi, Db2, Pl/SQL, UNIX, Toad, Team Foundation Server (TFS), SVN.
Contact this candidate