Name: Meghana
Email: ad6saa@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 469-***-****
Sr. Power BI Developer

About Me
I have over 11 years of experience working in data warehousing, Currently, I work as a Data Analyst/Sr. SQL Developer, improving products and services for our customers by using advanced analytics, standing up big-data analytical tools, creating and maintaining models, and onboarding compelling new data sets. In my current role, I am leading a team to derive data insights and enhance customer experience by leveraging Microsoft BI capability, I analyzed data from some of the biggest enterprises.
My Strengths:
Competencies: Business Insights & Reporting, Data Analytics, Data processing, Data Visualization, Business Intelligence Tools (MSBI), SSIS, SSRS, Data Strategy, Database Architecture & Warehousing and Data Management, Tableau,
Expertise in SQL Server development, MSBI stack (TSQL, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS), Azure, Power BI for building, deploying, managing applications and services through a global network of Microsoft - managed Data Center. Specialize in design, implementation, integration, maintenance and testing of various web-based, Enterprise, Client/Server and Distributed applications using Python, Django, Flask Pytorch
Worked on Data warehousing, Data engineering, Feature engineering, big data, ETL/ELT, and Business Intelligence. As a data analyst, specialize in Azure frameworks, Hadoop Ecosystem, Excel, Snowflake, relational databases, tools like Tableau, PowerBI Python Data DevOps Frameworks/Azure DevOps Pipelines
Passionate to work in the intersection of cloud computing, Data Engineering, experienced in building distributed data solutions, data analytical applications, ETL and streaming pipelines leveraging big data ecosystem components, Databricks platform, Azure Cloud services, Hadoop Eco System.
Expert in Data Analysis, Data Profiling, Data Cleansing & Quality, Data Migration, Data Integration, Data Ingestion and Data Transformation.
My experience in various industries includes Retail, Networking, Manufacturing Logistics Energy, Banking, Financial, Insurance, Health Care, E-Commerce & Utilities.

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

Microsoft BI Developer 11 Years of experience in MS Power BI, SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services), SSIS, SSMS, Visual Studio), Tableau, MSBI Suite, Teradata, DB2, Oracle.
Expert in designing Enterprise reports using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS generated drill down reports, parameterized reports, linked reports, sub reports, matrix dynamics and filters, charts in SSRS
Expert in Data Warehouse development starting from inception to implementation and ongoing support, Strong understanding of BI application design and development principles.
Highly experienced in whole cycle of DTS/SQL server integration services (SSIS) Packages (Developing, Deploying, Scheduling, Troubleshooting and monitoring) for performing Data transfers and ETL Purposes across different servers.
Data Analyst with solid understanding of Data Modeling, Evaluating Data Sources strong understanding of Data Warehouse/Data Mart Design, ETL, BI, OLAP, Client/Server applications. Experience in Data Analysis, Data Migration, Data Cleansing, Transformation, Integration, Data Import, and Data Export through the use of multiple ETL tools such as Informatica PowerCenter Experience in testing and writing SQL statements - Stored Procedures, Functions, Triggers and packages proficient in POWER BI, PL/SQL, Snowflake, Teradata, SQL Server, Oracle,Python.
Experience in providing Logging, Error handling by using Event Handler, and Custom Logging for SSIS Packages.
Experience in Performance Tuning in SSIS packages by using Row Transformations, Block and Unblock Transformations
Scheduling and Monitoring ETL Processes using DTS Exec utilities and batch files.
Expertise in generating reports using SQL Server Reporting Services, Crystal Reports, and MSExcel spreadsheets and Power Pivot
Expert in designing Enterprise reports using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS 2000/2005/2008) generated drill down reports, parameterized reports, linked reports, sub reports, matrix dynamics and filters, charts in SSRS
Worked on Ad-hoc reports, data driven subscription reports by using Report Builder in SSRS.
Experience in Data Design and Development on Microsoft SQL Server 2016/2014/2012/2008R2/2008, T-SQL, Performance Tuning, Troubleshooting, SSIS/DTS Package Configuration, SSRS, SSAS and Data-warehousing.
Hands on experience in Installing, Configuring, Managing, Monitoring, Troubleshooting, Upgrading and Migrating SQL Server
Created SSIS Packages using SSIS Designer for export heterogeneous data from OLE DB Sources (Oracle), Excel Spreadsheet to SQL Server.
Experience in migration of Data from Excel, Flat file, Oracle to MS SQL Server by using BCP and DTS utility and automation with SSIS,got good scripting skills on python and PowerShell.
Good Understanding in creating and managing of Linked Servers across SQL server databases.
Experience in SQL Server Analysis Server MDX Queries, developing and monitoring SSIS Packages.
Worked on Data Marts, OLAP, Dimensional Data Modeling, Star Schema Modeling,
Snow-Flake Modeling for FACT and Dimensions Tables using Analysis Services.
Exposure to Big Data platform deployed in Azure Cloud, Implemented Copy activity, Custom Azure Data Factory Pipeline Activities for On-cloud ETL processing,
Worked on Azure Data Lake, Azure Data Factory, SQL Data Warehouse Azure Blob, Azure Storage Explorer
Expertise in creating databases, users, tables, triggers, macros, views, stored procedures, functions, Packages, joins and hash indexes in Teradata database.
Worked on SQL Server DTS and SSIS (Integration Service) package design, constructing and deployment, SQL queries involving multiple table’s inner and outer joins, stored procedures.
Extensive experience in Database Design using SQL and PL/SQL Programming using Stored Procedures, Functions, Packages and Triggers.
Conducted Gap Analysis, created Use Cases, workflows, screen shots and Power Point presentations for various Data Applications.
Worked on complex SQL Queries, PL/SQL procedures and convert them to ETL tasks
Experience in understanding of Microsoft development suite SSIS and SSAS, as well as familiarity with standard data extract, cleansing, integration, and aggregation techniques and best practices.
Experienced in both live and import data into for creating reports.
Experience in Extraction, Transformation and Loading (ETL) data from various sources into Data Warehouses, as well as data processing like collecting, aggregating, and moving data from various sources using Apache Flume, Kafka, PowerBI and Microsoft SSIS.
Experience in building data pipelines using Azure Data factory, Azure data bricks and loading data to Azure data Lake, Azure SQL Database, Azure SQL Data warehouse
TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Databases
MS SQL Server 2008/2012/14/16, Oracle, PL/SQL, MS Access
Programming Languages
T-SQL, PL/SQL, HTML, XML, Unix.
Tools/Utilities
Enterprise Manager, SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS), Query Analyzer, Business Intelligence Development studio, DTS, Analysis Manager, SQL Profiler, SSIS, SSRS, Visual Studio, SQL * Plus, Ervin, BI
Database Design Tools &
Data Modeling
MS Visio, MS Access, MS SQL Server, Star Schema/Snowflake Schema modeling. Physical & logical data modeling, Agile Scrum Methodologies.
Business Intelligence Tools
Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS), SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Analytical Services (SSAS), DTS Packages.
BI Tools Tableau Desktop 10.x/9.x/ 8.3/7, Tableau Server 8.2, OBIEE 11g/10.1.3.4, PowerBI2.73
ETL Tools Informatica 8.6, Data stage 7.5, Alteryx
Operating Systems
Windows Server,Linux,Mac,Unix
Application Server
Tornado, WebLogic, Tomcat
Web Servers
Web Logic, Web Sphere, Apache Tomcat, JBOSS.
Management Tech
SVN, Git, Jira, Maven.
Cloud Infrastructure
Azure Cloud - Data Bricks, Azure Data Factory (ADF), Azure Data Lake, Azure pipelines, Azure Functions, Blob storage.

Team Skills:
Coordinating, Facilitating, Tracking, Summarizing and Reporting.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Client: U.S. Bank, TX Oct 2022-Present
Role : Sr Power BI Developer
Project Description: This project provides Finance/Revenue Reports, bookings, maintenance bookings, Credit Risk and sales Business Dashboards.
The primary goal of project is to focus on the collection, integration, and analysis of data from different sources. This focus will result in greater insights and more effective to support decision making. My role is to explore and transform data in the form of reports and visualizations to business users. This data is then used for making decisions on equipment management. The Project involved in developing the dashboards in Power BI, Tableau.

Project also involves creating Corporate Data Warehouse and migrating data from the OLTP systems to the Corporate Data Warehouse. SSIS was used as an ETL tool for extracting the Data from various sources running on Oracle, DB2 and MS SQL Server databases and Generate reports on Tableau and SSRS to cover weekly, monthly, quarterly and annual historic information.

Key Contributions:
Involved in designing and developing packages for a Data Warehousing and Data Migration projects using Integration services (SSIS) on different Data Sources.
Extracted the data from Flat Files, transformed (Implemented required Business Logic) and Loaded into the target DW using SSIS (SQL Server).
Created SSIS Packages by using various Control Flow and Data Flow Tasks to execute SQL Task for each loop Container, Derived Column, and Data Conversion.
Created package to transfer data between OLTP and OLAP database using Lookup, Derived Columns, Condition Split, Aggregate, Execute SQL Task, Data Flow Task, Execute Package Task etc. to load underlying data into tables from Text files, Excel files, CSV files and XML files.
Work on SQL queries – create, modify the queries to obtain a abstract set of data and connect to Tableau and create dashboards.
Designed and Developed ETL jobs to extract data from different sources and load it in data mart in Snowflake and managed Snowflake clusters such as launching the cluster by specifying the nodes and performing the data analysis queries.
Used various ETL tools like SSIS/DTS for data flow from source files like DB2, XML, Excel, Tables and views to other databases or files with proper mapping and loading to Data Warehouse.
Worked on Dimensional modelling of the data from Scratch (Extracted the scratch data from heterogeneous sources and doing the ETL for incremental data loads using SSIS and building them into Dimension and Fact tables using Star Schema).
Created Entities in MDM and updated the data programmatically. Created ADF Pipelines to Read and write Data from MDM.
Adroit in accessing and using Power APPS, Power automates and Power BI.
Experience in building Power Automate flows, supporting multiple users on Power Apps.
Worked on Power Apps, Nintex form in designing and development and defining data
Using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) to populate data from various data sources Developed web based front-end screens using MS FrontPage, HTML and Java Script. Actively designed the database to fasten certain daily jobs, stored procedures.
Train existing ops/tech how to use Power BI
Responsible for setting up Python REST API framework using DJANGO.
Wrote a program to use REST API calls to interface with backup server, and parse output reports of an excel file in python to monitor backup usages.

Responsibilities:
Worked on creating complex T-SQL, Stored Procedures, triggers, cursors, tables, and views and other SQL joins and statements for applications.
Experience in developing T-SQL (DDL, DML) statements, Data Integrity (constraints), Performance Tuning, and Query Optimization.
Creating reports using SQL Reporting Services (SSRS) for customized and ad-hoc Queries.
Designed dynamic SSIS Packages to transfer data crossing different platforms, validate data during transferring, and archived data files for DBMS.
Utilized advance features of Tableau software to link data from different connections together on one dashboard and to filter data in multiple views at once.
Identify new metrics and enhance the existing KPI's.
Involved in multi-tier Java and J2EE based applications support using core Java, SQL queries for RDBMS
Designed SSAS cube with Star Schema
Developed interactive executive dashboards using PowerBI and Excel VBA to provide a reporting tool that facilitates organizational metrics and data.
Presented executive dashboards and scorecards to visualize and present trends in the data using Excel and VBA-Macros. Worked on different data formats such as CSV, JSON, XML, EXCEL and performed machine learning algorithms in Python.
Worked on Power BI Paginated reports by using report builder
Developed application in Power Apps using Common Data Services, Flow, Excel
Implemented SharePoint security in the portal by assigning permissions and roles to the users
Participated significantly in re-engineering QA team.
Used SSIS to create ETL packages to validate and load data to data warehouse databases
Enterprise credit risk and user acceptance testing UAT
Generated Computed tables in Power BI by using DAX
Building, publishing customized interactive reports dashboards, report scheduling using Tableau server.
Worked with Kimball technology strategies in approach to design large data warehouses
Build a program with Python SDK with Apache beam framework.
Build a program using Python and Apache beam to execute it in Cloud Dataflow and to run data validation Jobs
Converted SAS code to Python based jobs in cloud.
Maintained the release management of Azure ADF pipelines by using Azure Devops
Developed PowerApps canvas in Power Apps 1.0.5 in services
Worked with stakeholder, product owner to understand the business need and define the CRM strategy
Used Denodo platform for layering of different data structures.
Imported data from SQL Server DB,
to Power BI to generate reports
Created functionalities, event receivers to enhance functionalities in SharePoint
Experience building Power Automate, supporting multiple users on Power BI and Power Apps
Developed complex database objects like Stored Procedures, Functions, Triggers using PL/SQL.
Migrate SSRS reports to Power BI
Utilized Jira to create Agile user stories, Log bugs, track and escalate issues.
Created actions, data blending, Hierarchies, parameters, Filter (Local, Global) and calculated sets for preparing dashboards and worksheets using Tableau.
Administered user, user groups, and scheduled instances for reports in Tableau.
Scheduled frequency and time to refresh data for the when sources are published or extracted to server.
Implemented complex business logic through T-SQL stored procedures, Functions, Views and advance query concepts.
Implemented Teradata RDBMS analysis with business objects to develop reports
Used Power Pivot, Power BI, to develop data analysis protoype
Extensively involved in SSAS storage and partitions
Developed new apps from power bi market place in power BI service
Worked with Counterparty credit risk evaluation applications upstream
Served a single point of contact for CRM requirement
Developing a test strategy including move to Agile Development & Test Environment in SDET.
Developed data warehouse model in snowflake for over 100 datasets using where scape.
Heavily involved in testing Snowflake to understand best possible way to use the cloud resources
Create ETL and SSRS reports to automate the adhoc reporting.
Developed Complex calculated measurements using Data Analysis Expression Language DAX.
Develop, monitor, and troubleshoot errors occurring in Batch Jobs.
Created SSIS packages that pick files from a shared folder, transform the data as per the requirement, generate output files that are used for 3rd party integration.
Developed paginated reports to match the invoice formats
Extensively used the advanced features of PL/SQL like Records, tables and Object types.
Developed Automation test scripts using Selenium
Worked on Azure DevOps tools visual Studio Online services to maintain the Development code for SSAS
Developed user stories to support the design and development of CRM solution
Adroit in accessing and using Power Apps, Power Automate and Power BI
Create test scripts for users to test system changes. Perform creation of test cases, Scenarios, customized Integrations and performance testing. Involved in writing technical design documents.
Analyze critical issues, defects and provide solutions accordingly.
ADF source code version control using Azure DevOps or Git
End to end requirements gathering, designing, developing, testing and maintaining AX application.

Environment: MS SQL Server 2014/2012, Microsoft Visual Studio 2012, XHTML, XML, MS SQL Query Analyzer, MS SQL Server Integration Services(SSIS), MS SQL Server Reporting Services(SSRS) and ASP.NET, C#, T-SQL,Azure, PL/SQL, Agile, Jira, Snowflake, Power BI

Client: AT&T, Austin, TX Jan 2022 – Sep 2022
Role : Sr Power BI Developer
Project Description: offers health insurance plans such as medical and dental to individuals and employers, international health insurance, and Medicare. This implementation also takes care of Clinical Case Management and Utilization Management software using a fully integrated database of member and provider information coordinating all interactions using collaborative workflow management and business rules automation supports real-time communication and coordination of care among all members of the care team, inside and outside the four walls of traditional settings.

My Key Contributions:
Worked on generating various dashboards in Tableau Server using different data sources such as Teradata, Oracle, Microsoft SQL server.
Involved in analysis, design, development, and enhancement of the data warehousing application.
Involved in new KPI generation for Scorecards.
Data collection and leveraging on data manipulation teams for required data.
Involved in creating various reports like Drill through, drill down and Ad-hoc according to the user requirement using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).
Developed JavaBeans, JSP, PL/SQL procedures and functions to perform business transactions.
Designing and Developing the Dashboard Reports in power BI using DAX.
Creating pipelines for loading data from wide variety of sources like HDFS Files, On-Premises SQL table, Azure Storage Table to Data Lake Store
Creating Jobs in Geneva Analytics data studio for loading data from Kusto to Azure SQL Data warehouse.
Exposure in Excel Reports, Power BI by connecting to various SQL server databases and improved the efficiency of these large reports.
Performed SQL and PL/SQL tuning and Application tuning using various tools like EXPLAIN.
Involved in creating calculated fields, mapping and hierarchies.
Created List reports, cross tab reports, charts, sectional reports, , Drill through reports by using Report studio.

Responsibilities:

Designed SSIS Packages to Extract, Transform and Load data into Database, Archive data file from different legacy systems using SSMS on SQL Server 2005/2008/2012 environment, and deploy the data, scheduled the jobs to do these tasks periodically.
Generated tabular, matrix, drilldown, Drill through, summary Reports, sub reports, detailed reports, Parameterized and linked reports using Tableau.
Performance Tuning of Stored Procedures, SQL queries using SQL Profiler Index Tuning Wizard in SSIS.
Data migration from text files, csv, excel files to SQL server.
Extensively used various SSIS objects such as Control Flow Components, Dataflow Components, Connection managers, Logging, Configuration Files etc.
Designed, developed, debugged and tested SSIS packages, Stored Procedures, configuration files and implement best practices packages to maintain optimal performance
Participated in SDET & UAT.
Worked in Data Migration from RDBMS to Snowflake cloud data warehouse
Worked with multiple Relational Database Management Systems (RDBMS)
Developed reports from SSAS cube with measure and dimension
Used Power BI gateways to keep the dashboards and reports up to date
Prepared projects in dashboards, reports and questions for all JIRA related services
Created Paginated Power BI reports using Report builder for on-premises and cloud data sources
Good knowledge of Data Marts, Data warehousing, Operational Data Store (ODS), OLAP, Data Modeling like Dimensional Data Modeling, Star Schema Modeling, Snow-Flake Modeling, FACT and Dimensions Tables using MS Analysis Services
Build Apps using Power Apps
Created SSAS Tabular model and SSAS cube model and support the existing database components
Aided in development and management of access database solutions using SQL Server including VBA Excel
Designed and implemented a fully operational production large scale data solution on Snowflake Data warehouse
Experience for setting up Python REST API framework using DJANGO.
Wrote a program to use REST API calls to interface with backup server, and parse output reports of an excel file in python to monitor backup usages.
Worked on the backend using Python and Spark to perform several aggregation logics
ADF source control using Azure DevOps or Git
Developed Data Capture and navigation Desktop in Power Apps
Involved in automating SSIS Packages using SQL Server Agent Jobs. Created an ETL summary report which consists of the summary information for all the loading activities done each day and month.
Performing Unit testing and internal QA for the developed application.
Published reports and dashboards using Power BI
Created and maintained the SSRS reports, design documents and other scrum status trackers available on SharePoint for the business users and the steering team.
Created multiple kind of Power BI reports and Dashboards
Developed Java Beans, JSP, PL/SQL procedures to perform business transactions
Worked on Denodo Platform.
Worked on VBA Excel Macros, Access
Used Azure DevOps as a part of agile Scrum to create tasks and user stories
Worked on Migrating from DB2 to Snowflake
Adroit in accessing and using Power APPS, Power automates and Power BI.
Experience in building Power Automate flows, supporting multiple users on Power Apps.
Prepared effort estimation based on the customization of new CRM system
Experience for setting up Python REST API framework using DJANGO.
Wrote a program to use REST API calls to interface with backup server, and parse output reports of an excel file in python to monitor backup usages.
Utilized Power BI gateway to keep dashboards and reports up to-date with on premise data
Created Power BI dashboard and generated reports using the SQL server tables as source. Lock objects on the reports.
Designed and developed various SSIS packages (ETL) to extract and transform data and involved in Scheduling SSIS Packages.

Worked with Power BI, Tableau and Looker apps
Sqooped and migrated high volume data from Oracle to Big data and compared the data
Created packages using the various control flow task such as data flow task, execute SQL task.
Created SSIS Packages/projects to move data from source to destination programmatic by using Visual Studio
Developed applications using Power Apps using Common data services.
Developed Tablix Reports, Matrix Reports, Drill Down Reports, Tabular Reports, and charts using SSRS
Worked on Azure DevOps tools visual Studio Online services to maintain the Development code for SSAS
Involved in implementing the Land Process of loading the customer Data Set into Informatica MDM from various source systems.
Participated in the development and implementation of the MDM decommissioning project using InformaticaPower Center
that reduced the cost and time of implementation and development.
Prepared effort estimation based on the customization of new CRM system
Creation of database objects like tables, views, materialized views, procedures and packages using oracle tools like Toad, PL/SQL Developer and SQL* plus.
Installed and Configured Enterprise Gateway to keep the dashboards and reports in Power BI
Improved the performance of SSRS reports by tuning the Stored Procedures and TSQL queries using various join conditions. Generate experience in converting Actuate reports into SSRS.
Deploying and troubleshooting the SSIS Packages.
Developed SQL queries to validate the overall data migration. Prepared data reconciliation reports for conversion team/business.
Developed data capture and navigation in Power Apps

Environment: Azure,Python,MS SQL Server 2014/2012, Microsoft Visual Studio 2012, XHTML, XML, MS SQL Query Analyzer, MS SQL Server Integration Services(SSIS), MS SQL Server Reporting Services(SSRS) and ASP.NET, C#, T-SQL .snowflake,, PL/SQL, Agile, Jira,SDET, Power BI

Client : Visa Inc, Austin, TX. Jan 2021– Dec 2021
Role : Sr Power BI Developer
Project Description: Digital Transformation Services and Solutions
Primary aim of the project was to load the data from different sources to make reports for customer Loan approval division to analyze debts over periods of delay, customers, regions, etc. form a complete picture of the loan portfolio, including reserves, collateral value, the amounts of outstanding debts and the amount of coverage. I was involved in Data Analysis, Data Profiling, Data Integration, Migration, Data governance, metadata management, and Master Data Management and Configuration Management. The Project involved in developing the dashboards in Tableau, environments for Metrics and Compliance department.
My Key Contributions:

Developed Dashboard Visualizations, cross tables, Bar charts, Waterfall, Tree map and complex reports which involves custom Controls and Custom Expressions using bars, lines and pies, maps, scatter plots, Gantts, bubbles, histograms, bullets, heat maps and highlight table.
Developed various solution driven views and dashboards by developing different chart types including Pie Charts, Bar Charts, Tree Maps, Circle Views, Line Charts, Area Charts, and Scatter Plots in Power BI.
Created dashboard for Transportation system financial information which includes revenue and expenditure by routes.

Applied DAX for Various Reports:
Use different (DAX) Expressions to create measures and calculated column.
Using DAX and Branch Method created the n Number of TOP Levels in the visuals for result (Top 3, 5 or any number to present the Data)
Created the Row Level Security using the branch method of Path and PathContain Function in the Calculated column and managing the role (Using DAX)
Applied the DAX (Data Analysis Expressions) to various types of reports Time Intelligence, Cost and Benefit analysis.
Created the Running Total for the Monthly Billing.
Applied DAX creating different measures and Calculated Columns
Created Call summary reports on Power BI with the implementation of the Data Analysis Expressions working deep with M-Language to fix the bug and issue in Power Query editor
Creating Power Pivot models and Power Pivot reports, publish reports on SharePoint, and deploy models into SQL Server SSAS instance.
Merging and transforming data according to the requirements for ease of analysis in Excel by using Power Query in Power BI.
Performed ETL process by pulling large volumes of data using SSIS, BCP into the staging database from various data sources like Access, Excel.
Responsibilities:
Created various Tabular, Cross-tab, Matrix and Ad-hoc reports using SSRS.
Designed and implemented complex SSIS package to migrate data from multiple data sources for data analyzing.
Used Jira and other tools for Agile Software Development
Included Report Design and Coding for Standard Tabular type reports, including Drill down and Drill through functionality and Graphical presentations such as Charts and Dashboard type metrics.
Involved with Data Steward Team for designing, documenting and configuring Informatica Data Director for supporting management of MDM data.
Generated Drill down and Drill through reports with Drop down menu option, sorting the data, defining subtotals in SSRS.
Preparation of test case based on ETL Specification document, use cases and low level design document
Utilized Power BI gateway to keep dashboards and reports up to-date with on premise data
Created Power BI dashboard and generated reports using the SQL server tables as source. Lock objects on the reports.
Designed and created database objects and written PL/SQL scripts for data extraction.
Used various Java Concepts such as Exception handling, Collection APIs to implement various features and enhacements
Worked from DB2 to Snowflake
Scheduled Jobs for executing the stored SSIS packages which were developed to update the database
Created Error and Performance reports on SSIS Packages, Jobs, Stored procedures and Triggers.
Deploy CRM configure, and customizations plus report and dashboard creation
Created alerts, notifications and emails for system errors, insufficient resource, fatal database errors and hardware errors. Used BCP command and TSQL command to bulk copy the data from Text files to SQL Server and vice versa
Developed applications using Power Apps using Common data services.
Developed data capture and navigation in Power Apps
Deployment of Hadoop jobs and Teradata packages in QA(SDET) using CI/CD tool.
Designed and developed paginated reports using Report builder
Designed SSAS cube with star schemas
Created Stored Procedures, T-SQL, Triggers, Views and Functions for the database Application.
Worked on Power BI, power Automate and Power BI reports
Defined the report layout and identified
Contact this candidate