Dagmawit Tedla
Power BI Developer

Contact

Phone
858-***-****
E-mail
ad6wtr@r.postjobfree.com

Skills

SQL developer
Data warehouse Design
T-SQL developer
ETL/ELT process
Power BI data discovery
Power BI data modeling
Power BI visualization
Data migration
Power query and DAX
AS400(Green Screen)
DDL/DML/DCL language

Education-Degree
Management Information System
Certificate
Computer Science
•Professional Power BI developer like Data discovery, Data modeling, visualization, and Report publishing. Strong experienced on Power BI report, power Query and DAX. knowledge of Data Warehousing methodologies and concepts, including star schemas, snowflakes, ETL processes, dimensional modeling, and reporting tools. Experienced in Power platform, SQL database design & development, data modeling (conceptual, logical, and physical) using SQL server enterprise manager. Experienced with T-SQL in constructing Triggers, Tables, User Function, Views and writing store procedure. Solid understanding of various technologies, systems, and practices such as Migrations, DDL, DML, Schema Comparisons, Indexing, Stored Procedures, Backups, Recovery, Scaling, Always On, Optimization, Encryption, Data Compliance, Job Management, ETL, Data Generation, Reporting, Database Source Control.

Work History

2022-03 – Power BI Developer (Data Visualization Analysts)
Current IT1 STOP INC, Miami FL

Connect to different data source, pull data from the source, importing data, transforming data to informative visuals, creating Dashboard that meet the requirement to accommodate business need.
Collaborate with clients, receive the requirement, comprehend the requirement, and clarify client need.
Developed and translated data into informative visual reports, dashboards and KPI.
Transforming data for Business.
Implemented row level security on data and application security layer models in Power BI.
Developed publishing and scheduling Power BI reports as per the business requirements.
Power BI data discovery, data modeling, visualization, and data sharing.
Create/Update Dax queries to perform advanced calculation in power BI.
Communicate with the client to present the dashboard according to the requirements, before publishing on the website for public usage.
Uploading data to Frontline (Tip Web)
Data entry of Finance on AS400.
Interface development in DCSD’s Munis ERP System

2018-12 – 2022 - 03

Power BI Developer
Unbounded Solution INC, Atlanta, GA
Developed logical and physical data models, design data access strategies and write SQL code to access and manipulate data stored in OLAP databases.
Diagnosing and tuning the server optimal performance.
Developed and translated data into informative visual reports, dashboards and KPI scorecards.
Connecting to data sources, importing data, and transforming data for Business and apply incremental data refreshment.
Implemented row level security on data and application security layer models in Power BI.
Developed publishing and scheduling Power BI reports as per the business requirements.
Created data validation rules on source data to confirm the data has correct and/or expected values.
Created and managed schema objects such as tables, views, indexes, stored procedures, and triggers & maintaining Referential Integrity.
Developed Stored Procedures, User Defined Functions, Views, TSQL Scripting for complex business logic.
Follow secure coding practices. Design relational databases, tables, views, and other database objects
Created and manage ETL processes from a variety of inputs.
Created accurate and elegant reports in Power BI Create and manage automated jobs.
Power BI data discovery, data modeling, visualization, and data sharing.

2017-09 - 2018-12

Power BI Developer
Target, Houston, TX
Power BI data discovery, data modeling, visualization, and data sharing.
Designed and developed matrix and tabular reports with drill down, drill through and drop-down menu option. Created SSIS Packages to export and import data from CSV files, Text files and Excel Spreadsheets.
Created Alerts for successful or unsuccessful completion of scheduled Jobs.
Used cascaded parameters to generate a report from two different Data Sets.
Created Stored Procedures, triggers, cursors, tables, views and SQL joins and statements for applications.
Problem identification, troubleshooting, resolution, and index tuning databases.

.
Contact this candidate