** *****’ experience working on various components of Microsoft SQL Server and visualization tools, Implementing solutions in Business Intelligence, Data analytics. Possess strong SQL skills and specialize in problem solving and multitasking. Curious to improve skills, adapt to new technologies and eager to practice advanced Data/BI engineering.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Analytics & Visualization: Power BI, SSRS, Microsoft Excel
Development tools: Microsoft Azure, SSIS, MS SQL Server, GCP
Programming Languages: SQL, T-SQL, XML
Project Management: Agile methodology (Scrum), MS SharePoint, JIRA and TFS

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Senior Business Intelligence Developer Intersocietal Accreditation Commission (IAC) March 2016 – Present
Working under Director of BI in implementing efficient, data-driven solutions and Scaled Data analysis skills by understanding the business within a short time. Operating continuous improvement across systems and process in AGILE methodology.
Data Solutions & Analytics leader, leading a team of two members with a focus of building solutions for different stakeholders and users within and outside the organization.
Partnering closely with Engineering, Product, Business teams to deliver high impact and high value solutions through visualization using Power BI.
Implementing modernization project by creating data models in Power BI, Star Schema and built BI dashboards and designed self-service models using Power BI.
Performed Power BI Desktop Data Modelling, which cleans, transforms, mash-up data from multiple sources. Designed Power BI data model with multiple fact tables and dimensions depending on business requirements.
Experience with query editor features like merge & append query, split column, conditional column, extract, pivot and un-pivot, add column, transpose, write M FORMULA using advanced query editor, delete column, remove null, errors.
Implemented complex DAX expressions, embedded queries, measures and appropriate relationships from user input as per the requirement.
Designed and created interactive reports and data visualization in Power BI. Published reports in required origination. .
Utilized Power Query in Power BI to Pivot and Un-Pivot the data model for data cleansing and data massaging.
Created several user roles and groups for the end user and provided row level security to them.
Worked with table and matrix visuals, worked with different levels of filters like report level, visual level and page level filters.
Created reports utilizing SSRS, Excel services, Power BI and deployed them on SharePoint Server.
Experience in scheduling refresh of Power BI reports, daily on demand.
Creating Databases and working on SQL Server Integration Server SSIS to write code in Script Task (VB Scripting) to send Email notifications to different facilities on conditional basis.
Developed various kinds of reports using complex formulas and to query the database to generate different types of ad-hoc reports using SSRS which send to staff members giving updates on the status of different notifications sent on timely basis.
Knowledge on migrating on premise ETLs to Google Cloud Platform (GCP) using cloud native tools such as BIG query, Cloud Data Proc, Google Cloud Storage, Composer.
Very keen on knowing newer techno stack that Google Clod Platform (GCP) adds.
Created Power Pivot reports as per the client requirement.
Involved in a complete SDLC life cycle including requirement-gathering, design, and coding.
Participated in Project Engagement/Vendor meetings. Worked with C suite level executive team to present the data.
Extensive use of SQL for writing complex queries for data analysis and creating stored procedures, views for reporting needs which involved heavy XML usage.

SSRS Developer T. Rowe Price Nov’15 – Feb’16
Employee Time Tracking Project was a migration project from Oracle which involved a lot of data transformation before the data is loaded into SQL Server.
Involved in migrating the Employee time tracking system from MS SQL Server.
Worked on various ETL processes to for the data move using SSIS.
Created a DB with various components including working on Stored procedures to support the time tracking reporting project.
Generated various Monthly, Quarterly, Bi-Yearly, Yearly reports by different type of reports using SSRS for the employee time tracking project using SSRS.
Used cascaded parameters to generate a report from two different data sets.
Performed Index analysis for tables and came up with more efficient solutions to use Clustered and Non-Clustered Indexes for significant performance boost. Analyzed different scripts to find the bottlenecks in SQL code on various projects.
Wrote several SQL scripts to have required check constraints, Indexes, and Views as per existing Business Rules. Also Created Database Maintenance Planner for the Performance of SQL Server, which covers Database Integrity Checks, Update Database Statistics and Re-indexing.
Wrote scripts to check for duplicate records and delete/modify them on this staging table depending on the business rule.
Setup and maintained Linked Servers.

SQL Data Analyst Berkely Technology Services Oct’14 – Oct’15
Worked on a heavy ETL process project.
Worked on various SSIS package which involved modifying the existing Packages for transformations and new packages which involved calling the web services.
Worked on Various stored procedures as per the business needs for the reporting needs.
Responsible for fixing hundreds of critical defects addressed during data conversion.
Updated mapping tables related to assigned functional areas as directed by the Business Analysts
Analyzed the Business Requirement Documents and laid out steps for the data extraction, business logic, and implementation using SSIS.
Optimized query tuning and modernized existing stored procedures, thus increasing report execution efficiency by 90%.

Programmer Analyst (BI) Cognizant Jul’10 – Nov’13
Achieved quantitative results like 95% performance improvement, 99% space optimization & 100% data quality preservation.
Steered all offshore development in data reporting space & handled deployments of ETL & business intelligence reporting solutions.
Managing SQL Query Analyzer, scheduling jobs with SQL Server Agent, and SQL Profiler.
Developed complex stored procedures using T-SQL to generate reports.
Proper use of Indexes to enhance the performance of individual queries and hence the Stored Procedures.
Involved in creation of the database, creating tables, writing stored procedures, functions, triggers.

EDUCATION: Bachelor of Engineering, Computer Science, Osmania University, Hyderabad Sept 2006 – June 2010
AWARDS: Associate of the Month Cognizant
Contact this candidate