Kumar R
POWER BI/SQL BI Developer
Email: ad8hzu@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: +1-980-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

8+ years of IT experience as a SQL Server Developer that includes Database Design and Development of MS SQL Server 2022/2019/2016/2012/2008.
Experience in developing BI Applications utilizing SQL Server, BI Stack, Power BI, and Tableau.
Exposed to all phases of software development life cycle SDLC including in-depth knowledge of Agile methodology, Enterprise Reporting Life Cycle, SQL Server Migrations, Change control rules, problem management and escalation procedures.
Experience in Data Modeling, Database Design, SQL Scripting, Development, and Implementation of Client-Server & Business Intelligence (SSIS, SAS, and SSRS) applications.
Expertise in scripting T-SQL queries, complex stored procedures, Views, user defined functions (UDF), Database triggers.
Hands on experience in working on AWS S3, Glue, EC2, Dynamo DB, CloudWatch, IAM, RDS.
Proficient in debugging Stored Procedures and Triggers in SQL Server and PL/SQL.
Experience in Performance Tuning, Monitoring and Optimization of T-SQL blocks in both Development and Production environment for SQL server database.
Strong knowledge in Data Extraction, Transforming and Loading (ETL) between Homogenous and Heterogeneous System using SQL tools (SSIS, DTS, Bulk Insert, BCP, and XML).
Used SSIS and T-SQL stored procedures to transfer data from OLTP databases to staging area and finally transfer into data marts.
ETL processes include migrating data from a DB2 database to SQL Server. Implemented high availability on the various servers using replication/mirroring.
Expert in creating SSIS packages to manage SQL Server databases and SQL Server objects between instances of SQL Server.
Proficient in using Erwin Data Modeler to design, visualize, and maintain conceptual, logical, and physical data models.
Generated comprehensive documentation and reports from Erwin, including data model diagrams, metadata reports, and data lineage diagrams.
Experience in Developing and extending SSAS Cubes, Dimensions and data source views SSAS-Data Mining Models and Deploying and Processing SSAS objects.
Strong experience in creating and deploying dashboards, parameterized reports using Power BI and writing custom DAX functions.
Created analytical reports and visualizations with Microsoft Excel Power BI tools (Power View, Power pivot and Mapping) for exploratory analysis for data analysts.
Experienced in working Snowflake Database, Schema and Table structures.
Expert in generating Drilldown reports, Parameterized reports, Linked reports, Ad-Hoc reports, Sub reports and filters, charts in SSRS 2019/2016/2012/2008.
Extensive knowledge of designing, developing, and deploying various kinds of reports using SSRS using relational and multidimensional data.
Expertise in generating reports using SQL Server Reporting Services, Crystal Reports and MS-Excel spreadsheets.
Data mining/wrangling, data visualization in Tableau, communication, and statistical analysis
Translated Data from different sources using SQL/Python to manipulate data and Tableau in data visualization.
Experience with load balancing, high availability, disaster recovery, and storage architecture.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Languages
SQL, T-SQL, PL/SQL, Embedded SQL, C, C++, Python, C#.NET, VB.NET
Databases
SQL Server 2022/2019/2012 R2/2008, Teradata, MongoDB, PostgreSQL SharePoint, Oracle 9i, MS Access
Reporting Tools
Power BI, SQL Server Business Intelligence Studio (SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, DTS), Erwin, BI 4.2, Tableau, QlikView 12, Google Analytics
ETL Tools
SSIS, SQL Server 2000/2005 DTS, Import Export Data, Bulk Copy Program (BCP)
Operating Systems
Windows, Unix, Linux, Mac
Database Tools
SQL Query Analyzer, SQL Enterprise Manager, Management Studio, SQL Server Query Editor, Solution Explorer, Analysis Manager, Reporting Server
Methodologies
Logical and Physical Database Design, UML, Database Design and Normalization, Data Modeling, Data Visualization
Cloud
AWS, GCP, Microsoft Azure
Version Control
Git, GitHub, Bitbucket
Big Data Ecosystem
Hadoop, Hive, Scala, Spark

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

United Airlines, Houston, TX, Sept 2022 – Till now
BI Developer
Responsibilities:
Designed database schemas and structures using Erwin, ensuring alignment with business requirements and industry best practices.
Developed complex reports in Power BI, resulting in a 30% increase in data analysis efficiency.
Implemented data visualization best practices, resulting in a 20% improvement in report readability.
Created and maintained DAX expressions, resulting in a 25% decrease in report development time.
Implemented and optimized Teradata SQL queries for efficient data retrieval and manipulation.
Supports migration of legacy data warehousing and reporting to a Snowflake / Power BI platform.
Wrote complex Spark SQL queries for data analysis to meet business requirements.
Created complex SSAS cubes with multiple fact measures groups, and multiple dimension hierarchies based on the OLAP reporting needs.
Designed and developed multidimensional and tabular cubes using Microsoft Analysis Services.
Created complex Stored Procedures, Views, Triggers, Functions, Indexes, SQL joins and other T-SQL code to implement business rules. Implemented different types of constraints on tables for consistency.
Develop SSIS, SSRS / T-SQL Code and schedules jobs for Jobs Monitoring Automation.
Shared reports in Power BI and Tableau service to entire Organization in Office 365.
Designed and implemented ETL processes to extract data from various source systems, transform it according to business requirements, and load it into the data warehouse.
Utilized tools such as SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), Informatica, or Talend for ETL development.

Worked with larger data set in power bi (1-2 M rows).
Created different KPI using calculated key figures and parameters.
Actively participated in knowledge-sharing sessions and communities to stay updated on the latest features and advancements in Erwin.
Created multiple schemas, Views and join in Snowflakes for Data modeling.
Performed Naïve Bayes, KNN, Logistic Regression, Random Forest, SVM and XGBoost to identify whether a design will default or not.
Developed and deployed the outcome using spark and Scala code in Hadoop cluster running on GCP.
Actively involved in all phases of data science project life cycle including Data Extraction, Data Cleaning, Data Visualization and building Models.
Develop and deploy SSIS packages, configuration files, and scheduled jobs to run the packages to generate data in CSV files.
Utilized Power Query in Power BI to Pivot & Un-pivot the data model for data cleansing and data massaging.
Creating and managing schema objects such as Tables, Views, Indexes, and referential integrity depending on user requirements.
Provided 24 X 7 support based on the schedule provided.
Environment: MS-SQL Server 2022/2019/2014/2012, MS-SQL Server Integration Services SSIS, MS-SQL Server Reporting Services SSRS, Power BI, DAX, Snowflake, SnowSQL, Windows Server 2019/2012, VB.NET, MS-SQL Server Analysis Services SSAS, T- SQL, DAX, MDX, Team Foundation Server.

Vanguard Group, Malvern, PA Jan 2020 – Aug 2022
POWER BI/SQL BI Developer

Responsibilities:
Implemented data quality checks and cleansing routines to ensure accuracy and consistency of data in the data warehouse.
Worked on various mingle tasks for different sprints contributing for hyper loop process and Bullet train.
Created different SQL jobs and maintained those jobs in the production.
Acted as a subject matter expert (SME) for Erwin-related inquiries and troubleshooting.
Worked on the cube deployment and star schema deployment to different data bases.
Performed tune to optimize SQL queries using SQL profiler and query analyzer.
Worked on deploying the code and unit testing in different team environments.
Involved in performance tuning using indexing (Cluster Index, Non-Cluster index) tables.
Implemented version control and change management processes for data models using Erwin's built-in features or external version control systems.
Export reports in various formats like MS Excel, PDF, MS Word, Text, and CSV.
Used ServiceNow for resolving incident tickets and creating change management tickets for production changes.
Worked in developing Tabular model for Dashboard and Generating the power view Reports.
Created Tableau dashboard reports as per the business requirements from the legacy reports.
Monitor and maintain SQL jobs and Power BI reports for data accuracy and worked on performance improvement of the reports.
Worked on Tabular Data warehouse and DAX operations for SSAS 2017 and 2008 OLAP databases.
Worked on Integration of HLC reports with Power BI.
Created SSIS packages to extract data from OLTP to OLAP systems and scheduled Jobs to call the packages and Stored Procedures.
Developed Power BI model used for financial reporting of P&L and Headcount.
Used various sources to pull data into Power BI such as SQL Server, SAP BW, Oracle, SQL Azure etc.
With the help of visualizations in Power BI, created various visualization like Pie charts, bar graphs, Tree maps etc., that will helpful easily to understand the data.
Designed SSIS Packages to extract, transform, load (ETL) existing data into SQL Server from different environments for the SSAS cubes.
Hands-on experience with Teradata utilities such as Fastload, Multiload, and BTEQ for efficient data loading and processing.
Worked with AWS S3, Glue, EC2, Dynamo DB, CloudWatch, IAM, Lambda. Created AWS Pipelines using EC2 instance and DynamoDB and Glue.
Created data dictionary, Data mapping for ETL and application support, DFD, ERD, mapping documents, metadata, DDL and DML as required.
Created End to End solution for implementing multiple new vendor data Feeds (e.g.: MSCI, Clarity AI, GREB)
Created various types of data visualizations using R, Python and Power BI.

Environment: MS SQL Server 2019/2017/2014, SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Power BI, AWS, Snowflakes, Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS), SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS), Informatica ETL and Windows 2019 Server, ServiceNow.

Crum & Forster, Morristown, NJ April 2017 – Dec 2019
SQL BI Developer

Responsibilities:
Conducted DB management, Performance measurement and Performance tuning for new databases by using SQL Profiler, Data Engine Tuning Advisor, and Index Tuning Wizard.
Designed Star Schema (identification of facts, measures, and dimensions) and Snowflake Schema.
Development and Creation of Complex Stored Procedures, Triggers and Functions.
Fine-tuning Stored Procedures to improve the performance by removing the unnecessary cursors.
Usage of Active Directory to identity management design for providing strong authentication and authorization for internal and external websites.
Maintained comprehensive documentation of data warehousing processes, including ETL workflows, data models, and data lineage.
Implemented different types of constraints on the tables. Usage of Try, Catch, and error for exception handling.
Development of physical and logical data modeling tools such as Erwin and ER/Studio.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams, including business stakeholders, data analysts, and IT professionals, to gather requirements and deliver data warehousing solutions.
Used Power BI Power Pivot to develop data analysis prototype, and used Power View, Power Map and Power Pivot to visualize reports.
Good knowledge of Normalization/De-normalization, data design methodology and building Referential Integrity.
Built Strategic, Analytical, and operational dashboards using Tableau.
Developed story telling dashboards in Tableau Desktop and published them on to Tableau Server which allowed end users to understand the data on the fly with the usage of quick filters for on demand needed information.
Worked on large manufacturing data sets.
Developed Wrapper in Python for instantiating multi-threaded application.
Reviewed basic SQL queries and edited inner, left, and right joins in Tableau Desktop by connecting live/dynamic and static datasets.
Tableau integration for enhanced experience for the users.
Processed Python, R, and SQL in data analytics to collect, understand, transform, cleanse, store, and share users’ data, leading to increased efficiency in all processes.
Evaluated patterns and meaningful insights from data through qualitative and quantitative analysis.

Environment: Tableau, Server, MS Office Suite, SQL Server, SQL, T-SQL, SAS, SSRS, SSIS, MS Excel, Teradata, Agile.

BillionApps, India May 2015 – Dec 2016
MS SQL BI Developer

Responsibilities:
Involved in writing scripts for the client's requirements for reporting purposes.
Extensive working knowledge in Application testing, Data Modeling, Data migration, Data Warehousing, and OLTP, OLAP Database projects.
Transformed the data using different SSIS transformations like Aggregate, split, join, merge, derived column, Multicast, term extraction and data conversion of SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS).
Responsible for deploying/scheduling SSIS packages as per schedule.
Developed the SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) packages to transform data from SQL 2016 to MS SQL 2017 as well as Created interface stored procedures used in SSIS to load/transform data to the database.
Created the automated processes for the activities such as database backup processes and SSIS Packages run sequentially using SQL Server Agent job.
Back-end Experience in MS SQL Server development, writing T-SQL stored procedures, views, triggers, cursors, UDFs.
Extensively used SSIS Import/Export Wizard, for performing the ETL operations.
Created SSIS packages to pull data from SQL Server and exported to Excel Spreadsheets and vice versa.
Experience in SSIS script task, look up transformations and data flow tasks using T- SQL and Visual Basic (VB) scripts. Created ETL packages using SSIS to extract data from different data sources reformats the data and load the reformatted data into destination tables.
Used Scripts task for Data Flow and Error Handling in SSIS.
Generated Monthly, Yearly, Quarterly, and daily reports in POWER BI.
Used reporting objects like Tabular, Matrix, Sub Reports, Parameterized reports using SSRS 2014.
Developed several stored procedures to handle large amount of data manipulation.
Used Reporting Services (SSRS) to schedule reports to be generated on predetermined time.
Interacted with the Business Admin and gather the requirements and analyzed them.
Written queries for the drill down reports and deployed the generated reports on to the server using MS SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).
Purchasing, setting up, and configuring a Tableau Server and MS-SQL 2016 server for Data warehouse purpose.
Designed SSIS Packages to extract, transfer, load (ETL) existing data into SQL Server from different environments for the SSAS cubes.
Involved in Tabular Data warehouse and DAX operations for SSAS 2014 and 2008 OLAP databases.
Developed Multi-Dimensional Objects (Cubes, Dimensions) using SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS).

Environment: SQL Server 2016/2014, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, T-SQL, Access, Tableau, Tableau Server, Excel, Visual Studio, Data Analyzer, Business Objects 6.5, ERwin 4.0, Visual Studio.NET 1.1, IIS, ASP, C#, Oracle 9i.

EDUCATION:
Bachelors in engineering & Technology, Anurag Engineering College, India.

CERTIFICATION:
AWS Solution Architect- Associate
Contact this candidate