Umashankar Somasundaram

Contact: +1-856-***-****

E-Mail: adb02p@r.postjobfree.com Skype Id: Umashankar. Somasundaram

S O F T W A R E D E V E L O P M E N T & C o n s u l t i n g - S A P

Extensive experience in executing full life-cycle development projects, ramping-up projects within time, budget & quality parameters, as per project management & best practice guidelines

PROFILE SUMMARY

SAP BW/BI/HANA and SAP ABAP Certified Professional with 12+ years of relevant experience in IT Industry and that includes 6 years of experience as Team Lead/Project Lead and Architect.
Worked on Data Modelling, Data Provisioning, Reporting and vast experience working on HANA Enterprise Modelling including creation and partitioning.
Dynamic and proactive professional with knowledge of SAP BW/BI/ABAP, dexterous in implementing SAP BW/BI/ABAP Program as Project team member.
Experience in migrating the Standard DSO and Info Cube to HANA Optimized DSO and Info Cubes and experience in importing BW Models Info cubes, DSO in HANA.
Hands on experience in SAP Functional requirement analysis and gathering, development, BRD preparation, data mapping, customization and issue resolution troubleshooting, data extraction, ETL Methodology, Performance issue optimization and all phases in SAP Methodology - testing and Go-Live activities includes the entire architecture.
Expert in SAP BW/BI Data-Modeling, Data Extraction, Data Loading, Scheduling, Monitoring, Reporting, Support Pack Upgrade and Performance Tuning.
Managed SAP functional core modules such as: configuration activities, Preparation of Gap Analysis and workarounds for SAP implementation and Success Factors process. Proficient in automating QA Process using Project Specific tool. Proficient in the use of SAP support portal, SCN, SDN, OSS and related tools for research and maintainability purpose.
Functioned as a liaison between the technical and business partners by using communication skills and technical background to assist in bridging any gaps between both groups.
Expertise in performing SQL Data Analysis on massive data feeds for retrieval and validation of data output, coordination of data migration and validation.
Coordinated SAP system and business process training, including creation of detailed SAP transaction work instructions and process flow diagrams, for clients and end-users.
Modeled current business processes and proposed process improvements utilizing Visio workflow diagrams.
Expertise in Integration Testing, Functional Testing, Regression Testing, User Interface Testing, Product Testing, Installation Testing, Compatibility Testing, Performance (Load & Stress) Testing, Parallel Testing, non-E2E Testing, GUI Testing, User Acceptance Testing (UAT), Black Box, Transaction Testing, In-stream Testing, Cross-Stream Testing and Automated Testing.
Worked on BW 3.5 to BW 7.0 Migration and also BW to HANA Migration Project with both Native HANA and SAP BW on HANA Landscapes based on HANA ASAP Methodology.
Expertise in gathering business requirements, systems analysis, systems design & solution architecture, developing solutions for complex business applications through all phases of the system development life cycle including analysis, design, configuration, development, testing, implementation, production support/maintenance functions, end-user training, developing functional design, technical design, business process and implementation plan documents.
Good Experience using ABAP/4 Workbench Tools, reporting, customization, conversion and data extraction, Smart forms, Scripts, Module Pool, Enhancements and User Exits. Strong understanding of OLAP Data warehouse concepts, Dimensional Data Model and Star Schema.
Expertise in designing/developing/configuring SAP BI objects Info Objects, Info Sources, Data Source, ODS, DSO, Info Cubes, Info Sets, Transfer Rules, Update Rules, Transformations, DTP’s, Info Providers, Multiprovider’s, Data Marts, Info spokes/Open Hub, Info Packages, Process Chains and Activation & Enhancing the Business Content
Having Function expertise knowledge on Sales and Distribution (SD), Material Management (MM), Warehouse Management (WM) and Production Planning (PP), Financial Accounting and Controlling (FICO) & Customer Relationship Management (CRM).

LANGUAGES/SOFTWARE/MODULE: SAP BI/BW, SAP HANA, SAP ABAP, SAP BODS, SAP BPC, SAP BOBJ, FIORI, SAP BO, OBIEE, Hadoop, HDFS, MapReduce, AWS, Java Struts, EJB, Servlet, JSP and HTML.
TOOLS: REMEDY, SHAREPOINT, CONTROL_M and IBM Tivoli.
Reporting Tool: Power BI and Micro strategy, Webi.
METHODIOLOGIES: AGILE Methodology & Waterfall.
INDUSTRIES: Logistics, Finance, Life Science, HealthCare and Telecom.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
BW/BI – Skills
Expertise in Data Modelling, which include Info cube design, Operational Data Store, Info Source, Transfer rules, Update rules, Info sets, Multi providers etc.
Enhanced the data sources by using the ABAP code and ensured it met the client requirements. Wrote the Start routines, End routines, Field routines, and expert routines as and when necessary.
Expert on leveraging of Business Content Objects. Experience on Logistics extraction in modules like sales and distribution, finance, inventory etc. Experience in filling of the set-up tables for enables the delta initialization and for Full loads.
Experience in creation of Generic Extractors using table, view and Function modules.
Extensively involved in extraction of Master and Transaction Data from both SAP Systems, Non-SAP Systems.
Experience in enabling the delta for generic extractors and load them into BW through info packages.
Performed the House keeping activities in BW.
Created Exceptions, Conditions, Filters, Free Characteristics, Calculated Key Figures, Restricted Key Figures, Formulas, Report to Report interface created the reports and publishing reports to the users using Bex broad casting.
Created the Naming convention document and KT handover document as per the project need. Created the Process chain for daily, weekly and Monthly loads.
Experience on assigning Roles, creating authorization objects, roles. Created the customer exit variables using ABAP code in CMOD.
Maintained the BW server on weekly basis by checking the table space, free space monitoring, batch jobs, missing indexes, system logs etc. Configuration of Broadcast setting for report distribution/publication.
ABAP – Skills
Working knowledge on SAP tables and Enhancements and Module Pool Programming.
Knowledge on Start Routine, End Routine and Expert Routine.
Implementing OSS note and working knowledge on Smart forms/SAP Scripts.
Working knowledge and experience on implementing OOPs ABAP Concepts
Expertise in writing classical, ALV Grid reports and Dialog and OO programming
Extensive experience in RICEF Concepts and Data Dictionary Concepts
Working knowledge on BAPI, IDOC and ALE concepts. Experience in working on BADI, User exit and Customer exit.

CERTIFICATES

SAP Certified Net Weaver Consultant in ABAP Version 6.7
Sun Certified in Java Professional 5.0v
Sun Certified in Web Component Developer 5.0v
Oracle Certified Associates from Brain Bench.
Appreciations Certificate for CMMI Maturity Level 3 from HCL.
Certified for Internet Learning Program from Sify and Nixi.

PROJECT DETAILS

Crown Equipment Corporation, New Bremen, OH, USA Nov’19 to Current
Project Name: LeverX to BW Implementation Project
Environment: SAP BW 7.5, SAP ABAP, SAP HANA
SAP BW/ABAP Developer

Responsibilities:
Identified and provided analysis in bringing the LeverX data of nearly 40 database tables into BW and created the Technical Design specifications document.
Understood then functional needs from Business on bringing the LeverX Data as Reports through BW system by considering the mapping between all the LeverX tables and framed all these into technical specifications and ensure a comprehensive data warehouse design with business on planning, prioritizing, requirement gathering.
Developed the Custom Function modules extractor along with its defined structure and views and implemented the delta enabled data source to get the necessary LeverX data into BW system landscape.
Developed the flow for Supplier Performance, Quality Management Reports and also enhanced the FI AR flows.
Developed the Webi Reports as per the customer requirement and bring the pie and bar chart out of the reporting data.
Kubota Tractor Corporation, Grapevine, TX, USA July’19 to Nov’19
Project Name: KTC Dashboard Project
Environment: SAP BW 7.5, SAP ABAP, SAP HANA and Power BI
Business Intelligence Lead - Onsite

Responsibilities:
Created Proof of Concepts on SAP BW, Bex and Power BI to help understand the requirement with the Business and to analyze the performance issues in the design.
Regularly interacted with the functional team and Business team to understand their Reporting Requirements and creating related informational document.
Created queries using BI- Reporting variables (using Offset values) and created YTD (Year to date) and MTD (Month to date) and Financial Year values. Involved in all ABAP customer exit coding development, Data modeling and designing reports as per the requirement.
Worked closely with PMO Team, IT Director and Executive team to set overall enterprise BI strategy, analyzing business goals, rules, and processes across all phases of the Project and gave my inputs for their future projects.
Designing and setting up multiple meetings with Business Team and center of excellence team for Proof of Concept on Single Sign on Concept for client’s portal.
Worked on creating ADSOs, Cubes, Composite Provider and flat file data source, customer exits, OOPs ABAP coding in Include program that satisfies the clients requirement.
Campbell Soup Company, Camden, NJ, USA November’16 to June’19
Project Name: Maestro Project/HANA Migration
Environment: SAP BW 7.0 and 7.3, SAP ABAP, SAP HANA and SAP APO
SAP Technical Onsite Developer/Co-Ordinator

Responsibilities:
Interact with business representatives to gather requirements, prioritize work, develop enhancements to the existing system,
Coordinate testing and perform change management/training for BI Reporting and applications.
Design and development of reliable, flexible, scalable and responsive BI solutions which are aligned with the global delivery strategy.
Proficient in Data Extraction from SAP R/3 FI/CO, MM, SD, PM and QM, flat files and BW using extraction structures such as LIS, LO Cockpit, CO-PA, FI and Generic Extractors.
Developed the following HANA Data Models: Attribute Views for master data, Analytic Views for Transaction Data and Calculation Views Graphical and SQL Script to Join/Union the various Attribute and Analytic Views for report consumption with time dimensions.
Worked on MDS/LDS requirement for the complete flow development for the DP and SNP Forecasting Process.
Working on SAP HANA Data flow enhancement that supports the Micro strategy reporting and working on the Migration for SAP BW to SAP HANA. Enhanced the EPM Object flows with ABAP OOPs code.
HANA and Business Objects Development done across all the business Areas for the BI Projects: Developed all Technical Specifications based on Functional Specifications that outlines required Characteristics, Measures and Business Rules. The Technical Specification outlined the overall HANA design to meet and satisfy the Business Reporting Requirements.
Involved in creation of Calculated attributes, measures, Restricted measures, Calculated columns, filters, hierarchies, variables, input parameters to satisfy reporting requirements using SAP HANA Studio and Eclipse.
CA Technologies, New York, USA August’16 to November’16
Project Name: QTCT, SAP Integration
Environment: SAP BW 7.0 and 7.3, SAP ABAP, RevStream, Informatics, ODS
SAP BW/BI/ABAP and RevStream Developer

Responsibilities:
Interact with business representatives to gather requirements, prioritize work, develop enhancements to the existing system,
Coordinate testing and perform change management/training for BI Reporting and applications.
Design and development of reliable, flexible, scalable and responsive BI solutions which are aligned with the global delivery strategy.
Assist the Global BI Delivery Lead in the development of the report design and development procedures.
Develop expertise required to deliver exception BI for the specialist functional area, (e.g. SAP business warehouse, and SAP strategic enterprise management, SAP NetWeaver BI solution).
Responsible for the design and development of the data acquisition process, data mapping, SAP extractors, DSO, InfoCube, Info Objects, etc. in an SAP BI NetWeaver 7.0 environment and will estimate, schedule, design and execute the various reporting projects.
Worked on creating the data dictionary for BEx Reporting which includes creating queries, use Conditions, exceptions, variables, calculated key figures, and restricted key figures.
Completely trained in RevStream tool and worked on the documentation on the Integration of RevStream tool with SAP.
Involved in guiding the technical team for Implementing New GL, activated new Ledger, Performed document splitting, Parallel Accounting and periodic processing.
Quantilus Inc., New York, USA March ’16 to July’ 16
Project Name: Middleware – Discover Simple HR
Environment: Hadoop, AWS, MapReduce and HDFS.
SAP BW/BI/HANA/ABAP Developer

Responsibilities:
•Gained the Knowledge on Amazon S3 Integration and developed Map Reduce Program to Clean and post the data into Amazon S3 Bucket using Hadoop.
•Handled importing of data from various data sources, performed transformations using PIG, MapReduce, loaded data into HDFS and extracted data from MySQL into HDFS.
Vodafone Services, Accenture Services, Bangalore, India Jan’15 to March’ 16
Project Name: Release 14.5 to Release 17
Environment: SAP BW 7.0 and 7.3, SAP ABAP, SAP R/3 ECC 5.0, BEx, FI-CO, CO-PA, SD, MM, WM.
SAP BW/BI/HANA/ABAP Team Lead
Responsibilities:
Preparation & documentation of report’s Functional and technical specification. Reviewed project budgets and resolved discrepancies, requirements gathering, oversaw project teams and client deliverables
Gathered business-reporting requirements, designed and developed solutions, tested/verified the solutions and moved them to production, and provided ongoing support.
Conducted Defect Review meetings with analysts, users and developers to discuss defect reports.
Involved in Implementing LSA Architecture in BW Landscape and LSA++ POC data model in HANA System.
Worked extensively on creating the data models in the FICO modules (CCA/WBS/GL/FI-AP, AR/PO, COPA and FICO) Extractions and installed Business Content for the other modules such as MM, WM and SD.
Uploaded cost center data (CO-PA) into cost center for analyzing actual and plan data, replicated data sources, and made delta uploads using time stamp method.
Self-motivated in handling the work assigned and in adherence with SLA deliverables and meeting deadlines.
Created custom queries and defined Calculated Key Figures, Restricted Key Figures, Text Variables, etc. For customized reporting using BEx Analyzer, Designed and developed several workbooks and global Views.
Hands-on experience in Dimensional and Relational Data Modeling: Star Schemas, Extended Star Schemas, Normalization, De-normalization, Performance Indicators (KPI) and other OLAP considerations.
Creation of Reports such that the execution time is evenly distributed throughout the Report using Restricted Key Figures, Calculated Key Figures, Variables, Exceptions, Conditions and RRI concept.
Developed BEx Reports and Queries on top of the BW Multiprovider’s and created the queries on top of BPC Providers.
Extensively involved in SAP BW Accelerator (BWA) setup and index creation. Also implemented BWA to improve query performance.
Strong in BW Performance Tuning (Query and load performance), SQL tuning, indexing and partitioning
Good experience in researching SAP issues through OSS, applying OSS Notes and creating the Customer Messages
Interacted with business analysts, end users, functional experts, process teams, SME’s, Finance controllers, senior managers, executives and COE to identify the requirements
Excellent experience in data extraction from legacy applications, non-SAP and SAP
Extensively Worked on LO Cockpit and performing necessary procedures like setting up of update Mode, deleting set up tables, filling up of set up tables and loaded data from ECC to BI system.
Rich experience on the application manual testing and as well as Application Automation Testing
ExxonMobil Company, Disys, Chennai, India July’14 to Jan’ 15
Project Name: Support Pack Upgrade and OSS Note Implementation
Environment: SAP BW 7.0 and 7.3, SAP ABAP, SAP R/3 ECC 5.0, BEx, FI-CO, CO-PA, SD, MM, WM.
SAP BW/BI/ABAP Team Lead
Responsibilities:
Involved in Pre & Post upgrade activity such as report comparison results in BW and ABAP Systems.
Involved in testing and reconciling the data coming from third party system to SAP.
Checking inactive objects (Info cube, DSO, Info Objects, Info Sets, DTPs Transformations, Update rules) and cleared all the open Transport Requests.
Extract the data from all source system to target after upgrade and reconciled the same. Worked on both Standard and Customized Generic extractor creation and enhancement.
Developed reports by joining more than one database such as SQL server, Oracle database.
Involved in the plug-in upgrade activities like clearing the LBWQ/SM13 and RSA7 queues on R/3 and support pack upgrade activities on BI.
Rich experience on the application manual testing and as well as Application Automation Testing.
Extensively involved in monitoring the process chains and info package groups and resolving the post upgrade production issues.
Worked with Basis team for BI system configuration. Raised OSS note with SAP and implemented the notes. Also as per the client requirement, I have implemented various OSS note along with its prerequisite correction instructions.
Cognizant Technology Solutions, India July’13 to July’ 14
Project Name: Clorox Support and Maintenance
Client Name: The Clorox Company
Environment: SAP BW 7.0 and 7.3, SAP R/3 ECC 5.0, BEx, FI-CO, CO-PA, SD, MM, WM.
SAP BW/BI/BPC/ABAP Consultant

Responsibilities:
Daily monitoring of the process chains. Resolving frequent failures on data loads. Escalation according to the business process (Communication Channel & Execution Channel).
Worked extensively on creating the data models in the FICO modules (CCA/WBS/GL/FI-AP, AR/PO, COPA and FICO) Extractions. Involved extensively in enhancing and taken care of the house keeping activities.
Worked on Reconciliation issues and resolve the data issues in BW system. Given better suggestions on existing process chains to avoid the maximum time consuming on data loads.
Developed reports by joining more than one database such as SQL server, Oracle database. Involved in the creation of data models and installing business contents and reports for SAP MM, WM, PM and SD modules.
Extracted data from data sources like 2LIS_02_ITM, 2LIS_02_SCL, 2LIS_02_HDR and populated into the procurement info cubes 0PUR_C07, 0PUR_C08, and 0PUR_C09 to evaluate service levels.
Rich experience on the application manual testing and as well as Application Automation Testing
Involved in SAP BPC implementation, configuration, and upgrade and environment management. Involved in data extraction and conversion between BPC and BW systems.
Managed and monitored data loads with Full, Init, Repair-Full and delta mechanism in Production System post transports of enhancements/changes. Architecting reporting requirements into technical design and development. Created Info providers & BEx queries to simulate/validate results achieved from reports.
Performed LO Cockpit extraction, Knowledgeable in LIS, Generic and CO-PA extraction. Worked on both Standard and Customized Generic extractor creation and enhancement.
Extensively involved in SAP BW Accelerator (BWA) setup and index creation. Also implemented BWA to improve query performance. Carrying out Performance tuning by using Run Time Analysis and SQL Trace Tool.
Designed, developed and implemented enterprise-level Business Intelligence solutions to address ongoing business strategies
Based on business requirements, technology standards and service level agreements
Interacted with senior management and business leaders to elicit business and technical information in order to produce high-quality decision-making solutions.
Worked closely with SME’s, functional specialists and process owners to gather detailed business requirements and translated the requirements into robust reporting solutions.
Developed data models, data flow diagrams, functional design and technical design documents for BI Solutions.
Responsible in providing leadership, guidance, and mentoring for a team of 5 Business Intelligence members.
Identify data discrepancies and data quality issues, and work to ensure data consistency and integrity. Acted as integration point between the management, development team, business process group, BASIS and database group.
Worked extensively on BEx Analyzer in building Queries using Filters, Variables, Structures, Restricted Key Figures, Calculated Key Figures, Conditions, Exceptions and created aggregates for frequently used queries.
Extensively worked on transferring data from legacy to SAP system using various data transfer techniques such as LSMW (using Batch Input and Direct input) and BDC.
Cognizant Technology Solutions, India Jan’13 to July’13
Project Name: Variable Sales Force
Client Name: Forest Laboratories
Environment: SAP BW 7.0 and 7.3, SAP R/3 ECC 5.0, BEx, FI-CO, CO-PA, SD, MM, WM.
SAP BW/ABAP Consultant

Responsibilities:
Developed and maintained BW project plan, using ASAP methodology for the remodeling of the existing architecture. Assisted with the development and execution of integration testing and cut-over plans.
Designed and developed custom Data Sources, Info Sources, Extractors, Info Cubes and DSO'S to fulfill user requirements.
Expertise in Reports (Classical, Interactive and ALV), Module Pool Programming, and Data dictionary objects, BADI, BAPI, User exit, SAP Scripts and Smart forms.
Implemented the routine logic to populate the value as per the customer requirement for the additional enhanced fields of Transaction and Master Data Loads of FICO related table data.
Rich experience on the application manual testing and as well as Application Automation Testing
Technical discussion with BI Architects on the solutions proposed. Fit gap analysis to harmonize the backend model and Queries and Process Chains. Co-ordination with both Offshore and Onsite Team for timely deliverables.
Creation of Detailed Design, Functional Specification and technical Test Scripts for BI. Developed and managed execution of unit, cycle, integration and regression testing plans.
Daily tracking of the deliverables and communicate to project management and involved in KT and Sign-Off meetings.
Created custom extractors using function modules to extract data for material characteristics, vendor contacts and batch master.
Developing Transformations and wrote Start/End/DTP routine & Expert Routines in ABAP to incorporate Business logic and perform data manipulation.
Cognizant Technology Solutions, India Dec’12 to Jan’13
Project Name: Aggregate Spend Solutions
Client Name: Forest Laboratories
Environment: SAP BW 7.0 and 7.3, SAP R/3 ECC 5.0, BEx, FI-CO, CO-PA, SD, MM, WM.
SAP BW/ABAP Consultant

Responsibilities:
Designed and Enhanced the Master Data Attributes with additional fields.
Implemented the routine logic to populate the value as per the customer requirement for the additional enhanced fields of Master data attributes.
Enhanced the BEx Queries and BOBJ reports to cater to custom requirements for the enhanced master data attributes fields. Assigning and managing work activities, meeting deadlines and developing project management reporting
Developed cost estimates and timelines for detailed analysis, design and implementation
Worked with SME’s and functional experts to gather detailed business requirements and drive functional and technical designs. Created detailed solution documentation and presentations.
Cognizant Technology Solutions, India May’12 to Dec’12
Project Name: MI Analytics Project
Client Name: Forest Laboratories
Environment: SAP BW 7.0 and 7.3, SAP R/3 ECC 5.0, BEx, FI-CO, CO-PA, SD, MM, WM.
SAP BW/BO/ABAP Consultant

Responsibilities:
Designed BW Info cubes factoring periodic (Monthly/Biannual) restatement of data.
Implemented Metrics pertaining to Moving Average Total in the back-end design.
Used import Wizard to migrate users, groups, reports, folders, universes from different environments.
Developed BEx Queries to cater to custom requirements such as displaying latest ‘X’ month/weeks of data, Growth % over past data etc.
Created Reports (Classical, Interactive and ALV), Module Pool Programming, and Data dictionary objects, BADI, BAPI, User exit, SAP Scripts and Smart forms.
Design and development of Business Objects Universes using designer that suits standards and reporting requirements of the Business Objects users. Worked with SAP support to resolve any BO related tickets/issues.
Monitored and solved the issues encountered in Universes and reports while migration and tested before moving to production. Loaded Market Specific hierarchies and designed Process Chains for the automation of data loads
Performed Unit Testing, System Testing for Info Cube dataflow and BEx queries.
Prepared/reviewed System Design Specification documents, Unit Testing and System Testing Documents for Back end and Front-end objects. Formulated Cut-Over Plan for production go-live.
Reviewed Transport requests and mediated/coordinated their movement across the System landscape.
Designed and Developed universes using SAP BEx Queries, Multiprovider’s and relational sources.
Created a tool for Data Release Management as per the customer requirement to trigger a mail on every process chain failure. Created and enhanced OLAP universes using BEx queries and helped in developing Webi reports.
Involved in writing customer exits for all the BEx Queries as per the customer’s requirement and to address the BOBJ reports design requirement.
Cognizant Technology Solutions, India Jan’12 to May’12
Project Name: ASR Contingency Project
Client Name: Forest Laboratories
Environment: SAP BW 7.0 and 7.3, SAP R/3 ECC 5.0, BEx, FI-CO, CO-PA, SD, MM, WM.
SAP BW/ABAP Consultant
Responsibilities:
Involved in Creating DSO, Cubes and Multiprovider’s with the flows as per the design suggested by the customer.
Extensively involved in data extraction from SAP and Non-SAP Sources. Worked extensively in Flat File Extractions.
Involved in loading Master and Transaction Data. Managed and Monitored several data loads.
Analysed InfoCube with Aggregates to improve the performance and for efficient utilization of data.
Data loads were monitored, and the failed data packets are analysed and if possible, manually edited in PSA (mostly for invalid characters) and re-loaded.
Created a tool to post the file to an application server in the customer required formats.
Interacted with business users & analysts to gather Business Requirements and analysed the requirements
Performed Remodelling feature to add new Info Objects into Info Cube without deleting the existing data in InfoCube
Used BW Statistics, Query Monitor, and created Aggregates & Indexes to enhance the Query performance
Extensively used BEx Analyzer, created Queries with BEx User Exit Variables, Restricted Key Figures, Calculated Key Figures, Conditions, Exceptions etc
Cognizant Technology Solutions, India Apr’11 to Jan’12
Project Name: BOBJ Migration Project
Client Name: Forest Laboratories
Environment: SAP BW 3.5 & 7.0, SAP R/3 ECC 5.0, BEx, FI-CO, CO-PA, SD, MM, WM.
SAP BW/BO/ABAP Consultant

Responsibilities:
Extensively involved in Backend migration and Frontend migration. Worked extensively in the FI modules (CCA/WBS/GL/FI-AP, AR/PO and FICO) Extractions.
Expertise in creation of Reports (Classical, Interactive and ALV), Module Pool Programming, and Data dictionary objects, BADI, BAPI, User exit, SAP Scripts and Smart forms.
Involved in Technical migration. BW 3.5 Flow to be migrated to BI 7.0 Dataflow.
Involved as a single point of contact for all ABAP related issues. Conversion of Field level routines into transformation start routines for increasing the performance of the Data Loading.
Involved in loading Master and Transaction Data after migration.
Frontend migration – Query harmonization, compression of query by using Meridian Tool.
Conversion of harmonized query into BI 7.0 query and helped the team in writing the customer exit for the queries.
Migrated the process chain for automating the data loading process and monitored the same.
Expertise in resolving problems, troubleshoot, and performance tuning on BI systems during the time of migration and go-live.
Wipro Technologies, India June’10 to Apr’11
Project Name: Kellogg’s Maintenance and Support
Client Name: Kellogg’s
Environment: SAP BW 3.5 & 7.0, SAP R/3 ECC 5.0, BEx, FI-CO, CO-PA, SD, MM, WM.
SAP BW/ABAP Senior Developer

Responsibilities:
Interact with business to gather requirements, prioritize work, develop enhancements to the existing system, coordinate testing, and perform change management/training for BW Reporting and applications.
Involved in their major developments for their Prestigious Clients Touchstone and Wal-Mart.
Involved in Performance enhancement features such as Cube Indexing, maintaining Aggregates, Rollups and cube Compression.
Contact this candidate