Mobile: +1-781-***-**** Email: adb9un@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Summary
An Information Technology professional possessing a thorough understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) including requirement gathering, requirement analysis, design, development, implementation, testing and deployment with over 4+ years of experience as a Microsoft SQL Business Intelligence Developer.
Certified Microsoft BI developer with experience in using the Microsoft Suite (SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS), Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS), SQL Server Integration Services
(SSIS), SQL Server Reporting Services, and SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS). Participated in AGILE iterative development methodology.
Experience in creating SQL objects such as Tables, Complex Stored Procedures, Effective Functions, Views, Indexes, Triggers, Rules and SQL Performance Tuning to facilitate efficient data manipulation and consistency.
Database development experience with Microsoft SQL Server in OLTP/OLAP environments using integration services (SSIS) for ETL (Extraction, Transformation and Loading).
Designed SSIS packages to bring data from existing OLTP databases to the new data warehouse by performing different kinds of transformations like lookup transformations, merge joins, data conversion, derived columns, conditional split, data conversion with multiple data flow tasks
Scheduled jobs for executing the stored SSIS package which were developed to update the database on Daily basis using SQL Server Agent.
Experienced in handling Slowly Changing Dimensions while loading data into data warehouse.
Created SSRS report projects in BI Visual studio and created, modified and managed various report models with multiple objects, source fields and expressions.
Involved in creating parameterized reports, drill down reports, drill through reports and sub reports. Created Dashboards, Tabular, Matrix reports, Charts and graphs as per customer requirements using SSRS and to the end business users on a daily, weekly, and monthly basis.
Configured and administered report manager, created item level securities, group permissions in SQL Server Reporting Services.
Proficient with data warehouse structures staging, facts, dimensions, aggregate tables, dimensional modeling, Star/Snowflake schemas and maintaining data integrity
Developed Multi-dimensional Objects (Cubes, Dimensions) using SQL Server Analysis Services
(SSAS).Defined data sources, data source views, dimensions, measures, hierarchies, attributes, calculations, KPI’s, perspectives and roles.
A well-organized, goal-oriented, highly motivated effective team member with excellent analytical, strong ability to prioritize multiple tasks, excellent communication skills, proactive, self-managing, troubleshooting and problem-solving skills and able to quickly adapt to the given role Education/Certifications
Bachelors in Electrical and Electronics Engineering
Microsoft Certified- Querying Microsoft SQL Server 2012/21014 Gayatri Bethanaboina
adb9un@r.postjobfree.com
Sharon, MA 02067
781-***-****
Mobile: +1-781-***-**** Email: adb9un@r.postjobfree.com Summary of Technical Skills
Work Experience
Mr.Cooper, Mortgage Company March 2017-Present
SQL BI Developer
Key Responsibilities:
Worked on all activities related to the development, implementation, and support of ETL processes
Used SSIS to create ETL packages to validate, extract, transform and load data to data warehouse databases
Used advanced SSIS tools (i.e. Derived Columns, Condition Split, Data Conversion, Aggregations, Multicasting).
Contributed to the development and modification of coding standards for the team to ensure consistency, efficiency and accuracy in reporting and data analysis.
Enhanced performance using optimization techniques-normalization and indexing
Performance tuning of Queries and Stored Procedures.
Performance tuning on existing ETL packages.
Designed various SSRS reports as requested by the client
Created and developed Sub-Reports, Drill down reports, Drill through reports and Parameterized reports using SSRS.
Created Dashboards, Tabular, Matrix reports Charts and graphs as per customer requirements Using SSRS.
Rendered reports in different formats like pdf, excel etc. to be executed automatically on weekly or monthly basis and managed subscriptions.
Applied security to reports on item and folder level.
Developing OLAP cubes by identifying tables (fact and dimension), Data Source and Data Source Views, attributes and dimension members using SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS)
Designed and developed data warehouse, data marts and business intelligence using multi-dimensional models - star schema.
Environment: SQL Server 2012/2016, SSIS, SSRS, BIDS, Excel, Notepad++, XML Operating Systems Windows Server 2008/XP/Vista, Windows 7/8/10 Database Tools SQL Server Management Studio(SSMS), SQL Profiler, Query Analyzer, DTS Designer BI Tools SQL Server Business Intelligence Development Studio, ER Studio, Visual Studio 2010,2015 Languages T-SQL, DAX
OLAP Tools SSAS, SSRS
Source Control Tools Visual Source Safe (VSS), Team Foundation Server 2010 (TFS) ETL Tools SQL Server Integration Services(SSIS), DTS, SQL Server Import/Export Wizard Report Tools SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Power BI Data Modeling SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS)
Job Scheduler SQL Server Agent
Office Tools MS Excel, Service now, Share point
Mobile: +1-781-***-**** Email: adb9un@r.postjobfree.com IPeople, Software vendor in Health Care Industry April 2015-March 2017 Role: BI Developer
Key Responsibilities:
Database development utilizing Microsoft SQL Server OLTP/OLAP environments using integration services (SSIS) for ETL.
Worked in Agile/SCRUM and Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) environment.
End-to-end development from gathering requirements to deployment of SSRS reports.
Designed and developed data warehouse & data marts using multi-dimensional models - star and snowflake schemas.
Processed data from disparate data repositories and loaded it into those dimensionally modeled Data warehouse.
Created complex SSIS packages using various transformations and tasks like Sequence Containers, Script, and For Each Loop Container, Execute SQL Task, Send Mail, File System, Conditional Split, Data Conversion, Derived Column, Lookup, Merge Join, Union All, Flat file source and destination, OLE DB source and destination, excel source and destination, XML source etc.
Created various Stored Procedures to implement slowly changing dimensions with Merge Statement to validate the data from the source and update/insert the records into target tables.
Created User Defined Functions to encapsulate frequently and commonly used business logic making the system more modular, secured and extensible.
Created calculated fields, Parameters, Filters to develop user-friendly, interactive and actionable reports and dashboards.
Involved in publishing of various kinds of live interactive data visualizations dashboards and reports according to the business requirements using SQL Server Reporting Service
Strong attention to detail, documenting business and technical requirement based on user interviews.
Establish standards and best practices for dashboards and related technologies for the project.
Worked with Microsoft Reporting Service (SSRS) with Report authoring, Report management, Report delivery and Report security.
Used SSIS to create ETL packages to validate, extract, transform and load data to data warehouse databases and process SSAS cubes.
Developed complex SSAS cubes with multiple fact measures groups, and multiple dimension hierarchies based on the OLAP reporting needs.
Performed efficient tuning of SQL source queries for data load/ Usage of stored procedures for performance. Query tuning based on query execution plans, statistics, and profiling Environment: SQL Server 20012/2016, SSIS, SSRS, Visual studio 2012/2015, MS Excel, BIDS.
Contact this candidate