Raghavender
adbgny@r.postjobfree.com
Contact: +1-732-***-****

Summary:

Overall9years of experience in IT industry in the fields of Data Analysis, Design, Development, Implementation and Testing of Database and Data Warehousing
Experience in gathering the business requirement and providing Business Intelligence solutions using Tableau Desktop, Tableau Server, Business Objects, Desktop Intelligence, Central Management Console, Universe Designer, Lumira, BO Explorer, Dashboard Manager, Web Intelligence (WebI), Info View, retrieving data using Universes, Personal data files, Stored procedures, Free hand SQL methods.
Expertise in Creating Full Clients and Tableau/Web Intelligence Reports/Dashboards. Developed Universes and Canned/Ad-hoc Reports using various Sources like Oracle, SQL Server, MS Access and Excel.
Scheduled and published reports using Tableau Desktop/Server, CMC and Info View.
Extensively used Tableau reporting functionalities such as Tableau Actions, Context Filters, Quick filters, Sets and Groups.
Analyze the reporting requirements with the business users/architects and come up with the technical specifications for TableauReports/Dashboards.
Designed and Documented Universe and Report Requirements Definition templates, Security strategies, Migration strategies and Report Distribution strategies.
Excellent communication skills and a solid team member.
Worked in Agile/Scrum Methodology and Involved in sprint planning sessions and sizing the user stories in AGILE environment.
Analytical and Technical aptitude with the ability to solve complex problems, Can work very well in a team as well as independently under minimum supervision.

SkillS:

Business Intelligence / ETL
Business Objects XI 4.x/3.1/XIR2(Web Intelligence, Info View, Webi Rich client,Deski,CMC), Crystal Xcelsius 2008,Crystal Reports XIR2/2012, BODS 11,12.1, SAP BI 7.0, Informatica 8.1, Tableau Desktop 10.5/2018.1/2019.4, Tableau Server, IBM Cognos
O/S
Windows 2000,2003,NT,XP, Unix, Sun Solaris 10,Linux.
Database
Oracle 10g/11g, Sql Server 2005/2008, MS Access, Teradata 15 and IBM Netezza
Programming
SQL, PL/SQL and Transact SQL
Others
Microsoft Excel, Word, Toad
Web Servers
IIS, Apache, Tomcat

Education Details:

Bachelors of Technology from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad, India May 2007
Master of Engineering from Lamar University, Beaumont TX, USA Aug 2010

Professional Experience:

Tenet Healthcare, Dallas TXJan 2019 - Present
BI(Tableau) Developer

Tenet Healthcare leading healthcare services company working across the system to improve service delivery and patient outcomes,medical facilities, provide compassionate quality care to millions of patients through a wide range of services from wellness and primary care to chronic care management, urgent care, outpatient surgery, advanced diagnostics, rehabilitation and acute hospital care.

Responsibilities:

Designs, develops and maintains business intelligence dashboards in Business Objects, Tableau desktop using various reproducible data sources, stored procedures, view, calculations, and parameters.
Customize and Design the visualization with custom techniques to modernize the solution in Tableau.
Able to write the complex SQL to consolidate data from multiple sources to make it unified for efficient Tableau Development.
Work with the program manager to ensure project team Business Intelligence deliverables as assigned are completed accurately and on schedule in accordance with the project plan.
Responsible for interaction with business stake holders, gathering requirements and managing the delivery.
Provide technical and functional Business Intelligence expertise and guidance as required by the Tenet Healthcare management.
Build complex reports using Tableau Desktop that require data blending, joining, sub-totals, cross-tabs, multiple groups, drill down.
Build interactive and feature rich dashboards using Tableau for chief executives. Develop data visualizations using charts, drill-down and parameterized controls to highlight the value of analytics in executive decision support control.
Worked on the Agile Methodolgy to deliver the projects on Bi-Weekly basis.
Unit Test the developed solution to make sure it meets the standard and all business requirement
Engage in Change, Release, Incident and Problem management processes.
Worked on the improving the performance of the Dashboards.
Conduct and review the Tableau, Business Objects application and administration environment health checks, space utilization checks and take appropriate actions with the help of administrator.

Environment:Tableau Desktop 2018.1/2019.1/2019.4Tableau Public,Tableau Server,IBM Cognos,IBM Netezza, SQL Server and Datastage.

U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), Rockville, MDJune 2016 –Jan 2019
BIIS (Business Intelligence Information Services)
Sr.BI (Business Objects/Tableau) Developer

The Business Intelligence Information System (BIIS) is a reporting system which is used to access HHS wide Personnel (EHRP), Time and Attendance (ITAS), USA Staffing, Applicant Data Flow, Learning Management System (LMS) and payroll (DFAS) data.Customers access this data via various pre-programmed (canned) reports or through self-service reporting.

Responsibilities:

Involved in gathering, analyzing, documenting business requirements and data specifications for Business Objects Web Intelligence and Tableau Dashboards.
Developed WebI Reports, Business Intelligence Dashboards using SAP Business Objects Dashboards Tooland worked on the existing Report fixes and tested the reports in the Dev Environment to verify the data.
Involved in the Data Mapping for the Reprots and Scheduling the reports in Production Environment.
Worked closely with Database Team, Application Team and Network Team for Installing and Configurating SAP Business Objects Supported Components and Requirements.
Designed and Developed the Tableau Dashboards and Reports by using Tableau Desktop
Designed and developed a business intelligence dashboard using Tableau Desktop, allowing executive management to view past, current and forecast data.
Mentored business power users to create reports/dashboards using tableau desktop.
Designed and Developed various analytical reports by using data blending in Tableau Desktop.
Developed key indicators and the appropriate tracking reports with graphical and written summations to assist in the quality improvement initiatives.
Utilized advance features of Tableau software like to link data from different connections together on one dashboard and to filter data in multiple views at once.
Created customized Calculations, (Level Of Detail)LOD’s, Conditions and Filter (Local, Global) for various analytical reports and dashboards.
Created and modified Interactive Dashboards and Creating guided navigation links within Interactive Dashboards.
Publish the developed dashboard, reports on the Tableau Server so that the end users having access to the server can view the data.
Created Universes and complex reports against Toad for Oracle 10g/11g and utilized Oracle RDBMS as the source for the Tableau and WebI Reports.
Created Joins, Contexts, and Aliases for resolving Loops and checked the Integrity, Cardinalities of the Universe.
Set up Universe level conditions to restrict data based on report requirements.
Involved in the Conversion of the SABA reports into BO WebI reports and Tableau Reports.
Created reports using all the BO functions like Prompts,dimensional and Measure variables to show the accurate results.
Created WebI reports with multiple data providers and synchronized the data using Merge Dimensions option in BO.
Created Ad-hoc and canned reports.

Environment:Tableau Desktop 10.5ss,Tableau Server,SAP Business Objects 4.1, Web Intelligence, InfoView, WebI Rich Client, UDT, IDT, BO Administration, SAP Business Objects Dashboards, SAP Lumira, BO Explorer,Windows 7,Oracle 10g/11g, Informatica, PL/SQL.

Capital One, Richmond,VAJune 2014 – May 2016
EDS – Risk and Finance
Sr.BIDeveloper

The centralized database to capture data related to Operational Risk Management to enable analytics and trend analysis. Risk data is distributed across several diverse systems and have reporting capabilities to enable effective trending and analysis. The Risk Data Warehouse project has the centralized risk data store and business intelligence tools to enable effective analytics.

Responsibilities:

Involved in gathering, analyzing, documenting business requirements, functional requirements and data specifications for Business Objects Web Intelligence Reports.
Interacted with users to know their business views while gathering the reporting requirements and provided several mock reports to finalize the requirements.
Designed mock universes and WebI Reports from scratch for a demo to the users.
Experienced in writing complex SQL Queries, Views, Joins, Constraints and User Defined Functions to implement the business logic and also created clustered and non clustered indexes.
Involved in Normalization and De-Normalization of existing tables for faster query retrieval.
Advised optimization of queries by looking at Execution Plan for better tuning of the database.
Tuned and enhanced universes with SQL queries for the report performance.
Created Universes and complex reports against Teradata Database.
Set up Universe level conditions to restrict data based on report requirements
Converted WebI reports to Tableau Dashboards using Tableau Desktop.
Used functionalities like Tableau actions, quick filters, sets and groups.
Created Ad-hoc and canned reports.Worked on the improving the performance of the reports and dashboards.

Environment: SAP Business Objects 4.0/4.1, Tableau Desktop 8.x, Tableau Server, Web Intelligence XI,InfoView, Windows XP, Teradata 15,Ab initio.

Citigroup, Warren, NJ Dec 2013 – June 2014
Finance Backbone
Business Objects Developer

The SubLedger is a key component of the Finance Backbone to meet various internal and external needs. SubLedger component shall allow to hold Multi GAAP and Mutli Currency ledger balances accounting entries and ledger balances. In addition SubLedger component shall allow implementing processes like Revaluation, Translation, Average Daily Balance, Open Item Processing, Year Ending Closing, End of Day Processing and Local GAAP consolidation.

Responsibilities:

Interacted with users to know their business views while gathering the reporting requirements and provided several mock reports to finalize the requirements.
Technical expertise in Analyzing, Design, Implementation and Administration of security models with row level data security in Business Objects.
Developed more than 10 Crystal Reports and worked on the existing Report fixes and tested the reports in the Crystal Designer and InfoView to verify the data.
Designed, developed, deployed and maintained universes using Business Universe Designer.
Implemented Open Doc to drill down to detail Crystal reports.
Used HPQC on a regular basis to manage and deliver assigned requirements and defects.
Created Web Intelligence Ad-hoc and canned reports.
Designed and Developed the Crystal Reports using the Views and Stored Procedures.
Developed Complex Reports that involved Master/Detail reports, complex variables, Open Docs and calculation contexts.
Accessed database using SQL Developer to perform data accuracy check and test queries in SQL Edit window.
Involved in the Conversion of the Crystal Reports to Inquiry Framework application which Citigroup use for the internal purpose.

Environment: SAP Business Objects XIR3, Web Intelligence, WebI Rich Client,InfoView, Crystal Reports 2008/2012, Windows XP, Oracle 10g,SQL Developer, JIRA.

Sempra Energy, San Diego CA Jan 2012– Dec 2013
OpEx 20/20/Construction Planning Design(CPD)
Sr. Business Objects Developer

Sempra Energy utilities (SEu) have embarked on a multi-phase program called OpEx 20/20 to refresh its key operational support systems. The goals of this program are to enable new levels of business productivity, service delivery quality, and customer support. OpEx 20/20 was inspired by and is supportive of Sempra Energy’s overall corporate aspirations initiative. OpEx 20/20 was conceived as a way of sustaining and improving upon SEu’s existing commitment to operational excellence through a strategic business transformation effort based on end-to-end business process reengineering supported by a refreshed technology platform of applications and systems.

Responsibilities:

Involved in gathering, analyzing, documenting business requirements, functional requirements and data specifications for Business Objects Universes and Reports.
Designed and developed Universes and reports according to the user requirements.
Developed Complex Reports that involved Master/Detail reports, cross tab, bar charts, pie charts, complex variables and calculation contexts.
Developed 10+ Full client Business Intelligence canned reports on customer segmentation.
Accessed database using TOAD to perform data accuracy check and test queries in SQL Edit window.
Created reports using Business Objects functionalities like Slice and Dice, Drill Down, Cross Tab, Alerter and Formulae etc using Web intelligence.
Provided extensive support for users on Web Intelligence, BO XI R3 usage and trained users in understanding the functionalities and capabilities of the software.

Environment: SAP Business Objects 4.x/XIR3, Web Intelligence, WebI Rich Client, Xcelsius, Lumira, BO Explorer, Crystal Reports 2008, Windows XP, Oracle 10g, SAP BI 7.0, Query Designer.

Pfizer Pharmaceutical Inc, Peapack, NJ Aug 2011 – Dec 2011
Sr. Business Objects Developer

The purpose of this Project is to detail the exact process that needs to be performed on a scheduled basis to operate the Contracts DW. The Contracts DW is the Pfizer Data Warehouse where Managed Care, Government and Guaranteed Price Contract-related data is collected and processed prior to downstream distribution.
Responsibilities:

Translating business reporting requirements into data warehouse architectural design
Interacted with users to gather requirements, provided the related Mock-ups for the particular Reporting and hands on experience using Business Objects version to provide support for users in production, test and development environments.
Designed, developed and implemented universes using Business Objects and Web intelligence.
Created Cardinalities, Contexts, Joins and Aliases for resolving Loops and checked the Integrity of the Universes.
Created user defined @prompts and complex conditions at Universe level for better performance.
Resolved table-joining problems like Chasm trap and Fan trap using context and Alias.
Tested the universe structure to ensure the tables are properly updated.
Exported the universes to the Repository to make resources available for the migration from UAT to Production.
Making the user resources more flexible as per the business requirement by exporting Universe and BO reports.
Support functions include troubleshooting problems with existing reports, modifying existing universes.
Created Web Intelligence Ad-hoc and canned reports.
Created alerters, filters and inserted Breaks in designing reports.

Environment: Business Objects XI 3.1, Web Intelligence, Infoview, Desktop intelligence, Designer, Xcelsius, Oracle 10g, Windows XP, IIS, PL/SQL.

State gov of KY, Frankfort KY Jan 2011 –Jul 2011
Business Objects Developer

The purpose of Kentucky CSE (Child Support Enforcement) is to provide users with a thorough understanding of how each of the main system components and applications will function and behave to deliver the overall BI Solution.

Responsibilities:

Involved in designingFunctional / Technical Specification documents.
Designed and developed a Universe for the CSE project.
Designed and developed several Business Objects Web Intelligence reports for the CSE project
Created Web Intelligence Ad-hoc and canned reports.
Used Derived tables to create the universe. Used context and alias tables to solve the loops in Universe.
Developed universe user documentation guide for the end users reference
Technical expertise in Analyzing, Design, Implementation and administration of security models with row level data restrictions, object level based restrictions and object based securityin Business Objects
Creating and Formatting the Reports as per the Users Requirements using the features in BOBJ like Master/Detail, Charts, Cross tabs, Slice and Dice, @functions and Formulae to analyze the data.
Used dynamic visibility and Excel functions to control and manipulate the data.
Implemented Open Doc to drill down to detail WEBI report from Xcelsius Dashboard.
Created Standard reports, Cross tabs reports, Ad-hoc WebI reports using the features like Ranking, Sorting, and @functions to analyze the data.
Generated the WebI reports involving complex queries, free hand sql, sub queries, Unions and Intersection.

Environment: Business Objects XI 3.1, Web Intelligence, Infoview, Desktop intelligence, Designer, SQL Server, Windows 7, Business Objects Data Services.
Contact this candidate