SRINI GOLI
404-***-****
adc6uz@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY
Over 15+ years of extensive work experience in Data WareHouse, Data mart, ETL, MS SQL Server Development (DTS/SSIS, SSRS, SSAS) Using BIDS, Power BI, Development & Support of MS SQL Servers 2019/2017/2016/2014/2012/2010/2008/2005 and Oracle 8i/9i/10g/11g, ASP.net, VB.net, C#, HTML, Java Script, System Analysis, Design.
Expert in ETL, Data warehousing and OLAP technology.
Experience in Creating Power BI Reports and Custom Calculated Columns and Measures using DAX.
Delivered BI Reporting solutions in Power BI, Reporting Services (SSRS).
Expertise in Oracle and MS SQL Server environments using complex SQL, T-SQL, PL/SQL, Stored Procedures, Functions, Views, Triggers, Indexes and Performance Tuning.
Extensive experience in MS SQL Server 2005/2008/2010/2012/2014/2016/2017/2019 with Business Intelligence in SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS) and SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) of 2005/2008/2010/2012/2014/2016/2017/2019.
Expert in creating SSIS packages including using script transformations using VBScript.
Working experience with databases such as Oracle 7X/8.0i/9.0i/10g/11g, SQL Server 2005/2008/2010/2014/2016/2017/2019, Teradata, MySQL, MS Access.
Transformed data from various data sources like access, excel, flat file using OLE DB connection by creating various DTS packages & SSIS Packages.
Expert in preparing ETL mapping process and maintaining mapping documents.
Extensive development experience on Crystal Repots 7.0/8.5/9.0/10.0/XI, T SQL, SSIS, SSAS and SSRS.
Ability to handle multiple tasks and demonstrates initiative and adaptability and capable of handling responsibilities independently as well as a proactive team member.
Strong Object-Oriented Analysis, designing and programming technical skills, ability to learn new emerging technologies and adapt quickly.
Extensive experience in JavaScript, VBScript, Unix shell scripting, SQL, HTML, DHTML, CSS, XML, XSL, AJAX
Expertise in developing advanced Crystal reports and SSRS with functions, formulae, parameterized, Sub Repots, Cross Tab reports, OLAP reports, Drill Down repots, summary reports, ranking, statistical functions and scheduling using custom tool/Enterprise server.
Analyzed customer needs in order to generate crystal reports and SSRS output formats as required (eg: XML, PDF, Excel, Web etc.)
Experienced in developing Crystal reports and SSRS using Tables, Stored procedures and SQL Queries.
Excellent Web Forms Designing by using HTML, DHTML, CSS.
Good Experience in Tree Tier architecture environments.
Auto triggering mails developed by using Windows scheduler & AxtiveX.exe.
Very Good Knowledge on Data Warehouse concepts, Experienced on Different ETL Tools like SSIS, DTS, Informatica and DataStage7.0.
Expert in using SQL Server Agent to Schedule the SSIS Packages and SSRS Reports.
Good experience in development of packages, stored procedures and functions in Oracle 8i/9i/10g/11g.
Experience with T-SQL for developing stored procedures in SQL Server 2000/2005/2008/2010/2012//2014/2016.
Created numerous SQL reports for users and familiar with various types of stored procedures, views, joins, union, intersect, sub queries, alias, formatting etc using TOAD.
Extensive experience in SSRS to Developing Parameterized reports, Drill Down reports, Sub reports, Using Chart control, Interactive Sorting, Expressions, writing Custom Functions etc.
Had experience in data modeling using Erwin, Star Schema Modeling, and Snowflake modeling, FACT and Dimensions tables, physical and logical modeling.
Experienced in integration and transforming of various data sources from Databases like MS Access, Oracle, DB2, Teradata, SQL Server and flat-files etc.
Very good knowledge on Azure Data Factory concepts like Lift and Shift of SSIS packages, working with Azure SQL database and Azure Data lake.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Operating System Windows 95/98/2000/NT/XP, UNIX, Linux, MS-Dos 6.0
Languages VB.NET, ASP2.0/3.0, VB 6.0, COM, DCOM, Java 1.2, XML, DHTML,
SQL, T-SQL, PL/SQL, Data Analysis Expressions (DAX).
RDBMS Oracle 8i/9i/11g, MS SQL Server 2000/2005/2008/2010/2012/2014, MS Access, MySQL, Sybase, Teradata, DB2
Database Tools TOAD, ERWIN, Oracle SQL Developer
Development tools MS Visual InterDev 6.0, FrontPage, Dream weaver, Textpad, Jbuilder8.0, Infragistics
Scripts Java Script, VB Script, ASP, JSP, unix shell scripts, AJAX
Language Exposure C, C++, Java 1.1
Reporting Tools Power BI, SSRS, Crystal Reports 6.0/7.0/8.0/8.5/9.0/10.0.
ETL Tool SSIS, DTS, Informatica Power Builder 8.6/9.1, DataStage 7.0
Analytical Tool SSAS
Version Tools TFS, Source Safe, VSS, Clear case
Cloud AWS
Server Technology IIS Server 4.0/5.0, PWS, MTS, Windows NT, Tomcat 5.0.19, Win XP, Win 2000
EDUCATION
Master of Engineering (ME), Andhra University, India
Post Graduate Diploma in Computer Applications (PGDCA), India

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Northrop Grumman, Atlanta, GA Dec ’19 – Till date
MS SQL Server/SSRS Developer (Multi Language Support)
EIDSS7
EIDSS7 is a web application used to maintain Diagnosis data for Human and Veterinary reports by case-based investigation.
Responsibilities:
Involved in writing Complex T-SQL queries and Stored Procedures to meet the report requirements.
Developed the solution to support Multi Language.
Created new reports as per requirement.
Used different controls like table, matrix and different charts based on requirements.
Write the complex expressions to satisfy the report requirement.
Developed Cascading parameters, Multi select, Integer, Text and Boolean type parameters.
Developed aspx pages for parameters and used ReportViewer to display report body.
Implemented Print button to print the report from the client side.
Environment: Windows, T-SQL, SSMS, SSRS 2016, SQL Server 2016, ASP.net, VB.net, HTML, CSS and JavaScript.

UPS Capital, Atlanta, GA Apr ’19 – Dec ‘19
MS SQL Server/SSIS/SSRS/SSAS/Power BI Developer
Business warehouse
Business warehouse project is processing data from different sources to process Premium, Claim and Financial data to analyze Premium, Claim and Financial data.
Responsibilities:
Involved in writing Complex T-SQL queries and Stored Procedures to meet the report and ETL requirements.
Involved in performance tuning of T SQL and Created indexes if necessary.
Involved in creating database objects (Tables, Views, Functions and Stored Procedures) and involved in moving objects into different environments.
Used different Tasks in Control Flow and Dataflow Tasks to meet the business requirement.
Worked on upgrading the packages from 2012 to 2016.
Deployed the packages into SSISDB(Catalogs) and done the parameter configuration for DEV, QA, UAT and Production.
Created error handling for all control and data flow tasks.
Done unit testing of SSIS load process.
Enhanced SSIS packages for better performance of the jobs.
Designed, Developed and Deployed SSIS Packages and SSRS Reports.
Scheduled SSIS packages using SQL Agent.
Involved in SSAS tabular model design and implementation.
Different SSRS reports developed by using existing Table, Matrix controls, Chart and also used formulas, functional coding.
Developed Sub reports, Drill Down and Drill through reports.
Developed SSRS reports using different Parameters, column, bar, line and Pie charts.
Developed Power BI Reports and Dash boards using different types of visualizations and filters.
Good experience in using Power Query, Power Pivot and Power View.
Used DAX expressions in Power BI reports to meet business requirements.
Created Power BI reports using SSAS Tabular Cubes and different sources.
Team Foundation Server (TFS) used for Version Maintenance, Scrum Releases and DevOps (Build and Release).
Environment: Windows, T-SQL, SSMS, SSIS, SSRS, SQL Server 2016, Power BI, TFS, DevOps and Visual Studio 2017.

Genuine Parts Company, Marietta, GA Feb ’13 – Dec ‘18
Sr. SQL, ETL and Reports Developer

MIC - Marketplace Inventory Classification
MIC system suggests Orders and Returns for all Company Owned stores and Jobbers. It receives vehicles information from Folk and receives Sales and Inventory data from all stores in the form flat files. All Products and Catalog information from Catalogs. And send the Orders and Returns files to TAMS system to place the actual Orders and Returns. And also receives Orders and Returns conformation from TAMS.
Responsibilities:
Involved in Application, ETL and Reports maintenance.
Created and supported the existing SSIS and DTS Packages.
Created and Modified the Stored Procedures and views for the existing ETL process, application and reporting system according new business rules.
Deployed SSIS, DTS and Reports into Production environment.
Worked on existing SSIS to improve the performance.
Moved the packages and configuration files from development to QA and Production.
Scheduled SSIS packages through SQL Agent Jobs with configuration file.
Involved in Testing SSIS load process.
Designed, Developed and Deployed SSIS Packages and SSRS Reports.
Monitoring the daily, weekly and monthly scheduled Packages.
Created and modified the web application enhancements.
Worked with Informatica power center Designer, Workflow Manager, Workflow Monitor and Repository Manager.
Developed and maintained ETL (Extract, Transformation and Loading) mappings to extract the data from multiple source systems like Oracle, SQL server and Flat files and loaded into SQL Server.
Integrated Custom Visuals based on business requirements using Power BI desktop.
Developed custom calculated measures using DAX in Power BI to satisfy business needs.
Used Power BI Service to distribute the Reports and Dashboards with in the Organization.
Worked on Power BI datasets schedule refresh.
Worked on SPSS Tool and used R and Python scripts.
Developed PL/SQL Packages and Complex queries.
JIRA used for product issue tracking and Source safe used for Version maintenance.
Environment: Windows, T-SQL, SSMS, SSIS, SSRS, Power BI, SQL Server 2008, Oracle 11g, PL/SQL, SQL Developer, JIRA, Source safe, ASP.net, VB.net, R and Python scripts.

Schneider Electric, Alpharetta, GA Sep ’12 – Jan ’13
MS SQL Server TSQL/SSRS Developer

MVS Centralized Reporting System
Wal-mart have a Distribution Center (Site) Level reporting system, we developed a MVS Centralized reporting system to access Carton and Energy data for all Distribution centers from a single point. We created Linked server to access all sites from centralized system.
Responsibilities:
Involved in design and creation of database for Centralized Reporting.
Created Linked servers to connect each distribution center.
Created Stored Procedures for Centralized Reporting database to run the existing stored procedure from each site though linked server.
Deployed reports into Production environment.
Worked on existing reports to improve the report (SSRS) performance.
Different dash board reports developed by using Bar Char, Pie Chart, Line Chart and Gauge charts and also used coding for color generation.
Created SSIS packages to improve the performance of Dashboard reports
Developed Drill Down and Drill through reports.
Worked with Report Subscriptions to schedule reports and to generate the report PDF formats.
Involved in final testing to check the expected values with the clients.
Provided Documentation to Install the MVS Centralized Reporting System.
Environment: Windows, Linked Servers, T-SQL, SSMS, SSIS, SSRS, SQL Server 2008.

COX Media Group, Atlanta, GA Feb ’12 – Sep ’12
MS SQL Server/SSIS/SSRS/ETL Developer

COXOrion
COXOrion project is to process CNI (News Paper), CXR (Radio) and CTV (TV) data on Weekly basis to analyze sales.
CNI data available in the form of Flat files, CXR and CTV data available in SQL Server and DB2.
Responsibilities:
Supporting the existing system and also involved in converting the DTS packages & Informatica Jobs into SSIS Packages.
Involved in tuning and performance of the existing process.
Used different transformations and expressions in SSIS to load CNI (News Paper) data from flat file source system to SQL Server.
Moved the packages and configuration files from development to QA, UAT and Production.
Scheduled SSIS packages through SQL Agent Jobs with configuration file.
Involved in Testing SSIS load process.
Designed, Developed and Deployed SSIS Packages and SSRS Reports.
Responsible for ongoing maintenance and change management to existing SSIS packages and SSRS reports.
Performed Report Testing and Verification as per Internal Reporting system requirements.
Different reports developed by using existing Table, Matrix controls, Chart and also used formulas, functional coding.
Developed Report Models for Adhoc Reporting.
Worked with Report Manager and Report Server to run, schedule, deploy and organized the reports.
Involved in final testing to check the expected values with the clients.
Provided Documentation support on SSIS, SSRS 2008 as assigned.
Environment: Windows, T-SQL, SSMS, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, DTS, Informatica 8.6 and SQL Server 2000/2008.

AXIS Capital, Alpharetta, GA Feb ’10 – Feb ’12
MS SQL Server/SSIS/SSRS/ETL and Reports Developer

Data warehouse
Data warehouse project to process Premium, Claim and CASH bordereau (BDX) files to analyze Premium, Claim and CASH data of different Agencies.
Responsibilities:
Involved in writing Complex T-SQL queries and Stored Procedures to meet the report requirements.
Used different Tasks from Control Flow and Dataflow.
Moved the packages and configuration files from development to QA, UAT and Production.
Created error handling for all control and data flows.
Developed and Tested SSIS load process.
Enhanced SSIS packages for better performance of the jobs.
Designed, Developed and Deployed SSIS Packages and SSRS Reports.
Scheduled SSIS packages using SQL Agent.
Responsible for ongoing maintenance and change management to the existing SSIS packages and SSRS reports.
Performed Report Testing and Verification as per Internal Reporting system requirements.
Different reports developed by using existing Table, Matrix controls, Chart and also used formulas, functional coding.
Developed Sub reports, Matrix and Drill Down reports.
Developed different Column, bar, line and Pie charts.
Developed Report Models for Adhoc Reporting.
Developed SSAS Cubs for Premiums and Claims.
Involved in final testing to check the expected values with the clients.
Provided Documentation support on SSIS, SSRS 2005 as assigned.
Environment: Windows, T-SQL, SSMS, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS and SQL Server 2005/2008.

Verizon, Alpharetta, GA Sep ’09 – Jan ’10
Sr. MS SQL Server/SSRS Developer

Delaware house
Bangor Reports Development based on North East Area Reports.
Responsibilities:
Analyzing the existing North East area reports to develop the Bangor area reports.
Developed number of Stored Procedures to meet the report requirements.
Developed and Deployed reports using Business Intelligence Development Studio.
Responsible for ongoing maintenance and change management to existing reports and optimize report performance.
Involved in Report Testing and Performance Improvements.
Different reports developed using formulas, functional coding, formats and multi select and cascading parameterized reports.
Developed different Formatted, Crosstab, Sub reports, Drill Down and Drill through reports.
Developed Report Models for Adhoc Reporting.
Meet the Targets in the specified Time line.
Environment: Windows, T-SQL, SSMS, SSRS and SQL Server 2008.

InsuranceHouse, Marietta, GA Aug’08 – June ‘09
Sr. MS SQL Server/SSIS/SSRS/Web, ETL and Reports Developer

Data warehouse
Data warehouse project developed to analyze Premium and Revenue values by Market, Branch and Account Executive etc.
Responsibilities:
Worked directly with Clients for gathering details.
Involved in writing Complex T-SQL queries and Stored Procedures to meet the report requirements.
Used different transformations and expressions in SSIS to load data from various data sources.
Moved the packages from development to QA.
Created error handling for all control and data flows.
Scheduled SSIS packages through SQL Agent Jobs with configuration file.
Developed and Tested SSIS load process.
Transformed data from different data sources using OLE DB connection by creating various
SSIS packages.
Enhanced SSIS packages for better performance of the jobs.
Involved in developing ETL jobs using Informatica.
Designed, Developed and Deployed reports in MS SQL Server environment using SSRS-2005.
Responsible for ongoing maintenance and change management to existing reports and optimize report performance. (SSRS).
Performed Report Testing and Verification as per Internal Reporting system requirements.
Different reports developed by using existing Table, Matrix controls, Chart and also used formulas, functional coding.
Developed Sub reports, Matrix and Drill Down reports.
Developed different Column, bar, line and Pie charts.
Developed different Scorecard reports for internal and external purpose.
Involved in Schedule Jobs to export the reports in the form of Excel (.xls) and web archive (.html) formats.
Worked with Report Manager and Report Server to run, schedule, deploy and organized the reports.
Developed web page (BIPortal) to access excel and html format reports done by batch job processing.
Devolved BIPortal (web application) using ASP.NET to access all reports from one URL.
Involved in final testing to check the expected values with the clients.
Provided Documentation support on SSRS 2005 as assigned.
Environment: Windows, T-SQL, SSMS, SSIS, SSRS, SQL Server 2005, Informatica PowerCenter 8.6.0, ASP.NET, HTML and CSS.

AT & T (Cingular), Alpharetta, GA Oct’07 – Aug’08
PL-SQL/SSRS/Web Developer

PRISM
PRISM is an internal Web based application to track the all-running projects status. It includes number of Module like Finance, Project Work Flow, Purchase and Resource etc.
Responsibilities:
Involved in Clarifying SSRS details with Clients to develop the reports.
Involved in writing Technical specs, Developing and testing reports.
Involved in writing Views and Complex Stored Procedures to meet the report requirements using Toad.
Reports developed using Reporting services and Oracle 10g.
Different Complex reports developed by using existing Table, Matrix controls and also used formulas, functional coding.
Designed, Developed and Deployed reports in MS SQL Server environment using SSRS-2005.
Reports developed by grouping values and also created sub reports and Drill down etc.
Developed Reports by using different Parameters like Text box, Drop down with singe or multiple values selections and date entry by using date selection or manual entry etc.
Developed Report Models and also Developed Adhoc Reporting using Report builder.
Developed security level reports based on user access.
Most of the reports developed with in the target dates.
Responsible for ongoing maintenance and change management to existing SSRS reports and optimize report performance.
Performance tuning done by using explain plan and also created indexes on tables if necessary.
Involved in developing web pages using ColdFusion.
Involved in final testing to check the expected values with the clients.
Environment: Windows, SQL Server Business intelligence Development Studio 2005, SSMS (SQL Server Management Studio), SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services), Oracle 10g, PL/SQL, ColdFusion, HTML, CSS and JavaScript

Kimberly Clark Corporation, Roswell, GA Nov’06 - Sep’07
Sr. SQL Server/SSIS /ASP.net/SSRS, ETL and Reports Developer

Sales Tracings & NetSales Tracings.
Sales Tracings is Dataware house Project to process the sales files from Contract Management and ISPOS Systems using SSIS Package. It includes Scripting Task to generate efile (means systematic format). This efile is passed through different mainframe systems to validate sales and finally rules (developed by using SQL Server Functions) are applied to determine actual sales tracings satisfying all the constraints and the remaining are KickOuts. Additionally, web application is developed for presenting the sales using SSRS Reports and the KickOuts are edited so that they can be reprocessed.
The other System, NetSale Tracings is developed Using SSIS Package and different Stored Procedures. NetSales means part of data from Sales Tracing and Part of data from Landscape System based on inclusive and Exclusive rules. Star Schema Model is designed for NetSales to analyze the data by product, house, state and agency etc…
Responsibilities:
Involved in the design, coding and deployment.
Improvements and maintenance of the system.
Created various database objects like Tables, Views and Complex Stored Procedures by using T-SQL in SQL Server 2005.
Created Database Maintenance plans for Full backup and Rebuilding indexes.
Developed SSIS Packages to process the bath files to produce the efile and to build the Netsales.
Designed, Developed and Deployed SSIS Packages in MS SQL Server environment using SSIS-2005.
Number of reports generated by using SSRS (Reporting services).
Worked with Excel macros and pivot table.
Prepared the technical specifications and flow diagrams for this System.
Responsible for ongoing maintenance and change management to existing SSRS reports and optimize SSRS report performance.
Environment: Windows XP Professional, SQL Server 2005, SSIS, SSRS, and VB.NET

Client: Kimberly Clark Corporation, Roswell, GA Feb’06 - Oct ’06
Sr. ASP.net/SQL Server/DTS/Reports Developer

Dataware house System
This is a Datawarehouse system designed to collect the data from Contract management (Oracle Database application) and to dump the selected data into SQL server using bunch of DTS packages. VB.net and crystal reports used to produce the different reports versions like PDF and XLS.
Responsibilities:
Involved in developing new Crystal Reports and Complex Stored Procedures.
Improvements and maintenance of the system.
Developed Automated process for accessing different reports (crystal, PDF and Excel formats) using ASP web application using JavaScript.
Developed an ASP.net Web application to Monitor the ETL Tool running processes.
Involved in Changing DTS packages according to the changed requirements and helped in monitoring the Running Monthly DTS packages.
Environment: Windows XP Professional, SQL Server 2000, DTS, VB.net and Crystal reports XI

Kimberly Clark Corporation, Roswell, GA Oct’05 - Jan ‘06
Sr. SQL Server/DTS/ASP/ Reports Developer

Landscape System
This is an intranet application designed to trace the KCP sales. ASP pages are developed to choose selection criteria for the crystal reports. Crystal reports are developed using the SQL Server Stored procedures.
Responsibilities:
Involved in developing Crystal Reports.
Involved in developing Stored Procedures to fulfill their Business requirements.
Involved in monitoring Monthly ETL jobs and rectified the running problems.
Implemented maintenance and Backup plans for all databases for data integrity.
Improvements and maintenance of the system.
Created ASP pages for the selection criteria for reports.
Environment: Windows XP Professional, ASP, SQL Server 2000, Crystal reports and Visual Source Safe.

Kimberly Clark Corporation, Roswell, GA. May’05 - Sep‘05
Sr. VB.net/SQL Server Developer

Cross Reference.
This is a Standalone application designed for a pharmaceutical company to help improve the sales. This project allows users to compare a company product price with the other company’s product prices and finally publish savings.
Responsibilities:
Involved in the design, coding and deployment.
Improvements and maintenance of the system.
Coding of admin module, user interface screens and general search.
Used validation controls for user authentication and ADO.NET to interact with the database.
Used Infragistics controls to utilize advantage of the Infragistics controls and improve appearance.
Developed various database objects like Tables, Views and Stored Procedures by
using T-SQL in SQL Server 2000.
Exporting data to Excel sheet.
Prepared the technical specifications and Test plans for this System.
Environment: Windows XP Professional, SQL Server 2000, Visual Studio.NET, Infragistics and Visual Source Safe.

Salem Associates, Des Moines, IA Sep ’04 - Apr ‘05
Sr. ASP.net/SQL Server/Reports Developer

Seamless Web
This project helps the State of IOWA, Department of Elderly Affairs to provide services for the elderly people. This Project is to create an online version of the application used by Facilitators, Assessors & Coordinators to fill in the data about the elderly people for services. This application consists of Smartforms, which needs to be filled in by the assessors. These Smartforms are web-wizards with multi-steps. Based on the information provided through the smartforms, the eligibility for the services is assessed and appropriate services are provided to the elderly people
Responsibilities:
Creating common controls for all pages of the application. These controls (composite) provide automated logic for validating its data and displaying invalid data messages. These controls also populate data on its own from database. These controls are reusable and customizable.
Creating Caching framework. This framework minimizes the traffic to the database by storing the SmartForms data in the cache with the sliding expiry duration preconfigured in the web server.
Creating Cryptography module to handle the encryption and decryption of critical data. This module uses single DES, Triple DES, and SHA1 algorithms.
Creating Data Access Framework. This framework is used to transfer the data to the database and for retrieval. This is the central access point for all data transfer in the Application. The Data access is Role based.
Creating Logging Framework. This handles the exceptions thrown in the application and stores the error information in the database or XML-based file and sends a notification to the support team for fixing the issue.
Creating multi-schemes for web pages which can be customized by the end user.
Creating Role-based authentication and group access levels for the accessing the SmartForms and Reports. Creating Setup screens for AdminTasks.
Creating Object-Oriented UI page rendering for Public, Agent and Admin page navigation. The Menus and page contents are dynamic, based on the roles of the user.
Developed T-SQL Stored Procedures in SQL Server 2000.
Involved in developing HTML Reports.
Involved in debugging and unit testing.
Environment: Windows NT, HTML Reports, ASP.Net, VB.net, SQL Server 2000, Visual studio.net, Html, DHTML, JavaScript, IIS5.0, VSS.

Robert Bosch, Penang, Malaysia Nov ’03 - Sep ‘04
Sr. ASP/Oracle/Reports Developer

OLTR System
This is an Intranet Project Designed for registering the Training courses through online. The main Intention behind developing this application is to train the In-house employees of the organization in various courses. The Employees will login to this system with their ID and password for browsing and request for the courses. Along with these, there will be Adhoc requests made by some employees for newer courses. Based on these, the HR people responsible for making budget allocations for different courses according to their demand. The next step involves employee online registrations for scheduled courses. As soon as the registration has been finished, the course registrations being processed by their Immediate Supervisors and concerned Department Heads, for their approvals. The developed system is also responsible to send emails to the Immediate Supervisors and Department heads while registering courses through online. Consequently, intimation regarding the approval status of requests has to be sending back to the employees. And also system maintains Courses attendance and Training Plan/Track of each employee. The application provides for making queries and generating reports based on complex criteria.
Responsibilities:
Improvements and maintenance of the system after the system development.
Involved in the design, coding and deployment.
Coding of admin module, user interface screens, home page, general search.
Forms developed by using ASP.Net Server-side controls.
Used validation controls for user authentication and ADO.NET to interact with the database.
Code behind pages with C# used for business logic & for transferring data from asp.net to database.
Used the concept of CDONTS for Auto triggering of mails using SMTP.
Automatic Mailing System developed by using Scheduler.
Database dumping from HRMS Package to OLTR System by using DTS Jobs.
Developed various database objects like Tables, Views and Stored Procedures by using SQL and PL/SQL.
Reports generated by using Crystal Reports10.0 with different database objects like Tables, Views & Stored procedures.
Crystal Reports exported into various formats like PDF, html, excel and word.
Developed Drill down reports from Grouping values.
Developed Cross Tab Reports, Sub Reports by using Crystal Reports.
Prepared the admin manual, user manual and technical manual for the OLTR System.
Environment: Windows NT, Crystal Reports10.0, Oracle 9i, HTML, DHTML, JavaScript, MS Scheduler, IIS.
Argi Management Sdn. Bhd., Penang, Malaysia Jun’02 - Oct’03
Sr. ASP.net/Reports Developer

Defect Management System
This is a Software Product for Defect Management, aiming Manufacturing Clients. To say briefly about this, making analysis on various kinds of problems occurred in manufacturing companies such as Customer Related, Supplier Related and Internal, in terms of Eight Problem
Contact this candidate