Anni Sun
adcjr1@r.postjobfree.com Boston, MA, ***** 617-***-****
ABOUT ME
I hold a Bachelor’s degree in Economics and a Master’s degree in Arts Administration. This seemingly disparate perspective ends up motivating me to be inquisitive and resourceful in tackling difficult situations. It also equipped me with skills in data analysis, project management, collaboration, and understanding users and business objectives.
I have experience in the Microsoft Business Intelligence (BI) stack using SQL SSIS/SSRS tools. Skilled in SSRS Report development, ETL/SSIS package development, Transaction SQL (T-SQL) script creation and using Microsoft BI developer tools. My strongest skill set is now in the Microsoft Business Intelligence stack in T-SQL, SSRS, SSIS. I am passionate about challenging different solutions to improve my skills and learning new technology tools and to provide quality service to clients. OBJECTIVES
● Microsoft Business Intelligence Developer (SSIS/SSRS)
● Microsoft SQL Server T-SQL Developer
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
● More than three years of T-SQL working experience and very strong knowledge/skills of stored procedures, user-defined functions, complex queries with joins/window functions, triggers, views, and ETL/SSIS packages.
● Good exposure to entire Software Life Cycle Phases (Feasibility, System studies, Design, Coding, Testing, Implementation and Maintenance.
● Extremely strong T-SQL programming skills: able to write very complex queries that execute quickly and efficiently even when dealing with millions or billions of rows.
● Deep understanding of Microsoft SQL Server 2012/2014/2016 database maintenance processes such as pertaining to Statistics, Indexes, Performance Analysis, etc.
● Proficient with SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Server Business Intelligence Development Studio
(BIDS)/SSDT, SQL Profiler, Performance Monitor.
● Acquired a deep understanding of the SSRS reporting data to facilitate development, establish baseline data sets, assist in testing, and provide program & process documentation.
● Experience in an agile development environment. Extensive knowledge of business intelligence best practices, processes, tools, standards, and methodologies.
● Ability to quickly understand business requirements and transform user requirements into queried reports / stored procedures as well as Data Warehouse solutions as needed.
● Strong communication and problem-solving skills, always keep a positive attitude and the ability to work with business users required.
WORK EXPERIENCE AND INTERNSHIPS
Boston Center for the Arts South End, Boston Sep 2019-Dec 2019 Arts Administration & Data Analysis Intern:
● Data input and analysis tasks within digital marketing: promote and post our incoming events on local Boston outlets/platforms, research and contact the potential reporters to pitch our upcoming events, and keep track of the mobile Ticketing & Engagement data, Membership & Donations or other transactional data in Tessitura and SQL database.
● Data analysis and BI tasks within fundraising: maintain and update data in Salesforce patron manager system, such as extracting donor’s donation amounts and contact information, create customized report to the Development department, using Tessitura software to deal with CRM databases such as tickets and subscriptions, update the gift/acknowledgement emails and letters within the stewardship cycle.
● Write stored procedures, table alterations, functions, views, and selects, inner and outer joins, SSIS packages and SSRS Reports.
● Partner with associates in IT, Compliance, Operations, Fundraising, Venue Sales and other departments to flush out report issues, hone report requirements and implement analytical solutions.
● Perform code reviews, analyze execution plans, and refactor inefficient code in both production and non-production databases, Collect and review Microsoft SQL Server 2014 database performance metrics and proactively address performance concerns.
● Design, develop and upgrade databases, ETLs, schemas, automation of data quality rules, naming conventions, optimized queries and indexing.
● Develop and implement a strategy for increasing adoption of BI practices across the company to help build a data-driven culture at all levels.
Fosun Foundation The Bund Finance Center, Shanghai May 2017-Dec 2017 Business Analyst:
● Collected data and made the analysis of Overseas exhibition records of Chinese Emerging Artists represented by all galleries from the website of Art Basel.
● Designed, developed, tested, tuned, and implemented Microsoft SQL Server 2012 database objects and T-SQL scripts using stored procedures, functions, triggers, views, window function and data manipulation scripts and ETL/SSIS packages.
● Responsible for designing, coding, and implementing database solutions using Agile/Scrum development methodology and T-SQL development environment, including table design, stored procedures, UDF, triggers, views, CTE and window functions.
● Built reports in SSRS for errors generated by SSIS Packages, generated Reports using Data Source Views in Report Builder, created Drill Down, Drill through, linked and sub reports using SSRS.
● Create customized artist reports to include the analysis of the Chinese contemporary art market, create comprehensive graphs to illustrate market trends, then give rank to emerging artists.
● As the partner of ARTNET AWARDS GALA FOSUN FOUNDATION NIGHT, we made prizes to the Annual Artists
EDUCATION
● MS in Arts Administration Boston University 2018-2020
● Certificate: UX Design Techdegree Treehouse 2019
● SQL, Business Intelligence Udacity 2018
● Bachelor in Economics Guangxi Normal University 2013-2017 SKILLS
● Technical skills list:
Database: Microsoft SQL Server 2012/2014/2016/2019,
MS BI STACK: SSRS, SSIS, SSMS
Programing: T-SQL, C/C#, PowerShell, JavaScript
Development: Agile/Scrum, Rally, Jira, Svn/Git, Visual Studio 2013/2015/2017
● Competencies:Nonprofit management, UX Research, Wireframing, Interactive Prototyping, User Testing, Data Analysis, User storytelling, Arts Administration, Social Media Marketing, Event Planning.
● Personality:Analytical, fast learner, inquisitive, open-mind, empathetic, problem solver
Contact this candidate