KRISH KARI
Houston, TX - ***** 713-***-**** adcl0s@r.postjobfree.com Website: https://bislicer.com/
Experience
SR. BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE ANALYST BLUESPRIG PEDIATRICS JULY 2018 – PRESENT
Project Management
Manage BI Strategy, including data sourcing, acquisition, integration, as well as all activities related to analytics & reporting.
Manage team of analysts responsible for executing business reporting functions, performing analysis and drive operational metrics.
Responsible for all company BI projects, providing critical Operational and Financial reports for top management.
Formulate the strategy, development and implementation of executive and line of business dashboards through Power BI.
Own, maintain and prioritize project timelines, team resources, sets expectations and ensure clear and transparent communication channels with internal and external stakeholders.
BI Development
Serve as SME for end to end BI reporting processes across Operations, Payroll, Finance, Human Resources and Accounting business functions.
Lead development, maintenance, support and training for 20+ reports/dashboards in Power BI.
Develop a training curriculum and deliver end users with training as needed.
Developed data profiling, munging and missing value imputation scripts in Python on raw data as a part of understanding the data and its structuring.
Developed data mappings and schemas, conducted thorough data profiling and validation in Python and SQL to assess its integrity with the business logic.
Use Python and SQL to create automated data pipelines to prepare data for analysis.
Technologies used: Microsoft Power BI, Python, SQL Server, SharePoint, Microsoft Excel, Minitab, SSAS.
DATA ANALYST CONSULTANT SYSTEMONEX INC MAY 2017 – JUNE 2018
Clients: AT&T and Sodexo
Managed internal Sprints, release schedules, and milestones through JIRA. Functioned as the primary point of contact for the client Business Analysts, Directors and Data Engineers for project communications.
Collaborated across internal teams (Development, Accounts, Risk Management, and Support) as well as external customers to understand challenges, requirements and blockers, setting expectations.
Designed the analytical plan for integrating business logic, actionable data and statistical equations, identifying trends, patterns and insights.
Conducted analysis on labor metrics, and identified critical issues like excessive overtime, absenteeism, ineffective scheduling, and proposed solutions to improve temporary labor utilization.
Developed an on-demand Business Intelligence dashboards for visibility into cost and performance metrics, monitoring KPIs in MicroStrategy and Tableau.
Developed Extract-Transform-Load program in Python to extract employee data from different data sources (MS SQL Server, Kronos, MS Access), completed denormalization and aggregation of data for subsequent statistical analysis.
Developed BI dashboard in MicroStrategy for real-time KPI monitoring: Overtime hours, scheduling effectiveness, clock punch %, absenteeism and accidental overtime.
Designed custom reports, charts, tables and data visualization dashboards using Tableau for business development teams to support decision-making process.
Involved in translating the business requirements into Data requirements focusing on reducing temp labor costs by detail analysis on labor scheduling.
Technologies used: Tableau, MicroStrategy, Spotfire, Kronos, Python, SQL, SharePoint, Microsoft Excel, Minitab, SSAS.
PROJECTS UNIVERSITY OF HOUSTON (MASTER’S) JAN 2016 – MAY 2017
Advanced Linear Optimization
Developed a model to maximize revenue for 36 product varieties that are manufactured at three different locations. Laid out a production and transportation plan that minimizes production costs and transportation costs using advanced Linear Optimization techniques (Microsoft Excel and Python)
ILLIUM INC. Transactional data Analysis
Conducted investigative analysis on the transactional data of Ilium Inc. used TIBCO-Spotfire & Python to identify root-causes for key problems.
Performed regression analysis to find the correlation between performance indicators (factory efficiencies, lot sizes, etc.) and product costs.
Designed an interactive dashboard in Spotfire, that tracks products with most delivery issues, and calculate overall CSI (customer satisfaction Index) for selected region of focus.
Statistical Process Control
Historical output power data of solar cells is analyzed to improve the process capability of the Manufacturing Plant.
Responsible to conduct statistical analysis on the data and plot Histograms, Pareto Charts, Time Series Trend Line, Statistical Process Control Charts, ANOVA, Six Sigma Score and Rates and Means.
Performed variable selection and dimensional reduction of data using correlation plots, and exploratory analyses in Python.
Created Access database and built a dashboard in Tableau to continuously monitor the control charts and the quality scores.
Improved process capability by 35% for a solar cell manufacturing plant by identifying and recommending corrective actions for the possible reasons for out of control outputs from the solar module.
SAP-ERP SIMULATION
Firsthand experience on SAP predictive Analytics, created regression models and conducted Hypothesis testing o forecasting the sales and production requirements for a Cereal company with 12 product varieties.
Co-ordinated with cross-functional team to plan, execute and strategically implement the decisions by observing key performance indicators based on historical data analysis.
Performed variable selection and dimensional reduction of data using correlation plots, and exploratory analyses in Python.
Team was awarded 1st place for methodology and 2nd based on final scores.
Technologies used: Tableau, MicroStrategy, Spotfire, Python, R, SQL, Microsoft Excel, Minitab, Microsoft Visio, Power Point
JUNIOR DATA ANALYST VIKAS TECHNOLOGIES JAN 2015 – DEC 2015
Created Dashboards, Scorecards, Visualization and Analytical reports using Excel Power Pivot, Tableau. Created different reports using drill-down and drill-through reports in Excel.
Developed reports in MS Excel used by multiple teams at the company to report performance issues during code review of applications and tools in the ETL.
Education
MASTER’S IN INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING MAY 2017 UNIVERSITY OF HOUSTON GPA- 3.3
BACHELOR OF TECHNOLOGY IN MECHANICAL ENGINEERING MAY 2015 JNTUK GPA- 3.5
Certifications
CERTIFIED SOLUTIONS ASSOCIATE: BI REPORTING JAN 2020 MICROSOFT®
Skills
Data Analysis Data Visualization Data Modelling Requirements Gathering Business Process Optimization Reporting User Acceptance Testing Business Modelling Data Governance Dashboarding Change Management Strategic Planning Project Management Statistical Analysis Workflow Planning
Contact this candidate