RUPANJALI
PL SQL Developer/BI Developer +1-469-***-**** adcxhd@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Summary
Around 9 years of IT Experience in Analyzing, Modelling, Designing, and Developing Business Intelligence (BI) database applications and all segments of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), using, MS SQL Server, SQL Server Integration Services, Reporting & Analysis Services.
Having experience in SQL Development and Tableau Dashboards in latest Design and Presentation.
Experience with SDLC implementation with timely delivery against aggressive deadlines and AGILE Environment
Strong understanding of RDBMS concepts and Data Modeling Concepts.
Expert level skills in Objects creation such as Tables and Views, Table Normalization, User created Data Types,
user functions, views, user profiles, data dictionaries, data integrity, Performance tuning, Indexes and
appropriate Triggers to facilitate efficient data manipulation and data consistency.
Experience in production support for SQL generated reports.
Experience in analyzing the Explain plans and create indexes for better performance of sql queries.
Skilled in creating stored procedures for index maintenance, profiling data, searching metadata, staging procedures, and reporting databases
Experience in ORACLE with good programming knowledge in SQL, PL/SQL,
Ability to work on ETL, data modeling and data warehousing using Business Intelligence Development Studio
Expertise in requirement gathering, BRDs, developing use case diagrams, process flow diagrams, sequence diagrams using Microsoft Visio.
Advanced skills in Microsoft Office - Excel (Pivot, VLOOKUP, and Macros), Project, PowerPoint and Word.
Developed logical data models and Physical data models using Erwin and Pentaho tool.
Experience in gathering and documenting requirements and creating user manuals.
Developed Use Case Diagrams and Process Flow diagrams using Microsoft Visio
A well-organized, goal-oriented, highly motivated and effective team leader/member with excellent analytical, troubleshooting, and problem-solving Skill and project-oriented team player

Technical Skills
Database: MS-SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL
Programing Language: SQL, PLSQL
Data Modeling: ER-win, MS Visio, Pentaho
BI Tools: Power BI, Tableau
Integration Services (SSIS)
Reporting Services (SSRS, Report Builder)
SDLC: Agile and Waterfall
Data Analysis: R and basic of Python
Programming Language: SQL, PLSQL, JSP, CSS, HTML, XML
ERP Tool: Oracle Apps
Oracle Technologies: Oracle Form, Reports
Other Tools: Service Now, JIRA, Github, HPPPM
Methodologies: Scrum, Kanban

Education
B. Tech in Computer Science & Engineering, West Bengal University of Technology-India
GPA: 7.87/10
Certifications
Professional Scrum Master
Six Sigma Green Belt

Professional Experience

Client: GE Aviation, Ohio-USA May 2018 - Present
Role: Sr PL/SQL Developer
Responsibilities:

Gather requirements from business users and report owners and convert them into database objects for implementing integration and reporting.
Defined the source to target data mappings, business rules, business, and data definitions.
Assisted with defining data model development methodologies, principles, and standards.
Identified data issues and provided recommendations for resolution to ensure optimal performance.
Work independently in the development, testing, implementation and maintenance of systems of moderate size/complexity with a fast turn-around.
Utilized Visio for designing logical and physical database models.
Wrote SQL queries and stored procedures to generate data for reports.
Created, Tested and debugged the Stored Procedures, Functions, Packages, Views and triggers using PL/SQL
Worked with complex SQL queries utilizing joins, date functions, inline functions, sub-queries, user-defined functions, procedures, exception handling, views, and triggers.
Developed and modified database Tables, Indexes, Views from MVs, MVs, Type Objects, Grants, Triggers, Exception handling methods, Packages, Functions and Procedures etc
Proactively monitored, determined and solved issues at SQL/database/server levels.
Involved in gathering business requirements from the client and created technical design and specification documents, and did the solutioning to develop, implement, and enhance existing custom Modules using Oracle SQL & PL/SQL.
Participated in the analysis, monitor, and development using Data pump, Data warehouse, OLTP, OLAP
Creating Packages for data load process using containers as For-Each Loop, Sequence & controlling flow of data using tasks as Script, Data Flow, File System, and Execute Package
Participated in daily scrum meeting to report progress.
Participated in Scrum review and retrospective to understand what changes could be done to work on the development in a better way.

Client: Nielsen Corporation (New York-USA) India Mar 2015 – Apr 2018
Role: PL/SQL Developer
Responsibilities:

As a BI Developer analyzed the requirements and systematically designed the data mart for the online Services. Identified the dimensions, Fact tables and designed the data mart using star schema.
Performed in-depth data analysis activities with team leads and come up with low level & high-level design strategies and work on gap analysis with the source and already data in working
Set up meetings and interaction with team and participate in reviewing the requirement from the business needs
I have developed custom tool using excel, VBA and PLSQL procedures to delete bulk/Single rating and billing catalogues which reduced manual intervention like opening catalogue, selecting reject and then selecting delete catalogue. This tool reduced time of execution or deleting the catalogue, which is One-Click go and I shared the same tool to onsite team and received good appreciation from them.
Assist in finalizing the defined requirement and document it for further usage
Developed SQL scripts for various reporting and ad-hoc analysis as directed and work on the improvising the SQL scripts to run on different environment and involve in tuning the complex queries
Meet with users to identify the data related to the business process, and analyze databases with respect to different dimensions like accuracy, completeness, timeliness, and integrity
Worked in Agile Environment every day in SLDC
Participate in walk through Scripts and make sure the data validation on time
Generated standard financial, revenue, or other reports using BI tools for executives, managers, clients, and another stakeholder review
I have worked on custom tool using excel, VBA and PLSQL procedures to set sequences between two (source and destination) databases which reduced manual intervention of opening sequence and updating the value depending on source data base, This tool checks both data sequences and updates the destination database sequence with source database sequence automatically and which saved lot of time for us as part of configuration. I shared same tool with leads and received good appreciation from them
Created Rich dashboards using Tableau Dashboard and prepared user stories to create compelling dashboards to deliver actionable insights.
Developed SQL Queries to fetch complex data from different tables in remote databases using joins, database links, formatted the results into reports, and kept logs.

Client: GE Health Care, (New York-USA) India Jul 2014 –Feb 2015
Role: Power BI/ SQL Developer
Responsibilities:

Actively involved in user requirement gathering process.
Documented the technical specifications and generated the reports for the implementation and testing of the application.
Created Database Objects like Tables, Stored Procedures, Views, Triggers, user defined data types and functions.
Involved in the Data modeling, Physical and Logical Design of Database.
Worked on importing /transferring the data to database tables by creating interfaces
Worked on several transformations in Data Flow including Derived-Column, Lookup, Data Conversion, Conditional-Split and many more.
Supported CRM application on postpaid Custom Solution using oracle forms 6i, oracle reports 6i and PLSQL/SQL developer as part of this client requirement
Involved in complete SDLC including Requirement Specifications, Analysis, and Design, building a Dimensional Data Model, Testing, Implementation, and Debugging & Maintenance of applications.
Designed, developed using Procedures and functions in PLSQL and implemented the same in production phase.
Participated in daily stand up meetings to clarify business requirements.
Helped designing the ETL Specifications document and naming conventions for the project.
Used excel sheet, flat files, CSV files to generated Tableau ad-hoc reports.
Responsible for creating SQL datasets for Power BI and Ad-hoc Reports.
Utilizing Unified Modeling Language (UML) methodology to prepare Use-Case Models, Flow Charts, Activity Diagrams, Data Flow Diagrams and ER diagrams using Erwin/ MS-Visio.
Performed data analysis using SQL queries.

Client: GE Oil & Gas, (New York-USA) India Mar 2011 – Jun 2014
Role: SQL & Tableau Developer
Responsibilities:

Involved in Planning, Defining and Designing data based on business requirements and provided documentation.
Created Database and Database Objects like Tables, Stored Procedures, Views, Triggers, user defined data types and functions in SQL Server.
Built Strategic, Analytical and operational dashboards using Tableau.
Worked as a Tableau admin, in charge of the report development and maintenance.
Independently worked on owning IT support tasks related to Tableau Reports on Server.
Implemented the Case Statement Logic in SQL statements to reduce the PL/SQL code using Oracle feature.
Worked on Compiling, troubleshooting and maintaining stored procedures.
Used excel sheet, flat files, CSV files to generated Tableau ad-hoc reports.
Responsible for creating SQL datasets for and Ad-hoc Reports.
Built and maintained many dashboards.
Independently worked on owning IT support tasks related to Tableau Reports on Server.
Implemented the Case Statement Logic in SQL statements to reduce the PL/SQL code using Oracle feature.
Worked on Compiling, troubleshooting and maintaining stored procedures.
Participated in daily stand up meetings to clarify business requirements.
Wrote multiple SQL scripts to analyze the historical data and extracted required data.
Designed complex store procedures for data profiling process to define the structure of the pre-staging and staging area.
Involved in implementing error handling techniques with system variables, and try-catch.
Implemented indexing strategies such as covering indexes, indexed views, and index defragmentation.
Contact this candidate