Akshay Pravin Jaiswal
BI Developer /Analyst
: add1kr@r.postjobfree.com(Preferred Contact)
: 669-***-****
Summary
Curious, motivated, and passionate Business Intelligence Developer/Analyst with 6 years of IT experience in design and report development using industry’s most efficient BI tools such as Tableau, Power BI and Oracle Business Intelligence. Partnered with Cisco’s Security Business Group, for adopting the cut-edge technologies, applications, practices, methodologies and tools to analyze and work with BI engineers to transform large amounts of diverse business data into valuable and meaningful information that can be used to support enterprise-wide business decision-making. Selected Accomplishment
● Best known for analyzing business insights, define, develop and deliver Business Intelligence and Analytics solutions for internal customers, built with Java, Python, Oracle BI, Tableau and Teradata. Also includes, Integration, Implementation and maintenance of BI applications and the Database Platforms such as Snowflake,Teradata, Oracle, Hive.
● Proposed and developed a new process for the Security Business Unit iOps team to get consumption coverage of ELA Licenses and useful insights to grow the market. Decreased clerical errors 100% by automating the process by sourcing new data entry and implemented what-if analysis on Tableau dashboard.
● Recognized for the execution of concurrent projects along with improving Cisco product quality, gained customers’ confidence by analyzing data, designs and suggesting improvements. Implemented models that provided insights about product performances at customers’ sites worldwide. Commended for creating the insightful dashboards and in-house newsletter to communicate management’s vision. Reduced email back-and-forth by 60%.
● Ameliorated process efficiencies and developed data models with interactive insightful dashboards that saved 20% cost on resource allocation and reduced data processing times by up to 95%.
● Boosted new customer NPS scores by 10% by predicting NPS alert for the case Owner by using Sentiment analysis.
● Consulted the organization to increase efficiency of Cisco business transformation. Implemented model for Supply Chain Quality team that saved $200K per quarter in failure analysis. Reengineered business processes and developed data model architecture for Customer Service Hub/Case Management.
•Data Architecture • Data Warehousing • Big Data Analytics • Data Mining & Cleaning • Database Design • Data Integration • Data Governance • Data Quality • Agile & Waterfall • Process Optimization • Continuous Integration • Data Engineering • Cross functional Team Building • Business Operations • Business Development
•Thoughtspot •Power BI •Snowflake Cloud •SQL • Python •Snowflake • Hadoop • Hive • Teradata • Informatica
• OBIEE • Tableau • UNIX Shell • Cloud • Rally • SQL Developer Professional Experience
Client/Location: Cisco Systems (contracting through Zensar Technologies) San Jose CA Feb 2018 – Current Role: Computer System Analyst /BI Developer
Project: Customer Partner Services (Strategy and Planning) Technologies: ThoughtSpot/Snowflake/Tableau/Power BI/Teradata/Hive Responsibilities / Contribution:
● Direct interaction with Business partners, leadership teams to gather business requirements and metric definitions.
● Completed in-depth analyses for business optimization projects boosting revenue by 11.8%.
● Completed all projects within deadlines, securing at least 90% client satisfaction scores and recognized with annual excellence award.
● Designed and developed the Data Flows, control flows, performed data cleansing also implemented slowly changing dimensions to manage both current and historical data over time using Informatica and push data to different targets such as Snowflake, Teradata and Hive based on business requirements.
● Wrote business requirements, and procedural documents. Coordinated with offshore teams, IT, and Release Management to optimize the solution & deployments.
● Hands-on experience in data warehouse architecture also operated on Dimensional Data Modeling, Star Schema Modeling, Snow-Flake Modeling, Fact and Dimension Tables, Physical and Logical Data Modeling.
● Experience with ETL Tool such as Informatica.
● Developed reports and visualizations such as Actionable Backlogs, Shipment Backlogs, Order to Book Cycle time, Order to Case Ratios etc. to support business users to rapidly identify and track current business status and flag any potential problem areas and track key performance metrics also it supports to initiate and drive corrective actions to closure by using BI Visualization tools such as Tableau, Power BI and Oracle Business Intelligence Tool.
● Planning, Designing and development of worksheet for data analysis also developed Pinboards by using different chart types in ThoughtSpot tool.
● Executed user acceptance testing prior to product delivery to ensure deliverable quality reducing the defects by 30%. Client/Location: Cisco Systems Inc. /Zensar Technologies Ltd Pune MH India. Jan 2017 – Jan 2018 Role: Data Analyst/BI Developer
Project: Security Business Group iOPs (Enterprise License Agreement) Technologies: Tableau/Python/SQL
Responsibilities / Contribution:
● Developed "What-IF-Analysis dashboard" for ELA customers in order to evaluate beforehand consumption, License count, min run rate which has helped them to plan their bookings to reach their goal and that reduced their buying cost of ELA package by 60%.
● Executed performance tuning of major critical time consuming SQL queries, which resulted in decrease of 90 % execution time. Decreased clerical errors 100% by automating the process by sourcing new data entry and implementing “what-if” analysis on Tableau dashboard.
● Developed "Report Builder" Ad Hoc reporting solution which addresses dynamic business reporting requirements of end users. Trained end users to utilize it for ad-hoc reports which reduced business dependency on the IT team by 90%.
● Analyze, Designed and deployed the trend analysis based on the lifecycle of customer purchase which gives the trend of what to buy first vs next and helps to maintain the repository.
● Led the team to growing new contracts and renewals by 22% per year
● Developed scripts in python to deploy and schedule extracts on Tableau server to handle several dependencies of data load also used tableau python Libraries like tabdocumentapi, tableau SDK to automate the Tableau Administration activities.
● Performed extensive GAP analysis in the project as there were numerous 'As-Is' and 'To-Be' conditions. Client: Cisco Systems Inc. May 2014 – Dec 2016
Location: Zensar Technologies Ltd Pune MH India
Role: Computer System Analyst / Developer/Admin
Project: Connected Quality Integration Failure Analysis Operation Reporting Technologies: Tableau/Informatica/OBIEE/SQL
Responsibilities / Contribution:
● We have automated all manual reports and tasks. Reduce the number of hours required to support the monthly operations reviews from 18 hours per month to 10 hours per month by automating the generation of the data, metrics and charts in the new dashboard, and allow more time to be spent analyzing data for potential trends
● Identified & Created Facts, Dimensions, and Hierarchies of the business model by using Informatica ETL tool to create data warehouse schemas such as Star and snowflake for Product Quality Analysis.
● Used Debugger to validate Mappings by creating breakpoints to analyze and monitor Data flow for all metrics used in dashboards by using Informatica.
● Developed RPD to handle robust nature of Reporting such as Case Metrics aggregation, targets and its details per case.
● Created KPIs such as Cycle time attainment, Fault Isolation, First Touch cycle time, Manufacturing defects etc. KPIs lists so that users can observe changes in facts based on dimensions.
● Created and scheduled agents so that Root cause of Product Failure monthly details and summary status reports or other dashboard contents can be emailed to users as per business requirements.
● Applied parallel hints in OBI to Optimize Queries for the better performance of the reports
● Assisted BI Admin in creating users and groups and assigning privileges and application roles as per the Failure Analysis Site region and their vendors.
Education
● Bachelor’s in computer science and Engineering in 2014 from Nagpur University, Nagpur MH India.
● Diploma in Computer Science and Engineering in 2011 from Maharashtra State Board of Technical Education, Mumbai MH India.
Contact this candidate