SAI DHEERAJ TANNERU

addfzd@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 248-***-****
https://www.linkedin.com/in/saidheerajtanneru/

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Experience in Microsoft BI Tools (SSIS/SSAS/Power BI) and T-SQL.
Experience in Power BI, Tableau and other data visualization tools in Business Intelligence.
Experience in T-SQL, Creating, developing new database objects by like Tables, Views, Indexes.
Hands on experience working with Logging, Error handling using Event Handlers pre and post for SSIS Packages.
Creating SSIS Packages for integrating data using OLE DB connection from sources (Excel, CSV, Oracle, flat file, Text Format Data) by using multiple transformations provided by SSIS such as Data Conversion, Conditional Split, Bulk Insert, merge and union.
Expertise in Visualizing and Analyzing Data using Power BI with cloud based applications.
Worked on Azure cloud database servers, ADW and Blob Storage for ETL use. Also have knowledge on External and Internal tables along with Azure ADF job scheduling.
Experience with Microsoft Power BI, DAX expressions, Power View and Power Query integrated with share point.
Expert in creating Effective Reports using visualizations and Dashboards using Power BI.
Experience in creating custom visual using R Script.
Experience in creating measures and calculated columns using DAX in Power BI.
Good Experience in transforming and cleansing the data in Power Query.
Expert in implementing Row level security (RLS) for user authentication in Power BI.
Good knowledge in Power BI Embedded functionality to embed Power BI reports into their own web apps.
Experience in connecting on premise Gateways to server in Power BI.
Experience in working with Larger Datasets using Power BI premium.
Expertise in creating Cell Level Security in cubes using SSAS.
Expertise in creating Dashboard Reports to support end users using SSAS.
Experienced and passionate developer implementing new emerging Microsoft-related technologies like PowerApps.
Experience in Implementing Self Service BI Model.
Self-motivated and possess ability for critical thinking, analysis, team-oriented, technically motivated and creative, good interpersonal and communication skills. User oriented with a desire to learn client and business requirements.
Strong inclination for finishing job before project deadline. Flexible and versatile to adapt to any new environment and work on any project.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Databases
MS SQL Server, ORACLE, MS Access, DB2.

SQL Server Tools
SSMS, Configuration Manager, Enterprise Manager, Query Analyzer Profiler, DTS, SSIS, SSAS, Visual Studio, SSDT
ETL Tools
SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS)
Reporting Tools
Power BI, SSRS, Excel, Tableau.
Programming
T-SQL, PL/SQL, DAX, MDX, Power Query M.
Operating Systems
Windows 7, Windows 10, MAC.

Professional Experience

Project: ConversantIT Inc (Schlumberger, Houston.) Apr 2018 - Current
Role: PowerBI Developer

Schlumberger is the world's leading provider of technology for reservoir characterization, drilling, production, and processing to the oil and gas industry. We shall engage with global teams and translate customer requirements to software requirements. Have worked three projects for Schlumbeger, Two projects revolves mainly on readiness and value estimation of SAP upgrade and other project involves in measuring of Accuracy of Demand Forecast and managing the Materials & Supply of Operation planning resource management. It involves working on creating reports in Power BI, massaging and migrating the required data in SQL Database using SSIS and SSAS. This project uses Azure platform to perform all the tasks.

Responsibilities:

Experienced in Data Modeling used to define and analyze data requirements needed to support the business processes within the scope of corresponding information systems in organizations.
Worked with data models with complex relationships in Power BI and connected different data sources to Power BI desktop.
Worked with the use of Data Modeling Standards for all projects requiring a standard means of defining and analyzing data within an organization, to manage data as a resource, for the integration of information systems, for designing Databases/Data Warehouses (Azure).
SSIS packages to update tables with monthly data and automated it through scheduled jobs for the beginning of every month.
Designed SSIS packages, which utilized tasks and transformations such as Execute SQL Task, Data Flow Task, Sequence Container, For Each Loop Container, Lookup, Aggregate and Derived Column.
Developed packages in SSIS with error handling.
Utilized Power Query in Power BI to Pivot and Un-pivot the data model for data cleansing and data massaging.
Used M language to create Custom, Conditional columns and Append files from SP folder in Power Query.
Created different types of visualizations viz., geographical visualizations after slicing and dicing the account operations related data to analyze financial data across different locations.
Published many reports and visualizations created to the Power BI service and thereby develop dashboards.
Experienced in working with DAX commands to pull up more calculated data out of the tables.
Experienced in creating many dashboards by pinning many visualizations in the workspace as per the insights provided.
Created SQL Joins, sub-queries and other SQL code to implement business rules.
Performance tuning, and optimization of procedures and queries.
Experienced in Dimensional Data Modeling and some of the terms commonly used are Dimension Table, Attributes, Hierarchy, Fact Table, and Lookup Table.
Created a forms with Power Apps in order to users to enter Budget data every month.
Developed custom visual using R Script as per the requirement.

Project: Cognizant Solutions Corp (Applied Materials, Santa Clara.) Aug 2016 – March 2018
Role: SQL Power BI Developer

Applied Materials is the leader in materials engineering solutions. This Project involves working on Product Life Cycle management tool (Accolade) provides end-to-end solution to the client. Mainly, I was involved with creating reports in Power BI, maintaining the Database tables, views and Stored Procedures and also worked on SSIS packages and fixed bugs for SSIS, SSAS and SSRS solutions and worked on performance improvement for SSIS.

Responsibilities:

Involved in gathering the user requirements.
Performed tasks like execute SQL task, data flow task, file system task for ETL process.
Worked Extensively on ETL process using SSIS package.
Used all types of container tasks such as for loop, for each loop and sequence container in SSIS.
Created Backend validations using Insert/ Update and Delete triggers.
Configured SSIS Packages using Environment Variables for Dynamic selection of Development and Production Environment.
Part of Relational Data Warehouse Designs and effectively identified and created Facts and Dimensions tables.
Coordinated with DBA in creating and managing tables, indexes, triggers and privileges.
Designed production and sales dashboard for Sales and procurement departments using Power BI.
Using Microsoft Power BI for data visualization.
Created new measures and new calculated columns for reports and dashboard analysis.
Created data visualizations using various visual objects (Line chart, Bar chart, Tree map, Single card, KPI, Map, Pie chart, custom visuals).
Published reports and dashboards to the Power BI service.
Created Parameterized Report, Dashboard Report, Linked report and Sub Report by Year, Quarter, Month, and Week.
Created Drill Down Reports, Drill Through Report by Region.
Used various sources to pull data into Power BI such as SQL Server, SharePoint, Excel, etc.
Weekly presentation to the business users about the reports and their changes as required.
Worked on transformations that are available in Power BI query editor.
Participated in project planning sessions with project managers, business analysts and team members to analyze business requirements and outline the proposed solution.
Shared the dashboards among multiple users in the group.
Implemented row level security by restricting the users for the data access.
Created Content packs that package up a dashboard, report, and dataset to share with users.
Good Knowledge and experience on Power BI Gateways (Personal and Enterprise gateways).
Used agile development Methodology.

Environment: SQL SERVER 2005/2008, Power BI, T-SQL, SSIS (2005), SSRS (2005), Business Objects, Windows Server 2008, Visual Studio.

Education

Master of Science: Computer Science Jan 2015 - May 2016
Major: Electrical Engineering
Cleveland State University, Cleveland, Ohio
3.4GPA

ACADEMIC PROJECTS

Database, Data Warehouse Design and Implementation – Online Real Estate Agency jan2016 - Apr 2016
Designed and developed DB, DW in SQL Server 2016 for the client to manage their business scope.
Responsible for data modeling, designing tables, functions, stored procedures, triggers using SQL.
Responsible for data modeling, extracting, transforming, loading data, reporting using SSIS, SSAS, PowerBI.

Database Management and Data Warehousing Sep 2015 – Nov 2015
Design ERD model based on the business requirements.
Develop database based on the designed ERD model using SQL server 2014.
Design Star Schema to build Data warehouse database.
Developed packages for complex data transformations.
Used Control Flow elements like Containers, Execute SQL Task, Execute Package Task, File System Task and Send Mail Task etc.
Used different transformations like data conversion, derived column, look up, Conditional Split, Aggregate, Union all, merge join and multi cast transformations.
Worked on Event Handlers for the Packages using Event Handler Tab for Error Handling.
Created Package configurations and logging.
Contact this candidate