Temesgen M. Tirunem SQL/BI Developer
404-***-**** adeokc@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Summary:
Over 7+ years of IT experience in Database Design, Development, Implementation and Support using various Microsoft technologies (SQL Server 2017/2016/2014/2012/2008) covering various domains including Finance, Banking, Retail and Insurance.
Extensive experience in creating and implementing SQL Server database objects, in creating and utilizing triggers, store procedures, functions, cursors and views.
Experienced working in agile project Methodology with full software development life cycle (SDLC) including analysis, design, programming, testing and documentation.
Proficient in installing, configuring, managing, monitoring and troubleshooting MS SQL Server 2017/2016/2014/2012/2008.
Developed logical and physical data model using ERWIN and mapped the data into database objects.
Expert at developing ETL interfaces using SSIS, Data Marts/Cubes using SSAS and Enterprise Reports using Power BI and SSRS utilizing latest versions and features.
Have hands on experience in Performance Tuning and Query Optimization.
Worked on identifying and resolving blocking and deadlocks.
Expert in converting Crystal Reports to SQL Server Reports.
Skillful in using Power Pivot to provide deep data analysis and Power View to create automatically updated dashboard.
Strong experience in providing Logging, Error handling by using Event Handler, and Custom Logging for SSIS Packages.
Have hands on experience in Data Scrubbing, Data Staging and Data Validation in preparation of pushing data to production environment.
Strong analytical skills, proven ability to work well in a multi-disciplined team environment, and adept at learning new tools and processes with ease.
Ability to quickly comprehend the unique requirements of each client to formulate effective solutions in a deadline-oriented environment.

Education:
Bachelor’s degree

Status: US Citizen
Technical Skills:
DBMS/RDBMS: MS-SQL Server (2017/2016/2014/2012/2008), Microsoft Azure, Oracle, DB2, MS SQL Profiler, SQL Query Analyzer, MS SQL Server Index Tuning Wizard.
ETL Tools: SQL Server Data Tools (SSDT), SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), Data Transformation Services (DTS) and T-SQL, Azure Data Factory.
SAAS Tools: Salesforce Sales Cloud, Salesforce Marketing Cloud.
Reporting Tools: SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Power BI, Crystal Reports
Programming Languages: T-SQL, PL/SQL, MDX and DAX.
Tools: Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio, Visual Studio.
Operating Systems: Windows Server 2012/2008/2008R/2003/2000, UNIX, Linux.
Office Tools: MS word, MS Excel (Power Pivot, Power view, Macros and Graphs), PowerPoint, Outlook and Visio.
Source Control: Team foundation server 2015 (TFS), GIT, Visual Source Safe 2005 (VSS).
Networking: TCP/IP, DNS, WINS, DHCP, FTP

Professional Experience:
SR SQL/BI DEVELOPER
Truist/Sun Trust Bank Atlanta, GA February 2018 – Present
Responsibilities:
Created database objects such as Tables, Views, Stored Procedures, Triggers, Indexes and functions.
Implemented complex business logic with Store procedures, User Defined Functions, Views and wrote T-SQL batches with CTE (Common Table Expressions) for recursive operations.
Created complex T-SQL queries, Stored procedures for data extraction.
Applied various business logic to Scrub/clean/validate/convert/allocate the data using string manipulations, analytical functions, cast functions, CTE, user defined functions, and ad-hoc queries.
Designed number of SSIS packages for data transfer between flat files, XML, Sales Force, Oracle, MYSQL and SQL Server using different transformations like Lookup, Derived Column, Conditional Split, Merge Join, Fuzzy Lookup, Script Component.
Involved with application team in developing VB Script, C#, and ASP.Net, VB.Net and .Net framework creation in SSAS and SSIS.
Created SSIS Templates for developing SSIS Packages, Implemented SQL Server configurations and error handling in SSIS Packages.
Deployed SSIS Projects/Packages to Testing and Production environments. Have performed scheduling and administrating SSIS Packages.
Enabled CDC on the existing OLTP tables for continuous integration into data mart and created Power BI reports for stakeholders.
Involved in testing SQL Scripts for report development, SSRS, Dashboards, Scorecards and handled the performance issues effectively.
Involved in developing graphs using appropriate transformations for implementing the business logics in data loading
Created materialized views as per business requirements and wrote number of stored procedure and dynamic SQL.
Designed SSIS Packages to cleanse, remove duplicates and matching data through Data Quality Services
Involved in Creating Back up Strategies and implementing Disaster Recovery
Environment/tools: MS SQL Server 2017/2016/2014, MS SSAS, SSIS, SSRS, Report Builder 3.0, T-SQL, Windows Server 2012, SQL Profiler, MS Office, Power BI desktop, Erwin 9.6, VB6, VB Script, and C#., Agile Scrum, Jira

MS SQL/BI Developer
The Home Depot Atlanta, GA March 2015 – February 2018
Responsibilities:
Worked on all phases of data warehouse development lifecycle from requirement gathering to testing, implementation, and support.
Extracted data from internal data warehouse system to SSRS.
Assisted with various ad hoc query requests.
Modified Store procedures and formulated basic coding and scripting to be utilized for reports within the organization.
Analyzed data models, data relationships, database normalization and dependencies for better optimization.
Designed and developed stored procedures, queries and views necessary to support SSRS reports
Designed new reports and wrote technical documentations.
Gathered requirements, analyzed data, developed and built SSRS reports and dashboards.
Scheduled and managed daily/weekly/monthly operational and management reports based on the business requirements.
Created and maintained SSIS ETL packages to extract data from different systems, Like Postgres, MS SQL and load variety of large volume data into data warehouse from different sources like flat file, Excel file.
Developed parameterized reports which were used for making current and future business decisions.
Developed Stored Procedures to generate various Drill-through reports, Parameterized reports, Tabular reports and Matrix reports using SSRS.
Environment/tools:
MS SQL Server 2014/2012/2008R2, T-SQL, SSIS, SSRS, Query Analyzer, MS Access, MS Excel, ERWIN, Windows Server 2008R2/2012

MS SQL Server /SSRS/SSIS BI Developer
ConnectiCare Inc Farmington, CT April 2013 – March 2015
Responsibilities:
Successfully managed Extraction, Transformation and Loading (ETL) process by pulling large volume of data from Oracle, DB2, MS Access, Excel and Flat file.
Created SSIS packages to import data from Excel, flat files and other OLEDB sources.
Developed, and scheduled variety of reports like Crosstab, parameterized, drill through and sub reports with SSRS.
Configured SSIS package to send email messages if tasks in the package workflow succeed or fail or send messages in response to an event that the package raises at run time.
Managed Subscriptions, Snapshots and Security in the report manager.
Wrote complex SQL queries using joins, sub queries and correlated sub queries to retrieve data from the database.
Improved database performance including CTE, views, stored procedures, Index, etc. and optimized the T-SQL statements using SQL profiler and Execution Plan.
Used Power Pivot to spot favorable, unfavorable trends and outliers.
Generated parameterized queries for generating tabular reports using global variables, expressions, functions, and stored procedures using SSRS.
Worked closely with the Data Warehouse development team to develop new databases to support reporting needs and to identify and resolve database performance problems.
Involved in designing multidimensional OLAP cubes in SSAS from the existing data warehouse for various sales, marketing and buying divisions.
Environment/tools:
MS SQL Server 2012/2008R2/2008, SSIS, SSRS, SQL profiler, Query Analyzer, Database Engine tuning wizard, MS Access, MS Excel, ERWIN, Windows Server 2008R2/2012
Contact this candidate