SriKumar
**** ****** ******** ***: ***, Mobile: +1-757-***-**** Email: adf4lq@r.postjobfree.com
Virginia Beach, VA

Professional Summary:

* ***** ** ********** ** the analysis, design, development, testing, performance and documentation of Database and Client Server applications.
Experience in data architecture designs.
Experience using tools like RedGate's SQL Monitor to diagnose server reliability and performance issues
Expert in Data Warehouse development starting from inception to implementation and ongoing support, Strong
Understanding of BI application design and development principles.
Excellent command with MS SQL Server 2012/2014/2017, worked on Integration services (SSIS), Reporting services (SSRS) and Analysis services (SSAS).
Experience in DTS Migration and Metadata Management, Migrating DTS Packages to SSIS, Package Migration Wizard, BULK INSERT and Storage Management.
Experience in Database design, Development, Data Modeling, Administration, ETL packages using DTS / SSIS, Performance Tuning, Stored Procedures for Database applications using MS SQL Server 2017/2014 Proficient in implementing all transformations available on the SSIS toolbox.
Analyzed the source data, Coordinated with Data Warehouse team in developing Relational Model. Designed and developed logical and physical models to store data retrieved from other sources including legacy systems.
Experienced in developing Data Mapping, Performance Tuning and Identifying Bottlenecks of sources, mappings, targets and sessions.
Expert in creating SQL objects like Tables, Complex Stored Procedures, Triggers, Views, Indexes, and User Defined Functions to facilitate efficient data manipulation and consistent data storage.
Strong development skills with Azure Data Lake, Azure Data Factory, SQL Data Warehouse Azure Blob, Azure Storage Explorer.
Well experienced in SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Server Business Intelligence Development Studio, SQL Server Enterprise Manager, and SQL Query Analyzer.
Created packages using Integration Services (SSIS) for data extraction from Flat Files, Excel
Experienced in query optimization & performance tuning. Used Execution Plan, Performance Monitor and DBCC Commands.
Experienced in SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Server Business Intelligence Development Studio, SQL Server Enterprise Manager, and SQL Query Analyzer.
Experienced in building Data Integration and Workflow Solutions and Extract, Transform, and Load (ETL) solutions for data warehousing using tools like SSIS import and export and SSIS packages.
Good experience working with FACETS Application.

Technical skills:

RDBM/Databases:
MSSQL Server 2012/2014/2017, Oracle 9i & 11g, Teradata, MS Access 2015, MYSQL.
Programming Languages:
T-SQL, PL/SQL, Dynamic SQL
Data Modeling :
MS Visio, ERWIN 4.5/4.0, FACT& Dimensions tables, Physical & Logical data modeling, Star & Snowflake schema Relational, Dimensional and multidimensional modeling and De-normalization Techniques, MS- Access.
ETL-Tools:
DTS, SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), Informatica.
BI Tools:
SQL, SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS 2012/2015/2017), SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS 2012) SQL Server Analytical Services (SSAS 2012), Data Transformation Services (DTS), Visual Studio, BIDS, Power BI, Tableau.
Tools/Database Utilities:

SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Server Enterprise Manager, SQL Server Profiler, Import & Export Wizard, Visual Studio., Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS), Toad, IIS 6.0/7.0, Visual Studio Team Foundation Server (TFS),ERWIN 7.3/7.2.
Application Packages:
MS Office.

Education:

Master’s Degree in Computer Science at University of Central Missouri

Work Experience:

Anthem Inc., Norfolk, Virginia October 2016 – Till Date
Sr. SQL BI Developer

Project: Government Business Division (CMS Federal)

Responsibilities:

Worked on Full life cycle development (SDLC) involving in all stages of development.
Involved in gathering Business Requirement after interacting with the Manager and development team to build up a solution to implement in SQL Server 2017.
Creating and managing schema objects such as tables, views, indexes, stored procedures, and triggers & maintaining Referential Integrity.
Used stored procedures, wrote new stored procedures, modified existing ones, and tuned them such that they perform well.
Used advanced features of T-SQL in order to design and tune T-SQL to interface with the Database and other applications in the most efficient manner and created stored Procedures for the business logic using T-SQL.
Used indexes to enhance the performance of individual queries and enhance the Stored Procedures.
Continuous review of Business critical Database to proactively identify space issues, performance-tuning issues.
Created Complex ETL Packages using SSIS to extract data from staging tables to partitioned tables with incremental load.
Used ETL to implement Slowly Changing Dimension to maintain historical data in Data Warehouse.
Developed SSIS packages using various transformations such as Conditional Splits, Fuzzy Look Ups, Aggregations, and Multicasting.
Created packages using SSIS for data extraction from Flat Files, Excel Files, and OLEDB to SQL Server.
Experience in providing Logging, Error handling by using Event Handler, and Custom Logging for SSIS Packages.
Expert in Migration 2017 of data from various OLTP sources Such as Oracle, MS Excel, flat filesand CSV files.
Worked on migration for large amount of data from OLTP to OLAP by using ETL Packages.
Worked on SSIS performance tuning using counters, error handling, event handling, re-running of failed SSIS packages using checkpoints.
Worked on Azure SQL Data Factory to load Azure SQL Data Warehouses for analytics and reporting.
Data integrated from multiple internal sources into an AzureSQLServer with Azure Data factory and Azure Automation.
Used SQL Azure Databases, Data Lakes, SSIS to capture features used to train risk attribute models used to score and identify high-risk deals.
Architect and implement ETL and data movement solutions using Azure Data Factory, SSIS create and run SSIS Package ADF V2 Azure-SSIS IR
Expert in creating simple and parameterized reports and complex reports involving Sub Reports, Matrix/Tabular Reports, Charts and Graphs using SSRS in Business intelligence development studio (BIDS).
Experience in writing expressions in SSRS and Expert in fine-tuning the reports. Created many Drill through and Drill Down reports using SSRS.
Generated on-demand and scheduled reports for business analysis or management decision using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).
Created Grouping, Sorting columns and writing expressions according to the business requirements.
Provided SSRS and SSAS support for internal IT projects requiring report development.
Used various transformations like Filter, Router, Expression, Lookup (connected and unconnected), Aggregator, Sequence Generator, Update Strategy, Joiner, Normalizer, Sorter and Union to develop robust mappings in the Informatica Designer.
Worked on Red Gate SQL Source Control, SQL Compare, SQL Data Compare,

Environment: Facets, MS SQL Server 2014/2016, SSMS, T-SQL, SSIS, Azure Data Factory (ADF), Azure SQL, SSRS, Informatica 10.2,SSAS, Tableau, MS Excel.

Evolent Health, Arlington, Virginia May 2015 – October 2016
SQL BI Developer/SSIS/SSRS

Description: RAF (RISK ADJUSTMENT FACTOR) is a statistical process that takes into account the underlying health status and health spending of the enrollees in an insurance plan when looking at their health care outcomes or health care costs.

Responsibilities:

Worked on Full life cycle development (SDLC) involving in all stages of development.
Involved in designing technical specifications for building Data Warehouse.
Created Database Objects – Schemas, Tables, Indexes, Views, User defined functions, Cursors, Triggers, Stored Procedure, Constraints and Roles.
Used various transformations like Filter, Router, Expression, Lookup (connected and unconnected), Aggregator, Sequence Generator, Update Strategy, Joiner, Normalizer, Sorter and Union to develop robust mappings in the Informatica Designer.
Developed SSIS packages to extract data from OLTP to OLAP systems and schedule the same as jobs using SQL Server Agent.
Used ETL to implement Slowly Changing Dimension to maintain historical data in Data Warehouse.
Experience in Logical modeling using the Dimensional Modeling techniques such as Star Schema and Snow Flake Schema.
Migrated old data from MS Access and Excel into SQL Server 2012 using SSIS Packages in Business Intelligence Development Studio.
Extensively worked with SSIS tool suite, designed and created mappings using various SSIS transformations like OLEDB Command, Conditional Split, Derived column, Data conversion, SQL task, Send Mail task Lookup, Aggregator, Multicast and Lookup.
Created Cross-Tab, Drill-down, Drill-through and Sub drill down reports -Report using RDL. Promoted RDLs to Reporting Service Server.
Created Grouping, Sorting columns and writing expressions according to the business requirements.
Used Reporting Services (SSRS) to schedule reports to be generated on predetermined time.
Developed Cascading Reports for Employee Reports, Ad-hoc Reports using Report Builder, SQL server Reporting Services (SSRS) 2012.
Integrated reports from SSRS with SharePoint 2010. Designed and deployed reports and BI Dashboards utilizing PerformancePoint Services/Dashboard Designer.
Deploying and scheduling Reports using SSRS to generate all daily, weekly, monthly and quarterly Reports including status.

Environment: SQL Server 2014/2012 Management Studio, SQL Server Business Intelligence Studio (BIDS) SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Microsoft Windows XP, MS Excel.

Kiewit Corporation, Omaha, Nebraska August 2014 – April 2015
Business Analyst &SQL BI Developer/SSIS/SSRS

Description:Kiewit is implementing DataMart project for Management reporting to convert all existing reports that are in OLTP to reports from OLAP and to create new reports from OLAP. The main purpose of the project is to create a cube from DataMart’s and run the reports from it, in order to make it faster for the end users. ETL is created to load all the data from databases to DataMart’s.

Responsibilities:

Involved in gathering Business Requirement after interacting with the Manager and development team to build up a solution to implement in SQL Server 2012.
Involved in designing technical specifications for building Data Warehouse.
Contributed in creating ETL designs and provided end users an easy accession to data marts.
Troubleshot and resolved data models issues, formulated reports, and analytical programs.
Developed data Mappings between source systems and warehouse components
Developed SSIS packages using various transformations such as Conditional Splits, Fuzzy Look Ups, Aggregations, and Multicasting.
Extract data from access, excel, flat file, and different database and load in SQL database Using SSIS packages.
Creating, loading, and modifying a new package or an existing package or add and configure components, making changes object by using Control Flow Tools and Data Flow Tools and then verify it.
Involved in generating summary reports like Tabular, Matrix using SSRS.
Generated on-demand and scheduled reports for business analysis or management decision using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).

Environment: MS SQL Server 2014, SSMS, T-SQL, SSIS, SSRS, Power BI, MS Excel.

Xalted Technologies(Client: CITI Group), Hyderabad, India July 2012 – July 2014
SQL Server / SSIS / SSRS Developer
Responsibilities:

Worked as a developer in creating complex Stored Procedures, Triggers, Functions, Indexes, Tables, Views and other T-SQL code and SQL joins for applications.
Developed several stored procedures to handle large amount of data manipulation.
Created ETL packages using SSIS to extract data from different data sources, reformats the data and load the reformatted data into destination tables.
Responsible for transferring the data using SSIS packages from excel/flat file sources to database.
Responsible for deploying/scheduling SSIS packages as per schedule.
Published migrated data using SSIS (SQL Server Integration Services), DTS Wizard (Data Transformation Services) Tool through data flow tasks, look up transformations and script tasks.
Experience in SSIS script task, look up transformations and data flow tasks using T- SQL.
Generated SSRS Enterprise reports from SQL Server Database (OLTP) and SQL Server and included various reporting features such as groups, sub-groups, adjacent-groups, group by total, group by sub-totals, grand-totals, drilldowns, drill through, sub-reports, navigation reports (Hyperlink) etc.
Report parameters included single valued parameters, multi-value parameters that also consist of different parameter types like hidden, internal, default (queried and non-queried parameters).
Developed Cascading Reports for Employee Reports, Ad-hoc Reports using Report Builder, SQL server Reporting Services (SSRS)

Environment: MS SQL Server 2008 R2 Management Studio, SSIS, SSRS, T-SQL, MS Access, Windows Server 2008.

References:

Available on Request.
Contact this candidate