GAURAV SINGH B***, Royal Platinum,
adfe1e@r.postjobfree.com VIT Road, Jagatpura
+91-750******* (M) Jaipur-302017
B.E. Information Technology

Experience Summary:
A result oriented individual with total work experience of 8+ years across the Microsoft Practices
Over the span of my career I have had the opportunities to explore various nuances of SharePoint including latest technology stack such as SharePoint framework, Modern UI, Power Platforms such as Powerapps, flows (Power Automate), Power BI with JS frameworks such as React/Angular/Node.js and also built custom application through technologies such as C#, Asp.net core/MVC, Web API and Entity framework. I have had the chance to work for diverse clientele, which helped me acquiring knowledge of various verticals and domains such as Energy, Healthcare, Finance, FMCG and E-governance along with working in the agile methodologies

Educational Qualification:

Examination

School/College
Board / University
Year of Passing

Percentage

B.E. (I.T.)
MBM Engineering College, Jodhpur
JNV University, Jodhpur
2011
68.7%
Sr. Secondary
Maheshwari Public School, Jaipur
CBSE
2006
79.8%
Secondary
Maheshwari Public School, Jaipur
CBSE
2004
87.8%

Professional Experience:
Wipro Ltd., Jaipur: 14th June 2018 – till Present
Designation: Senior Consultant

Vodafone India Service Private Ltd., Pune: 18th December 2017 – 14th June 2018
Designation: Assistant Manager

DellEMC, Pune: 5th May 2016 – 15th December 2017
Designation: Senior Analyst

L&T InfoTech, Pune: 6th July 2015 – 22nd March 2016
Designation: Senior Software Engineer

Infosys Ltd., Pune: 18th July 2011 – 30th June 2015
Designation: Senior Systems Engineer
Skill Set:
8+ years of IT Experience in software/ web portal development with sound exposure to SharePoint development and customization along with the development of applications using C#, .net Core, Asp.net MVC/web API and frontend JS framework such as React and angular related technology stack including developing the modules for the project in sprints using Agile Methodology
Hands on C#, MVC 4+, .net Core, Web API, Entity framework, SQL server, Office 365, SharePoint 2010/2013/2016, Power BI, Microsoft Power Platforms such as Powerapps, Flows (Power Automate), HTML, XSLT, XML, Bootstrap, CSS3, REST APIs, JSON, JQuery and JavaScript and on various frontend JS frameworks such as underscore, Knockout, Angular, React, Typescript and Node.js

Built responsive design for the Application using the frameworks such as Bootstrap, CSS3, HTML5 and using ECMA script standards (ES5/ES6) for JavaScript with Visual Studio/Visual Studio Code/Gulp, SharePoint designer, Design Manager
Have worked on setting up of Power BI module for the projects which primarily incudes connection with the database, creating dashboards and drill-down reports, applying the page filters on the visualizations, writing DAX queries for the custom filters, embedding the Power BI dashboard in SharePoint Solutions/ custom .net applications, as per the requirements.
Is well versed with the new design paradigms of the SharePoint including Hands-On on the Power Platform such as Power BI, Powerapps and Flows (Power Automate), Using the Powerapps studio to design Apps, Integrating the power Automate with SharePoint Lists and Powerapps.
Have worked on the customizing site pages, lists and libraries and web parts such as data view / data form / content query web part/ content search web part using display templates and also have worked on customizing the Modern UI using latest front-end frameworks such as React along with the gulp and yeoman generator, Office Fabric UI.
Worked Extensively on REST APIs, Graph APIs to develop the applications on SharePoint Online / Framework /Office 365 solutions and is also well versed with Oauth2.0 and OData for the Restful web-services, while integrating them with cloud platform such as Microsoft Azure
Have good knowledge and understanding of various .net frameworks/ SharePoint development frameworks and is well versed with the Agile-scrum based methodologies for software development life cycle and also Have sound knowledge of classic SharePoint development methodologies including CSOM (.Net)/JSOM using REST API & SP Web-Services.
Have worked extensively on building and designing the workflows for the SharePoint sites primarily using Nintex and SharePoint designer and also worked extensively on Migration projects in SharePoint including MOSS 2007 to SP 2010, SP 2010 to SP 2013/ SP online with the help of Content Matrix, Manual migration and using Content DB attach-detach etc.
Is well versed with the Admin tasks such as configurations of timer jobs, Service Applications, creation and setup of Content Type Hub, Site Collection provisioning, Site Collections Data Limits and Health Report generations for the entire site collections using third party tools and PowerShell.

Current Project:
E-governance (Raj Master/ SJED Scheme Management System)
Description: Rajmasters / SMS were Built using .net related stack such as C#, MVC 4+ / .net Core 2+ /Web API2 and Entity framework 5 which also involves dashboard creation for the report collection and generation using SSRS and Power BI using SQL Server 2014. Development/enhancements of the portal functionalities as per the requirements and feedback received from the end users. Roles and Responsibilities primarily includes
Client Management, Requirement gathering, analyzing and overseeing the key modules development.
Preparation of the proposals / RFP’s for the project bidding
Leading the team of developers and also working in the capacity of individual contributor as per the project needs.
Training and demonstration being given to the key client functionaries regarding the usage of the Portal old functionalities as well as new functionality being devloped in accordance with the feed back received.

Previous Project(s):
Vodafone Powerapps/ Intranet Portals/ Portal for Product Catalogues
Description: Created, developed and deployed Powerapps and Power Automate in the Project. Requirement Gathering, Understanding and Analysis. Business Use case was to create the Meeting Room Booking Application for the Business user. Powerapps studio was used along with the Power Automate (flows) to send the notification on booking confirmation to the concerned user. Necessary rules were applied so as to validate the room was empty at the time of booking. Also Have worked on creating the numerous Portals using SharePoint Online as backend and using front-end frameworks such as knock-out/React/underscore/lodash/bootstrap and Angular JS to build the responsive designs. Creating the Dashboard using Google Analytics and Power BI
AJG USA SharePoint 2013 Upgrade
Description: Created, developed and deployed the SharePoint 2013 solutions using App Model. Whole web application was migrated from server side object model code in SharePoint 2010 to SharePoint 2013 and built from scratch using Client side object model such as CSOM/JSOM, REST Api’s, JSON, JQuery Grid, BCS, external Content types for the legacy Data and App Model, Extensively used ECMA scripts to develop the solutions as per the requirements. We also performed and executed migration of list and libraries of existing applications onto SP2013 from SP2010 using content Matrix tool.
PwC Intranet
Description: Created and built custom solutions using C#/.Net /Angular/bootstrap which is deployed on SharePoint. Creation and bug-fixing the custom event receivers, custom web services, timer jobs and custom workflows for dashboard portal using Visual Studio 2013/SQL server 2012. Used agile methodology for development in project. Also created custom web parts, custom features event receivers as per the requirements.

Maxis Intranet
Description: Created and customized Master Pages, Page Layouts, setting up of Content Type hub using Managed Metadata service, Content search web part customization using custom Search display templates, content query web parts using modified XSLT’s, using taxonomy managed navigation for the intranet portals, Managed Metadata Services. Created responsive designs of the SharePoint Portal for various devices using design manager, bootstrap frameworks and media queries using CSS3.

Tools & IDE
TFS, SVN, Visual Studio Code, Visual Studio 2017/2015/2013, Postman, SharePoint Designer, Google Analytics/Power BI, Power Apps Studio, Nintex, Gulp, Yeoman, PnpCore CLI, PowerShell, Metalogix Migration Manager (Content Matrix), MS SQL Server 2016/2014/2008, InfoPath Designer 2010/2013, notepad++.

Personal Profile:

Name : Gaurav Singh
Father’s Name : Dr. Yashbir Singh
Gender : Male
Marital Status : Married
Nationality : Indian
Permanent Address : B215, Royal Platinum, VIT Road, Near SRN International School
Jagatpura, Jaipur, Rajasthan-302017.
Phone No : +91-750*******
Date of Birth : 02-10-1988
Contact this candidate