Siva prasad
Email: adhksp@r.postjobfree.com

Ph: 678-***-****

SUMMARY

Around 9+ years of IT Experience in System Design, Development and Support of Microsoft SQL Server2014/2012/2008 R2/2008/2005/2000 in Development, Data warehouse, Test and Production Environments on various business domains like Financial, Insurance and Health Care.

Experience in Data Schema Design, and Table Design.
Experience with T-SQL in constructing Tables, Triggers, User Function, Views, User Profiles, Relational Database Models, Data Dictionaries and Data Integrity.
Experience in Using multiple join statements to retrieve data from multiple tables
Experience in Creating Backend validations using Insert/Update and Delete triggers and Created views for generating reports.
Worked in SDLC(Systems Development Life Cycle) for developing systems/Software
Experience in writing Programs for implementing Stored Procedures for different tasks. Worked with Development teams in relation to application tuning.
Experience in MS Business Intelligence tools like SQL Server Integration Services, Analysis Services and Reporting Services.
Understand the Requirements and Functionality of the application from specifications.
Designed, developed, tested, and maintained Tableau functional reports based on user requirements.
Mastered the ability to design and deploy rich Graphic visualizations with Drill Down and Drop down menu option and Parameters using Tableau.
Migrated DTS objects to SQL Server Integrated Services environment, migrated data from SAS environment to SQL Server 2005/2008/2012 via SQL Server Integrated Services.
Implemented SSIS data, created maintenance procedures and provided data integrity strategies.
Created ETL packages using SSIS to move data from various heterogeneous data sources.
Created logs for ETL load at package level and task level to log number of records processed by each package and each task in a package using SSIS.
Implemented error handling and roll back process in ETL load.
Configured SSIS packages using Package configuration wizard to allow packages run on different environments.
Used SSIS to create ETL packages to validate, extract, transform and load data to data warehouse databases, data mart databases, and process SSAS cubes to store data to OLAP databases
Expert in removing the Duplicate (De-duplication) rows from a table and applying Fuzzy lookup in SSIS
Worked with Financial companies for application related pricing and security applications
Experience in SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) OLAP Cubes, and Mining, Implemented Snow Flakes Schema and Star Schema
Experience in multidimensional databases with demonstrated ability to create calculated members and MDX scripting
Proficient in building Cubes, defining Referenced Relationships and creating Hierarchies in SSAS
Expertise in creating Cell Level Security in cubes using SSAS.
Expert in uploading SQL Server Reports on to the report manager and organize them in folders and worked with delivering the reports using ‘pulled’ and ‘pushed’ methodologies.
Developed Reports using efficient data retrieval techniques
Developed Custom Reports and different types of Tabular Reports, Matrix Reports, Ad hoc Reports and distributed Reports in multiple formats using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) in Business intelligence development studio (BIDS).
Built and wrote MDX Queries, Calculated Members, and KPI’s using Microsoft SQL Server 2005/2008 Analysis Services Business Intelligence (SSAS, SSRS)
Excellent Report creation skills using Microsoft Reporting Services (SSRS) 2008.
Expertise in Power BI, Power BI Pro, Power BI Mobile.
Expert in creating and developing Power BI Dashboards in to rich look.
Excellent communication, presentation, interpersonal skills, strong troubleshooting and organizational skills.

Databases
SQL server 2000/2005/2008 R2/2012, 2014 MS Access
Operating Systems
Windows NT/98/ 2000/XP/Vista/2003, MS-DOS
OLAP/Reporting Tools
SQLServer Analysis Service (SSAS), SQL Server Reporting Service (SSRS), MDX, Business Objects 6.x, crystal reports, Power BI.
ETL Tools
SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server DTS, ETL Informatica.
Other Tools
Microsoft Visual Source Safe, Microsoft Office, MS Visio, Azure.
Data Modeling Tools
Microsoft Visio 2000/2003,Altova tool
SQL Server Tools
SQL server Management Studio, SQL server Query Analyzer, SQL server mail service, DBCC, BCP, SQL server profiler
Programming languages
C, SQL, PL/SQL, T-SQL, C#, Asp.NET.
Data Modeling
Star Schema Modeling, FACT, Dimensions Tables, Physical and Logical Data Modeling
Data Warehousing & BI
SQL Server, Business Intelligence Studio, SSIS, SSAS, Access Manager, SQL Server 2000 Analysis Services and SQL Reporting services, DTS, ProClarity, PPS-2007, MOSS.
Technical Skills

Professional Experience

Client: Optum/UHG, Eden Prairie, MN
Role: SQL/SSIS & SSRS & Power BI developer /Manual Tester May 2018 - Current

Responsibilities:
Collaborates with business analysts, subject matter experts, and other team members to determine data extraction and transformation requirements.
Experience in creating database Objects like Tables, Stored Procedures, Views, Triggers, user defined data types and functions.
Worked closely with Business users. Interacted with ETL developers, Project Managers, and members of the QA teams.
Converted existing BO reports to tableau dashboards
Build and maintain SQL scripts, indexes, and complex queries for data analysis and extraction.
Building and maintaining SQL scripts in Microsoft SQL server for various projects as well as maintaining them.
Designing, developing, and maintaining complex SQL queries for data analysis and data extraction as per client requirements.
Created ETL jobs to load Twitter JSON data and server data into MongoDB and transported MongoDB into the Data Warehouse.
Maintained 150 SSIS packages that push data from all Salesforce objects in to a SQL database.
Used task factory and Red gate third party tools to upsert the data into salesforce.
Extraction of data from Salesforce to SQL database.
Created reports and dashboards using structured and unstructured data.
Designed high-level ETL packages for overall data transfer from the OLTP to OLAP.
Created various Documents such as Source-To-Target Data mapping Document, Unit Test, Cases, and Data Migration Document.
Analyzing large and complex systems to determine performance bottlenecks, application bugs, and suggesting ways to improve efficiency.
Executing the code to ensure it gives desired results, and performing debugging for removing errors.
Developing and updating database as well as merging collected information from old to new systems as required.
Use the SSIS platform to extract, transform, and load data. Develop, test, integrate, and deploy ETL routines using ETL tools and external programming/scripting languages as necessary. Write and maintain unit test cases.
Provide data analysis and technical documentation for both source and target mappings.
Experience using query tools for Teradata, DbVisualizer, and MS SQL Server to validate reports and troubleshoot data quality issues in IPCA Application.
Did data validation using Teradata SQL Assistant.
Generated the weekly, monthly, and quarterly report by using SQL Server Reporting Services and Excel.
Manage and contribute to all aspects of application development including functional and technical specifications, design, development and production support.
Transferred data by adding Derived column Transformation, count of records, merging of data has been done while pulling data from Source to the Target.
Created various Stored Procedures to validate the data from source and update the records and insert them into a newly created table that reflects data on IPCA application.
Very Strong skill in building and using CTE's Common table Expressions for building recursive queries.
Created Test plan & Script, Defect Management Templates, Created Initial test plan and developed test cases and test scripts manually.
Used Agile Rally Central to store all testing results, metrics, created Test Cases, and Reporting.
Reviewed Business requirements, IT Design documents and prepared Test Plans which involved various Test Cases for all assigned module/projects, Review Test Requirements, Creating Test Plans and Test Strategy documents.
Developed a Defects Tracking Log in Agile Rally Central Site to track defects while testing.
Involved in UAT testing, SIT Testing, Regression Testing and Functional testing.
UAT End to End testing in PAAN (Prior Authorization and Notification), TTAP, I-ICUE (Integrated Clinical User Experience), and ECCA (Enterprise Clinical Archive Application).
Developed Power BI model used for financial reporting of P & L and Headcount.
Designed and documented the entire Architecture of Power bi Poc.
Expertise in writing complex DAX functions in Power BI and Power Pivot.
Automated Power Query refresh using power shell script and windows task scheduler.
Used various sources to pull data into Power BI such as Sql Server, SAP BW, Oracle, SQL Azure etc.. .
Installed and configured Enterprise gateway and Personal gateway in Power bi service.
Created Workspace and content packs for business users to view the developed reports.
Scheduled Automatic refresh and scheduling refresh in power bi service.
Wrote calculated columns, Measures query’s in power bi desktop to show good data analysis techniques.
Weekly presentation to the business users about the reports and their changes as required.
Worked on all kind of reports such as Yearly, Quarterly, Monthly, and Daily.
Worked on all types of transformations that are available in Power bi query editor
Created stored procedures and SQL queries to pull data into power pivot model.
Both managed and independent research to stay current on the latest, data tier capabilities of SQL Server and Azure and, working with the Data Tier Architect, pragmatically injecting these new technologies into the product architecture.
Data analytics and engineering experience in multiple Azure platforms such as Azure SQL, Azure SQL Data warehouse, Azure Data Factory, Azure Storage Account etc. for source stream extraction, cleansing, consumption and publishing across multiple user bases.
E2E understanding of all MCIO usage related streams such as Compute, Azure-SQL, Azure-Storage, and Azure- DocDB built up on a customer centric platform encompassing constant communication with partners/upstream providers in guaranteeing 99%Completeness and 100% accuracy.
Expert knowledge on Microsoft proprietary SCOPE language specification (de-facto standard for all data related operations) for Microsoft Internal COSMOS platform for most of, much of usage streams such as Azure Compute, Azure Storage, Azure SQL & Azure DocDB.
Cloud based report generation, development and implementation using SCOPE constructs and power BI. Expert in U-SQL constructs for interacting multiple source streams with in Azure Data Lake.
Worked extensively on ACT (accuracy, completeness and timeliness) project for MCIO usage reference system - DQ frame work that analyzes and detects anomalies such as fraud, underutilized Azure resources, etc.
Pipeline creations and scheduling for source and end stream creation for MCIO using Azure
Data Factory for on-perm to Azure SQL and Azure SQL to Microsoft Cloud Internal Implementation COSMOS.
Worked aggressively on Microsoft Optimization Grim Reaper project which identifies SKU, VM recommendations across multiple platforms such as Azure Compute and Azure SQL utilizing Grim Reaper algorithm which is based on historical trends.
Environment: SQL Server 2016, Visual Studio 2017, Rally Agile Central, Sharepoint, Teradata SQL Assistant,
DbVisualizer, Power BI, Azure.

Client: Optum/UHG, Eden Prairie, MN
Role: SQL/SSIS/SSRS/Power BI developer May 2016 – May 2018

Responsibilities:
Installed and Configured SQL Server 2014 and Visual studio 2015.
Transferring data between XML document and SQL server.
Wrote complex T-SQL queries and stored procedures.
Created SSIS packages as per the business requirements and moved data to different levels of databases.
Using task factory SSIS third party components, loaded data to Salesforce application.
Writing complex queries and stored procedures, recording logs for SSIS packages into a table.
Created packages using SSIS for data extraction from XML, Flat Files, Excel Files, and OLEDB to SQL Server.
Retrieving data from Salesforce application and moved data into SQL tables.
Deployed SSIS packages on ITG service catalog and scheduling.
Used Lookups Transformation to get the data from reference data sets.
Create joins and sub-queries for complex queries involving multiple tables.
Created SQL server Reports using SSRS.
Deployed SSIS packages using Autosys an automated job control system for scheduling, monitoring and reporting.
Design, build and deploy BI solutions within Microsoft BI stack and other best-of-breed BI tools (Power BI).
Experience working with SSIS / SSAS / SSRS or similar reporting tools (e.g. PowerBI).
Experience with SSAS (Tabular and Multidimensional) or MS PowerBI suite.
Expert level of proficiency with Microsoft Power BI.
Design, build and deploy BI solutions within Microsoft BI stack and other best-of-breed BI tools (Power BI).
Experience working with SSIS / SSAS / SSRS or similar reporting tools (e.g. PowerBI).
Experience with SSAS (Tabular and Multidimensional) or MS PowerBI suite.
Expert level of proficiency with Microsoft Power BI.
Using Autosys created file watcher jobs for specific files to process our ETL jobs as per business requirements.
Created Azure Blob Storage for Import/Export data to/from .CSV File.
Used Power BI, Power Pivot to develop data analysis prototype, and used Power View and Power Map to visualize reports
Published Power BI Reports in the required originations and Made Power BI Dashboards available in Web clients and mobile apps
Explore data in a Variety of ways and across multiple visualizations using Power BI
Used Power BI Gateways to keep the dashboards and reports up to date.
Installed and Configured Enterprise Gateway and Personal Gateway in Power Bi Services.
Published reports and dashboards using Power BI.
Created DAX Queries to generated computed columns in Power BI.
Generated computed tables in Power BI by using functions and developing procedures for implementing application functionality at the database side for performance improvement. Creating Database objects – tables, views.
Implemented Copy activity, Custom Azure Data Factory Pipeline Activities
Primarily involved in Data Migration using SQL, SQL Azure, Azure storage, and Azure Data Factory, SSIS, Power Shell.
In house project support using SSIS and SSRS
Wrote complex queries and stored procedures and deployed SSIS packages into client’s service catalog.
Created SSIS Packages to migrate slowly changing dimensions. Scheduling the SSIS packages and Jobs.
Successfully deployed reports in various sources like XML, Web browser and PDF.
Created SSIS Packages to migrate slowly changing dimensions. Scheduling the SSIS packages and Jobs.
Created many drill through and drill down reports using SSRS.
Generated custom and parameterized reports using SSRS.
Actively involved in developing Complex SSRS Reports involving Sub Reports, Matrix/Tabular Reports, Charts and Graphs.
Environment: SQL Server 2014, SQL BI Suite (SSAS, SSIS, SSRS), Enterprise manager, Salesforce Application, Task factory, Power BI.

Client: Berkley Risk Administrators, Minneapolis, MN. May 2014 – May 2016
Role: SQL BI Developer (SSIS/SSRS)

Responsibilities:

Working with various business groups while developing their applications, assisting in Database design, creating E-R diagrams.
Designing Logical and Physical Data Model with Erwin tools.
Worked with installing, designing and managing MS SQL Server 2008 R2.
Creating and managing schema objects such as tables, views, indexes, stored procedures, and triggers & maintaining Referential Integrity.
Administering the MS SQL Server by creating user logins with appropriate roles, monitoring the user accounts, creation of groups, granting the privileges to users and groups.
Created SSIS packages to populate data from various data sources like oracle using PL/SQL queries.
Created packages using SSIS for data extraction from Flat Files, Excel Files, OLEDB to SQL Server.
Created SSIS packages and populated data into GUIDEWIRE Claim central.
Experience in data loading from Excel to MS SQL Server using BCP and SSIS Services.
Experience in Error handling on GUIDEWIRE Claim Central.
Involved in data moving from SQL Server to GUIDEWIRE Claim Central using GUIDEWIRE Claim Central Commands.
Experience in fixing integrity check errors on data loads from SQL server to GUIDEWIRE Claim Central.
Designed SSIS Packages to extract, transfer, load (ETL) existing data into SQL Server 2008 and SQL Server 2012.
Experience in converting RTF data into text on SSIS Script task using asp.net.
Migrated SSIS Packages from SQL Server 2005 to SQL Server 2008.
Developed complex SSRS reports using multiple data providers, Global Variables, Expressions, user defined objects, aggregate aware objects, charts, and synchronized queries.
Deployed reports, created report schedules and subscriptions. Managing and securing reports using SSRS.
Creates custom SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) Reports to be displayed in a Microsoft SharePoint 2010 web application.
Built ad-hoc reports using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).
Used SQL Server Profiler to trace the slow running queries and the server activity.
Coding, debugging and testing of GUIDEWIRE Claim center.
Environment: MS SQL Server 2005/2008 R2/2012, Management Studio, Share point, ETL, Squish Notification Services, T-SQL, SQL Profiler, SSIS, SSRS, GUIDEWIRE application, community server.

Client: Fifth-Third Bank, Cincinnati, OH Aug 2012 – May 2014
Role: Sr. BI Developer (SSIS/SSRS/SSAS)
Responsibilities:
Generated dynamic stored procedures, triggers for the database development.
Involved in installation and configuration of SQL Server 2005, SQL Server 2008 and SQL Server 2012 with latest Service Packs.
Created SSIS Packages using SSIS Designer for export heterogeneous data from OLE DB Source (Oracle), Excel Spreadsheet to SQL Server 2008 R2/2012.
Experience in Extracting, Transforming and Loading (ETL) data from Excel, Flat file to MS SQL Server by using BCP utility, SSIS services.
Sound Experience and understanding of SSAS, OLAP cube, Data mining and Architecture.
Reports writing based on tickets submitted from front end people using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) and Crystal Reports 8.0.
Building and writing MDX Queries, Calculated Members, and KPI’s using Microsoft SQL Server 2005/2008 Analysis Services Business Intelligence (SSAS, SSRS)
Involved in migration of DTS Packages (2000) to SSIS (2005) and troubleshoot migration issues. Expert in generating drill down Reports in SSRS 2005/2008/2012.
Report writing based on tickets submitted from front end people using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).
Design, deployment, and maintenance of various SSRS Reports in SQL Server 2008/2012.
Using SSRS, creating well-formed reports and web-based reports for financial applications and transactions.
Configured SSRS 2008 with MOSS 2007 for directly deploying the report in SharePoint 2007.
Generated matrix reports, drill down, drill through, sub reports, chart reports, multi parameterized reports.
Configure the report server and generated the report models for user interactions.
Experience in creating SSIS packages using different type’s task and with Error Handling.
Worked on OLAP Data warehouse, Model, Design, and Implementation.
Designing OLAP cubes, Data Modeling, Dashboard Reports according to the business requirement.
Designing Cubes, Star Schema and Data models for Data Warehousing Applications
Experience in Designing and Building the Dimensions and cubes with star schema and snowflake schema using SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS).
Designed SSIS Packages to extract, transfer, load (ETL) existing data into SQL Server from different environments for the SSAS cubes.
Involved in Analyzing, designing, building &, testing of OLAP cubes with SSAS 2008 and in adding calculations using MDX.
Experience in creating complex SSIS Packages with error handling using control and dataflow elements.
Performance tuning and optimization of procedures and queries.
Experience in creating complex SSIS packages using proper control and data flow elements.
Migrated DTS packages from SQL Server 2005 to SQL Server 2008and SQL Server 2008 to SQL Server 2012 as SSIS Packages.
Created SSIS Packages to migrate slowly changing dimensions. Scheduling the SSIS packages and Jobs.
Successfully deployed reports in various sources like XML, Web browser and PDF.
Created SSIS Packages to migrate slowly changing dimensions. Scheduling the SSIS packages and Jobs.
Worked on OLAP Data warehouse, Model, Design, and Implementation.
Designing OLAP cubes, Data Modeling, Dashboard Reports, and scorecards according to the business requirement.
Used ProClarity for accessing and analyzing cubes and dimensions, and also worked on integration of SharePoint with SSRS
Designed SSIS Packages to extract, transfer, load (ETL) existing data into SQL Server 2008.
Environment: MS SQL Server 2005/2008 R2/2012, Management Studio, Sharepoint, ETL, DTS, Notification Services, Crystal Reports, Data Modeling, OLAP, Data ware Housing, T-SQL, SQL Profiler, IIS 6.0, Windows 2003 Advanced Server, SSAS, SSIS, SSRS, community server.

Client: Sun Life, Boston, MA Feb 2011– Jul 2012
SQL BI Developer (SSRS/SSAS)

Responsibilities:
Created SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) packages to import data from heterogeneous data sources like Oracle 9i, SQL Server Text files (CSV, Xls, and XML).
Used SSIS to unite data from existing system and performed transformations on MS SQL 2008.
Extract Transform Load(ETL) development Using SQL server 2008,SQL 2008 Integration Services(SSIS)
Developed the SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) packages to transform data from SQL 2005 to MS SQL 2008 as well as Created interface stored procedures used in SSIS to load/transform data to the database.
Designed Cubes with Star Schema using SQL Server Analysis Services 2008 (SSAS). Created several Dashboards and Scorecards with Key Performance Indicators (KPI) in SQL Server 2005 Analysis Services (SSAS).
Involved in design and development of ETL Jobs using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) for data migration between different maintenance systems (VMS, VTrak, and D7i).
Worked on scheduling data loading and transformations using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) between different maintenance systems.
Created many drill through and drill down reports using SSRS.
Generated custom and parameterized reports using SSRS.
Actively involved in developing Complex SSRS Reports involving Sub Reports, Matrix/Tabular Reports, Charts and Graphs.
Deployed these reports into the SharePoint after developing the reports.
Designed, Build the Dimensions, cubes with star schema using SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS).
Experience in working on Cube structure optimization for MDX query performance in Analysis Services 2005(SSAS)
Designed complex SSAS solutions using multiple dimensions, perspectives, hierarchies, measures groups and KPIs to analyze performance of Strategic Business Units as well as corporate centers
Querying and manipulating multidimensional cube data through MDX Scripting in SSAS.
Performed partitioning of cubes as well as cube optimization in order to increase the performance of cubes.
Migrated DTS packages from SQL Server 2000 to 2005 and scheduled their execution time.
Enhancing and deploying the SSIS Packages from development server to production server.
Understanding the OLAP processing for changing and maintaining multi dimensional data warehousing, Optimizing Dimensions, Hierarchies and adding aggregations to the OLAP Cubes.
Scheduling the SSIS packages and Jobs
Developed perspectives to simplify the process of browsing the cubes.
Created SSIS Packages to migrate slowly changing dimensions

Environment: SQL Server 2008 Enterprise Edition, SSAS, SSIS, T-SQL, SSRS, Windows Server 2008, Oracle 9i, Ms excel 2003,Microsoft Visual Studio 2008.

Client: Axis, Hyderabad, India. July 2010 – Jan 2011
Role: SQL Server Developer
Responsibilities:
Worked on complex data loading (implemented the batch data cleansing and data loading).
Worked on DTS Package, DTS Import/Export for transferring data from Heterogeneous Database to SQL Server.
Creation/ Maintenance of Indexes for fast and efficient reporting process.
Configured Server for sending automatic mails to the respective people when a DTS process failure or success.
Created new tables, written stored procedures for Application Developers and some user defined functions.
Analyzing the Database Growth and Space Requirement. Handling Users/Logins/User Rights.
Maintained a good client relationship by communicating daily status and weekly status of the project.
Created linked servers between different SQL Servers and also created linked server with different access files used across various Used Data departments
Performed DBA tasks through Enterprise Manager, Query Analyzer, English Query, Import Export wizard
Modification Language (DML) to insert and update data, satisfying the referential integrity constraints and ACID properties.
Created and managed users, roles and groups and handled database security.
Created Triggers to enforce data and referential integrity.
Performance tuning of SQL queries and stored procedures using SQL Profiler and Index Tuning Wizard.
Developed SQL scripts to Insert/Update and Delete data in MS SQL database tables.
Develop code that matches the prototype and specification, is maintain and, as necessary, portable to other environments.
Created Business-Crucial stored procedures and functions to support efficient data storage and manipulation.
Logical Data Modeling using ER-Win to fit business requirement.

Environment:SQL Server 7.0/2000, Enterprise Manager, SQL Profiler, DTS, T-SQL.
HDFC Bank, India Jan 2009 – Jun 2010
Role: SQL Server Developer

This project was developed for a pharmaceutical company. The main objective of system is to maintain time transactions of the company with respect to the distribution of medicine to various distributors. Billing distributors, insertion, deletion and modification of distributor’s information and drug information are the features of the software. It also generates various reports.

Responsibilities:
Installing and Configuring of SQL Server 2000/7.0 0n windows 2000/NT OS.
Created tables, indexes, sequences, constraints, triggers and procedures.
Managing of databases objects like Tables, views, indexes etc.
Implementing Backups and restoring when necessary.
Used BCP utility to publish table output to text files.
Managing of users including creation/alteration, grant of system/db roles and permission on various database objects.
Used DDL and DML for writing triggers, stored procedures, and data manipulation.
Extensively used joins and sub queries to simplify complex queries involving multiple tables.
Developed scripts for maintaining administration tasks.
Developed DTS Packages to transfer the data between SQL server database and files.
Creation and management of database maintenance plan for various database consistency checks.
Used SQL Profiler to monitor the server performance, debug T-SQL and slow running queries
24x7 Production support.

Environment: Windows 2000, SQL Server 7.0/2000, Enterprise Manager, SQL Profiler, DTS, T-SQL, BCP, Replication.
Contact this candidate