Ramya Achanta
OBIEE Developer
425-***-****
adho8k@r.postjobfree.com

Summary:
●Over 6 years of experience in the IT industry as a BI (Business Intelligence) developer in Data Warehousing (DWH), data analytics and reporting projects.
●Proficient in Reporting, Analytics & Visualization using different BI tools.
●Extensively worked on Data Modelling and building of OBIEE repository (RPD).
●Experience in Oracle BI development using OBIEE with deep expertise in RPD design/development experience with star-schema, snowflake, FACT and dimensional data modeling experience with OBIEE Answers, Dashboards and Ad-hoc reports.
●Possess expertise in OBIEE security, administration and installation on Linux environment.
●Expert in using OBIEE Answers to create queries, formatting views, charts, and add user interactivity and dynamic content to enhance the use experience.
●Very good experience in designing and developing Interactive Dashboards and reports with drilldowns, guided navigation, filters, and dashboard/report prompts.
●Very good experience in working with OBIEE security at both object level and data level.
●Expertise in analyzing, debugging and testing the OBIEE reports/dashboards data with Oracle SQL queries.
●Experience in working with session, repository variables and initialization blocks to streamline administrative tasks and modify metadata content dynamically.
●Deep understanding of dimensional data modeling techniques and experience in OBIEE architecture, RPD deployment and catalog/report/user migration.
●Have good experience in building finance reports for Oracle EBS application modules GL, AP, AR, PO, FA.
●Possess good working experience in performing ETL operations using Informatica Power Center, Oracle Data Integrator and SSIS.
●Experience in writing queries, Stored Procedures in Oracle SQL and Oracle PL/SQL.
●Experience in delivering BI reporting solutions using data visualization tools Power BI, SSRS, Tableau and Cognos.
●Very Good Knowledge and hands on experience on Azure Cloud services such as Resource Groups, Azure Active Directory, Azure SQL DB, Azure HDInsight Clusters, Azure Data Factory, Azure PowerBI, Azure Storage.
●Good Understanding on public, private and hybrid cloud concepts.
●Worked during all the phases of project development life cycle like requirement analysis, design, build, testing and deployment.

Technical Skills:
Data Visualization/Reporting Tools
OBIEE 10g/11g/12c, Power BI, Tableau, Cognos, SSRS
Data warehousing Tools
Informatica PowerCenter Designer 9.5.,Oracle ODI, Microsoft SSIS
Database languages
Oracle SQL, Oracle PL/SQL
Database Tools
Toad, SQL Developer
Cloud services
Azure

Education:
●Bachelor’s in computer science engineering, JNTU, India

Professional Experience:

Client: Nordstrom, Seattle, Washington
Employer: WB Solutions, Tampa, Florida
Duration: July 2020 – Till date
Role: BI Developer
Responsibilities:
●Gathering requirements from business users and perform analysis, specification design, development, testing and documentation.
●Involved in creating Azure Data factories for loading the data to Azure SQL database.
●Created different SSRS reports and power BI reports and dashboards based on business requirement.
●Developed, deployed and monitored SSIS Packages for new ETL Processes.
●Involved in Performance tuning of ETL transformations, data validations and stored procedures.
●Strong experience in designing and implementing ETL packages using SSIS for integrating data using OLE DB connection from heterogeneous sources.
●Created Complex ETL Packages using SSIS which upsets data from staging table to database tables.
●Experience in creating reports from scratch using Power BI from Excel workbook that contains Power View sheets.
●Designed aggregations and pre-calculations in SSAS.
●Involved in designing Partitions in Cubes to improve performance using SSAS.
●Experienced in Developing Power BI Reports and Dashboards from multiple data sources using Data Blending.
●Used recently introduced Power BI to create self-service BI capabilities and use tabular models.
●Responsible for creating and changing the visualizations in Power BI reports and Dashboards on client requests.
●Created Calculated Columns and Measures in Power BI and Excel depending on the requirement.
●Created hierarchies in Power BI reports using visualizations like Bar chart, Line chart, etc.
●Worked with both live and import data in to Power BI for creating reports.
Client: Ericsson, Sweden
Employer: TCS, Hyderabad, India
Duration: February 2019 – November 2019
Role: ETL & OBIEE Developer
Responsibilities:
●Performed the role of Informatica ETL data warehousing developer which included requirement gathering and analysis, Specification design, development, testing and documentation.
●Worked on Informatica Power Center to develop mappings, sessions and workflows.
●Extracted data from different data sources like SQL Server, Oracle, flat files and csv files and transformed data according to the requirement.
●Created mappings using various transformations like Filter, Expression, Sequence Generator, Update Strategy, Lookup, Router, Joiner and Aggregator to create robust mappings in the Informatica Power Center Designer.
●Develop, implement, and maintain data cubes, loading data dimensions, calculating data and aggregation techniques.
●Performed role of OBIEE developer and admin.
●Imported data from Data warehouse into OBIEE RPD for modelling and building of repository based on the business requirement.
●Developed the Logical Data Model (Business Model), Metadata and reports including logical columns, aliases, hierarchies, and subject areas.
●Developed various interactive dashboards and reports with drilldowns, guided navigation, filters, and prompts.
●Created and scheduled iBots and Oracle BI Delivers to provide real-time, personalized and actionable intelligence data to subscribers.
●Worked on admin activities like security and access issues, fixing the server failures, managing OBIEE services, RPD deployments.

Client: BioMarin, California, USA
Employer: Infosys, Hyderabad, India
Duration: August 2018-January 2019
Role: SQL/Power BI Developer
Responsibilities:
●Gathering requirements, coordinating with the business regarding the business rules and delivering them in time.
●Creating complex SQL Queries, Stored Procedures and partitioning the tables.
●Complex SSIS package development in processing data from multiple sources.
●Create SSRS reports / Tableau / Power BI reports based on business requirements.
●Maintain SSIS packages and fix when issues occur.
●Used various sources to pull data into Power BI such as SQL Server, MYSQL, PLSQL, Oracle, etc.
●Installed and configured Enterprise gateway and Personal gateway in Power bi service.
●Created Workspace and content packs for business users to view the developed reports.
●Scheduled Automatic refresh and scheduling refresh in power bi service.
●Wrote calculated columns, Measures query’s in power bi desktop to show good data analysis techniques.
●Weekly presentation to the business users about the reports and their changes as required.
●Worked on all kinds of reports such as Yearly, Quarterly, Monthly, and Daily.
●Worked on all types of transformations that are available in Power bi query editor.
●Created stored procedures and SQL queries to pull data into a power pivot model.
●Participated in project planning sessions with project managers, business analysts and team members to analyze business requirements and outline the proposed solution.

Client: Telstra, Melbourne, Australia
Employer: Infosys, Hyderabad, India
Duration: November 2016 – July 2018
Role: OBIEE Developer/Admin
Responsibilities:
●Worked with business users to gather reporting/analytics requirements.
●Imported metadata into OBIEE RPD for modelling and building of repository based on the business requirement.
●Developed Dimensional Hierarchies and adding multiple sources to business model objects.
●Used complex expressions to calculate, group, filter, parameterize, optimize and format contents of reports/analytics.
●Designed and developed Interactive Dashboards and reports with drilldowns, guided navigation, filters, and prompts.
●Created session, repository variables and initialization blocks to streamline administrative tasks and modify metadata content dynamically.
●Configured Oracle BI Delivers-Agents to deliver alerts to subscribed users as per the schedules and requirements.
●Configured and implemented external LDAPS (LDAP with SSL) authentication using Active Directory in OBIEE.
●Worked on data level security and object level security.
●Performed the installation of OBIEE.
●Provided guidance and support to end users during the implementation and in production.
●Managing and administering all the components of OBIEE.

Client: Walmart, Bentonville, USA
Employer: Infosys, Hyderabad, India
Duration: January 2015 - October 2016
Role: Oracle BI Developer/Admin
Responsibilities:
●Upgraded Walmart’s business reports from OBIEE 10g to OBIEE 11g.
●Enhancing the reports in OBIEE 11g according to the business needs and worked on RPD changes.
●Configured Ad Hoc query and Reporting environments.
●Assisted in OBIEE administration, system maintenance, and upgrades.
●Designing customized interactive dashboards and reports in OBIEE using drill down, prompts, filters, and variables.
●Performed reports/dashboard testing to find out the defects that arise after upgrade to 11g and fixed those issues to keep the 11g environment in sync with 10g.
●Configured Oracle BI Delivers-iBots to deliver alerts and publish updated content to subscribed users as per the schedules and requirements.
●Performed root cause analysis and bug fixes.
●Worked on admin activities like security and access issues, fixing the server failures, managing OBIEE services, RPD deployments.

Client: Infosys, Hyderabad, India
Employer: Infosys, Hyderabad, India
Duration: September 2014-December 2014
Role: Systems engineer trainee
Responsibilities:
●Trained on Oracle Business Intelligence OBIEE and Informatica ETL.
●Extracted data from different data sources like SQL Server, Oracle, flat files and csv files.
●Worked on different transformations like Filter, Expression, Sequence Generator, Update Strategy, Lookup, Router, Joiner and Aggregator to create mappings in the Informatica Power Center Designer.
●Developed mappings, sessions and workflows to load data into data warehouses.
●Experience with Oracle Data Warehousing and Star schemas.
●Good experience in writing oracle SQL and PL/SQL queries.
●Imported metadata tables from data warehouse into obiee rpd to design and build obiee repository.
●Created different fact and dimension tables to create subject areas.
●Experience with rpd deployments and BI server maintenance.
●Created different ad hoc reports and dashboards in OBIEE.
●Experience in using OBIEE answers to create queries, format views, charts, and add user interactivity and dynamic content of the reports and dashboards.
Contact this candidate