Mohith Kumar T
adhvuf@r.postjobfree.com Cell: +1-917-***-**** LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/mohithkumar-qvqs

SUMMARY
Over 6+ years of experience in Analysis, Design, Development, Testing, and Implementation of Business Intelligence applications using QlikView/Qliksense, Tableau with a proven record of corporate client satisfaction. Adept at handling multiple projects simultaneously and able to adapt the work approach quickly in response to evolving client needs.

CORE QUALIFICATIONS:
Expertise in BI tools like Qlikview/Qliksense Enterprise, QMC (Qlik Management Console), and Tableau.
Strong experience in Qlik Dashboard Design, Develop, Performance Optimization, and Data Modeling.
Strong experience in Design and Develop Dashboards using Tableau by extracting data from multiple sources (Oracle, Flat files, Excel, Access).
Extensive experience with QlikView Sheet Objects, Scripting, and Building QVD’s and QVW’s.
Extensively worked on Data Analysis/Mining, Data Modelling using QlikView/Tableau.
Expertise in writing logical expressions, advanced aggregation, and section access in Qlik and Tableau tools.
Hands-on Experience with Qlik/Tableau Architecture development and deployment.
Expertise in the Qliksense SDLC and Governance.
Expertise in the Qliksense Apps, Stories, KPI, NPrinting, and Story Generation.
Good understanding and hands-on experience in Qliksense administration, attribute-based access control, and role creation methods.
Involved in the Optimization of QlikView Dashboards with a focus on Visualization, usability, Performance, Long-term, Flexibility, Accuracy, and Standardization.
Expertise in Qlik/Tableau data modeling, master items, and maps.
Good experience with Qliksense extensions using JavaScript and workbench.
Strong understanding of the Dimensional Modeling Technique, Multi-Dimensional Database Schemas like Star/ Snowflake, Fact, Dimensional tables, Automation, and Macros interface in QlikView/Tableau and DW concepts.
Expertise in reporting requirements to architect appealing supportable reporting solutions.
Strong experience also in analysing the end-user requirements and advise on the logical and physical design of the database/reporting structure.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Dashboarding/Analytics: QlikView12.10/12.2/11.0/10.0/9.0, QlikSense3.2/3.0, Tableau 9, Power BI.
Languages: SQL, PL/SQL, T-SQL, VB Script, Shell Scripting, HTML, JavaScript.
ETL Tools: SSIS, SSRS, Informatica, Cognos.
Database Technologies: Oracle9i/10g/11g, SQL Server, Teradata, MySQL, DB2, SAP BW.
Platforms: Windows Server 2003/2008, Linux (Ubuntu).
Others: MS Access, MS-Excel, MS InfoPath, Visio.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Deutsche Bank, New York, NY Oct 2017 - Present
Role: Sr. BI Developer
Deutsche Bank’s global project, Wealth Management Client Insights (CI) application is designed to leverage the value of the data stored in various systems across the globe. The unlocking of this value has planned in a two-fold approach. The first part is Data integration/visualization, which means to structure client data and visualize key information in a single-entry point and the second part is Data Analysis, which aims to leverage all client information and device actionable insights. These two parts will be integrated into a standardized Qlik/Tableau client dashboard (CI) with a 360 client view including useful KPIs like the interest of clients for specific products, current invested volumes, annualized revenues, client/product risk and performance, product transaction, etc.
Responsibilities:
Worked on ongoing Wealth Management projects like PM 2.0, WM Client Analytics, LUNA client insights, which requires conversion of Qlikview dashboards to Qliksense/Tableau apps with a team of 2 onsite and 2 offshore BI developers along with Database team (to migrate data elements from various data sources to Oracle).
Worked on also converting 20-year-old Hyperion BRIO reports to Qlikview/Tableau dashboards.
Developed Tableau workbooks from multiple data sources using Data Blending, created action filters, parameters, calculated fields, and sets for preparing dashboards and worksheets in Tableau.
Extracted, transformed, and loaded data from multiple sources into Qlikview and Qliksense.
Used enterprise data models to learn about the underlying data and their relationships.
Performed detailed analysis of source system data and analysed underlying data for potential discrepancies.
Rebuild Tableau dashboard on both frontend UI and backend, developing scripting templates, UI design and coding standards, design guidelines, migration strategy, and implementation plan.
Developed complex Ad hoc reports using Qlikview and Tableau based on the business end-user requirements.
Worked on building different Qlikview extensions based on end-user requirements.
Brought in the NPrinting technology to schedule Qlik reports to the users on a daily/weekly/monthly basis.
Worked on implementing NPrinting in all the major Deutsche Bank projects to automate the reporting scheduling process for end-users.
Decreased load time of the original stand-alone Hyperion BRIO dashboards by 40% via incremental loads and help in redesigning the data model for better dashboard performances/response time.
Helped to debug the BI tool server issues through server logs.
Environment: Qliksense 3.2.3, Qlikview12 SR8, Tableau 9.3,9.4, Tableau server, Oracle 10g/11g, SQL Server, Flat Files, Windows 2008 Server, SharePoint, Agile methodology.

Genentech, SFO, CA June 2016 – Sep 2017
Role: BI Developer
With an integrated, web-based workflow solution, Genentech has planned to boost patient registration efficiency, improve patient satisfaction, and boost collections at the front end of the revenue cycle. “Patient Access Solutions” and “Leadership” dashboards were developed to generate patient estimates, patient’s historic data, verify insurance eligibility, validate patient demographics, route to financial counseling, cost coverage assistance, and more.
Responsibilities:
Worked with a team of 3 onsite and 2 offshore BI developers along with the database team.
Worked closely with all levels of the business to gather actionable business and technical requirements.
Developed complex dashboards in a 3-tier architecture which included patient detail drill-downs, threshold gauges, and alerting mechanisms with various extensions like Qlik Maps, Multi switches using HTML, and JavaScript for regional selections on the Qlik applications.
Created and Scheduled Weekly QlikView reports distributing on email using NPrinting and publisher.
Implemented a secure environment using QlikView and Qliksense Section Access.
Based on the end user’s requirement, worked on to build star and snowflake schema in Data Modelling.
Coordinated with the testing team for QA and UAT related activities.
Conducted frequent validation of developed reports and new solutions to ensure continuous accuracy and front-end ease-of-use.
Prepared Technical Specification Document and Migration Documentation for the developed Qlik apps.
Involved in client meetings/discussions and helped end-users to design test cases and worked through multiple UAT cycles.
Conducted weekly/monthly sessions and trained Genentech’s power users on Qlikview/Qliksense tool.
Environment: Qlik Sense 3.2.3, Qlikview10/11 SR4, Qlikview Publisher, Toad, Oracle, SQL Server, Flat Files, Windows 2008 Server, SharePoint, Agile methodology, JavaScript, and HTML.

Equifax, Atlanta, GA Sep 2015 – May 2016
Role: BI Developer
Equifax is a global data, analytics, and technology company that is always in need of data analytics to serve their clients. The products and data insights analytics team provide will help people across the world make better decisions that move people forward by helping people live their financial best.
Responsibilities:
Actively involved in upgradations of Qlik tool from version Qlikview 10 to Qlikview 11 SR2 and helped in installing Qliksense 3.1.2.
Worked on various Prototype Designs and helped the Business Analyst to understand the capabilities of the QlikView and Qliksense Tool.
Migrated all the Publisher Tasks from QlikView 10 to 11 and applied the Dependencies Between the tasks.
Implemented the 3-tier architecture (Data Extract, QVD/QVF, and Data Model).
Designed the Data-Model using various data sources like Oracle 10g/DB2 Database, XML, and Excel Sheets.
Extensively worked on Set Analysis in some of the Qlik Dashboards.
Designed Dashboards like "Revenue Growth Analysis" to analyse the summarized data which includes reports like Top 10 Best and Top 10 Under-Performing Branches and charts based on The Metrics Revenues, Expenses, Income, Returns, Margins, etc.
Designed and implemented the Incremental Loading using QVDs, includes more than 5 million records with daily incremental load schedule.
Created Extensions in Qliksense and QlikView using Java Script.
Scheduled Daily/Weekly/Monthly Publisher QMC Tasks on Qlik dashboards based on the database updates.
Environment: QlikView 11, Qlik Sense 3.1.2, Oracle 11g, DB2 9.7, SQL Server 2008, MS Office, Windows 2008 R2 Server, Toad, Agile methodology, Java Script.

Syngenta India Ltd Pune, India Jan 2014 – Dec 2014
Role: Jr. BI Developer
An agricultural company who decided to contribute to the enrichment of farmers' lives. Through world-class science,
global reach and commitment to customers, Syngenta helps increase crop productivity, protect the environment, and improve health and quality of life.
Responsibilities:
Involved in reviewing business requirements and extract data from sources like Excel/Oracle/SQL Server to design, development, testing, and production rollover of reporting and analysis projects within Tableau Desktop.
Created views in Tableau Desktop that were published to the internal team for review and further data analysis and customization using filters and actions.
Developed Tableau dashboards using objects like charts, Drilldowns, Heat maps, and size by region for subscriber metrics to provide better visualization.
Developed Tableau dashboards that projected and forecasted future agricultural growth in different regions.
These Tableau dashboards also allowed end-users to analyse the data on the fly using action filters for on-demand purposes.
Scheduled data refresh on Tableau Server for weekly and monthly increments based on business change to ensure that the views and dashboards were displaying the changed data accurately.
Tested these dashboards to ensure data was up to the business requirements and any discrepancies in data were fixed in UAT cycles.
Environment: Tableau Desktop7.x/8.x, Tableau Server, MS Office Suite (Word, Excel, PPT), Oracle 11g, MS SQL Server

Amazon, Hyderabad, India Oct 2013 – Jan 2014
Role: Customer Service Associate
Responsibilities:
Managed a high column workload within a commitment driven environment by resolving an average of 550 inquiries in any given week.
Maintained customer relationship by responding to their inquiries, reviewing previous inquiries and responses, gathering and researching information, assembling and forwarding information, verifying customer’s answers and their understanding about the amazon products.
Recorded customer inquiries by documenting inquiry and response in customers’ accounts.
Updated job knowledge by participating in various quizzes on a weekly/monthly basis.
Collected customer feedback and made transactions/processes easier to exceed customer satisfaction goals.
Consistently met performance benchmarks in all areas (speed, accuracy, volume).

EDUCATION
Ferris State University, Big Rapids, MI Jan 2015 – May 2016
Master’s in Information Security and Intelligence (MISI)
GPA: 3.58/4.0
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad, India (JNTU-H) Jan 2009 – May 2013
Bachelor’s in Computer Science Engineering (CSE)
Percentage: 70.41%
Contact this candidate