SQL Server Developer/BI Developer/ Data Analyst

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Highly Motivated and ambitious Database Developer with SQL-Server Developer/SSIS/SSRS/BI Developer/T-SQL with 7 years of experience. Further experience in software design and development, testing, data conversion and system support in various domains like Online Retail, HealthCare and Banking.

EDUCATION:
Lincoln University Oakland, CA
MBA (2011)

Everest College, Nepal
BBA (2007)

TECHNICAL SKILLS
SQL Server Tools
SQL Server Management Studio, DTS, SSIS, SSRS
Database
MS SQL Server 2017, 2016, 2012, ORACLE, AZURE.
Language
HTML, TSQL,MYSQL,PLSQL, UNIX
Operating System
Windows, Unix
Tools
SSMS, Microsoft Office, SVN, EXCEL, Power BI, QTP, Azure TFS, TFS, Octopus, Team City, Share point, Tidal, Microsoft Service Now, Active Batch, Zappysys

ETL Developer 06/2019 – Present
Williams, Tulsa OK

Responsibilities:-
Gathering Business requirements.
Worked with the Third party tool Zappysys for ETL purpose.
Created ETL/SSIS packages to extract data from various sources like Flat files, oracle to SQL Server systems using different SSIS components and used dynamic configuration files and variables for production deployment.
Created ETL package using third party tool zappysys to get data from different applications and loaded into databases.
Created ETL package using third party tool zappysys load into different Applications from databases.
Used Zappysys tool to convert data into XML/JSON format.
Used OData query to get data from sql server as json format.
Used Active Batch for scheduling jobs.
Created Technical documents.
Actively involved in debugging in failed SSIS packages.
Ability to work independently or as part of a team to accomplish critical business objectives as well as good decision making skill under high pressure complex scenarios.
Understanding requirements, fixing the issues, update Root Cause and Resolution to issue tracking tool.

Environments: - SSIS, Zappysys, Active Batch, SQL Server, Share point.

BI Developer 01/2019 – 06/2019
SGSCO, Louisville, KY

Responsibilities:-
Created SSIS Package using BIML script and Updated existing BIML script.
Participated on AZURE SQL Database Workshop provided by Microsoft.
Supported production issues for DW Reporting and ETL jobs.
Created SSRS report and updated on existing report.
Actively involved in debugging failed SSIS Jobs.
Created ETL/SSIS packages to extract data from various sources like Excel, Flat files, CSV files to SQL Server systems using different SSIS components and used dynamic configuration files and variables for production deployment.
Expertise in creating/modifying Tables, Views, Store Proc,Functions, Indexes and Triggers and in depth knowledge in query optimization and performance tuning
Processed entree level coding like logging, Error handling by using Event Handler.
Ability to work independently or as part of a team to accomplish critical business objectives as well as good decision making skill under high pressure complex scenarios.
Understanding requirements, fixing the issues, update Root Cause and Resolution to issue tracking tool.
Used Power BI for the creation of dashboards and Reports for the tracking of SQL Jobs activities for our Data warehouse.
Environments:- : SSIS, SSRS, PowerBI, BIML Script, MS Office, Azure TFS, MS Outlook, SQL Server, Excel, Share point, SQL prompt.

BI Developer 05/2018 – 12/2018
Care Source, Dayton OH

Care source is a nonprofit that began as a managed health care plan serving Medicaid, Marketplace and mycare members in Ohio. it provides public health care programs including Medicaid, Medicare, and Marketplace. The company is headquartered in Dayton, Ohio. It is the largest Medicaid plan in Ohio and is second in the United States. It is the largest Medicaid plan in Ohio and is second in the United States. the company serves consumers in Georgia, Indiana, Kentucky, Ohio, and West Virginia.

Responsibilities:

Experience in Inbuilt tool of BCP (Bulk copy program) tool for Straight move (No transformation) from Source to Target.
Involved in Data migration from Teradata to SQL server using BCP and SSIS.
Actively involved with the Business to get more information about requirements.
Experienced of work with Different teams.
Involved in Extracting, Transforming and Loading (ETL) operations in SSIS and worked on Containers, Tasks and developed SSIS packages to load data from different Heterogeneous Data Sources to different Destinations.
Experience in performing Full Load, Incremental Load with various Data Flow Transformations and Control Flow tasks.
Experience in scheduling jobs using SQL Server Agent and Tidal.
Involved in Deploying, Managing and Troubleshooting SSIS packages and update existing SSIS package.
Used Microsoft Team Foundation Server (TFS) to perform agile tasks in creating new feature, stories.
Used SVN to check in code in central repository.
Strong experience in writing complex T-SQL queries which involves multiple Tables using Joins, Views, Stored Procedures, index and User Defined Functions.
Experience in improve SQL scripts performance.
Experience in Health check of Database tables.
Experience of octopus and Team city for automation deployment in different Environment.
Created Tables, views (active and historical), Indexes, Store procedures, functions and TSQL scripts for implementing business logic.
Involved in Peer review testing.
Created and maintained databases, tables, stored procedures, indexes, and business rules using T-SQL.
Established Joins and created Clustered/Non-clustered Indexes wherever necessary.
Responsible for Deploying, Scheduling Jobs, Alerting and Maintaining SSIS packages.
Involved in deploying the changes in to Integration, Certification and Production environments.

Environment: SSIS, MS Office, Tidal, Octopus, Team city, TFS, MS Outlook, SQL Server, Excel, Share point, BCP(Bulk Copy program)

BI Developer_ 06/ 2017-05/2018
BANK OF AMERICA (Dallas, TX)
The Bank of America Corporation is an American multinational banking and financial services corporation headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina. It is the second largest bank holding company in the United States by assets. As of 2010, Bank of America is the fifth-largest company in the United States by total revenue, and the third-largest non-oil company in the U.S. (after Wal-Mart and General Electric).

Responsibilities:

Created numerous simple to complex queries for Stored Procedures, Triggers, Functions, View for diverse business requirements. Tuned and optimized queries by altering database design, analyzing different query options, and indexing strategies.
Migrate and Convert customer legacy database using SQL Server.
Designed and developed SSIS Packages to import and export data from MS Excel, Flat file, Oracle to MS SQL Server by using SSIS services.
Involved in complete SSIS life cycle in creating SSIS packages, building, deploying and executing the packages in both the environments (Development and Production).
Used various Transformations in SSIS Data Flow, Control Flow using for loop Containers and Fuzzy Lookups etc.
Implemented Event Handlers and Error Handling in SSIS packages.
Created SSIS packages for Data Conversion using data conversion transformation.
Worked with Metadata Driven SSIS Packages to pull the data from different Sources and load to Data mart.
Experienced in working with multiple data sources like, SQL server, Oracle, Excel files, Flat files.
Developed various types of complex reports like Drill Down, Drill through, Sub Reports, Matrix/Tabular Reports, Charts and Graphs.
Involved in Normalization and Demoralization of existing tables for faster query retrieval.
Advised optimization of queries by looking at Execution Plan for better tuning of the database.
Environment: MS SQL Server 2012, MS Access, SSIS, SSRS, T-SQL, Microsoft outlook, MS Excel, Windows 7, SVN

BI Developer _ 08/2016 – 06/2017
United Health Care (Optum), Basking Ridge, NJ
UnitedHealth group is one of the leading Health Insurance providers in United States. It serves insurance to large group of people and at the same time provides to large companies. It sets the standard for outstanding quality health care, service and value. It is the leader in access, affordability and quality in the competitive health insurance market.

Responsibilities:
Created indexed views and appropriate indexes to reduce the running time for complex queries.
Created several packages in SSIS.
Created Databases, Tables, Cluster/Non-Cluster Index, Unique/Check Constraints, Views, Stored Procedures, Triggers.
Wrote efficient stored procedures for the optimal performance of the system.
Monitored performance and optimized SQL queries for maximum efficiency.
Scheduling the SSIS package and Jobs.
Creating source and target table definitions using SSIS. Source data was extracted from Flat files, SQL Server and Oracle Database.
Experience in creating complex SSIS packages using proper control and data flow elements with error handling.
Worked with data extraction using SSIS and Data Warehouse staging, and loading.
Responsible for Creating and Modifying T-SQL stored procedures/ triggers for validating the integrity of the data.
Generated custom and parameterized reports using SSRS.
Involved in developing SSRS Reports involving Sub Reports, Matrix/Tabular Reports, Charts and Graphs.
Used various transformation tasks to create ETL packages for data conversion.
Implemented Event Handlers and Error Handling in SSIS packages and notified process results to various user communities.
Responsible for rebuilding the indexes and tables as part of performance tuning.
Performed Query optimization & Performance Tuning.
Optimized queries using SQL Profiler and Database engine tuning advisor.

Environment: SQL Server 2012, SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SSRS, SQL Server Data Tools, Windows 7, Microsoft Office SharePoint, Excel.

SQL Developer / Data Analyst _ 04/2015- 08/2016
Google, Mountain View, CA

Responsibilities:
Involve in gathering business requirement and test development stage from the beginning worked closely with Test owner, Test Developer, Data source contact.
Experience in writing SQL Queries, T-SQL, Stored Procedures, Views, Functions, Indexes, and database Triggers.
Defined Check constraints, Business Rules, Indexes, and Views as per requirements.
Experience in Data Analysis, Data Migration, Data Validation, Data Cleansing, Data Verification and identifying Data Mismatch.
Translated business needs into data analysis, business intelligence data sources and reporting solutions for different types of information consumers.
Developing SSIS packages for extracting the data from Staging Database, perform the QC Rule Check and loading into the National Property Database.
Performance tuning of complex SQL queries and Stored Procedures to increase the performance and worked on exception handling.
Identify data source and request access to data source as per the intakes requirements.
Applied various data transformations like Slowly Changing Dimension, Aggregate, Sort, Multicasting, Conditional Split, Derived column, Web Services Task etc.
Created SSIS packages for data Importing, Cleansing, and Parsing. Extracted, cleaned and validated.
Environment: SQL Server 2012, Oracle, T-SQL, SSIS, Oracle, Windows.

Data Analyst _ 02/2013- 04/2015
Client: BBVA Compass Bank, Birmingham, AL

Responsibilities:
Conducted JRD sessions with users and business clients to gather specific requirements and expectations and implement effective Data Modelling and ETL design.
Modified database structures as directed by developers for test/develop environments and assist with coding, design and performance tuning.
Created database objects like Stored Procedures, UDFs, Triggers, Indexes and Views using T-SQL in both OLTP and Relational data warehouse in support of ETL.
Performed Index analysis on tables and came up with more efficient solutions to use between different kind of indexes such as Clustered, Non-Clustered and Covering Indexes, filtered indexes.
Created database objects like Stored Procedures, UDFs, Triggers, Indexes and Views using T-SQL in both OLTP and Relational data warehouse in support of ETL.
Created views as required by front end developer for easier implementation on web pages, and wrote instead of triggers on those views to provide efficient data manipulation
Managed the entire ETL process involving the extraction, analysis, transformation, loading and presentation of information to the end users.
Created complex SSIS packages to pull data from Oracle, Excel, flat files to SQL server.
Implemented the Master Child Package Model for easier maintenance and better performance of the ETL strategy.
Managed Package configurations for SSIS Packages in both XML files and SQL Server Tables.
Designed SSIS package templates as base code for package development incorporating package configurations, connection managers and logging in it.
Environment: SQL, HP ALM, SQL Server, SSIS, TFS, XML, Flat Files, UNIX, Share point.

Data Analyst _ 10/2011-02/2013
Capital One, San Francisco CA

Responsibilities:
Designed data and source-to-target mapping work on the BDW data warehouse.
Checking and validating data in the Mapping document running the queries on DB2.
Documented and maintained RTM (Requirement Traceability Matrix) to ensure that all requirements are traceable from top to bottom, hence provide a basis for test plan.
Interacted with users for verifying user requirements, managing change control process, updating existing documentation.
Developed ETL mappings, testing, correction and enhancement and resolved data integrity issues.
Identified the source and target tables. Developed mapping document using MS excel.
Determined the natural keys for the target tables.
Designed outgoing file format (fixed or delimited) and field mapping for that files. Flat file conversion from the data warehouse scenario.
Provided the required transformation logic using oracle and DB2 queries.
Organized and conducted cross-functional meetings to ensure linearity of the phase approach.
Collaborated with a team of Business Analysts to ascertain capture of all requirements.
Executed SQL queries, PL/SQL stored procedures, triggers on back end as a part of data analysis and data validation
Worked closely with the data architect to resolve the referential integrity problems.
Validated the data during unit testing in the MO region before sending it for system testing.
Environment: Windows XP, SQL developer, Oracle, MS Office, PL/SQL
Contact this candidate