Work Profile
THALES Avionics, Melbourne, FL Feb *6-June 20
SQL BI / Azure Data Warehouse Developer
Responsibilities:
Worked on Full Life Cycle development (Agile SDLC) involving in all stages of development.
Design develop and Unit Test ETL packages using SSIS.
Worked with the Data Development and Database Administration teams to analyze and debug issues with ETL processes and apply fixes adhering to operating environment best practices.
Created design specifications (High Level and Low-Level Design Documents and enhance
Physical Data Models and Mapping documents).
Analyzed batch processing performance and suggested improvements where appropriate.
Troubleshoot and fix ETL scripts written in PL/SQL in case of issues raised.
Collaborated with Quality Analysts on system, performance and user acceptance testing as well ITIL team members on release and change management as required.
Participated in peer code review sessions and document code and design artifacts.
Responsible for Deployment of SSIS packages.
Responsible for SSIS package schedule and monitor daily jobs.
Extensively Utilized Joins and Sub-Queries to streamline complex questions including different table.
Wrote Stored procedures and user defined scalar/ tabular functions (UDF’s) to be used in SSIS packages
Developed tabular queries for efficient analysis of report using Pivot/Un-pivot in T-SQL
Created and Managed Clustered Indexes and Non-Clustered Indexes and optimized queries using execution plan.
Worked on developing SQL scripts for data analysis and extraction.
Worked on geography data for satellite mapping of different locations.
Maintains data integrity and database structure including tables, views, and triggers
Created Grouping, sorting columns and writing expressions according to the business requirements.
Worked on creating servers for different databases and maintenance of those servers.
Worked on enhancing and deploying SSIS packages from development server to Testing and Production server.
Designed and developed data load jobs using SSIS packages and scheduled in SQL agent.
Extensively worked with SSIS tool suite, designed and created mappings using various SSIS transformations like OLEDB, Conditional split, Lookup, Aggregator, Multicast.
Created Data Warehouse Cubes in SQL Server Analysis Service (SSAS)
Created Dimensional modeling using SSAS for end-user. Created Hierarchies in Dimensional Modeling.
Worked on MDX queries while creating and customizing Cubes using SQL server Analysis Services (SSAS)
Generated ad-hoc reports in Excel Power Pivot and shared then using Power BI to the internal teams for strategic planning.
Explored data in a variety of ways and across multiple visualization using Power BI.
Designed Power BI data visualization utilizing cross tabs, maps, scatter plots, pie, bar and density charts
Created different business report for purchasing and SLA score reports for the fleet using SSRS.
Developed Tableau visualizations and dashboards using Tableau Desktop, and SharePoint reports.
Created XML generator using Python with XMLTree Modules.
Providing production support for ETL process.
Azure Cloud Responsibilities:
Design and implement database solutions in Azure SQL Data Warehouse, Azure SQL
Involved in implementing necessary infrastructure to support data analytics needs.
Involved in design and implement end to end data solutions (storage, integration, processing and visualization)
Developed, Managed and supported pipelines in Microsoft Azure Data Factory for creation of final aggregated reporting tables.
Design and implement migration strategies for traditional systems on Azure (lift and shift/Azure migrate, other third-party tools).
Environment: Visual Studio (2013,2017), SQL Server Management Studio 2012,2014,2017, SQL Server Business Intelligence Development Studio, SQL Server Analysis Server, SQL Server Reporting Services, Tableau, Windows 7,10, PowerShell Scripts, Azure Portal, Azure Data Lake, Azure SQL Datawarehouse, Python, JIRA, CONFLUENCE, Agile practice.

Link Logik Technologies, Hyderabad, India Mar 11– Oct 13
Jr.SQL Developer
Responsibilities:
Install, Upgrade and configure SQL and BI tools and writing SQL queries to assist with business request.
Assist with SQL backups/restore with monitoring SQL agent jobs.
Contributed to writing test cases for procedures, ETL jobs, SSAS cubed and SSIS packages.
Technical Skills
Databases: SQL Server 2017/2016/2014/2012/2008R2, MS-Access 2000, Oracle 11g/10, DB2, MySQL

Database Tools: SSMS, BIDS/Visual Studio

SQL Server Tools: SSMS, Configuration Manager, Enterprise Manager, Query Analyzer Profiler, DTS, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, Database Tuning Advisor, MySQL Workbench, Azure Data Studio

Languages: SQL, T-SQL, PL/SQL, MDX, DAX, Python, PowerShell

RDBMS: SQL Server 2008 R2/2012/2014/2016/2017, Oracle 11g/10

OS: Windows 2008/2010 Enterprise, Windows 2000 Datacenter, Windows NT & XP

Methodologies & Other Tools: Agile, Waterfall, Scrum, SDLC, JIRA, VISIO, Team Foundation Service (TFS)
Educational Qualifications
Cleveland State University
Master’s in mechanical engineering spring ’14 – fall ‘15
Cumulative GPA: 3.3

Lakireddy Balireddy College of Engineering
Bachelors (Mechanical Engineering) fall ’09 – spring ‘13
Cumulative GPA: 3.2

References will give on Request
Contact this candidate