Anil Choudary
SQL Server BI Developer
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

Over 4 Years of IT experience which includes System Analysis and Design, Development & Support of MS SQL Servers 2017/2016/2012 in Production, QA, and Development Environments.
Hands on experience in installing, configuring, managing, upgrading, and migrating, Backup/Restore, monitoring and troubleshooting SSAS Databases.
Strong technical knowledge in MS SQL Server development including SSRS, Microsoft Analysis Services, Performance tuning, Reporting, designing logical/physical databases and Troubleshooting.
Strong experience with T-SQL (DDL & DML) in Implementing & Developing Stored Procedures, Triggers, Nested Queries, Joins, Cursors, Views, User Defined Functions, Indexes, User Profiles, Relational Database Models, Creating & Updating tables and checking the database consistency by executing DBCC Commands.
SQL Server OLAP database development including KPIs, Data mining, working with changing dimensions.
Experience in SQL Server Pivot Tables and Power BI (Dataflows and Entities) design, constructing, and deployment.
Transformed data from one server to other servers using tools like Bulk Copy Program (BCP), SSRS and SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) (2012/2014).
Created Complex Currency Translation calculations in Dax to achieve P&L and balance sheets for financials related projects in tabular models.
Good Experience In SQL server Analysis Server 2017/Azure Analysis server.
Maintained Azure Analysis server for deploying and user access for tabular models.
Good experience in using Multidimensional Expressions (MDX) for querying and manipulating the multidimensional data stored in OLAP cubes.
Sound Experience and understanding of SSAS, OLAP cube and Architecture.
Build MDX query for SSRS reports and SharePoint Performance Point reports and Dashboards.
Ability to work in all stages of System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Agile methodologies.
Experience working and creating ad-hoc reports, Parameterized, Custom Reporting using SSRS for daily reports and SSAS projects.
Experience in Configure and maintain Report Manager and Report Server for SSRS, Deployed and Scheduled the Reports in Report Manager.
Experienced in Creating DAX Expressions, create Date to yearly columns and implement partitions in Tabular Models for power BI.
Good experience in creating OLAP cubes using SQL Server analysis services (SSAS).
Good knowledge of Data Marts, Data warehousing, Operational Data Store (ODS), OLAP, Data Modeling like Dimensional Data Modeling, Star Schema Modeling, FACT and Dimensions Tables using MS Analysis Services.
Worked with Business Analysts, Web development team, and users on database solutions.
Expertise in Using Power query and DAX for tabular models and Power BI.
Experience in developing OLAP Cubes by using SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS), and defined data sources, data source views, Dimensions, Measures, Hierarchies, Attributes, Calculations using multi-dimensional expression (MDX), Perspectives and Roles.

TECHNICAL SKILL:
Database: Microsoft SQL Server 2008R2/2012/2016, MS SQL Reporting Services 2008R2/2012, MS SQL Server Analysis Services 2015, MS SQL Server Integration Services 2012/2014
Tools: Power designer Visual Studio 2015, T-SQL, MS Access, MS-Office, MS Excel, SQL Developer, Crystal Reports.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Genesee & Wyoming Railroad Services, Inc. May 2018 – Till Date
Role: BI Developer

Responsibilities:

Gather Requirements for developing SQL Server Analysis Services Tabular model and Create documentations for Tabular Model.
Create Views/Scripts in SQL Server to extract data for Tabular model from Data ware house.
Create Measures, calculated columns, and time intelligence calculations as per the requirements.
Design Complex Parent-child and ragged hierarchies for the tabular model based on the requirements.
Test the tabular model with different visualization tools like power bi, excel power pivot, SQL server reporting Services and Report builder.
Implemented Currency translation strategy for all financials related projects in tabular model and define strategy for doing it going forward.
Created complex time intelligence calculations and relative dates calculations in DAX to achieve P&L financials statements in financials related tabular projects.
Create user Security roles based the requirements given by the business users to maintain data security and create these roles in active directory to maintain these roles easily by the support team.
Meet Business Stakeholders to give the regular updates and status on the ongoing projects and design strategy to test the project, fix the ongoing issues and finally moving it into the production.
Created stylish Report Layouts and Deployed the Reports using SSRS and created SSRS reports out of tabular model cubes writing DAX queries to pull the data.
Complete the task assigned in Jira by the end of each sprint and follow the agile methodologies to complete the tasks given in that sprint.
Actively participate in ideas to change software life cycle related process changes and give the inputs to team and the managers to improve the process,
Create and maintain the SharePoint site for updating the status of the tabular models as they move from development to testing and finally to production and update these with user guide so that users can easily to navigate and fetch the documents they required.
Building and maintaining dimensional cubes with SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) and used MDX script for querying the data.
Creating user guide documents for users to explain and make them understand how to use to achieve their desired results.
Deploying projects in both azure analysis server and on premise Analysis server depending on the need and requirements.
Maintaining and monitoring Azure analysis server user access for tabular models to avoid any memory related issues and generate appropriate support tickets to maintain these servers.
Creating Power BI dataflows using power Query for different sources of data such as SharePoint, API, and online sources.
Utilize Power Query in Power BI to Pivot and Unpivot the data model for data cleansing and data massaging.
Provide maintenance and Support for existing tabular models and dataflows in power bi service and maintain Power BI gateway to keep dashboards and reports up-to-date with on premise data sources.
Using Team foundation server (TFS) for managing source code changes and reviewing team members code using TFS.
Implement new complex calculated members and calculation groups in tabular models to improve the report performance and optimizing measures.

Creating design documents for support team to handover the project after the release into production, these documentations will help them to understand the logic behind the code and will help them to support the project going forward.

Environment: Windows OS, MS SQL Server 2014, MS SQL Server 2019/ Azure Analysis Services, MS SQL Integration Services, Visual Studio 2017, Microsoft Analysis Services, Tabular Models, Azure Cloud, Report Builder 2.0, T-SQL, Power BI, Power Query

Lease Plan USA, Alpharetta, GA Jun 2017 – APR 2018
Role: Microsoft SQL Server SSAS Developer

Responsibilities:

Created entity relationship (ER) diagram for proposed database to display the various relationships between entities.
Gather Requirements for developing SQL Server Analysis Services Tabular model and Create documentations for Tabular Model.
Create Views/Scripts in SQL Server to extract data for Tabular model from Data ware house.
Make Relationships between the tables/calculated table as per the model.
Create Measures, calculated columns, hierarchies as per the requirements.
Test the tabular model with different visualization tools like power bi, excel power pivot, SQL server reporting Services and Report builder.
Involved in building and maintaining dimensional cubes with SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) and used MDX script for querying the data.
Created SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) cubes and migrated some of the existing cubes.
Defined hardware specifications and installation of Analysis Services.
Deployed and configured cubes/tabular models and optimized them for best performance.
Created Tablix Reports, Matrix Reports, Parameterized Reports, Sub reports using SQL Server Reporting Services.
Created ad-hoc reports Using Report Builder 2.0
Created stylish Report Layouts and Deployed the Reports using SSRS and created SSRS reports out of tabular model cubes writing DAX queries to pull the data.
Created error handling on packages by redirecting errors, error Log shipping and saving error log in RDBMS.
Created database objects such as tables, Views, Stored procedures, functions, triggers etc. during the development of the database and to serve customized functionality as needed.
Developed codes with better performance by testing and ensuring code run at optimal while keeping in mind blocking and deadlocking situation and creating codes to avoid such scenario.
Designed and developed dynamic SSIS package to perform extract, transform and load (ETL) data across different platforms, validate the data and archive the data files into the database.
Performed Unit testing of codes and packages with self-generated sample data following guidelines specified.
Designed ETL Packages to extract data from different data sources.
Created measures and calculated columns as per the requirement.
Tested the tabular model using power bi, report builder, and excel power pivot.
Deployed the tabular model on server/ cloud.
Trained end users on how to use tabular model for reporting.
Created SQL server agent jobs to daily update the tabular model with latest data.
Created SQL jobs to process packages and load data at specified times and specify certain action upon failure or success of the job.
Creation of metrics, attributes, filters, reports, and dashboards created advanced chart types, visualizations, and complex calculations to manipulate the data.
Generated context filters and data source filters while handling huge volume of data.
Published Workbooks by creating user filters so that only appropriate teams can view it
Configured and maintained Report Manager and Report Server for SSRS.

Environment: Windows OS, MS SQL Server 2014, MS SQL Server Reporting Services, MS SQL Integration Services, Visual Studio 2015, Microsoft Analysis Services, Tabular Models, Azure Cloud, Report Builder 2.0, T-SQL, Power BI

Baanyan Software Services, Edison, NJ Feb 2017 – Jun 2017
Role: SQL Server BI Developer
Responsibilities:

Developed and deployed SSIS packages for ETL from OLTP and various sources to staging and staging to Data warehouse using Lookup, Fuzzy Lookup, Derived Columns, Condition Split, Term, Slowly Changing Dimension and more.
Performed ETL mappings using MS SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS).
Developed and deployed data transfers packages using SSIS, also maintained the jobs running on Servers.
Created jobs on daily basis and schedule job to update recent data by using SQL Server Agent jobs
Participated in reviews of issues related to SSRS reports and work in troubleshooting those issues, fixing, testing, and deploying them.
Worked in creating complex Stored Procedures, triggers, cursors, tables, views, joins and statements for applications. Developed complex T-SQL code for the application.
Involved in designing the physical databases model on SQL Server 2008 R2 RDBMS using different Data Definition and Data Manipulation languages (DML/DDL) implementing constraints and triggers for data integrity in development database for Warehouse system.
Extensively used T-SQL to manipulate and architect to produce results for users.
Performance tuning of Queries and Stored Procedures.
Used SQL profiler to view indexes performance to mostly eliminate table scan.
Created SSIS process design architecting the flow of data from various sources to target.
Used SSIS to create ETL packages to validate, extract, transform and load data to data warehouse databases, data mart databases and process SSAS cubes to store data to OLAP databases.
Created SSIS Templates for developing SSIS Packages in such a way that they can be dynamically deployed into Development, Testing and Production Environments.
Worked on OLAP model based on Dimension and FACTS for efficient loads of data based on Star Schema structure on levels of reports.
Created calculated fields with MDX code to meet additional measures needs that are calculated from existing measures.
Used efficient task objects/connections/work flows in packages based on data volumes and data sources.
Creating Tabular, Matrix reports (also called as crosstab or pivot), Charts and graphs as per customer requirements Using SSRS.
Involved in project status report updates/ creation of issue items for reviews/updates of technical and transformation files on timely basis.
Created and developed query for Drill Down and Ad Hoc Reports using SQL Server 2012 Reports Services (SSRS).
Environment: Windows OS, MS SQL Server 2012, MS SQL Server Reporting Services 2012, MS SQL Integration Services 2012, SSAS, T-SQL,
Contact this candidate