Arundhati Gutta
adjqjv@r.postjobfree.com
630-***-****
Naperville, IL
Visa Status : US Citizen (Authorized to work for any Employer, no sponsorship required)

SUMMARY

** **** ***** ** ** Experience in Business Intelligence and Development of Reports in Tableau, Power BI, Looker, Oracle OBIEE, Microsoft BI Stack and Crystal Reports in various business domains -Healthcare, Insurance, Supply Chain, Manufacturing, Financial and Digital Marketing.
Data Warehouse Development: Comfortable with both technical and functional applications of RDBMS, Data Mapping, Data management, Data transportation and Data Staging. Strong understanding of Data Warehousing concepts, Dimensional modeling, Star schema and Snowflake schema
Domains Expertise: Experience in data warehouse and BI projects implementation with Manufacturing, Advertising, Healthcare, Financial, Government and Retail domains.
Project Management Estimation: Proven track record in managing Data Warehouse and BI technical teams, assisting the project manager with task planning, estimation and conducting project co-ordination activities. Well versed with SDLC life cycle Waterfall and Agile methodologies .
Requirements Gathering: Experience in Understanding business processes and gathering requirements from subject matter expert.
ETL Development: Expertise in creating ETL routines and mappings using Informatica, OWB, ODI, SSIS, and Alteryx data from multiple sources int0 targets. Extensively worked on the ETL mappings, analysis and documentation. Deep experience in creating fact, dimension, staging, ODS and other database objects like views, stored procedure, function.
BI Development: Expertise in designing and deploying BI reports and dashboards using Tableau, Looker, Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Microsoft Power BI, Oracle Business Intelligence Tools, Discoverer, BI Publisher, OBIEE and Crystal Reports.
Database Development: Knowledge in database development and designing using Oracle, Sql-Server, Hadoop Cloudera, Hive, Impala and Microsoft AZURE Cloud
Administration Tasks: Experience in performing Tableau administration tasks, in adding users, managing roles, assigning privileges.
Training and Instructing: Expertise in guiding, training, assisting the team members on technical issues and new technologies.
Documentation: Experience in developing physical design, logical design, source target, data profiling, bus matrix documentation that help in standardization.
QA and SLA's: Experience in peer review, unit testing and performing error free, on time and within budget delivery of projects.

Experience in Managing and Leading Teams.
Experience in Tableau Desktop for data visualization, Dashboards, Reporting and Analysis, Horizontal Bars, Vertical Bars, Stacked Bars, Scatter Plots, Geographic Maps, Pie Charts and Heat Maps.
Proficient in creating Parameters, Table Calculations, LODs (Level of Detail) Calculations and Conditional Formatting with shapes, colors, size, text, created Data source Filters, Context Filters, Qucik Filters and Extract Filters.
Used Actions, sorting, filters, sets and grouping extensively.
Built several Charts - Bar Charts, Line Charts, Pie Charts, Donut Charts, Bubble Charts, Staked Bar Charts, Tree Map and Gantt Charts.
Created several Date/Time Calculated fields, Aggregations, Geo Mapping, and Parameters.
Strong interpersonal skills and a proven ability to work effectively with peers, technical teams, project managers and quality assurance managers.

Self-starter and quick learner. Excellent Analytical, Problem solving and Communication Skills.

EDUCATION:
BS in Computer Science
Osmania University, Hyderabad, India
Diploma in Software Technology
Bureau of Data Processing Systems, Hyderabad, India
Diploma in Computerized Accounting
Dorsey Business School, Madison Heights, MI, USA

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Specialities
Data Visualization, Business Intelligence (BI), Agile/Scrum Methodology
BI Tools
Tableau 7.0/8.0/8.1/8.2.5,/9/9.3/10.1/10.2/10.3/10.5/Tableau Hyper/
Tableau 2018, Tableau 2019, Tableau Prep
Looker, OBIEE 10g/11g, Oracle Discoverer, BI Publisher, Business Objects, Microsoft BI stack, SSRS, and Visual Studio, Microsoft Power BI,
Google Analytics 360, Sharepoint, familiar with D3 and Spotfire
Database
Hadoop Cloudera, Oracle 11g/10g/9i/8i,
MS SQL Server 2005/2008/2012/2014/2017, MS Access,
Microsoft AZURE Cloud, Teradata, Epic, AWS Redshift
Operating Systems
UNIX, LINUX, MS-DOS, Windows 7/2000/NT/XP/Vista
Tools and Packages
SQL*Plus, SQL Developer, TOAD, Oracle EBS, Oracle Forms & Reports,
Crystal Reports, SAS, JIRA
Languages
SQL, PL/SQL, VB Script, Javascript, Python and R
ETL Tools
Informatica 8.6.1, 9.2, Oracle Warehouse Builder (OWB, ODI) 11gR2,
MS SSIS, AtScale, Alteryx, Tableau Prep.
Testing Tools
QTP, Quality Center, ETL Testing

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Bank of America
Charlotte, NC
September 2020 to Present
Role: Tableau Visualization Expert

Role and Responsibilities:
Senior Tableau Visualization Expert in Enterprise Cards Division, Involved in requirements gathering, design, development of Dashboards, Creating Vendor Service Level Agreement Dashboards. Publishing Dashboards, maintenance and enchancements.
Moving data from DB2 to Oracle Database. Creating mock up wireframes in Powerpoint and Tableau.

Wells Fargo
Charlotte, NC
April 2019 to June 2020
Role: Senior Tableau Developer

Role and Responsibilities:
Senior Tableau Developer in Endpoint Security Engineering & Emerging Services(ESE ES) Division. Involved in Analysis, Design, Development, Periodical Data Refresh of Data Sources and Testing of Dashboards for HR Department for Senior Management and internal users. Created Technology Complaince Program(TCP) Steering Committee Dashboards, TCP Managers View Dashboards, TCP Travel and Training Dashboards for Information Systems Managers, Divisional Managers and TwoDown Managers. Created alternative views to Risk Level Tab in TCP Steering Committee Report used dynamic color coding which is an advanced feature of Tableau.
Enhancements and clean up and applied clear and crisp formatting and font to the views to get the best visualization. Used Wells Fargo Brand Standard Colors for Charts and the Headers and Labels. Created Donut Charts, Bar Charts and Line Charts and in the Tabular Reports all the enhancements were done which are exactly same as in Excel Mock up requirements given by Executives.
Published the Dashboards on Development server and on Production Server.
Used JIRA for Project tracking. Used Tableau Prep for Importing data and Transforming the Data.

Designed and developed CTO BOW Dashboard, Resource Sourcing Tool Dashboard and Hiring Plan Dashboard. Created Users Manuals for the Dashboards. Product Support of Dashboards in Production Environment.

Environment: Tableau 2018, Database MS SQL, JIRA, Sharepoint, Splunk

The Marketing Store (TMS)
Havi Group
Chicago, IL
Jan 2019 – April 2019
Role: Senior Tableau Developer

The Marketing Store Worldwide, LLC operates as a customer engagement agency. The company provides marketing technology solutions, and creates digital products and platforms. It serves brands worldwide. The company was founded in 1991 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. The Marketing Store Worldwide, LLC operates as a subsidiary of HAVI Group, LP

Role and Responsibilities:
Design and Developed Connected Car, Opportunity Calculator Dashboards for China and Japanese Markets. Developed Dashboards according to User Mock Up. The Dashboards have an option of viewing the Charts and Tabular views and the data in English and converting into Chinese and Japanese. The Datasource was customized to use the Language of choice.

Environment: Tableau 2018, Tableau 2019 Database MySQL

Navistar
Lisle, IL
June 2016 – December 2018
Role: Tableau Visualization Expert / Admin

Navistar International Corporation (formerly International Harvester Company) is an American holding company, that owns the manufacturer of International brand commercial trucks, IC Bus school, Defense Vehicles and commercial buses.

Responsibilities:
Administrator Role : Administering Tableau Server and Tableau Desktop, and managing Tableau Sites.
Set up Subscriptions and Alerts on the Server.
Maintaining Security and Create/manage users, Groups, Licenses and integrate with Active Directory. Experience in the maintenance and scheduling of Tableau Data Extracts using Tableau Server. Publishing the Datasources and Dashboards to the server. Played a Key Role in identifying performance issues and suggested alternatives and work arounds for improving speed. Involved in Installation and upgrades. Scheduled data refresh on Tableau Server for weekly and monthly increments based on business change to ensure that the views and dashboards were displaying the changed data accurately. Experience with Tableau application performance monitoring, capacity planning, Row Level Security and tuning for multiple Users on several projects. Experience with Active Directory Integration and Synchronization with Tableau.

1)Environment: Single node server
2)4 of each VizQl, backgrounder and cache processes.
3)Kerberos sign on.
4)Server version 10.5.4
5)Processor : AMD EPYC 7251 8-Core Processor, 2100 Mhz, 8 Core(s), 8 Logical Processor(s)
6)64 GB memory
7)1.5 TB space
8)~ 50 GB size of total backup as of now.

Visualization Expert/ Senior Developer Role: Managing group of four Tableau Developers, leading several projects, Interacting with business users from OCC, IPD and IT, Supply Chain departments to gain a good understanding of the business, analytical, and reporting needs, including the identification of critical metrics and KPIs. Story telling and presenting data with best practices and best visualizations.
Developed rich interactive visualizations integrating various reporting components from multiple data sources. Converted several Reports which were in Oracle Discoverer and OBIEE to Tableau Dashboards.

As a Tableau SME, responsible for the design, development and production support, maintenance of interactive data visualizations used across the company.

Supply Chain: Designed and developed High Priority Dashboards- Order to Delivery Dashboards for CEO which are displayed on the big screen next to the CEO’s desk.
Converted existing OBIEE Dashboards to Tableau Visually Rich Dashboards.

IT: Designed and build IT Operational Mega Dashboard, which gives the snap shot of IT Metrics for the CIO and the Executives. The Mega Dashboard has 22 Sheets with visually rich charts.
Included are the other 33 Tabbed Views which contains information and different types of charts about Budget, Ticketing, Assets, Resources, Overall Project Status and Asset Audits etc., the dashboards contain Bar Charts, Stacked Bar Charts, Pie Charts, Line Charts, Donut Chart, Bubble Chart, conditional color coded background for Ticket Metrics the workbook contains 200 plus sheets. Designed and Developed IT Metrics Dashboards in Tableau as well as in Power BI.

Manufacturing: Enchancements were done to - All Parts Manufacture Defects Dashboard.

Integrated Parts Division (IPD): Built Parts Analysis – Parts Usage on Built Vehicles Dashboard which holds 1.3 Billion rows of data, improved the data load time by creating Extracts and Applying Data Source and Quick Filters, embedded an external link which loads the Users Manual in PDF format for the users, built SQ Search Dashboards Version 1 and Version 2 and SQ Search Trends. Built SSAS Models for SQ Search Dashboards.

On Command Connect (OCC): Build OCC Repeat Offenders Dashboard, LT & A26 Dashboard, OCC Telematics Dashboard, OCC Telematics Active and Inactive Device Counts Dashboard, OCC EDL Drivers & Carriers Count Dashboard and other dashboards.

Call Center Metrics: Currently designing and developing Dashboards for Call Center Metrics. Open Aging Tickets, Closed Tickets Metrics Dashboards, Drivers and Carrier Logs Dashboards.

Environment: Tableau Desktop and Tableau Server 9.1/9.2/9.3/10.1/10.2/10.3/10.5
Hadoop Cloudera, Impala, Hive, Alteryx, Atscale, SSMS, Visual Studio 2014/2017 Microsoft Azure Cloud, Sharepoint, OBIEE and Cognos 10, Splunk, Hive, AWS

US Foods
Rosemont, IL
January 2016 – June 2016
Role: Tableau Admin/Senior Tableau Developer

Tableau: Involved in Analytics team in building Tableau reporting and Server from ground up. Experience in administering Tableau Server and Tableau Desktop.
Creating and managing Tableau Sites. Maintaining Security and Create/manage users, Groups, Licenses and integrate with Active Directory. Experience in the maintenance and scheduling of Tableau Data Extracts using Tableau Server.
Publishing the Datasources and Dashboards to the server.

Worked with business teams to gain a good understanding of their business, analytical, and reporting needs, including the identification of critical metrics and KPIs
Partner closely with cross-function peers and leaders to deliver reporting projects that solve business requirements.
Build and prototype dashboards to provide insights into the operations of a business function.
Developed rich interactive visualizations integrating various reporting components from multiple data sources. Provide training and expertise to business users and other stakeholders on Self-service BI. Work closely with the Data Architecture team and provide technical design recommendations on the data mart structures which support analytical applications.

Provided technical details for implementation of BI solutions
Design functional specs for BI front end applications including dashboards and reporting. Provide expertise and guidance to other developers in the use of the toolset. Develop and enhance relationship between developers and customers through good practices of Customer Service.

Set up sites, projects, workbooks, views and data sources, Working with Oracle 11g to query, sort and filter through data sources.

ETL Project :Lead the Campaign Management Data Project as the Technical Lead
Design, Develop, Test and Integrate the Campaign Management Data into Oracle Database. Build ETL mappings in Informatica, extract the source files(Flat Files) transform and Load process. Took complete ownership of the Project from design to going live in Production.
Environment: Tableau Desktop and Tableau Server 8.2.5/ 9.3, Cognos 10, Oracle 11g, SQL Developer, Salesforce, JIRA, Confluence, Informatica 9.2, HPSM, Control M
G/O Digital Marketing, A Gannett Company
Chicago, IL
December 2014 – December 2015
Role: Tableau Developer
Description: G/O Digital is a new division of The Gannett Company (NYSE: GCI). G/O Digital is solving major market problems and defining major market opportunities to transform local marketing. G/O Digital delivers simple solutions to connect with consumers locally in a meaningful, personal way and #WinLocal. With a comprehensive suite of digital marketing services, G/O Digital is powered by digital marketing leaders.
G/O Digital for SMBs: Integrated digital marketing provider to local businesses in more than 100 local markets.
Shoplocal: Powering local@scale through a real-time localization engine that syndicates digital content across any channel or format.
BLiNQ Media: Leading social engagement, solving the transformation of social content into local commerce at scale, across any channel, format and screen.
Key Ring: Leading mobile experiences, including the #1 shopping app, to attain, retain and reward customers

Responsibilities:
Assist internal customers, including executives, with analyzing data and developing effective reports, dashboards and visually rich graphs.
Respond to timely ad-hoc data request from multiple requesters.
Assist with high profile and complex projects that have a high level of visibility within the company.
Interact with Business users and understanding their requirements.
Designing, Developing, and supporting interactive Tableau Dashboards and reports.
Recommending Dashboards per Tableau visualization features.
Delivering reports to Business team on timely manner.
Drew upon full range of Tableau platform technologies to design and
implement proof of concept solutions and create advanced BI visualizations.
Designed and developed multiple Dashboards for the Sales, Marketing, and Finance Department, conversion of EXCEL and Powerpoint Reports to Tableau Reports.
Designed and Published several Workbooks and visually rich Dashboards for Finance Department. i.e. Bookings Report, Billing Report, Revenue and Budget Report, Cancellation Report and Retention Report etc…
Created Filters, Parameters, Hierarchies, Actions, used Data Blending and written Custom SQL Queries for Datasources, and used Stored Procedures as Datasources. Created Calculated Fields based on the requirements.
Generate reports for Marketing team to measure media channel and market by Region(city/geographic level) performance.
Create automated queries and reports to measure vital business statistics.
Documented processes and code.
Experience attaching to multiple data types utilizing Excel, CSV, MS SQL Server, within the current version of Tableau.
Published several Workbooks and Dashboards to Tableau Server & troubleshooted display issues.
Experience in utilizing Microsoft Power BI tools such as Power View, Power Pivot, Power Query and PowerMap to retrieve, analyze and present data in well-designed visualizations.
Performed Unit testing and successfully migrated the Workbooks and Dashboards to QA Environment and Production Environment.
Working both individually and as part of a collaborative team, while displaying excellent levels of discretion, professionalism, and the ability to solve problems analytically through critical thinking.
Created User Manuals for the reports in PowerPoint.
Environment: Tableau 8.2.5, MSSQL Server 2012, MS Power BI, Salesforce, JIRA, GITHUB, SmartGIT
Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan
Detroit, MI
August 2013 – November 2014
Role: Tableau Developer
A.M.Castle & Co
Oakbrook, IL
September 2012 – August 2013
Role: Senior BI Developer/Tableau/OBIEE/ETL Developer

Maryland State Department of Education
Division of Accountability and Assessment
Baltimore, MD
October 2011 – September 2012
Role: BI Developer

ADP, Hoffman Estates, IL
July 2009- October 2011
Oracle Reports Developer

Advocate Health Care, Downers Grove, IL
June 2007 – June 2009
Reports Developer

Viant, Naperville, IL
May 2000 – March 2004
Role: Programmer

CAPGemini America, Westchester, IL
May 1996 – May 2000
Role: Consultant –Oracle Reports Developer/Tester

Client : US Cellular Rosemont, IL
Oracle Developer

Client: United Insurance, Chicago, IL
Oracle Reports Developer
Contact this candidate