Nihal B Efendiler
adjs89@r.postjobfree.com
469-***-****
Plano, TX, United States
Profile
SQL/BI developer with IT experience in Database and Business Intelligence technologies with expertise in Installing, Upgrading and Configuring SQL Server
Development, also with proven ability to produce results in a fast-paced environment with critical deadlines. Excellent critical thinking, problem solving, communication, and teamwork skills. Authorized to work in the US for any employer.
Education
Computer Science
Richland College
2017 – present Dallas, USA
International Relations
Beykent University
2012 – 2016 Istanbul, TURKEY
Skills
SQL, SSIS, SSRS
POWERBI, ORACLE SQL
C#, C++,
Professional Experience
Retail Associate
VHQ TEXAS LLC
2018 – 2019
Receive textbooks and goods from seller and return them as required with leading of the supervisor. Prepare displays of goods and assist with the relocation of stock with organization, teamwork and communication.
Maintain daily records of items received and returned Organisations
Youth Development Center
Mentoring to university sophomores
08/2019 – 06/2020
Youth Development Center
Mentoring to university freshmen
08/2018 – 06/2019
Youth Development Center
Mentoring to high school senior
08/2017 – 06/2018
Youth Development Center
Vice President of the Moral Behavior Course
08/2016 – 06/2017
Projects
SQL
· Experience in Database Design and Development of MS SQL 2008/2012/2014/2016 and BI solutions using Microsoft components in various business domains.
· Creating various SQL server Objects like Tables, Views, Constraints, Indexes, Joins.
· Use of T-SQL for developing complex Queries, stored procedures, triggers, User Defined functions.
· Creating Backend validations using Insert, Update and Delete triggers and Created views for generating reports. SSIS
· ETL (Extract, Transform and Load) activities using SSIS. Worked on all activities related to the development, implementation, administration and support of ETL
processes.
· Extracting and Transforming data (ETL) from various heterogeneous sources and loading them into various heterogeneous sources.
· Creating complex SSIS packages which contains several control flow tasks like Execute SQL Tasks, Script Tasks, Data Flow Tasks, For Each Loop, and so on.
· Transforming data using Data Flow Tasks like Derived Column, Data Conversion, Row Count, Merge Join, Union All, etc.
· Implementing various SSIS features like Event Handling, Precedence Constraints, Breakpoints, Checkpoints, and Logging for Complex SSIS Packages.
· Various kinds of SSIS Deployments like File Based Deployment, and SQL Server Deployment.
· Creating SSIS (SQL Server Integration Service) packages to extract data from OLTP to OLAP systems (SQL Server) and scheduled Jobs to call the packages and Stored Procedures. SSRS
· Expertise in generating reports using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).
· Design and Implement reporting solutions using
Reporting Services, Power BI, or other data visualization tools.
Contact this candidate