SUMMARY:
Growth-oriented and result-driven SQL Developer than five years of development success. Resourceful and tenacious professional providing information technology experience in the development and maintenance of PeopleSoft Financials/Supply Chain Mgt and Human Capital Mgt Applications. Experienced in Full Cycle Implementations, Upgrades and Production Support. Customer focused, team player and helping by nature.

TECHNICAL EXPERTISE:
Structured Query Language (SQL) on Oracle database Ver.11G
PeopleSoft Tools Ver 8.49/8.55: App.Designer, PeopleCode, App.Engine, App.Pkg, SQR, Workflow, Int.Broker Component Interface, Change Assistant, Data Mover, and BI Publisher
Programming Languages: COBOL, C++, Visual Basic and Java
Windows/Unix, Sharepoint
VantageERP LLC, Houston TX
Clients: Florida Blue, Jacksonville, FL Apr 2019 – Till date
BI Developer

Working as a Business Intelligence consultant in an Agile process.
Made regular code review to ensure that all the Processes and Standards are being adhered i.e. ensuring correct Implementation of requirements, coding standard, project architecture, efficient code writing techniques etc.

Writing Stored Procedures, Functions, Views, Triggers and dealing with in memory, Temporal tables with column store indexes using SQL 2016.
Working on SSIS Packages (ETL and ELT) to handle different processes as part of the application using Visual Studio.
Working on creating dashboards and visualizations using Power BI.
Working on SSRS reports (Drilldown, Drill through, Sub reports etc..) and deploying them to SSRS Web portal.
Supporting 24x7 PROD issues in order send out payments to the providers on time.
Implemented Logging and Event Handlers on SSIS packages for trouble shooting application.
Developed and Optimized Stored Procedures, Views, and User-Defined Functions for the Application.
Generated matrix reports, drill down, and drill through, sub reports.
Designed SSRS reports with sub reports, expressions and queries, and prepared Ad-Hoc reports through report builders.
Implementing SSRS solutions, used dashboards and gauges to enhance for the business users.
Worked on MDX Queries to pull the data from the SSAS Cubes for the reporting purposes
Worked on Development and implementation of SSRS reports and ran them as per the requirement.
Generated daily, weekly and monthly reports for the managers.
Developed Multi-Dimensional Objects (Cubes, Dimensions) using SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS).
Extracted data using SSIS from OLTP to OLAP. Based on the required reports, identified various data sources, established the connections using SSIS, and constructed data source view.
Designed and implemented data access stored procedures and triggers for automating tasks and job scheduling.
Created cubes in SSAS and build MDX queries to query cubes and to access cube's data.
Identified and defined Fact relationships. Maintained and deployed OLAP Cubes in SSAS.

PROJECT EXPERIENCE:

PeopleSoft 9.1 Upgrade/Production Support (Dec’17 to June’18)
Role – ETL/SQL Developer
Client – Guess, Inc
Understanding and analyzing the client’s requirement
Design and Developing UI look and feel of the Application in windows application.
Developed Design document using VISIO, Designing web pages with Tools of .Net 1.1 by using C# language writing SQL queries and stored procedures

Developed ETL procedures to migrate data from an existing data warehouse to an integrated enterprise level data warehouse.
Created and executed mapping using Slowly Changing Dimensions Type 2, Slowly Growing Target, and Simple Pass Through.
Prepared technical designs for Informatica mappings.
Developed mapping for fact loading from various dimension tables.
Contributed to logical and physical data modeling for the new data warehouse.
Created BTEQ, MLOAD and FLOAD scripts for loading and processing input data.
Created and executed macros using Teradata SQL Query Assistant (Queryman).
Provided technical application support to business, quality assurance and end-user support teams
Gathered requirement for the production issues, etc

PeopleSoft 9.2 Production Support (Apr’16 to Nov’17)
Role –ETL/ SQL Developer
Client – North Western Memorial Hospital, Chicago
Development of SQL Queries for PeopleSoft Financials and Supply Chain Mgt Applications on ORACLE Database Ver.11G
Worked as a SQL Developer with Enterprise Reporting Team
Worked on complex SQL queries using joins, CTE for data retrieval process.
Worked on complex stored procedures, created and modified as per the requirement of the projects. Performed in-depth development by writing complex ETL/ELT jobs, PL/SQL queries, APIs on various source systems, data marts and data warehouse support of the requirements for various strategic and/or tactical projects
Used Merge statements for the incremental load process into the Data Warehouse on the daily basis.
Worked on ticketing system and fixed all types of priority tickets.
Worked on the archieve process of large volumes of tables with millions of records for the performance enhancement.
Hands on experience on various SQL Server Services like Integration Services (SSIS), Analysis Services (SSAS), and Reporting Services (SSRS).
Involved in import / export process of the data with the vendors as per the requirement.
Generated Ad hoc reports, SSRS reports such as parameterized report, Drill Down, Drill Through, Cascading reports as per the requirement.
Development of SQL Queries for PeopleSoft Human Capital Mgt Applications on ORACLE Database Ver.11G
Developed Crystal Reports for the FSCM Applications
Production Support to PeopleSoft Applications using PeopleTools
PeopleSoft 9.1 Production Support (Jan’14 to Mar’16)
Role – ETL/SQL Developer
Client – Autozone, Memphis, TN
Development of SQL Queries for PeopleSoft Financials and Supply Chain Mgt Applications on ORACLE Database Ver.11G

Developed Stored Procedures in PL/SQL
Hands on experience on various SQL Server Services like Integration Services (SSIS), Analysis Services (SSAS), and Reporting Services (SSRS).
Developed ETL package included the use of implementation of stored procedure, data conversion, error logging, dynamic variable expression, sequence containers, conditional precedent constraints and conditional data flow and email notification.
Successfully managed extraction. Transformation and Loading (ETL) process by pulling large number of data from various data sources using BCP in staging database from MS Access to Excel.
Implemented various types of SSIS type transformation in packages including in aggregate, fuzzy lookup, Conditional Split, Row Count, Derived Column
Worked with business analyst and with users to understand data and requirements and develop visualizations in agile approach.
Expertise in writing SQL and PL/ SQL Queries.
Designed and developed specific databases for collection, tracking and reporting of data.
Wrote complex SQL queries using joins, sub queries and correlated sub queries to retrieve data from large number of tables.
Designed and Developed Database Objects like Tables, Views, Stored Procedures, Triggers, Rules, Defaults, user defined functions for this project.

Created reports to retrieve data using Stored Procedures and accept parameters for performing the calculations, concatenation them with the strings and formatting as per the requirements on the reports and dashboards.
Created Non-Clustered Indexes on the new servers for enhancing the performance of the queries.
Created Data Sources, Datasets and Parameters as per the requirements of the reports
Prepare client reports using Microsoft Excel worksheet.
Developed Crystal Reports for the FSCM Applications
Development of SQL Queries for PeopleSoft Human Capital Mgt Applications on ORACLE Database Ver.11G

ORACLE/PeopleSoft Training
1.Completed MicroSoft Business Intelligence Course from Intelipath
2.Completed Training in Oracle HCM Cloud (Rel.11) in core modules from Bell Info Tech.
3.Completed PeopleSoft Technical Training (in Version 8.49) from – TechFusion. Training included – PeopleTools, App.Designer, PeopleCode, Application Engine, Application Packages, SQR, Component Interface, BI Publisher, Workflow and Integration Broker
VISA STATUS -
US Green Card Holder (Permanent Resident)
Contact this candidate