Meski Bedane
SQL BI – Developer Email: adk8yg@r.postjobfree.com

Summary experience

6+ years of experience in BI Solutions (ETL & Reporting) using SSIS, SSAS and SSRS and Power BI.
Experience on system analysis, design, development, testing and implementation of projects in Software Development Life Cycle.
Understanding of Relational Database Systems, Normalization, Data Mining, Data Warehousing Techniques for both OLTP and OLAP Systems in creating Database Objects.
Experience Migrated database from SQL server 2008 R2 to SQL Server 2012 using both Copy Database Wizard and Detach & Attach method.
Experienced on configuring gateways for automate refreshing datasets of reports dashboards and applications in power bi web service as per the business requirements and transaction frequency.
Experience to develop bookmarks, slicers and dice reports, filters, parameters, row level security visual interactions, embed in share point online, publish to web share to users and subscribers.
Apply DAX, MDX and SQL Scripts to develop and apply logics, create Computed Column, Variables, Measures on Power BI and SSIS Cubes.
Experienced to Create a connection string to cloud (Azure) and define API Application registration, configure gateways.
Use Azure DevOps for code sharing and version control and task follow up.
Data migration from on-promises to Azure Server SQL database Datawarehouse.
Experience on developing end-to-end Business Intelligence Solutions comprising data warehouses design, data marts, ETL streams, OLAP cubes, reports, and dashboards from Requirements gathering to production Deployment and support.
Experience with advance knowledge on in RDBMS concepts such as Tables, User Defined Data Types, Indexes, Indexed Views, Functions, CTE’s, Table Variables and Stored Procedures.
Knowledge and experience of Data Warehousing Concepts and Data Modeling Techniques like Fact and Dimensional Data Modeling, Star and Snow-Flake Schema.
Experienced used SSIS to develop data for Extracting, Cleaning, Transforming, and loading data into Targeted Tables.
Experienced Used various ETL tasks such as bulk insert, file system task, Dataflow, slowly changing dimension, Loop container file Enumerator, Parameters, Variables and Setup Lookups. Conditional Split, Derived Column, Lookup for data scrubbing, validation checks during staging, before loading data into the data warehouse.
Experience data profiling, ETL testing in Error handling and debugging coding issues, automate packages/Project deployment and troubleshoot production problems.
Experience on using Report Builder and SSRS for paginated reports.
Experience in Embed reports in share point online, publish to web share to users and subscribers.
Creating and managing missing Indexes and optimized queries.
Maintain the structure and security of Power BI workspaces to support business goals.
Experience in SSIS package deployment automation and scheduling using SQL server Agent job.
SKILLS
MS SQL Server-SQL(SSMS)
SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS)
SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)
SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS)
Power-BI
Business Requirements
Database DDL, DML, DTS, ETL, MDX, OLAP, OLTP, Power Query
T-SQL, XML, Office Packages, Business Analysis
Database Design and Data Modeling SqlDBM and lucid chart
Report and dashboard development
ETL/ ELT
Scripting language DAX, SQL MDX, XML
ERWin
Data Analysis
Azure
MS-Office
Python
Qlik
.NET Framework (C# and/or VB)
Adobe
Tuning advisory, maintained plan.
Azure Devops Team Foundation server and GIT

Education
Bachelor’s degree

Professional experience
SQL BI Developer
CNA Insurance Company - Jan. 2018 – Present

Responsibilities
Develop multiple Schemas to build cube using the fact and Dimensional tables, perform processing and Deployed the cubes to SQL Server analysis Services database.
Develop and code SQL stored procedures, Functions, Views, Triggers and SSIS\ETL packages utilizing our onsite data warehouse and other appropriate data sources that meet provided specifications.
Collaborate with BI developers on data warehouse changes to support requirements.
Created several fact tables, dimensions, measure calculated measures using DAX and SQL script
Build relationships with business intelligence partners to understand data needs to execute with excellence on documented user requirements and technical understanding of services and database design.
Developing Power bi reports, bookmarks, slice and dice reports, filters, visual interactions.
Embed reports in share point online, publish to web share to users and subscribers.
Convert and replicate existing Excel and SSRS reports to Power BI reports and automate manual reporting processes.
Work directly with business stakeholders to understand their requirements and develop datasets, reports, and dashboards in Power BI that meet their goals.
Combine and normalize data from multiple on-premises and cloud data sources.
Published Power BI Reports and Dashboards available in Web clients and mobile apps.
Created Complex ETL Packages using SSIS to extract data from Staging tables to Partitioned tables with incremental load using Visual Studio.
Identified the data sources and created source to target mapping documents to be used by the packages in SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS).
Extracting and Transforming data (ETL) from various heterogeneous sources and creating packages using SSIS, Import, Export Data and Bulk Insert.
performing various SSIS data transformation Setup Lookups, looping container file enumerator, Parameters, Variables, Event Handlers.
Developed and maintained ETL Mappings for loading Fact tables, Aggregate fact tables, Slow Changing dimensions, and Staging table.
Developed Multi-Dimensional objects using SSAS. And Power BI
Create reports in SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) and assist internal customers with report issues.
Developed different kind of reports such a Sub Reports, Charts, Matrix reports, linked reports using SSRS.
Develop data extraction, summarization and ad-hoc query requests as required by the business requirement.
Work with internal and external clients to understand business requirements and ensure the required business functionality of each data element is met.
Configure SMTP Server for database Mail setup and received Alerts for the threshold values and error handler notifications.
Handle new implementation, changes to existing layouts/data load code, automation development, performance optimization and database maintenance like indexing and fragmentation.
Collaborative development team experience using TFS (Team Foundation Server) for scrum agile process.
Performed DBA tasks like Backup, Restore of tables and Stored Procedures and Refresh Database on weekly basis.
SQL BI Developer
Keyline Company - Oct. 2014 – Nov. 2017

Responsibilities
Generated periodic reports based on the statistical analysis of the data from various time frame and division using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)
Developed various operational Parametrized Drill-through and Drill-down reports using SSRS.
Developed different kind of reports such a Sub Reports, Charts, Matrix reports, Linked reports.
Collaborate with technical and business users to develop and maintain enterprise-wide solutions and standards to provide data required for metrics and analysis.
Develop ETL interfaces using SSIS, Data marts/cubes using SSAS and enterprise reports using SSRS and Power bi.
Perform quality checks on reports and extracts to ensure exceptional quality and result consistency.
Designing visual reports based on business requirements on standard reporting analysis tools like Power BI and SSRS.
Develop tabular, multidimensional models compatible to warehouse standards Developing reports, dashboards and KPI scorecards.
Developed and Optimized Stored Procedures, Views, and User-Defined Functions.
Created logical data model using SqlDBM and SSMS Diagram.
Developed data models and created DML scripts to create database schema and database objects.
Developed Performed Debugging on the Stored procedures for the requirement to handle the errors.
Development of custom scripts and stored procedures for data import and manipulation
Use of T-SQL for developing complex stored procedures, triggers, tables, user functions, user profiles, relational database models and data integrity, SQL joins and query writing.
Create ETL used SSIS packages to Validate, Extract, Transform and Load data to data warehouse and data marts.
Development of custom scripts and stored procedures for data import and manipulation.
Create and maintain Structured Query Language (SQL) Server Integration Services (SSIS) packages.
Migrated data from Heterogeneous Data Sources and legacy system (DB2, Access, Excel) to SQL Server databases using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS).
Configuring gateways for automate refreshing datasets of reports dashboards and applications in power bi web service as per the business requirements and transaction frequency.
Involved with Query Optimization to increase the performance of the Report.
Maintain Database and Log Backups and Scheduling Backups.
Fine-tuned SQL queries to improve query performance and to reduce runtime.
Designed Database Maintenance Planner for the Performance of SQL Server, covers Database Integrity Checks, Update Database Statistics and Re-indexing.
Contact this candidate