KEERTHI R
adkni1@r.postjobfree.com

*+ years of experience in IT industry and Passionate about working with Data cleaning, analyzing and visualizing. Actively looking for Full-time position where my technical skills, hard work and desire to work enthusiastically in a team will contribute to achieve the goals of the organization.

CERTIFICATIONS
Analyzing and Visualizing Data with Power BI
AWS Solution Architect Associate
Python Certification by Data Camp
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Business Intelligence Tools
Power BI, Tableau, SSIS, SSRS, (DAX Language)
Databases
MySQL, Microsoft SQL Server, T-SQL
Programming Languages
Java, Python
Cloud Platforms
Azure, AWS, Azure Data Factory
Web Technology
HTML, CSS, JavaScript
Operating Systems
Windows, Linux

WORK EXPERIENCE

Anthem Inc, Atlanta April 2020- Feb 2021
DATA ANALYST
Anthem, Inc., Leader of Healthcare & Insurance. Collected streaming data from industries and stored them in Microsoft Azure. Created visuals for exploratory data analyses and created dashboards using Power BI.
Published Power BI Reports to the required departments and Made Power BI Dashboards available in Web clients.
Expert in using different Power BI functionalities and Power BI DAX queries. Designed, implemented and developed analytics solutions using Microsoft Power BI.
Expert knowledge of Microsoft Power BI Visuals, Data modelling, and transformation techniques.
Co-ordinated with SQL Developers in implementing and continuously improving processes for converting data from one system to another. Designed data modelling/analysis services used to applications for knowledge and information that enhance business processes.
Expertise in writing complex SQL queries and query optimization. Created interactive dashboards in Power BI reports, KPIs, scorecards that were presented to Business users, Program managers and End users.

Sintel Auto Parts, Atlanta Jan 2020 – April 2020
DATA ANALYST INTERN
Sintel, Inc., Auto Parts reseller company. Designed reports and dashboards for the distribution logistics.
Developed rich interactive graphics and data visualizations of large, structured data in browser-friendly formats using Tableau Desktop.
Handled database reporting needs and turn them into powerful SQL queries that will extract data and compile it into meaningful reports to analyse the business metrics.
Designed and delivered solutions that collect, transform, analyse, and report data.
Performs analysis and design by translating business requirements and developing reporting and dashboard solutions that yield relevant business information in a user-friendly format.
Develop story telling dashboards in Tableau Desktop and published them on to Tableau Server.
Generated Dashboards with Quick filters, Parameters and sets to handle views more efficiently.

Infosys Ltd, Chennai Jan 2018 – Dec 2018
SYSTEM ANALYST
Data Manifesto is a team which delivers data reports to the business user as per their requirements.
Developed a reusable code snippet using python that delivers reports in CSV or Excel format and can deliver in different modes such as email and AWS S3
Data is exchanged among the cross teams in columnar file formats like parquet or ORC.
Input parameters are stored in a json file. Different reports are generated with minimal changes.
Wrote and executed various MySQL database queries from Python using Python-MySQL.
Good experience of software development in Python (libraries used: libraries- NumPy, Matplotlib, Pandas data frame, urllib2, MySQL for database connectivity) and IDEs - PyCharm, Eclipse, Jupiter Notebook

ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Analysis of COVID cases Using Power BI Jan 2020 – May 2020
Used Web as a data source and extracted the covid data from various websites and used Power Query to clean and transform the web source data
Reports were Created by incorporating concepts such as Drill through and Drill down also Published the report in Power BI Service and share it across the student’s community with Row Level security.
Analysis of International Students Admission Rate Using SSRS Aug 2019 – Dec 2019
Fetched data from university database and created SSRS reports with rich visuals
Successfully developed front end web base dashboard with trending data and demographic charts with drill downs functions that displays a breakdown of international students.
EDUCATION
SOUTHERN ARKANSAS UNIVERSITY
Master of Science in computer and information science
ANNA UNIVERSITY
Bachelor of Science in computer Science
3.7/4.0

8.1/10
Magnolia, AR
May 2020
Chennai, India
May 2018
Contact this candidate