Summary

Expertise in creating and developing stunning dashboards with different Business Intelligence tools (Power BI, Tableau).
Proficient in Developing SSIS Packages to Extract, Transform, and Load (ETL) data into the Data warehouse from Heterogeneous databases such as Oracle, DB2, SQL Server, and MS Access.
Proficient in data manipulation and reporting tools with demonstrated highly skilled knowledge of SSMS, TSQL, SSIS, SSRS, Power BI.
Built analytical solutions including dashboards, data visualizations, digital analytics, and dynamic reporting to support decision making using BI tools, SQL, SSRS.
Experienced in writing T-SQL scripts for performing automation tasks, performed and fine-tuned Stored Procedures and SQL queries, and User-Defined Functions.
Experienced in developing ad-hoc and data-driven subscription reports using Report Builder.
Experienced in designing and implementing REST APIs for the applications.
Designed, implemented, and maintained various .Net applications within all phases of the SDLC.
Certified AWS Developer Associate and Certified AWS Solutions Architect.
Experience working with Agile methodology.

Technical Skills

Business Intelligence
Power BI, Tableau, Sisense, Hawkeye
Languages
Java, SQL, C#, VB .Net, CSS, HTML 5, JavaScript, Bootstrap, R Programming
Process Automation
Nintex (Workflows & Forms), SharePoint Framework, SharePoint Designer
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
S3, DynamoDB, SQS, SNS, SWS, AWS Elastic Beanstalk, AWS CloudFormation.
Version Control
Git, SVN
Development IDEs
Visual Studio, Android SDK, Eclipse, NetBeans
Atlassian Tools
JIRA, Confluence, Bitbucket, SourceTree
Database
Oracle, SQL Server, MS Access, Informatica
Operating Systems
Windows, Mac OS, Linux

Experience

Special School District of St. Louis County, MO Sep 2017 – Current
Programmer Analyst
Generated multiple Enterprise reports using SSRS and Power BI from SQL Server Database (OLTP) and included various reporting features such as group by, drill-downs, drill through, sub-reports, navigation reports (Hyperlink), etc.
Designed complex analytical dashboards featuring Document Chaining, Cascading Filters, and Parameters.
Created dynamic tables and analytical chart objects to evaluate financials using Power BI.
Developed interactive dashboards, KPIs, operational reporting, and analysis for Student and Employee Data. Built complex scripts using Power BI DAX library functions and expressions.
Performed data migration tasks including ETL transformations (SQL, C# scripts) using SSIS packages.
Worked with Metadata Driven SSIS Packages to extract data from heterogeneous data sources and loaded them into Datamarts.
Migrated SSIS Packages and SSRS reports from SQL Server 2012 to SQL Server 2016.
Created, Maintained & Scheduled various reports in SSRS including Drill down, Drill through, and Parameterized Reports.
Configured and Deployed all the Reports (RDL, RDS) across various SDLC environments.
Created Charts, Tabular, and Matrix reports using SSRS and Power BI, with Drill Down and Dill Through features.
Designed and developed monitoring solutions using Power BI, REST API, and SSIS to alert and create JIRA tickets in an event of failure.
Scheduled and maintained various SQL Server agent jobs.
Designed and Developed 3 Tier Architecture (Source Layer, Transformation Layer, Presentation Layer).
Helped in decision-making and contract development processes.
Coordinated user-training activities and developed FAQ's and answers to aid users.
Worked on POCs and Mock-up wireframes presentations for Client and Senior Management.
Secured multiple .Net applications using third party and OAuth authentication.
Developed and managed various .Net applications to process student data.
Participated in daily agile meetings with the development team and senior architect.

Northwest Missouri State University, MO Apr 2016 – Dec 2016
Graduate Research Assistant

Migrated an actual desktop website into a mobile site.
Implemented UX/UI designs into functional user interfaces.
Assisted in evaluating and designing phases of the research projects.
Developed UI mock-ups, flow diagrams, and interactive prototypes.

Idea Labs, Hyderabad, India Mar 2014 – Aug 2015
Programmer Intern

Developed Java solutions based upon defined specifications.
Responsible for conducting analysis and study of complex system requirements.
Responsible for testing and improving system performances.
Developed the look and feel of the application using HTML and CSS.
Responsible for performing CRUD operations in Oracle DB.

Education

Professional Master of Business Administration Present Campbellsville University, Louisville, KY
Master of Science in Applied Computer Science Dec 2016 Northwest Missouri State University, Maryville, MO
Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science Apr 2015
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, India

Certifications
AWS Certified Developer – Associate Level
(Validation Number: GQ3E05SKLJFQ13KV)

AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Associate Level
(Validation Number: H5GP5L11DEBQQD9H)
Contact this candidate