NIKHIL KUMAR TIWARI
Mob-+916*********
adkv5i@r.postjobfree.com
Add-C3 KAMAL ENCLAVE NOIDA

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Having 3 years of experience as BI Developer.
Having experience of working TSQL, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS Tabular, Multidimensional and DAX
Having good experience on building reports in POWER BI
Having Good Experience in Setting Data Gateways.
Knowledge of Azure Data Factory, Azure Devops etc.
Have Good Experience of Working on Power BI Service.
Involved in the designing of dimensional Model using Kimball methodology and having good knowledge on data-warehouse concepts.
Good knowledge of Advance Excel.
Good Knowledge of PL-SQL, Oracle 11g.
Passed Microsoft power BI certification exam 70-778

Qualification
Year
Institution
Percentage
B. Tech (Computer Science and Engineering)
2014-2018
IEC College of Engineering and Technology,AKTU
71%
CBSE (Class XII)
2014
City Public School
87.6%
CBSE (Class X)
2012
City Public School
CGPA-10.0
EDUCATIONAL TIMELINE

WORK EXPERIENCE (APRIL 2018 TILL PRESENT)

BI DEVELOPER- Webhelp India Private Limited (Current Organization)
MSBI Consultant- Exceliun Solutions Pvt Ltd. (Previous Organization)
Certified from Microsoft in Analyzing and Visualizing data with Microsoft Power BI 70-778.
Certified SQL Developer from NIIT .

Project#1

Report Title : Yesterday News and AAH
Client Name : IKEA UK AND IKEA US
Tools Used : SQL SERVER 2018, Excel, SSIS
Duration : Oct 2020 till present

Project Description:
The Project contains the following reports
Yesterday News and AAH .
Telephony Data for Agents of the Webhelp is analysed.
KPI’S like AHT,On Call Duration,Hold time,Lunch,Break,Wrap Duration etc are Calculated and forecasting the data as well.

Responsibilities:

●Worked with the business analysts on functional requirements
●Created SSIS packages to upload and validate the source data from various excel files and SQL server
●Used Inmon modelling.
●Used Stored procedures to transform and cleanse the data
●Used SQL server agent to automate the running of SSIS packages overnight
●Deployment and testing of complete project
●Created SQL server Agent Job to upload data into staging Database to Extract Database and to warehouse Database and to the Mart Database.
Project#2

Report Title : Finance and Sales Module (Freelance Project)
Client Name : Nippon Data Systems
Tools Used : SQL SERVER 2016, Power BI
Duration : Dec 2020 till present
About Company:

NIPPON DATA SYSTEMS LIMITED is a provider of IT enabled business solutions which provide our clients competitive business advantage. We partner with our customers to deliver business solutions to their satisfaction and help them ‘Live Your Enterprise Potential™’. We take pride in conducting business with the highest degree of ethics and treat each transaction with fairness and honesty.

Project#3

Report Title : Asset Management in Real Estate
Client Name : Acquisory Consulting LLP
Tools Used : SQL SERVER 2016, Power BI, SSIS
Duration : June 2019 till present

About Company:
Acquisory was founded in 2010, by highly credentialed professionals with specialized experience across M&A Advisory, Operations & Risk Consulting, Asset Management, Financial Accounting, Audit and Process Reengineering.

Project Description:
The Project contains the following reports Project details and area statements, Flat sold, Collection in Comparison to demand, Cancellation, Sales Velocity, Realization Rate, Debtor Aging, Cost Incurred, Cash inflow and outflow Project IRR, Lender IRR .

Responsibilities:

●Worked with the business analysts on functional requirements
●Created SSIS packages to upload and validate the source data from various excel files and SQL server
●Used Kimball dimensional modelling to create star schema
●Used Stored procedures to transform and cleanse the data
●Build data model using primary keys, foreign keys and surrogate keys for creating the relationship.
●Created views for dimensions and fact tables
●Used SQL server agent to automate the running of SSIS packages overnight
●Used SSAS tabular model create cube
●Used DAX to do various calculations like percentage, ratios, month & year cumulative totals
●Created trigger to automate the views.
●Created Power BI reports using SSAS tabular model
●Deployment and testing of complete project
●Used SQL server views directly in Power BI to build reports & dashboards
●As per requirements developed the reports in the form of Matrix, Table and Chart using POWER BI.
●Created many running totals and YTD (Year to date) DAX calculation
In the data model
●Implemented Sub totals, Aggregations and applied various formations.
●Scheduled reports for monthly reports for executives, Business analyst and customer representatives for various categories and regions based on business needs using MICROSOFT POWER BI.
●Implemented Row level security on company level and region level on Power Bi services.
●Implemented Gateway to provide the security of on premises datasets and scheduling the refresh of datasets.
●Created SQL server Agent Job to upload data into staging area an populate star schema

Project#4
Report Title : Retail Analysis
Client Name : Plentymarkets
Tools Used : Power BI, SQL SERVER 2016, SSIS
Duration : October 2018 to May 2019

About Company:
Plentymarkets is an all-in-one e-commerce solution “made in Germany”. Plentymarkets began as a customized eBay solution for a few retailers in 2001 and continued growing quickly since then, adding more and more features. The software combines a comprehensive stock management system with a versatile shop system and effortless multichannel sales.
Project Description:

This report analyze retail sales data of items sold across multiple markets in different regions and countries. The metrics compare this year’s performance to last year’s in these areas: sales, units, and variance. The target sales of each item is also being made according to the net sales price.

Responsibilities:
Working with the business analysts to finalize the functional requirements
Created SSIS packages to upload data from CSV and excel files
Used Kimball dimensional modeling to create star schema
Creating / modifying stored procedures and views
Used DAX language to create various calculations
Created Power BI reports
Deployment and testing of complete project
As per requirements developed the reports in the form of Matrix, Table and Chart using POWER BI.
Extensively used Derive Column, Row Count, Data Conversion, Conditional Split and Aggregate.
Implemented Sub totals, Aggregations and applied various formations.
Scheduled reports for daily, weekly, monthly reports for executives, Business analyst and customer representatives for various categories and regions based on business needs using MICROSOFT POWER BI.
Development & Deployment of various Packages with SQL Server Integration Services 2016.
GROUP TRAINING

April 2018 to September 2018

Group training in Kimball The data warehouse tool kit, dimensional modelling, Kimbal ETL Toolkit, SQL server, InTrain
PROFESSIONAL SKILL SET

Having 3 year of IT experience in which the training is being given by the experts in Microsoft Business Intelligence.
Hands on experience in development of Reports using Power BI Services.
Hands on experience on Power BI Desktop.
Using Power BI Desktop for data visualization through various charts such as bar charts, line charts, scatter plots, pie charts, packed bubbles and custom charts.
Created Customized and interactive dashboards using multiple data sources.
Training in Kimball dimensional Modelling
Hands on experience in Microsoft SQL Server 2016.
Scheduled and executed SSIS Packages using SQL Server Agent.
Experience on SSAS tabular and Multidimensional Model.
Expertise in Microsoft SQL databases.
Working knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite.
Expertise knowledge of Microsoft Excel.
Effective communication skills and team building qualities.
Good Knowledge of Data Warehousing Concepts.
Good Knowledge of DAX to implement Calculated Columns and Measures.
Knowledge on SQL/PL-SQL programming in Oracle 11g.
Knowledge on writing Packages, Stored procedures, Functions, Cursors.
EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES

Listening to Good Quality Songs playing Outdoor games especially Cricket and reading.
Loves Data and its Management
Watching Cricket Matches between Good Sporting Teams.

PERSONAL PROFILE

Name : Nikhil Kumar Tiwari
Gender : Male
Date of Birth : 8 June, 1996
Nationality : Indian
Contact this candidate