Vaishnavi
adl8gf@r.postjobfree.com
512-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

Over 7+ years of IT experience focusing on Data warehousing, Data modeling, Data integration, Data Migration, ETL process and Business Intelligence. Deep understanding of the Data Warehousing SDLC and architecture of ETL, reporting and BI tools. Extensive experience in analyzing all types of SQL databases, develop and maintain high quality reports for various business groups using multiple technologies and sourcing data from various systems.Adept at database management mining specific data from SQL and highly experienced extracting, transforming, and loading the data into databases using SSIS.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Databases
MS SQL Server 2005/2008R2/2012/2014/2016, Oracle 10g/11g, Oracle 12c, Teradata
Development Tools
SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS), SQL Server Data Tools, Visual Studio, SQL Developer, Teradata SQL Assistant.
Reporting Tools
SAP Crystal Reports, SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) 2008R2/2016, Power BI.
ETL Tools
SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), Data Transformation Services (DTS).
Languages
C#, VB.Net, VBA, T-SQL, PL/SQL, Reg-Ex, Windows Shell Scripts, Jil Scrips (Autosys).
Data Encryption
SafeNet, Vormetric, TDE/nCipher
Data Transmission
IBM Connect Direct NDM, sFTP.
Job Schedulers
Autosys, SQL Agent.
Source Control
Visual Source Safe, Team Foundation Server (TFS), GitHub.
Defect Tracker
ALM, Jira.
Deployment Tools
Jenkins, UDeploy
Others
MS-Excel, MS-Word, WinMerge, 7-zip, Notepad++, Active Directories.

EDUCATION:
Master of science in EE
Bachelor of Technology
CERTIFICATIONS:
Oracle Database 12c: SQL Fundamentals

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Client: Wells Fargo, San Antonio, TX Feb '2018 - Present
Role: SQL Developer

Responsibilities:
Acts in the highest-level technical role as an individual and / or team lead for the most complex applications.
Worked with enterprise architect and developed software development life cycle, technical design documentation.
Created complex Stored Procedures, Triggers, Functions, Indexes, Tables, Views and other T-SQLcode and SQL joins for applications.
Analyzed data contained in the corporate database and identify data integrity issues with existing and proposed systems.
Written Complex stored procedures to load the form tables from the client data. Created indexes and keys to improve database performance, Optimized the stored procedures.
Written CTE's, Table variables, Functions, triggers, views as per the requirement
Analyzed the database tables and created Facts and Dimensions. Created ODS and BI database as per the functional documentation.
Experience in Logical & Physical modeling using the Dimensional Modeling techniques such as Star Schema and Snowflake Schema.
Writing Dynamic SQL Queries based on metadata and Implemented stored procedures with CTE, Cursor, Temp tables and other SQL objects to load multiple sources to target tables.
Using all kinds of SQL Server Constraints. Writing Complex T-SQL Queries, Sub queries, Co-related sub queries.
Developed, Implemented & Maintained the Conceptual, Logical & Physical Data models using Erwin.
Worked on NDM/Direct connect to send and receive files.
Used TFS& GITHUB for storing code and packages. Good knowledge on checking in and checking out the code, creating branches and merging code changes.
Used Jenkins/Udeploy tool to build and deploy code to various environments.
Participated in code review and Coordinating with offshore team about requirements and defects.
Provided support for job failures and worked on various monthly production support items as required.
Participate in weekly meetings with the IT team to discuss progress and issues to be resolved, and report progress on a weekly basis.
Training users about the system and explaining the relational structure to Business owners, Managers
Conducted design review sessions with Managers and users to track the progress of project and deadlines.
Created procedures to initialize process, check landing data, error handling and procedure logging.
Involved in entire testing (Negative/Positive) phases and updating and debugging code.
Documenting low level Designs and Maintaining Change request /Incident documentation.

Client: D&W Fine Pack LLC, Wood Dale, IL Jan '2017-Jan 2018
Role: SQL Developer

Responsibilities:

Involved in complete Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) process by analyzing business requirements and understanding the functional workflow of information from source systems to destination systems.
Designed new reports and wrote technical documentation, gathered requirements, analyzed data, designed complex reports from different data sources such as SQL Database and Cubes.
Created and executed SQL queries and scripts to validate data movement and generate expected results for UAT.
Involved in project cycle plan for the data warehouse, analyzing the source data, deciding the exact data extraction, transformation, loading strategy &Dimensional modeling Backup & recovery.
Created Database Objects – Schemas, Tables, Indexes, Views, User defined functions, Cursors, Triggers, Stored Procedure, Constraints and Roles.
Experience in Logical modeling using the Dimensional Modeling techniques such as Star Schema and Snowflake Schema.
Involved in complete SSIS life cycle in creating SSIS packages, building, deploying and executing the packages in both the environments (Development and Production)
Used various Transformations in SSIS Dataflow, Control Flow using for loop Containers, and Fuzzy Lookups etc.
Implemented Event Handlers and Error Handling in SSIS packages.
Created and maintained SSIS ETL packages to extract data from different sources consolidate and merge into one single source using Various SSIS Tasks like Execute SQL Task, bulk insert task, data flow task, file system task, send mail task, active script task, xml task.
Created Staging database for temporary processing of data, consolidating data and loading database using Integration Services.
Scheduled jobs to execute SSIS packages, which were developed to update database objects daily and maintained nightly loads of data by creating the corresponding tasks.
Created stored procedures, views, triggers, user defined functions to incorporate the flow of business and called various stored procedures from SSIS to make the flow of SSIS effective.
Designed and created Report templates, bar graphs and pie charts based on the financial data using SSRS 2012/2014.
Involved in scheduling, creating snapshots and subscriptions for the reports using SSRS 2008.
Involved in designing Parameterized Reports and Report Models for generating Ad-hoc reports as per the client requirements.
Experienced in writing complex SQL Queries, Stored Procedures, Triggers, Views, Joins, Constraints, DDL, DML and User Defined Functions to implement the business logic and also created clustered and non-clustered indexes.
Involved in Normalization and De-Normalization of existing tables for faster query retrieval.
Advised optimization of queries by looking at Execution Plan for better tuning of the database.
Created SQL Server Reports using SSRS 2012/2014.Identified the data source and defined them to build the data source views.
Used DDL and DML for writing triggers, stored procedures to check the data entry and payment verification.
Transformed and combined the data using Query Editor in the Power BI.
Created Power BI Visualizations and Dashboards as per the requirements.
Worked on creating and maintaining SSAS Databases which includes creating new Cubes, Dimensions, and Calculated Measures, Partitioning and building MDX queries.
Utilized Microsoft team foundation server (TFS) to manage the teams software development lifecycle.
Involved in the Unit Testing of the reports and preparing the Test cases
Used GitHub for version control, source control and reporting

Client: Vertafore, East Lansing, MI Jan '2015-Dec 2016
Role: SQL Developer

Responsibilities:

Worked on Full life cycle development (SDLC) involving in all stages of development.
Involved in system study, analyze the requirements by meeting the client and designingthe complete system.
Responsible for identifying client and organizational needs and providing suitable system based solutions.
Generated and formatted Reports using Global Variables, Expressions and Functions for the reports. Designed and implemented stylish report layouts.
Identified and worked with Parameters for parameterized reports in SSRS 2008/2012.
Generated SSRS Reports involving different features like Reports, Sub-Reports, Drilldown, Drill-Through, Charts, Filters, Multi-valued parameters and linked reports in SSRS.
Involved in developing ETL for loading data into Database.
Created SSIS Packages to load variety of large volume data into data warehouse from different sources like CSV files, Text files and Excel Spreadsheets.
Creating Packages on SSIS by using different Data Transformations like Derived Column, Conditional Split, Pivot, Multicast, Sort and Execute SQL Task to load data into data warehouse.
Used SQL server reporting services (SSRS) delivering enterprise, web-enabled reporting to create reports that draw content from a variety of data sources.
Designed and created report models based on users’ requirements, explained and trained users to use report builder to generate their own personalized reports.
Deploying and scheduling Reports using SSRS to generate all daily, weekly, monthly and quarterly Reports including current status. Used Reporting Services (SSRS) to schedule reports to be generated on predetermined time.
Developed Cascading Reports for Employee Reports, Ad-hoc Reports using Report Builder, SQL server Reporting Services (SSRS) 2012/2008.
Attended status meetings and took active role in initiating bug triage meetings when necessary.
Facilitated Sprint Planning, Daily Scrum Stand Up, and Sprint Retrospective meetings.
Created Test Plans, Test Cases, and Test Scripts for all testing events such as System Integration Testing (SIT), User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and Unit Integration Testing.
Created and executed SQL queries and scripts to validate data movement and generate expected results for UAT.
Involved in project cycle plan for the data warehouse, analyzing the source data, deciding the exact data extraction, transformation, loading strategy & Dimensional modeling. Backup & recovery.
Created Database Objects – Schemas, Tables, Indexes, Views, User defined functions, Cursors, Triggers, Stored Procedure, Constraints and Roles.
Experience in Logical modeling using the Dimensional Modeling techniques such as Star Schema and Snow Flake Schema.
Created Drill-down, Drill-through and Sub drill down reports -Report using RDL. Promoted RDLs to Reporting Service Server.
Perform Business Process Automation (BPA) to reduce operational costs and enhance quality of customer deliveries.
Maintain SVN repository, deploy code base to QA, UAT, dry-run environments as requested.

Client: Wright State University, Dayton, OH Dec '2013-Dec 2014
Role: Graduate Assistant

Responsibilities:
Improved the performance of jobs by fine tuning complex queries.
Analyzeand validatedatacollated fromdiversesourcesusingstatisticaltoolsto ensuredataquality.
WroteTSQLscriptsto manipulatedatabyusingjoinsandsub queries.
Workedon exportingreportsinmultipleformatsincludingMSWord,Excel, CSVandPDF.

References will be provided up on request.
Contact this candidate