EVVasu Pendyala
256-***-****
adlt7z@r.postjobfree.com
Career Overview
* ***** ** ********** ** software developer providing solutions and prediction analysis to different clientele
Experienced in various Business Intelligence solution tools like SAP Business Objects data suite, Power BI, Qlik and Tableau.
Passionate in Visual story telling using various Business Intelligence tools
Managed multiple teams onshore and offshore to deliver projects within short deadlines
Expertise in SAP Data Services 4.x, SAP Business Objects 4.x(4.0, 4.1,4.2), XI3.1 reporting application along with SAP HANA 1.0 and Data Modeling
Proficient in Business Objects tools – Universe Designer, Web Intelligence, Crystal Reports, Xcelsius, Live Office, Info View, Data Integrator, data federator.
Knowledge on various data visualization and dashboard applications like Power BI, Tableau and QlikSense.
Expertise in QlikSense Development, Architecture, optimization and QlikSense SDLC and governance.
Responsible in building powerful data visualizations for users which also serves as self-service visualizations to look into analytics on the go
Connected different ODBC, OLE DB data sources (SQL Server, Oracle) and flat files to create and schedule different complex reports as per given business requirement by leveraging the basic components of Different kinds of BI Tools.
Have worked against different data bases like Snowflake, Azure, Data lake, Oracle, SQL Server, Sybase, Teradata, SAP HANA
Expertise in Design, Development and Deployment of Reports, Visualizations and interactive story telling using tools like Business Objects, Power BI, Qlik & Tableau
Finding solutions for Corporate reporting requirements and involved in a full life cycle implementation of SAP BI/BO (OLAP/OLTP environments), Power BI & Qlik
Worked in all phases of BW/BI SDLC including analysis, design, development, testing, deployment, post-production support/maintenance, documentation and end-user training.
Experienced in interacting with business users to analyze the business process and requirements and transforming requirements into screens, designing database, documenting and rolling out the deliverable
Good Communication and Interpersonal skills. Technically depth, Result-Oriented with strong Problem-solving skills. Innovative & efficient. Capable of working as a Team Member or Individually with minimum supervision

Technical Skills

OLAP: SAP Business Objects XI (CMC, Designer, Reporting) 3.1/4.0/4.1/4/2, Web Intelligence XI/3.1/4.0/4.0, Info View, Dashboard Manager, Crystal Reports 2008/2011, Xcelsius, Tableau, SAP Lumira (Discovery/ designer), Power BI (Until December 2020), QlikView (11/12),QlikSense (Nov 2018,Feb 2019, Nov 2019), N printing (Nov 2018,Feb 2019, Nov 2019)
Databases / RDBMS: Oracle 11g/10g/9i, SQL Server 2008/2005, Sybase, Teradata, MS Access, SAP HANA 1.0, Amazon redshift, AWS Cloud, Big data.
Programming Language: SQL, PL/SQL, UNIX Shell scripting, Java Script, NoSQL, Python, DAX, M Query
Data Modeling: SAP HANA Studio, QlikSense, QlikView, Power BI, SAP BODS
ETL Tools: SAP Business Objects Data services 4.0, Informatica Power center 8.1/9.1,
Operating System: Linux, Windows NT/2000/2003/XP/7, Solaris 10, Azure

Educational Background

Bachelors in Electronic and Communication Engineering.
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University – Hyderabad, India

Maters in Electronic and Computers Engineering.
Southern Illinois University – Carbondale, IL

Work Experience

Sr. Data Visualization Lead
Client: MSA, Pittsburgh March 2019 – Current
Working with Stake holders and collaborating with senior management, subject matter experts, and IT teams to define business requirements
Worked as an Individual and also as a team to create effective stories and content that reach target audience.
Implemented end to end Migration project using Power BI for one of fortune 500 companies.
Handled multiple data analytics projects simultaneously with different environments and databases
Produced Power BI data models and recommended best practices for the creation of reports and graphics/visualizations.
Tune and optimize existing Business Intelligence (Power BI & Tableau) reports and dashboards and re-modelled existing data to suit existing data atmosphere
Created and designed foundation for all Power BI data models flowing through Azure Data bricks and Azure Portal
Maintained data in Azure Portal for cost effective solutions for a long-lasting project.
Data Modeling of new structures per current structures in Data Lake for implementing reporting Structural requirements & New data structure determination
Alignment to Altria Data Lake Coding Standards & conventions
Worked on AD-Hoc reports as well as candid reporting on Live data
Created data analytics in Databricks and Originated the data in different database like Snowflake and ADLS
Created views on Snowflake Database for easy access to large calculations which we would help the performance of the reports / Visuals
Implemented and integrated Power BI with different databases by setting up Gateway connections
Develop and review Preliminary dashboard design with Stakeholders and implement their feedback into scope
Worked on creating new reports and dashboard against databases like Snowflake, SAP HANA using tools like Tableau, SAP Business objects suite (IDT,WEBI)
Environment: Azure Databricks, Azure Data lake storage, Power BI (Until March 2021), Snowflake, SharePoint extracted files, Snowflake, Amazon RedShift, SAP HANA, Oracle, SQL Server, SAP BO 4.2,Tableau.

Sr. Data Visualization Consultant/QlikSense Consultant
Client: Delta Dental of Virginia, VA June’2019-June 2020
Responsibilities
Working Closely with the Business users, Data owners and understand the Business Requirements
Created Data visualization and dashboards in QlikSense while creating data models for different segments of business
Worked for Claims, Underwriting, Billing and different business segments and created reports using Nprinting
Created incremental load process to load the data into QlikSense applications from different source systems
Scheduled the jobs and distributed to end users from QMC.
Experience in database programming, SQL, Tables, Views, Indexes, Joins, and Sub - Queries.
Trained end users to develop and use QlikView and QlikSense applications.
Created QlikView & QlikSense dashboards using different objects like List Boxes, Multi Boxes, Pie charts, Line charts, Funnel charts, Scatter charts, Bar charts, Combo charts, Straight tables, Pivot tables, Buttons, Containers.
Involved in performance tuning of QlikView & QlikSense apps for faster data reloads and efficient response times.
Involved in designing the data models, extract & transform the data from heterogeneous data sources like QVD files, Excel, SQL Server, Oracle, binary QVW, Inline & txt files in creating the QlikSense dashboards.
Handled applications performance tuning, including maintenance & upgrades of applications and systems.
Created an extension to use Nprinting reports accessible directly from QlikSense Apps.
Build ad-hoc reports for business data analysis based on end user requirements & distribute reports to end users
Integrated QlikSense dashboards to different kinds of portals (API’s) to be used by various teams
Developed reports in QlikView and in NPrinting and emailed the reports to end users.
Environment: QlikSense Feb 2018/November 2019, Oracle, Flat files, Excel files, XML files, Microsoft SQL Server, Power BI, Microsoft Azure data lake

Sr. Business Intelligence / Data Visualization Consultant
Client: Penn State Health and College of Medicine, Hershey’s, PA December’2018-June’2019
Responsibilities
Working Closely with the Solution Manager, Business users, Data owners and understand the Business Requirements
Worked on the existing Data warehouse to understand the existing business views and database schemas/ETL Process
Arranged walkthrough sessions with the user group and to confirm that all the requirements have been captured and obtained sign off on the requirements documents.
Prepared detailed Business requirement documentation, including the Technical speciation’s mapping the functional requirements to BOBJ technical fields.
Worked on updating the existing universes, adding additional Views, contexts/alias tables, adding more objects to the business layer
Created several complex Tabular and Graphical AD-HOC reports using WEBI application on top of the existing universes to report Daily/Monthly data
Extensively used combined queries, multiple queries complex query filters to retrieve data from multiple universes and fetch the results to present the user requirement (stories) as valuable effective reports
Designed and implemented the Incremental Loading using QVDs so that instead of reloading the entire data from the database, QlikView would only load the data worth of one day and concatenate it to the Old Data which is already stored in QVDs.
Embedded QlikSense based application to web pages and social interaction websites
QlikSense app performance optimization.
Performance tuning by analyzing and comparing the turnaround times between SQL and QlikView /QlikSense.
Developing the QlikView and QlikSense environment and supporting the business decision process.
Creating NPrinting Reports with Dynamic PowerPoint, Excel with Disclaimers, Pixel Perfect PDF output and generating emails, News-Stand and Report for Hub.
Configuring NPrinting On Demand Extension object using Extension Objects in Qlik Sense.
Created multiple workspaces and dashboards for migration review as first set from organization
Implemented Power BI from scratch for CTO to help estimating new project to plan scope for migration
Handled multiple business units with their various requirements on the go with different data sets.
Migrated major dashboards from Qliksense and SAP to Power BI
Environment: SAP Business Objects 4.2 SP6, Information Design Tool, QlikSense /QlikView 12, SAP Lumira 2.0, Web Intelligence, Oracle 11g and Windows, Power BI

Lead Business Intelligence Consultant
Client: Bayview Asset Management, Miami, FL March’2017 – December’2018
Responsibilities
Implemented WebI Geo Maps feature from BO 4.2 to provide a list of loans with property information all over US
Linked multiple universes using IDT in 4.2 to facilitate MSP, RAMM, Service Live etc. environments to create Adhoc reports.
Extensively involved in developing Webi report publications, scheduling and monitor publications.
Experience with writing, debugging and performance tuning SQL queries using Toad and Oracle SQL Developer.
Defined contexts, aliases and used multi parse SQL in the universes to address loops and traps in order to support Ad-hoc and canned reports.
Work with business users and stake holders to understand the business requirements for an application and recommend best analytical solution based on reporting technologies available
Designed and building Semantic layers in SAP BO Universes under Data warehouse environment, developing complex canned reports and maintaining Security with SAP Business Objects
Perform data analysis on business needs and extract data mappings with respect to data warehouse
Interacted with end users in gathering requirements for various Real estate business areas: RAMM, Marketing, Live service, Full service, Component vs. Non-Component etc.
Create complex, innovative and intuitive visualization dashboards using variety of reporting technologies available and take them through full life cycle development.
Worked on QABDI implementation and created many dashboards and visualization as backend
Developed account specific reporting packages for client's customers to track their spending on employee insurance.
Enhancement of existing reports to improve performance by modifying the SQL code used in extraction of data. Involved in designing of QlikView solutions & full lifecycle implementations
Develop efficient QlikView data models using flat files, SQL 2005, MS access and Oracle
Setting up of tasks, reloading data and refreshing the applications on a scheduled basis using QlikView Management Console
Implemented section access for the applications
Developed User Interactive Sheets & Reports as business needs.
Created Dashboards style of reports using QlikView components like List Box, Slider, Buttons, Charts and Bookmarks.
Environment: SAP Business Objects 4.2, Universe Design Tool, Information Design Tool, SAP Lumira(designer/discovery), Web Intelligence, Tableau 9.X/10.X, SQL Server, Oracle 11g and Windows.

Sr. Business Intelligence Developer
Client: Lincoln Financial Group, Philadelphia, PA August 2012- Feb’2017
Responsibilities
Sr. SAP Consultant working on multiple projects as Business objects and Crystal report developer
Involving in business requirement gathering from the SMEs and report users
Implemented IBM DB2 database and Oracle 11g as the data source for Crystal Reports and BO Universe
Very good experience in BO development, Universes, Webi reports, infoview and crystal reports.
Experience in migrating the data into HANA DB
Involved with the clients to understand the business needs and coordinated with the team to achieve the needs of the business
Used HANA views (Calculated views) as source data for Lumira Reports and Dashboards
Worked on complicated Crystal reports involving Cross-Tab and Sub-reports using the two data sources
Demonstrated Business Objects BI 4.0 and Crystal Reports Enterprise to Business Users
Involved in designing and building of Universes, Classes & objects
Developed derived tables in designer to enhance the capabilities and performance of the universe
Creating local and central repositories as per client requirements.
Setup, execute, and test the assigned programs utilizing BO XI 4.0 Webi and DeskI tools
Implemented IBM DB2 database and Oracle 11g as the data source for Crystal Reports and BO Universe
Developed simple to complex report from SYBASE, ORACLE database and SAP BW using Hyperlink, Rank, Combined Queries, and Merged Dimension.
Created both single and multi-source universe using IDT Created restricted or custom LOV’s in the universe objects as per the request from the user community
Worked along with QA team to get the SIT and UAT process to be complete align with Unit Testing and perform code review
Working with User for requirements and part of the team developing the software.
Consistently attended meetings with the client subject matter experts to acquire functional business requirements.
Developed case studies to understand new product launch, promotion effectiveness, trend detections, Seasonal forecasting.
Created Scatter Plots, Stacked Bars, Box and Whisker plots using reference, Bullet charts, Heat Maps, Filled Maps and Symbol Maps according to deliverable specifications.
Use of Set analysis and aggregation functions for sheet objects.
Environment: Windows XP/7, IBM DB2, Oracle Database, Microsoft SQL Server 2008 R2, Sybase 12.X, SQL Developer, Microsoft SQL Server management studio, SAP Business objects 3.1/4.0/4.1 SP6, WEBI, Crystal reports, SAP HANA 1.0, SAP BODS 4.0, Design Studio, Xcelsius, QlikView /QlikSense, SAP Lumira, Bex-Analyzer

Sr. SAP Business Intelligence / Crystal Reports Developer
Client: Volkswagen Group of America, Auburn Hills, MI June 2011- August 2012
Responsibilities
Designed complex SAP BO Universes both in OLTP Data warehouse and OLAP environments
Involved in migration of Users, Groups, Universes, Personal Folders, Connections, Reports (Deski & Webi) from XIr2 to XI3.1 using Import Wizard
Experienced in installation, configuration and setting up the security from the scratch in the new environment (BO XI3.1)
Created new Universes from scratch to build reports in DESKI, WEBI and crystal and modified the existing Universes for performance in Business Objects XI 3.1
Involved in on site off shore models and managing off site work queue and status monitoring
Created universes against a BEx report using Information Designer (IDT)
Performed GAP Analysis between old and new data models to improvise performance
Created BO Business Intelligence Archive Resource (BIAR) files for backup and moving BI content from Development to Testing and Production environments
Designing and developing enterprise level Crystal reports to support multiple projects and business lines – developed command level, universe sourced and spread sheet sourced crystal reports.
Created crystal reports using pivots tables, groups, sub groups, complex formulas involving logic, running totals, parameters, stored procedures, and charts, cross tabs in both commands based and linked tables.
Experience using Business Objects migration (import) wizard and BIAR files to migrate reports across multiple environments –Dev, Test and Prod.
BO Performance Tuning- Optimized performance at Universe, Report, Database & Server levels
Involved in post-production support of existing crystal reports, WEBI and modifying them to make business logic changes - used Mercury Quality Center and Service Center.
Configured single sign on windows AD authentication for logging in business users
Integrated Crystal Xcelsius dashboards with Business Objects Universe using QAAWS.
Designed complex Scorecard and Dashboard and live Office in Xcelsius
Environment: Oracle Database, SQL Developer, Microsoft SQL Server management studio, WEBI, Crystal reports, Xcelsius, SAP Data Services 4.0 SP1 (Designer, Repository Manager, Management Console, Server Manage) SAP Business Objects 4.0 Suite, SAP R3, SQL Server 2008, Oracle, MS Access 2007, Windows 7, Windows NT.

Business Objects Developer / Crystal report Developer
Client: Verizon, Ashburn, VA August 2009 – May 2011
Responsibilities
Involved in the prototyping, effort estimate, User acceptance testing and user support phases of project development
Worked on Data Marts and extensively on modules CMC, Designer, Web Intelligence, Desktop Intelligence, Crystal, Crystal Xcelsius, Auditor, Infoview, Import Wizard & Report Conversion Tool
Used aggregate awareness, short-cut join, @ functions, Derived Tables at Universe Level for Query performance Enhancement
Resolved loops and traps using aliases and contexts. Created complex joins like outer joins and equi-join & theta joins and checked the integrity of the Universes
Created Complex Reports by using multiple data providers to combine 3 reports as a single Report in Deski, Webi and Crystal.
Experience in creating Dashboards using metrics and Analytics.
Responsible for building Dashboard Universe(s), Metric Reports for check points on Service Level Agreements, Predictive Analysis etc
Used JAVA SDK to customize the Infoview login page with the logo and user description according to the user requirement.
Experience in creating Xcelsius Dashboards from Microsoft Excel as a data source
Developed Reports with Parameters, Sub-Reports, Cross-tabs and Charts based on Stored Procedures and Queries by using Crystal Reports
Sound Knowledge of logical and physical database design including Normalization and Entity Relationships (ER) diagrams
Involved in performance tuning of Business Objects Full Client and WEBI reports
Plan and write test cases based on the requirements or defects corrections, supervise their execution by the testing team, perform complex and sensitive tests
Involved in training the end user from Japan in basic and advanced Adhoc reporting as well as to create queries, format results, and share them with others within the enterprise in Japan
Environment: Microsoft SQL Server management studio, WEBI, Crystal reports, Xcelsius, SAP BODS 3.1, SAP Business Objects BI platform XIR/3, SAP Business Objects Data Services 4.0, SAP R3, SQL Server 2008, Oracle, MS Access 2007, Windows 7
Contact this candidate