FNU DIVYA
Chattanooga, TN 401-***-**** adm1yb@r.postjobfree.com

High-performance and versatile BI performer with Data Analysis/Warehouse talents
IT professional with 6 years of accomplishment for providing technology solutions that meet demanding time restraints and exceed expectations. Expertly develop scalable solutions that dramatically improve efficiency, productivity, and profitability with a demonstrated ability to define and map project scope, specifications, project timeline, resources, and budget requirements from point of planning through production.
Technical Skills
Programming Languages: SQL, T-SQL, PL-SQL, Java, HTML
Visualization/ Reporting: Tableau, Cognos Reporting Suite, SSRS, Power BI
ETL Tool: Altova Map Force
Version Control/Automation: Jira, Active Batch
Operating System: Windows XP/2k/9x, Windows NT, Mac OS X
Security Technologies: SSH, SSL, Digital Certificates, Anti-Virus Tools (Norton, Symantec, etc.)
Office suite & Tools: Microsoft - Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook

Key Responsibilities
Responsible for full life cycle development, implementation, production support, and performance tuning of the Enterprise Data Warehouse, Data Mart, and Business Intelligence Reporting environments, and support the integration of those systems with other applications.
Design and implement reporting and analytical solutions, including both the design of table structures and the processes used to populate those structures with data from internal and external sources.
Share data that helps business teams drive improvement in key business metrics, customer experience.
Interact with various development teams, project managers, internal and external customers, senior management, and external vendors.
Create scalable, efficient, automated processes for large scale data analyses, model development, model validation and model implementation.
Participates in workstream planning process including inception, technical design, development, testing and delivery of BI solutions.
Participates in project management estimation process.
Implements data structures using best practices in data modeling, processes, and technologies.
Implements tools and frameworks for automating report generation, identification of data-quality issues, and data governance.
Ensures documentation is created and maintained.
Ensures the collected data is within required quality standards.
Work History

ANITA B. Org Institute
Reviewer: Grace Hopper Conference 2021
Data Science Committee member
Forecubes Inc.
Consultant / May 2018 till July 2018
Bangalore, India
Created and managed the local repositories and permissions using Repository Manager in Database.
Used SQL Override and reduced the number of transformations used in the mappings and improved the performance of the sessions.
Provided expertise in identifying and isolating performance issues and provide solution to increase online/batch performance for maintenance.
Involved in the complete Software Life Cycle Development of the project.
Conducted requirements gathering from application SME’s
Documented and communicated issues, updates, and findings to project team.
Creating sql queries to verify the UI results and SQL Query Optimization.
PCTC Pvt. Ltd
BI Developer / Dec 2015 till April 2018
Bangalore, India
Involved in writing database scripts, SQL, PL/SQL, stored procedures, packages, triggers and testing them.
Worked on Documentation using MS word Environment: MS SQL 2008, SQL windows, T-SQL.MS Access, MS Excel, MS Word
Optimized Database performance by query tuning and implementing indexes and stored procedures.
Analyzed software requirement documents and business requirement and assisted in high level data modeling using Erwin data modeling tool.
Extracted data from Flat files, DB2 and SQL server sources to build an Operation Data Source.
Created databases and schema objects including tables, indexes, stored procedures, and functions as a part of the data migration initiative
Built SSIS packages and scheduled jobs to migrate data from disparate sources into SQL server and vice versa
Performed root cause analysis on failures. Resolve performance tuning related issues and queries

Software Engineer / June 2013 till Nov 2015
HTML/CSS/jQuery front-end coding across a broad array
JAVA coding, testing and implementation of project modules.
Used JDBC to access database.
Education
MS in Information System/2022
Middle Tennessee State University, Nashville, TN
Relevant Coursework: Mgmt. Information Security Operations, Database Design and development, IT Project Planning and imp, Business data communication, Applied Business Analytics
B. Tech in Computer Science/2013
Sri Sai College of Engineering & Technology, Pathankot, India
Certification/Training
Certified CompTIA Security+ Professional
Core Java from NSIT, New Delhi
Robotics from IIT, Kharagpur
Contact this candidate