Professional Summary:
Having * years of experience working in Microsoft BI tools and designed and developed Power BI reports and dashboards from multiple data sources using data blending.
Proficient in Microsoft BI Tools (SSIS/SSRS/SSAS) and T-SQL using SQL Server 2005/2008R2/2012/2014/2016.
Proficient in advance features of Oracle 11g for PL/SQL programming like Using Records and Collections, Bulk Bind, Ref. Cursors, Nested tables and Dynamic SQL.
Experience in Developing, Designing and Support inter active Tableau dashboards.
Experienced in Developing Power BI Reports and Dashboards from multiple data sources using Data Blending.
Experience in T-SQL (DDL, DML and DCL), Creating, developing new database objects by like Tables, Views, Indexes, Complex stored procedures, function (UDF), cursors, and triggers, locking issues, BCP, common table expressions (CTEs), Backups, Recovery and SQL Server Agent profiler using SQLSERVER 2000/2005/2008 R2/2012.
Proficient Knowledge in dealing with RDBMS including E/R Diagrams, Normalization, Constraints, Joins, Keys and Data Import/Export.
Experience in developing and debugging Stored Procedures and Triggers.
Worked on administration tasks such as data loading, batch jobs, configuring IIS, data uploading, backup & recovery, Database mirroring, Log shipping, user and application table management, upgrades, creating database partitioning, databases/file groups/files/transaction logs.
Used tools like MS SQL Profiler, Index Tuning Wizard, Pervasive and Windows performance for monitoring and tuning SQL Server performance.
Excellent hands-on Experience in ETL (Extraction Transformation and Loading) by extracting large volumes of data from various data sources using SSIS.
Experience in by using Row Transformations, Block and Unblock Transformations for Performance Tuning in SSIS packages.
Experience in working with different type Dirty Data from Different sources.
Hands on experience working with Logging, Error handling using Event Handlers pre and post for SSIS Packages.
Creating SSIS Packages for integrating data using OLE DB connection from sources (Excel, CSV, Oracle, flat file, Text Format Data) by using multiple transformations provided by SSIS such as Data Conversion, Conditional Split, Bulk Insert, merge and union.
Experience in working with Data Cleansing technique in ETL procedures.
Skilled at building and deploying multi-valued parameterized reports using Power BI, Tableau.
Worked with Microsoft Power BI, Datazen, DAX expressions, Power View and Power Query integrated with share point.
Experience in developing OLAP Cubes by using SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS), and defined data sources, data source views, Dimensions, Measures, Hierarchies, Attributes, Calculations using multi-dimensional expression (MDX), Perspectives and Roles.
Excellent hands-on experience in creating groups and measures, KPIs.
Experienced in building Tabular Model Cube from Scratch in Databases with different Measures and Dimensions.
Experience in performance tuning, processing and deploying the cubes.
Experience in cube partitioning for better database performance.
Strong written and communication skills.
Technical Skills:
RDBMS/DBMS: MS SQL Server 2016/2014/2012/2008R2/2008/2005/2000, MySQL, Oracle 11g/10g/9i/8i, and MS Access 2003/2000/97
Database Technologies/Tools:SQL Server Enterprise Manager, Microsoft Management Console, SQL, T-SQL, Data Transformation Services (DTS), OLTP, BCP, SSIS, OLAP. Microsoft Visio, ER Studio
Databases:Azure SQL Database, Azure data warehouse, Azure Data azure data factory, Azure Data Synch, MS SQL Server 2008 R2, 2012, 2014,2016, MySQL and Oracle12c.
Azure Cloud:Azure SQL Database, Azure Data Lake, Azure Data Factory (ADF), Azure SQL Data Warehouse, Azure Service Bus, Azure Analysis Service (AAS), Azure Blob Storage. Cache using Pipeline and SSIS, Data Migration Service (DMS), Azure SQL Data.
Reporting Tools:Power BI, SQL Server Reporting Services, Crystal Reports, Excel.
Operating Systems:Windows XP, 2000, NT, 98, 95, Windows 2003, Windows Vista, Windows 7
Programming Languages:T-SQL, PL/SQL, HTML, C#.Net, VB.Net, C++, Java, Java script, CSS, Python, Windows Scripts
Design Technologies/Tools:Erwin, MS Visio, Rational Rose
Data Warehouse / Business Intelligence Tools:SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), Visual Studio 2016/2014/2013/2010/2008, SSAS, Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS) 2008, MS Data Tools 2012 / Visual Studio Shell

Professional summary:
USAA, San Antonio, TX May 2020 - Present
Power BI/SQL Developer
Responsibilities:
Extensively involved in Development, Implementation and Reporting in MS SQL Server 2016/ 2014/2012/2008 R2/2008 with Business Intelligence in SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) and SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).
Proficient in Creating, Configuring and Fine-tuning SSIS packages, SSRS reports and T-SQL queries using tools like SQL Profiler, Performance Monitor and Database Engine Tuning advisor.
Involved in Database Administration operations like Backup, Recovery, Replication and using SQL Profiler and excellent knowledge of DDL and DML in T-SQL.
Responsible for creating reports such as Cascading, Drill down/Drill through Reports, Conditional, Table, Matrix, Charts, Ad-hoc Specialized in using Relational data warehouse and OLAP Cubes for producing Sub Reports.
Involved in generating Drill through and Drill down reports with Drop down menu option, sorting the data, defining subtotals in SSRS.
Worked extensively on Data visualization and Data analyzation using Power BI.
Designing and Developing the Dashboard Reports in Power BI using DAX.
Created effective reports using visualizations such as Bar chart, Clustered Column Chart, Waterfall Chart, Gauge, Pie Chart, Tree map etc. in Power BI.
Developing the reports using Power BI, Power Pivot and SSRS.
Implementing Drill Through & Hyperlinks in Power BI report.
Developed and maintained multiple Power BI dashboards/reports and content packs.
Responsible for building Power BI Dashboards using Tabular and Multi-Dimensional Models. Design and model data sets with Power BI desktop based on measure and dimension requested by customer and dashboard needs.
Used Microsoft Power BI Power Query to extract data from external sources and modify data to certain format as required in Excel and created SSIS packages to load excel sheets from PC to database.
Responsible for identifying, designing and implementing processes related to predictive / analytical modeling, data mining and complex data sets using statistical and text mining using python scripts.
Worked on Power BI and prepared dashboards using Tableau to make it more attractive.
Installed On premise data gateway and scheduled daily data refresh in Power BI.
Created Calculated Columns and Measures in Power BI and Excel depending on the requirement using DAX queries.
Wrote and modified various Stored Procedures used in the application using T-SQL.
Extensive experience in different type of reports including: Tabular forms, Matrix (cross Tab report) form, Conditional, List items, Charts and Sub reports.
Performed DAX (Data Analysis Expressions) & MDX functions for the creation of calculations and measures in the Tabular Mode & multi-dimensional Cubes.
Built a Tabular Model cube from scratch data and by MDX and DAX queries fetched data to SSRS and Power BI reports.
Writing MDX queries to get the data from a tabular model.
Create PowerPivot models and PowerPivot reports, publish reports onto SharePoint, and deploy models into SQL Server SSAS instance. Create Parameterized SSRS Reports and PowerPivot Workbooks using data of Tabular model and Cube data model to prove the functionality of database.
Implemented Copy activity, Custom Azure Data Factory Pipeline Activities
Primarily involved in Data Migration using SQL, SQL Azure, Azure storage, and Azure Data Factory, SSIS, PowerShell.
Designed and Developed ETL Frame that extract, transform, Audit and load data in Azure SQL Datawarehouse.
Performed database backup and deployment to the production server.
Extensively involved in Designing and Developing ETL Processes data from external sources like Azure blob Storage, Azure Data Lake Gen2 and ORC/Parquet/Text Files into Azure SQL Data Warehouse (Azure Synapse).
Used SSIS to create ETL packages to validate, extract, transform and load data to data warehouse and data marts.
Created SSIS packages using .NET and C# as a custom code in Script task.
Involved in unit testing against the developed packages and reports.
Deployed and scheduled Report subscriptions using SSRS to generate all daily, weekly, monthly and quarterly Reports including current status.
Environment: MS SQL Server 2012/2014, Management Studio (SSMS), ETL, Integration Services (SSIS) 2012, Power BI, Power BI (Pro), Power BI Service.

Fidelity Investments, Durham, NC Sep 2019- April 2020
Power BI Developer
Responsibilities:
Responsible for gathering/refining requirements from the customer for developing reports in Power BI.
Built Data Analytics or visualization using Power BI (Power View integrated with Share Point).
Worked with DAX/MDX queries in building expressions for various business calculations.
Building, publishing customized interactive reports and dashboards, report scheduling using Power BI service.
Involved in Developing Power BI visualizations and dashboards using Power BI Desktop.
Created Grouping, sorting columns and writing expressions according to the business requirements.
Transferred the data using SSIS packages.
Extensively worked with SSIS tool suite, designed and created mappings using various SSIS transformations like OLEDB Command, Conditional Split, Lookup, Aggregator, Multicast and Lookup.
Used SSIS to create ETL packages to validate, extract, transform and load data to Data Warehouse databases.
Created SSIS packages to Export data from text file to SQL Server Database.
Created SQL Server Reports and developed query for generating drill down and drill through reports using SSRS.
Generated Reports using Global Variables, Expressions and Functions for the reports.
Identified and worked with Parameters for parameterized reports in SSRS.
Used SSRS to create reports, customized Reports, on-demand reports, ad-hoc reports and involved in analyzing multi-dimensional reports in SSRS.
Generating Ad-Hoc reports on a timely basis and also to fulfill immediate requirements.
Used star and snowflake schema in designing cubes for creating SSAS packages.
Environment: MS SQL Server 2008/2012 Enterprise Edition, MS SQL Server Reporting Services 2012, Power BI.

General Electric (GE), Van Buren Township, MI July 2018 – Aug 2019
SQL / Power BI developer
Responsibilities:
Design and developing the POC’S according to business users.
Developing the best practices and drive the code to across development, test and Pre-Prod and Production environments.
Creating the Daily jobs for data dumps for various teams.
Responsible for Data analytics’ migration from Tableau to Power BI.
Designed and developed the migration of Data Analytics to Power BI.
Designed and developed the dashboards, Scorecards and KPI’s in the Power BI.
Experience in developing the Calculated columns and Measure in the Data Analysis Expressions (DAX).
Implemented scheduled data refreshes with on-premises data gateways as per the business requirement.
Implemented Direct Query, Imports Data and Live Connection modes.
The apps and workspace and share across the organization and individuals based on the requirement.
Creating and maintaining the app’s content.
Creating and maintain the Power BI Content packages.
Generating the Web links or Embedded Code for publish to web or website or portals.
Design and develop the RLS (Row -Level-Security).
Experience in Working with various data sources.
Implemented the best practices to speed up the data refreshed or load the data model.
Design and Developed the Data marts as per the Business requirement.
Migrated the existing Microsoft excel reports to Power BI.
Experience in using the M language for Data transformation in the Power Query.
Design and developed the Test scenarios in For Data analytics.
Have experience in using the Bookmarks and Sync Slicers and Buttons extensively to Develop the Best User Experience.
Design and developed the MySQL Scripts for Data Dumps.
Extensively involved in deploying SSIS Packages, SSRS Reports and SSAS Cubes using command line utilities.
Extensively involved in Data Warehouse Star Schema Modeling, Snow-Flake Modeling, FACT& Dimension Tables, Physical and Logical Data Modeling.
Environment: MS SQL Server 2016/2014/2008, SSIS/SSAS/SSRS, T-SQL, Visual Studio 2014/2013/2012, C#, SQL Server Profiler, Azure Cloud, Azure SQL Database.

Ford Motors, Dearborn, MI Aug 2017 - July 2018
SQL Developer
Responsibilities:
Worked on SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) to integrate and analyze data from multiple homogeneous and heterogeneous information sources (CSV, Excel, DB2, SQL 2000, and SQL 2005).
Created Configurations to make package portable and created Event handlers for handling package error.
Used For-Each Loop Container, Sequence Container, Script task, Expressions, Execute SQL task, Variables, Send Mail Task, Package Execution task to achieve business needs.
Created SSIS packages to Extract, Transform and load data using different transformations such as Lookup, Used Derived Columns, Condition Split, Aggregate, Pivot Transformation, and Slowly Changing Dimension, Merge Join and Union all in transformation of SSIS Packages.
Created and modified various Stored Procedures used in the application using T-SQL.
Designed Cubes with star schema and snowflake schema in SSAS and Executing Analysis Services Processing Task in SSIS for processing cubes in packages.
Scheduled and maintain packages by daily, weekly and monthly using SQL Server Agent in SSMS.
Ad-Hoc reporting was one of the major responsibilities.
Built SSAS Cubes for Aggregate reporting
Worked in Creating Calculations using MDX and Supported DAX expressions which were using Pivot table reports.
Created Project Expense Statements in all Data marts and other Financial Reports using SSRS.
Developed yearly and quarterly company expense reports.
Responsible for Deployment of the report using SSRS and used Report subscription (Data Driven and Email) to publish reports.
Tuning SQL query for better performance using SQL Profiler.
Actively supported business users for change requests.
Environment: SQL Server 2000/2005, Enterprise Edition, SQL, Enterprise manager, SSRS 2005, SSIS 2005, Spotlight, MS SharePoint, MS Access 2000 & Windows 2003/2000 platform, VB.NET, ASP.NET.

Sutherland, Hyderabad Oct 2014 – Dec 2016
SQL Server BI Developer
Responsibilities:
Worked on SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) to integrate and analyze data from multiple homogeneous and heterogeneous information sources (CSV, FTP Server, Excel, DB2 and SQL 2012).
Actively participate in the Design, Build, Test and Deploy phases of Siebel UCM implementations for Oracle customers.
Developed Custom Logging so user can know when a row is inserted in custom logging table by every SSIS package that executes, if SSIS packages extract row from DB2 to CDC DB, or any insert, update or delete rows in dimension or fact tables in DW.
Filtered data from Transient Stage to EDW by using Complex T-SQL statements in Execute SQL Query Task and in Transformations and implemented various Constraints and Triggers for data consistency and to preserve data integrity.
Used For-Each Loop Container, Sequence Container, Script task, Expressions, Execute SQL task, Variables, Send Mail Task, FTP Task Package Execution task to achieve business needs.
Wrote and modified various Stored Procedures used in the application using T-SQL.
Scheduled and maintain packages by daily, weekly and monthly using SQL Server Agent.
Responsible for creating partition function and schema for the table partitioning.
Involved in creating counter logs and trace logs for advanced performance analysis and data logging over a period of time.
Created SSIS 2012 Packages to perform filtering operations and to import the data on daily basis from the OLTP system, DSR to SQL server.
Developed complex Stored Procedures to generate various Drill-through reports, Parameterized reports, Tabular reports, Matrix reports and linked reports using SSRS.
Created various jobs using SQL Server Agent.
Used SQL Server Profiler to trace the slow running queries and the server activity.
Environment: Microsoft SQL Server 2012, T-SQL, SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) Visual Studio 2010/2008, SQL Server Agent, Windows server 2008, Erwin 7.2, Visual Source Safe 2005, C#, SQL Profiler.

Brovis Wireless Networks, INDIA Aug 2012 - Sep 2014
SQL Developer
Responsibilities:
Implemented Complex business logic with User-Defined-Functions, Index Views and also created User defined Data type, Clustered &amp, Non-clustered Indexes
Installed and configure servers and clients using SQL Server 2008, Upgraded SQL databases
Created complex Stored Procedures, Triggers, Functions (UDF), Indexes, Tables, Views and other T-SQL code and SQL joins for applications following SQL code standards
Managed indexes, statistics and tuned queries by using execution plan for optimizing the performance of the databases
Query optimizations (T SQL or Query Analyzer) using query analyzer and Index tuning wizards
Knowledge of Database Performance monitoring tools
Created packages in SSIS with error handling and worked with different methods of logging in SSIS
Created ETL SSIS packages both design and code to process data to target databases
Created SSIS packages to retrieve data from Legacy sources and also to retrieve user data from the Flat files on monthly and weekly basis
Performed database transfers and queries tune-up, integrity verification, data cleansing, analysis and interpretation. Developed, monitored and deployed SSIS packages
Maintained the physical database by monitoring and optimizing performance, data integrity and SQL queries for maximum efficiency using SQL Profiler
Monitor SQL Error Logs /Schedule Tasks/database activity/eliminate Blocking & deadlocks user counts and connections/locks etc.
Implement automated Index Maintenance strategy run as SQL Job on a daily basis.
Resolving any dead locks issues with the Databases/Servers on a real-time basis.
Designed and developed SSIS Packages to extract data from various data sources such as Access database, Excel spreadsheet and flat files into SQL server 2005 for further Data Analysis and Reporting by using multiple transformations provided by SSIS such as Data Conversion, Conditional Split, Bulk Insert, merge and union all
Responsible for the design of the SSIS package for updating the data mart from OLTP database and validation of the aggregate data from the ODS and the OLTP Database
Environment: SQL Server 2005/ 2008, T-SQL Windows Enterprise Server 2003/ 2008, Enterprise Manager, SQL Server Management Studio, Oracle 10g, SQL Server Business Intelligence Studio, SQL Server Profiler, XML, BizTalk Server 2004 Erwin, Microsoft Visio 2003, SFTP

Education:
Master Of Business Administration from Osmania University
Contact this candidate