Manjula M
Power BI Developer
Email: ado02d@r.postjobfree.com
Contact: 737-***-****
Summary:
* ***** ** ********** ** Information Technology in System analysis, design, development, Implementation and maintenance of Data Warehouse project, providing Business Intelligence through Power BI Dashboards and Reports in SDLC and Agile environment.
Extensive exposure in overall SDLC including requirement gathering, development, testing, debugging, deployment, documentation, production support.
Interacts with business user at various levels and coordinated meetings during the different cycles of the project.
Having 2+ years of Power BI development skillset including visualization development, use of parameters, and report optimization
Experience in working with ETL team on Data Migration using SQL, SQL Azure, Azure storage, Azure Data Factory, SSIS and PowerShell
Worked with ETL team in Defining the transformation logic in the ELT (Azure Data factory) and SSIS
Strong knowledge of data warehousing methodologies and Agile methodology.
Involved in creating different visualizations using Slicers, Lines, Pies, Histograms, Maps, Scatter, Bullets, Heat Maps, Tree maps, etc. using Power BI and Tableau.
Generated context filters and data source filters while handling large volume of data.
Involved in creating Filters, quick filters, table calculations, calculated measures and parameters in Power BI.
Have good experience in creating advanced chart types, visualizations and complex calculations to manipulate the data as per business need through Power BI.
Experience in utilizing DAX functions which includes Aggregation, Counting, Logical, information, Text and date functions.
Experienced in Supporting end-user reporting using Power BI.
Good understanding of the Data modelling (Dimensional & Relational) concepts like Star Schema Modelling, Snowflake Schema Modelling
Experience in Data Analysis, Data Migration, Data Cleansing, Transformation, Integration, Data Import, and Data Export using ETL tools such as SSIS. Experience in testing and writing SQL statements.
Hands on experience with MSBI (SSIS) to extract, transform and load data into database.
Perform Data profiling and analysis of structured and unstructured data in Hadoop environment using Hive / HDFS.
Part of the end user team where in gathered requirements and daily scrum meetings.
Prepared projects, dashboards, reports and questions for all JIRA related services.
Good experience in Migration of Reports & Packages in different environment.
Proficient in Tableau data visualization tool to analyze and obtain insights into large datasets, create visually compelling and actionable interactive reports and dashboards.
Mastered the ability to design and deploy rich Graphic visualizations using Power BI and Tableau.
In-depth knowledge on SQL queries and working with SQL Server 2014,2016.
Well versed in query optimization for performance tuning and monitoring of processes.
Worked on complex KPI scorecards, heat maps, tree views, circle views, bar charts. Data visualizations and interactive dashboard which helped business get a good handle on the team's productivity.
Worked on data blending and increased the dashboard performance by extracting data.
Good understanding of technical trends, architectures and highly motivated to know more about latest technology, new software and products.
Strong commitment to organizational work ethics, decision-making and managerial skills.
Good communication and presentation skills work well as an integral part of a team, as well as independently, intellectually flexible and adaptive to change.

Technical Skills:

Reporting Tools
Power BI Desktop 2.6, Power BI Service, Power BI Gateway, Power BI Report Server, Tableau Desktop 8.x/9.3 Tableau Server, SQL server reporting services (SSRS), SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS).
ETL Tools
SQL Server Integration Services, Informatica
Databases
Oracle 10g/11g, MS SQL server 2014/16, Teradata 15, Azure SQL DB
Hadoop Ecosystem
HDFS, Hive
Operating System
Windows, UNIX
Languages
C, C++, SQL, PL/SQL, T-SQL
Others
TOAD, Oracle SQL developer, MS Office, FTP, Control-M, Teradata View Point, Teradata SQL Assistant, Rally, JIRA, GitHub, JSON,

Professional Experience:

Role: Power BI Developer Jan 2020 - till date
Capital One, McLean, VA

Responsibilities
Participated in the user requirement gathering and Design meetings.
Worked closely with Business Analyst, Data Modeller and all team within the organization to understand business processes.
Read source data from Azure SQL DB, CSV, ORACLE, and SQL Server through Power BI.
Read different formats of Source data from hive like JSON, ORC, and TXT.
Generated context filters and data source filters while handling large volume of data.
Hands on experience in utilizing DAX functions which includes Aggregation, Counting, Logical, information, Text and date functions in source data.
Used DAX table functions including FILTER, ALL, VALUES, DISTINCT and RELATEDTABLE.
Used Z-order to overlap the reports on each other using Power BI.
Used Power BI, Power Pivot to develop data analysis prototype, and used Power View and Power Map to visualize reports
Create and customize simple visualizations, Combination charts, Slicers, Map visualizations, Matrixes and tables, Scatter charts, Waterfall and funnel charts, Gauges and single-number cards.
Published Power BI Reports in the required originations and Made Power BI Dashboards available in Web clients.
Created multiple data model and used as a common data source for the reporting purpose.
Used Power BI Gateways to keep the dashboards and reports up to date.
In Power BI developed reports by different time intelligence like year to data (YTD), Month to date (MTD), same period last year.
Involved with ETL team on transformation logic in the ELT (Azure) and migrating the SSIS packages to Azure Data factory (V2).
Closely worked with ETL to implement Copy activity, Custom Azure Data Factory Pipeline Activities for On-cloud ELT processing
Coordinated with ETL team on calling the procedures in Azure Data factory pipelines
Involved in ETL processes and develop source-to-target data mappings, integration workflows, and load processes.
Analyse source system data to assess data quality using SQL query.
Design ETL processes and develop source-to-target data mappings, integration workflows, and load processes. Design, develop, and implement enterprise-class data warehousing solutions.
Used ETL (SSIS) to develop jobs for extracting, cleaning, transforming and loading data into data warehouse.
Experiences in various types of tasks like to load source data in target using SSIS.
Created Row level security so based on role, the end user can view the data.
Analysing reporting requirements and develop various Dashboards, using trend lines and reference lines.
Created no of views, calculated tables, calculated columns and measures.
Hand on Experience in UNIX to write basic commands, Moving files from HDFS to local and vice versa.
Environment: Microsoft Power BI 2.6x, SSIS, SQL Server 2016, ORACLE 11g, SQL Developer, SQL Azure, Azure storage, and Azure Data Factory, PowerShell

Power BI Developer Oct 2018 - Dec 2019
Splunk, San Francisco, CA

Responsibilities:
Requirement’s analysis and detailed functional design for the various blocks identified within the Perform data modeling using Star Schema to meet customer business and technical requirements.
Designed, developed reports and Dashboard Reports in Power BI Desktop and published to Power BI Web and working Power BI Pro.
Solid experience in building interactive reports, dashboards, and/or integrating modeling results and have strong Data Visualization design skills and analytic background by using POWER BI
Used Power BI tool to perform previously Excel done reporting to save time and energy.
Worked on various types of DAX functions like Date and time functions, Time-intelligence functions, Filter functions, Information functions, Logical functions Math and Trig functions, Parent and Child functions, Statistical functions and text functions.
Created graphical dashboards and reports in Power BI.
Performed Row level Security to limit access to certain group or individuals.
Experience in configuring security, Organizational Content Packs, data Gateways, refresh schedules for Power BI service.
Installation of Power BI desktop, version upgradation and patches installation in client computers
Configured the "Firewall" settings at the Azure SQL Database server
Performed Power BI administration tasks like configuration of governance policies, usage monitoring, provisions of licenses, capacities and organizational resources
Expertise in creating Cell Level Security in cubes and Power BI Dashboard Reports to supporting end users using SSAS.
As a Power BI and Cognos SME responsible for the design, development and production support of interactive data visualizations used across the company.
Conducted meetings with business stakeholders, clients and director level members for requirement gatherings and presented various solutions using best practices.
Expertise in data preparation with experience in blending multiple data connections and creating multiple joins across same and various data sources.
Used and created various visualizations in reports like scatter plot, box plot, Sankey chart, bar graphs, Gantt chars, trend lines, waterfall charts, statistical models, heat maps, geo-maps allowing end users to utilize full functionality of the dashboard.
Excellent SQL skills for daily testing of data using various SQL queries.
Enhanced and deployed the SSIS Packages from development server to production server.
Environment: Microsoft Power BI 2.6x, SSIS, SQL Server 2016, ORACLE 11g, SQL Developer, SQL Azure, Azure storage, and Azure Data Factory, PowerShell

Power BI Developer/Data Analytics Aug 2017 - Sep 2018
Toyota Motors, Columbus, IN

Responsibilities:
Worked with the business users to understand the architecture, data Model, business logic and rules to be applied to meet the business needs.
Discussed with team to capture high level transformation rules, produce features, define metrics and User Interface Design Document acceptance.
Created and published Tableau reports utilizing complex calculated fields, table calculations, filters, parameters.
Participated in building and visualizing dashboards using Tableau Desktop
Used Tableau to generate Tableau combination dashboards and wrote SQL Queries for testing the tableau report/dashboard.
Implemented Extract filters, Calculation Filters, Context filters, Data source filters to exclude certain values or a range of values as well as batter performance.
Created story using sequence of worksheets to convey information using Tableau.
In Tableau dashboards used different bars and charts like stack bars, bar graphs, scattered plots, Gantt charts.
Blended data from multiple sources like SQL Server 2014, PostgreSQL, oracle 10g, Teradata into one report by selecting primary keys from each database for data validation.
Have done advance analysis, through field calculation, table calculation as well as also involved in forecast analysis.
Used different functions like number, string, date, Type conversions, aggregate functions.
Created performance recording to improve Tableau’s performance.
Effectively used data blending feature in tableau desktop.
Combined views and reports into interactive dashboards in Tableau Desktop that were presented to Business Users, Program Managers, and End Users.
Wrote complex SQL queries to read data from source databases to analyses source system.
Environment: Tableau 9.1 (Tableau Desktop, Tableau Server, Tableau online), MS Office Suite, Oracle 10g, MySQL, UNIX, SQL Server 2014

SQL (SSIS, SSRS, SSAS) Developer Sep 2014 - May 2016
JP Morgan Chase, Bangalore, India

Responsibilities:
Gathered requirements to identify and create database objects such as tables, views, triggers and indexes.
Involved in Normalization of the database and bringing it to 3NF.
Involved in creating the constraints, rules, defaults and triggers to maintain the data and referential integrity.
Created ER diagrams using Visio.
Created Non-Clustered indexes to improve query performance and query optimization.
Involved in the performance tuning and optimization of T-SQL queries.
Responsible for Data migration from SQL Server 7.0 to SQL Server 2000 Databases.
Developed user requested reports using Crystal Reports and Excel.
Created Drill down and Drill through reports using Crystal Reports.
Developed complex Stored Procedures, triggers, tables, views and other SQL joins and statements for applications using SQL server 2005.
Involved in creating, deploying and configuring reports according to the requirements.
Involved in writing scripts for the client’s requirements for generating reports.
Developed and deployed data transfers packages using SSIS, also maintained the jobs running on Servers. Developed complex Stored Procedures, triggers, tables, views and other SQL joins and statements for applications using SQL server 2005.
Involved in creating, deploying and configuring reports according to the requirements.
Developed and deployed data transfers packages using SSIS, also maintained the jobs running on Servers.
Fixed reports and bugs in stored procedures.
Managed the security of the servers (Logins and users).
Installed and Configured SQL Server 2005 Integration Services (SSIS) and Reporting Services (SSRS) for Dev and QA environments.
Documented the flow of the project.
Environment: MS SQL Server 2000/2005, SSRS, SSIS, Project server 2007, Crystal Reports, HTML, VSS, Office 2007 bundle, Windows XP, Windows 2003 Server.

SQL Developer Jun 2012 - Aug 2014
IBM India Pvt. Ltd

Responsibilities:
Implemented Complex business logic with User-Defined-Functions, Index Views and also created User defined Data type, Clustered &amp, Non-clustered Indexes
Installed and configure servers and clients using SQL Server 2008, Upgraded SQL databases
Created complex Stored Procedures, Triggers, Functions (UDF), Indexes, Tables, Views and other T-SQL code and SQL joins for applications following SQL code standards
Managed indexes, statistics and tuned queries by using execution plan for optimizing the performance of the databases
Query optimizations (T SQL or Query Analyzer) using query analyzer and Index tuning wizards
Knowledge of Database Performance monitoring tools
Created packages in SSIS with error handling and worked with different methods of logging in SSIS
Created ETL SSIS packages both design and code to process data to target databases
Created SSIS packages to retrieve data from Legacy sources and also to retrieve user data from the Flat files on monthly and weekly basis
Performed database transfers and queries tune-up, integrity verification, data cleansing, analysis and interpretation. Developed, monitored and deployed SSIS packages
Maintained the physical database by monitoring and optimizing performance, data integrity and SQL queries for maximum efficiency using SQL Profiler
Monitor SQL Error Logs /Schedule Tasks/database activity/eliminate Blocking & deadlocks user counts and connections/locks etc.
Implement automated Index Maintenance strategy run as SQL Job on a daily basis.
Resolving any dead locks issues with the Databases/Servers on a real-time basis.
Designed and developed SSIS Packages to extract data from various data sources such as Access database, Excel spreadsheet and flat files into SQL server 2005 for further Data Analysis and Reporting by using multiple transformations provided by SSIS such as Data Conversion, Conditional Split, Bulk Insert, merge and union all
Responsible for the design of the SSIS package for updating the data mart from OLTP database and validation of the aggregate data from the ODS and the OLTP Database
Environment: SQL Server 2005/ 2008, T-SQL Windows Enterprise Server 2003/ 2008, Enterprise Manager, SQL Server Management Studio, Oracle 10g, SQL Server Business Intelligence Studio, SQL Server Profiler, XML, BizTalk Server 2004 Erwin, Microsoft Visio 2003, SFTP
Contact this candidate