Sravani Narla
adp19u@r.postjobfree.com
469-***-****

Professional Summary:

Over 7+ years of professional experience in analysis, design, developing, support and testing web based, distributed n-tier and client/server architecture.
Proficient in all phases of SDLC (analysis, design, development, testing and deployment) and highly competent in gathering user requirements.
Experience in using Java, J2EE, EJB, JNDI, JMS, WebServices, JSP, Servlets, Struts, and spring, XML, ANT, JavaBeans, JDBC and Swing.
Sound Knowledge of MVC Architecture, Struts framework, spring framework, Java Design Patterns and O/R mapping Hibernate framework.
Experience in configuring and deploying J2EE applications on WebSphere, WebLogic and JBOSS Application servers.
Experience in Implementing Service Oriented Architectures (SOA) with XML based Web Services (SOAP/UDDI/WSDL).
Strong knowledge in Spring Framework using IOC/ AOP, Spring Transaction support (Declarative/ Programmatic), Hibernate in spring.
Proficiency in Hibernate and the O/R mapping to map Java domain objects with the database, spring framework to easily configure J2EE applications.
Expertise in using source code control systems such as GIT, JIRA, ALM, TFS and Jenkins.
Experienced in developing applications using micro services architecture, Dockers.
Strong exposure working with J2EE design patterns like MVC, Front Controller, Data Accessor, Value Object, Singleton and Session Facade.
Working knowledge of Java Web Services with real time knowledge using SOAP, REST, WSDL and UDDI.
Experience with Eclipse, My Eclipse, WSAD (WebSphere Studio Application Developer), J Builder, Maven.
Good knowledge in usage of version controls such as CVS, VSS (Visual Source Safe), and Clear Case.
Proficient in Quality Control - includes ensuring defect free releases, maintaining correct entries in Design Docs, UI specs, Test Cases, Traceability Matrix.
Experience in SQL, PL/SQL to write Stored Procedures, Functions, Triggers, Views and strong experience in RDBMS using Oracle 11g/10g/9i/8i, SQL Server, and My-SQL.
Experienced in development methodologies like Agile, waterfall and Interactive life cycle and software engineering processes.
Experience in writing database objects like Stored Procedures, Triggers, PL/SQL packages and Cursors for Oracle, MySQL, DB2 and Sybase databases.
Strong experience in client interaction and understanding business application, business data flow and data relations from them.
Committed to excellence, self-motivator, fast-learner, team player, ability to deal with people diplomatically and a prudent developer with strong problem-solving skills and communication skills.

Technical Skills:

Java/J2EE Technologies
Core Java, JSP, Servlets, JDBC, JNDI, JMS, JSTL, Java Beans, RMI,
Java Multithreading, Generics and Collections, EJB, Web Services, Tiles.
Web Technologies
HTML5, XML, XSLT, DOM, CSS3, JavaScript, XPath, AJAX, JQuery
Methodologies
UML, Agile, XP and traditional SDLC
Web/Persistence Frameworks
Spring, Struts, Hibernate
Messaging
IBM MQ Series
Bug Tracking Tools
Rational Clear Quest, BugZilla
Design & GUI Tools
Eclipse, NetBeans, IBM RAD/WSAD
App servers
IBM WebSphere, Apache Tomcat, BEA Web Logic, JBoss
Databases/Tools
Oracle 11g/10g /9i, SQL Server, DB2, MySQL, Toad, PL/SQL Developer
Design/Version Control
UML, Rational Rose, CVS, SVN, VSS, ClearCase
Operating Systems
Windows, Linux, UNIX

Professional Experience:

Prudential Financial, Newark, NJ Sep 2020 - Till Date
Sr. Full Stack Java Developer

Responsibilities:
Used Java 8 features and worked on Lambda Expressions, Functional interfaces Stream API's, Time API, and Improvements on Collection, Concurrency, and IO improvements.
Interface compatibility and concurrency is maintained in the project by using Java 8 new features like default, static methods, and Concurrency API
Used core concepts such as OOP Concepts, Exception Handling, Multi-Threading, JDBC, Collections and Generics.
Extensively used spring Framework modules like REST webservices, JDBC Templates, Spring Security and AOP.
DevelopedWebservicesforsendingandgettingdatafromdifferentapplicationsusingRESTfulwebservices.
Worked on converting existing module to Microservices and CRUD operations using Spring Boot.
Implemented Java EE components using Spring MVC, Spring IOC, Spring transactions and Spring security modules
Integrated Spring Security to manage user registration and login, used Cryptography for user authentication
Experience with creating workflows, Mapping and scheduling jobs in informatics.
Developed Controller for request, response paradigm by Spring Controllers using Spring-MVC, Used JSON as response type in REST services.
Experience in developing Apache Kafka as a distributed publish-subscribe messaging system and a robust queue that can handle a high volume of data.
Used React as Front-End framework also worked with new features such as Hooks, Error boundary, Fragments
Created reusable components with ReactJS. Used JSX for mark-up, props, and state in the components, life cycle methods, DOM event handling and created forms.
Used Redux for state management using Store, Actions, and Reducers. Used pure functions to create reducers.
Used redux middleware – react-redux, redux-thunk, redux-local storage, redux-pouch dB, and redux-logger.
Used React-Router for routing. Used Browser Router for Web and used Link and Router.
Written JSX to embed raw HTML templates inside JavaScript code and used Babel and Webpack for transpiration.
Extensively used ES5/ES6/ES7/ES8–Closures, Scope, Promises, Modules, Prototypes, Arrow functions, functional programming, classes, symbols, generators, async, await and Patterns.
Worked with Promises, fetch API, Axios and async and wait to avoid callback hell and to fetch data from the server.
Created platform as infrastructure with AWS used Jenkins to run the automated deployments
Monitoring the jobs and alerting using AWS Cloud watch, SNS and, AWS Lambda services to send notifications in the case of failures and successful completions
Configured additional health checks on EC2 servers using the spring actuator
Added capabilities to re-run the failed jobs and implemented exception handlers to retry the jobs in case of timeouts
Worked in building generic APIs to scan the unstructured sources in S3 buckets
Utilized AWS KMS and Secret manager services to encrypt the sensitive information
Involved in writing Java API for Amazon Lambda to manage some of the AWS services
Used Amazon Cloud Watch to monitor AWS services and Amazon Cloud Watch logs to monitor applications. Used Soap and Postman to test the web Services on the JSON files
Selecting the appropriate AWS service based on compute, data, or security requirements. Experience in Integration of Amazon Web Services AWS with other applications infrastructure. Managed Docker orchestration and Docker containerization
Created Jenkins CI/CD pipelines for continuous build & deployment
Used Maven as the build tool and GIT as the Source version controller.
Used GIT as the configuration management tool to manage the code repository
Developed API using Hibernate to interact with the Oracle database
Developed SQL stored procedures and callable statements for updating and accessing data from database
Deployed web components, presentation components and business components in Apache Tomcat and WebLogic Application Server
Developed and executed Unit Test cases using JUnit, Mockito, Easy Mock, TestNG frameworks
Designed and implemented the Mongo DB schema.
Used JIRA as the bug tracking system to track and maintain the history of bugs/issues on everyday basis
Environment: Java 8, Spring IOC, Spring Boot, Spring Security, Spring AOP, Spring Batch, Java Beans, JDBC, Micro Services, Hibernate 4, HTML5, CSS3, Ajax, React, react-redux, JUnit, Mockito, Maven, Tomcat, Kafka, RESTful, JIRA, Mongo DB 3.5, EC2, S3, IAM, AWS Cloud watch, Docker, Git, Jenkins, Agile Methodology, STS

Nationwide, Scottsdale, AZ Jan 2020 - Aug 2020
Java/J2EE Developer

Responsibilities:
Involved in gathering business requirements, analyzing the project by working in AGILE Methodology Environment which includes Test Driven Development (TDD) planning, grooming and backlogs
Used Control M for customers who has job scheduling and ordering of the jobs as part of security fixes in Project.
Designed Ant and Maven scripts to build the projects and deploy in to application servers
Worked in AAF (AGILE AUTOMATION FRAMEWORK) Frame work as a part of POC to reduce the efforts of manual testing.
Worked on migration of the project from which includes package of changes for Cyber Ark, ENC, SIEM logging where security fixes to Version migration.
Use Java, J2EE technologies to develop UI and server-side components and Used Spring framework to implement MVC design pattern.
Developed Micro Services in IC SAAS, using Spring Boot, Spring AOP, Kafka (Consuming Events) for related services
Used CMDB Tool for batch tracker, Application server Reports to pull the customer details.
Presentation layer used HTML, CSS and used Angular JS, Ajax, JQuery in order to develop front end user interfaces.
Used Jenkins CI/CD pipelines to build and deploy code to different environments (DEV/QA/UAT).
Used JDBC as a Data Access layer to access and update the information in respective Database and developed persistence layer.
Created REST Web Services for external clients and resellers by reusing existing components
Used Putty and Winscp for file transfer, manage files and to synchronization of files to execute batches as a console to support serial connection and to deploy application jars in to the environments such that WebSphere server pulls it from Winscp based on the versioning of RPM.
Worked on the Fortify scan to scan the applications and pull the vulnerabilities based on the category and solve the issues.
Worked on CA Indirect JNDI Implementation for all the common apps as a part of POC
Worked on writing the encryption script to all the applications, such that each user needs public key in order to encrypt the folder
Written batches for some applications which wasn’t having the java classes as it represents only XML files.
Used Log4j for logger information and log forwarding to Kibana to reflect all the applications logs based on the Host.
Written JUNIT Test cases for each of the components and Worked on JMS and WebSphere for Queue Communication and administration
Used JIRA as issue tracking and Crucible to check the code quality and detect bugs.
Used SVN and GIT as a version control tools and Created documents for SDS Reviews.
Used SQL, PL/SQL in order to write stored Procedures, Triggers and views
Coordinate with Ops Team to reflect the any issues happened during the production releases.
Worked in deadline driven environment with immediate feature release cycles
Environment: Java, J2EE,, Java Script, WebSphere, Control M JOB,,XML, Web Services,, PL/SQL, CSS, JSP, STS 3.4,AngularJS, Bootstrap, JDBC, Spring, Spring boot, Micro services, HTML,SVN, GIT, JNDI, Spring AJAX, kanban, Fortify scan, aws.

Millipore sigma, St.Louis, MO Jun 2018 - Dec 2019
Java/J2EE Developer

Responsibilities:
Involved in gathering business requirements, analyzing the project.
As per the use cases, Involved in Work flow diagram using FileNet Tool
Interacted coordinated with the Design team, Business analyst and end users of the system
Created the web UI using Struts, JSP, Servlets and Custom tags.
Involved in developing code for obtaining bean references in spring framework using Dependency Injection (DI) or Inversion of Control (IOC)
Created Batch files to close Errors (W.I) automatically.
Distribute Work Items based on priority by creating batch (Spring Framework) and used Control-M/Server to actual job submission and tracking.
Developed Test scripts (selenium) to automate the action functions in Modify and Executed parallel browser testing on various machines using Selenium Grid and performed cross browser testing using Sauce Labs
Used XML for Data presentation, Report generation and to define Priority levels of each queues
Prototyped use of JSF for presentation development and spring for middle tier development to analyze if use would ease development and efficiently presented the data using JSF Data tables
Developed a feature to (JSF) Mass Assign Work Items based on actions involved in it
Developed the screen using the JSF (Custom Built Components) integrated with the backend Stored Procedures.
Design and developed MAVEN scripts to build and deploy the application in Tc server.
Developed JUnit test cases for regression testing and integrated with Maven build and Developed calls from JSP pages.
Used SQL, PL/SQL in order to write stored Procedures, Triggers and views
Environment: Java, J2EE,, Java Script, Tomcat server, Control M JOB, FileNet Tool,XML, Web Services, JSF 1.2, JAXB, JAX-WS, PL/SQL, CSS, JSP, STS 3.4,AngularJS, Bootstrap,Sauce Labs, JDBC, Spring, HTML,SVN, AJAX.

JCPenney, Plano, Texas Dec 2016 - May 2018
J2EE Developer
Responsibilities:
Followed Agile methodology and SCRUM meetings to track, optimize and developed sequence diagrams depicting method interactions, using MS Visio.
Involved in System Analysis and Design methodology as well as Object Oriented Design and development using OOAD methodology to capture and model business requirements.
Involved in designing, developing and testing of J2EE components like Java Beans, Java, XML, Collection Framework, JSP, Servlets, JMS, JDBC, and JNDI and deployments in WebLogic Server
Developed the application using Angular-JS, spring, Jersey, Angular-UI, HTML5, Bootstrap, CSS3 and JavaScript.
Developed and implemented the MVC Architectural Pattern using Spring Framework including JSP, Servlets, EJB, Form Bean and Action classes.
Developed JSP’s with Custom Tag Libraries for control of the business processes in the middle-tier and was involved in their integration.
Developed the User Interface using spring, logic, bean, JSP, JavaScript, JQuery and HTML.
Utilized Angular.JS framework to bind HTML template (views) to JavaScript object (models).
Created Custom Directives in Angular.JS, making use of Modules and Filters objects according to the application requirement
Produced content pages with CSS3 Layout and style markup presentations and also used JavaScript methods and Properties.
Created Message Driven beans and Session beans using EJB
Implemented J2EE patterns like, Data Access Object, Session facade, Business Delegate and Value Object.
Involved in the application development using JAVA/J2EE, Multi-Threading, JSF, ADF, JMS, Oracle and WebLogic Application Server
Designed and implemented front end web pages using Angular JS, CSS3, HTML5, JavaScript and AJAX.
Used JIRA as an issue tracker tool for collaborating testers and functional team as well as tracking defects and change requests
Good experience in Amazon Web Services (AWS) environment and good knowledge of like Elastic Compute Cloud(EC2), Elastic Load-balancers, Elastic Container Service (Dockers Containers), S3, Elastic Beanstalk, Cloud Front, Elastic File system, RDS, DMS, VPC, Route53, Cloud Watch, Cloud Trail, Cloud Formation, IAM.
Experience working with testing tools like Firebug, Firebug Lite, Chrome or safari web inspectors and IE Developer Toolbar.
Configuration Automation using Puppet and Dockers Containers
Used JSF framework with AJAX in developing user interfaces using JSF UI Components, RIA components, Validator, Events and Listeners.
Developed web-based applications using Web Services like REST, Implemented and used Web Services with the help of WSDL, SOAP and JAX-WS to get updates from the third parties
Deployed war/jar files in the Web Logic Application Server.
Involved in handling Hibernate as part of DB connectivity and persistence as ORM tool.
Designed and developed used XSLT transformation components to convert data from XML to HTML, Used XML DOM API for parsing XML.
Involved in using Apache Tomcat Server for deploying and testing the code
Developed the XML schema and Web Services for the data maintenance and structures
Configured and deployed the application on Jboss application Server.
Used Log4j for External Configuration Files and debugging.
Designed various tables required for the project in Oracle database and used the Stored Procedures in the application.
Wrote and debugged the Maven Scripts for building the entire web application.
Used CVS for version control across common source code used by developers.
Involved in writing Junit test cases and followed test-driven approach.
Environment: Java/J2EE, JSP, spring, Hibernate, Eclipse, JSTL, JMS, JNDI, Angular JS, Servlets, Jira, Containers, Dockers, EJB, HTML, JavaScript, XML, CSS, AJAX, XSLT, WebLogic, Jboss, Data Access, REST, SOAP, Log4j, Tomcat, Maven, CVS, SQL, PLSQL, Oracle and Windows.

Cignex Datamatics, CA. Jan 2016 - Nov 2016
Java/J2EE Developer

Responsibilities:
Involved in Requirements gathering, analysis and design and documentation as the application was started from scratch
Developed application layout and composing tiles definitions, managed beans to use with JSF, Transfer Objects to pass data over layers, Business Delegates for invoking business methods of EJBs, Stateless Session Beans which will access Business Objects, which will in turn call DAO's to retrieve & update data in the Database.
Performed Use case design, object modeling using UML, like Transformation of the Use Cases into Class Diagrams, Sequence Diagrams
Involved in Analysis, Design, and Implementation of software applications using Java, J2EE, XML and XSLT and Web Services (SOAP, WSDL)
Used Vagrant to make Docker containers portable
Used Angular.JS services, controllers and directives for front end UI, Angular.JS MVC for cross-browser functionality and used Firebug for Firefox, Inspector tools for Chrome, IE developer toolbar for IE.
Implementation of Microservices using OSGI and deploying into Karaf containers
Worked closely with fixing team, fixing high and other priority defects using JIRA
Developed the application using J2EE, JSP, Tag Libraries, XML, XSD and Oracle
Used Spring/MVC framework to enable the interactions between JSP/View layer and implemented different design patterns with J2EE and XML technology
Developed and implemented the MVC Architectural Pattern using Spring Framework including JSP, Servlets, EJB, Form Bean and Action classes.
Implemented the business logic writing action components and configuring XML files using spring and Hibernate framework
Implemented a Continuous Delivery pipeline with Dockers, and GitHub and AWS
Developed the war/ear file using Ant script and deployed into WebLogic Application Server.
Wrote configuration files for injecting EJBs, Service Impls and DAO classes
Used Java Mailing or Messaging Service (JMS) API’s for mailing detailed notifications depending upon the success and failure once the backend process is complete and also for mailing administrator of any system related problems.
Efficiently presented the data using JSF Data tables
Used Hibernate used as Persistence framework mapping the ORM objects to tables.
Deployed the Jar files on the Tomcat Server
Prepared technical design documents (TDD) for Use cases.
Written Junit Test cases for performing unit testing
Used Jenkins to build the code and worked on DDCT & ICM tools (Content management tools) for the deployment purpose.
Involved in developing Maven Scripts for the build and deployment of J2EE applications
Used Oracle as database and Involved in the development of PL/SQL backend implementation and using SQL created Select, Update and Delete statements.
Coordinated the overall execution of the test plan with Development and business representatives
Actively participated in High-level Document and Detailed level Document for different modules in the project
Environment: Java EE, EJB 3.0,Struts, IBM MQ Series, Servlets, XML, XSL, XSD, CSS, JIRA, JavaScript, Dockers, AJAX, MVC, HTML, Eclipse, Maven, Jenkins, Junit, Http Unit, JSF, JTS, Hibernate, REST, Tomcat, containers, Apache ODE, Web logic, Oracle11g and Windows.

Polaris, MN, USA, Office in Mumbai, India (off shore) Jun 2014 - Jan 2015
Java/J2EE Developer

Responsibilities:
Participated in system design, planning, estimation and implementation
Involved in developing Use case diagrams, Class diagrams, Sequence diagrams and process flow diagrams for the modules using UML and Rational Rose
Developed the presentation layer using JSP, AJAX, HTML, XHTML, CSS and client validations using JavaScript
Developed and implemented the MVC Architectural Pattern using Spring Framework.
Effective usage of J2EE Design Patterns Namely Session Facade, Factory Method, Command and Singleton to develop various base framework components in the application
Modified Account View functionality to enable display of blocked accounts details that have tags.
This involved modifying beans, JSP changes and middle tier enhancements.
Developed various EJBs (session and entity beans) for handling business logic
Developed Session Beans and DAO classes for Accounts and other Modules
Extensively used Spring JDBC in data access layer to access and update information in the database.
Worked on generating the web services classes by using WSDL, UDDI and SOAP
Used JAXB API to bind XML Schema to java classes
Involved in Units integration using JUnit, bug fixing, and User acceptance testing with test cases
Used CVS for version control and Maven as a build tool
Used Log4j for logging errors, messages and performance logs
Used JBoss Application Server to deploy application
Environment: UML, Rational Rose, Java, JSP, AJAX, HTML, XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, Spring, EJB, Spring JDBC, SOAP, WSDL, UDDI, XML, XSLT, JAXB, Oracle, JUnit, CVS, Maven, Log4j, ClearQuest, JBoss, Eclipse, Agile development process, Windows XP.

Education:
Bachelors in Computer Science and Engineering
Masters in engineering management, Christian Brothers University
Contact this candidate