Hima Lakkakula
Mail Id: adp6yo@r.postjobfree.com
Contact: 469-***-****

Around 10 Years of MS SQL SERVER Development experience in Homebuilder, Telecommunications domains with expertise in Software Analysis, Design, Development, Testing and SQL server Business MS SQL Server 2008/2010/2012/2013/2017 suite of products like SSIS, SSAS, and SSRS and Reporting dashboards like Tableau, Qlik Sense and Power BI.
Experienced in TSQL, Documenting, and Coding, modifying, and implementing Business Intelligence solutions using SQL Server 2012/2010/2008 R2.
Experienced in relational database design, SQL queries, stored procedures, Functions, Triggers, Performance tuning, Backup/Restore.
Expertise in creating Complex Stored Procedures, Queries for the application team and for the end users based on the business requirement.
Extensive Experience and Knowledge on SQL Server Reporting Services.
Experience in developing different types of Tabular Reports, Matrix Reports, Drill-Down, parameterized, drill through reports, Cross Tab Reports, Ad hoc reports, and distributed reports in multiple formats using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) in Business intelligence development studio (BIDS).
Developing reports on SSRS on SQL Server (2012/2008 R2/2008/2005). Sound Experience and understanding of SSAS, OLAP cube and Architecture.
Expert in troubleshooting the issues related to resolution and design (missing of borders and color-coding) within SSRS Reports.
Experience in writing T-SQL, working on SSRS, SSAS, SSIS Data Cleansing, Data Scrubbing and Data Migration
Experienced in High Level Design of ETL DTS & SSIS Packages for integrating data using OLEDB connection from heterogeneous sources (Excel, flat file, .CSV file,) by using multiple transformations provided by SSIS such as Data Conversion, Conditional Split, Multi-Lookup, Derived Column, Sort, merge, and union all.
Experience in using Fuzzy Lookup and Fuzzy grouping transformations for data cleansing.
Experience in defining logging for packages to record the error records, updated records, and inserted records.
Reviewed, analyzed, and modified programming systems including encoding, testing, debugging, and installing to support an organization's client/server software applications.
Worked on SSRS Reports using SSAS by MDX queries.
Experienced working with Version control tool Team Foundation Server (TFS) and Stash.
Worked on the end-to-end project in Azure Environment by pulling the source data from SQL Server and storing the data in Azure SQL Server using Blob Storage and creating reports using Power BI Desktop.
Developed several user Dashboards using Microsoft Power BI.
Experience in building Power BI reports and enhancing user experience with end-to-end reporting life cycle and complex visualization techniques.
Strong expertise in creating dynamic reports and complex Power BI dashboards, ability to extract data from different data sources, analyze the reports for any data inconsistency and able to share data insights with IT and Business teams.
Experience in publishing the Power BI Desktop models to Power BI Service to create highly informative dashboards, collaborate using workspaces, apps, and to get quick insights about datasets and configuring to schedule report and schedule the dataset refreshes by using Power BI Gateway.
Used various DAX expressions to retrieve data, created multiple columns, custom tables using DAX queries, used complex DAX functions for different kinds of calculations in Power BI.
Published reports to the workspaces in Power BI service and performed testing, validation to ensure the data is accurate and the report design and parameters are working fine as expected.
Generated ad-hoc reports in Excel Power Pivot and shared them using Power BI to the decision makers for strategic planning.
Expertise in Unit and Integration Testing and preparing combined developer Testing document
Excellent interpersonal communication, problem solving, documentation and business analytical skills. Energetic and self-motivated team player with excellent communication, interpersonal, and leadership skills, thrives in both independent and collaborative work environments.

Technical Skill Set
Data Warehousing/BI Tools,
SQL Server Business Intelligence Studio – SSAS, SSRS, SSIS, Tableau 9.3, Tableau 2018.1, Microsoft Power BI, Qlik sense, Azure
RDBMS/DBMS
MS SQL Server 2010/2012/2014/2017, MS Access
Tools
Management Studio, Enterprise manager, SQL Server, Performance Monitor, Power Pivot, SQL Server Agent, MS Visio/Excel, Team Foundation Server 2012, SQL Server Profiler.
Programming Languages
TSQL, MDX, DAX
Protocols / Middleware

FTP, ODBC
Operating Systems
Windows 07, 10. Mac OS.
Education
Bachelors (2009-2013), Master of Science - TAMUK (2014-2015)
Achievement’s
Certified in UH Acute Inpatient EMR, UH Care Ambulatory EMR. (Electronic Medical Records).
Certified in ServiceNow.

University Hospitals (Jan 2019 – Present)
Location: Cleveland, OH
Role: Senior Power BI Developer/Data Analyst
Description:
GME (Graduate Medical Education):
GME has an application portal which withholds the demographic, personal and program details of the residents and fellows working for University Hospitals. It has the functionality which helps in tracking the practitioner and immigration status of the residents/fellows and it also helps residents/fellows to update individuals Ohio State Medical board licenses.
Order set Utilization:
Order set Utilization is a project which is used to analyze and maintain data consistency across various Electronic Medical Record systems such as UHCare In-patient and UHCare Ambulatory which are both University hospitals EMR systems. We defined a methodology on the quality metric project and improve Trainees (Resident and Fellow) personal performance to pick orders (i.e., Drugs, Consultation, Education) from the order sets.
Responsibilities:
Involved in gathering Business the requirement, Technical Design Documents from the physicians, Doctors, Program directors.
Data extraction from different data sources from the credentialing department (MSOW), GME DB and developed dashboard reports on the Power BI tool.
Experienced in DRG/ICD10/CPT/ICD9 codes for some of the order sets such as Stasis Dermatitis, Chronic obstructive Pulmonary Disease, Gynecology Enhanced recovery pathway, Laparoscopic Enhanced recovery pathway, Major open Enhanced recovery pathway, Pediatric Headache, Pediatric asthma.
Analyzed the data from the EMR and created various test use cases for PFIZER grant project (Orderset Utilization).
Provided Peer benchmark utilization to the program directors and order set owners.
Provided data attributable to individuals while recognizing the importance of team-based care.
Develop and maintain standardized reports, dashboards, and portals utilizing the business intelligence platform’s software developer tools.
Conduct research and make recommendations on enhancements and standards for the organization’s business intelligence environment.
Consistently complete tasks within agreed-upon target dates.
Created the program details and personal information of trainees in GME DB.
Developed the dashboard for all GME Internal reports helps in tracking program, department, Ohio Medical License.
Provides support and evaluation of BI Management, Application Specialists and the IS Data Warehouse team to leverage existing BI Informatics and Data Warehouse architecture.
Developing complex Stored Procedures, Functions.
Created new Tables, Views, Triggers, User-Defined Functions and other T-SQL code and SQL joins for applications to handle a large amount of data manipulation.
Created data visualizations including variety of charts like Stacked Bar, Pie, Donut, Clustered Bar, Histogram, Map, Scatter, Bullet, Heat Map, Tree Map, Slicer using Power BI.
Created the calculated columns and measures using DAX Expressions and effectively implemented data blending, filters, actions feature in Power BI and used DAX queries for building Tabular model cubes as well as advanced experience with DAX language including the manipulation of filter context, variables and performance techniques.
Knowledge in creating dynamic Date Table in Power Query using MQuery.
Shared the dashboards among multiple users in the group.
Expert in implementing business related custom visuals in addition to the visualization tool to showcase the data in an easy and efficient manner.
Expert in designing and creation of Power BI storyboards which can give a summarized story of the data about the business.

Environment: Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS 2012/2010) Visual Studio 2017/2012/2010, Team Foundation Server 2013/2012/2010, SQL Server 2017, T-SQL, (SSRS) SQL Server Reporting Services, (SSIS) SQL Server Integration Services, SQL Server Analysis Services, Power BI, All Scripts, UH Acute In-patient EMR, UH Care Ambulatory EMR,
Verizon Communications (Oct 2015 – Dec 2018)
Location: Irving, Texas
Role: MSBI and SQL Developer
Verizon Communications is one of the largest global technology companies delivering the promise of the digital world to millions of customers every day.
Description:
My Project Core Business Plays advertisement to the customers based on targeting attributes. The Primary role was to develop and maintain various reports for several different applications using SSRS and major involvement on integrating data across multiple systems using SQL and BI Tools.

Responsibilities:
Developing Stored Procedures, Functions, Tables, Views, Triggers, User Defined Functions and other T-SQL code and SQL joins for applications to handle large amount of data manipulation.
Reviewed and optimized SQL queries, stored procedures, views & triggers from other developers to achieve maximum efficiency and scalability.
Participated in developing Logical design of database incorporating business logic and building entity relationship (ER) diagrams.
Creating ETL packages using SSIS to extract data from different data sources, reformats the data and load the reformatted data into destination tables using variables.
Responsible for transferring the data using SSIS packages from excel/flat file sources to database.
Published migrated data using SSIS (SQL Server Integration Services), DTS Wizard (Data Transformation Services) Tool through data flow tasks, look up transformations and script tasks.
Worked on the end-to-end project in Azure Environment by pulling the source data from SQL Server and storing the data in Azure SQL Server.
Creating Logging and Error Handling in SSIS Packages.
Dealing with SSIS script task, look up transformations and data flow tasks using T- SQL and Visual Basic (VB) scripts.
Experienced in writing T-SQL scripts, dynamic SQL, complex stored procedures, functions, triggers and complex joins and sub queries in SQL Server Management studio (SSMS) 2014/2012.Monitoring, Identifying and troubleshooting SQL Server performance issues using SQL Server Performance monitor, profiler.
Responsible for creating a trace to identify and analyze the Poorly Performing Queries Identified by Profiler in SQL Server 2014/2012.
Creating and deploying various Reports like Drill Down, Drill Through, Chart, Linked and Parameterized reports using SSRS.
Used Reporting Services (SSRS) to schedule reports to be generated on predetermined time.
Developing Cascading Reports for Analytics Reports, Ad-hoc Reports using Report Builder, SQL server Reporting Services (SSRS) 2012/2010.
Generating on-demand and scheduled reports for business analysis or management decision using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).
Performing Unit and Regression tests for developed Reports and deployed into the Server.
Involving in Business requirement gathering, Technical Design Documents, Business use cases and Data mapping.
Created dashboard SSRS reports under report server projects and publishing SSRS reports to the report’s server. Developed functional and technical documentation to assist in the design, development and/or maintenance of deliverables.
Develop reports on Tableau 2018.1, Qlik sense, HTML
Environment: Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS 2012/2010) Visual Studio 2013/2012/2010, Team Foundation Server 2013/2012/2010, SQL Server 2014/2012, T-SQL, (SSRS) SQL Server Reporting Services, (SSIS) SQL Server Integration Services, SQL Server Analysis Services

Terminus Global Tech solutions (July 2013 – April 2015)
Location: Hyderabad, India
Role: Power BI/SQL Developer
Description:
Customer Relationship Management and ecommerce management software has given these wholesale distributors and manufacturers real-time visibility across the organization, providing insight into sales, inventory and invoicing, while giving them the ability to grow revenues, optimize inventory management, dramatically improve productivity and build stronger customer and partner relationships. The Project Enterprise Reporting is an inter-discipline, enterprise-level reporting tool. The ER architecture enables integration of data across multiple sources providing the business community with easy access to their data to make strategic business decisions. The Primary focus was on Reports development for several applications and Migration of IBM Cognos reports to SSRS. This project was also involved in supporting and maintaining the existing data marts and ETL Processes.
Responsibilities:
Used agile methodology for requirement gathering and specification.
Interact with Development Teams and Managers to analyze business needs. Provide software product design and develop a technical roadmap for the solution through the project lifecycle and beyond.
Experienced in gathering business and technical requirements and creating requirement documents in the development perspective.
Extensively worked on full Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) of the project from Database Design and Modeling to implementation and maintenance.
Created Tablix, Drill-down, Drill-through, Matrix, Tabular, Multi Parameterized, Stepped, Linked, Chart and data driven and burst reports using SSRS 2010/2012
Deployment of reports to Staging and Production and Created Report level security and assign user permissions on Report Manager.
Created the Complex Subscriptions and scheduled the published reports from Report Manager.
Involved in Migration and Modification of existing IBM Cognos Reports to SQL Server Reporting Services (2012).
Experienced in writing complex SQL Queries, Stored Procedures, Triggers, Views, Cursors, Joins, Constraints, and User Defined Functions to implement the business logic and created clustered and non-clustered indexes.
Involved in Normalization and De-Normalization of existing tables for faster query retrieval.
Advised optimization of queries by looking at Execution Plan for better tuning of the database.
Increased query performance, necessary for statistical reporting by more than 25% after performing monitoring, tuning, and Optimizing Indexes tasks by using Performance Monitor, Profiler, and Index tuning wizard.
Designed integrating diagrams using MS Visio 2010
Generated Dynamic Reports from Cubes (SSAS) using SSRS 2012.
Highly involved in performing Unit Test, Regression Test, Functional Test, Integration Test, and Stored Procedure Performance Test on Test server and preparing combined Developer Testing document.
Provided QA and UAT Support by actively fixing and updating issues via SharePoint.
Experienced in creating several Deployment documents for different applications.
Environment: Microsoft SQL Server 2008/2012, SQL Server Business Intelligence Development Studio (SSIS, SSRS), MS Visio, Microsoft Share Point Server, SQL Red Gate, Team Foundation Server 2012.
Contact this candidate