AZHAR M
MS SQL Server / Power BI Developer
Permanent Resident Green Card Holder
EMPLOYER DETAILS:
PHONE: 408-***-**** EMAIL: adr9ex@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
Highly motivated SQL server/Power BI developer with around 8+ years of IT Experience having multiple skill set and extensive working experience in Data warehousing and Business Intelligence Technologies with expertise in SQL Server Development, MSBI Stack (T-SQL, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS), Azure, Power BI for building, deploying and managing applications and services through a global network of Microsoft – managed data centers.
Experienced in client requirement Analysis, Physical, Logical design, development Coding, Debugging, Testing, Deployment, Support and Maintenance of business applications using Microsoft SQL Server 2019/2017/2016/2014/2012/2008R2/2008
Strong ability to analyze user requirements, Business Requirement Specifications.
Hands on Experience in optimizing the queries by creating various clustered, non-clustered indexes and indexed views.
Experience in creating Views, Constraints, Triggers, Joins, Cursors, Temp Table, Table Variable, Functions, Batch Scripts and numerous stored procedure consumed at various stages of migration/cleansing process, reports or data validation
Experience in configuration and maintain Report Manager and Report Server for SSRS, deployed and scheduled the reports in Report Manager.
Expert in creating and developing Power BI Dashboards in to rich look and tested Power BI reports of Database and verified it with the source data.
Proficient in creating objects such as Stored Procedures, Views, Triggers, User defined functions, cursors, derived tables, common table expressions (CTEs) and Complex Queries on Microsoft SQL Server 2014/2008/2005.
Familiar with DAX Functions Such as SUMX, CALCULATE, ALLEXCEPT, FILTER functions.
Worked on QNXT Reports (SSRS), QNXT transformation for existing SQL Store Procedures and SQL Queries.
Experience at Transforming and validating data using SSIS Transformations like Conditional Split, Lookup, Merge Join, Sort and Derived Column.
Extensive knowledge in Tuning T-SQL queries to improve the database performance.
Designed and developed new ETL/SSIS package that load data from OLTP into our existing Data Warehouse based on technical specifications and business requirements.
Involved in creating Jobs, SQL Mail Agent, Alerts and Scheduled DTS/SSIS Packages.
Adept in creating Ad-hoc, Cross-Tab, Drill-down and Sub-Report using RDL in SSRS.
Experienced in creating Report Models, generating Reports for business analysis and management purposes using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).
Expertise in Power BI, Power BI Pro, Power BI Mobile
Good knowledge of Defining, Developing and Deploying Star Schema, Snow flake Schema and Dimensional Data modeling using MS SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) on EDW.
Worked on Power BI which acts like a cloud service that works with Excel to provide a Self-Service BI.
Used SSRS to create reports, customized Reports, on-demand reports, ad-hoc reports and involved in analyzing multi-dimensional reports in SSRS.
Experienced in Developing Power BI Reports and Dashboards from multiple data sources using Data Blending.
Experience in Database Development and Release Management Concepts, Practices and Procedures along with Performance Tuning Database Code in OLTP and OLAP environments.
Support the business users and resolved issues pertaining to all the Supply chain management and distribution modules after go-live.
Excellent knowledge of all the phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
Involved in keeping the team focused and on track and also established meeting times, places and agendas.
Experience in developing Dashboard Report, Parameterized Reports, Linked reports, Sub reports by Region, Year, Quarter, Month and Week using POWER BI
Excellent Written and Verbal communication skills and ability to translate Technical Concepts into Business Language and Business Language into Technical Requirements.
Involved in Coordinating meetings with the product committee, project manager and functional management to discuss project impediments, needed resources or issues/delays in completing the task.
Worked on creating Azure Data Factory for moving and transforming the data.
Worked with Azure Data Lake Store to capture data of any size, type, and ingestion speed in one single place for different operations
Flexible and versatile to adapt to any new environment with a strong desire to keep pace with latest technologies.
Excellent problem solving, communication, analytical, interpersonal skills and ability to perform independently or as part of a team.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
RDBMS
MS SQL Server 2019/2017//2016/2014/2012/2008R2/2008, MySQL, Oracle 10g/9i, MS Access, DB2
Database Technologies / Tools
MS SQL Server, SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Data Tools, Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS), SQL Server Entreprise Manager, Microsoft Management Console, T-SQL, Data Transformation Services (DTS), OLTP, BCP, SSIS, OLAP. Microsoft Visio, ER Studio
Reporting Tools
SQL Server Reporting Service (SSRS), Crystal Reports XI/10/9, Excel Power View, Power BI, Tableau, Excel
Operating Systems
Windows 2000/2007/2008/2010/ XP/Vista, Windows 7, 8,10.
Programming Languages
T-SQL, PL/SQL, XML, HTML, .Net, VB.Net, C, C++, C#, Java, Java script, Visual Basic 6.0, VC++, CSS, Windows Scripts
Design Technologies / Tools
Erwin, MS Visio, Rational Rose
Data Warehouse / BI Tools
Power BI, SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS), Visual Studio, Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS), MS Data Tools / Visual Studio Shell
ETL Tools
SSIS (SQL Server Integration Services), DTS(Data Transformation Services), Import Export Data, Bulk Copy Program (BCP), Informatica 8.6.1, Business Objects XI R2/R3, Webi
Data Modeling
Star Schema Modeling, FACT, Dimensions Tables, Physical, Logical and Conceptual Data Modeling, Erwin

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Client: Hudson Advisors, Dallas, TX.
Duration: Jan 2020 – Present
Role: Power BI Developer / Azure

Responsibilities:
Developed Dashboards and Reports with Excel, SQL Server, SharePoint List and Report Server data sources using Power BI Service Desktop tool.
Involved in database development using stored procedures, triggers, views and cursors.
Created Cluster/Non - Cluster Index, Unique/Check Constraints, Views, functions.
Published Power BI Reports in the required originations and Made Power BI Dashboards available in Web clients and mobile apps.
Developed dashboards and ad-hoc reports using MS Power BI and SSRS for senior management team for analysis.
Involved in database development using stored procedures, triggers, views and cursors
Involved in creating MDX, DAX, Cubes and Tabular models using SQL Analysis Services (SSAS).
Wrote efficient Stored Procedures for the Optimal Performance of the system.
Implemented projects using Agile Methodology.
Embedded Power BI reports on SharePoint portal page and managed access of reports and data for individual users using Roles.
Implemented advanced SQL queries using DML and DDL statements to extract large quantities of data from multiple data points on MS SQL and Teradata SQL Assistant
Implemented custom SSRS Reports to Internal operation team by reading data from the QNXT Database.
Created Reporting interface for Customer service team by reading the data from QNXT Claim, Claim Detail tables. Responsible for testing to optimize the procedures and triggers to be used in production
Used various sources to pull data into Power BI such as Sql Server, SAP BW, Oracle, SQL Azure etc.
Generated dashboards in POWER BI Desktop and POWER BI Service using super-fast slice and dice and modern data visualization features.
Used QlikView to extract, transform and load (ETL) source data from transaction systems
Designed and developed new ETL/SSIS package that load data from OLTP into our existing Data Warehouse based on technical specifications and business requirements.
Designed dimensional data model of the OLAP database using Erwin.
Automated Power Query refresh using power shell script and windows task scheduler.
Responsible for Creating and Modifying T-SQL stored procedures/triggers for validating the integrity of the data.
Used Power BI Desktop to develop data analysis multiple data sources to visualize the reports.
Deployed Dashboards, Reports and Data sources in the Power BI Service
Implemented Copy activity, Custom Azure Data Factory Pipeline Activities. Primarily involved in Data Migration using SQL, SQL Azure, Azure storage, and Azure Data Factory, SSIS, Power Shell
Created C# applications to load data from Azure storage blob to Azure SQL, to load from web API to Azure SQL and scheduled web jobs for daily loads
Design, Develop, test, and deploy ELT/ETL pipelines using Azure Data Factory.
Implemented Copy activity, Data flow, triggers in Azure Data Factory Pipeline Activities.
Developed multiple complex ETL pipelines and activities stores for full and incremental data loads into a Azure SQL DW.
Experienced working on larger datasets.
Designed, Developed and Deployed reports in MS SQL Server using Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).
Developed single value and multi valued parameterized reports for Business Users using Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).
Generated several drill down and drill through reports using SSRS.

Environment: MS SQL Server 2012/2014/2016/2019, SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS), T-SQL, DAX, Power BI Desktop, DAX, MDX, JIRA, Tableau, Microsoft Visual Studio 2014, Excel, Azure.

Client: Collective Intelligence, Mechanicsburg, PA.
Duration: April 2018 – Dec 2019
Role: Power BI Developer / Tableau

Responsibilities:
Gathered report requirements and determined the best solution to provide the results in either a Reporting Services report or Power BI.
Installed and configured Power BI Desktop.
Created Power BI Visualizations and Dashboards as per the requirements.
Created effective reports using visualizations such as Bar chart, Clustered Column Chart, Waterfall Chart, Gauge, Pie Chart, Tree map etc. in Power BI.
Designed and developed SSIS Packages (.dtsx files) to import and export data from MS Excel, SQL Server and Flat files.
Writing complex SQL Queries, Stored Procedures, Triggers, Views, Cursors and User Defined Functions to implement the business logic.
Created SSIS packages to integrate the data coming from flat files
Migrated SSIS Packages from during data migration.
Optimized queries by looking at Execution Plan for better tuning of the database.
Used Temp Tables to reduce the number of rows for joins, to aggregate data from different sources for different reports.
Designed and developed various complex reports such as Drill down, Drill Through, Cross Tabbed using MS Reporting Services.
Created SSIS packages for loading data from SAP BW/BI to SQL Server.
Performed database backup and deployment to the production server.
Involved in modifying existing DataStage Jobs for better performance.
Created detail Technical documentation of various staging area operations for future reference and guidance.
Created reports using stored procedure. Involved in scheduling, creating snapshots and subscriptions for the reports (SSRS)
Installation and configuration of SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS). Created reports using stored procedure. Involved in scheduling, creating snapshots and subscriptions for the reports
Involved in Normalization and De-Normalization of existing tables for faster query retrieval
Involved in SIT (System Integration Testing) and UAT testing, bug fixing and documentation for the project.
Designed STAR, SNOW FLAKE Schemas
Organized dashboards in Tableau to analyze the revenue, expense over various attributes of employee, project, time and location dimension.
Created Rich dashboards using Tableau Dashboard and prepared user stories to create compelling dashboards to deliver actionable insights.
Installed patches on server and documented upgrade plan form Tableau 9.2 to Tableau 9.3.
Created and assisted users in Tableau dashboard development. Designed Visual Reports and interactive Dashboards in Tableau.
Created Data Connections, published on Tableau Server for usage with Operational/Monitoring Dashboards
Administered user, user groups, and scheduled instances for reports in Tableau

Environment: MS SQL Server 2012/2014/2016, MS SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS), Tableau Desktop 9.2, Tableau Desktop 9.3, Tableau Server, Salesforce, Intacct, Power BI Desktop, Power BI Service, Data Gateway, DAX, T SQL, SQL Profiler, XMLA, MS Excel, Excess, Windows 8.

Client: KPMG, Roseland, NJ.
Duration: July 2017 – April 2018
Role: Power BI Reports Developer

Responsibilities:
Gather requirements from the business user, document it to develop BI reports.
Query the data model, create Calculated Columns and Measures using DAX Functions to incorporate logics in the Power BI data sets.
Connect various data sources like Mongo DB, SQL Server, SAP Hana, AAS, ADW, SSAS Flat files, Excel, CSV, etc. using import, direct query or live connect mode to Power BI Desktop.
Develop reports in the Power BI Desktop and collaborate in the My Workspace or App Workspace to share with team members.
Develop Power BI reports using streaming data evaluated business insights predictions using R and Python in BI reports.
Validate the reports in the Development, QA, UAT and Production environments.
Pin dashboard and reports in the Power BI Service. Define Row Level Security from Power BI Desktop and publish the report to Power BI Service.
Assign the defined security on reports, dashboards and data sets from Power BI Service.
Configure the data sources in the On-premises Data Gateway.
Share the reports, dashboards, and data sets with the business user and stakeholders.
Impose usage controls on data set and reports by using Admin Portal from Power BI Service.
Document data model and reports for the future reference.
Demonstrate the BI reports and model with business users.
Use SQL to analyze and collect the sample data to understand the scope of reports.
Extract dataset from different data source including SQL Server, excel and flat file prepare datasets for Power BI
Created Different types of reports based on customer Request.
Created Sub Reports and Drill- Through Reports and developers them to Share Point Server Working on performance tuning to Test the Query Execution.
Created Ad-hoc Reports, Sub Reports, Drill-Through and Drill-Down Reports
Exposure in using Team Foundation Server as a source control, source repository and project tracking Solution.

Environment: SQL Server 2012/2014/2016, SQL Server Integration Service, Power BI, Azure, SSMS, T-SQL, PL/ SQL, Enterprise Manager, Profiler, MS Visio, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, SQL Server DTS, Sybase, Visual Studio, Excel, SQL, BO

Client: Marathon Petroleum, Canton, OH.
Duration: June 2016 – June 2017
Role: SSRS Reports Developer

Responsibilities:
Developed and Optimized Stored Procedures, Views, and User-Defined Functions for the Application
Developed Physical data models and created DML scripts to create database schema and database objects
Employed Server Group Management, new to SQL Server 2008 which enables T-SQL queries to be issued against multiple servers from a single central management server.
Performed Debugging on the Stored procedures for the requirement to handle the errors
Employed Transparent Data Encryption, a new feature of SQL Server 2008 to store the data securely by encrypting the database files.
Development of custom scripts and stored procedures for data import and manipulation
Implemented Full Text Search for fast and efficient querying when large and unstructured data is encountered.
Used SSIS to create ETL packages to validate, extract, transform and load data to data warehouse and data marts
Migrated data from Heterogeneous Data Sources and legacy system (DB2, Access, Excel) to SQL Server databases using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) to overcome transformation constraints.
Implemented Incremental load, used Event Handlers to clean the data from different data sources
Generated periodic reports based on the statistical analysis of the data from various time frame and division using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)
Developed various operational Drill-through and Drill-down reports using SSRS
Developed different kind of reports such a Sub Reports, Charts, Matrix reports, Linked reports.
Used cascaded parameters to generate a report from two different Data Sets.
Involved with Query Optimization to increase the performance of the Report.
Developed Reports for business end users using Report Builder with updating Statistics.
Involved in Analyzing, designing, building &, testing of OLAP cubes with SSAS 2005
Interacting with the Database Administrator to maintain the database used DBCC Statements to perform maintenance tasks before backing up the databases.
Database and Log Backups and Scheduling Backups by creating and deploying SSIS packages.
Dealt with Fine-tuning Stored Procedures to improve performance with a Query plan using SQL Tuning advisor.
Employed Filtered Indexes to improve query performance and reduce the storage and maintenance cost.
Interacting with Business Analysts and Developers in identifying the requirements and designing and implementing the Database Schema
Documented and maintained database system specifications, diagrams, and connectivity charts

Environment: MS SQL Server 2008/2008R2/2012/2014, Integration Services (SSIS), Reporting Services (SSRS), Analysis Services (SSAS), DTS, C#, .Net, T-SQL, Windows 95/NT/2000/2003, XML, MS Excel, MS Access, MS visual Studio, BIDS

Client: Walmart, Bentonville, AR.
Duration: Jan 2014 – June 2016
Role: MS SQL Server Developer

Responsibilities:
Responsible for designing data model for staging database and implementing.
Creating application specific server logins and granting access to appropriate databases.
Designed and developed an approach to consolidate data from multiple source entities into single flat file.
Responsible for implementing the ETL Extract Transform Load process.
Designed and developed dynamic SSIS packages to process dynamic queries and dynamically produce flat files at runtime.
Created web service to enable the remote execution of the SSIS from the database server.
Integrated the web service with web application to allow users to kickoff the extraction process from intranet/internet web application.
Created user access module to allow specific group of users to be able to login to the intranet/internet system and submit the data extract request.
Responsible for creating new SSIS packages and maintaining existing SSIS packages which are used for data load.
Extensively used SQL Server Profiler to debug the application execution flow and dynamic queries being executed against the database.
Effectively handled hacking and SQL injection attacks on database application.
Implemented effective error handling to notify the support person about any errors rose in SSIS package during the extraction process by sending emails with complete error details.
Created views to retrieve data from one or more tables.
Creating indexes on existing tables and updating the existing indexes over a period of time.
Creating and debugging SQL stored procedures.
Extensive T-SQL development to create stored procedures and user access control.
Finding bottle necks in queries and stored procedures and fine tuning.
SSIS packages extracts data from different sources each time and produce different output files and uploaded to different FTP folders. The options selected by user determine the files to be produced and queries to be executed.
Used Serena PVCS for version controlling.
Publishing the actual and plan data from Cognos Planning cubes into SQL Server database.
Synchronizing the Dev and Model databases of Cognos Planning from Production.
Testing and bug fixing before moving the application to Production.

Environment: MS SQL Server 2008/2008R2/2012, ASP.NET, SQL Server Integration Services SSIS, SQL Server Reporting Services SSRS, Business Intelligence Development Studio BIDS, Management Studio, Transact-SQL, MS Excel, Excel VBA, .NET framework 2.0, Web Services, TextPad, Live Meeting and Windows XP/2003.
Contact this candidate