Email: adrd4t@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile: 510-***-****
Hina Batra
HIGHLIGHTS
● Available to join Immediately. No Visa sponsorship needed(GC holder).
● 10+ Years of experience in data analytics, exploration, designing and building enterprise data warehouses and reporting solutions using Tableau as primary BI tool.
● Seasoned BI engineer with extensive experience in building & managing data warehouses and BI reporting solutions.
● Handled a large volume of data sources from heterogeneous platforms and worked on integrating multiple upstream systems to provide a unified view of dimensions and metrics.
● Extensive experience on designing data pipelines & ETL framework using Big Data technologies like Hadoop,Hive/Impala.
● Gained advanced skills in Data analysis,Tableau,Big data solutions,SQL and Data warehousing.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Environment Big data(Hadoop/Presto/Hive/Impala), Vertica, Oracle, SQL Server
,Snowflake
BI Tools Tableau, Microstrategy, Cognos
Languages SQL, Python/Scala, C#
WORK Experience
Facebook (On Payroll of EOS IT) Jan 2021 - Present Technology/Tools Used: Tableau, Presto, SQL,Asana Project details: Building analytical solutions for providing insights on product behaviour & user engagement for audio visual products used for internal & external events. This project involved building datasets and dashboards to analyse the product usage across various platforms for VC to boost overall productivity and monitor operations. Roles & Responsibilities:
● Working with business users to set up new product workflows and ensure accurate logging to capture all events with required attributes.
● Translating high level product goals to metrics and dashboards that can be used to derive insights.
Page 1 of 5
● Data Modelling/Building Pipelines & Datasets to aggregate data from different systems into one place.
● Handled complex design and data modeling using star and snowflake schema
● Owned and maintained high visibility leadership dashboards to monitor progress for goals and operations.
● Built analytical solution to analyse overall usage of devices & interactions with products for hosting events in Facebook.
● Built data marts/datasets from scratch to track multiple domains like incoming demand, scheduling, Inventory, operations & User NPS.
MatchesFashion (BI Analyst) April 2019 - Feb 2020
Technology/Tools Used: Tableau,SQL Server, Hive/Impala,Snowflake Project Details: Development of analytics solutions for CRM & Sales for MatchesFashion. Handled Full Life-cycle BI and Data warehousing projects inclusive of requirements analysis, design, data modelling, development, testing and implementation. Successfully handled applications consisting of many dashboards with high volumes of data involving orders, logistics and campaign data.
Roles & Responsibilities:
● Designing and building enterprise data systems(data warehouse / data-marts) for CRM/Sales functions.
● Ownership of Design & development for ETL pipelines/dashboards using Python/Tableau to provide visibility in business KPIs.
● Lead migration from Microstrategy to Tableau set up which involved setting up Tableau environment from scratch, setting up user access & designing the load strategy.
● Owned data modelling & ETL/Aggregation layer for CRM & Sales data marts using Python and big data platform using Hadoop(Hive) etc.
● Working closely with business users for data exploration to debug metrics movements and coming up with root causes & analysis.
● Interfacing with business users to understand the requirements and translating into technical requirements for ETL and dashboards.
● Handled complex design and data modeling using star and snowflake schema
● Design and development of highly impactful, innovative and reliable Dashboards/Visualization for business partners across all functions
● Actively participated and contributed to BI environment migration from on premise to AWS Platform.
● Involved in administration tasks such as publishing workbooks, setting permissions, managing ownerships, providing access to the users and adding them to the specific group and scheduled instances for reports in Tableau Server.
● Training & Onboarding new business users to Tableau desktop & server. CISCO(BI Analyst) Aug 2017 - Jan 2018
Page 2 of 5
Technology/Tools Used:Tableau,Oracle,Hadoop,Hive,Impala,Spark Project Details: Analytics solution for service request management which involved handling the lifecycle of service requests, helping with queue prioritisation and reducing the backlog, understanding impact of service requests on Clients, planning & operations. Roles & Responsibilities:
● Handled migration of data sources from Oracle to Hive/Impala which involved re-writing and optimizing queries on Impala.
● Create a POC to test the performance of the database queries in Hive and Impala
● Owned ETL for creating aggregation layers for dashboards.
● Designing end to end Load strategy across aggregates/Tableau.
● Involved in Designing, developing and maintaining interactive Tableau functional reports based on Business requirements.
● Working with Tableau support on cases, gathering logs, adjusting configuration
● Conducting Tableau training: basic, Designing Efficient Dashboards and dashboard design for analysts.
● Involved in administration tasks such as publishing workbooks, setting permissions, managing ownerships, providing access to the users and adding them to the specific group and scheduled instances for reports in Tableau Server. AON Hewitt Services Pvt Ltd.(BI Analyst/Data Analyst) May 2014-Sep 2015 Technology/Tools Used:Tableau, Oracle
AON Gate: This product enables the Aon Customers to conduct engagement surveys across the organisations and helps in capturing & analysing the outcome. As part of this project, I worked on an end to end lifecycle of engagement survey models to Collect and analyse the right data to shape employee engagement analytics. I was involved in Analysis, development, QA, implementation, monitoring and administration of the Tableau Dashboards & Reports. Roles & Responsibilities:
● Building Tableau applications that automate survey data analysis for measuring employee engagement.
● Ability to translate business requirements into technical requirements and design for dashboards and applications.
● Tableau Environment Setup, including Server Setup with AD integration
● Dashboard creation and demonstration to the Top management
● End to End ownership of BI Stack.
Hewlett Packard (HP)(BI Analyst) Oct 2011-Mar2014
Technology/Tools Used:Tableau, SQL Server
Clinical Information Systems(Healthways). Healthways employees (internal providers, supervisors and offering administrators) use the Embrace CIS to deliver interventions to program members. The Whole lifecycle starts from a survey which is taken by a patient, followed by a consultation from a clinician who prescribes a certain program and then results are captured to help the patient achieve better results. Page 3 of 5
Role:
● Help identify and assess potential data sources in SQL server and flat files.
● ETL using SSIS packages to integrate data from multiple data sources into one place.
● Development of Tableau dashboards to be used by senior level executives.
● Worked on complete SDLC from Analysis to Deployment of Applications. Robert Bosch Engineering & Business Solution Ltd(BI Developer) June2010- Sep2011
Technology/Tools Used: Microstrategy,SQL Server
BOSCH-LINK: Boschlink is basically an online catalog for the power tools within Bosch. Users have a type and a role and the site itself will run in one of a few modes. The functionality of each section and pages within the sections are determined by the logged in user’s role and the current mode.
Role:
● Involved in the development and enhancement of the data marts for capturing all metrics for Boschlink.
● Owning & Maintaining Microstrategy environment,building dashboards,training team mates.
● Involved in the requirement gathering and interacting with the business users on the daily basis.
● Followed coding standards, code review process, and various development processes of the project.
Accenture Services Pvt. Ltd.(BI Developer/ DataAnalyst) Nov2006-May2010
Technology/Tools Used: Informatica/Cognos, Oracle(SQL/PL SQL),Vertica Role:
● Worked on complete SDLC from Analysis to Deployment of dashboards.
● Interacting with users to understand business requirements and build visualization on cognos.
● Got many opportunities to work closely with customer onshore on all aspects BI e.g. data modeling, Reporting, ETL, scripting/programming, application development, metadata management, project management etc.
● Owned ETL pipelines built on Informatica to bring data sources from multiple databases, built aggregates for dashboards.
EDUCATION
Year Degree Institution Percentage/
CGPA
2006 B.TECH (Computer
Science) Kurukshetra University 70.4%
Page 4 of 5
Page 5 of 5
Contact this candidate