Sujatha Reddy
SQL/Power BI Developer
Phone: +1-737-***-****
Email: adrm7e@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
Around 7 Years of Experience in Business Intelligence /SQL Developer and Data Analyst. Extensive T - SQL, SSIS, SSRS, Power BI with initiatives that utilizes software and hardware components within a creative and technology-driven organization.
T-SQL development skills in Objects creation such as Tables and Views, User Defined functions, Indexes, Stored Procedures, CTE, Cursors and Triggers using SQL Server 2008R 2/2012/2014.
Expert in generating on-demand and scheduled reports for business analysis or management decision using SQL Servers Reporting Services (SSRS), Tableau and POWER BI. Periodic reporting is done on a daily, weekly, monthly and quarterly basis which helps the client.
Created various types of charts like Heat Maps, Geocoding, Symbol Maps, Pie Charts, Bar Charts, Tree Maps, Gantts, Circle Views, Line Charts, Area Charts, Scatter Plots, Bullet Graphs and Histograms in Power BI and Excel to provide better data visualization.
Expert in generating on-demand and scheduled reports for business analysis or management decision using SQL Servers Reporting Services (SSRS), POWER BI.
Solid knowledge of Power BI and Tableau Desktop report performance optimization.
Created Excel reports, Dashboards & Performing Data validation activity VLOOKUP, HLOOKUP, Macros, formulas, index match, Slicer with (Pivot table, Get Pivot Data, Dashboards), Power View, Power Map and Heat Map.
Create data ingestion frameworks with dataflows using Power Query
Expertise in tuning and best practices patterns for Gateways and clusters of gateways
Expert on Microsoft Power BI and Tableau reports, dashboards, and publishing to the end users for executive level Business Decision.
Worked on ALM framework for Power BI projects.
Responsible for developing PowerApps model and canvas driven apps.
Good Experience in the Microsoft Power Platform – MS PowerApps, Flow, SharePoint
Experience customizing SharePoint lists and disparate systems with PowerApps.
A clear understanding of PowerApps formulas and development methods.
Experience in developing PowerApps model.
Experience in Create, edit, and delete data factories and child resources including datasets, linked services, pipelines, triggers, and integration runtimes in ADF.
Expert on maintaining and managing POWER BI driven reports and dashboards.
Experience in maintaining the Log and Audit information in SQL tables, and providing Logging, Error Handling by using Event Handler for SSIS Packages.
Experienced in working in Agile Scrum, Waterfall and SDLC methodology environments.
Developed Tableau visualizations and dashboards using Tableau Desktop.
Experience in creating various Parameterized, Cascaded, linked and Drill-through & Drill-down reports.
Experience in SQL server administrative skills including backups, disaster recovery, database maintenance, user roles, authentication and authorizations and database creation.
Generated periodic reports based on the statistical analysis of the data from various time frame and division using Power BI. Good in Analytical thinking for translating data into informative visuals and reports.
TECHNICAL SKILLS:

BI Tools : Microsoft Power BI, Tableau 10.x & 9.x, Alteryx 10.6/11.5, Tableau prep 2018.2/2018.1, SAP BO, SSRS, Power Apps, Power Automate
Relational Database : Oracle, MS Access, SQL Server, Impala.
Tools and Packages : SQL Server, ADF,MS Office, Jira
Languages : SQL, PL/SQL.
Operating Systems : Windows 2000/2003, 2008 Server, Windows 95/98/2000/XP/7

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Noble Drilling, TX Feb’22 - Present
BI Developer
Responsibilities:
Agile scrum team environment, 2-week sprints, daily standup, team player, and collaborative.
Developed reports and dashboards using Power BI based on the requirements on historical for financial data.
Experience in writing the DAX Functions in Power BI and Power Pivot.
Working with Azure, data bricks, Azure Data Factory for Code Pipeline, Code Build, Code Deploy and WinSQL for direct queries.
Develop Datasets for the Reports and Dashboards.
Develop Stored Procedures for Reports / dashboards to pull data into Power BI query editor.
Create dashboards by using SSRS, Power BI.
Create Stored Procedure for ETL packages.
Working with DBA team and development teams on database health performance counters, blocking, deadlocking, fragmentation levels, and database growth trends.
Developed tabular queries for efficient analysis of report using Pivot/Un pivot in T-SQL.
Identified the database tables for defining the queries and defined datasets for report generation.
Performed Index analysis for tables and produced more efficient solutions to use Clustered and Non-Clustered Indexes.
Experience in developing application in PowerApps using common data service CDS, SQL, Flow, Excel and SharePoint.
Enable Row Level security for the tables on DW, so that not every user can see the confidential data.
In reports we develop Cascading Parameter Reports, Drill Down reports, Sub reports using SSRS as well for the hard mailing copies required by the business for Document purpose.
Proficient with DAX and improving the performance/tuning measures (and business logic)
Expertise in Power BI, Power BI Pro, Power BI Mobile. Expert in creating and developing Power BI Dashboards into rich look.
Experience in Migration project from Azure to SQL Server using ADF.
Handling security level issues towards server / Instance / database level.
Created complex dashboard using parameters, sets, groups, calculations, and drill down and drill up in worksheets and customization using filters and actions.
Have good knowledge on Azure Data Lake, Azure Data Factory, SQL Data Warehouse Azure Blob, Azure Storage Explorer.
Skillful in ETL-Extraction Transformation Loading, from heterogeneous sources (Excel, Flat file, .CSV file, Access DB, DB2) by using multiple transformations provided by SSIS. Suchas Data Conversion, Conditional Split, Lookup, Derived Column, Sort, merge, and union all.

Aarete Technologies Private Limited July’21- Dec’21
Power BI Developer
Responsibilities:
Create Database Objects - Tables, Indexes, Views, Stored Procedures and User defined functions according to the requirements of the project.
As a Power BI SME responsible for the design, development and production support of interactive data visualizations used across the company.
Conducted meetings with business stakeholders, clients and director level members for requirement gatherings and presented various solutions using best practices.
Expertise in data preparation with experience in blending multiple data connections and creating multiple joins across same and various data sources.
Develop Stored Procedures for Reports / dashboards to pull data into Power BI query editor.
Excellent SQL skills for daily testing of data using various SQL queries.
Managed Power BI Portal - Data refreshes / User management and set up gateway data refresh.
Used Parameters and Quick filters, Dynamic X and Y axes using Parameters, Table Calculations.
Solid experience in building interactive reports, dashboards, and/or integrating modeling results and have strong Data Visualization design skills and analytic background by using POWER BI and Tableau desktop.
Created complex dashboard using parameters, sets, groups and calculations and drill down and drill up in worksheets and customization using filters and actions.
Created ad-hoc reports to users in Tableau Desktop by connecting various data sources, multiple views, and associated reports.
Responsible for creating SQL data sets for Tableau recurring and Ad-hoc Reports.
Worked directly with stakeholders for requirements gathering and developing various decision-making Dashboards.
Created developing dashboards and reporting visualization.
Created joins and sub-queries for complex queries involving multiple tables.
Created various reports using Tableau based on the client’s needs.
Expert on creating multiple kind of Report in Tableau and present it using Story Points.
Created Dashboards Scorecards, views, pivot tables, charts, for further data analysis.
Expert on creating complex CTE, Sub Queries, Joins, cumulative queries for multiple kind of reports.
Used JIRA as tracking tool.
Use ADO for making the development organization faster, leaner, and more agile and to get on the track with the User stories and to improve iteration planning practices.
Develop reports and dashboards using Power BI based on the requirements on historical for healthcare data.
Performed super user trainings in Basic and Advanced Tableau Desktop.
Extracting data from various source files like Excel, JSON, XML, OLEDB and Flat files and loaded the data to a SQL Server DB target table.

Infosys - Apple Dec’18 – May’21
SQL BI / Power BI Developer

Responsibilities:
Responsible to work as a leader inside Data Management to improve scalable Microsoft based ETL using SSIS and reporting solutions using Power BI to meet the business needs of the organization for its data warehouse.
Create Database Objects - Tables, Indexes, Views, Stored Procedures and User defined functions according to the requirements of the project.
Created, maintained & scheduled various reports in SSRS such as Tabular Reports, Matrix Reports & Parameterized Reports using SQL Server Reporting Services SSRS.
Expert in connecting multiple data sources in Tableau to implement working reports.
Hands on experience in developing reports and dashboards visualization.
Developed confidential proprietary analytical tools and reports with Microsoft Excel, and Power Pivot, and Power Point. Slicer, Pivot chart, Pie Chart, Macros.
Expert in creating Dashboards Scorecards, views, pivot tables, charts, for further data analysis using Power BI desktop.
Created and deployed Matrix, Grid, Chart, and Gauge Reports utilizing SSRS. Created parameters for SSRS reports as well as drill-down and interactive sorting capability.
Implemented subscriptions and snapshots in the SSRS Report Manager.
Researched problems thoroughly to diagnose the root cause by pulling data from multiple Sources, Developed Reports and dashboards using Power BI.
Created dashboard designing with effective data visualization of large data volumes from various data sources (SQL server, oracle, spreadsheets etc).
Developed Tableau data visualization using Cross Map, Scatter Plots, Geographic Map, Pie Charts and Bar Charts, Page Trails, and Density Chart.
Develop reports and dashboards using Power BI based on the requirements on historical for healthcare data.
Design SSIS Packages to transfer data from flat files to SQL Server using Business Intelligence Development Studio.
Provided customer support to Tableau users and Wrote Custom SQL to support business requirements.
Designing, creating, and publishing customized interactive reports, dashboards, and scheduling using Tableau Server.
Agile scrum team environment, 2-week sprints, daily stand up, team player, and collaborative.
Created detailed level summary report using Trend lines, Statistics, log axes, groups, and hierarchies.
Created Bullet graphs to determine profit generation by using measures and dimensions data from MS SQL Server, MS Access, MS Excel, and Oracle.
Work with Azure, data bricks, Azure Data Factory for Code Pipeline, Code Build, Code Deploy and WinSQL for direct queries.

Sutherland Global Services - Dell July ’15 – Nov ‘18
SQL/ BI Consultant

Responsibilities:
Responsible to work as a leader inside Data Management to improve scalable Microsoft based ETL using SSIS and reporting solutions using Tableau to meet the business needs of the organization for its data warehouse.
dashboards on server Using Tableau Desktop.
Created conditional filters and Action links to filter the data on dashboard.
Using Execution Plan, SQL Profiler and Database Engine Tuning Advisor to optimize queries and enhance the performance of databases.
Work on SSIS performance tuning using counters, error handling, event handling, re-running of failed SSIS packages using checkpoints and scripting with VB.net in SSIS.
Created SSIS Packages to migrate slowly changing dimensions.
Create package configuration file with connection information source, staging databases and send mail task connection information and log directory path value.
Perform the Unit testing after the development. Support Designing the Reports as per client Requirement and created the reports using Excel file and SQL Server database.
Created complex reports utilizing the features like hierarchy, New Calculated Columns, Drill functionality, Tables, graphs, line Charts and Bar Charts.
Created Parameters to achieve desired functionality.
Implemented Binning & Blending concepts in my Tableau Reports.
Worked on Dual Axis concept while working with reports.
Created Filters, Groups, Sets on Tableau Reports.
Created and modified some of the existing reports and dashboards.
Publishing sheets and QA and UAT testing as requested.
Contact this candidate