Name: AKULA KRISHNA
Email:adrx47@r.postjobfree.com Mobile: 957-***-****
CAREER OBJECTIVE
To work efficiently in a challenging environment that provides me scope for growth to the best of my potential in my personal and professional career and use my skills in the best possible way for achieving the goals set in a competitive and healthy manner PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Having Around 2.6 Years of Professional IT Experience with Business Intelligence tools like Power BI (Power BI Desktop and Power BI Service).
Experience in connecting with multiple data sources like SQL Server and Excel to Power BI to build complex Datasets.
Extensively worked on performing the ETL Activities in Power Query.
Good Experience in filtering the Unwanted Data in Power Query.
Extensively used transformations like Merge Queries, Append Queries, Pivoting the Column, Un Pivoting Columns, Adding Custom Columns, Splitting the Columns, Merging the Columns etc.
Extensive Experience in doing Data Modeling in Power Pivot Model.
Extensively worked on Enhancing the Data Model by Creating New Columns, New Measure and New Tables using DAX Expressions.
Extensively used different Categories of DAX functions like Time Intelligence Function, Filter Functions, Date Functions, Logical Functions, Text Functions, Number and Statistical Functions for Creating New Information.
Extensively worked in Power View for Presenting the Data in Graphical Format using Different Visualizations in Power BI.
Hands on Experience with Visual level, Page level, Report level and Drill Through filters for filtering the data in a Report.
Good Experience in Creating Hierarchies and Drilldown Reports.
Extensive Experience in Creating APP Workspaces and adding the Members to APP Workspace to Manage the Content in Power BI Service.
Experience in publishing the Reports to Power BI Service and setting up the necessary connections.
Extensive Experience in Creating the Dashboards using Multiple Reports.
Worked on On-Premise Data Gateway to Refresh and Schedule Refresh the Data in the Dataset.
Implemented ROW LEVEL SECURITY (RLS) as part of security in Power BI.
Hands on Experience on writing SQL Queries as part of testing the Data. EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION
Bachelor of Technology from Geethanjali college of Eng & Tech, Hyderabad. EMPLOYMENT SUMMARY
Currently working with Bydint IT Solutions Private Limited, Hyderabad as a power BI developer since December 2019 to till date.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Reporting Tool : Power BI (Desktop & Service)
Programming Languages : SQL, DAX
Databases : SQL Server
Skills : MS Excel, PowerPoint, Word
Operating Systems : Windows 7/8/10
PROJECT EXPERIENCE
Project
Client : eBay Inc Date: May 2020 – Jun 2022
Role : Power BI Developer
Environment : Power BI Desktop, Power BI Service, SQL Server DESCRIPTION
eBay Inc. is an American multinational e-commerce corporation based in San Jose, California, that facilitates consumer-to-consumer and business-to-consumer sales through its website. eBay was founded by Pierre Omidyar in 1995, and became a notable success story of the dot-com bubble. eBay is a multibillion-dollar business with operations in about 32 countries, as of 2019. The company manages the eBay website, an online auction and shopping website in which people and businesses buy and sell a wide variety of goods and services worldwide. The website is free to use for buyers, but sellers are charged fees for listing items after a limited number of free listings, and again when those items are sold.
RESPONSIBILITIES
Participated in requirements meetings and Scrum Calls to understand the Report Requirements.
Identified and Documented detailed business rules.
Used Power Query / Query Editor for Data transformation as per the reporting needs.
Created Data Model in Power Pivot by Establishing the Relationship Between the tables.
Created New Columns and New Measures over data models for the purpose of enhancing Power BI visuals using DAX.
Developed at least two - three visual options for each report for discussion with stakeholders and customers.
Integrated Custom Visuals based on business requirements using Power BI desktop.
Created Hierarchies and Drilldown Reports.
Created Microsoft Power BI Dashboards in Power BI Service using Reports.
Installed and Configured Data Gateways to Refresh and Schedule Refresh the Dataset.
Managed access of Reports, Dashboards and Data for individual users using roles.
Implemented Row Level Security as part of Security. TECHNOLOGIES
Windows 10, SQL Server, Power BI, Excel
PERSONAL ASSETS
Able to work independently as well as a team.
Adaptability.
Dedication towards work.
Confidence and Positive attitude towards the work.
Punctuality.
I hereby declare that above furnished particulars are true to the best of my knowledge.
Date:
Place:
(AKULA KRISHNA)
Contact this candidate