Page * of *
Abhilash Goud Mudimala
Phone: +91-814*******
Email: abhilashgoud48204820@@gmail.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
4.5 years of IT experience with the Data Warehousing Using Reporting tool like Power BI Developer and 1 Year experience in SQL server
Having Good Experience on Power BI Desktop and Service and worked on the Power BI Reports & Dashboards.
Experienced to use standard visualizations like Slicer, Card, stacked column chart, Clustered column chart, Line and stacked column chart, Line and clustered column chart, and map.
Experienced to use custom visualizations.
Comfortable in working with filters, calculated columns, measures, relationships, and transformations of edit query section.
Published/shared reports by creating content pack in app.powerbi.com/sharing pbix file
Have good experience to implement RLS as part of security.
Working on DAX functions to create Calculated Columns and Measures.
Experience in Generating Reports like Pie-Charts, Bar Graphs, Drill downs, Drill through, Navigation Reports Using Power BI.
Shared dashboards to users through Office 365, Content Packs and Apps.
Having experience in data modelling using the Data Warehousing concepts like Star Schema, Snowflake schema, Dimensions tables and Fact tables.
Requirements gathering and coordinating between client and offshore development team.
Experienced in taking regular off-line, online, and logical Backups.
Configured and Maintaining RMAN to take back up of the production Databases.
Experience on Database Cloning using Cold, Hot and RMAN Backups.
An excellent team player, have very good relationships with the various Application teams and the infrastructure teams.
Configured Data Guard (Physical standby) for the production environments and tested for fail over and switch over.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Operating Systems : SQL-T-SQL, Oracle SQL, PLSQL, DAX
Languages : SQL Server 2012, SQL Server 2016
Reporting Tools : Power BI
EDUCATION
B.com from Vivekananda Degree college Hyderabad in 2017 with 65%. Professional Experience:
Currently Working as BI Developer for Tech Mahindra since 2017 to till date. PROJECT#1
Client : Perigon Technologies Pvt Ltd
Role : Power BI Developer
Environment : Power BI, Power BI Services.
Page 2 of 4
Roles and Responsibilities:
Worked on Strategy and Financial Analysis, participated in requirements meetings and Scrum Calls to understand the Report Requirements.
Worked on Web data as per client’s requirement.
Used Power Query for Data transformation as per the reporting needs.
Created Data Model in Power Pivot by Establishing the Relationship Between the tables.
Created New Columns and New Measures over data models for the purpose of enhancing Power BI visuals using DAX.
Integrated Custom Visuals based on business requirements using Power BI desktop.
Created Microsoft Power BI Dashboards in Power BI Service using Reports.
Installed and Configured Data Gateways to Refresh the Dataset.
Managed access of Reports, Dashboards and Data for individual users using roles.
Implemented Row Level Security as part of Security.
Provided continued maintenance and development of bug fixes for the existing and new Power BI Reports.
PROJECT#2
Client : Cardinal Health - US
Role : Power BI Developer
Environment: Power BI, SQL, SQL Server
Description:
This Project provides different reports for making intelligent solutions based on data available in various branches across the worldwide connected over a period. It was established in 1891. It is American pharmaceutical company and one of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world. We have various products like vaccines, Animal Health, Oncology, Fosamax, Anti-bacterial and so on. The main objective of this project is to collect the data from various sources and dump into data warehouse once reach the requirements then build the dashboards as per client business logics. Roles and Responsibilities:
Create and develop Power BI visuals and data models as required.
Building Power BI dashboards and doing ad hoc reporting.
Experience in developing Visualization reports using Power BI as per client requirement.
Visualize data, author reports Publish and schedule automated refresh of reports.
Using DAX for Power BI Reports.
Designed the Reports with Conditional formatting.
Created calculated columns to simplify the data.
Prepared Weekly Status Reports and shared with the Onsite Managers.
Created Dimensions, Measure Groups with Custom formats. Page 3 of 4
Good experience on Sorting Attribute by another attribute based on requirement
Created Calculated Measures and maintaining using folders in the Cube
Created Table Binding Partitions based on Quarter
Added new dimension, new partition, or new business logic to existing SQL Server Cube
Created MDX Queries to pull data for SQL Server reports
Created Parameterized, Cascading and Drill Through Reports and Drill Down and Sub Reports.
PROJECT#3
Client : OKI DATA
Project name : SSP-OKI-XLS-POWERBI
Tool : Power BI, MS SQL
Project Summary:
OKI Data Group, which markets its products under the OKI brand, is focused on creating professional printed communications products, applications, and services. The OKI Data Group provides a wide range of devices, from printers, faxes and multi-functional products to business applications and consultancy services. OKI Data Americas also markets the OKI pro Colour Series, a line of digital production printers designed specifically for the arts and production market in North America to offer print solutions for colour-critical applications. Roles and Responsibilities:
Interacted with end-users to collect requirements and acquire the necessary domain knowledge to become a subject matter expert.
Understanding source systems and customer requirements.
Worked with Dashboards style of reports using all the Power BI components.
Worked with Pages and Page Visualizations in Power Bi Desktop.
Created Dashboards style of reports using Power Bi Desktop Visualizations like Bar Chart, Line Chart, Area Chart and Slicer etc.
Created the reports using charts like Pie, Bar, Line, KPI Visuals, Custom visuals, etc.
Charts are used in making reports more user-friendly in analysis purposes.
Developed User Interactive Reports as business needs.
Published reports into Power BI publisher and schedule the data sets. Additional Information
0Operating Systems Windows 7 & 10
Data/business/analysis
Advanced DAX
SAS base programming
Power BI, SAS Studio, Excel, T-SQL,
Page 4 of 4
PERSONAL DETAILS:
Date of birth : 18/06/1996
Father’s Name : Mr. Ashok Goud.
Language known : English, Hindi & Telugu.
Permanent Address : House No. 32-278/2, Plot No.-103, LB Nagar, Shapur Nagar, Geedimetla, Hyderabad-500055.
Contact this candidate