Joshua White
Business Intelligence Analyst and Power BI Developer
**** * ******* ***
Sioux Falls, SD 57103
712-***-****
ads4yk@r.postjobfree.com
EXPERIENCE
Aquent for General Motors, Remote— Digital Design & Visualization Lead
April 2022 - PRESENT
●Maintains and develops Performance Driven Marketing team’s flagship legacy reports used by hundreds of internal stakeholders and thousands of car dealership and field team members.
●Collaborated with Advanced Analytics team, including data scientists and machine learning engineers, to construct a new segmentation model to categorize dealerships into appropriate performance groups.
●Monitors ETL processes with data engineers to ensure timely and accurate data delivery.
●Re-designed legacy Power BI reports in accordance with new design and branding guidelines.
Allstate Identity Protection, Remote— Business Intelligence Engineer
March 2022 – September 2022
●Developed SQL queries, designed reports for AIP’s Operational Reporting Team and built API connection to Power BI for new client portal.
●Configured legacy SQL queries in new database environment and re-designed all legacy reports as part of global IT data migration.
●Performed data flow analysis and wrote documentation for data migration projects.
●Built new reporting model with Data Services Team to source Power BI reports.
●Evaluated model findings for new marketing personas and NPS survey data to deliver insights to executives.
●Managed workspace permissions, data lineage and report maintenance within the Power BI Service environment.
Premier Bankcard, Sioux Falls, SD — Power BI Developer/Business Analyst
August 2020 – March 2022
●Deployed Power BI as a new enterprise analytic platform for the Analytics department by working with management, Soft Dev and Networking departments. Established goals to migrate all existing RDL reports to Power BI.
●Crafted data governance frameworks and documentation for the analytics department. Served as Data Steward as part of the Data Governance Council.
●Served as Power BI Service Administrator by configuring department-wide and team specific workspaces, AD groups, and access permissions.
●Resolved data gateway issues to Azure Dev Ops, Google Analytics, and AWS API connectors.
●Built standardized data models using SQL, Power Query, and DAX for Customer Service, Digital and CX, and Business Requirements departments. Developed custom visual reports, dashboards, and paginated reports. Responsible for model and report maintenance, scheduling, and data lineage.
●Responsible for training the Analytics Department in Power BI best practices by conducting in-person training sessions and facilitating certification through a third-party training company.
Rambling Data, Sioux Falls, SD — Business Intelligence Data Consultant
December 2019 - PRESENT
●Served as independent analytic consultant for multiple businesses.
●Established data governance and frameworks for small business owners and assisted in developing automated workflows.
●Engineered ETL systems to meet the needs of clients.
●Developed Tableau, Power BI, and Qlik visual reports and dashboard for business stakeholders.
●Coordinated projects with internal teams.

Summit Classical Christian School, Fall City, WA — Headmaster
July 2018 - June 2020
●Supervised faculty of 20 teachers and administrative staff. Responsible for all hiring, firing, placement, onboarding, and training.
●Served as chief academic officer and developed K-12 curriculum roadmaps, academic competencies, and internal and standardized testing plans.
●Responsible for establishing a yearly budget with board approval by working staff accountant to model enrollment, retention, staff compensation, curricular and operational needs.
●Reported to the board of supervisors with academic, financial and school cultural updates.
●Fostered relationships among current and potential families, community leaders and business partners.
●Facilitated 31% increase in early enrollment from 2019 to 2020.
EDUCATION
Hebrew College, Newton Centre, MA — Masters of Arts in Jewish Studies
September 2012 - May 2014
Masters thesis on Jewish and Christian martyrdom in late antiquity through the early middle ages.
Recipient of the Myer and Anna Wolfe Prize for Excellence in Hebrew or Judaic Studies.
Northwestern College, Orange City, IA — Bachelor of Arts in Religion, minor in Philosophy
September 2007 - May 2012
Senior thesis on early Judaic thought in 1st and 2nd centuries AD.
SKILLS
BI Tools: Power BI, Tableau, Microsoft Report Builder.
Modeling Tools: SQL, Power Query, DAX, MS Excel .
Databases: MS SQL, Hadoop, Greenplum, PostgreSQL, Google Analytics, AWS.
Application Tools: MS Office, Azure Dev Ops, Sharepoint, Lucid, Yammer
CERTIFICATION
Microsoft Power BI Analyst (DA-100)
Tableau Certified Analyst and Designer
Data Science A-Z from SuperDataScience
SQL & Database Design A-Z: MS SQL Server + PostgreSQL from SuperDataScience
LANGUAGES
SQL
DAX
Python (beginner)
Contact this candidate