Sowmya
Power BI Developer
ads90i@r.postjobfree.com
469-***-****

Professional summary:
Over all 8 years of experience in IT industry with a strong background in Analysis, Design and Development in the field of Database and implementation of Business Intelligence applications.
Worked extensively in the field of Microsoft Business Intelligence (MSBI) and designed & developed solutions using Microsoft SQL Server, SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS).
Experience in designing/creating, deploying reports using SSRS.
Experience in creating ETL packages to automate and integrate different data sources in to SQL Server database using SSIS tool.
Worked extensively to integrate different data sources from other databases like DB2, Oracle to Redshift Database based on business requirement.
Experience with SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) Cube.
Experience with Power BI Dashboard.
Hands on experience in installing, configuring and managing SQL Server 2016/2012/2008/2005.
Worked extensively on creating Tables, Stored Procedures, Views, Indexes, Cursors, Triggers and User Defined Functions.
Worked extensively on RDBMS and Database design.
Experience in Migrating SQL Server, SSIS, SSRS projects to the latest versions and into Azure Infrastructure based on business requirement.
Explore data in a variety of ways and across multiple visualizations using Power BI.
Expert on creating multiple kind of Power BI Reports and Dashboards
Created, Maintained & scheduled various reports in Power BI.
Proficient in all phases of SDLC (analysis, design, development, testing and deployment) and highly competent in gathering user requirements
Published Power BI reports from Power BI desktop to Power BI service.
Created different visualization in Power BI according to the requirements.
Performed data cleaning, data validation, and data analysis using data analysis expressions (DAX), power query and power Pivot.
Experience in query optimization & performance tuning. Used Performance tools like SQL Profiler, Index Tuning Wizard and Database Engine Tuning Advisor
Published reports to Azure-based Power BI services (Pro) and schedule subscription and various sharing options (workspace, content pack, and Apps).
Excellent hands-on experience in groups, hierarchies, and measures, KPIs
Designed Practical Data Visualizations, Charts, Dashboards, Prototypes and Demos, for Analytical Projects and Data Visualization Community.
Expert in working on all phases of Data warehouse from gathering requirements to testing, implementation, and support.
Excellent knowledge in Performance tuning methodologies at a database level, ETL, and Report Level.
Proficient in the ER-Data Modeler, for the designing of Conceptual Design, Logical Design, and Physical Design and setting up the database model.
Excellent knowledge of Data Warehousing methodologies and concepts, including Star schema, Snowflake, ETL processes, Dimensional modeling and reporting tools.
Proficient in applying transformation rules - Data Conversion, Data Cleansing, Data Aggregation, Data Merging and Data split.
Expert in Creating, configuring and Fine-tuning SSIS packages, SSRS reports and T-SQL queries using tools like SQL profiler Monitoring tool.
Experience in creating jobs, alerts, SQL mail agent, and schedules for SSIS Packages in SQL Server Agent.
Highly proficient in using T-SQL for developing complex Stored Procedures, Triggers, Tables, Views, User Functions, User profiles, Relational Database Models and data Integrity, SQL joins and query Writing.
Optimized all major relational database and Datawarehouse and accessed multidimensional databases and flat files using SSIS.
Proficient in applying transformation rules - Data Conversion, Data Cleansing, Data Aggregation, Data Merging and Data split.
Expert in generating reports using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).
Proficient in SQL Enterprise Manager, SQL Query Analyzer, scheduling jobs with SQL Server Agent, and SQL Profiler.
Expertise in DAX & MDX Languages which helps in understanding and analyzing the data.
Worked in all the products in Power BI such as Power BI Pro, Embedded, Premium, Power BI Mobile...
Proficient in implementing surrogate key generation strategy in the Data warehouse.
Good team player, strong interpersonal and communication skills combined with self-motivation, initiative and the ability to think outside the box.

Technical Skills:
Data Warehousing/BI Tools SQL Server Business Intelligence Development – SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, DTS, Power BI, Tableau, Spotfire.
RDBMS/DBMS SQL Server, MS SQL SERVER 2005/08/12, ORACLE 9i/10g, MS Access.
Database tools Management Studio, SQL Profiler, Database Tuning Advisor, Query Analyzer, DTS, Performance Monitor, Client Configuration Utility, Server Configuration Utility.
Programming Languages C#, .net, VBScript
Protocols / Middleware TCP/IP, HTTP, FTP, UDP/IP, DOM, ODBC
Visualization Tools Power BI, Tableau, Spotfire, Power Pivot

Professional Experience
Autodesk, New York City, NY Jul 2021 - Present
Sr Power BI/MSBI Developer
Responsibilities:
Design and develop intuitive and visually appealing reports, and dashboards using Microsoft Power BI in collaboration with SMEs.
Participate in requirements gathering and illustration of designs using wireframes.
Documentation of business and IT solutions, business process functional and non-functional requirements and problems.
Assist in managing the Power BI environment, Enhancements and support of Power BI applications.
Performed data cleaning, data validation, and data analysis using data analysis expressions (DAX), power query and power Pivot.
Perform hands on developer activities such as building data visualizations that can be used in interactive reports and dashboards.
Involved in Technical discussions and decisions for Business requirements, Interaction with Business Analysts, Client team and Development team.
Designed SSIS packages for transferring and reviewing data from heterogeneous sources like Excel, CSV, flat file, and OLEDB supported databases.
Set-up Enterprise Gateway and SSAS Connector on Azure VM for POWER BI Report Deployments
Used various sources to pull data into Power BI such as SQL Server, SAP BW, Oracle, SQL Azure etc.
Published reports to Azure-based Power BI services (Pro) and schedule subscription and various sharing options (workspace, content pack, and Apps).
Written stored procedures and used them in packages.
Implemented Event Handlers and Error Handling in SSIS packages.
Used various sources to pull data into Power BI such as SQL Server, SAP BW, Oracle, SQL Azure etc.
Built a Tabular Model cube from scratch data and by DAX queries fetched data to SSRS and Power BI reports.
Extensive use of DAX expressions in tabular models as per business requirements.
Extensive use of perspectives and hierarchies in models to efficiently serve reporting needs.
Responsible for building reports in Power BI from the Scratch.
Created reports in Power BI preview portal utilizing the SSAS Tabular via Analysis connector
Experience managing Big Data platform deployed in Azure Cloud
Strong development skills with Azure Data Lake, Azure Data Factory, SQL Data Warehouse, Azure Blob, Azure Storage Explorer
Responsible for creating and changing the visualizations in Power BI reports and Dashboards on client requests.
Worked on various Conditional formatting in power bi visuals to define the data in appropriate way.
Implemented Copy activity, Custom Azure Data Factory Pipeline Activities for On-cloud ETL processing
Developed different types of reports such as Descriptive, Predictive, Prescriptive for end-users.
Created Drilldowns, Drill throughs and Bookmarks in Power BI Reports for easy navigation and storytelling.
Created Dynamic Dropdown measures in slicer with the help of DAX in Power BI Desktop.
Developed and deployed reports for the internal users in Power BI Report Server.
Implemented DAX Time-intelligence functions SAMEPERIODLASTYEAR, PREVIOUSYEAR, PREVIOUSQUARTER to manipulate data using time periods, including days, months, quarters, and years, and then build and compare calculations over those periods.
Part of the Agile/Scrum team and participated in Standup, grooming, planning and retrospective meetings.
Environment: MS SQL Server 2017, SQL Server Integration Services 2017 (SSIS), SQL Server Analysis Services 2017 (SSAS Tabular), SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Power BI Desktop & Service, DAX, Azure, T-SQL, Microsoft Visual Studio 2017, DAX STUDIO, TFS, MS Excel.

Fidelity., Boston, MA Feb 2020 – Jul 2021
Sr MSBI / Power BI Developer
Responsibilities:
Prepares performance Dashboard, Jobs Failure stats, Data Volume check using SSRS, SSIS, SQL and Excel and gives PPT presentation near client for this on daily basis.
Create reports in Power BI utilizing the SSAS Tabular via Analysis connector as Data Source.
Expert in developing multiple kind of Power BI Reports and Dashboards.
Implemented Copy activity, Custom Azure Data Factory Pipeline Activities
Experience in publishing Power BI Desktop reports created in Report view to the Power BI service & Report Server.
Explore & Analyze data in a variety of ways and across multiple visualizations using Power BI.
Project Specific Activities:
Designed, developed, debugged Stored Procedures, configuration files and implement best practices packages to maintain optimal performance.
Created Dashboard Reports using Power BI and Tableau.
Primarily involved in Data Migration using SQL, SQL Azure, Azure Storage, and Azure Data Factory, SSIS, and PowerShell. Created processes to load data from Azure Storage blob to Azure SQL, to load from web API to Azure SQL and scheduled web jobs for daily loads.
Implemented Power BI Power Query to extract data from external sources and modify the data to generate the reports.
Generated periodic reports based on the statistical analysis of the data from various time frame and division using Power BI.
Developed many Tabular Reports, Matrix Reports, drill down Reports, Bar Graph Reports using Power BI.
Created various visualizations such as Stacked Charts, Pie Charts, Donut Chart cards according to business requirements. Worked on RLS to constrain the user access to the row level data.
Worked on both live and import data to Power BI for creating reports.
Worked with Power BI gateway to schedule daily job to refresh data
Expertise in publishing Power Bi reports of dashboards in Power BI server and scheduling the dataset to refresh for live data in Power BI server using Direct Query.
Managed relationship between Power BI using Schemas such as Star & Snowflake.
Created calculated columns and measure in Power BI and Excel depending on the requirement using DAX expressions.
Familiar with DAX Functions Such as SUMX, CALCULATE, ALLEXCEPT, FILTER Functions.
Expertise in Data Cleansing using Power Query in Power BI Desktop Editor.
Environment: MS SQL Server 2014, SQL Server Integration Services 2014 (SSIS), SQL Server Analysis Services 2014 (SSAS), SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), DAX, T-SQL, Microsoft Visual Studio 2014, JIRA, Import/ Export Tools, MDS, DQS, Power BI Desktop, TFS, Tableau, MS Access.

Wood Forest National Bank, Woodland, Texas Oct 2018 – Dec 2019
Sr SQL BI Developer/Power BI
Responsibilities:
Created SSIS packages to validate, extract, transform and load data to a centralized SQL server from the existing diversified data sources.
Cleansed master data using DQS cleansing component, fuzzy lookup and lookup transformations in SSIS packages.
Worked on Upgrading the Data from SQL Server 2012 and SQL Server 2014 on to SQL Server 2016.
Developed complex mappings utilizing SSIS to transform and load the data from various source systems such as SQL Server2014, Oracle, Excel and Flat files into the SQL 2016 Server target staging database.
Developed the SQL Query for the Exports and Imports.
Created Databases, Tables, Stored Procedure, Triggers, Views, Functions, Cursors, Indexes, Derived Tables and Common Table Expressions (CTEs) using Confidential -SQL programming to facilitate efficient data manipulation and data consistency.
Involved in T-SQL Troubleshooting, and Performance Tuning.
Created the SQL Jobs, Monitoring the Failed SQL Jobs.
Experience in development of Dashboards using Pie, Bar, Funnel Charts, Maps, Table visualizations and setting up KPI’s to meet the goals of the organizations.
Formatting report layout, sub reports, using Global Variables, Expressions, functions, sorting the data, defining data source and subtotals for the reports using SSRS.
Wrote Advanced Calculations using DAX and Power query to meet the requirements of the dashboards in Power BI.
Developed various reports and Dashboards of operational and research data of the organization using Tableau and Power BI.
Developed dynamic row level security with SSAS Tabular Editor to restrict data access for various users.
Created Parameterized SSRS and Power Bi Reports and PowerPivot Workbooks using data of Tabular Editor and Cube data model to prove the functionality of database.
Experience in Performance Tuning of reports within Power BI Desktop, On Premise Power BI Server, Power BI Service.
Developed Tabular, Matrix, drill down and parametrized reports with SSRS for Pricing and Forecasting Daily, monthly and quarterly reporting needs.
Experience in writing parameterized queries for generating stylish tabular reports Drill down, Drill Trough, Cascading, click through, matrix chart, snapshot reports.
Created the Data Driven Subscriptions for the reports.
Created complex Data sets in SSRS, Comparison reports between two different servers.
Performed the Unit Testing in the CERT environments.
Created the Different Kinds of SSRS Reports Like Tabular Reports, Matrix Reports Drill Down Reports, Drill Trough Reports.
Involved in Production Deployment and providing the support for the solutions.
Environment: MS SQL Server 2017/2016/2014/2012, MS SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS), MS SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), MS SQL Server, Unix Shell script, Microsoft Azure, Web Services/API’s MS Visual Studio 2017, MS Excel, SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Power BI, T-SQL, Autosys.

USAA., Atlanta, GA July 2017 – Sep 2018
SQL BI Developer
Responsibilities:
Migrated data from various sources such as flat file, Excel to SQL Server databases using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS)
Expert in creating packages like extract, transform and load data to data warehouse by SSIS, from various sources such as flat files, OLEDB sources.
Created SSIS Reusable Packages to extract data from Multi formatted Flat files, Excel, XML files into UL Database and DB2 Billing Systems.
Created SSIS Packages for Incremental Loading and slowly changing dimensions.
Created logging, custom logging and error handling packages.
High Level Design of ETL DTS Package for integrating data from heterogeneous sources (Excel, CSV, Oracle, flat file, Text Format Data).
Creating, Modifying SSAS Measures, Dimensions Attribute relationships and Hierarchies.
Designed SSAS Cubes, Named Calculations for Dimensions.
Dimension and Fact table design and cubes for KPI, Defining hierarchies and rollups.
Identified Dimensions and Facts, Used MDX to extract data from cubes and Created MDX script for representing Cube Calculation.
Created SSRS reports using Report Parameters, Drop-Down Parameters, Multi-Valued Parameters Debugging Parameter Issues Matrix Reports and Charts.
Implemented Event Handlers and Error Handling in SSIS packages.
Provided organizational reporting and timely reports utilizing SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services)
Developed complex Stored Procedures and Views to generate various Drill-through reports, Parameterized Reports and Linked Reports using SSRS.
Involved in Dimensional modeling by identifying the fact and dimension tables based on the user & reporting requirements.
Used different T-SQL queries such as views, triggers, user defined functions, stored procedures to retrieve data from various tables, load data

Environment: MS SQL Server 2017/2016/2014/2012, MS SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS), MS SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), MS SQL Server, Tableau, Power BI, Unix Shell script, Microsoft Azure, MS Visual Studio 2010, MS Excel, SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), T-SQL, Autosys.

Genpact., India March 2014 – Jul 2016
SQL MSBI Developer
Responsibilities:
Involved in the Requirement Analysis, Design phase and Development phase of SDLC model system.
Worked closely with Business Analysts to produce all required documentation.
Worked with Product Development Team to architect Database Design and strategy.
Worked with Business Users to architect Data Warehouse strategy based on reporting, analytical and dashboarding requirements
Developed database objects such as Stored Procedures, Functions, Tables, Triggers and Indexes using T-SQL and SQL Analyzer.
Created, insert, update and delete triggers on some tables in order to capture any DML activities happening on some crucial and confidential data.
Improved Performance by creating Clustered and Non-clustered Indexes and by optimizing the T-SQL statements using SQL profiler.
Developed SSIS package to Export and Import data from SQL Server to Access, Text and EXCEL files and Configured SQL mail agent for sending automatic mails.
Involved in deploying, configuring and managing reports using Report Manager and Report Builder.
Ensures standards and best practices are established and met for consistent and accurate use of Tableau across the company.
Responsible for Tableau administration, including user provisioning, server management, license administration, and version upgrades.
Identify and raise system capacity related issues (storage, licenses, performance threshold)
Implemented & managed database clustering, failover and load balance technologies as per client requirement.
Developed, tested & implemented a robust database backup and recovery strategy with client assistance.
Reviewed and fine-tuned stored procedures and triggers before production migration.
Scheduled Jobs for executing the stored SSIS packages which were developed to update the database on Daily basis.
Created SSIS package to load data from Flat File to Data warehouse and Report Data mart using Lookup, Derived Columns, Sort, Aggregate, and Slowly Changing Dimension.
Developed entity-relationship diagram and data dictionary for project coordination, created SQL create, alter, and insert scripts.
Environment: MS SQL Server 2012/2008, SSIS, T-SQL, C#, .NET, Visual Basic 6.0, ASP,Tableau, Performance Point, Data Analyzer, Visual Studio 2010, VB Script, MS Access, Excel, SQL Profiler, Windows 2007.

Sutherland., India Jun 2013 – Feb 2014
Role: SQL BI Developer
Responsibilities:
Migrated data from various sources such as flat file, Excel to SQL Server databases using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS)
Expert in creating packages like extract, transform and load data to data warehouse by SSIS, from various sources such as flat files, OLEDB sources.
Created SSIS Reusable Packages to extract data from Multi formatted Flat files, Excel, XML files into UL Database and DB2 Billing Systems.
Created SSIS Packages for Incremental Loading and slowly changing dimensions.
Created logging, custom logging and error handling packages.
High Level Design of ETL DTS Package for integrating data from heterogeneous sources (Excel, CSV, Oracle, flat file, Text Format Data).
Creating, Modifying SSAS Measures, Dimensions Attribute relationships and Hierarchies.
Designed SSAS Cubes, Named Calculations for Dimensions.
Dimension and Fact table design and cubes for KPI, Defining hierarchies and rollups.
Identified Dimensions and Facts, Used MDX to extract data from cubes and Created MDX script for representing Cube Calculation.
Created SSRS reports using Report Parameters, Drop-Down Parameters, Multi-Valued Parameters Debugging Parameter Issues Matrix Reports and Charts.
Implemented Event Handlers and Error Handling in SSIS packages.
Provided organizational reporting and timely reports utilizing SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services)
Developed complex Stored Procedures and Views to generate various Drill-through reports, Parameterized Reports and Linked Reports using SSRS.
Involved in Dimensional modeling by identifying the fact and dimension tables based on the user & reporting requirements.
Used different T-SQL queries such as views, triggers, user defined functions, stored procedures to retrieve data from various tables, load data
Environment: SQL Server 2005/2008/2012, SQL Server Reporting Service (SSRS), SQL Server Integration Service (SSIS), SQL Server Analysis Service (SSAS), Business Intelligence Studio, MS Power point, PL/T-SQL, SQL Profiler, Microsoft Visio, MS Office 2007.

Education:
Masters in Computer Science from NYIT
Bachelors in Information Technology from DRKCET
Contact this candidate