Gouthami Y
Euless, TX ***** 469-***-****
adsrjk@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Highly Motivated Business Intelligence developer with over 8 years of experience in Microsoft Business Intelligence Solutions like SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, Power BI, Microsoft Azure.
Proficient at data architecture design, emerging data warehouse concepts and new SQL development Techniques.
Experience in integration of various data sources with Multiple Relational Databases like DB2, Oracle, Sybase, SQL Server, MS Access, and Worked on integrating data from Flat Files, COBOL files, JSON files and XML Files.
Good exposure in various levels of SDLC - Project analysis, design, coding, testing, debugging, deployment, documentation, and production support.
Built Data integration solutions, workflow solutions and ETL solutions for Data warehouse using SSIS.
Strong development skills with Azure Data Factory, Azure SQL Data Warehouse (Azure Synapse), Azure SQL Data base, Azure Storage.
Implemented Copy activity, Dataflow, Trigger in Azure Data Factory Pipeline Activities for On-cloud ETL processing.
Experience in Designing and Building the Dimensions and cubes with star schema using SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS).
Extensive experience in writing the DAX expressions, Functions, Parameters, M-query language in Power BI.

SKILLS

Requirements gathering
Usability understanding
T-SQL coding
SQL development
Analytical and Critical Thinking
ETL processes

WORK HISTORY

SENIOR BI DEVELOPER 01/2021 to CURRENT
CBRE Group, Inc Dallas, TX

Integrated all the Power BI reports to the UI application and performed the testing and validation of these reports.
Written complex DAX calculations, measures and used data visualization to get the desired output and match it to the UI application.
Worked on manipulating the raw data according to the UI requirements and created the tables and views for the Power BI reporting.
Gave multiple demos for business users on the Power BI reports and made them understand the capabilities.
Established the Power BI gateway connection for the reports and scheduled the data refresh according to the data load cycle.
Also maintained the Power BI service environment where the Power BI reports are stored and maintained.
Performed the Row level security to give secured access to the users in the organization based on their security clearance.
Designed and developed various ETL process to load the data from sources to DWH tables
Investigating and fixing the bugs occurred in the production environment and providing the on-call support.
Maintained warehouse metadata, naming standards and warehouse standards for future application development.
Created high performance SQL scripts to reduce the time taken for producing ongoing ad-hoc reports monthly and weekly.
Created Materialized views for summary tables for better query performance.
Work with peers from various functional areas to define IT wide processes like code reviews, unit test documentation and knowledge sharing sessions.
Support daily operations, monitor performance, debug issues and fine-tune data processes to optimize performance on an on-going basis.

SQL BI DEVELOPER 03/2018 to 12/2020
Isthmus Inc Bedford, TX

Involved in Business Users meetings to understand their requirements.
Parsed high level design specification to simple ETL coding and mapping standards.
Worked with Data modeler and DBA to create ODS (Operational Data Store).
Developed and maintained the Power BI reports and scheduled the data refresh’s using the data gateways.
Good experience in working with Power BI Paginated reports.
Created and maintained the Power BI workspaces and providing users with the required access according to their Roles.
Worked on the Ragged hierarchy and flattened, denormalized the data and made the data usable for the reporting.
Built the ETL packages in SSIS to load the data and schedule the packages and resolved the failed jobs.
Creating new tables, views, stored procedures in SQL Server to accommodate the reporting requirements
Published packages and managed distribution and Environment setup.
Logical and Physical data modelling was done using Erwin for data warehouse database in START SCHEMA.
Created complex and multi-page reports using Report Studio.
Used Azure Synapse for the data analysis and used it in building the Power BI reports.
Developed Standard Reports, List Reports, Cross- tab reports, Drill through reports and Master Detail reports using Report Studio.
Implemented DML scripts to perform modification tasks such as Insert, update, and Delete data in database tables.
Extensively implemented system as well as User-Defined functions to enhance the functionality of T-SQL code.
Developing ETL procedures to ensure conformity, compliance with standards and lack of redundancy, translates business rules and functionality requirements into ETL procedures.
Responsible to tune ETL procedures and star schemas to optimize load and query performance.
Created pre ETL scripts to validate files and file format which we receive from source system.

ETL DEVELOPER 03/2016 to 02/2018
North Texas Specialty Physicians Fort Worth, TX

Implemented business logic parameters for model execution.
Identified, troubleshoot and corrected bugs and bottlenecks.
Collaborated with business analysts to understand and define requirements.
working with the data and building tabular model cubes on the existing tables and use the data for reporting in Power BI.
Recommended Best Practice for ETL coding standards, ETL naming standards.
Responsible for Business Analysis and Requirements collection.
Involved in creating Unit test documents.
Experience in Designing, Creating, Deploying and Processing of Cubes using SSAS
Adapted to defining referenced relationships and calculated members in SSAS and used MDX, DAX queries.
Used the DataStage Designer to develop processes for extracting, cleansing, transforming, integrating, and loading data into staging tables.
Established On-Premises gateways connections to securely publish the reports to cloud and share with the business.
Developed Complex ad-hoc Reports, Sub Reports, Linked Reports, Charts, Drill through Report Models and Drill down Report.
Improved the reports performance by reducing the excess usage of filters and removed unused measures to offload the report and improved performance.
Have created the set up for SSAS tabular model and built multiple cubes to satisfy the reporting needs.
Have used multiple filters including page-level, report-level, drill-down, drill-through, basic, advanced-level filters in the reports.
Have created custom measures, calculated columns over tables. Also, used different slicers and filters in the reports.

SQL DEVELOPER 09/2013 to 02/2016
Unisys Global Services Pvt Ltd Hyderabad, Telangana

Analyzed existing SQL queries to identify opportunities for improvements.
Created optimal technical solutions to user needs with in-depth system analysis.
Supported projects enabling delivery efficiencies and technical resolution.
Designed and implemented TSQL queries for reporting and complex solution development.
Analyzed business reports for prompt communication, follow-up, and ongoing support.
Enhanced existing reports with introduction of new system features like replacing hard code with procedure calls.
Devised high-quality database solutions ranging in size and complexity, increasing productivity, and improving data sharing.
Performed regular database backups to prevent information loss.
Designed and developed customized extract, transform and load (ETL) applications per client specifications.
Learned new skills and applied to daily tasks to improve efficiency and productivity.
Created spreadsheets using Microsoft Excel for daily, weekly, and monthly reporting.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Database Languages: - SQL, T-SQL, PL/SQL, Unix.
ETL Tools: - Informatica 10.x/9.x/8.x, SSIS (SQL Server Integration Services).
Reporting Tools: - SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services), Sisense.
Data Visualization Tools: - Power BI, Tableau.
Database Utilities: - Toad, Data Mirror, SQL Loader, Autosys, Control-M.
Office Package: - MS-Office 2007/XP/2003/2000.
RDBMS: - DB2, Oracle, MS SQL Server, Teradata.
Scripting Languages: - HTML, Python.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science Computer Science 05/2013
G Narayanamma Institute of Technology & Science, Shaikpet

.
Contact this candidate