Mahesh
Senior SQL BI Developer
adssqi@r.postjobfree.com
713-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

7+ years of Industry experience in Data warehousing experience with Microsoft SQL Server and BI Stack.
In-depth knowledge of T-SQL, SSAS, SSRS, SSIS,BI suite, GCP, Reporting and Analytics.
Extensive experience in creating interfaces using SSIS in MS SQL Server 2005/2008/2012/2014 and its different tools like SSMS (SQL Server Management Server), BIDS (Business Intelligence Development Server) and SQL Server Configuration Manager.
Experience in developing the applications using T-SQL Programming (DDL, DML, and DCL).
Hands on experience in creating ETL packages using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS).
Experience in data mining and data modelling for collecting, cleansing and analyzing structured and unstructured data for major project initiatives.
Good knowledge in optimizing queries using MDX and DMX.
Experience in designing Database Models using MS Visio and Oracle Data Modeler.
Good Knowledge on data visualization tools power BI and Power Pivot.
Creating and deploying parameterized reports using power BI and Tableau.
Expertise in Microsoft SQL Server developer implementing SSIS and SSRS using Microsoft Business
Intelligence development studio (MSBI), SQL Server data tools (SSDT) and Power BI.
Expertise in Power BI, Power BI Pro, Power BI Mobile.
Expert in creating and developing Power BI Dashboards in to rich look.
Experience in MS-DTS, Troubleshooting Design and Administration of Databases and other RDBMS concepts such as Tables, User Defined Data Types, Indexes and Stored Procedures
Expert in Extracting and Transforming data using SSIS in SQL Server 2008, DTS in SQL Server 2005, Import, Export Data, Bulk Insert and BCP.
Excellent in Transforming Logical Database designs into Physical Databases.
Experience with SSMS, SQL Server Profiler and SSIS Wizards.
Strong skills in coding and debugging Teradata utilities like Fast Load, Fast Export, MultiLoad and Tpump for Teradata ETL processing huge volumes of data throughput.
Exceptional background in analysis, design, development, customization, implementation and testing of software applications and products.
Expertise in using multi-dimensional models such as Star Schemas and Snow Flake Schema for Developing Cubes.
Good Hands on experience writing Scope Scripts for Cosmos (Big Data) Azure Services and cloud services.
Experienced in Developing Power BI Reports and Dashboards from multiple data sources using Data Blending.
Strong experience with logical and physical data modeling with knowledge of database design techniques for OLTP and data warehouse environments.
Experience in Modeling and designing complex SSAS Analytics Multidimensional cubes.
Excellent technical and analytical skills with clear understanding of design goals of ER modeling for OLTP and dimension modeling for OLAP.
Experience working with multiple development approaches for internal and externally developed applications as well as packaged applications including incremental, waterfall, and Agile Scrum, or Kanban .

Education:

Bachelor of Technology, JNTUH, Hyderabad, India.
Master of Computer Science, California State University San Bernardino, CA, USA.

Technical Skills:
Programming Languages:
T-SQL, Big Query
Databases:
SQL Server 2012/2014/2016, GCP
Tools:

Performance Monitor, SQL Server Management Studio, Visual Studio 2017/2019 Query Analyzer, Enterprise Manager, Profiler, TFS (Team Server Foundation), GitHub.
Other Tools:

DTS, Business Intelligence Development Studio, TOAD, SSRS, SSIS, Power BI, Oracle Data Modeler, GCP.
Web technologies:
HTML, XML, VB Scripts.
Platforms:
Windows 2003/2000, Windows XP, Windows NT, Windows 2010.

Network Topologies:
TCP/IP, DNS, WINS, FTP, SMTP

Aristocrat Technologies, Hayward, CA (Remote) April 2022 – Present
Role: Senior SQL Power BI Developer

Responsibilities:

Perform technical troubleshooting, code debugging, and problem solving for custom built EDW and assist in implementation effective business analytics practices that drive improved decision making, efficiency and performance.
Worked closely with Business SME’s, Client IT Team and End Users to translate stakeholders’ requirements into reporting deliverable and workflows
Generate reports for internal and external customers for business performance monitoring and business decision-making and develop standard reports and functional dashboards based on business requirements.
Maintain business intelligence models to design, develop and generate both standard and ad-hoc reports.
Maintain an accurate and comprehensive inventory of data, data systems, and data storage and process data extracts using data retrievals and managements tools (SSIS).
In charge of developing solutions using GCP (Big Query), SQL server ETL-SSIS, Reports- SSRS, Power BI, Data Model and Strong Stored Procedures.
Involve in performance tuning and designing high data volume for high performance through put on a daily basis. The successful candidate will need to have advanced information delivery and development skills to create effective data solutions that can be easily maintained and extended to meet the growing demands
Manage new reports generations and report enhancement based on the change requests. Ensure to generate and deliver quality reports to customers in timely and accurate manner and work with project manager in developing and executing project plans within assigned schedule and timeline.
Identify critical areas of the data structure and recommends improvements to existing reports and reporting processes.
Design and implement highly distributed, scalable processes- staging, Data Enrichments using SSIS, SQL, Strong data Enrichment and delivery techniques using Microsoft SQL Server, SSRS, SSIS and reports Portal Application.
Integrate data and workflows that span multiple business processes and systems, testing and quality assurance of new systems and system releases.
Redefine and make technical/strategic changes to enhance/improvise existing Business Intelligence solutions. Design, develop & schedule Power BI Dashboards, SSRS Reports and ETL workflows (Business Intelligence solutions)
Focused on identifying solutions to business problems and needs, very knowledgeable across products, customer facing in recommending solutions, expert in data analysis, and extremely independent.
Pays attention to details and has strong communication skills both in verbal and written and the ability to communicate effectively with peers and business users.

Wells Fargo, Charlotte, NC May 2020 – April 2022
Role: Senior SQL BI Developer

Responsibilities:

Involved in SDLC of the project from requirements gathering from Business users to perform technical
design, development, documentation, maintenance and testing.
Responsible for performing T-SQL tuning, multi-tasking and optimizing queries for reports which take longer time in execution with SQL Server 2016.
Developed BI reports/dashboards using Microsoft BI/SQL Server technology stack (SSRS, SSIS, SSAS) with data from Home Mortgage.
Created Complex ETL Packages using SSIS to extract data from staging tables to partitioned tables with incremental load.
Created SSIS Reusable Packages to extract data from Multi formatted Flat files, Excel, XML files into SQL Database.
Developed, deployed, and monitored SSIS Packages.
Created SSIS Packages using SSIS Designer for export heterogeneous data from ADO>Net Source (Teradata), Excel Spreadsheet to SQL Server 2016.
Performed operations like Data reconciliation, validation and error handling after Extracting data into SQL Server.
Worked on SSIS Package, DTS Import/Export for transferring data from Database (Excel and Text format data) to SQL Server.
Created SSRS reports using Report Parameters, Drop-Down Parameters, Multi-Valued Parameters Debugging Parameter Issues Matrix Reports and Charts.
Generated and formatted Reports using Global Variables, Expressions and Functions for the reports.
Created reports with Analysis Services Cube as the data source using SSRS.
Maintain business intelligence models to design, develop and generate both standard and ad-hoc reports.
Manage new reports generations and report enhancement based on the change requests. Ensure to generate and deliver quality reports to customers in timely and accurate manner and work with project manager in developing and executing project plans within assigned schedule and timeline.
Ensure all the reports (without exception) are documented in DRA (Data, Reporting, and Analytics), all artifacts are completed and accurate, that requires are accurately categorized, including type and risk rating, and the documented reports requirements and results are aligned.
Support ongoing reports Efforts for Development, QA- Quality Assurance and Product environments.
Create SSIS Packages to load the data into data warehouse from the various Sources. Work on different levels of ETL Loads like Extract Data from Source System to Staging and then from Staging to load data in Database Tables.
Experience in creating complex SSIS packages using appropriate control and data flow elements with SSIS Standards like error handling, logging and working with package config files.
Hands on experience in using different transformations like data Conversions, lookups, derived column transformations etc., for data cleansing to remove unnecessary columns, inconsistent data and unnecessary Data like removing empty rows using SSIS.
Performed code reviews, analyzes execution plans, and re-factors inefficient code.
Follows data standards, resolves data issues, and completes unit testing and system documentation for Extract Transfer Load (ETL) processes.
Troubleshoot of various SSIS ETL packages and its performance tuning, implemented failure alerts using email in SSIS.
Effectively communicate data design to other members of the team to ensure proper implementation and utilization of the data structures.
Pays attention to details and has strong communication skills both in verbal and written and the ability to communicate effectively with peers and business users.

Environment: Microsoft Visual Studio 2015, MS SQL Server 2016, MS SQL Integration Services 2016, MS MS SQL Reporting Services 2016, SharePoint 2013, MS Excel Power Pivot, MS Excel, SQL Server Agent, SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), T-SQL, Power BI, Tableau, Teradata Assistant, Vertica Database.

AT&T & Cricket, Atlanta, GA Oct 2019 – April 2020
Role: SQL BI/Power BI Developer

Department: NETWORKING

Delivery: Realization, Reporting & Analytics
My team was responsible for the end to end delivery and realization of all the networks impacting projects, programs, services, or products with a focus on driving schedule, quality and budget. We manage the work intake, scope/ Requirements, finances, resourcing, and realization process for the network organization. A key part of my role is to serve as the primary liaison between network and the business as well as drive cross functional alignment between organizations within Cricket and AT&T.

Responsibilities:
Designs, builds, tests and implements BI solutions. Responsible for creating solutions within the existing BI environment including: designing, coding, testing and documenting all new or modified BI services, applications, programs, semantic layers, metadata, reports, dashboards and portal interfaces.
Imported data from SQL Server DB, Azure SQL DB, Vertica DB to Power BI to generate reports.
Created DAX Queries to generated computed columns in Power BI.
Generated computed tables in Power BI by using DAX.
Involved in creating new stored procedures and optimizing existing queries and stored procedures.
Created Azure Blob Storage for Import/Export data to/from .CSV File.
Used Power BI, Power Pivot to develop data analysis prototype, and used Power View and Power Map to visualize reports
Published Power BI Reports in the required originations and Made Power BI Dashboards available in Web clients and mobile apps
Supporting Power BI source data workflow and efficient data model design incorporating best practices.
Develop data visualization techniques to transform the data into more depictive models that help with the reporting building of dashboards for strategic decision making.
Collaborate with Data Warehouse team around data and table structures to optimize for KPI reporting.
Troubleshoots BI tools, systems and software, performance-tune these applications as necessary.
Was a part of a great team, but was capable of operating independently - managing relationships, deliverables and expectations with your business partners.
Able to identify and resolve problems quickly and effectively determining root cause and long term solutions while minimizing impacts to the environment and end users. Ability to assist DBA’s, Data Architects, Integration Developers, Application Owners, Business/Reporting Analysts and Business Users in problem resolution.
Designs and builds Reporting Services reports that meet user/business specifications.
Explore data in a Variety of ways and across multiple visualizations using Power BI.
Used Power BI Gateways to keep the dashboards and reports up to date.
Installed and Configured Enterprise Gateway and Personal Gateway in Power Bi Services.
Published reports and dashboards using Power BI.

Environment: Microsoft Visual Studio 2015, MS SQL Server 2016, MS SQL Integration Services 2016, MS MS SQL Reporting Services 2016, SharePoint 2013, MS Excel Power Pivot, MS Excel, SQL Server Agent, SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), T-SQL, Power BI, Tableau, Teradata Assistant, Vertica Database.

Wells Fargo, Charlotte, NC Oct 2017 – Oct 2019
Role: SQL BI Developer

Well Fargo has banking relationship with 36 million consumer households, and we want to be their home lender of choice and bring new Customers to WFC. Every team member understanding their business process and performing their role the right way every time. We Provide business and technical skills across multiple business and technology platforms in ETL, Data Integrations, Conceptual and detailed architecture, Data modeling and semantics, Data quality controls, Date warehousing, metadata management, context and content analysis, technical and functional testing, business and technical requirements, end user productions support and training, development and implementation of new capabilities that support business needs. Business objects is an enterprise suite of business intelligence tools that provides business users access to data for the purpose of analytics and reporting. Data is presented in business context and the BO suite provides several options to produce complex analytics without programming expertise or understanding of database concepts. BICD exposes data sourced from the mortgage servicing platform (MSP) as well as other servicing systems of records through a suite of business objects universes. The WFHM universes can be used for production or ad-hoc queries, automated reporting and dashboards.
Supported Product: Home Equity (real-estate secured) accounts included both junior and senior lien positions on SHAW, ECAR, MSP, Mortgage, Home Equity accounts include installments loans which are funded at organizations and close automatically when payoff amounts- 0$ and revolving lines of credit card where customers can advance & pay down funds during their draw payments.

Responsibilities:

Involved in SDLC of the project from requirements gathering from Business users to perform technical
design, development, documentation, maintenance and testing.
Worked extensively in writing and debugging complex stored procedures, views, triggers and user-defined Functions.
Coordinate and communicate with nontechnical business users and customers to determine specific business requirements for reports, specifications documents and business intelligence solutions.
Performs technical troubleshooting, code debugging, and problem solving for custom built data warehousing solutions and Assist in implementation effective business analytics practices that drive improved decision making, efficiency and performance.
Develop and implement data mining solutions to fit business problems
Translated business needs into data analysis, business intelligence data sources and reporting solutions for different types of information consumers.
Performed data mining and data modelling to cleanse and analyze unstructured data, also test data to test business requirement functionality
Created joins and sub-queries for complex queries involving multiple tables.
Master a complex financial data model in order to efficiently extract data for delivery to downstream systems and end-users.
Scheduled SQL Server Agent Jobs to monitor data transformation and database updates.
Integrate data and workflows that span multiple business processes and systems, testing and quality assurance of new systems and system releases.
Created complex Stored Procedures, Triggers, Cursors, Tables and other SQL Joins and Statements for Applications by using T-SQL.
As a Developer was in charge of developing solutions using SQL server ETL-SSIS, Reports- SSRS, Data Model and Strong Stored Procedures.
Created Database Objects like tables, views, Store Procedures, User Defined Functions, Triggers, index and roles.
Created various kinds of reports using Power BI and Tableau, SSRS, Ad-hoc, Excel, and PowerPivot based on the client's needs.
Generate reports for internal and external customers for business performance monitoring and business decision making and develop standard reports and functional dashboards based on business requirements.
Maintain business intelligence models to design, develop and generate both standard and ad-hoc reports.
Manage new reports generations and report enhancement based on the change requests. Ensure to generate and deliver quality reports to customers in timely and accurate manner and work with project manager in developing and executing project plans within assigned schedule and timeline.
Ensure all the reports (without exception) are documented in DRA (Data, Reporting, and Analytics), all artifacts are completed and accurate, that requires are accurately categorized, including type and risk rating, and the documented reports requirements and results are aligned.
Support ongoing reports Efforts for Development, QA- Quality Assurance and Product environments.
Create SSIS Packages to load the data into data warehouse from the various Sources. Work on different levels of ETL Loads like Extract Data from Source System to Staging and then from Staging to load data in Database Tables.
Experience in creating complex SSIS packages using appropriate control and data flow elements with SSIS Standards like error handling, logging and working with package config files.
Hands on experience in using different transformations like data Conversions, lookups, derived column transformations etc., for data cleansing to remove unnecessary columns, inconsistent data and unnecessary Data like removing empty rows using SSIS.
Designing, Constructing, and Testing of ETL processes. Created SSIS packages to extract data from the transactional and/or operational databases, transforming the data according to analytical / reporting business needs, and loading the data into a Data Warehouse or Data mart.
Identified Fact tables and Dimension tables and created data marts for various subject areas as required.
Experience in Technical and Functional side of the Team Foundation Server Components (Source Control, Work Items, TFS Builds.
Effectively communicate data design to other members of the team to ensure proper implementation and utilization of the data structures.
Pays attention to details and has strong communication skills both in verbal and written and the ability to communicate effectively with peers and business users.

Environment: Microsoft Visual Studio 2015, Team Foundation Server (TFS), MS SQL Server 2012/2016, MS SQL Integration Services 2012/2016, MS Access, OLAP, Crystal Reports, MS SQL Reporting Services 2012/2016, SSAS Cubes, SharePoint 2013, C#. NET, MS Excel Power Pivot, MS Excel, SQL Server Agent, SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), T-SQL, Power BI, COSMOS, Tableau.

CA Technologies, Islandia, New York Dec 2016 – Sep 2017
Role: SQL Power BI Developer

CA Technologies, formerly known as Computer Associates International, Inc. and CA, Inc., is an American multinational publicly held corporation headquartered in New York City. It ranks as one of the largest independent software corporations in the world. The company creates systems software and previously applications software that runs in mainframe, distributed computing, virtual machine and cloud computing environments.

Responsibilities:
Involving in Designing phase and Development Phase for every Project within billing and financial department.
Translated business needs into data analysis, business intelligence data sources and reporting solutions for different types of information consumers.
Gather and understand business requirements to set functional specifications for reporting applications.
Created various kinds of reports using Power BI and Tableau, SSRS, Excel, and PowerPivot based on the client's needs.
Performed data mining and data modelling to cleanse and analyze unstructured data, also test data to test business requirement functionality
Experienced on creating multiple kinds of Reports in Power BI, Ad-hoc and present it using Story Points.
Expertise in creating Dashboards Scorecards, views, pivot tables, charts, for further data analysis.
Worked with the application developers and provide necessary SQL Scripts using T-SQL.
Created joins and sub-queries for complex queries involving multiple tables.
Scheduled SQL Server Agent Jobs to monitor data transformation and database updates.
Identified Fact tables and Dimension tables, and created data marts for various subject areas as required.
Work with global technology team to understand data model and suggest improvements.
Designed, Build the Dimensions, cubes with star schema using SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS).
Used MDX and DAX queries to apply calculations to the cube in SSAS 2014/2012/2008.
Created Power BI Reports using the Tabular SSAS models in Power BI desktop and published them to Power BI Service and available in Web clients and Mobile Apps.
Designed and implemented SSAS Tabular Cube as the reporting layer. And Used DAX scripting to access data from Tabular Model.
Used different types of visualization Like (Stacked bar Chart, Clustered bar Chart, Scatter Chart, Pie Chart, Donut Chart, Line & Clustered Column Chart, Map, Slicer, Time Brush etc.) in Power BI according to the requirements.
Increased cube usability by adding named calculations, defining display folders, modifying composite Key Columns, attribute relationships, and adjusting properties such as Discretization Method using SSAS.
Designed and implemented Row Level Security and Roles for SSAS Tabular Model & Multidimensional Cubes. And deployed into SQL SERVER ANALYSIS SERVER 2016.
Created complex SSAS Cubes with multiple fact measure groups and multiple dimension hierarchies based on the OLAP Reporting needs.
Working directly with stakeholders for requirements gathering and developing various decision making Dashboards.
Working experience with ASP .NET to display reports and experience using C# in SSIS scrip task.
Hands on experienced developing dashboards and reporting visualization.
Deploy/Design cubes in SSAS environment Snowflake/ and Star Schema Designs for data warehouse purposes.
Created Database Objects like tables, views, Store Procedures, User Defined Functions, Triggers, index and roles.
Created SSIS Packages to load the data into data warehouse from the various Sources.
Worked on different levels of ETL Loads like Extract Data from Source System to Staging and then from Staging to load data in Database Tables.
Troubleshoot of various SSIS ETL packages and its performance tuning, implemented failure alerts using email in SSIS.
Created complex Stored Procedures, Triggers, Cursors, Tables and other SQL Joins and Statements for Applications by using T-SQL.
Converting unstructured streams in Cosmos (Raw Data which are in Binary form) to structured stream (readable stream) and performing required aggregation on that Data using scope studio by writing scope scripts.
Performed various transformations like conditional split, sorting and included data about the environment using the audit transformation.
Designing, Constructing, and Testing of ETL processes. Created SSIS packages to extract data from the transactional and/or operational databases, transforming the data according to analytical / reporting business needs, and loading the data into a Data Warehouse or Data mart.
Expert on creating Score Cards, Metrics, Power View/MAP and Pivot Tables using Office 365.
Creating/maintaining scope scripts and jobs to generate daily stream file on COSMOS of evidence.
Experience in report writing using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) and creating various types of reports like drill down, drill through, Parameterized, Cascading, Conditional, Table, Matrix, Chart and Sub Reports.
Created, Maintained & scheduled various reports in SSRS like Tabular Reports, Matrix Reports & Parameterized Reports using SQL Server Reporting Services SSRS.
Created SSIS packages to transfer data, from flat files into SQL server using different SSIS components and used dynamic configuration files and variables for production deployment.

Environment: Microsoft Visual Studio 2015, Team Foundation Server (TFS), MS SQL Server 2005/2008 R2/2012/2014/2016, MS SQL Integration Services 2008 R2/2012/2014/2016, MS Access, OLAP, Crystal Reports, MS SQL Reporting Services 2008 R2/2012, SSAS Cubes, SharePoint 2013, C#. NET, MS Excel Power Pivot, MS Excel, SQL Server Agent, SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), T-SQL, Power BI, COSMOS, Tableau.

HMS, Franklin, TN May 2016 – Nov 2016
Role: SQL BI Developer

HMS is enterprising healthcare. We provide the broadest range of healthcare cost containment solutions in the industry – all to help payers like you improve performance. Back in 1974, HMS identified the multi-billion-dollar problem with Medicaid coordination of benefits, creating a solution from scratch for providers. We adapted that solution to state agencies and then to Medicaid managed care organizations. Later we pushed beyond coordination of benefits into payment integrity – including Medicare – and data solutions for health plans, state and federal agencies, and employers.
Responsibilities:
Excellent report creation skills using Microsoft SQL Server 2014/2012/2008R2 Reporting Services (SSRS) with proficiency in using Report Designer as well as Report Builder.
Created SQL Server Reports based on the requirements using SSRS 2014/2012.
Involved in analysis of Report design requirements and actively participated and interacted with Team Lead, Technical Manager and Lead Business Analyst to understand the Business requirements.
Experience in working on Cube structure optimization for MDX query performance in Analysis Services 2014/2012/2008 (SSAS).
Worked on OLAP Data warehouse Analytics, Model, Design, and Implementation.
Experience in Modeling and designing SSAS Analytics Multidimensional cubes.
Developed Complex Stored Procedures, Views and Temporary Tables as per the requirement.
Participated in discussions with Business Analysts (BAs) and end users to create several test scenarios for running the reports.
Developed Power BI model used for financial reporting of P &amp, L and Headcount, expertise in writing complex DAX functions in Power BI and Power Pivot.
Generated ad-hoc reports in Excel Power Pivot and shared them using Power BI to the decision makers for strategic planning
Utilized Power Query in Power BI to Pivot and Un-pivot the data model for data cleansing and data Massaging
Implemented several DAX functions for various fact calculations for efficient data visualization in Power BI.
Responsible for developing and maintaining Tableau dashboards.
Used MDX and DAX queries to apply calculations to the cube in SSAS 2014/2012/2008.
Developed reports like Claim Statements, Fee Bills Transactions and some end request user reports on periodic basis.
Created scripts to create new tables, views, queries for new enhancement in the application using TOAD.
Developed interactive pages of the application using ASP.NET, ADO.NET, Ajax, Entity Framework, Web Forms pages with C# for the code behind modules and agile methodologies for .Net Framework.
Sound Experience and understanding of SSAS, OLAP and OLTP cube, Data mining and Architecture.
Created multiple reports with drop down menu option having complex groupings within the report.
Designed, Build the Dimensions, cubes with star schema using SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS).
Using SSIS, building high performance data integration solutions, including extraction, transformation, and load (ETL) packages for data warehousing.
Worked in Agile/Scrum Methodology with daily stand up meetings and great knowledge in TFS (Team Foundation Server) 2010.
Performed Testing, Debugging and Migrating ASP.Net Website from Visual Studio 2005 to Visual Studio 2010.
Major responsibilities include getting requirements from the user, writing stored procedures for reports and developing reports using Crystal Reports 2008.
Worked on SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) to integrate and analyze data from multiple heterogeneous information sources (Oracle).
Created Power BI Reports using the Tabular SSAS models in PowerBI desktop and published them to Power BI Service
Contact this candidate