Selamawit Lemma
571-***-****
adtb02@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
A Highly detail-oriented Power BI developer with 3 years of experience designing analytical reports of company data. Aiming to provide insights into improving the company’s decision-making skills. Seeking a position at your company to give you excellent results and help your business reach its full potential in sales in addition to overall growth and experience in Design, Development, and Implementation of various applications using React.js, bootstrap, JavaScript, JSX, SQL Server with hands-on experience in front end and back-end development.
Build scalable web application development and web layout design, with a strong work ethic and innate ability to adapt in ever-changing and challenging environments and internal tools that drastically improve efficiency.

SUMMARY

Experienced in re developing application using framework like REACT, Node.js, Bootstrap and Design, build and maintain responsive web application. & Developed Full-Stack Web Applications which processed, analyzed, and rendered data visually.
Skilled in all phases of software development life cycle (SDLC): astute understanding of project planning, creation of deployment strategies, application design, and development of software products as per client requirements
Experienced working on Agile Projects with Multiple Sprints cycles and Scrum meetings
Hands on experience working on Water Fall Projects with full SDLC
Expert on installing and configuring MS SQL Server 2012\2014\2016\2019
Hands on experience in configuring SQL Server Reporting Service, Report Manager & Server
Extensive experience in analysis, design, and development of software applications in SQL Server.
Extensive experience in Normalization, building Referential Integrity & Constraints.
Expertise implementing data warehouse including Star Schema, Snowflake Schema, and data flow diagrams.
Proficient skills like creating and using Stored Procedures, User Defined Functions, indexes, Views, Constraints, and Triggers.
Extensive experience in writing complex queries using set operators, Joins, Functions, Subqueries.
Hands on Experience on SSIS package development, deployment, and scheduling.
Expert in creating data visualizations such as dashboards, parameterized reports, drill down reports, and interactive reports using SQL Server Reporting Service.
Experience in coding SSIS processes to import data into the Data Warehouse from Excel
spreadsheets, Flat Files and OLEDB Sources and if the loading process breaks in between,
resuming it from that point and logging after each step into the application Log database. Hands on experience on developing Page level Reports, Dashboards, and Stories Using Microsoft Power BI.
Results-Driven with ability to take initiatives and meet deadlines in a fast-paced changing environment.
Strong interpersonal skills, and communication skills, Competitive analytical, logical, and problem-solving skills, Strong management, administrative and leadership skills to work in team.

Education & Trainings:
BSc. In Management
Certificate in Full Stack Developer,
Certificate in SharePoint Developer,
Data Visualization & Reporting –(Power BI) Training
Database Management Systems –(MS SQL Server) Training
Enterprise Data Warehousing – Training
Certificate in realistic and abstract Drawing, painting.

Tools & Technologies:
MS SQL Server 2019/2016/ 2014/2012 SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS), Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS), SSIS, Data Transformation Services, MS-Access, MS-Excel, Query Analyzer, Agile, Slack, JIRA.
Power BI, SQL Server Data Tools, GitHub, SharePoint, and DAX language
Html, CSS, JavaScript, React.js, Bootstrap, NodeJS, SQL, Visual Studio 2019, JQUERY, Bootstrap, GitHub, Visual Studio

PROJECTS

Company The Kroger Co Power Bi Developer SEP 2019 – Aug 2022
Activities
Years of experience in designing analytical reports based on company data, translating data into knowledge, as well as developing BI and analytics solutions. Resourceful, organized, and dependable problem solver deliver measurable results, and enhance organizational viability and growth. Developed SSIS packages with various tasks like - FTP, file system, for each loop, execute package, data flow task, execute SQL task, custom script task, data mining task.
Used Power BI, Power Pivot to develop data analysis prototype, used Power View and Power Map to visualize reports
Transferred data from heterogeneous data sources systems including Excel, Access, Flat Files, Oracle etc. to SQL Server using SSIS various features
Installed and Configured Enterprise Gateway and Personal Gateway in Power Bi Services.
Developed complex T-SQL queries used for data cleansing, data mining and loading data Published Power BI Reports in the required originations and Made Power BI Dashboards available in Web clients and mobile apps
Created reports using time intelligence calculations and functions and Executed dashboard setups and data manipulation using DAX functions like table function, aggregation function and iteration functions.
Developed and reviewed simultaneous SQL queries with the use of join clauses (inner, left, and right) in Tableau desktop to validated static and dynamic data for data validation.
Fine-tuned SSRS reports, SSIS packages and stored procedures that take long time for execution.
Assist the team in designing, building, and deploying data and reports into new Power BI reports and self-service dashboards.
Developed and Published reports and dashboards using Power BI, Used Power BI Gateways to u the dashboards and reports up to date.
Published Power BI visualizations to app workspace and Managed users in Power BI Service
Used SQL Server Integration Service (SSIS) Microsoft SQL Server database software to execute a wide range of data migration tasks.
Used SSIS tool to merge data from various data stores Automates Administrative Functions and Data Loading.
Created Azure Blob Storage for Import/Export data to/from .CSV File It help us in visualize the data and share insights across the organization and embed them in the app or website.
Creating Row level security with power bi and integration with power bi service portal.
Designing, building, and deploying data and reports into new Power BI reports and self-service dashboards. while ensuring quality data to enable business partners derive strategic insights that support PI’s Managed solutions business area within the overall Wealth management domain.

Company Africgo Junior Software Developer FEB 2017 – May 2019
Activities
Designed and developed a Ticket Booking and Cargo order Processing System. The three-tier architecture of the registration system. I Designed and developed a Registration and Login System with NODE.JS and MySQL database, The purpose of that application was to improve and extend their client services and users to subscribe to a certain service in which they would have to login to access. These applications a user registration and login authentication system application using Node.js (with express.js framework) and MySQL.
Rapidly adapt to new technologies and proficient in using SQL Server, Visual Studio
Build features and applications with mobile responsive design and Experience in REACT and JavaScript library, UI experience
Build reusable code and libraries for future use.
Developed Full-Stack Web Applications which processed, analyzed,
and rendered data visually.
Worked with advanced web development technology like React.Node.js and Express js.
Used React Hooks in the projects by using Functional component.
Developed full-stack web applications which processed, analyzed, and rendered data visually.
Used the responsive utilities of the Bootstrap frameworks to facilitate the design displaying properly on different devices.
Interacting with client for requirements, discussing the feasibility of requirements, designing the layout of web pages, Architecture, and participating in the development.
Developed software code using REACT.JS, JavaScript, Node.js programming language to meet design specifications, and user requirements as well as delivering high-quality applications within specified deadlines.
Strong understanding of HTML, CSS, JavaScript, web services, design, and architectural patterns, and window services.
Focused on teamwork to promote positive behavior and inspired co-workers to boost overall work productivity
Worked in a group of five to understand the requirements and build the web application
Accurately translate user and business needs into functional frontend code.
Contact this candidate