S Devi Mobile: +91-917*******
Power BI Developer Mail ID: adtglh@r.postjobfree.com

Having 4 years of experience working with visualization tool Power BI, DAX, SQL Server.
Experience in gathering and converting end user requirements in to effective & efficient Reports and Dashboards.
Experience in analysis, design, development of reports using Power BI desktop.
Develop Power BI reports, dashboards and custom visuals as per requirement.
Extensively worked on performing the ETL operations in Power Query.
Imported data from multiple data sources into BI Tools, created relationships between data, created calculated columns and measures using DAX.
Experience in creating different visualizations like Tabular, Matrix, Line, Bar, Waterfall Chart, Heat maps, tree maps etc.
Experience in publishing reports to Power BI services and setting up the necessary connection details and scheduling.
Imported data from multiple data sources into Power BI from various databases like SQL Server, excel, flat files etc.,
Worked on On-Premises Gateway to refresh the data sources/creating a live connection with SQL Server.
Implemented Role Based Security as part of security in Power BI.
Developed various operational Drill-through and Drill-down reports using BI.
Good hands-on experience in creating SQL Server database objects like Tables, Constraints, Joins, Sub-Queries, Stored Procedures, Views, Indexes.
Worked extensively with OBIEE administration tool, Presentation services and BI Publisher.
Scheduled reports to be emailed using BI Publisher scheduler.
Created session variables users to provide row-level(data level) security and used session variable in OBIEE Answers to build the query.

ORGANIZATION
DESIGNATION
PERIOD
IGI InfotechPvt Ltd
Software Engineer
Oct 2018 – Till Date

B.sc fromSVU women’s degree college Srikalahasti in 2011.

M.P.C Intermediate from Vikram junior college Srikalahastiin 2008.

SSC from Maharishi vidya mandirHigh SchoolSrikalahastiin 2006.

Reporting Tools
: Power BI
Databases
: SQL Server 2012/2016
Operating Systems
: Windows Family.

PROJECT 1#
Project Domain
: Health Care
Project Name:
: Score Card
Duration
: Sep 2020 – Till date.
PROJECT DESCRIPTION
The main aim of this project is to provide best insights to health facilities about their healthplans. Our business team does the survey’s & collects the information in excel files from
provider & this will be having information of patient disease & demographic details.Data files will be stored in the shared folder for all modalities country wise. ETL package willprocess these files to STG Db & apply business logics on this data to move data to target Db &generate reports as per client needs. This helps business to analyze the patient data inbetter way with the help of the reports.

Responsibilities:

1.Developing Power BI reports&dashboards after gathering and translating end user requirement.
2.Created calculated measures and columns with DAX in POWER BI desktop.
3.Good Knowledge on advanced calculations using power BI desktop.
4.Created different visualizations like Line, bar, WaterFall, tree maps, Tabular, Matrix etc.
5.Installed Gateway and Created scheduling the reports using Data Gateway.
6.Created Filters, Slicers and applied conditional formatting based on user requirement.
PROJECT 2#
Project Domain
: Health Care
Project Name
: PHM (Patient Health Management System)
Duration
: Nov 2018 – Aug 2020.
PROJECT DESCRIPTION
We need to collect data from different sources which contains product, price,country, currency details. Data should be cleansed & gets loaded into DB. Front end teamwill in turn represent the data in UI to the end user.

Responsibilities:

1.Connect to different Data sources from Power BI.
2.Expert Knowledge using advances calculations using Power BI Desktop.
3.Created different visualizations like Tabular, Line, Bar, Tree map etc.,
4.Calculated measures and columns with DAX in MS Power BI Desktop.
5.Created dashboards and presentation and graphs.
6.Combine Data sources by joining multiple tables using Data Blending.

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
EDUCATION SUMMARY
TECHNICAL SKILLS
PROJECT SUMMARY
Contact this candidate