Amdy Anako
DATA SCIENTIST
Details
DFW Metroplex, Texas
214-***-****
adts7h@r.postjobfree.com
Permanent Resident
Links
LinkedIn: https://
www.linkedin.com/in/amdy-anako-
128041218
Academic ePortfolio:
https://eportfolio.mygreatlearning.com
/nnamdi-chinonso-anako
Skills
Languages: Python, SQL
Tools: Tableau, PowerBI, Jupyter,
Anaconda, AWS
Statistical Methods: Exploratory
Data Analysis, Inferential Analysis,
Hypothesis Testing, Confidence
Intervals, ANOVA
Machine Learning: Classification,
Multivariate Linear Regression, Logistic
Regression, Decision Trees, Random
Forest, Boosting, Clustering, KNN,
PCA, Predictive Modelling and Analysis,
Hyperparameter Tuning, Feature
Engineering and Selection, Time-
Series Forecasting
Business Development: Workshops,
Stakeholder Engagement, Jira,
Requirements Gathering, Quality
Improvement, Reporting, User Stories,
Process Mapping
Other: Microsoft Office, Slack, Google
Products, DAX, PowerPivot, Windows,
Mac OS, ETL, SharePoint, Feature
Engineering, Relational Databases
Education
Postgraduate Program in Data
Science and Business Analytics
Texas McCombs School of Business,
University of Texas
Austin, United States – 2022(3.89 GPA)
M.Sc. Architecture
Nnamdi Azikiwe University – 2013
Profile
A Data Scientist who has nearly 4 years of data-intensive experience. His technical track record includes data extraction, transformations, data cleansing, loading, exploratory data analysis, predictive & descriptive analysis, testing, machine learning, visualization, reporting and dashboarding. Proficient in several data/statistical/BI tools—Python, Microsoft Excel, SQL, Apache spark and Tableau.
Employment History
Data Scientist, Frontier Communication, Dallas, Tx. 09/2022– present
• I was part of Fiber Analytics team that identified Fiber competitor’s boundary by city, state, and Wire center locations. I used QGIS to create a map that that shows competitors’ fiber locations boundaries and clusters of Wire center locations within the approved band universe.
• I created a data pipeline of frontiers fiber competitive data/project that was developed on Aws Athena by
creating a view of the SQL project and a crawler to crawl the data base table schema. I used spark SQL on Amazon Sagemaker notebook to connect to the SQL
query on Athena, read the query output into a
DataFrame, saved the Output into Amazon S3 Bucket
as .CSV file and created triggers/schedule runs to automatically update the fiber competitive boundary table/output.
• Calculated Monthly/Yearly Customer Churn and
revenue churn using Frontiers customer information at the beginning and end of year. Which was
implemented into financial model projections.
• I used Micro soft excel to calculate Macros and micros, built pivot tables and edits query outputs before
uploading it on the notion page.
Data Scientist/Bi Developer, Vaustino Construction, Dallas, Tx. 10/2020 – 08/2022
• Deployed Machine Learning Algorithm using linear Regression model and time
Series analysis to predict housing values in suburbs of Dallas and proffered
Business insight that resulted in $142,000 in incremental Quarterly revenue.
• Managed/validate linear regression model to ensure it meets assumptions of no multicollinearity, linearity of variables, Homoscedasticity, and normality of error terms.
• Used predictive analytics such as machine learning and data mining technique to forecast company sales of new product with 95% accuracy rate.
• Built out data and reporting infrastructure from the ground up using Tableau and SQL to provide real-
time insight into the product, marketing funnel and business KPIs.
• Performed ETL and Exploratory data Analysis with AWS glue and python.
• Used Data blending in Tableau to visualize sales and profits made across projects
In different regions within 12 calendar months, dualized axis to combine graphs
As one, synchronized field labels and compared profits/sales across the project and gave business insight on the best B.Sc. Architecture
Nnamdi Azikiwe University – 2011
Achievements &
Certifications
Texas McCombs School of Business
• Data Science and Business
Analytics – Oct. 2022
Edureka
• Python for Data Science – Mar
2021
• Tableau Desktop Certified
Developer – June 2022
LinkedIn Learning
• How to Use Data Visualization to
Make Better Decisions - Faster –
2022
• Learning Python (2020) – Feb
2022
• Azure Administration Essential
Training – 2022
• Data Engineering Foundations –
2022
• SQL Server Integration Services
– 2022
• Microsoft SQL Server 2019
Essential Training – 2022
• Tableau and Power BI Essential
Training – 2022
• Excel: Working Together with
Power Query and Power Pivot –
2022
• Learning Data Governance and
Analytics: Foundations – 2022
• Requirements Elicitation and
Analysis – Jan 2022
• Business Analysis Foundations:
Business Process Modelling - Jan
2022
Other
• Hack-a-Throne, Loan Default
Hackathon – Oct 2022
References
References available on request.
• Built data pipelines with Apache spark and Scala.
• Analyzed multiple samples using ANOVA test to predict an assumption that the new construction methods &
products performed better than the old system is true or false and implemented Shapiro test to check the normality of the distribution.
• Built operational reporting with parameters in
Tableau to find areas of improvement for
contractors resulting in 118,074 in Quarterly
incremental revenue and improvement in precision
construction.
Data Scientist, Summit Mental Health, Austin, TX, 10/2018 – 9/2020
• Performed data extraction of different data structures from different sources with SQL, used python for
transformation and exploratory data analysis.
designed dashboards on Tableau and published
reports of my findings and business recommendations for presentation to the stake holders.
• Used Chi square test to monitor proportions of
clinical outcomes, network
• performance and methodology levers.
• • Optimized data collection procedures to generate weekly, monthly, and quarterly reports.
• Designed predictive and descriptive machine
learning models. With 95%
• accuracy.
• • Aided with quantitative analysis with health care, biometric and survey data.
Projects
EasyVisa Texas McCombs School of Business
Jul 2022 – Aug 2022
Goal: Analyze the data of Visa applicants to facilitate the process of visa approvals.
Solution: Built a predictive model, based on important factors that significantly influence the Visa status.
Results: Recommended a suitable profile for the applicants for whom the visa should be certified or denied.
INN Hotels Texas McCombs School of Business
Jun 2022 – Jul 2022
Goal: Explore the data of INN Hotels to find which factors have a high influence on booking cancellations.
Solution: Created a predictive model that can anticipate which booking is going to be cancelled in advance.
Results: Formulated profitable policies for cancellations and refunds. E-News Express Texas McCombs School of Business
May 2022 – Jun 2022
Goal: Use statistical analysis, a/b testing, and visualization to decide whether the new landing page of an online news portal is effective enough to gather new subscribers or not.
Solution: Investigated user action and engagement levels on the website.
Results: Preference for the new landing page was in favor whilst gaining new subscribers.
Contact this candidate