Promise O. Ezeagozie
Milwaukee, WI
Phone: 312-***-****
Email: adu6hx@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/promise-o-ezeagozie-a705a0104

Professional Summary
ETL developer with work experience in developing business intelligence applications.
Power BI developer with work experience in Desktop installation, and development, publish the report to Power BI Service, Dashboard with ties, Share Dashboards, and reports to stationary and mobile devices.
Experience in developing Business intelligence applications with SQL, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, and Power BI
Highly motivated and passionate about technology.
Business Analyst that assesses and addresses a client’s business needs with the right tools and frameworks to build an effective solution.

Power BI Development

Working knowledge and/or experience with Power BI Desktop.
Write DAX to create calculated columns and measures in providing KPIs with insights.
Troubleshoot slowly running reports and dashboard elements to improve report performance.
Publish reports to Power BI Service.
Creating visuals in Power BI Service, building dashboards, and customizing to meet the needs of the clients /end-users.
Use tiles to create Dashboards or Pin reports.
Experience development visualization, dashboard, and scorecards using Power BI.
Created reports for stationary and mobile devices.
Used various Pie charts, Bar charts, Column Charts, Slicers, Cards, Maps, TreeMaps, and Line Graphs.
Use of report-level and dataset-level insights to report for additional information.

SQL
Experience in using SQL, troubleshooting, and maintaining Tables, Temp. Tables, Table Variables, Stored procedures, Views, Indexes, Triggers, Joins, User-defined functions (UDF), CTE, Database Models, and data integrity in all SQL version platforms.
Troubleshooting complex stored procedures and fixing a bug.
Drive stability, reliability, and performance by optimizing in-application SQL statements and designing user-focused databases.
Utilized Joins and sub-Queries to simplify complex queries involving multiple tables while optimizing procedures and triggers to be used in production.

SSIS
Designed and developed SSIS packages.
Extract data from various sources such as OLE DB, Excel, Flat File, CSV, XML, etc.
Validate/clean data using various transformations such as conditional split, derived columns, etc.
Involved in XML development and XML file parsing in SSIS.
Developed, tested and deployed SSIS packages in different environments for various projects.
Used different packages like For Each Loop Container, Sequence Container, Execute SQL task, Script task, File system task, and Data flow task.
Worked on data flow transformations like XML source, OLE DB Source, Flat File source, Excel Source, Multicast, Merge Join, Lookups, and data conversion.
Used functionalities for organizing errors and event handling by giving precedence constraints, breakpoints, checkpoints, logging, and data viewers.

SSRS
Created both shared datasets and package-level datasets.
Developed parameterized reports with drill-down and drill-through.
Developed a report with various charts, Tables, matrices, maps, and gauges.
Used Sub-report to develop a dashboard.
Configure and deploy dashboard to report sever.

Education
Concordia University Mequon, Wisconsin – IT

Technical Skills

DMB/RDBMS
MS-SQL
ETL
SQL Server Integration Service (SSIS)
Report Tools
Excel, Power BI, SQL Server Reporting Service (SSRS)
Documentation Written
Business Requirements Documents (BRD)
Languages
SQL, DAX
Operating Systems
Windows Server
BI Tools
SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS)
Office Tools
MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint

Professional Experience
Colaberry Inc. March 2018 - Present
Power BI Developer/Business Intelligence
Used ETL (SSIS) to develop jobs for extracting, validating, transforming, and loading data into the ODS.
Prepared the complete data cleansing and mapping for all the migrated jobs using SSIS.
Designed SSIS Packages to transfer data from SQL Server, Excel, XML, and flat files to Data Warehouse loading Dimensional and Fact tables.
Developed new and modified existing stored procedures, queries, user-defined functions, and triggers using SQL.
Developed and implemented Power BI's reporting, analytics, and data visualization solutions.
Utilized Power BI to create dynamic reports and dashboards with Drill down and Drill through.
Creating DAX to create calculated columns and measures in providing KPIs with insights.
Troubleshoot slowly running reports and dashboard elements to improve report performance.

R.T.G. LLC, Upper Marlboro, MD June 2016 – Feb. 2018
Business Intelligence (BI) Developer
Involved in requirement gathering meetings to understand requirements and future usage for the reports and documented them.
Worked on SQL Server development including writing SQL Queries and creating SQL Server objects like Stored Procedures, User-defined Functions, Views, Triggers, implementing relational database models, and data integrity.
Extract data from different sources like, Excel, OLTP, Flat File, and XML, transformed, and Load to the staging tables.
Created views and join that combined data coming from different sources into one table.
Cleaned and transformed data within SSIS and loaded it to ODS.
Created a Slowly changing dimension (SCD) and loaded it to the data warehouse for reporting purposes.
Created Dimensions and Fact tables.
Created a report with both SSRS and Power BI.
Contact this candidate