Dhivya Bharathi. K Mobile: 956-***-****
Email: adu76t@r.postjobfree.com
CAREER OBJECTIVE:
I am seeking a challenging and rewarding technical position with a technology company that will allow me to continue practicing and expanding my skill set. I desire to gain quality experience that will allow me to take full advantage of my knowledge. Also, to make further contributions to the organization by more fully utilizing my experience.
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
3.8 years of experience in Power BI Report and Dashboard design using multiple data sources.
Imported data from SQL Server to Power BI Desktop.
Used to report to Technical Architect and Manager regarding the task and project status.
Good experience in building the relationships between the datasets and analyzing the data.
Good experience on large datasets to improve the report performance.
Designed a dashboards and rich visuals using Power BI.
Beginner level experience in writing DAX Queries. TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Languages : SQL
Databases : SQL Server 2012
Business Intelligence Tools : Power BI
EDUCATION QUALIFICATIONS:
Completed B.E Electrical and Electronics Engineering in Sriram Engineering College.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Working as a Software Engineer at Wipro, Chennai from March 2019 to May 2022.
Working as Senior software Executive in Ford Business Centre from May 2022 to December 31, 2022.
ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES:
Imported data from SQL Server to Power BI Desktop.
Analyzed the source data before applying the ETL operations.
We performed ETL operations in Query editor to cleanse the source data.
Good knowledge on creating Power BI reports, Dashboards using Power BI Desktop. Created various Power BI Visualizations using Bar charts, Column chart, Line chart, Area chart, Waterfall, Pie chart, Donut chart, Tree Map, Card, KPI, Funnel, Maps Slicers.
Used different types of Filters in Power BI like Visual Level Filter, Page level Filter, and Report level Filter Drill-through Filter.
Extensively worked on Power BI transformations like Split column, Group by column, Append queries, Merge queries.
Worked on DAX using various Functions like Aggregate, SUM, COUNT, CALCULATE, Time Intelligence Calculations such as FIRSTDATE and LAST DATE.
Implementation of Row-level security implementation, advanced visualizations, parameters, Incremental refreshes.
Effectively utilizing the navigation features in Power BI (e.g. bookmarks, drill- through)
We also prepared data model and establish relationship between different datasets.
Expertise in generating various reports using SQL Server reporting services and Power BI.
Meet with clients to take detailed requirements and clarify specific requirements of each project.
Involved in creating SQL queries and tables by writing SQL queries for the database.
Attending daily standup calls to provide the status of the Power BI reports. PROJECT DETAILS:
Project 1:
Project : Epson Sales
Client : Epson India
Duration : August 2021 – March 2022
Date Role : BI developer
Environment : MS Power BI, SQL SERVER
Responsibilities:
Involved in requirements gathering, analysis, design, development, documents creation and customer support for the entire project.
Created DFD’s, Requirement documents, Functional flow and Traceability metrics for the entire project.
Fetch all the data source i.e Sales from Data Base and Targets from Excel.
In page 1, Created Gauge Visuals to show the Current Fiscal Year Sales and Target along with BP,RO,FCx for all Entire sales, all Region wise Sales, and for some particular highlighted Product Category.
In page 2, EPIL Sales Created Gauge Visuals at the top of the page to show the Current Fiscal Year Sales and Target along with BP,RO,FCx for all Entire sales and created Stocked bar Charts to show the Region and Territory wise sales and Target, and created Stocked bar Charts to show the Product group and Category sales and Target via Drill Down
,similarly Partner wise sales and Target and final at the end set a table to shows the YTD and MTD of sales and Target for Business Management like BP,RO,FCx and set a Page navigation to see the entire YTD and MTD sales and Target wise product Category.
In page 3, Region Sales Created Gauge Visuals at the top of the page to show the Current Fiscal Year Sales and Target along with BP,RO,FCx for all Entire sales and created Stocked bar Charts to show the Region and Territory wise sales and Target, and created Stocked bar Charts to show the Product group and Category sales and Target via Drill Down
,similarly Partner wise sales and Target and final at the end set a table to shows the YTD and MTD of sales and Target for Business Management like BP,RO,FCx and set a Page navigation to see the entire YTD and MTD sales and Target wise Territory .
In page 4,5,6, Top Product Sales, Created Gauge Visuals at the top of the page to show the Current Fiscal Year Sales and Target along with BP,RO,FCx for all Entire sales and created Stocked bar Charts to show the Region and Territory wise sales and Target, and created Stocked bar Charts to show the Product group and Category sales and Target via Drill Down,similarly Partner wise sales and Target and final at the end set a table to shows the YTD and MTD of sales and Target for Business Management like BP,RO,FCx and set a Page navigation to see the entire YTD and MTD sales and Target wise Territory. Project 2:
Project : Dealerview Market Sales
Client : Ford
Duration : June 2022 – Nov 2022
Date Role : BI developer
Environment : MS Power BI, ODBC
Responsibilities:
Involved in requirements gathering, analysis, design, development, documents creation and customer support for the entire project.
Created Requirement documents, Functional flow and Traceability metrics for the entire project.
In page 1, created a table visuals to show the current Billing value, Achievement percentage, BTGO of different countries.
In page 2, created card visuals at the top of the page to show the Profit of each country and created Pie and Donut charts to show the Product group and Category sales. PERSONAL DETAILS:
Spouse Name: Vivek Krishnan
Languages Known: Telugu, Tamil & English
Date of Birth: 11 Jan 1992
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge Place: Chennai
Date: Signature
Contact this candidate