Employer: kumar, adutfr@r.postjobfree.com, 267-***-****

MUSA
CERTIFIED POWER BI/ SSIS DEVELOPER

Experience Summary:

●Over 7+ years of IT experience in the Analysis, design, development, testing and Implementation of ETL & Business Intelligence solutions using Data Warehouse/Data Mart Design, ETL, SQL SERVER, Azure SQL Cloud and all MSBI tools majorly Power BI.
●Self-Motivated and possess the ability for critical thinking, analysis, good interpersonal, time management, multi-tasking, and communication skills. Ability to work effectively as a team member and individually.
●Experience in designing, developing, and deploying Business Intelligence solutions using SSIS, SSRS, Power BI
●Hands on experience in MS SQL Server 2019, 2016, 2014, 2012 with Business Intelligence in Power BI, SQL Server Integration Services, SQL Server Analysis Services and SQL Server Reporting Services.
●Strong experience of developing, implementing, and maintaining application systems under UNIX Operating System using SQL, PL/SQL, SQL*FORMS, SQL Server, Unix Shell Script, Oracle 10g/9i database.
●Extensive experience in implementing Microsoft BI/Azure BI solutions like PowerBI, SQL Server Integration Services, SQL Server Reporting Services.
●Experience in data migration between different homogeneous/heterogeneous systems and SQL Server as a part of Data Migration and Data Maintenance.
●Hands on experience with SQL programming and Transact-SQL in creating tables, Stored Procedures, triggers, cursors, user-defined functions, views, indexes, user profiles, relational database models, and Complex Queries in MS SQL Server.
●Experience in writing Complex SQL Queries involving multiple tables with inner and outer joins.
●Experience in tuning the reports that include modifying, testing the required TSQL using DMV's and creating the necessary environment for Deployment.
●Experience in OLTP/OLAP environment and Data Warehouse.
●Proficient in Database performance optimization, debugging and tuning using the Query Analyzer, SQL Profiler, and SQL Server Debugger.
●Hands on experience in installing, configuring, managing, monitoring, and troubleshooting SQL Server (2016/2014/2012), PowerBI Desktop, PowerBI Report Builder.
●Experience working on POC to migrate existing on-premises BI platform to Azure Cloud.
●Involved in configuring Integration Runtime (IR) to move the data from on premise to cloud.
●Experience Working on PowerShell scripts to automate the creation of resources and resource group.
●Experience working with Azure Data Warehouse.
●Expertise in developing Parameterized, Chart, Graph, Linked, Dashboard, Scorecards, and Reports using SSRS and Power BI.
●Expert in creating Power pivots, power query, Power views, and SSRS reports using tabular model (DAX), and SQL queries.
●Designed and developed matrix and tabular reports with drill-down, drill-through using PowerBI.
●Enhancing the Reports visually by adding the visual elements like charts, graphs to PowerBI reports.
●Experienced with development and implementing of new emerging Microsoft-related technologies like PowerApps and Flow.
●Created reports from the OLAP cubes using SSRS and Report Builder 3.0.
●Extensively worked on system analysis, design, development, testing, and implementation of projects and capable of handling responsibilities independently as well as a proactive team member.
●Test & Deploy code across various SDLC Environments like TEST, UA/UT/Production.

Technical Skills:

RDBMS/DBMS:
MS SQL Server 2016/2014/2012, MS Azure SQL Cloud, MySQL, IBM DB2, Teradata, Oracle11g/10g/9i/8i, and MS Access
Database Technologies/Tools:
SQL Server Entreprise Manager, Microsoft Management Console, SQL, T-SQL,
Reporting Tools:
PowerBI, SQL Server Reporting Services, PowerBI, Excel.
Operating Systems:
Windows 7, Windows 10
Programming Languages:
T-SQL, DAX, PL/SQL
Design Technologies/Tools:
MS Visio
Data Warehouse / Business Intelligence Tools
SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), Visual Studio 2016/2013/2010, Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS) 2008

Professional Experience:

AUTOMOBILE, Dallas, TX Dec 2019 - Till Date
Role: Power BI Developer / SQL BI Developer

Responsibilities:

●Setting up the PowerBI Environment, creating app workspaces, publishing apps, and setting up PowerBI Gateway.
●Gathered report requirements and determined the best solution to provide the results in either a Reporting Services report or PowerBI.
●Technologies with expertise in SQL Server Development, MSBI Stack (TSQL, SSIS, SSRS), Azure, PowerBI for building, deploying, and managing applications and services through a global network of Microsoft – managed data centers.
●Highly Proficient in creating SQL Server Reports, handling subreports and writing queries to perform Drill through and drill down operations in SSRS.
●Developed JSON Scripts for deploying the Pipeline in Azure Data Factory (ADF) that process the data using the SQL Activity.
●Worked in client requirement Analysis, Physical, Logical design, development Coding, Debugging, Testing, Deployment, Support and Maintenance of business applications using SQL Server 2019/2016/2014/2012/2008, SSIS and SSRS.
●Involved in all phases of the SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle) from analysis, design, development, testing, implementation and maintenance with timely delivery against aggressive deadlines.
●Developing, implementing and maintaining application systems under UNIX Operating System using SQL, PL/SQL, SQL*FORMS, SQL Server, Unix Shell Script, Oracle 10g/9i database.
●Involved in SIT (System Integration Testing) and UAT testing, bug fixing and documentation for the project.
●Designed STAR, SNOWFLAKE Schemas.

Environment: PowerBI Desktop, PowerBI Service, SQL Server 2019, MS SQL SERVER 2016/2014, MS SQL Azure Cloud, Azure Data Factory, Azure Data Lake, MS SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS, Salesforce, Intacct, PowerBI Desktop, PowerBI Service, Data Gateway, DAX, T SQL, SQL Profiler, XMLA, Windows PowerShell, MS Excel, Excess, Windows 10/ 8.

TELECOM, Dallas TX Sep 2018 - Nov 2019
Role: Power BI Developer / SSIS Developer

Responsibilities:

●Worked in Development of Reports and maintenance projects of PowerBI.
●Participated in requirements meetings and data mapping sessions to understand business needs. Identified and documented detailed business rules.
●Integrated Custom Visuals based on business requirements using PowerBI desktop.
●Designing optimal UI using PowerApps
●Developed complex SQL queries using stored procedures, common table expressions (CTEs), temporary table to support PowerBI and SSRS reports.
●Preparing KPIs and PowerBI Dashboard.
●Designed, developed, and tested the ETL strategy to populate data from multiple source systems.
●Adhere to development standards and development lifecycle best practices to ensure swift release/deployments through environments (GIT used for version control)
●Implemented SSIS packages to perform ETL data messaging operations (data profiling, cleansing, and verification).
●Worked with any GIT version control & code repository tool
●Performed CRM reports, Funnel reports, Churn reports, Strategy reports, Supply chain reports, Sales reports, AR reports and Account reports in PowerBI, Report Builder from different data sources like SQL Server, Azure SQL Server Database
●Created SSIS packages to get data from different sources, consolidated and merged into one single source.
●Used PowerBI to create, execute, and deliver tabular, matrix, and charts reports.
●Involved in usage of various SSIS components like Slowly Changing Dimension, Conditional Split, Merge, Merge Join, Multicast, Union All, Sort, Derived column, SQL execution task, Variables, and Error Handling before loading data into the Data warehouse.
●Designed custom Dimensions and Facts Tables to extend data warehouse.
●Worked on the project that involved development and implementation of a data warehouse.
●Involved in Code Review, Unit testing, logging, and Custom Logging in SSIS Packages, Query verification in SSIS and Stored Procedures.
●Developed complex calculated measures using Data Analysis Expression language (DAX).
●Embedded PowerBI reports on Salesforce portal page and managed access of reports and data for individual users using Roles.
●Provided continued maintenance and development of bug fixes for the existing and new PowerBI Reports.
●Imported data from SQL Server DB, Azure SQL DB to PowerBI to generate reports.
●Created Dax Queries to generated computed columns in PowerBI.
●Involved in creating new stored procedures and optimizing existing queries and stored procedures.
●Used PowerBI, Power Pivot to develop data analysis prototype, and used Power View and Power Map to visualize reports.
Environment: Power BI, MS SQL Server 2016/2014, SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS), T-SQL, SQL Server Agent, Java, C#, DB2, Visual Studio 2016, XML, XSLT, MS Office, and Visual source safe, Requisite Pro, TFS, MS Excel, and MS Visio.

CONSULTING COMPANY, Richmond, VA July 2015– Aug 2018
Role: BI Developer

Responsibilities:

●Worked on creating dimensional models using star schema and snowflake schema.
●Designed Facts and Dimensions that supports the business requirements and reporting needs.
●Created ETL packages with different data sources (SQL Server, Oracle Source, Flat Files, Excel source files) and then loaded the data into destination tables by performing different kinds of transformations using SSIS packages
●Worked on Creating SSIS Packages to load the files from SFTP Path on daily basis.
●Created SSRS inventory management reports, focused on findings to save company millions of dollars in Client Members Performance Health management by providing Incentive, Claims, Biometrics file feeds.
●Designed and developed stored procedure, queries, and views necessary to support the SSRS reports.
●Created various Drill through, Parameterized, Tabular reports and matrix reports using SSRS and created subscriptions for users.
●Converted various SQL statements into Stored Procedures thereby reducing the number of database accesses (since stored procedures passes the whole block at one time).
●Performed tune to optimize SQL queries using SQL Profiler and Query Analyzer.
●Worked on Creating, Modifying, and updating the Views and Functions.
●Written Calculated Columns, Measures, and Queries in PowerBI desktop and Tabular model to show good data analysis techniques.
●Worked on creating PowerBI Dashboards using tabular model.
●Converted existing SSRS reports to PowerBI and created different KPI using calculated key figures and parameters.
●Mastered the ability to design and deploy rich Graphic visualizations with Drill Down using Tableau
●Created and Deployed reports using SSRS.

Environment: SQL Server 2012/2016, SSIS, SSRS, PowerBI, Visual Studio 2016/2015, TFS (2015), UNIX.
Contact this candidate