Page * of *
Koffi M. Kouadio
*** *. ******** ***, **** 1802,
Chicago, IL 60604
Mobile: +1-708-***-****
Email: adv08m@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Profile
Ambitious and results-driven, certified to MBA and MSc level, fluent in English and French, I have a range of IT and team management experience gained over a 20-year career spanning the UK, UAE and HK. A Microsoft Certified IT professional, with both private and public sector experience, I am an adept people manager with proven success in business continuity and IT transformation. Experienced in working in vertical teams, I have developed good interpersonal and negotiation skills. Good team leader/player who enjoys being part of a well motivated, high performing team. I am now looking for a challenging position that will make best use of my skills and take me to a new level of success. I would welcome the chance to guide an organisation through a new age of advanced technology in order to gain competitive advantage. Education, Professional Qualifications and Language Skills Education
MBA (Masters of Business Administration) London South Bank University, UK 2007 MSc (Masters in Information Systems Management) London South Bank University, UK 2004 BSc (Hons) Computer Science, Kingston University, UK 1998 BTEC Computer Studies (including Maths), Vauxhall College, UK 1994 Professional Certification
DP-900 (Microsoft Certified Azure Data Fundamentals) MCDBA (Microsoft Certified Database Administrator) MCSD (Microsoft Certified Solution Developer)
MCP (Microsoft Certified Professional)
MCSA Windows Server (Microsoft Certified System Administrator) CRM Goldmine Front Range/Front Office Consultant/Implementer PRINCE2 (Project Management Foundation)
Professional Membership
CMI (Chartered Management Institute), MBCS (Member British Computer Society/Chartered Institute for IT) Technology Profile
Software: SQL Server 7- 2019, SharePoint, Windows Server (2003-2019), Microsoft (Project, Office, Visio) Exchange Server, Vmware, Oracle on Windows, IIS Software Development: Microsoft .NET (VB.net, ASP.net, C#), Access, VBA, ASP, Crystal Report, SSRS, Microsoft Power BI, SSAS, SSIS, AWS QuickSight, REST, JavaScript, HTML, T-SQL, PL-SQL Career Summary
09/2022 – Present British Consular Chicago – Data Visualisations and Analytics Project Lead Analysing and interpreting complex data sets and creating insightful visualizations Build Data Workspace and Dataset using SQL Server and Progress SQL. Build Data pipeline from data extracted from many Application Systems and some flat files. Developed Management reporting and dashboards for users across US and Canada utilising AWS Quick Sight and Microsoft Power BI. 09/2014 – 06/2020 Independent consultant/contractor SQL Server Development and Administration (3 to 6) months contract at various organizations. The design and implementation of a UK Visa application. Production Database Admin, Performance Tuning, Query Optimization, Configuring and implement Always-On, Replication, Mirroring, Clustering, Log shipping and Backups/Restore policy, Azure SQL Server Admin within MSSS, SSIS, SSAS, Data Analysis, Microsoft Power BI, AWS QuickSight, SSRS. Assessing out ICT needs and supporting the procurement of appropriate software and hardware. Developing IT policies and SOPs for the use of ICT, including out security protocols. Scoping the business and technical requirements for a bespoke healthcare database/data observatory Page 2 of 2
09/2010 – 07/2014 Etihad Airways – IT Manager
Managing, planning, leading, implementing, supporting and the architecture of all Cloud/SharePoint, Integrations and Software Applications Development within Etihad using Agile Methodology using JIRA and Microsoft (.net) Technologies, I led the successful delivery of many in house applications and integration projects. I have managed and mentored a team of 8 developers to design, develop, deploy and support all custom business applications. As a domain expert in my field, I led on the new SABRE transformation programme and advised Etihad business users on the best course of action. During my time at Etihad, I helped save the company in excess of $2 million dollars through the provision of cutting edge and innovative IT software solutions, such as: Worldwide Cargo Tracking System, Etihad Pilot Training, Employer Satisfaction Survey, Global Contact Centre, Emergency Response Roster Cabin Crew Roster System, Boeing and Airbus aircraft Specifications, Online Staff Duty Travel etc. 03/2010 – 07/2010 Focus Management Consultancy – Internet Marketing Consultant Analysis and review of FMCM website, planned, developed and implemented an organic SEO (search engine optimisation) for the business. Counselled on delivering cost effective “Pay per Click” marketing with strong conversion rates and drafted a proposal as to how the company could leverage social media. 01/2004 – 09/2009 London Borough of Wandsworth – Application Development & Support Manager Responsibility for planning, implementing, overseeing the operation of application development, IT software projects Management, SQL Database Administration and support team within the IT Department and also the development, implementation and maintenance of IT strategies/policies. Negotiation of Service Level Agreements with both internal and external customers and service providers, Monitoring service delivery to ensure that agreed targets and standards are met. Research, evaluate and project manage new application development, and data management technologies. Wandsworth Council embarked on a total IT Infrastructure Transformation Project, it was a change process re-engineering, Software development using agile methodology and a procurement of IT Services Provisioning. My role included providing technical leadership for developing and maintaining the Council's enterprise information architecture and designing the virtualised SQL Server Clustered Environment. Database Administration of all SQL Server (SSIS, SSRS, SSAS) and Oracle Databases 06/2003 - 12/2004 Gravitas Consulting – IT Manager Responsibility for the implementation and management of the Technology Infrastructure within the organization. I reported to the MD and was directly responsible for directing the work of IT systems/business analysts, programmers and support staff. This included the evaluation of ICT and user needs, ensuring that the ICT facilities met those needs and were in line with cost effectiveness and overseeing the smooth running of all ICT systems, including Business continuity planning, email provision, IT budget and IT projects Management, Development of Recruitment application utilising VB.net and MS SQL Server. 07/2000 - 05/2003 Dial A Phone – Senior SQL Server Administrator/Developer I was responsible for the day-to-day production SQL Server Database Administration tasks (Installation, Configuration, Database Migrations and Upgrades). Query tuning, Maintenance Plans, managing Jobs, SQL Server availability, recoverability, Database mirroring, replication, SQL Database backup and restore strategy. Managing users, Linked Server between SQL Server, Oracle server and Microsoft Access, Sale order processing application Development utilising VB.net, SQL Server and Crystal report 06/1998 – 06/2000 Dan Technology Ltd – Senior Systems Analyst Developer Between 98 and 2000 I moved through the ranks from a Software Developer to Senior Systems Analyst/Developer eventually becoming Development Team Leader. Here I was mainly responsible for development of the design specification for new solutions, including project scoping, budgetary control, hardware design, software solution design and SQL Server Database Design and administration. 06/1996 – 10/1997 Bull Information Systems – System Analyst/ Programmer My first commercial IT professional role had me heavily involved in the design of complex distributed database environment, analysis and design of data migration, management reporting and data integration architecture where my duties were not limited to project management, software development and product testing.
Contact this candidate