Gebremariam
adv4e8@r.postjobfree.com

IT EXPERIENCE: 6 + YEARS

MOBILE NUMBER :
+702*******

ETL developer
sql developer
OBJECTIVE
Seeking challenging assignments in Sql, T-Sql, Business Intelligence, MSBI, Power BI in a technology driven, growth oriented organization, which shall help me develop a rational approach to come out with efficient solutions to problems/challenges and also inherit a multidimensional learning curve with an assertive environmental ionization.

PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS

Flexible to work on any Backend (Database) Technologies.

6+ years of Experience in Power BI, Sql, T-Sql, and SSIS, SSAS, SSRS has provided technical Knowledge in Sql queries, T/SQL Programming (Stored Procedures, Cursors, Functions, and Triggers etc.), performance tuning and Business Intelligence projects.

Working in Power BI Desktop, Power BI Service, Getaways and customized tooltip and Power Query to convert the data in desired format and creating visualizations.

Working on SSIS various tasks such as Control Flow (Execute SQL task, for each loop container, Data Flow task, File System etc.) And transformations such as FTP Task, Aggregate, Sort, Lookup, Fuzzy Lookup, SCD (Slowly Changing dimension), Merge join multicast, conditional split, derived column etc.

Worked on complex queries using Procedures, Functions, Cursors, Triggers and Performance tuning used majorly in projects.

EDUCATION
Bachelar Degree (IT)
EXPERIENCE

Intel Tech Mar-2018 – Present \ remote\
Bank of America Oct-2017 -- Feb 2018 \MN\
Frias management Jan-2012 -- Sep 2017 \LV \

Projects:
Project– HRIS
Position ETL Developer/power BI
Client : Hr Department
Duration : Mar-2018 – Present
Technology : SSIS, SSAS, SQL, T-SQL, Power BI
Company : Intel Tech
This project was started because of the problems facing by HR Department across Deutsche Bank as they use to feed every information in a maintained spreadsheet. Which is full of duplicates, Human spellings mistake etc. Due to which higher management is facing a big problem! Although the information was crucial BMC want a separate and dedicated Employee to work on this.
Responsibilities:
Regularly developed Power BI Report as per the HR Department demands
Developed SSAS Tabular Model and Imported in Power BI in Live connection mode to keep data updated in Power BI
Normalization done to reduce redundancy and populate data in the tables accordingly.
Designed and developed SSIS Packages for regular ETL load.
Generated multiple reports depending on required Similarity threshold using Fuzzy lookup.
Deleted approx. matching records manually depending on the fuzzy lookup reports to avoid repetition.
Developed complex stored procedure, cursors according to the need.
Project – Transaction controlling
Client : FCS Stone
Position ETL Developer/power BI
Duration : Oct-2017 -- Feb 2018
Technology : Power BI, SSIS, Excel, SQL, T-SQL
Company : Bank of America
This Project is created for Automatic update of tables by appending with additional data which use to come in 12 excel files once in a month, The problem is every month files use to come with some additional information Like additional columns or invalid data as these files use to get update manually. So need to modify SSIS Package or File data according to the need. Created Reports and Dashboards in Power BI.
Responsibilities:
Take Backup in chunks every month before deployment in production.
Schedule Sql Server Agent to run the package on daily basis or schedule according to the change request.
Modification of SSIS package.
Detail analysis of excel sheets.
Finding the right error for package failures.
Running the package in Production by making site down.
Project – METADATA Management (Enterprise Architecture)
Client : In house project of BMC
Position ETL Developer/power BI
Duration : Jan-2012 -- Sep 2017
Technology : Excel, SQL, T-SQL
Company : Frias management
Responsibilities:
Designed and Develop Metadata Repository Import Methods.
Sql queries used to retrieve data in MEGA Application.
Expert Level hand on MEGA Application.
Different Integration sources like Erwin, Visio, Rally, Bizagi etc.
Conducted POC with every integration source.
Used Several Advance methods to integrate.
Responsible to integrate data from different sources as displayed in below diagram

Technical Skills

Power BI
SQL SERVER
T/SQL Programming (Stored Procedures, Cursors, Functions, Triggers)
SSIS
SSAS
SSRS
DATA Modeling

Tools Used

Power BI Desktop
Power BI Service
SQL SERVER Data Tools
SQL SERVER Management Studio
Programming language

Sql
Java
Contact this candidate