Raqeeb Mohammad
Tableau Developer
856-***-**** • advcil@r.postjobfree.com
Summary
Overall 3+ years of IT experience in designing, developing, and deploying of Tableau and Business Intelligence Applications.
Extensive experience in Tableau Desktop, Tableau Server, and Tableau Reader in various versions of Tableau 10.x/2021.x/2022.x
Have good understanding of Tableau Architecture, design, development, and end user experience.
Extensive experienced in requirement gathering, data collection, documentation, consumer analysis, design, development, testing, and production rollover of reporting and analysis projects.
Created rich dashboards visually telling stories of the business status, strength & weakness, potentials etc. for the client at a glance and interaction with data as necessary.
Created wide variety of analysis including total volume, root cause, comparisons, trending and what-if analysis.
Extensive experience in utilizing advance features of Tableau development including cluster analysis, cross-database joins, data blending, Level of detail expressions (LODs), calculated fields, filter actions, calculated sets, quick filters and parameters.
Experience in creating different visualizations using Bars, Lines, Pies, Maps, Scatter plots, Gantts, Bubbles, Histograms, Bullets, Heat maps and Highlight tables.
Worked on generating various dashboards in Tableau using multiple data sources such as MS SQL Server, Teradata, Flat files and Microsoft technologies.
Administered user, user groups, and scheduled instances for reports in Tableau Server.
Experience working with large volumes of data 100+ million rows.
Ability to use custom SQL for complex data pulls.
Used ETL process to Extract, Transform and Load the data into staging area and data warehouse.
Extensive experience in Tableau Server Administration for Configuration, adding users, managing licenses, data connections, scheduling tasks and embedding views by integrating with other platforms like SharePoint, HTML Webpages, etc.
Experience in documenting the testing process using MS-Office tools including MS-Word, MS-Excel, Outlook and MS-Project.
Hands-on experience working in Agile Scrum and Kanban development methodologies.
Experience developing software life cycle reports using data from Jira and TFS.
Good independent / team working skills and experience, excellent communication skills and customer handling capabilities.

Education: Computer Science, BA: Rutgers University, Camden, NJ

SKILLS: Tableau Desktop, Tableau Server, SQL, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Access, SharePoint, Excellent Oral, and Written Communication.

Professional Experience

KEY BANK, Philadelphia, PA Dec 2021– Present
Tableau / BI Developer
Working with Remote Access team at Key Bank to develop, deploy and maintain reporting on information security KPIs and service quality metrics.
Actively involved in technical & functional specifications of reporting development.
Developed Gateway Utilization, Capacity management, Project and Initiatives status and various other Process and Service metrics reports and dashboards.
Utilized advance features of Tableau Desktop to link data from different data sources together on one dashboard to filter data in multiple views.
Created actions, parameters, Filter (Local, Global) and calculated sets for preparing dashboards and worksheets using Tableau Desktop.
Effectively used data blending, quick filters, dashboard actions, hierarchies’ features in Tableau.
Used Excel as data source to develop Tableau dashboards.
Created custom SQL views to populate data for analysis in Tableau.
Connected to Stored Procedures and Custom SQL quires in Tableau to generate reports.
Used Splunk search tool to generate reports and test data validation.
Executed and tested required queries and reports before publishing to Tableau Server.
Embedded Tableau visualizations in SharePoint for consumption by users and managers.
Converted metric insight reports to Tableau reports.
Created custom color pallet, custom shapes to use in dashboards.
Defined best practices for Tableau report development.
Provided Tableau cross-training to team members.
Developed multiple reports like Burndown chart, Burnup chart, Sprint report, Velocity chart and Version reports using data from Jira.
Environment: Tableau 2022.2, Tableau Server 2022.2, MS Excel, SQL Server, T-SQL, SharePoint, SSRS, SQL Management Studio, Splunk, Atlassian Jira.

RISING STAR LOGISITCS, Delran, NJ Sep 2020 – Dec 2021
Tableau Developer
• Hands-on development assisting power users in creating and modifying worksheets and data visualization dashboards for departmental consumption.
• Created Business requirement documents and plans for creating dashboards.
• Built complex formulas in Tableau for various business calculations.
• Set schedules for incremental refreshes for published data sources on Tableau server.
• Created Tableau dashboards using stack bars, bar graphs, scattered plots, geographical maps, heat maps, bullet charts, Gantt charts demonstrating key information for decision making.
• Created, organized, customized analysis and visualized projects and dashboards to present to Senior Level Executives.
• Created a few reports with dummy meter data and cell relays to illustrate mapping capabilities of Tableau.
• Coordinated database middleware issues with DBA's, system performance with System Architects.
• Created user, user groups, and scheduled instances for reports in Tableau.
• Involved in installing tabcmd to schedule the reports and setup email reports using command lines.
• Documented a whole process of working with Tableau Desktop, installing Tableau Server, evaluating Business Requirements, and proposing System Requirements.
• Developed workbooks to perform year over year, quarter over quarter, YTD, QTD and MTD type of analysis.
• Created visualization for logistics calculation and department spend analysis.
• Generate KPIs for fuel consumption and logistical route management.
• Provided support for Tableau training for various end users.
• Analyzed the company financial/business data to categorize facts and statistics and provide a true picture of performance and industry standing.
• Resolved end user reporting problems through collaboration with IT and Operations.
• Interacted on a day-to-day basis with several different groups to achieve a common deliverable.
• Guided BI developers in building reports by connecting against Single Table, Multiple Tables and Custom SQL.
Environment: Tableau Desktop 10.1, Tableau Server 10.1, MS Excel, SQL Server, Alteryx, SQL Management Studio, Atlassian Jira, Confluence.
Contact this candidate