Shalini P
Senior BI Consultant
Ph: +1-603-***-****
Email: advjim@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Summary

Overall 10+ years of IT experience in Design, Development and Implementation of BI solutions
Successfully led multiple Data and BI projects for several clients
Extensively worked on Power BI and has got around 8+ years' Experience on development of Reports and Dashboards using POWER BI
Worked on multiple data sources and dashboard using live & import connection in Power BI
Extensively working on DAX functions and built complex transformations in Power BI and Data modeling
Performed ETL Operations to cleanse the data in Power Query Editor
Experienced in preparing data model and established the relationships between the different tables
Conducted workshops with Executives, gathered requirements, discussed on KPI definition, templates and designed wireframes
Lead multiple teams and conducted daily stand-up calls with team and attended status calls with stakeholders
Skilled in Power BI Desktop for data visualization through various charts such as bar charts, line charts, 100% bar chart, pie charts, and donut charts
Worked on Row Level Security to restrict the user access in Power BI
Extensively worked on Star schema and Snowflake schema
Created New Calculated Column and Measure using DAX Expression.
Worked on Bookmarks and selection pane in POWER BI
Worked on Power BI Premium and Pro licenses
Technical Skills

Microsoft Power BI Suite
Power BI Desktop
Power BI Service
Power query Editor
Power Apps
Power Automate
SQL SERVER
Excel

Project #1
Client: Toyota Motors North America - Plano, TX
Role: Senior Power BI Developer
Environment: Power BI, Snowflake
Duration: Jun ‘2020 - Till Date

Roles & Responsibilities:

Understanding the functional and technical specification.
Independent handling of design activities & technical project requirements
The role focuses on providing the much-needed bridge between big data business analytics outputs and operational and effective business insights and tactics as well as being the translator of business information needs to analytics projects.
Create high-end Governance reports in Power B.I Desktop and share them with the senior management through Power B.I Service.
Hands-on experience on Power BI Service, creating and maintaining apps and app workspaces, sharing dashboards.
Creating reports with various visualizations like tabular data, matrices, and charts.
Creating and scheduling reports on a weekly and monthly basis as per client requirements.
Required data transformations and formatting of data are performed on Power BI Desktop and reports are defined.
Created dashboards using Power BI Desktop, which includes drilling, sorting, etc.
Created filters and applied conditional formatting based on user requirements.
Created and scheduled the reports using the Enterprise Gateway.
Ensure timely delivery and quality of delivery by adhering to the quality process.

Project #2

Client: Colgate, New York City, NY
Role: Senior Power BI Developer
Environment: Power BI, SQL SERVER 2012, Windows XP
Duration: Jul’ 2019 – Jun’ 2020

Roles & Responsibilities:

Understanding the functional and technical specification.
Deep experience with the design and development of Power BI visualization solutions.
Preparing Dashboards using calculations, measures in Power BI.
Using filters and drill through, table calculations when necessary.
Use Measure name and Measure Value fields to create visualizations with multiple measures and Dimensions.
Interact with server to publish the workbook into project.
Understand Requirement, Analyzing Systems and Source Databases.
Designed, developed and implemented Business Intelligence reports.
Representing data using the Stacked Bars, Pie Charts and Bar Charts, Donut Charts.
Analyzing datasets requirements.
Use parameters and input controls to give users control over certain values.
Created Actions to navigate to various pages as the user wish.
Responsible for Dashboard design, layout, look and feel development.
Created Filters, drill through filters, table calculations, calculated measures.
Daily and Weekly status update to the related Clients Project Mangers.
Delivered task as per timeline.
Project #3

Client: Bayer Crop Science - St Louis, Missouri
Role: Power BI Developer
Environment: Power BI, SQL SERVER 2012, Windows XP
Duration: Jul’ 2018– Jun’ 2019

Roles & Responsibilities:

Daily and Weekly status update to the related Clients Project Mangers.
Delivered task as per timeline.
Resolved technical issues.
Created dashboards by using Power BI Desktop.
Experience in creating calculated measures and columns with DAX in POWER BI DESKTOP.
Expert Knowledge using advanced calculations using power BI desktop.
Creating parameters, Filters, table calculations, sets.
Representing data using the Geographic Maps, Pie Charts, Bar Charts, and Tree Maps.
Used groups, hierarchies, sorts, sets and filters to create focused and effective visualizations.
Use Measure name and Measure Value fields to create visualizations with multiple measures and dimensions.
Regular involving in calls with customer and discussing about status and new requirements of the project and Analyzing reporting requirements.
Project #4

Client: Huntsman, Houston, TX
Role: Power BI Developer
Environment: Power BI, SQL SERVER 2012, Windows XP
Duration: Feb’ 2017– Jun’ 2018

Roles & Responsibilities:

Gathered and translated business requirements into detailed, production-level technical specifications detailing new features and enhancements to existing business functionality.
Developed complex Power BI models for financial reporting and performed ad-hoc analyses.
Created Excel Power Pivot, Power Query and Power View dashboards for data analysis and reporting.
Implemented complex DAX functions in Power BI and Power Pivot.
Proficient Knowledge of leveraging Common Data Service for scalable and secure data stores with a common yet extensible schema as part of the Business Application Platform, for Power Apps, Power Automate (Microsoft Flow) and Power BI.
Utilized Power Query in Power BI to Pivot and Un-pivot the data model for data cleansing and data massaging.
Created several user roles and groups to the end - user and provided row level security to them.
Designed and developed Power BI dashboards, Reports and published it on Power BI sites.
Creating dashboards using the existing business metrics, charts, and visualizations.
Creating drill-down reports, interactive graphs, and visuals for a comprehensive report.
Developed Power BI reports and dashboards from multiple data sources using data blending.
Project #5
Client: Actavis, NJ
Role: Power BI Developer
Environment: Power BI, SQL SERVER 2012, Windows XP
Duration: Jun’ 2014 – Jan’ 2017

Roles & Responsibilities:

Delivered task as per timeline.
Resolved technical issues.
Created dashboards by using Power BI Desktop.
Experience in creating calculated measures and columns with DAX in POWER BI DESKTOP.
Expert Knowledge using advanced calculations using power BI desktop.
Creating parameters, Filters, table calculations, sets.
Representing data using the Geographic Maps, Pie Charts, Bar Charts, and Tree Maps.
Used groups, hierarchies, sorts, sets and filters to create focused and effective visualizations.
Project #6
Client: Stryker, Kalamazo, MI
Role: SAP BW Consultant
Duration: April’ 2012 – May’2014

Roles & Responsibilities:

Involved in the preparation of Functional and Technical Documents.
Experience of using SAP BW 7.X and SAP BW on HANA, and Bex tools such as Query designer and Bex Analyzer.
Effectively work individually as well as a part of Implementation team.
Set goals, plan and manage tasks within deadlines according to the set PMI standards.
Ability to work as a bridge between highly technical consultants and business users to transform business scenarios into SAP Business Warehouse.
Coordination with functional consultants to identify data sources according to the business analysis requirements. Built Process Chains to run data validation before loading Excel files and to load delta load for R/3 data.
Performed the end user training, knowledge transfer and production support activities and resolved various issues.
Contact this candidate