Martha Araya

Tel 571-***-**** email: advlax@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Summary

Over 5+ years of experience working as SQL/MSBI/Power BI Developer and have solid experience in managing large databases, creating different database objects like tables, views, indexes, stored procedures, functions and triggers, Data modeling, data integration (Using SSIS), Data visualization, configuring and managing reports using different technologies. Used Power BI different components/functionalities like power query DAX, data models, Datasets, Dashboards, KPI Scorecards, implementing row-level security, Great Knowledge of Data warehousing including star Schema, Snowflakes in ETL process design based on business requirements. Powerful business and technical vision with effective people skills, ability to manage multiple complex projects, innovative and creative problem solver, results-oriented, and has an aptitude for learning and can maximize resources while processing a sense of determination.
Education:
Bachelor’s
TOOLS AND TECHNOLOGY
RDBMS
SQL Server, Azure SQL databases Server 2019/2016/2014/2012, Oracle, Redshift, MySQL, DB2
Languages\Tools
Visual Basic, PowerShell, C#, T-SQL, Java, Python, .Net.
Modeling Tools
MS Visio and Oracle SQL Server Data Modeler.
ETL Tools
SSIS, Azure Data Factory
Visualization
Power BI Desktop, Power BI service, Tableau, Report Builder, Visual Studio, SSRS
Analysis Tools
SQL Server Analysis Server (Tabular and Multi-Dimensional)

TECHNICAL CERTIFICATION:

Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate (MCSA)
Administering Microsoft SQL Server 2012/2014 Databases
Implementing a Data Warehouse with Microsoft SQL Server 2012/2014

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Client: Northwestern Mutual, WI 07/2020 - Present
Role: SQL/Power BI Developer

Worked with Business Systems Analysts to fine-tune specifications by ensuring that all database constraints are satisfied and perform impact analysis of changes
Involved in the logical and physical data models of databases and prepared test cases for an existing solution and new solutions to validate the solution met requirements and prepared documentation.
Created complex Stored Procedures, Triggers, Functions, Indexes, Tables, Views, SQL joins, and other T-SQL codes to implement business rules. (Used CTE, temporary tables, user-defined table types in codes developed)
Performed T-SQL tuning and optimization of queries for reports that take longer execution time using MS SQL Profiler, Index Tuning Wizard, and SQL Query Analyzer in MS SQL Server 2012/2017.
Experience in Power BI and with different BI components like Oracle, SQL, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS).
Manage, monitor, and improve Power BI environment including ongoing changes and active product backlog.
Imported data from Oracle DB, SQL Server DB, and Azure SQL DB to Power BI to generate reports.
Cleaning up datasets using merge queries, append queries, and sort data columns to properly fit our reports.
Created Dax Queries to generate computed columns in Power BI, also applied DAX calculated measures and columns.
Good Knowledge Installed and configured Enterprise gateway in Power BI service.
Scheduled Automatic refresh and scheduling refresh in Power BI service.
Experienced in how to publish, schedule reports, and dashboards to meet business requirements.
Developed visual reports, dashboards, and KPI scorecards using Power BI desktop.
Good Skilled in calculated columns, Measures queries in Power BI Desktop to show good data analysis techniques, and generate reports in Power BI Modelling and usage of DAX.
Worked on all kinds of reports such as Yearly, Quarterly, Monthly, and Daily.
Implementation of Row-level security with Power BI (RLS).
Deployed and Created Compute on Azure Cloud Service.
Implemented Azure Analysis Service, Azure Data Factory, Azure Blob, and Data Lake.
Designed, implemented, and supported a platform providing ad-hoc access to a large database.
Environment: SQL Server 2019/2016/2012, SQL BI Suite (SSIS, SSRS), T-SQL, Power BI, SQL Profiler, MS Office, Erwin, Windows Server 2016.

Client: American Home Mortgage 01/2019 - 06/2020
Role: MSBI / SQL Developer

Requirements gathering, Analysis, and Design of all the client requirements.
Performed Data Modelling and Developed logical and physical model using Erwin and implemented them on SQL server.
Wrote custom T-SQL stored procedures and triggers to improve performance, preserve referential integrity, and provide additional application functionality.
Created SSIS packages using various data transformations like fuzzy lookup, derived column transformation, etc. to migrate the old Bills information, Customer Information, Contracts Information, and other important data.
Used Crystal Reports to track logins, mouseovers, click-throughs, session durations, and demographical comparisons with SQL database of customer information.
Used SSIS to upload amortization schedules sent by the client. CSV format onto the staging tables, which were used for doing all the calculations. Then the data was moved to the core tables and the staging tables were deleted.
Designed, coded, and implemented Ad hoc reports using existing report models in SSRS.
Identified the Data sources and defined them to build the Data Source Views.
Generated matrix reports, drill down, drill through, sub reports, chart reports, and multi-parameterized reports using Variables, Expressions, and Functions for the reports.
Managed Alerts for successful or unsuccessful completion of scheduled jobs.
Used Crystal Reports to track successful/unsuccessful sent emails, emails that were read, click-through, and demographical comparisons with SQL database of customer information.
Performed Index analysis for tables and came up with more efficient solutions to use Clustered and Non-Clustered Indexes for a significant performance boost.
Optimized SQL queries and stored procedures using SQL Profiler and Index Tuning Wizard.
Involved in testing, bug fixing, and documentation for the project.
Generated test data and tested database to meet the functionalities deliverables in the project documentation and specifications
Developed incremental loading using MERGE statement in SQL Server 2008R2.
Improved Performance by creating Clustered and Non clustered Indexes and by Optimizing the T-SQL statements using SQL profiler
Used Execution Plan and Database Engine Tuning Advisor to optimize queries and enhance the performance of databases
Formulated and documented ETL process design based on business requirements and system specifications with strong ETL design skills, including source-to-target mappings, transformations, lookups, aggregations, and expressions.
Optimized the database by creating various clustered, non-clustered indexes and index views.
Ensured to generate and deliver quality reports to customers in a timely and accurate manner.
Created and scheduled SSIS Jobs using SQL Scheduler, and SQL Server Agent for daily, weekly, and monthly loads.
Developed standard reports and functional dashboards based on business requirements.
Generated reports for internal and external customers for business performance monitoring and business decision-making.
Environment: Microsoft SQL Server 2008/2008R2, MS SQL Integration Services 2008, SSRS 2008, SSAS, Microsoft Excel, C#, XML, ASP.NET, MS Office.

Client: Valiance - Basking Ridge, NJ 04/2017 - 12/2018
Role: MS SQL/BI Developer
Worked with business users and stakeholders to gather or refine requirements
Deployed database objects from the development/testing environment to the production environment.
Supported end-users to resolve issues and assisted users on existing database applications.
Worked with Type 1 and 2 dimensions, Fact Tables, Star Schema design, Operational Data Store (ODS), leveling, and other Data Warehouse concepts.
Used SSIS to create ETL packages to Validate, Extract, Transform and Load data to Data Warehouse and Data Mart Databases.
Involved in Extracting, Transforming, and Loading (ETL) data from Excel, Flat file to MS SQL Server by using SSIS services
Developed periodic SSRS reports in BIDS used to generate daily, weekly, monthly, and quarterly reports
Checked the SQL Server is online and that still has connectivity with the front-end applications and functionality, making sure a 24/7 availability. Collaborated with multiple application owners to address various issues
Monitored growth of database objects for capacity planning.
Created Documentation for steps that need to be taken while upgrading the SQL server 2008/2008R2 to SQL server 2012, which includes in-place, side-by-side, and standalone migration.
Successfully migrated databases from SQL Server 2005 to 2008R2/2012, SSIS packages, SSRS reports, multiple databases along with all database objects like stored procedures, logins (orphaned users and after migration worked with application owner to redirect\point their application to the newly migrated server)
Enhanced the old logical and physical database design to fit the new business requirement and implemented the new design into SQL Server 2012.

Environment: SQL Server 2005/2008/ R2/2012, BIDS, Visual Studio 2005/2008, T-SQL, MS Access, MS- Excel, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, SSMS, Report Builder 2.0/3.0
Contact this candidate