ASMA FATIMA
*** ***** ****** *****, *’Fallon,MO, 63366 •Ph: 636-***-**** •
Email Id: advs56@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Summary
A curious Power BI developer with 5+ years of experience in database development. Confident in querying in SQL and DAX languages. Seeking a career opportunity to bring detail and precision into data analysis. Developed enterprise-wide Power BI dashboards & dimensional data models to boost efficiency and improve operational performance. Professional Summary
• 16 years of total IT experience in Manufacturing and Production Domain.
• 5 years of experience in Microsoft Power BI, Development of Visual Dashboards for the shop floor.
• Used Microsoft Power Bi as a part of Digital Shift to develop Visual dashboards to be displayed in the shop floor.
• Daily production dashboard/Spend Analysis/Volume analysis/Synoptic design are few of the developed designs.
• Key User for Production ERP and Power BI Visual Dashboards
• Master Data Maintenance in Production ERP, Maintain and monitor current systems.
• Master Maintenance for Customer,Supplier, Product master, Bill of Material Masters in ERP.
• Optimized data collection procedures and generated reports on a weekly, monthly and quarterly basis.
• Managed employee training for new hires, offering continuous guidance and mentorship on best practices.
• A self-starter with the ability to quickly recognize and resolve issues under pressure and ability to work in a challenging and fast-paced environment.
• Excellent team player with problem-solving and trouble-shooting capabilities.
• Proven record of accomplishing complex system issues and providing ontime solutions to end users with substantial experience in data analysis, reporting and visualizations.
• Extensive experience in dealing with multiple departments and data analysis requests with experience in managing Production IT operations with key focus on optimal utilization of resources.
• Proficient in analysing/resolving problems, coordinating work with the local and global teams and optimizing tasks for efficiency.
Skills
● Microsoft Power BI Desktop
● Troubleshooting
● Data visualization and modeling
● Data query language: SQL, DAX
● Data warehousing and analytics
● ETL (Oracle,IBM AS/400)
● CI/CD principles
● Microsoft Excel (Advanced: VBA, Macros, Pivot)
● Critical thinking
● Eye for detail
● Communications skills
● Teamwork skills
● Problem-solving skills
Work History
Senior IT Coordinator/PowerBI Developer, July’2017 to March’2022 Sandvik Mining and Rock Technology – Hyderabad, India
● Conducted 80+ complex business problem analyses to reduce operational and financial risk as part of the client’s compliance strategy.
● Applied regulatory standards and policies in procedural data analysis.
● Developed 85% custom Microsoft Power BI dashboards, visualizations, and interfaces with Oracle and IBM AS/400 to deliver meaningful and actionable insights.
● Delivered 100% assigned tasks within the agreed budget.
● Worked on Row level Security, DAX functions, Data Visualizations, KPI Cards.
● Used Power BI Service to share reports among business users.
● Supporting End Users with regular MIS Reports and providing the Management Team with monthly KPI reports.
● Ensure policies, procedures, and SLAs relating to corporate master data are met across business units and global support functions.
● Key User for Production ERP and Power BI Visual Dashboards
● Implementation and Maintaining IT - Internal Controls. Key achievement:
● Launched a data warehouse in collaboration with the Informatica team to optimize reporting solutions for the organization, making it easy for the production teams to ease planning of materials and maintain correct levels of inventory. Project Summary
Project Title : PowerBI-Daily Production Update Dashboard Daily Production update dashboard is designed in PowerBI to provide live update on Production numbers, in all product groups . This Digital Screen Board is displayed in the shopfloor with Production Volume vs Target with also related KPI’s like TCT,TMT making it more transparent and clearly outlining the improvement areas to the end users Responsibilities:
● Comprehend business requirements in a BI context and developed datamodels to convert data into actionable insights.
● Identify KPI’s with outlined objectives and consistently monitor them.
● Collaborated with business users, collected requests, created and updated the BI reports to accommodate business needs.
● Developed reporting systems that provide accessible information for accurate decision making.
Project Title : PowerBI-Live Inventory Dashboard
Inventory Dashboard is developed using Synoptic Design in PowerBI, a powerful visual component for Power BI that connects areas in a custom image with attributes in the data model, filling each area with a color or with a saturation of a color related to a value or to another measure. Each of the defined bin locations in the Warehouse is linked to the respective areas in the custom image. The design uses Direct query method and every insert and update is shown live on the dashboard, providing upto-date inventory information to the warehouse users.
Project Title : PowerBI-Procurement Dashboard
Procurement Dashboard is developed to Optimize procurement performance management. The Dashboard includes reports for vendor, order details, procured item details to help the business make effective data driven decisions. Purchase Order cycle time, Supplier Quality rating, Supplier Availability, Compliance Rate, No. of Suppliers,Purchase price variance are the KPI’s captured in the procurement dashboard. Senior Officer – IT(PowerBI/MDM) – August 2012 to June 2017 Sandvik Asia Private Limited – Hyderabad, India
● Used ETL process to integrate data from multiple systems and PowerBI to create multiple dashboards based on business requirements.
● Used PowerBI for development of dashboards, ETL process to integrate data from Multiple sources.
● Function independently for delivering Reports/Analytics by working with the business stakeholders to gather requirements, solution design, develop, test, document, and support
● Build strong relationships with the Business to drive value through data and analytics
● Create, maintain, and deprecate item, customer, vendor, grower, ranch, facility, pricing, Bill of Material data in ERP Systems to facilitate smooth and accurate transaction flow through the ERP.
● Analyze and document process and data points as necessary to support seamless integration as business models change or exceptions arise
● Ensure data quality and MDM adherence through systems & processes to ensure data integrity.
● Research and document Master Data processes and governance best practices.
● Ensure policies, procedures, and SLAs relating to corporate master data are met across business units and global support functions
● Provide issue resolution or escalate as needed to appropriate level or parties Officer-Information Systems – July 2009 to August 2012 Sandvik Asia Private Limited – Hyderabad, India
● Daily MIS for End Users.
● Provide technical support across the company (remotely and in person).
● Provide exceptional and professional support and communication for all IT needs and issues.
● Maintain and monitor current ongoing projects & systems.
● Working with the business requirements for achieving smooth functioning of IT systems that support the business processes in the best possible way.
● Providing training and assistance for users of existing systems.
● Identifying and prioritizing systems development/maintenance.
● Managing and participating in implementation of new solutions.
● Productivity Improvement through System support – SOPIC, SPM, Oracle Database.
● Contributing to overall co-ordination of IT systems and processes.
● Infrastructure Upkeep and Maintenance.
Graduate Engineer Trainee – October 2005 to June 2009 Sandvik Asia Private Limited – Hyderabad, India
● Training on Oracle Forms and Reports 6i for Production Module, HR, and Finance Module
● Participated in team-building activities to enhance working relationships.
● Created spreadsheets using Microsoft Excel for daily, weekly, and monthly reporting.
Education
● Computer Science Engineering, April 2004
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University - Andhra Pradesh, India
● Human Resource - Post Graduate Diploma in BA, May 2017 Symbiosis Centre for Distance Learning - Pune
Contact this candidate