Vijay G
PowerBI Developer
651-***-****
advscx@r.postjobfree.com

HIGHLIGHTS:
12+ years of Information Technology experience, of which the last nearly 4 years have been focused on Power BI.
Extensive experience in implementing Microsoft BI/Azure BI solutions like Azure Data Factory, Azure Data Bricks, Azure Analysis Services and SQL Server integration services.
Advanced SQL / T-SQL and DAX coding skills.
Experienced creating Power BI apps for the purpose of distributing reports to users as well as creating multiple apps in Power BI Service.
Additional experience working on Power BI Desktop, Power BI Service and Power BI Mobile, as well as some limited hands-on experience using Power BI Report Server to build paginated reports.
Skilled in working with users to understand requirements and produce dashboards, reports, etc. to drive actional business insights.

SUMMARY

Experience in BI (Business Intelligence), Analytics, and Data warehouse solutions using Power BI, Sap Business Objects
Designed and developed Analytics solutions using Power BI and Business Objects
Additional experience working on Power BI Desktop, Power BI Service and Power BI Mobile, as well as some limited hands-on experience using Power BI Report Server to build paginated reports.
Strong knowledge in Power BI on how to import, shape, and transform data for business intelligence (BI), Visualize data, author reports, schedule automated refresh of reports and create and share dashboards based on reports in Power BI desktop
Experience in implementing Microsoft BI/Azure BI solutions like Azure Data Factory, Azure Data Bricks, Azure Analysis Services and SQL Server integration services.
Skilled in working with users to understand requirements and produce dashboards, reports, etc. to drive actional business insights.
Proficient in Data Warehouse concepts, OLTP, OLAP, Star Schema, Snowflake Schema, Fact and Dimension tables
Good Knowledge and experience on Power BI Gateways (Personal and Enterprise gateways).
Expertise in designing Visualization, dashboards/reports with complex, multiple data sources (SQL, Excel, Flat files), relational design and optimizing applications.
Expert in writing DAX queries for creating calculated columns and measures in Power BI Desktop.
Created different visualization (Stacked bar Chart, Clustered bar Chart, Scatter Chart, Pie Chart, Donut Chart, Line & Clustered Column Chart, Map, Slicer, Time Brush etc.) in Power BI according to the requirements.
Experience in creating Customized and ADHOC reports using Business Objects Rich Client and Web Intelligence (WEBI).
Expertise in Business Objects Enterprise Products (Universe Designer, Desktop Intelligence, Web Intelligence, Info View, CMS, CMC, CCM, Qawas & Live Office) and its deployment
Worked in all phases of BI full life cycles including analysis, design, development, testing, deployment, post-production support/maintenance, documentation and end-user training
Expertise in building BI components like info objects, data sources, Transformation
Strong understanding of project life cycle and Agile methodology
Ability to work independently and as a part of team and possesses excellent communication, interpersonal and client facing skills

CORE COMPETENCIES

Database Design
Interpersonal Communications
Best Practices/Standard Procedures
Team Leadership
Technical Documentation
Organizational Skills
Project Management

Problem Solving
Strategic Analysis
Data Warehousing
Agile/Scrum, JIRA

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Sonoco Products (South Carolina, USA) Mar’ 2019 to Till Date
Power BI Developer– Contractor
Key Achievements:
Gathering the requirements analysis with business users to identify and finalize requirements for Power BI solution
Supported business users in realizing their needs for in-depth data analysis.
Working Collaboratively within and across development and project teams in a fast-paced work environment, utilizing agile BI Design.
Participating in the development lifecycle activities, including estimations, coding, unit testing, deployment, and maintenance.
Designed and developed Power BI Reports and Dashboards
Expertise in writing Complex DAX Functions in Power BI
Installed and configured enterprise gateway and personal gateway in power BI Service
Experience in implementing Microsoft BI/Azure BI solutions like Azure Data Factory
Experience in implementing Azure Data Bricks, Azure Analysis Services and SQL Server integration services
Interacting with users and deliver the results up to their requirements
Extensively involved in resolving the issues in the production environment
Migrated the code from Dev to test and to prod after testing. Tested for the Data counts, Data Quality,
Testing and dashboards performance testing

Environment: MS SQL Server,PL/SQL, Windows server, SAP BW, Oracle, SAP HANA, SSRS, Power BI

Wolters Kluwer (Philadelphia, USA) Mar’ 2017 to Feb’2019
Role: BI & Analytics Developer
Key Achievements:
Gathering the requirements analysis with business users to identify and finalize requirements for Power BI solution
Involved in BI tool evaluation for the project portfolio data management project prototyping/modeling and dashboards in Power BI
Developed ad hoc reports in Power BI
Supported business users in realizing their needs for in-depth data analysis
Created design documents which Outlines the approach of the Power BI Implementation
Demonstrated translate a question into a visualization which provides insight and answers the question
Created dashboard designing with effective data visualization of large data volumes from various data sources (SQL server, Oracle, Spreadsheets etc.).
Experience in implementing Microsoft BI/Azure Data Bricks, Azure Analysis Services and SQL Server integration services.
Prepared Dashboards using calculations, parameters, created calculated fields, groups, sets and hierarchies in Power BI
Used SAP HANA, Hadoop Hive, Oracle, SQL Server as data sources for designing Reports and Dashboards
Set up Collaboration Platforms
Applied best practices in dashboard design development
Migrated the code from Dev to test and to prod after testing. Tested for the Data counts, Data Quality
Testing and dashboards performance testing

Environment: MS SQL Server, Windows server, SAP BW, Oracle, SAP HANA, SSRS, Power BI

USAA(San Antonio, Texas) Aug’ 2015 to Feb’2017
Role: Sr. BI Consultant
Key Achievements:
Monitoring the report scheduling and creating new schedules
Finding the Root causes of the bugs raised by the user for reports and universes. Fixed them to work as per the business needs
Involved in preparing the Business Requirement Document, functional design documents and Release supported documents
Reporting the consolidated daily/weekly status to the PM
Involved in Peer review activities for Code & Testing
Generated the Reports Weekly and Monthly wise as per the Client
Interacted with Business Users, Business owners to know their issues to fix the incidents and to know the Business requirements for CR in developing and modifying Universes and Reports accordingly
Involved in Business Objects Universes and Reports
Created configuration blocks in Spotfire and set up guided analysis to carry the filter selections from one analysis to other
Migrated the code from Dev to test and to prod after testing. Tested for the Data counts, DataQuality Interface
Worked on LCM to promote the code from one environment to other environment and used the version control to maintain the version of code for each release

Environment: BO XIR4.1, BEX, SAP HANA, Service Now

Wolters Kluwer(Hyderabad, INDIA) Jan’ 2013 to July’ 2015
Role: BI Consultant
Key Achievements:
Worked on day to day production support issues and resolved within the SLA time line.
Handling monthly production release activities and performing UAT and Production support
Creating Analysis for office reports and analysis workspace reports.
Worked on the Change Requests based on the user requirements
Finding the Root causes of the bugs raised by the user for reports and universes. Fixed them to work as per the business needs
Involved in preparing the Business Requirement Document, functional design documents and Release supported documents
Reporting the consolidated daily/weekly status to the PM
Involved in Peer review activities for Code & Testing
Generated the Reports Weekly and Monthly wise as per the Client
Interacted with Business Users, Business owners to know their issues to fix the incidents and to know the Business requirements for CR in developing and modifying Universes and Reports accordingly
Involved in Business Objects Universes design and Reports development.
Developed Web I Reports using Web I Rich Client and Info view
Worked on promotion management to promote the code from one environment to other environment and used the version control to maintain the version of code for each release

Environment: BO XIR3.1, Informatica 9.X, Oracle 11g, Service NOW, Win NT

Intel Sap BO(Hyderabad, INDIA) Jan’ 2011 to Dec’ 2012
Role: Sr. Business Objects Developer
Key Achievements:
Requirements gathering and analysis.
Propose Technical design approach for Information Design Tool universe and reports development.
Develop Web Intelligence reports.
Perform Unit testing and provide support for UAT and Production.
Code development and conducted validation and Unit Testing (UT).
Provide assistance to the team for the Production setup.
Assigning Role based restriction to the users.
Xcelsius Dash boarding
oAnalyze and gather requirements to create dashboard for Perfect Order group.
oCreate and Configure Development environment.
oCreate Dashboard off perfect order Data mart using Xcelsius
oProvide Technical approach and design documents.
Test and deploy Xcelsius dashboard (.SWF) in UAT and Production

Environment: Business Objects XI 4,Xcelsius Dashboard, Teradata
Contact this candidate