Abebe Yitbarek
advv05@r.postjobfree.com 323-***-****)

Summary:
• Over 6+ years of IT experience with knowledge in the Analysis, Design, Data Modeling, Data Warehouse, ETL, T-SQL development, MS Business Intelligence Tools like (SSIS, SSAS and SSRS) in SQL Server 2012/2014, Development, Administering, Implementing and Testing Client/server application using Microsoft SQL Server and BI suite (Development, UAT and Production Environment.
Well versed in creating OLTP relational data models and OLAP dimensional models using ER-Win.
Strong knowledge of Data Warehouse methodologies, including Dimensional Data Modeling, Star Schema, Snowflake Schema, Fact and Dimension Tables, worked with high volume databases with partitioned data.
Proficient in writing T-SQL queries for creating Tables, Stored Procedures, Views, Indexes, Cursors, Triggers, User Profiles, User Defined Functions, Relational Database Models and Data Integrity in observing Business Rules.
Knowledge on working with database maintenance including using Database Management Views, Dynamic Management Functions and DBCC commands to improve table fragmentation and index performance.
Proficient in Database performance optimization, debugging and tuning using the Query Analyzer, SQL Profiler and SQL Server Debugger.
Detailed knowledge on mapping documents creation as well as development for Data migration, data import, Initial and Incremental load.
Strong knowledge and experience in error handling of SSIS packages using transactions, check points (package restart ability features), break points and error logging procedures
Proficient in using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) to build Data Integration and Workflow Solutions, Extract, Transform and Load (ETL) solutions for Data warehousing applications.
Expertise with data cleansing operations using SSIS transformations and T-SQL scripts to normalize the data and remove and identify potential problem points when moving information into a data warehouse.
Adapt in SSIS direct and indirect configuration (XML, SQL Server) set up, SSIS audit and logging, error handling, and performance tuning of SSIS Packages.
Expert knowledge and experience authoring, managing and deploying reporting solutions using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).
Enough Expertise on designing complex reports like Drill-Down reports, Drill-Through Reports, Parameterized Reports, Sub Reports, Ad-hoc reports and dashboard Reports using SSRS based on client requirement.
Used expressions to calculate, group, filter, parameterize and format the contents of a report.
A goal-oriented, highly-motivated, well-organized, and effective team member with excellent analytical, troubleshooting, and problem solving skills

Work Experience: Banks Networking: SQL Database Developer /SSIS Developer

Jan 2017 – Present
Roles and Responsibilities:
Extensively worked on Relational and Dimensional Data modeling (Star / Snowflake models), FACT & Dimensions tables, Physical & logical data modeling, slowly changing Dimensions, Data cleansing and Data Staging of operational sources using ETL processes for data warehouses.
Used Merge replication between multiple plants and resolved conflicts between locations, Used Multi-Valued and Inline User Defined Functions
Heavily Used CTEs to process data for ETL sources and stored procedures
Backup and restored Data ware house and set up high-Availability.
Created Package Configurations for easy Deployment procedures.
Worked on troubleshooting and problem solving of MSSQL development, package failures and errors.
Created T-SQL scripts to generate all the tables and relationships based on the finalized ER-Diagram.
Created triggers and audit tables in order to capture the incremental data from OLTP and created complex stored procedures to perform data profiling in the pre-staging database.
Worked on parent-child architecture on database object including SPs, UDFs and tables with development.
Utilized the Dynamic SQL for user customizable queries to be answered by the SQL Server.
Involved in the creation of scheduled jobs for Extracting, transforming and loading operations and database maintenance tasks like de-fragmentation, re-indexing, and recompiling.
Wrote custom T-SQL stored procedures and triggers to improve performance, preserve referential integrity, and provide additional application functionality.
Optimized the existing queries to improve performance with the use of Profiler and Execution Plans.
Used SSIS Packages to extract transform and load data from multiple input sources like Excel files, Production SQL Servers (2005/2000)
Incorporated Error Redirection during ETL Load in SSIS Packages. Involved in Unit testing and System Testing of ETL Process.
Involved in Query Optimization and Performance Tuning using tools SQL Profiler, Index Tuning Wizard and Database Engine Tuning Advisor.
Created views as required by front end developer for easier implementation on web pages, and wrote instead of triggers on those views to provide efficient data manipulation.

Tools Used: SQL Server 2012/2014 SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, and Windows Server
Cross Country Mortgage Company Anaheim, California Jul 2015 – Jan 2017
SSIS Developer /Reports Developer

Roles and Responsibilities:
Developed database tables, stored procedures, user-defined functions, and SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) reports, Along with Appropriate documentation.
Responded to project tickets (work orders) to alter or create reports, procedures, and functions, in support of
Client Services and Business Analysts' requests for improvements and enhancements to client-facing web pages and embedded reports and/or native-mode SSRS reports.
Worked with Business Analysts and end users in gathering detailed requirements and specifications.
Involved in designing the physical database models on SQL Server 20012/2014 RDBMS.
Created the T-SQL script to generate all the tables and relationships based on the finalized ER-Diagram.
Implemented error handling techniques like try catch blocks, error functions in T-SQL scripts and stored procedures to support the applications.
Developed complex Stored Procedures, triggers and User Defined Functions for implementing business logic and process in backend, for data extraction, reports and other client interfaces.
Involved in Full and daily Incremental loads into Staging and ODS areas, troubleshooting process issues and errors using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) 20012.
Created event handlers on every executable in an SSIS package.
Optimized ETL packages by optimizing queries and using proper transformations.
Implemented package configurations on the development and test environments.
Created several ad hoc reports, drill down, drill through, sub, linked, cached and snapshot reports using reporting services.
Interactive SSRS reports by creating parameters within reports, multi-value parameters as well as embedding functions with expressions.
Deployed Parameter-driven reports using parameters tab in the SSRS GUI procedures by Setting up the report-level parameters, along with Building parameter-driven queries and stored and placing them, in the data field.
Actively involved in securing the reports created depending upon the level of sensitivity of information that the report contained.

Tools Used: SQL Server 20012/20014, SSIS, SSRS, Erwin, Windows Server, Power Pivot, MS Visual Studio 2008.

US Bank, Santa Ana, CA Jan 2013 – Jul 2015
SQL Server Database Developer /BI Developer

Roles and Responsibilities:
Created ER diagrams and performed normalization on them to ensure faster querying.
Ensured data consistency by creating primary key, foreign keys and appropriate constraints.
Optimized SQL queries using SQL profiler, indexed views and indexes.
Wrote complex queries, stored procedures, UDFs in support of the ETL processes, front end applications and reports.
Created DDL and DML triggers to maintain database integrity
Bulk insert for transferring data between SQL server and flat files.
Created ETL process using SSIS for populating data store in SQL Server 2012.
Successfully transferred old data from various sources like flat files, MS Access, and Excel into MS SQL Server 2012.
Performed various transformations like conditional split, sorting and included data about the environment using the audit transformation.
Developed data access queries/programs using SQL Query to run in production on a regular basis and assists end users with development of complex Ad Hoc queries.
Facilitated data retrieval and manipulation through implementation of Views, Procedures, Triggers and Cursors.
Successfully implemented indexes on tables and views for optimum performance tuning.
Supported some business specific relationships, and advance constraints by embedding triggers on tables.
Set up scheduled Jobs and alerts for updates and backups.
Involved in designing of shift based reports, chart reports (line and column), parameterized reports for performance analysis.
Set up report delivery schedules and report back up schedules by configuring subscriptions and snap shot respectively.
Designed strategies for securing the reports created depending upon the level of sensitivity of information that the report contained.
Experience optimizing SSAS using the flight recorder to log queries submitted to the Analysis Services Engine and perform usage based optimization to improve the pre-calculated aggregates for reports.

Tools Used: SQL Server 20012, T-SQL, SSIS, SSRS, Flat Files, Excel

Technical Proficiencies:
Operating Systems : Windows XP, Vista,10, Windows Server 2012/2016
Database Packages : SQL Server 2012/20014/2016, MS Access
BI Tools : SSIS/SSAS/SSRS, Power Pivot, Power View
Data Modeling : Erwin

Education:
Institution/University
Degree
Arbaminch University
Economics
Ethiopia
Contact this candidate