Sneha latha Mail id: advyd6@r.postjobfree.com SQL/MSBI/Power BI/Azure Mobile: 470-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
Having 5+ years of experience in IT with profound working expertise in analysis, design, development, and maintenance of Business Intelligence applications in various industries as database developer/BI developer with SQL Server, SSIS (ETL), SSRS, SSAS and Power BI.
Extensive experience in Data Modelling, Design, Development, Implementation & Administration of Database systems using MSSQL 2008/2012/2014/2016/2019 for both OLTP (Batch Processing, Online Processing) and OLAP Data warehousing Systems (SSRS, SSIS, SSAS).
Experience in Agile Methodologies to manage the full life-cycle development of the project and involved in the Business requirement phase which involved direct interaction with the client.
Expertise with SQL Server and T-SQL in constructing tables, triggers, user-defined functions, views, indexes, stored procedures, user profiles, relational database models, and data integrity.
Experience with SSIS tool suite, Experience in extracting and transforming data using Bulk Insert, DTS Import/Export, and MS SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) Packages.
Strong knowledge and experience in database design with RDBMS including E/R Diagrams, normalization, constraints, querying, joins, keys, indexes, optimization, and data Import/Export.
Good understanding of Relational Database Systems (RDBMS), Normalization, Multi-Dimensional (Star) and Snowflake logical and physical data modelling using ERWIN and MSVISIO.
Experience in query optimization and performance tuning - Used Performance tools like SQL Profiler, Index Tuning Wizard, and Database Engine Tuning Advisor.
Experience in configuration of report server and report manager scheduling, give permissions to different level of users in SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).
Experience in generating ADHOC/On-demand and scheduled reports for business analysis or management decision using SQL Server Reporting Services.
Expertise in creating crosstab, drill-down, drill-through, grouping, matrix, cascading, sorting, KPI’s and sub reports using SSRS.
Experience in data warehouse architectural approaches, multi-dimensional data modelling, tabular model, Star & Snowflake schema creation, ETL design and Business Intelligence/ OLAP applications.
Experience in developing OLAP cubes using SSAS along with writing MDX and DAX.
Experience in Power BI and Tableau in building secured Power BI reports, dashboard, Paginated reports and published reports to Azure based Power BI services.
Experience in data visualizations of different kinds and applying filters at report page, and visual levels as per the requirements using Power BI Desktop.
Experience in building Office 365 solutions including Power Automate (Flow), Power Apps, CDS, Dynamics 365, SharePoint Online.
Expertise in Client-Server application development using Oracle, PL/SQL, SQL PLUS, and TOAD.
Good team player and can work independently in a time sensitive environment.
Good organizational and communication skills, with the ability to express technical concepts verbally and in written.
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
SQL/Developer Tools
SQL Server 2012/2014/2016/2017/2018/2019
Languages
C#, Java, HTML, SQL, PL/SQL, T-SQL
Tools
SQL Loader, TOAD, SQL Plus, SSIS, SSAS, Informatica, ADF, Talend ETL
Reporting Tools
SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Excel, Power BI, Tableau, Share point
Other software/Tools
Visual Studio, Azure
Databases
Oracle, DB2, SQL Server, Teradata, Azure SQL DB
Operating system
Windows, UNIX

PROFESSIONAL EXPERINENCE:

Client: American Modern Insurance Group Inc, Amelia, OH Oct 2021 – PRESENT
Role: SQL MSBI/Power BI Developer
Responsibilities:
Developed end-to-end ETL process from various source system to Staging area, from Staging to Data Marts.
Involved in Source Data Analysis, Design, and creation of Data Mappings for Extraction of bulk data from heterogeneous sources like Flat Files, Excel, and other ODBC data sources.
Designed and Developed SSIS Packages using various Control Flow and Data Flow items to Transform and Load the Data using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS).
Experience in using data mining tools to validate the reporting solutions for accuracy and completeness.
Involved in all phases of software development life cycle: design, implementation, and testing.
Designed and developed matrix and tabular reports with drill down, drill through and drop-down menu option using SSRS.
Generated and consolidated monthly reports and budget analysis to drive forecast production plan with SQL report service SSRS.
Created Page Level Filters, Report level Filters, and Visual Level Filters in Power BI according to the requirements.
Designed DAX expressions to calculate, group, filter, parameterize, and format report contents.
Created different visualizations (Stacked bar Chart, Clustered bar Chart, Scatter Chart, Pie Chart, Donut Chart, Line & Clustered Column Chart, Map, Slicer, KPI’s, Time Brush etc.) in Power BI according to the business requirements.
Published Power BI Reports in the required originations and Made Power BI Dashboards available in Web clients and mobile apps.
Experience working on relational databases like Azure SQL as well as Azure Data Lake, with PowerApps
Experience in building Office 365 solutions including Power Automate (Flow), Power Apps, CDS, Dynamics 365, SharePoint Online.
Processed automation experience using MS Flow.
Performance tuning: Performed performance tuning for Database, Query using different tools like Profiler, Execution plans.
Programming/SQL Scripting: Wrote SQL/T-SQL scripts, Stored-Procedures, Functions Triggers.
Migrated On-Premises SQL Server databases to SQL Database and VM Environment in SQL Instance.
Assign permission to user(s), role(s), and object. Support column level permission. Administrate security for server’s logins (Windows and SQL Accounts).
Tools Used: Developed Reports using SSRS, Power BI, Paginated Report Builder and Data Tools.
Upgraded/Migrated/Server Decommissioning: Migrated, upgraded, and decommissions databases/servers from older versions to new versions like SQL Server.
Tested, Cleaned and Standardized Data meeting the business standards using Fuzzy /exact lookups using SSIS tasks.
Troubleshooting: Monitored Server Activity, Error Log, space usage, and solving problem as needed.
Experienced working in an Agile environment with SCRUM development framework. Complete understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) including requirement analysis, requirement gathering, design, development, implementation, testing, and deployment.

Environment: MSSQL Server, Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), SSAS, T-SQL, Power BI, Power Pivot, DAX, SaaS, Azure, Share Point Online, UNIX, Oracle, MS Office, Windows.

Client: Peoples Bank of East Tennessee, Madisonville, TN Jan 2020 – Sep 2021
Role: SQL MSBI Power BI Developer
Responsibilities:
Installed and Configured SQL Server Servers in Production UAT, DEV and DEV-INT Environments.
Designed and developed SSIS Packages migrating data from various sources such as MS Excel, Oracle, MS Access, OLE DB, and flat files to different destinations using SSIS for ETL Process to accomplish Data warehouse Development in Star and Snowflake Schema Design Method.
Designed, developed, and deployed custom reports to Report Manager in MS SQL Server environment using SSRS 2016.
Experience in creating Data Driven, Drill Through, Drill Down, Tabular, Matrix reports & created charts, graphs, KPI’s using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).
Created action filters, parameters, and calculated sets for preparing dashboards and worksheets in Tableau.
Used ETL to implement the slowly changing Dimensions (SCD) in data warehouse.
Expert knowledge in developing multidimensional databases (MDX, DAX) using SSAS.
Utilize existing enterprise BI tool set (e.g., SQL Server Reporting Services, SS Analysis Services, SharePoint, and Crystal reports and Power BI) and web services that provide standard analytic computations that can be leveraged in multiple BI solutions.
Generated reports of KPI scorecards & effective dashboards using DAX, M Query after gathering and translating end user requirements.
Delivered custom and scheduled reports using Crystal Reports, Built and performance tuned back-end T-SQL, PL/SQL code.
Created effective Dashboards in Power BI, and Service and made the reports user friendly and interactive.
Installed On premise data gateway and scheduled daily data refresh in Power BI.
Connecting to different data sources to blend and modelling of data within the Tableau server to create interactive dash boards for reporting and analysing of data.
Develop new VBA code (Excel) and modify/optimize any existing VBA code if necessary.
Used to work with Team foundation server TFS to open bugs, create tasks and user stories, initiate change requests.
ENVIRONMENT: SQL, T-SQL, PL/SQL, MS SQL Server 2016, SSIS, SSRS, SSMS, SQL Profiler, SSAS, MDX, DAX, Power BI, Power Query, Power Pivot, Tableau, Power BI Services, Share Point, UNIX, Excel, Oracle, Windows.

Client: Memorial Sloan Kettering, New York, NY Jan 2018 – Dec 2019
Role: SQL ETL MSBI Developer
Responsibilities:
Installation and configuration of SQL on windows and maintenance of Servers in Production and Development Environment.
Involved in building the ETL architecture and Source to Target mapping to load data into Data Warehouse.
Created Talend Jobs to copy the files from one server to another and utilized SSIS tasks.
Developed end-to-end ETL process from various source system to Staging area, from Staging to Data Marts.
Designed and developed matrix and tabular reports with drill down, drill through and drop-down menu option using SSRS.
Migration of SSRS legacy reports to SSRS server along with implementing SDLC and source control.
Implemented database mirroring.
Created alerts, notifications, and emails for system errors, insufficient resources, fatal database errors, hardware errors, and security breach.
As an SQL developer, I was involved in migrating the existing Oracle packages and Stored Procedures to the Amazon Redshift database.
Developed complex T-SQL code for the application conversions.
Developed and optimized database structures, stored procedures, Dynamic Management views, DDL triggers and user-defined functions
Up-gradation of SQL databases from SQL.
Handled complex SQL programming issues independently, performed independent database on different clinical trials and reviewed to ensure programming consistency.
Wrote T-SQL queries and T-SQL stored procedures in SQL.
Performed validation and quality control checks of SQL programs.
Created Jobs to Automate & Schedule database administrative tasks.
Worked with client representatives to define data output specifications in form of data transfer plan.
Configured complex SQL queries to meet customer requirements as needed.
Monitored and tuned databases to meet the performance and availability requirements of on-line systems and multiple applications.
Used SQL Profiler for troubleshooting, monitoring, optimization of SQL Server and non-production database code as well as T-SQL code from developers.
Worked on all phases of database management with application development team and other vendors to maintain maximum availability.

Environment: MSSQL Server, T-SQL, UNIX, Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SSAS, Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), SSMS, Talend Open Studio, Oracle, Windows, AWS Redshift.
Contact this candidate