SUMMARY
A highly motivated BI Developer with over 5 years of experience in analyzing, designing, and developing client/server, Business Intelligence database applications, data visualization, analytics, data integration and related database platforms in Leather industry and Non-Profit Organization with background in SQL Server, Power BI, Business Objects, and SSIS. Excellent understanding and working experience of data cleansing techniques, formulas, and charts.

Over 5 years of experience in successfully implementing Business Intelligence Solutions as a BI Developer in large and a startup environment. Well versed in Microsoft stack technologies, data warehouse tools, BI reporting and dash boarding tools and database programming languages in delivering excellent BI solutions.

HIGHLIGHTS
Over 5 years of strong experience in MS SQL Server, SSIS (SQL Server Integration Service and Power BI.
Excellent experience in SQL database design & development, data modeling (conceptual, logical and physical).
Designed and developed SQL Database objects such as Tables, stored procedures, Functions, Triggers, Views, index & roles.
Designed SQL SSIS Packages to extract data from various data sources using SSIS, building high performance data integration solutions, including extraction, transformation, and load (ETL) packages form data warehousing.
Automate ETL process using SQL Server Integration Services.
Experience in gathering, transforming, modeling, visualizing and publishing to end users using Power BI dashboard tools.
Strong analytical and interpersonal skills as well as work ethics. Also, effective at meeting project objectives & deadlines while working under pressure.
Authorized to work in USA for any employer.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

SQL Developer / Power Bi developer
Provail Nonprofit Organization November 2017- Present

Involved in gathering requirements and Installation and configuration of SQL Server.
Created SQL scripts and defined functions, check constraints, indexes, and views.
Created triggers to enforce data and referential integrity.
SSIS Import/Export system for performing ETL operations.
Performed data conversion from and to normalized database structure.
Developed complex reports using multiple data sources, user defined object synchronized queries.
Worked on different kinds of Transformations like Import Column, Export Column, Lookups, Derived Column, Merge Join, Union all, Script component in SSIS as per the client's Requirement.
Experience in creating SQL Logins, Roles and Authentication modes as a part of security policies for various categories of users in report manager and server.

SQL Developer
Awash Tannery Factory Addisababa Ethiopia September 2015 – April 2017

• Extensive experience in gathering, analysis and documentation of business requirements and system functional specifications.
• Designed, developed, modified, and enhanced the database structures and database objects.
• Developed logical and physical data models, designed data access strategies, and write SQL code to access and manipulate data stored in databases.
• Created, developed, and managed schema objects such as tables, views, indexes, stored procedures, and triggers & maintaining Referential Integrity.
• Created complex Stored Procedures, Triggers, Functions, Indexes, Tables, Views and other T-SQL code and SQL joins.
• Modified stored procedures, coding, and scripting to be utilized for reports within organization.
• Extensively used joins and sub queries to simplify complex queries involving multiple tables.
• Created ETL packages to validate, extract, transform and load data to data warehouse databases using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) to overcome transformation constraints.
• Extracted data from heterogeneous sources and transferred to OLAP using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS).
• Created SSIS Packages to export and import data from CSV files, Text files and Excel Spreadsheets.
• Scheduled reports for daily, weekly, monthly reports for executives, Business analyst and clients with Query Optimization to increase the performance of the Report.
• Developed and published power BI dashboards.
• Created Power Bi dashboards using different types of slicers and different visualizations like bar charts, line charts, graphs, and pie charts etc.

Technical Skills
Server language T-SQL
POWER BI
DAX
SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS)
Data Warehouse

Soft Skills
Strong Communication
Organized
Teamwork, Inter-personal & Collaboration

Education
Bachelor’s in Chemical engineering

Trainings/Certifications
Databases and SQL for Data Science
Data Analysis & Visualization with Power bi
Contact this candidate