Krupa
Power BI/SQL Server Developer
Email: adwdzg@r.postjobfree.com
Ph #: 484-***-****
Professional Summary
* ***** ** ********** ** Data Modeling, Database Design, Programming, Development, and Implementation of Client - Server Applications & Database systems using SQL Server 2008/2008R 2/ 2012/2014/2016 /2017/2019.
Extensive experience in using Microsoft BI studio products like SSIS,SSAS,SSRS for implementation of ETL methodology in data extraction, transformation and loading.
Experience designing, developing, and maintaining Power BI reports and dashboards that provide actionable insights to business users.
Experience on publishing Power BI reports of dashboards in Power BI server and Scheduling the dataset to refresh for upcoming data in power BI server.
Experience in communicating with stakeholders, Subject Matter Experts (SMEs), and end - users to better understand, analyze, communicate, and validate requirements.
Expert in calculating measures and dimension members using Multi - dimensional expression (MDX), mathematical formulas, and user-defined functions.
Proficient knowledge of Data Warehousing methodologies and concepts, including star schemas, snowflakes schemas, ETL processes, dimensional modeling and reporting tools.
Expertise in designing SSIS packages to import and transform data between databases and external data sources using various transformations.
Experience in developing custom reports, and different types of Tabular Reports, Matrix Reports, Ad-hoc Reports, Drilldown, Parameterized, Cascading, Conditional, Table, Matrix, Chart, and Sub Reports using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).
Proficient Experienced in dealing with RDBMS including E/R Diagrams, Normalization, Constraints, Joins, Keys and Data Import/Export.
Experienced to generate underlying data for the reports and to export cleaned data from an Excel Spreadsheet, Flat file, and CSV files to the data warehouse.
Experience in configuration and maintain Report Manager and Report Server for SSRS, Deployed and Scheduled the Reports in Report Manager
Effective team player and excellent communication skills with insight to determine priorities, schedule work and meet critical deadlines.

Technical Skills:
Power BI Tools
Power BI Desktop, Power BI Gateway, Power Query, DAX, Power BI App, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS
RDBMS
MS SQL Server 2008/2008R 2/ 2012/2014/2016 /2017/2019, Oracle, MS Access.
Languages
T SQL, DAX, M CODE, SQL*Plus, PL/SQL, XML
Software Packages
MS - Excel, PowerPoint, Word, TOAD
Application Administration
Oracle WebLogic Server
Methodologies
Agile, Waterfall, RAD
Operating System
Windows Linux.

Professional Experience:
Client: Park National Bank, Newark, OH Nov 2021 – Till Date
Role: Power BI Developer
Responsibilities:
Gathering and Analyzing requirements of clients, understand and convert them into database solutions with solid exposure to architecture, analysis, design, testing, development, deployment, documentation & implementation.
Integrated Power BI reports into other applications using embedded analytics like Power BI service (SaaS), or by API automation
Connect to various data sources, including SQL databases, Excel files, and web services, and integrate data into Power BI reports
Create visualizations and charts that effectively communicate complex data to business users
Troubleshoot and resolve any issues that arise with the Power BI reports and dashboards
Wrote calculated columns, Measures query’s in power bi desktop to show good data analysis techniques.
Writing complex DAX functions in Power BI and Power Pivot.
Optimize the performance of Power BI reports and dashboards and create best practices for data modeling and visualization
Created hierarchies in Power BI reports using visualizations like Bar chart, Line chart, etc.
Transformed complex business logic into Database design and maintaining it by using SQL objects like Stored Procedures, User Defined Functions, Views, T-SQL Scripting and Jobs.
Configure and maintain using Report Manager and Report Server for SSRS, Deployed and Scheduled the Reports in Report Manager
Interact with Office 365 Admin team to have Power BI app workspace groups created with legit members assigned.
Converted reports into interactive dashboards in Power BI that were presented to Business Users, Program Managers, and End Users.
Created reports using SSRS such as Drill Down Reports, Parameterized Reports, Linked Reports and Sub Reports apart from generating Ad-hoc Reports .
Involved in modeling activities which included building star schema as per the business requirements.
Identified Data quality issues using the latest data prep features, fuzzy matching capabilities and data profiling.
Environment: Power BI, Power BI Gateway, Power Query, MS SQL Server 2019, SSIS, SSRS, MS Excel, Windows, Team Foundation.

Client: QVC, West Chester, PA Jan 2020 – Oct 2021
Role: Power BI Developer
Responsibilities:
Gathered data from various external sources (Oracle) into a data warehousing system (Enterprise Cube) with the help of ETL process.
Generated MDX scripts for KPIs and calculated members based on business requirements in SSAS.
Implemented DAX (Data Analysis Expressions) functions for SSAS tabular models and Excel pivot tables.
Managed relationship between tables in Power BI using star schema.
Created data visualizations using various visual objects (Line chart, Bar chart, Tree map, Single card, KPI, Map, Pie chart, custom visuals).
Designed SSRS reports with sub reports, dynamic sorting, defining data source and subtotals for the report.
Wrote T-SQL (DDL and DML) queries, stored procedures and used them to build packages and handled slowly changing dimensions to maintain the history of the data.
Using a query editor in Power BI performed certain operations like fetching data from different file.
Created reports utilizing SSRS, Excel services, Power BI.
Utilized Power Query in Power BI to Pivot and Un-pivot the data model for data cleansing and data massaging
Developing reports and dashboards from multiple data sources such as on-premises and cloud using Power BI desktop.
Create reports and dashboards using Excel and other data visualization tools.
Analyze data from various sources, including SQL databases and Excel files, to identify trends and patterns.
Troubleshoot and support reports in Power BI workspaces whenever there are issues in production.
Collaborate with IT and other departments to ensure data accuracy and integrity.
Environment: Power BI, Power Bi Desktop, Power Query, Power BI Data Modeling, DAX, SSAS, SSRS, ETL, Microsoft SQL Server 2017, Share Point, MS Excel, MDX, Agile, Windows.

Client: ProSight Specialty Insurance, Morristown, NJ Jul 2018 – Dec 2019
Role: Power BI Developer
Responsibilities:
Created databases and schema objects including tables, indexes and applied constraints, connected various applications to the database and written functions, stored procedures, and triggers.
Built a Power BI dashboard for tracking sales data for an e-commerce company, which improved the company's ability to make data-driven decisions.
Created a Power BI dashboard for a retail store that helped management track inventory and sales data in real-time
Generated ad-hoc reports in Excel Power Pivot and shared them using Power BI to the decision makers for strategic planning.
Extensive use of DAX (Data Analysis Expressions) functions for the reports and for the tabular models.
Build a Power BI Dashboard for a B2B company that helped them to track the performance of their sales team and identify areas for improvement
Worked on Key performance Indicators (KPIs), design of star schema and snowflake schema in Analysis Services (SSAS).
Worked with most of the features available in Power BI Desktop in creating Reports and updated knowledge with all features
Data Flows have been created with self-service Data preparation to help other BI Reports as a single source and ready to use the dataset.
Data Folding and Query reduction techniques and Data Silos have been taken care while implementing Steps with transformations on power Query.
Generated Drill down, drill through, Matrix Reports, and Parameterized reports using expressions to calculate, group, filter, and parameterize report using SSRS.
Worked on transformations such as Checksum in SSIS where all of the rows in table need to compared for an update.
Wrote enterprise reports and stored procedures upon requests. Designed report models to meet business requirements and allowed users to perform fast queries.
Environment: Power BI Desktop, Power BI Service, DAX, SSAS, SSRS, Power Query, OLTP, ETL, Oracle, Windows.

Client: S&T Bank, Indiana, PA Mar 2017 – Jun 2018
Role: SQL Server BI Developer
Responsibilities:
Analyzing and understanding the existing reporting environment.
Worked closely with the Business analysts for requirements gathering, designing the database and creating workflow for report.
Created one central SSIS Master Package to execute multiple child packages with Control Flow and Data Flow. Utilized Parent Package and XML Configuration to dynamically pass variable values on runtime.
Participated in identifying data migration issues and resolved them.
Extensively used variables, break point, check point, logging, package configuration and event handler in SSIS packages to meet the business needs.
Involved in performance tuning to optimize queries and enhance the performance of databases, SQL queries, and stored procedures using SQL Profiler, Execution Plan and Index Tuning Wizard.
Created Complex SSAS Cubes with multiple fact measure groups, and multiple hierarchies based on the OLAP reporting needs.
Built MDX queries for Analysis Services & Reporting Services.
Designed, developed, created and tested PivotTable/PivotChart reports based on OLAP cubes and offline cubes.
Created multiple partitions and aggregations for the different measure groups for improving performance of the cubes.
Resolving the SSAS cube connectivity and data issues as and when needed.
Interacted with Business Users to help them understand to generate reports/look at the business data with various drill down options with Excel via connecting to SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS).
Environment: SQL Server 2012, SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), Reporting Services (SSRS), TFS, Pivot Tables, MS Visual Studio.Net, C#, SQL Profiler, Windows 2003/2007 Server OS.
Contact this candidate