KASHYAP PATEL
adwe11@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY
Over 10 years of experience in Business Intelligence Applications Design, Development and Maintenance of Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), SQL Server Analytical Services (SSAS) and Data Transformation Services (DTS).
More than 7 years of experience working on Clinical Information Systems.
More than 4 years of extensive experience working as Tableau Developer.
Strong Tableau development skills, with experience in creating dashboards.
Expertise in designing and developing dashboards using Tableau Desktop, Tableau Server and Business Objects.
Expert in creating data visualization using Bars, Lines and Pies, Scatter Plots, Histograms, Heat Maps, Geographic Maps.
Expert in writing SQL queries and complex joins for generation Store Procedures, Views and Functions.
Experience in creating Linked Reports, Sub Reports and Filters in reports.
Experience in creating ad-hoc reports by using Report Builder in SSRS.
Excellent report creation skills using Microsoft Reporting Services (SSRS) and Crystal Reports.
Ability to design and develop reporting services reports Knowledge of RDBMS concepts.
Knowledge and experiences in designing, developing and deploying Reports and Dashboard.
Generated reports in various formats like Table format and Matrix format using Reporting services (SSRS)
Experience in Dimensional Data Modelling and Cube development in SQL Server 2005 Analysis Services (SSAS).
Good understanding and designing of Star and Snow Flake Data Models Schema used in Relational, Dimensional and Multidimensional Data Modeling.
Worked extensively on Extraction, Transformation, Loading data from Oracle, DB2, AS400, Teradata, SQL Server, Access, Excel, Flat Files and XML using DTS and SSIS
Experience in Creating, Configuring, Deploying and Testing SSIS Packages.
Experience in configuring SSIS packages using package logging, Breakpoints, Checkpoints and Event handler to fix the errors.
Expert in monitoring SQL Server Performance, troubleshooting using SQL Profiler, Index Tuning Wizard (DTA), Windows Performance Monitor and Maintenance plan.
Experience in Debugging, Error logging, Error Handling and Production support for SSIS.
Strong quantitative, analytical, problem-solving and conceptual skills. Strong interpersonal, leadership and communication skills
Strong analytical skills, writing, and presentation skills
Excellent analytical and critical thinking skills using Tableau and SQL debugging skills
High attention to detail, strong organizational skills and exemplary analytical skills
Excellent communication skills and proven ability to work with business customers, and technical teams.
Strong analytical skills, particularly when it comes to interpreting customer business needs and translating them into efficient reporting outputs
Strong report design skills to support interactive reporting, incorporating data filtering, parameters, calculated formulas.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Tableau Desktop, Tableau Server, Tableau Reader, SAP BO Crystal Report, SAP BO Web Intelligence, MS SQL Server 20012/2008/2005, Oracle 10g, MS Access, SQL, Transact-SQL (T- SQL), PL/SQL, MS SQL Server Integration Service (SSIS), MS SQL Server Analysis Services
(SSAS), MS SQL Server Reporting Service (SSRS), SQL Profiler, Database Engine Tuning Advisor Visual Studio 2008/2005, Erwin.
EDUCATION
Master of Business Administration
Master of Science, Technology Management
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
University of Pennsylvania Health System, Philadelphia, PA July 2012 – PRESENT Senior Reporting Analyst
Environment: Tableau Desktop, Tableau Server, Tableau Reader, SAP BO Crystal Report, SAP BO Web Intelligence, Infomaker, Report Builder, SSRS, SQL Server 2008/2005, BIDS 2012/2008/2005, Oracle 9i/10g, Sybase, T-SQL, MS Access, Windows XP/2003 Server.
The University of Pennsylvania Health System (UPHS) is a major multi- hospital health system headquartered in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. UPHS and the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania together comprise Penn Medicine, a clinical and research entity of the University of Pennsylvania. UPHS hospitals include the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania, Penn Presbyterian Medical Center, Pennsylvania Hospital, Chester County Hospital, Lancaster General Hospital, and Princeton Medical Center. The UPHS is home to the first hospital in the United States, the Pennsylvania Hospital.
Worked with various business stack holders to gather requirements for dashboards/reports creation.
Experienced in leading the requirements gathering sessions in clinical environments.
Assisted with creating data warehouse/data marts as tableau dashboard data source.
Built the knowledge base documentation system for development of supporting documentation for clinical EMR system.
Worked in clinical environment on daily basis with strong sense of importance of maintaining confidentiality of patients’ information as well as employee/employer information.
Responsible for creating reports, dashboards and overall creation of data visualizations.
Developed Tableau data visualization using Cross Maps, Scatter Plots, Geographic Map, Pie Charts and Bar Charts.
Wrote Custom SQL to create dashboards while meeting business requirements.
Published dashboard on Tableau Server and distributed tableau reports by using techniques such as package workbooks, pdf etc.
Scheduled data refresh on Tableau Server for daily, weekly and monthly data increments to ensure that the views and dashboards were displaying data accurately.
Created and published data sources on Tableau Server for Analytics Team.
Assisted with end user training program development and conducted independent training sessions for various business user groups.
Created report/tableau dashboard request intake process including request form, inventory management etc.
Validated data at row level to check the accuracy of the various data sources.
Hands on experience in using tableau calculations to support dashboard development.
Hands on experience in creating jobs, schedules and customize report views for the business users.
Involved in administrative activities, monitoring schedules and jobs.
Utilized advance features in Tableau such as bringing data from different data source connections together into one dashboard, filtering data on multiple views at once.
Created SAP BO Crystal reports and worked on end to end process of converting them into Tableau dashboards.
Initially created SAP Web Intelligence dashboards and converted them in tableau dashboards.
Migrated legacy excel reports into tableau dashboard.
Strong experience in creating on demand and scheduled reports using Report Builder and Infomaker.
Converted Infomakers reports to SSRS reports.
Converted Sybase database queries to MS SQL Server database queries.
Supported Research projects within the department including research proposal submission.
Worked with research coordinators and clinicians across the departments. Western Union, Montvale, NJ September 2011 – May 2012 SQL Server Developer
Environment: SQL Server 2008/2005, BIDS 2008/2005, Integration Services 2008/2005, Oracle 9i/10g, T-SQL, MS Access, Windows XP/2003 Server
The Western Union Company (NYSE: WU) is a leader in global payment services. It partners with the country’s largest billers to provide customized payment and presentment strategies that deliver real value by containing costs, driving customer satisfaction, and improving cash flow. It offers comprehensive electronic and walk-in payment solutions, innovative mobile tools, and proven digital communication programs, all of which are based on free consultation and analysis services that provide our clients with genuine insight. The purpose of the project was to design and implement new data mart for the payments service and to extract data from various operational systems to provide a single source of integrated and historical data for the purpose of end-user analysis, reporting and to improve client service.
Responsible for planning, defining and designing data base using Erwin7.3 on business requirement and provided documentation.
Designed SSIS Packages to extract data from various OLTP sources like Text Files, XML
(Extensible Markup Language) Files, Excel and MS Access 2007 to data warehouse system (SQL Server).
Wrote T-SQL Queries with the help of Stored Procedures, Functions, Triggers, Cursors, Views, and Indexes.
Applied various data transformations like merge, aggregate, sort, multicasting, conditional split, and SCD (Slowly Changing Dimension) and Derived column.
Wrote T-SQL queries, Store Procedures and used them to build packages and maintain the history of the data.
Developed reports in MS SQL Server environment using MS SSRS-2008 in Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS).
Generated sub-reports, drill down reports, drill through reports and parameterized reports using MS SSRS for the end user requirements.
Used SQL Profiler for monitoring and troubleshooting performance issues in T-SQL code and stored procedures.
Performed daily tasks including backup and restore by using MS SQL Server 2008 tools like MS SQL Server Management Studio, MS SQL Server Agent, and Database Engine Tuning Advisor.
Used MS SQL Server profiler for auditing and analyzing the events which occurred during a particular time horizon and stored in script.
New York City Department of Education, Brooklyn, NY October 2010 – August 2011 Reporting Developer with SSRS/SSIS
Environment: SQL Server 2005/2008 Enterprise Edition, SQL BI Suite (SSAS, SSIS, SSRS), Enterprise manager, XML, MS PowerPoint, MS Project, MS Access 2003 & Windows Server 2003
The New York City Department of Education (DOE) serves more than 1.1 million students and their families in over 1,700 schools. They are committed to providing useful information to parents and families and offering them multiple opportunities to participate in City's public school programs and initiatives. The goal of project was to create reports according to business requirement and populate data warehouse using SSIS. Also project was focused on maintaining and optimizing existing database and monitoring its performance and growth.
Designed and developed various complex reports such as drill down, drill through, cross tabbed using MS Reporting Services.
Responsible for stylish design layout like Pie charts, Graphs and Linked Reports.
Responsible for designing parameterized reports and also cascaded parameterized reports.
Responsible for design and deployment of Report Models for generating Ad-Hoc reports as per the client requirements.
Created Report Subscription using SSRS 2005.
Played a role in production support of SSAS (cube refresh), SSIS jobs.
Experience in building reports on analysis services cubes.
Created reports using stored procedure.
Responsible for scheduling, creating snapshots and subscriptions for the reports (SSRS 2005/2008).
Responsible for creating report models and applying row level security filters for report model.
Designed and developed SSIS Packages to import and export data from MS Excel, SQL Server 2005 and Flat files.
Worked on different kinds of transformations in SSIS as per the client’s Requirement.
Used proClarity server to create interactive reports with an ability to drill down into details.
Experience in ProClarity's powerful visualization tools, including the Decomposition Tree, Perspective View and Performance Map, to drill down, cross drill, pivot, chart, and investigate data.
Experience in creating views, books and libraries in proClarity web professional.
Advanced extensible reporting skills using SQL Server 2005 Reporting Services (SSRS).
Writing complex SQL Queries, Stored Procedures, Triggers, Views, Cursors and User Defined Functions to implement the business logic.
Implemented constraints on tables for maintaining data integrity.
Optimized queries by looking at execution plan for better tuning of the database.
Created clustered and Non-Clustered Indexes for query optimization and also responsible for database tuning.
Responsible for Normalization and De-Normalization of existing tables for faster query retrieval.
Contact this candidate