Aynur Mahmudova
New York, NY*****
www.linkedin.com/in/aynur-mahmudova-3aa05223b/
adwf8b@r.postjobfree.com

202-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

Bilingual solution-oriented MS BI Developer and Data Engineer with over 7 years of experience in Database Design Development, ETL Implementation and support of OLAP/OLTP/Data warehouse systems, Reporting and Presentation using BI applications such as SSMS, SSAS, SSIS, SSRS, Power BI. Strong knowledge in various business domains like Financial, Insurance and Healthcare.

Experience in Database Design and Development of MS SQL 2012/2014/2016/2019 and BI solutions using Microsoft components in various business domains.
Excellent knowledge in creating Databases, Tables, Stored Procedures, Constraints (Primary key, Foreign Key, Unique, Default), DDL/DML Triggers, Joins, Views, User defined data types, functions, Common Table Expression (CTE), and Indexes using T-SQL.
Extensive experience in ETL (Extract, Transform and Load) activities using SSIS. Worked on all activities related to the development, implementation, administration, and support of ETL processes.
Expertise in SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) and SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) with good knowledge on SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS).
Experience in creating complex SSIS packages which contains several control flow tasks like Execute SQL Tasks, Script Tasks, Data Flow Tasks, For Each Loop, and so on.
Strong experience Creating SSIS (SQL Server Integration Service) packages to extract data from OLTP to OLAP systems (SQL Server) and scheduled Jobs to call the packages and Stored Procedures.
Experience in transforming data using Data Flow Tasks like Derived Column, Data Conversion, Row Count, Merge Join, Union All, etc.
Responsible for optimizing all indexes, SQL queries, stored procedures to improve the quality of software.
Expertise in generating reports using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Power BI, or other data visualization tools.
Designed SSIS packages to Extract, Transfer and Load (ETL) existing data into SQL Server from different environment.
Experience in Data Conversion and Data Migration using SSIS across different databases like Oracle, MS access and flat files.
Transformed data from one server to other servers using tools like Bulk Copy Program (BCP), Data Transformation Services (DTS) and SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS)
Developed Power BI Reports using Power BI Desktop such as Provider Score Card Summary, Cost comparison Reports, with complex DAX query measure/columns, drill down/drill through/hyperlink options, custom tooltips and KPIs and different visualizations charts/histograms/pie charts/matrices/doughnut charts/tabular.
Applied row level securities in all Power BI reports and assigned AD Groups, scheduled, and monitored data source to be refreshed accordingly.
Planning and implementation of data and storage management solutions in Azure (SQL Azure, Azure files, Queue storage, Blob storage)
Excellent analytical, communication and interpersonal skills. Proficient in technical writing and presentations and a good team player.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERINCE

COMPANY: AT&T
ROLE: Senior BI Developer
DURATION: March-2020 to Present

Responsibilities:
Participated in daily scrum meetings, discussed new requested features/user-stories/tasks with Business Analysts and updated the status of tasks assigned on Agile Platform.
As a key developer, delivered the best results to the developmental needs, accomplished successful outcomes by working with SQL, SSIS, Power BI, ADF2, SSAS, and other Azure tools.
Assisted and supported the Project Manager in leading multi-functional project teams in implementing data conversion strategies and communicating essential information to team members.
Implemented performance tuning on complex stored procedures, views, user defined functions and queries by creating proper indexes and optimizing the existing ones.
Strong experience with SQL Server and T-SQL in implementing, maintaining developing Stored Procedures, Triggers, Nested Queries, Joins, Views, User Defined Functions, Indexes, User Profiles, Relational Databases Models, creating and updating tables and checking the database consistency by executing DBCC commands.
Migrated on-premise SQL server schemas to the cloud on Azure SQL Server and maintained databases across both on-premise and cloud deployments.
Configured Azure platform for data pipelines, ADF, Azure Blob Storage and data lakes. Build workflows to automate data flow using ADF.
Developed efficient ETL packages, using both SSIS and ADF2 pipelines for processing Fact and Dimension tables with complex transforms and SCD type 1/ type 2. Build workflows to automate data flow using Python and ADF2.
Performed incremental data loading in order to synchronize data changes between OLTP and OLAP databases using SSIS packages, execute SQL task and merge.
Sent email notifications about ETL issues reports to development team by using Send Mail Task/Script Task/Execute SQL Task along with system stored procedure to send emails.
Designed and developed various SSIS packages. Involved in automating SSIS Packages using SQL Server Agent Job, Windows Scheduler and third-party tools. Worked on several transformations in Data Flow including Derived-Column, Script, Slowly Changing Dimension, Lookup, Data Conversion, Conditional-Split and etc.
Provided performance tuning within SSIS packages and SQL Stored Procs, Views, Inline and Dynamic Queries.
Involved in building Power BI and Tableau reports/dashboards for different domains such as Finance, Accounting, Management, and other client teams.
Experienced in Cloud implementation for BI platforms using Azure SQL PAAS/SAAS/IAAS, Azure Synapse and Azure Data factory.
Performed incremental data loading in order to synchronize data changes between OLTP and OLAP databases using SSIS packages, execute SQL task and merge.
Used Power Query to acquire data, developed calculated columns and measures using DAX in Power BI desktop for designing rich visuals using visualizations such as Bar chart, Clustered Column Chart, Waterfall Chart, Gauge, Pie Chart, Tree map.
Applied row level securities (RLS) in all Power BI reports by creating user roles and added users to AD Groups with the help of Office 365 and Azure Active Directory and assigned the certain groups to certain roles to provide limited access as per user organization level with the help of mapping tables.
Experienced in doing extracts from SAP source system using ABAP dataflow and loading into SQL EDW.
Excellent knowledge in analyzing Data warehouse by building cubes using SQL Server Analysis Services SSAS
Involved Analyzing designing, building testing of Olap cubes with SSAS 2005 and in adding calculation using MDX
Designed and Developed SFA based Applications on Froce.com Platform in Salesforce.com environment with Apex programming language at backend and Visual Force Pages as user interface.
Designed CRM technologies for marketing of organizations products allowing effective communications with costumers.
Identified deviations in CRM plans and corrected them accordingly
Converted existing BO reports to Tableau dashboards
Mastered the ability to design and deploy rich graphic visualities with Drill Down and Drop down many option and parameter using Tableau
Created data sharing between 2 snowflake accounts
Develop Stored Procedures / Views in Snowflake and Use in Talend for Loading Dimension and Facts.
Configured Spark streaming to get ongoing information from the Kafka and store the stream information HDFS
Used Spark and Spark SQL to read the parquet data and create the tables in hive using the Scala API
Migrations completed – Office 365 Cloud/MS LYNC
Documented and communicated Financial prediction with senior manager and director, assisted reporting team with presentations for company executives and legal filing
Worked .Net Security features such as Authentication Authorization, Form Based Authentication, Authorizing Users, Roles and User Account impersonation, tracing.
Created the .Net Builds and made sure the builds are migrated all the way up to the production Environment
Populated info Objects, ODS objects, and infocubes, with Master Data and transactional data from Sap R/3 cia Data Staging area PSA by creating info Packages.
Worked with Reporting Team to generate reports in Cognos using Report studio and Bex, Web query Development sand Crystal Reports from SAP BW as well As Sap b/3 for presentable dashboards, Balance score cards, etc:
Worked in Dimension Data Modeling concept like Star join Schema Modeling, Snowflake Modeling Fact and Dimensional Tables
Prepared data Extract from Legacy system on Sybase and DB2 and populating SAP target system on which data store for BO has been created
Provided support and guidance to other members of the BI team on separate projects.

COMPANY: Cerner Health, North Kansas, MO
ROLE: Business Intelligence Developer
DURATION: March-2018 to Feb-2020

Responsibilities:
Worked independently and as part of a team to accomplish critical business objectives and to make decisions under pressure.
Manage daily operations, including database backups and restores, maintenance jobs, and developers’ requests.
Gathered requirements to identify and create database objects such as tables, views, triggers, and indexes.
Created Stored Procedures for commonly used complex queries involving join and union of multiple tables.
Involved in the performance tuning and optimization of T-SQL queries.
Created and updated clustered and non-clustered indexes to keep up the SQL Server performance. Implemented Error handling through TRY-CATCH method and used CTEs.
Creating SSIS (SQL Server Integration Service) packages to extract data from OLTP to OLAP systems (SQL Server) and scheduled Jobs to call the packages and Stored Procedures.
Developed and deployed SSIS packages for ETL from OLTP and various sources to staging and staging to Data warehouse using For Each Loop Container, Execute Package task, Execute SQL Task, Sent Mail task, Lookup, Fuzzy Lookup, Derived Columns, Condition Split, Slowly Changing Dimension and more.
Repaired SSIS packages with checkpoints, breakpoints, and data viewers.
Created Dynamic SSIS packages using complex expressions, variables and control flow components such as for each Loop Container to loop over a Directory to load inbound files coming daily.
Performed cost benefit analysis of different ETL packages (SSIS) to determine the optimal Process.
Successfully extracted data from flat files/excel files, applied complex transformation and finally loading to SQL Server data warehouse on monthly basis.
Created packages using the various control flow tasks such as Data Flow Task, Execute SQL Task, Execute Package Task, and File System Task.
Assisted in implementing Azure Data Factory v2 for a major financial institution by ingesting their risks and control data into Azure data lake store. Handling Azure Storage like Blob Storage and File Storage
Experience on Migrating SQL database to Azure data Lake, Azure data lake Analytics, Azure SQL Database, and Azure SQL Data warehouse and controlling and granting database access using Azure Data factory.
Worked on Power BI in creating dashboards and reports and visualizing data in English and French.
Developed ETL programs using informatica to implement the business requirements Created shell scripts to fine tune the ETL flow of the Informatica workflows.
Used Informatica file watch events to pole the FTP sites for external mainframe files
Used Power Query to acquire data, developed calculated columns and measures using DAX in Power BI desktop for designing rich visuals using visualizations such as Bar chart, Clustered Column Chart, Waterfall Chart, Gauge, Pie Chart, Tree map.

COMPANY: U.S. BANK, Irvine, CA
ROLE: SQL/ETL Developer
DURATION: Jan-2016 to Feb-2018

Responsibilities:
As a key developer for the project, gathered and analyzed business requirements and translated business needs into long-term business intelligence solutions.
Participated in design discussions with Database architects and Application architects.
Created complex T-SQL Queries, Stored Procedures, Functions, Indexes, CTE's, Views, Joins and Triggers for better performance and flexibility.
Created Joins and sub-queries for complex queries involving multiple tables from different databases Daily support of system wide replication tasks including monitoring, alerting, and problem resolution.
Largely used T-SQL in supporting Finance Team and constructing Relational Database Models, Data Dictionaries, and Data Integrity.
Responsible for Developing, Monitoring and Deploying SSIS packages and extracting the data using SSIS from OLTP to OLAP.
Created SSIS packages with different data sources (SQL Server, Flat files, Excel files, CSV files) and loaded the data into target tables by performing different kinds of transformations using SSIS.
Majorly participated in data migration. Migrated data from existing system to a new system by creating SSIS packages.
Deployed SSIS packages into various Environments (Development, Test and PROD) using Deployment Utility.
Created SSIS packages utilizing different transformations in SSIS toolbox such as aggregate, Merge, and Merge join.
Designed and developed ETL Workflows and Datasets in Alteryx
Used Alteryx for Data Preparations and then Tableau for Visitations and Reporting,
Proceed data in Alteryx to create TDE for Tableau reporting
Created SSIS Packages using Fuzzy Lookup, Derived Columns, Condition Split, Execute SQL Task, Data Flow Task, and Execute Package Task.
Developed SSIS Packages and Stored Procedures to load/transform/cleanse data from SQL Server, Oracle and Excel Files to Facts and Dimension Tables in the Data Warehouse.
Created SSRS reports such as tabular, matrix, charts, dashboard, and sub-reports using SSRS. Created reports from OLAP, sub reports, bar charts and matrix.

EDUCATION

University of Marmara Istanbul
Bachelor of Computer and Control Teaching

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Operating Systems
Windows 10/8/7/XP, Windows server 2017/2016/2014/2012/2008
Databases
SQL Server 2019/2017/2014/2012, PL/SQL, Oracle 11g/8.0i
Languages
TSQL, C#, POWERSHELL, DAX
ETL
SQL server Management Studio (SSMS), SQL server integration services (SSIS),
zure Data Factory, Informatica PowerCenter 7.1.3/8.6.1, Informatica PowerExchange 8.6.1
loud technology:
Azure Data Lake, Azure Data Warehouse, Azure SQL Database, Azure Synapse
Analysis and reporting services
Microsoft Power BI, SSAS, SSRS, MS Excel

Sr BI Developer
Contact this candidate