Thomas D Smith
BI Developer Business Systems Analyst Data Architect Data Analyst

Business Intelligence Reporting ~ BI Developer ~ Data Analytics ~ Cybersecurity ~ Digital Transformation
Data and Network Systems ~ Risk Assessments ~ Cloud Environments

Innovation-driven with diverse experience in designing and automating data systems for Fortune 500 organizations. A skilled collaborator with success in translating business requirements and raw data into usable business intelligence. Accomplished at providing governance, source, and destination management, ETL transfer, and resolution/sterilization/quality assurance of data. Successful in designing presentations of highly complex information to provide in-depth analysis and understanding. Talented at taking business data and reporting requirements from concept to fruition using agile and waterfall methodologies.

Areas of Expertise
●Training & Development
●Business and Data Analytics
●Implementing New Technology
●Collaboration
●Data Governance
●Influencing Vision
●Business Transformation
●Documentation Creation
●Requirements Gathering
●Impact Assessment
●Business Intelligence
●BI Development

Key Accomplishments

●Data-driven reporting automation of mobility customer application utilization allowing for $620K in year-over-year savings.
●Saved $860K year over year by “method of procedure” improvement and automation using complex data analysis regarding extensive datasets and complex reporting requirements.
●Helped position AT&T to save $250M ($91M in contractual savings alone) by developing a mobile provisioning product's operations and customer care methodology for the Cingular-AT&T Wireless and other Telecom mergers.
●Provided engineering and planning management support resulting in over $15M of Cap/Ex savings and improved customer service.

Professional Experience

Concentrix/Catalyst, Menifee CA 3/2022 - 1/2023
Data Analyst and Lead BI Developer
Supported T-Mobile(Handset), Microsoft(Surface Product Line), and Vans(North Face) Operations by providing supply chain insight via complex reporting structures and data analysis.
●Developed improved existing designs and implemented several ETL, Reporting Entity, and Dataflow processes to obtain Business Intelligence from exceptionally large datasets.
●Built requirements for and produced Business Process Monitoring Reporting.
●Built large dataset reporting capabilities (including SOX) and Reporting Applications.
●Provided developer and user documentation for reporting applications.
●Collaborated with a team of four supporting numerous programs providing an amalgamation of multiple reporting implementations.
●Created, documented, and implemented data structures, semantic layer flows, and systems enabling near real-time supply chain reporting.
Source-to-target architecture and lifecycle management.
Databricks, Azure Synapse, Power BI, and a multitude of MSFT Power Platforms

TEKsystems, Ontario, CA 5/2021 - 12/2021
Lead BI Developer and Project-Data Analyst
Supporting T-Mobile TRI-LA 5G cell site rollout by providing data analytics and project management. Providing executives with insight into complex logistics, construction, and vendor management processes and issues for hundreds of thousands of cell site builds and modifications.
●Developed, implemented, and managed business and reporting requirements.
●Provided complex data analysis and reporting for tracking and vendor management of cell site construction projects leading to reduced cycle times.
●Complex SQL and ETL solutions allow for data collection and mining from AWS, Azure, Databricks, and MSSQL databases as well as external API connections and Sharepoint data points.
●Automated Data Connector/ Dataflow designs and creations in a Microsoft environment.
●Supported reporting solutions for database migrations.
●Analyzed and improved multiple business processes.
●Created comprehensive BI reporting solutions utilizing SQL, Power BI, Power Query, M-Query, Power Apps and Connectors, and DAX that made possible the elimination of antiquated reporting methodologies.

Morning Star AES, Oceanside, CA 3/2019 – 5/2021
Business Partner, Technical Consultant, and BI Developer
Creation, production, and marketing of cosmetics and OTC drugs.
●Product creation and development. Essential Oils, Hand Sanitizers,Martial Arts Lineaments
●Designed, Built, and managed FDA approved OTC drug manufacturing facility.
●Provided consulting services regarding FDA product approvals.
●Created marketing strategies.
Freelance technical consultant projects include:
●Wireless B2B Contract Lifecycle Management
●Neutral Host Wireless Offload of 5G over CBRS and WiFi
●Financial Reporting and Analysis for Marketing Clients
●5G/ 6G Future Wireless Technology Architecture and Optimization
●Data Governance in Healthcare Environments
●Healthcare Reporting for Small and Medium Providers

AT&T, San Diego, CA
Principal Engineer +, Team Leader, and Lead BI Developer 3/2010 – 3/2019
Collaborator in an agile team of nine data analysts, extensive SQL data set analytics, reporting capabilities, and SaaS activities. The scope required a detailed analysis of networks, competitor environments, and KPI data to develop engineering and executive reports.
●Provided automated data management and reporting solutions to allow for proper budgeting and performance monitoring via Power BI, Tableau, Alteryx, SSRS, SSIS, Excel, and Oracle products.
●Improved operations by developing data analytics and business intelligence, data governance, ETL processes, evaluating KCI/KPI data, outlining roadmaps for success in driving the vision, and strategic goals, and releasing action plans within resources and timelines.
●Strengthened technology strategies by gathering, defining, and documenting system architecture requirements. Collaborated closely with engineers and designers on requirements.
●Shifted the focus to continuous innovation by analyzing problems from multiple angles to create functional and security requirements, user stories, test cases, user guides, documentation, and training.
●Provided data architecture planning and modeling (including source-to-target) for numerous projects.

Education
Bachelor of Science, Business Information Systems, w/Honors, University of Phoenix
Credentials
●Cyber Security Operations Certificate, Champlain College
●ICND/ CCNA, Cisco/ Global Knowledge
●General Radiotelephone License, FCC
●Six Sigma Green Belt Certified, Lean Six Sigma
●Agile Series Certifications, AT&T Technology Operations
Contact this candidate