SNEHA REDDY
(POWER BI Developer, Azure SQL, Azure Synapse, MSBI (SSIS, SSRS))

Email: adwssa@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile: +1-210-***-****

Professional Summary:

Having 7 years of IT Professional experience in development of applications built on SQL Server and experience in working with projects driven on Azure Synapse and Microsoft Business Intelligence tools, SSIS, SSRS, & Power BI.
Knowledge in T-SQL (DDL, DML): functions, views, triggers, cursors, stored procedures on SQL Server.
Hands on experience in creating data models, developing Star and Snowflake Schemas for POWERBI reports building.
Design, Implemented and Developed reports for analytics solutions using POWER BI
Created different POWER BI Reports utilizing the desktop and online service and schedule refresh.
Assist end users with problems installing the POWEBI desktop, installing and configuring the personal and On-Premises gateways, connecting data sources adding the different users.
Created complexities Measures to calculate the Columns values on the fly using Measure.
Developed Complexities Data models (Star Schema) for preparing reports in POWER BI
Knowledge on SaaS in AZURE Cloud.
Developed various reports using SSRS Parameterized Reports, Cascading Reports, Ad Hoc Reports, Drilldown Reports, Drill through Reports, Cached Reports.
Created different pipelines using Azure Data Factory.
Experience with software development life cycle (SDLC), Agile, Scrum and Project Management Methodologies.
Extensive use of DAX (Data Analysis Expressions) functions for the reports and for the tabular models in POWER BI.
Superior involvement in developing reports and dashboards from multiple data sources such as on-premises and cloud using Power BI desktop.
Worked with table and matrix visuals, worked with different level of filters like report level, visual level filters, page level filters.
Flexible, enthusiastic, and project-oriented team player with solid communication and leadership skills to develop creative solution for challenging client needs.
Using POWER BI Desktop for developing dashboards, visual reports, and key performance indicators (KPI’s) Scorecards, developed custom dashboards using live connection in POWER BI.
Extracting data from various sources i.e., excel, sftp, salesforce CRM using SSIS.
Developing ETL packages using SSIS, i.e. daily, weekly, incremental packages using extensive transformation activities.

Technical Skills:
Azure Stack: Azure Data Factory, Azure SQL Database, Azure Synapse (Previously Azure SQL Data warehouse), Azure Data LakeGen2, Blob storage,Azure Logic Apps
RDBMS: MSSQL Server 2017,2016,2012
Database Utilities: Enterprise Manager, SQL Server Management Studio, BI Development,
Studio, Visual Studio, Configuration Manager, SQL Server Profiler SQL
Query Analyzer, SQL Server Agent.
BI Tools: MSBI Stack (SSIS, SSRS, SSAS) & PowerBI
Office Tools: MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS Outlook
Languages: C#, SQL, DAX, HTML, XML, Python.
Operating Systems: Windows.
Other tools Team Foundation Server.

Professional Experience:

Client: Abbvie, Vernon Hills, IL December 2021 - Till date
Role: POWER BI Developer
Responsibilities:
Ingesting data from Azure data lake Gen2 and creating ETL pipelines using Azure synapse via azure data factory and performing transformations loading data into data warehouse.
Perform ETL, ELT operations, and administration of data systems securely and in accordance with enterprise standards.
Strong expertise in data flow designs, data processing, data transformation and data pipeline development.
Work closely with business users to gather the requirements and translate business needs to technical specifications.
Involved enterprise data warehouse solutions to build data analytics using Azure data lake Gen2 as storage bucket.
Developing various kinds of reports using POWER BI desktop by creating views on dedicated SQL pools.
Developing POWER BI Reports by building tabular and multidimensional models on POWER BI.
Developed various kinds of dashboards including Pie Charts, Bar Charts, Line Charts and scatters plots in POWER BI.
Expertise in transforming data into customized visualized as business demands.
Extracting data from various sources into POWER BI using SQL server, dedicated SQL pool and azure SQL.
Utilized POWER query in POWER BI to Pivot and Unpivot into data model for data cleansing and optimization.
Working in an Agile Team and know how to define Epics, Stories, Tasks for implementation and identify Architectural Runway or Optimization improvements to reduce Technical Debt.
Building data models to get relevant insights from data, operational efficiency, and other essential performance metrics.
Expertise in writing stored procedure, T-SQL and Dynamic SQL on dedicated SQL POOL (formerly Azure SQL DW).
Configure, validate, and implement various azure tools such as Azure data factory, azure synapse, POWERBI Reporting tools.
Developing drill up & drill down and slices reports.
Having knowledge in Azure DevOps to automate the build, test, and deployment process of
Power BI solutions.
Created and configuration setup for Dev, QA and PROD environment, deploying reports into POWERBI online services and scheduling reports refreshments.
Sending email notifications to respective users as per business requirements.
Having an experience in building and developing Reports using POWER BI, various reports developed like table, drill up, drill down, matrix, row level security on top of data model both tabular and multidimensional, which is created from fetching data sets into POWER BI.
Developed POWER BI Reports using both tabular and multi-dimensional modeling. Hands on experience in writing DAX creating measures.
Environment: SQL Server 2016/2017, Azure synapse, Azure SQL database, AzureDataLakeGen2, Azure Blob storage, Azure DevOps, Visual Studio 2016/2017, SQL Server management Studio, POWER BI TSQL/TFS.

Client: Lending Tree, Charlotte, NC November 2020 to December 2021
Role: Power BI/Azure Developer
Responsibilities:
Created databases and schema objects including tables, indexes and applied constraints, connected various applications to the database and written functions, stored procedures, and triggers.
Generated periodic reports based on the statistical analysis of the data from various time frame and division using power pivot, power query, power view.
Designed and developed Power BI graphical and visualization solutions with business requirement documents and plans for creating interactive dashboards.
Created Power BI reports by using Joins in multiple tables from multiples database using complex SQL queries.
Designed a Power BI data model with multiple fact tables and dimensions depending on the business requirements.
Experience in scheduling refresh of Power BI reports, hourly and on-demand.
Apply the Business rules on the data coming from multiple operating companies. Maintain the business rules in a table for visibility to all required processes to develop Power BI reports & effective dashboards.
Load the processed data into final view point centralized DWH for further Power BI reporting.
Worked on Key performance Indicators (KPIs), design of star schema and snowflake schema in Analysis Services (SSAS).
Working experience with column store indexes, table partitioning in SQL SERVER 2012.
Working experience with in-memory concepts of OLTP databases in SQL SERVER 2014.
Hands on experience working with SSIS, for ETL process ensuring proper implementation of event handlers, loggings, checkpoints, transactions, and package configurations.
Designed high level ETL architecture for overall data transfer from the source server to the enterprise services warehouse.
Worked in creating complex stored procedures, SSIS packages, triggers, cursors, tables, and views and other SQL joins and statements for applications.
Generated reports using global variables, expressions, and functions.
Configured reporting services in SQL Server 2008.
Created different power pivot reports as per the client requirement.
Experience in creating multidimensional cubes using SSAS and designing DW schemas.
Involved in implementing Key Performance Indicator (KPI) Objects in SSAS 2008. Create Calculate member in MOLAP cube using MDX in SSAS 2008.
Implemented several DAX functions for various fact calculations for efficient data visualization in Power BI.
Experience in designing, building the dimensions, cubes with star schema using SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) for analyzing purpose.
Performance tuning of multiple databases by fixing indexes, table partitioning, usage of temp tables, cte’s, redesigning schemas and many more.
Also, went through query execution plans, SQL profilers and did query optimization.
Expertise in generating reports using SQL Server Reporting Services and MS Excel spreadsheets and Power Pivot.
Involved in performance tuning using indexing (Clustered Index, Non-Clustered Index) tables.
Created different Power Pivot reports as per the client requirement.
Converted the existing Azure Data Factory V1 to Azure Data Factory V2 and also implemented SSIS package in Azure environment using Integration Runtime (IR).
Done configure diagnostics, monitoring and analytics on Azure platform along with scale and resilience for Azure websites.
Created calculated measures and dimension members using multi-dimensional expression (MDX).
Worked closely with the team in meeting the deadlines pertaining to design and development deliverables.
Environment: MS SQL Server 2008R2, T-SQL, SQL Profiler, Visual Studio (2012), Power Bi Desktop, Team Foundation Server (2012), MS Analysis Services 2005, MS Reporting Services, MS Access, Import & Export Data, Oracle Warehouse Builder, Power Bi Desktop, Power Bi pro, Source Control Management System Windows XP, Index Tuning Wizard.

Client: Thomson Reuters, India Jan-2017 to Mar-2019
Role: Sr. SQL Server / BI Developer ( SSIS / SSRS / SSAS )
Responsibilities:
Interacting with users to gather Business requirements and Analyzing, Designing and Developing the Data feed and Reporting systems.
Developed complex programs in T - SQL, writing Stored Procedures, Triggers and Queries with best execution plan.
Extensively worked on Views, cursors, CTE's, schemas, permissions, and performance issues with client/server database design.
Involved in creating Databases, Tables, Views, Cluster/Non-Cluster Index, Unique/Check Constraints, Rules, and Defaults.
Defined Check constraints, Business Rules, Indexes, and Views.
Worked with Exception handling with error and with Try/catch.
Involved in Data Extraction, Transformation and Loading (ETL process) from Source to target systems.
Deployed SSIS packages and Scheduled Jobs.
Involved in Analyzing and integrating the data.
Created views to restrict access to data in a table for security. Expert in extracting data using SSIS from OLTP to OLAP. Performed Bulk data migration using DTS and SSIS from flat files.
Worked with integration services for transferring and reviewing data from heterogeneous sources like (Excel, CSV, Oracle, flat file, Text Format Data)
Developed Incremental Load using Lookup in SSDT visual studio.
Used SSIS to create ETL packages to validate, extract, transform and load data to data warehouse databases. Created SSIS packages to Export data from text file to SQL Server Database.
Worked on transformations such as Checksum in SSIS where all the rows in table need to compare for an update.
Designed and implemented complex SSIS package to migrate data from multiple data sources for data analyzing.
Scheduled Jobs for executing the stored SSIS packages which were developed to update the database on Daily basis.
Designed and deployed reports with Drill Down, Drill Through and drop-down menu option and parameterized and Linked reports.
Deploying and scheduling Reports using SSRS to generate all daily, weekly, monthly, and quarterly reports including current status.
Generated periodic reports based on the statistical analysis of the data from various time frame and division using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)
Developed various operational, drill-through and drill-down reports using SSRS.
Created Developer's Documentation and User's Manual.
Environment: Windows Server 2003, SQL Server 2008R2, 2014, SSIS, SSRS, ETL tool, T-SQL, Visual Studio 2005/2008, MS Office, SQL.

Client: Amway Corp, India Oct 2014 to Dec 2016
Role: Business Intelligence Developer/POWERBI Developer

Responsibilities:
Created Efficient Stored Procedures and Functions, Indexes, Tables, Views, and other T-SQL scripts.
Developed efficient SSIS packages for processing fact and dimension tables with transformations.
Extracted, Transformed and Loaded source data into respective target tables to build the required data marts.
Responsible for Deploying, Scheduling Jobs, Alerting and Maintaining SSIS packages.
Implementing and managing Event Handlers, Package Configurations, Logging, System and User-defined Variables, Check Points and Expressions for SSIS Packages.
Created and maintained Database Projects for efficient application development and deployment.
Created Measures, KPIs and defined Actions, Translations and Perspectives in Analysis Services.
Involved in writing MDX Queries for Analytical and Reporting purposes.
Used SSIS Variables for storing the values, which are used in various components of Data flow Task.
Modified existing SSIS packages to meet the changes specified by the users.
Designed and formatted SSRS Reports using Parameters and Expressions for the Reports
Involved in ETL architecture enhancements to increase the performance using query optimizer.
Created Tabular reports, Matrix reports, List reports, Parameterized reports, Sub reports, Ad hoc reports (SSRS).
Responsible for monitoring and tuning report performance.
Involved in designing Parameterized Reports and Matrix Reports for generating Ad-Hoc reports as per the client requirements.
Developed different kind of visualization reports on Power BI using source SQL Server
Created Calculated Column and Dax Queries to generate computed column in POWER BI
Used Power BI, Power Pivot to develop data analysis prototype, and used Power View and Power map to visualize the reports.
Used Power BI Gateways to keep the dashboard and reports up to the date.
Advised optimization of queries by looking at Execution Plan for better tuning of the database.

Environment: SQL Server 2012/2016, SSIS/SSRS/SSAS(SSDT), Visual Studio 2015/2016 SQL Server management Studio, POWER BI TSQL/TFS.

Education

Bachelor’s in computer science–JNTU INDIA. May 2015.
Contact this candidate