Uha Chowdary Phone: 659-***-****
BI Developer/Analyst Mail:adxi40@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/uhachowdary-chebrolu-6b2037124/

PROFILE SUMMARY

Around 6+ years of experience in Business Intelligence, Data Warehousing and Database Applications including Analysis, Design, Development, Testing and Support using OBIEE 11.1.1.7/12c,19c, Power BI and BI APPS, Qlik, Tableau.
Experience in developing ETL tools (Informatica power center, ODI).
Extensive Experience in design and development of three layers (Physical, Business model and Presentation) of an OBI Metadata Repository using Oracle BI Administration tool.
Expertise in creating and implementing functionalities like Dimensional Hierarchies, Measures, Aggregation rules, Level based measures, Rank functions, Time Series Objects.
Extensive experience in building Interactive Dashboards with drill-down & drill-across capabilities using global & local Filters, Contextual Navigation, Guided Analytics, Business Rules with User Identity & Roles, Profiles & Personalization
Strong Knowledge on Visualizing Data and Building Reports in OBIEE/OAS.
Experience in migrating dashboards from OBIEE to powerBI
Proficient in designing/building complex stunning reports/dashboards using Filters (Slicers), Drill-down Reports, Sub reports and AdHoc reports in Power BI Desktop.
Involved in creating different visualizations using Slicers, Lines, Pies, Histograms, Maps, Scatter, Bullets, Heat Maps, Tree maps, etc. using Power BI and Tableau.
Generated context filters and data source filters while handling large volume of data.
Involved in creating Filters, quick filters, table calculations, calculated measures and parameters in Power BI.
Have good experience in creating advanced chart types, visualizations and complex calculations to manipulate the data as per business need through Power BI.
Experience in utilizing DAX functions which includes Aggregation, Counting, and Logical, information, and Text and date functions.
Experienced in Supporting end-user reporting using Power BI.
Good in writing DAX queries/expressions in power bi desktop.
Experience in Tableau Desktop creating highly interactive Data Visualization Dashboards using feature such as Data Blending, Extracts, Calculations, Filters, Actions, Parameters, Context Filters, Sets, Groups, Aggregate measures etc.
Proficient in design and development of various dashboards, reports utilizing Tableau Visualizations like Pareto Charts, Funnel Charts, Bar Graphs, Scatter Plots, Pie-Charts, Donut Charts, Bubble Charts, Funnel Charts, Heap Maps, Tree Maps, Geographic Visualization and other making use of actions, other local and global filters per the end user requirement.
Expertise in designing and creating various analytical reports and Dashboards to help users to identify critical KPIs and facilitate strategic planning in the organization.
Worked on TABCMD & TABADMIN, Database maintenance and Troubleshooting.
Experience in TABCMD & TABADMIN, Email alerts, scheduling, data backup, SAML and drivers setup activities
Have been working with various data sources such as Oracle, SQL Server, Hadoop, ODBC and flat file sources.
ETL experience using Oracle Data Integrator (Source Analyzer, Data Warehousing Designer, Mapping Designer - data transformation and mapping issues, Reusable mappings, Transformations)
Profound knowledge on all ODI components - Topology, Security Manager, Designer and Operator.
Used ODI to develop complex interfaces (mappings) to load the data from the various sources into dimensions and facts.
Outstanding Data analysis skills including Data mapping from source to target database schemas, Data Cleansing and processing, writing data extract scripts/programming of data conversion and researching complex data problems.
Good working knowledge with oracle OWB and ODI Operator for debugging and viewing the execution details of interfaces and packages.
Expert in data warehousing techniques/concepts such as data cleansing, Surrogate key assignment, Slowly Changing Dimensions SCD TYPE 1, SCD TYPE 2, Change Data Capture (CDC).
Experience in Dimensional data modeling, Star schema modeling, Snow-Flake modeling, identification of fact and dimension tables, Normalization, Physical and Logical data modeling
Experienced in creating Tables, Stored Procedures, Views, Indexes, Cursors, Triggers, User Profiles, Relational Database Models and Data Integrity in observing Business Rules.
Experience in advanced PL/SQL concepts like Bulk collect, Multi Table insert, PL/SQL table, Cursors, Nested tables, Records, Types and Dynamic SQL for DML operations for better performance.
Experienced in Tuning Queries for better performance with large volume of data. Extensive experience in developing applications using Oracle Forms / Reports.
Well experienced on handling Status calls with business and technical teams and delivering Qualitative products with innovative solutions to business.
A Self-starter with a positive attitude, willingness to learn new concepts and to accept challenges, as well a very good team player.

TECHNICAL FORTE

●Databases: Oracle 19c/12c/11g, SQL Loader, Hadoop Impala
●SDLC: Agile, Scrum, Waterfall, and Spiral
●ETL Tools: ODI, OWB, Informatica, SSIS
●Database Programming: SQL,PL/SQL, MDX, DAX
●Development Tools: FAW, BI publisher, SSIS, SSAS (OLAP Cubes, Tabular Model)
●Reporting Tools: OBIEE 19c,12c,11g, OAS, BI Apps, Power BI, Tableau, Excel, SSRS
●Source Control & Collaboration Tool: Team Foundation Server (TFS), SharePoint
●Cloud: MS Azure
●Programming Languages: C, JAVA, PYTHON, Java Script, CSS

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Client: ANTHEM INC. January 2023 to May 2023
BI Developer

Tools & Environment: SQL Server, OBIEE, SSRS, SSAS, ETL-SSIS, SQL, SSMS, DAX, Power BI, Power BI Desktop, Power BI Gateways, MS Azure.

●Participated in daily stand-up meetings to update the project status with internal Dev team.
●Created and modified analysis services multi-dimensional cubes with dimensions, perspectives, hierarchies, measure groups and KPIs for analyzing business data.
●Utilized Power BI to design interactive data visualization using on-premises/Azure Data Sources.
●Consumed Data from Azure Analysis service and in premise tabular Model with live mode.
●Refreshed reports and dashboards on daily basis utilizing data gateways on Power BI services.
●Managed relationship, and created new measures utilizing DAX and quick measures for required calculation in Power BI reports, scripted new measures and calculated tables in Power BI Desktop utilizing DAX.
●Automated the data refresh of Power BI datasets using Power BI gateway by implementing DAX functions.
●Secured data stores with a schema as part of the Business Application Platform for Power Apps and Power BI.
●Created workflows using Power Automate and apps using Power Apps to automate migration announcements
●Designed interactive dashboards utilizing slicers, filters and various data visualizations in Power BI.
●Created report & page level filter in Power BI Desktop to visualize data according to requirement for analysis.
●Utilized recently introduced Power BI to create self-service BI capabilities and used tabular models.
●Implemented role-based security for reports with DAX expressions in Power BI.
●Worked on integrating data from Excel sheets, SQL server, SharePoint, and Office 365 for app building.
●Ability to build Power Apps using SharePoint as a data source and utilize SharePoint lists to access, share and collaborate around structured data.
●Performed evaluation of on-premises SQL database to Azure SQL.
●Setup the Automatic Tuning on production database to created index based on inheritance from Azure SQL.
●Configured the Azure SQL Server and created the databases.
●Successfully loaded data from Azure storage blob to Azure SQL.
●Created and customized various mobile layouts using Power Apps Studio.
●Designed and developed complex reports in Power BI using different visuals and used DAX functions and measures to implement transformations in Power Query.
●Wrote multiple DAX expressions to create calculated columns and measures in Power BI.
●Automated the data refresh of Power BI datasets using Power BI gateway by implementing DAX functions.
●Created DAX expressions and date-to-yearly columns, implemented partitions in tabular models for Power BI.
●Prepared a user manual explaining all features and functionalities of Power BI reports possible for the users.
●Built the pipelines to copy the data from source to destination in Azure Data Factory.
●Planed and developed roadmaps and deliverables to advance the migration of existing solutions on-premise systems/applications to Azure cloud.
●Provides advisory consulting services, training, and solution design and development with latest Microsoft Azure data and BI tools and services including Power BI, Azure SQL Database, and Azure Synapse Analytics (SQL Data Warehouse).
●Recreated existing application logic and functionality in the Azure Data Lake, Azure Data Factory, Azure SQL Database and Azure SQL Data Warehouse environment.
●Creating Stored Procedure and scheduled them in Azure Environment.

Client: TCS, Hyderabad, India Aug 2021 to April 2022
BI Developer

Tools & Environment: SQL Server, OBIEE 19c, 12c, FAW, OAS, BI publisher, ODI, SQL developer, Power BI, DAX

Interacted with Business Analyst, data Modelers in understanding the Analytics report requirements.
Worked extensively on Customizing Physical Data Layer, BMM layer and Presentation Layer in Admin Tool.
Configured the Intelligent Dashboards for different user groups to view data across regions with the facility of drill downs and Charts.
Conducted database administration tasks, including backup and recovery, user management, and performance tuning.
Involved in creating Star schema as per the business requirements to store the business attributes and measures and configured the Logical Layer, Logical tables, dimensions and columns and created the logical joins required to support drill-down aggregation.
Having very good understanding of the business requirements and transforming the requirements into subject areas.
Created Business Facts & Dimensions and defined Logical relation between them in BMM layer.
Created Dimensional Hierarchies for the Drill Down functionality and implemented Business Logics for Facts.
Created Reports using different Analytics Views (Pivot Table, Chart, and Table) like Drill Down, Pivot Reports using Column Filters and Prompts to filter the request in Answers.
Developed various custom reports/Ad-hoc Reports for querying and Filters and prompts.
Leveraged Oracle Analytics and FAW to deliver insightful dashboards and visualizations, providing actionable insights to drive decision-making.
Configured the Dashboard and Saved requests in Answers for drill down features.
Worked with the Security settings in Oracle Business Administration Tool to set up users, groups, access privileges.
Configured the scheduler which runs the IBots and delivers the content.
Created custom complex Mappings which use to bring the data from Oracle EBS Loans base tables to staging tables and then to Facts and Dimensions.
Developed filters, calculations, prompts, conditions, for various reports.
Extensively used Dashboard, Pages, Sections, Add Column, Dashboard Prompts including View Selector, Column Selector, Pivot Tables, Charts, Presentation Variables, Permissions on Shared Folders via Catalog Manager etc.,
Experienced in Integrating OBIEE with Impala database and in developing RPD and reports against multidimensional databases.
Experience in migrating dashboards from OBIEE to powerBI.

Client: ASML, TCS, Hyderabad, India May 2018 to Aug 2021
BI Developer

Tools & Environment: SQL Server, OBIEE 12c, ODI, OAS, Tableau, BI publisher, Oracle 11g, 12c, SQL, PL/SQL, Informatica
Partnered with the OBIEE team in gathering and analyzing business requirements from various sources, ensuring the business needs and delivery feasibility.
Built the Physical Layer /Business Model and Mapping Layer/ Presentation Layer of a Repository by using Star Schemas.
Involved in creating Dashboards for the reports also using Guided Navigation and Links.
Configured Web Catalog Objects (Dashboards, Pages, Folders and Reports) and implemented different views of report i.e. Pivot table, Titles, Graph, Filters etc.
Created Users, Groups and giving the permissions in Administration Tool and verified the permissions of the users in the OBI domain
Involved in Performance Tuning of reports by identifying the indexes required on the backend tables and also from the data available in the Cache.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to pull in data from multiple sources and managed data pipelines using ODI from FAW.
Designed Interactive Dashboards and created dashboard prompts with multiple selections.
Built and designed reports using BI Publisher, effectively presenting data-driven insights to stakeholders.
Integrated reports created in Oracle BI Publisher with Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition.
Configured LDAP security through RPD in Admin Tool.
Used Catalog Manager to migrate new Projects and enhancements from Development to Production environment.
Merged the multiple RPD and rolled to the production.
Involved in migrating the BI environment form OBIEE to Power BI.
Involved in creation of users, groups, projects, workbooks and the appropriate permission sets for Tableau server logins and security checks.
Created actions, parameters, Filter (Local, Global) and calculated sets for preparing dashboards and worksheets using Tableau
Conduct the Dashboard review sessions with the end-users before publishing the dashboard on to the tableau server.
Testing the dashboards to ensure data was matching as per the business requirements and if there were any changes in underlying data.
Provide training to the internal team and assist with expert knowledge on best practices for creating Tableau Reports.
Performed Parallel Testing or Production Testing, which ensures that the new system will perform correctly in a production environment and interface correctly with other production systems.
Published the developed dashboards into production and ensured the data was up to date by scheduling extract refreshes, performed performance tuning of the dashboard.
Monitor all KPI’s (Key Performance Indicators) for various dashboards, identify root cause for all technical issues, and recommend solutions.

Client: Damian Private Limited, Hyderabad, India January 2016 to May 2018
BI/ETL Developer/administrator

Tools & Environment: SQL Server, OBIEE 12c, ODI, OAS, SQL, PL/SQL, Informatica, Hadoop Impala.
Performed functional and technical specifications based on requirements provided by business.
Involved in using Informatica Power Center to generate master data and enable data extraction, migration, transformation, and ETL processes.
Taking part in the changing of the BI environment from http to https.
Served as a BI administrator to grant users access to the catalog and repository.
Migrated data from Oracle databases to Hadoop for big data.
An extensive amount of work was put into moving BI dashboards connected to Oracle databases to Hadoop Impala.
By overcoming the server and data difficulties, substantial help was provided to end users.
Migrated changes, implementations and Enhancements from the development environment to the production environment.
Developed PL/SQL triggers and master tables for automatic creation of primary keys.
Created PL/SQL stored procedures, functions and packages for moving the data from staging area to data mart.
Created PL/SQL scripts to extract the data from the operational database into simple flat text file Using UTL_FILE package.
Creation of database objects like tables, views, materialized views, procedures and packages using Oracle tools like Toad, SQL Developer and SQL* plus.
Also Extensive hands on Oracle database experience from Data modeling to deployment in high Performance and highly scalable applications.
Proven track record on data modeling, delivering Oracle based solutions – SQL Queries and SQL based code.
Modified PL/SQL stored procedures for ETL mappings.
Involved in data loading using PL/SQL and SQL*Loader calling UNIX scripts to download and manipulate files.
Contact this candidate