Saipavan Kumar Davaleswarapu
Sr. BI Developer (Power BI, WebFOCUS, Tableau)

Email: adxot8@r.postjobfree.com Contact: 571-***-****

Summary:

Almost 8 years of IT experience in all aspects of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), business requirements analysis, design, implementation, and support of business applications.
Solve organizational problems by assessing business performance and suggesting corrective actions in a variety of industries, such as insurance, banking, finance. Showcasing responsibilities like evaluating project progress, identifying problems, developing, and implementing company procedures, and writing technical reports.
Good working knowledge of BI reporting tool Microsoft Power BI, Tibco WebFOCUS - MRE, Developer Studio, Report Caster, APP Studio, Tableau.
Designed and created data extracts, supporting MicroStrategy, power BI, tableau, and other visualization tools.
Strong experience in SQL, python, ad-hoc reporting, data mining, data warehousing, dashboard development, data analytics, and data visualization.
Experience in Developing, Maintenance and Administration of various BI reports and extensive expertise in Optimization and Performance Tuning of focus code.
Designed and developed various Ad hoc reports, Dynamic Launch pages, BI Dashboards & BI Portals.
Experience in Designing/Developing the User-Interface using Document Composer, HTML and JavaScript.
Created various complex reports using PDF Layout, Developing Ad-hoc Reports, scheduling archiving and bursting the reports using report caster.
Experience in gathering user requirements and preparing functional design, detail design, testing and report design documents.
Strong in data warehousing concepts, business intelligence concepts, star Schema and snowflakes schema methodologies with emphasis on requirement analysis, design, testing and implementation.
Excellent Verbal and Written Communication Skills have proven to be highly effective in interfacing across business and technical groups. An intelligent and responsible software developer, fast learner, good technical abilities, and skills developed by a strong work ethic and self-learning.

Technical Skills:
Operating System: Windows, UNIX.
Reporting Tools: WebFOCUS Developer, Microsoft MicroStrategy Reporting Tools, Microsoft Power BI, Tableau
Languages: FOCUS, Python, JQuery, JavaScript, CSS, SQL, PL/SQL and HTML.
Database Technologies: Snowflake Date Warehouse, AWS Redshift, Oracle 9i, MS-SQL Server 2000, DB2, MySQL, MS Access, Netezza.

Certificates:

[PCEP-30-02] PCEP – Certified Entry-Level Python Programmer.

Professional Experience:
FIS Global, OH
Sr. BI Developer Feb 2022 – Present

FIS Global is an American multinational company that provides technology solutions to the financial industry. FIS Global and T. Rowe Price have a partnership to provide advanced technology solutions to retirement plan providers and sponsors. This partnership allows retirement plan providers and sponsors to benefit from FIS Global's technology expertise and T. Rowe Price's investment management capabilities.

The project involved migrating T. Rowe Price existing “On Demand reporting” portal from MicroStrategy to Power BI and Tibco WebFOCUS.
Worked with the T. Rowe Price team to understand the architecture and security of the existing ODR (On-Demanding Reporting) reporting.
Documented the existing entire functionality of ODR and created source to target mapping document for Power BI and WebFOCUS reporting.
Developed end-to-end business intelligence solutions and scaled them to run in production environments.
Implemented Power Query from Various data sources and cleaned up the data and created complex virtual logics in power BI using the concept called Power Pivot
Using DAX to create measures and use them in the reports and then in the dashboard.
Using M Language for creating measures.
Influenced several business-line procedural changes to ensure accuracy, consistency, and timeliness for key data assets commonly used to derive insights and calculate KPI metrics across various dimensions.
Experience in creating Tabular Reports, Matrix Reports, Parameterized Reports, and Sub Reports using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).
Responsible for all stages in the modeling process, using data wrangling, data blending, data munging techniques for collecting, cleaning, and analyzing large sets of structured and unstructured data.
Validating & analyzing data between source and target systems to make sure data integrity is not compromised.
Doing MicroStrategy architect work such as creating attributes, facts, hierarchies, logical tables as needed.
Creating interactive dashboards/dossiers using Tableau, PowerBI & MicroStrategy to analyze and process the data used by the leadership team to make critical business decisions.
Providing statistical analysis using Health Survey data to help in creating the reports for clients, who would reach out to more consumers regarding the Challenges & Missions on a user basis.
Generated periodic reports based on the statistical analysis of the data from various time frames and division using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).
Working on ad-hoc requests, which involves data pulls from multiple sources and visualize them to tell a better story to the stakeholders.
Works with the Data Warehouse Architect to perform source system analysis, identification of key data issues, data profiling and development of normalized and star-snowflake physical schemas.
Automated the creation of data pipelines to perform report delivery tasks using SQL and Python.
Performed root-cause analysis to uncover, reconcile, and resolve issues in legacy reports using advanced SQL queries and window functions.
Designed A/B tests for in-product experiments to drive awareness & user growth.

Environment:
oReporting Tools: PowerBI, WebFOCUS Page Designer 8.2.07, Business Intelligence portal, Microsoft MicroStrategy Reporting Tool, Tableau
oCloud Databases: Snowflake Date Warehouse, AWS Redshift
oTraditional Databases: Oracle, PL-Sql Netezza, DB2, OBDC, SQL Server, T-SQL.
oDatabase Tools: Toad SQL query tool, debeaver
oScripting Language: Python, Unix Shell
oUser Interface: HTML, Java Script, Angular, JQuery, CSS
oServers: WebFOCUS Reporting Server, WebFOCUS Report Caster
oApplication Server: Apache Tomcat
oOther Technologies: Share point, Service now, ESP, UAC, GitHub, Rocket chat, Rally, Jira board, Microsoft MicroStrategy Reporting Tools

Nationwide Insurance, OH
Sr. BI Developer Apr 2019 – Feb 2022

Nationwide insurance is an Ohio based company and headquarters in Columbus, Ohio and having multiple locations in entire United States. Nationwide Insurance Retirement planning services provides various options for the plan sponsors to invest on the plan for their accounts which includes public and private sectors and nationwide IT responsible in delivering and maintaining in provides a flexible data driven and report driven solutions to view their investments. Some of the big state clients(public) are State of California, State of Maryland, State of Jersey.

Experienced in collaborating with stakeholders to gather business requirements, priorities, define metrics & KPI, and developing analytical solutions that aid decision making and solve business problems.
Build, maintain, update, clean, concise, and digestible visualizations, and dashboards for the team and/or client to use and gain insights.
Automated the public organizational data to build tabular and matrix reports every month.
Identified PII data in the legacy systems and mapping them to a new secured NAS location especially for the public domain.
Assigning roles to the end user/clients while using the retirement portal for viewing reports for both private and public.
Analyzed and processed complex data sets using advanced querying, visualization, and analytics tools to derive an actionable insight.
Validated incoming client data by using both ad-hoc and systematic methods to generate time-series visualization and summary statistics using Tableau, Excel, and Python.
Developed visualization/dashboards in Tableau and MicroStrategy for various clients to provide key data-driven insights which help in day-to-day business decisions.
Created dynamic dashboard in Tableau with drill down capabilities that are consumed by Sales and Marketing teams for insights.
Automated the process of publishing the reports using subscriptions thus saving 20 hours of manual work each week.
Works closely with other teams to define and design data warehousing and reporting services. Knowledge of and experience with data warehousing techniques, dimensional modelling, data modeling, and implementation
Worked on performance tuning and troubleshooting assignments, including creating alert reports and checking logs, successfully reducing all performance risks and problems by 90%.
Communicated key data and findings to audiences of all levels, delivered insights and recommendations, via summary or presentations, to internal teams and/or clients.
Migrated code from DEV to TEST and from TEST to PROD environments after the thorough check of the data. Used to create jobs in Report Caster in scheduling reports and distributing them accordingly.
Used App path and App Hold commands in WebFOCUS to improve the performance of the report by creating permanent hold files.
Used PDF Layout painter to create compound PDF reports so that all the data coming from different sources is displayed according to the requirements.
Expert in writing SQL Queries in SQL Server and Oracle.
Used to build and customize the portals in Business Intelligence Platform (BIP).
Generated various kind of report formats like PDF, HTML, EXCEL, AHTML and Grid reports with attractive styling visuals. Designed HTML pages with multiple dropdowns and radio buttons.

Environment:
oReporting Tools: Power BI, Webfocus App Studio 8.1.05, Business Intelligence portal
oCloud Databases: Snowflake Date Warehouse, AWS Redshift
oTraditional Databases: Oracle, Netezza, DB2, OBDC, SQL Server
oDatabase Tools: Toad SQL query tool, debeaver
oScripting Language: Python, Unix Shell
oUser Interface: HTML, Java Script, Angular, JQuery, CSS
oServers: WebFOCUS Reporting Server, WebFOCUS Report Caster
oApplication Server: IBM WebSphere, Apache Tomcat
oOther Technologies: Share point, Service now, ESP, UAC, Github, Rocket chat, Jira board.

WellsFargo, MN
BI Developer Apr 2017 – Mar 2019

Wells Fargo is a banking domain located in multiple areas across Minnesota. Wells Fargo’s retirement planning solutions providers provide report driven solutions to access their plans for the plan sponsor and users and can visualize their related information quickly.

Identified the data sources and the underlying tables and created the metadata.
Created a launch page which uses resource layout painter, html and JavaScript and it is used for passing the parameters for running the report.
Customize Reports and URLs.
Working on ad-hoc requests, which involves data pulls from multiple sources and visualize them to give a better understanding to the stakeholders.
Works with the Data Warehouse Architect to perform source system analysis, identification of key data issues, data profiling and development of normalized and star-snowflake physical schemas.
Automated the creation of data pipelines to perform report delivery tasks using SQL and Python.
Performed root-cause analysis to uncover, reconcile, and resolve issues in legacy reports using advanced SQL queries and window functions.
Created Permanent hold file for improving efficiency and performance.
Created various kinds of graphs using Graph composer: Line Graph, Bar Graph, Pie Charts, Dual Axes Bar Graphs, Heat Maps, and complicated Grid Reports.
Built various Ad-Hoc reports with complicated filter designs according to the business requirement.
Used to work with IBI in raising tickets if we don’t meet any preferred requirement.
Worked in Administration console in giving all the security access and permissions to the Managers, Directors, and end users according to the business requirement.
Migrated code from DEV to TEST and from TEST to PROD environments after the thorough check of the data. Used to create jobs in Report Caster in scheduling reports and distributing them accordingly.
Used App path and App Hold commands in WebFOCUS to improve the performance of the report by creating permanent hold files.
Used PDF Layout painter to create compound PDF reports so that all the data coming from different sources is displayed according to the requirements.
Expert in writing SQL Queries in SQL Server and Oracle.
Used to build and customize the portals in Business Intelligence Platform (BIP).
Generated various kind of report formats like PDF, HTML, EXCEL, AHTML and Grid reports with attractive styling visuals. Designed HTML pages with multiple dropdowns and radio buttons.

Environment:
oReporting Tools: Webfocus App Studio 8.1.05, Business Intelligence portal
oTraditional Databases: Oracle, Netezza, DB2, OBDC, SQL Server
oDatabase Tools: Toad SQL query tool, debeaver
oScripting Language: Python, Unix Shell
oUser Interface: HTML, Java Script, Angular, JQuery, CSS
oServers: WebFOCUS Reporting Server, WebFOCUS Report Caster
oApplication Server: IBM WebSphere, Apache Tomcat
oOther Technologies: Share point, Service now, Rocket chat, Jira board.

Proshares, MD
BI Developer
Oct 2015 – Feb 2017

ProShares, a division of ProFunds, manages various investment funds and has combined assets under management. This makes it a small investment company compared to giant managers that have trillions in assets under management. ProShares offers unique funds that track various indices and asset classes.

Worked with WebFOCUS 8. xx/7. xx versions
Designed and coded to generate 250 fact sheets with different styling standards determining the standards and statistics of end clients.
Created FOCUS reports that dynamically select Master files using Dialogue Manager Commands.
Used to design Templates with WebFOCUS coding with various graphics and customizations by using many technologies like CSS, HTML and JAVASCRIPT.
Knowledge of working with different applications in WebFOCUS like Managed Reporting (MRE), Report Painter, Document Composer, HTML Painter, Report Caster, Graphic Analytic Design, Advanced Graphic Analytic Design.
Worked extensively on Data warehousing concepts with many BI teams and generated different types of reports by bringing data into perfect and exact shape.
Excellent oral and written communication skills so that can be able to communicate with both technical and business teams.
Worked with architecture team to build schema.
Built Meta data and configured data adapter connections: SQL, ORACLE, TERADATA.
Built and designed various kinds of complicated HTML reports with global and static filters according to the business requirement.
Created stored SQL procedures in designing complex reporting logics for building WebFOCUS reports.
Created several applications (Cascading, pick list, drill down and Type-In) for effective filtering to finer details using Business Intelligence dash boards.
Created drill through reports for providing better functionality, ad-hoc analysis of the data using OLAP Interface and Drill down on Measures.
Extensively worked on Report Caster scheduling and Burst options and created many distribution lists among various departments within the company according to the requirement.
Generated weekly / monthly and ad-hoc reports using Web FOCUS Developer Studio 8007

Environment:
oReporting Tools: Webfocus App Studio 8.1.04, 8.1.04 Dev Studio, Tibco Spotfire
oDatabases: Oracle, Teradata, DB2
oDatabase Tools: Advanced Query Tool.
oScripting Language: Unix Shell
oUser Interface: HTML, Java Script, Angular, JQuery, CSS
oServers: WebFOCUS Reporting Server
oApplication Server: Apache Tomcat
Contact this candidate