Xavier Brown
Student-Athlete/Software Developer/ IT Technician/Web Developer/ UX Engineer/DevOps BI Engineer/ Fullstack Developer/ Python Engineer

Norman, OK,73072
661-***-****
adyamj@r.postjobfree.com
EXPERIENCE

Onsharp - Python Dev/ Engineer
06 2022 - Current
I am in charge of utilizing best practices and methodologies to design, customize, and integrate with a variety of applications and associated solutions for our clients. Working as part of team, I accomplished a range of development duties from basic design/configuration to custom development/plugins, data conversion, unit testing, quality assurance and client support using Python, Docker, Knockout JS, Poetry, Google Cloud Datastore, MySQL, PostgreSQL (T-SQL), Angular HTML, Poetry, CSS, JavaScript & TypeScript, Node, NPM, and Azure DevOps.
Charter Healthcare - Lead Web Developer/ Dev Ops Bi Engineer II
07 2021 - 10 2022

I am in charge of maintaining, Updating, Developing, and managing the
Front and Back end of the website using Javascript, Reactjs, Html, CSS, GatsbyJS, JQuery, SQL, and other modules. Also created a website for the company's internal demands which allowed them to access all platforms they used and update their employees on upcoming events Using Javascript, NextJS, ReactJS, Jquery, and ExpressJS.

RGE Lighting Design – Lead Programmer
10 2020 - 11 2021
Worked with a lighting design company to create an interface for their product selling interface. I used Python, Javascript, Django, Jquery, HTML and CSS. This site's purpose was to have a homepage that displayed their project sites, products for sale, and also needed login for users as well
Moon Rift Entertainment (Personal Consultant)— Lead Programmer
08 2020 - 11 2020
Worked with an entertainment company that needed a basic layout for the game they released. I was in charge of everything from basic development to some back-end features such as URLS and database structures Using Python, Django and some C# for graphical interfaces.

Nonprofit Organization (Personal Consultant)— Lead Programmer
10 2020 - 02 2021
Created a website for a nonprofit organization that supported kids with learning technologies such as games, exercises, videos, etc.. I used Javascript, ReactJs, Jquery, HTML and CSS. I was able to guide the production of the website and allow for a good basis for their website.
.

EDUCATION
University of Oklahoma
2016-2020
Started Schooling in 2016 and graduated May of 2020 with a Bachelor's Degree.
Self Taught
I have been programming for about 5 years now and I have had to work with computers regarding both software and hardware. I use languages such as Python, Solidity, Javascript, HTML and CSS, AWS, SQL, C#, and all other skills mentioned.
Created applications that have helped people/ companies with their needs. I have also been designing and implementing my own smart contracts and Api's for deployment.
Data Structures and Algorithms Date of Completion: April 25, 2022
I opted in for a course on Data Structures and Algorithms so that I could further my skills professionally. This course taught me all the essentials that are needed to write code that is Optimized and Functional.

Online Courses
I took courses on React JS, Next.JS, Artificial intelligence, Deep Learning, Javascript, C#, AWS and other programming modules.

Modules: NumPy, Pandas, PyQT, tkinter, pdfminer, selenium, BS4(BeautifulSoup), Jquery, Foundry VTT, ReactJs, Next JS, GatsbyJS

Projects
-Polling Application
-Python, Django, C#
-Company website: Matching game
- Javascript, Jquery, ReactJs, HTML and CSS, foundryVTT.
-Android application for Depression
- Kotlin
-Android Application Videogame
-Kotlin
-Company website: Lighting Design for architect projects and products
-Javascript, Jquery, ReactJs, HTML, CSS, Express,
- Create and Update Charter Official Website
- Javascripts, ReactJs, GatsbyJs
- Creating an intranet website for Charter HCG
-Javascript, SQL, Jquery, HTML and CSS, ReactJS, GatsbyJs, ExpressJS
- Creating NFT and Smart Contracts
- Solidity, Python, Django, Selenium,C++
-API for weather data, and user interactions
-AWS, Python, Web scraping, Tkinter, Pandas, Numpy, Javascript, PyQT, ExpressJs,BS4, C++
-Creating AI for Facial Recognition
-Python, AWS
SKILLS
Data Structures & Algorithms
Programming applications via:
HTML/CSS
Python
Django
Javascript
Docker
KnockoutJS
Poetry
Google Cloud
MySQL
MongoDB
Angular
TypeScript
Postman
Solidity
ReactJS
NextJS
GatsbyJS
Jquery
Twilio
C#
C++
SQlite
Kotlin
SDLC
Docker
Poetry
Flask
SQL
Express.JS
AWS
ZTP (Zero Trust Principles)
Fixing Hardware and Software Problems
Working with Windows/Mac
Web Scraping
Unit testing
Personal Skills:
Hard Working
Dedicated
Problem Solver
Quick -Witted
Compassionate
Driven
Listener
Empathetic
Team Player
Leader
Stoic
Empath
Creative

Hobbies:
University of Oklahoma - Student-Athlete
11 2016 - 2021
I ran track for the University of Oklahoma for about my entire educational career there. I am an all-Big12 student-athlete as well as a former champion of the Big Sky Conference in California.
Music - Guitar
11 2016 - Current
I started playing guitar when I was in college and have been doing so ever since.
Sport - Boxing
09 2022 - Current
Got into Boxing Recently and it has been good exercise for me throughout the weeks.
Contact this candidate