E-Mail: adycgd@r.postjobfree.com Phone: +91-860*******
www…linkedin.com/in/madhuri-rathod-1b947ba5
Madhuri Rathod
Profile Summary
I am an MBA Marketing professional. I started out my career with Bridgestone India Pvt Ltd as a GMTP trainee, where I got a yearlong opportunity to work under various departments to learn basic functionalities as mentioned in the side table.
Post this I was placed in PSR Replacement sales & Marketing department where I was promoted to Territory Manager from Assistant District Manager.
I have had a 5 year long stint in Bridgestone India Pvt ltd during which I contributed to territory growth & organizational profitability through effective Sales & Marketing. Even made effective use of tools such as Power BI, SAP, Advanced Excel, MACROS, etc. Created MIS and dashboards to be presented to the upper management.
Professional Experience (Jun’18 – Jul’23)
Bridgestone India Pvt Ltd
Territory Manager
Roles & Responsibilities:
Initiating ‘Firm Meetings’ with the business for listing all the important KPIs to understand and cater their needs.
Identification of new streams for revenue growth and expansion of sales in the assigned territories thereby achieving annual target.
Executing multiple projects from the inception stage to planning, estimation, scheduling, documentation and completion of project within agreed timelines and approved budgets.
Identifying and networking with prospective key stakeholders for business generation from the new & existing accounts, achieving profitability and increasing sales.
Analyzing new markets & business opportunities for revenue growth tracking sales, gathering customer & market feedback creating reports and cascading them to the top management.
Ensuring that the new clients onboarded from unrepresented niche market grow into loyal customers.
Designing schemes, policies and undertaking market campaigns at the city level for the clients and providing analysis to management for new market opportunities
Liaising with the clients /dealers and multiple stakeholders such as sales team, C&F team, logistic team to get the sales and in-out stock data to analyze YOY growth, to perform competitor data analysis. and understand the market demands forming KPI for designing schemes and marketing campaigns to be used by the company.
Formulated hierarchies and dynamic measures (DAX) to analyse the performances of each KPI.
Designed multiple interactive dashboards and reports with ‘drill down’ functionality.
Using ‘Power BI services’ for sharing reports with the upper management using to aid them in key decision making. Key Impact Areas
~ Strategic Market Positioning
~ Market & Competitive Analysis
~ Strategic Alliances & Engagements
~ Business & Market Analysis
~ Reporting & Documentation
~ Team Building & Leadership
~Market Analysis -B2B
~Product Road Mapping
~Stakeholder Management
~Problem Solving
~Strategic Initiatives
~Negotiation Skills
~System Thinking
Skilled Marketing professional seeking an opportunity in techno-management field.

Internships
Name: Star Union Daichi Life Insurance Pvt Ltd Duration: 2 Months Project: Consumer perception towards SUD Life Insurance in Pune city Details:
Approached clients via email campaigns, cold calling and personal visits.
Conducted door to door market survey for lead generation.
Presented products to business leaders of IT and ITES companies.
Successfully achieved the assigned targets to generate revenue.
Helped HR executives in talent sourcing and acquisition for insurance agent role.
Performed SWOT analysis on survey data collected. Internship/Project (B.E Computer):
Name: Advent Software Pvt.ltd Duration: One year
Details:
Worked under direct supervision of Head of Product and Services division of US based IT products and services firm for designing algorithms to collaboratively publish micro data.
Received Technical Sponsorship for conducting research on Data Mining’s
Achieved efficiency of 17% greater than traditional key encryption algorithms.
Detected Insider Attacks on sensitive attributes of patients using SQL injection. Technical Skills
Power BI, SAP, Advanced Microsoft Excel, Advanced Microsoft Office & Microsoft PowerPoint, Tableau.
Languages: SQL, C++ & Java.
Relational Databases: Oracle & SQL Server
Academic Details
2018: MBA (Marketing) from Indira Institute of Management Pune, IIMP Pune University
2015: BE (Computer Science) PVG’s (Pune Vidyarthi Griha’s) COET Pune, Pune University Achievements
Key orator in unveiling new software (C4C App) for Bridgestone India Pvt Ltd at Pan India level.
Lead volunteering/hosting at Company Dan Tatsu award event.
Been part of the CSR organizing committee for the company.
Won firm level awards such as rising star, consistent & Best performer in overall units.
Won "Best Group Effort" award in GMTP Program of Bridgestone (2018 – 2019)
Won rewards & recognitions at talent shows held by firm level.
Secured 1st position among 100+ students in Indiapreneur inter IGI level B-Plan Competition ‘17
Bagged 1st Runner up position among 50+ students in Big Idea 2 at IGI Group competition ‘17
Selected among Top1% students in batch & successfully completed workshop for Amaethon National conference at IIM Ahmadabad ’17.
Published a paper on Data Security and Anonymization for collaborative Data publishing at IJAFRC.
Presented paper on Search Engine Optimization during engineering 2013-14.
Volunteer at PVG’s COET under National Services Scheme in four years.
Recognized and awarded as Most Eligible bachelorette in 2015. Interests
Dancing
Trekking
Singing
Reading
Practicing cross-fit
Personal Details
Date of Birth: 26th Aug 1992
Languages Known: English, Hindi, Marathi
Address: Mumbai
Contact this candidate