Sunitha
Power BI Developer
Email: sunitha.bi.***9(a)gmail(dot)com
Phone No: 737-***-****
Professional Summary:

** ***** ** ********** ** BI applications utilizing Power BI and Cognos.
Experienced in writing M-code in power query editor level.
Implemented Forward and Reverse Engineering Data modeling on financial data.
Practical understanding of the Data modeling (Dimensional & Relational) concepts like Star-Schema Modeling, Snowflake Schema Modeling, Fact and Dimension tables.
Having good experience in Power query, Power pivot and Power view for creating the effective reports and dashboards in Power BI.
Prepared and completed data mappingfor all the migration jobs using SSIS.
Executed Python scripts and R scripts in Power BI Desktop.
Having good skills in trouble shooting On-Premises Gateway to refresh the dashboards/ reports.
Translated the business requirements into workable functional and non-functional requirements at detailed production level using Workflow Diagrams, Sequence Diagrams, Activity Diagrams and Use Case Modeling.
Designed reports on cloud base database like Azure,Snowflake.
Used DAX expressions like Logical, Aggregate, and Time Intelligence & Date Functions to create business Calculations based on requirements.
Designed Dashboards in the Power BI Mobile Apps.
Created Static & Dynamic RLS.
Publishing the reports into Power BI Service and sharing the dashboards to the Users.
Designed and Developed various analytical reports from multiple Data Sources by blending Data sets and developing the report using different Power BI Visualizations.
Extensive database programming experience in writing MS SQL, User Defined Functions, Triggers, Views, Temporary Tables Constraints, and Indexes.
Extensively used PL/SQL to create Stored procedures, functions, triggers and packages in Oracle 10g/9i/8i/8.0/7.x.
Developed Paginated Reports using Power BI Report Builder.
Expertise in dealing with RDBMS including E/R Diagrams, Normalization and De-Normalization, Constraints, Data Import and Export etc.
Worked on projects using Agile and Waterfall model methodologies

Technical Skills:

RDBMS/DBMS:
MS SQL Server 2016/2014/2012/2008R2/2008/2005/2000, MySQL, Oracle 11g/10g/9i/8i, and MS Access 2003/2000/97
Database Technologies/Tools:
SQL Server Entreprise Manager, Microsoft Management Console, SQL, T-SQL, Data Transformation Services (DTS), OLTP, SSIS, OLAP, Microsoft Visio, ER Studio
Databases:
Azure SQL Database, Azure data warehouse, Azure Data Factory, MS SQL Server 2008 R2, 2012, 2014,2016, Snowflake,MySQL and Oracle12c.
Azure Cloud:
Azure SQL Database, Azure Data Lake, Azure Data Factory (ADF), Azure SQL Data Warehouse, Azure Service Bus, Azure Analysis Service (AAS), Azure Blob Storage.
Reporting Tools:
Power BI, SSRS, Crystal Reports, Report Studio, Report builder.
Operating Systems:
Windows XP, 2000, NT, 98, Windows 2003, Windows Vista, Windows 7
Programming Languages:
T-SQL, PL/SQL, HTML, VB.Net, C++,R script, jQuery, Python, Windows Scripts
Design Technologies/Tools:
Erwin, MS Visio, Rational Rose
Data Warehouse / Business Intelligence Tools
SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), Visual Studio 2016/2014/2013/2010/2008, Visual Studio Shell, Cognos 11,8.x
ETL
SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), Informatica 8.x

Professional Experience:

Client: Virginia Department for Aging and Rehabilitative Services
Feb 2022 – Present
Sr. Power BI Developer

Responsibilities:
Worked extensively on DAX functions in calculating the data sourced from the CARDINAL.
Created effective reports using visualizations in Power BI.
Responsible for building Power BI Dashboards using Tabular and Multi-Dimensional Models.
Designed data sets in Power BI desktop based on measure and dimension requested by business users and dashboard needs.
Implemented Forward and Reverse Engineering Data modeling.
Executed Bi-weekly reports using schedule refresh in Power BI service.
Used Microsoft Power BI Power Query for ETL activities.
Good experience with M code and Advanced Editor Power Query.
Used Dynamics 365 for user management and security.
Worked with different data sources like SQL server, CSV, MS Excel,Oracle Database.
Developed complex SQL queries for extracting data .
Created Paginated reports using SSRS.
Strong experience working with KPI Scorecards, Dashboards, Reports.
Good experience in publishing Power BI reports on Power BI Service.
Translated business requirements into logic using DAX Studio.
Implemented several DAX functions for various fact calculations for efficient data visualization in Power BI.
Created Static & Dynamic RLS.
Generated Reports by connecting Power BI desktop to Dynamics 365 data.
Performed Incremental Refresh using parameters.
Worked with MS SQL Stored Procedures.
Extensive experience in different type of reports including: Tabular forms, Matrix, List items, Charts and Sub reports.

Environment: MS SQL Server 2014, Management Studio (SSMS), Power BI Dashboard, Power BI Service, DAX Studio, SSRS,D365.

Client: CUNA Mutual Group, Madison, WI
Nov 2021 – Jan 2022
Sr. Power BI Developer

Responsibilities:
Designing and Developing the Dashboard Reports in Power BI using DAX.
Created effective reports using visualizations such as Bar chart, Clustered Column Chart, Waterfall Chart, Gauge, Pie Chart, Tree map etc. in Power BI.
Responsible for building Power BI Dashboards using Tabular and Multi-Dimensional Models.
Designed data sets in Power BI desktop based on measure and dimension requested by business users and dashboard needs.
Executed weekly reports using schedule refresh in Power BI service.
Used Microsoft Power BI Power Query for ETL activities.
Good experience in publishing Power BI reports on Power BI Service.
Implemented several DAX functions for various fact calculations for efficient data visualization in Power BI.
Used MS Power Apps for creating business process flow.
Prepared and complete data mapping for all the migrated jobs using SSIS.
Created Dynamic RLS (Row Level Security).
Performed Incremental Refresh using parameters.
Worked with MS SQL Stored Procedures.
Created reports in Power BI service using Snowflake.
Extensive experience in different type of reports including: Tabular forms, Matrix,List items, Charts and Sub reports.
Involved in Data Migration using SQL, SQL Azure, and Azure Data Factory.
Created and designed reports and dashboards in the Power BI Mobile Apps.
Published and scheduled reports using Power BI service to generate all daily, weekly, monthly and quarterly reports.

Environment: MS SQL Server 2014, SSIS,Management Studio (SSMS), Power BI Dashboard, Power BI Service, Snowflake,Power BI Mobile Apps.

Client: WebMD, New York
Jan 2020 – Oct 2021
Sr. Power BI Developer

Responsibilities:
Extensively involved in Development, Implementation and Reporting in MS SQL Server 2016/ 2014/2012/2008 R2/2008 with Business Intelligence in SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) and SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).
Proficient in Creating, Configuring and Fine-tuning SSIS packages, SSRS reports and T-SQL queries using tools like SQL Profiler, Performance Monitor and Database Engine Tuning advisor.
Responsible for creating reports such as Cascading, Drill down/Drill through Reports, Conditional, Table, Matrix, Charts, Ad-hoc Specialized in using Relational data warehouse for producing Sub Reports.
Worked extensively on Data visualization and Data analyzation using Power BI.
Created calculations and measures in MS Cubes using MDX.
Used Python scripts in Power Query Editor.
Designing and Developing the Dashboard Reports in Power BI using DAX.
Created effective reports using visualizations such as Bar chart, Clustered Column Chart, Waterfall Chart, Gauge, Pie Chart, Tree map etc. in Power BI.
Responsible for building Power BI Dashboards using Tabular and Multi-Dimensional Models.
Design and model data sets with Power BI desktop based on measure and dimension requested by customer and dashboard needs.
Used Microsoft Power BI Power Query to extract data from external sources and modify data to certain format as required in Excel and created SSIS packages to load excel sheets from PC to database.
Used T-Sql to interact with MS Synapse.
Designed Power BI reports by connecting to Azure,Snowflake.
Good experience in publishing Power BI reports on Power BI Service.
Installed On premise data gateway and scheduled daily data refresh in Power BI Service.
Created Calculated Columns and Measures in Power BI and Excel depending on the requirement using DAX queries.
Wrote and modified various Stored Procedures used in the application using T-SQL.
Extensive experience in different type of reports including: Tabular forms, Matrix (cross Tab report) form, Conditional, List items, Charts and Sub reports.
Performed DAX (Data Analysis Expressions) & MDX functions for the creation of calculations and measures in the Tabular Mode & multi-dimensional Cubes.
Create Power Pivot models and Power Pivot reports, publish reports onto SharePoint, and deploy models into SQL Server SSAS instance.
Create Parameterized SSRS Reports and Power Pivot Workbooks using data of Tabular model and Cube data model to prove the functionality of database.
Implemented Copy activity, Custom Azure Data Factory Pipeline Activities.
Primarily involved in Data Migration using SQL, SQL Azure, and Azure Data Factory, SSIS.
Used SSIS to create ETL packages to validate, extract, transform and load data to data warehouse and data marts.
Created and designed reports and dashboards in the Power BI Mobile Apps.
Involved in unit testing against the developed packages and reports.
Published and scheduled reports using Power BI service to generate all daily, weekly, monthly and quarterly reports.

Environment: MS SQL Server 2012/2014, Management Studio (SSMS), Integration Services (SSIS) 2012, Power BI Dashboard, Azure,Snowflake,Power BI Service, Power BI Mobile Apps, MS Synapse.

Client: Zoetis Inc, New Jersey
Sep 2018 – Dec 2019
Power BI developer

Responsibilities:
Collaborated with senior management, subject matter experts, and IT teams to define business requirements.
Transformed business requirements into functional and non-functional requirements.
Created master-child packages to consolidate data from data sources into SQL server with execute package tasks, enabling modular programming.
Implemented package configurations on development, test, and production environments utilizing parameters.
Strong understanding of Data Modeling in data warehouse environment such as star schema and snowflake schema.
Utilized multi-dimensional and tabular model in analysis services to pull and generate reports directly from in-memory from back-end relational data sources.
Designed and developed Power BI graphical and visualization solutions with business requirement documents and plans for creating interactive dashboards.
Utilized Power BI (Power View) to create various analytical dashboards that depicts critical KPIs such as legal case matter, billing hours and case proceedings along with slicers and dicers enabling end-user to make filters.
Generated ad-hoc reports in Excel Power Pivot and shared them using Power BI to the decision makers for strategic planning.
Utilized Power Query in Power BI to Pivot and Un-pivot the data model for data cleansing and data massaging.
Executed R scripts in Power BI Desktop.
Implemented several DAX functions for various fact calculations for efficient data visualization in Power BI.
Utilized Power BI gateway to keep dashboards and reports up to-date with on premise data sources.
Implemented code check-in/check-out and managed multiple versions of complicated code within TFS.
Used Visual Basic for Applications (VBA) for Excel Automation.
Provisioned VMs with SQL Server on cloud utilizing Microsoft Azure and setting up communication with the help of endpoints.
Migrated enterprise database to Microsoft Azure with Redgate and azure data factory.
Helped to develop backup and recovery strategy for databases on virtualization platform utilizing Microsoft Azure.
Perform thorough unit testing on all relevant platforms to ensure proper implementation.
Involving in developing test cases for Unit Testing.

Environment: SQL Server 2012, T-SQL, SharePoint, Power BI Dashboard,Power BI Service, TFS,
MS Azure, Data Factory, Visual Studio.

Client: CVS Health, Alpharetta, GA
Jul 2016 – Aug 2018
Power BI Developer

Responsibilities:
Participated in JAD meetings to ensure a common understanding with business, development, and test teams.
Encapsulated frequently executed SQL statements into stored procedures to reduce the query execution times.
Involved creating effective reports, dashboards and publishing into Power bi service.
Optimized SSIS packages utilizing parallelisms, fast load options, buffer sizes, and checkpoints.
Managed packages in SSIS DB catalogue with environments, automated execution with SQL agent jobs.
Involved in the design of Data-warehouse using Star-Schema methodology and converted data from various sources to oracle tables.
Created data models and data flow diagrams for the to-be process.
Designed SSAS cube objects such as KPIs, aggregations, perspectives, and translations.
Formatted dashboards, multiple chart types, trends, and KPIs with Power View to support analyses.
Worked on SSIS Package, DTS Import/Export for transferring data from Database (Oracle and Text format data) to SQL Server.
Involved creating effective reports, dashboards and publishing in to Power bi service.
Utilized Power BI (Power Pivot/View) to design multiple scorecards and dashboards to display information required by different departments and upper-level management.
Created reports utilizing SSRS, Excel services, Power BI and deployed them on SharePoint Server as per business requirements.
Designed complex data intensive reports in Power BI utilizing various graph features such as gauge, funnel, line better business analysis.
Optimized report performance with caches and snapshots.
Worked with Sql server database objects like Temp tables, CTEs, sub-queries Views, DDL/DML commands, Joins, User defined functions, stored procedures to facilitate efficient data manipulation and data consistency as well as to support the existing applications.
Proactively resolve issues to drive quality and system performance improvements across the application.
Implemented TFS for project version control and change management with bug tracking.

Environment: Microsoft SQL Server 2012, T-SQL, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, Power BI, SharePoint, TFS.

Client: Equitable, NYC, NY
Nov 2014 – Jun 2016
Tableau/Power BI Developer

Responsibilities:
Worked with Project team to outline Project requirements.
Gathering and analyzing requirements of clients understand and convert them into database solutions with solid exposure to architecture, analysis, design, testing, development, deployment, documentation & implementation.
Used Erwin tool for Data modeling.
Profiled the legacy database tables to provide data cleansing issue reports to the client.
Developed data reconciliation SQL queries to validate the overall data migration.
Created different chart types and drill down reports.
Generated Cognos reports to using SSAS tabular cubes.
Implemented complex query techniques of passing multi-Valued parameters and cascading parameters in MDX.
Involved in defining report layout. Created complex stored procedures for reporting services and Analyzed reports.
Generated several daily and monthly critical Cognos reports.
Performed several performance tunings using execution plan and SQL profiler to improve the performance.

Environment: Cognos 11,Tableau,MS SQL Server 2016/2014/2012/2008R2, SQL, Team Foundation, Service Now, MS Excel, CSS.

Client: Mr. Cooper, Coppell, TX
Jan 2012 – Oct 2014
Cognos/Informatica Developer

Responsibilities:
Designed Cubes using Cognos PowerPlay Transformer.
Build Cognos reports in Report Studio for the payroll department through which company was able to reduce 20-man hours of data cleansing and creating report in excel for every month Staff Payroll Cost Report and Labour Payroll Cost Report.
Created financial reports for Finance - Account Manager Purchase Ledger (Supplier Invoice Details and Bucketing based on different criteria) and Subcontractor, Cost & Revenue Transactions reports, Staff Cost Monitoring report, Cash Flow report and Budget vs forecast report.
Used Informatica for ETL process.
Implemented reverse and Forward Engineering Data Modeling on financial data.
Worked in Agile,Dev,Test,Prod environments.
Hands on building Groups, hierarchies, sets to create detail level summary reports and Dashboard using KPI’s.
Created several transformations using Informatica to meet business needs.
Created Cognos reports to retrieving data using SSAS tabular cubes.
Developing dashboards and KPI scorecards using Cognos.
Worked with Microsoft team on product limitations and capabilities to the United IT and Business stakeholders.
Extracted data from multiple databases like Teradata,Oracle and MSSQL Server.
Good experience in production support.
Provided continued maintenance and development of bug fixes for the existing and new Cognos Reports.
Enhanced and deployed the SSIS Packages from development server to production server.
Created the automated processes for the activities such as database backup processes and SSIS Packages run sequentially using SQL Server Agent job.

Environment: SSRS, SSIS, SSAS, Cognos 11 (Content Explorer, Dash boarding, Active Reports, Workspace Advanced, Report Studio, Analysis Studio, Query Studio),Teradata, Informatica 8.x,Oracle.

Education:
Master of Economics, Osmania University
P.G. Diploma in Computer Applications from (BDPS)
Contact this candidate