Virat Patel
Power BI developer/ BI Developer
adyrsa@r.postjobfree.com
469-***-****

EXPERIENCE SUMMARY:

Highly motivated Power BI developer and Data Analyst with around 6 years of IT experience in IT. Starting of my career, have been in the field of SQL and Power BI where I have extensive experience in writing complex T-SQL queries and have created many stored procedure, functions, triggers, and database views as part of the business requirement. Experience having multiple skill set and extensive working experience in Data warehousing and Business Intelligence Technologies with expertise in SQL Server Development, MSBI Stack (TSQL, SSAS, SSRS), Azure, Power BI for building, deploying, and managing applications and services through a global network of Microsoft-managed data centers.
Extensive experience with SQL Server with DAX Functions Such as SUMX, CALCULATE, ALLEXCEPT, FILTER Functions.
Experience in Writing Complex T-SQL Queries, Dynamic-queries, Sub-queries, Co-related sub queries, Complex joins.
Published Power BI Reports in the required originations and Made Power BI Dashboards available in Web clients and mobile apps.
Expert in Data Preparation, Data Modeling and Data Blending.
Experienced in creating SSIS Packages for integrating data using OLE DB connection from heterogeneous sources (Excel, CSV, Oracle, flat file, Text Format Data) by using multiple transformations provided by SSIS such as Data Conversion, Conditional Split, Bulk Insert, merge and union all etc.
Strong knowledge and experience in error handling of SSIS packages using transactions, check points (Package restart ability features), break points and error logging procedures.
Highly experienced in full cycle of SQL server integration services SSIS Packages (Developing, Developing, Scheduling, Configuring, Troubleshooting and monitoring) for performing data transfers and ETL Purposes across different servers.
Created reports in Power BI by importing data, shaped and transformed data for business intelligence (BI), Visualize data, author reports, scheduled automated refresh of reports and created and share dashboards based on reports in Power BI desktop.
Worked on Table, Matrix, trend lines, bar, card, gauge, slicer etc. and Custom visuals in Power Bi.
Comfortable in working with filters, calculated columns, measures, relationships and transformations of edit query section. Worked on Power BI Template.
Scheduling the Data Refresh through Power BI Gateway and Scheduled Reports Weekly and Monthly basis as per the Client Requirements.
Worked on-premises gateway to refresh the data sources & creating a live connection with tabular /Multi-dimensional Model SSAS.
Experience in developing complex reports using cascade parameters, drill down and drill through reports, matrix reports, sub reports, parameterized reports, Ad-Hoc and charts using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) based on requirements.
Experienced in creating SSIS Packages for integrating data using OLE DB connection from heterogeneous sources (Excel, CSV, Oracle, flat file, Text Format Data) by using multiple transformations provided by SSIS such as Data Conversion, Conditional Split, Bulk Insert, merge and union all etc.
Strong knowledge and experience in error handling of SSIS packages using transactions, check points (Package restart ability features), break points and error logging procedures.
Expertise in Power BI Desktop, Power BI Service with Pro and Premium capacities.
Excellent experience in Data Analysis, Data Cleansing, Data Verification using complex SQL query.
Experience in creating advance charts, visualizations and complex calculations to manipulate the data as per business need through Power BI.
Expert in creating different visualizations using Slicers, Lines, Pies, Histograms, Maps, Scatter, Bullets, Heat Maps, Tree maps, etc. using Power BI.
Experience in SDLC methodologies & Agile/Waterfall project methodologies in Analysis, Design, Development, Testing and Implementation of client-server-based applications.
TECHNICAL SUMMARY:

Operating Systems : Windows 10/Windows 7/XP/Vista
Databases : SQL Server 2012 /2016/2017
ETL Tools : SQL Server 2012 /2016/2017 Integration Services (SSIS)
OLAP Tools : SQL Server 2012 /2016/2017 Analysis Services (SSAS)
Reporting Tools : SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)
Visualization Tools : Power BI, Power Pivot, Power View
Ticketing Tools : JIRA and QuickBase

WORK EXPERIENCE:

Company : Wells Fargo – Charlotte NC
Role : Sr. BI Developer
Duration : May 2021 to Present
Environment : Power BI, SSIS, SSRS and SQL SERVER

Roles & Responsibilities:
Designing, developing and maintaining business intelligence solutions. Crafting and executing queries upon request for data. Presenting information though reports and visualization.
Created Packages for Transaction processing using containers as For Each Loop, Sequence & controlling flow of data using tasks as Script, Data Flow, File System, Execute Package, Execute Process.
Created effective reports using visualizations such as Bar chart, Clustered Column Chart, Waterfall Chart, Gauge, Pie Chart and Tree map in Power BI.
Performed Power BI Desktop Data modeling, which cleans, transforms, mash up Data from multiple sources.
Created interactive reports customized for the business using Power BI Desktop.
Published reports and dashboards using Power BI.
Worked on-premises gateway to refresh the data sources & creating a live connection with tabular /Multi-dimensional Model SSAS.
Used DAX table functions including FILTER, ALL, VALUES, DISTINCT and RELATEDTABLE.
Published Power BI Desktop to the cloud and Scheduled Reports Weekly and Monthly basis as per the Client Requirements.
Implemented the Row-level security (RLS) with Power BI Reports.
Worked with Azure Data Studio, Azure Data factory for Orchestration, SQL Azure, creating resource groups, subscriptions, build and release definitions.
Worked on deploying and scheduling Reports using SSRS and Power BI as well as triggers to generate all daily, weekly, monthly and quarterly Reports including current status.
Implemented in Charge of developing, deploying, and maintaining BI interfaces.
Designed SSIS packages to import and transform data between databases and external data sources using various transformations like Data conversion, File system task, Row counts, OLE DB Source, OLE DB Destination, OLE DB Command, Merge Join, Look up, Sort, Data flow task.
Responsible for programming, testing, debugging, and documenting simple to moderately complex ETL applications (SSIS) under direct supervision.
Transformed complex business logic into Database design and maintaining it by using SQL objects like Stored Procedures, User Defined Functions, Views, T-SQL Scripting and Jobs.
Performed unit testing, manual testing of the process in order to check the integrity.
Created Packages for Transaction processing using containers as For Each Loop, Sequence & controlling flow of data using tasks as Script, Data Flow, File System, Execute Package, Execute Process.
Having good knowledge on creation and scheduling of T-SQL jobs to run daily.

Project #2

Company : Humana – Dallas TX
Role : BI Developer
Duration : November 2019 to April 2021
Environment : Power BI, SSIS 2012, SSRS 2012 and SQL SERVER 2012

Roles & Responsibilities:

Gathered requirements from the business users, created technical specification documents.
Designed diverse types of Power BI reports like Drilldown, Drill through and Sync Slicer.
Developed custom report Tooltips for different Reports and Dashboards in Power BI.
Created various customized and interactive Reports and Dashboards in power BI.
Publishing reports to Power BI Service and providing the access to required users.
Created Table, Matrix, trend lines, bar, card, gauge, slicer etc. and Custom visuals using Power Bi.
Developed and rendered monthly, weekly and daily reports as per the requirement and gave roles, user access with respect to security in Report Manager.
Developed different types of Tabular Reports, Matrix Reports, Chart and Graphs, Reports that aggregate data, Reports containing parameters and group, Reports containing Totals and Subtotals, Drill-down reports and ad-hoc reports using SSRS.
Responsible for programming, testing, debugging, and documenting simple to moderately complex ETL applications (SSIS) under direct supervision.
Assists in the development of test plans for assigned projects, uses simple to moderately complex debugging techniques to test ETL applications.
Used SSIS to create ETL packages to validate, extract, transform and load data to data warehouse databases.
Created SSIS packages to Extract, Transform and load data using different transformations such as Lookup, Derived Columns, Condition Split, Aggregate, Pivot Transformation, and Slowly Changing Dimension, Merge Join and Union all.
Improved ETL performance, optimization on SSIS packages.
Documented all work, so user can easily understand the flow of process.
Developed several complex stored procedures for efficient handling of the application.
Involved in the designing, development, modification and enhancing the database structures and database objects.

Project #3
Company : Verizon Wireless – Piscataway NJ
Role : SQL database Developer
Duration : March 2017 to October 2019
Environment : SSIS, SSRS and SQL SERVER

Roles& Responsibilities:

Worked in Power BI report, creating tabular cube, creating data model for Power BI Report, Validating data quality of the report.
Worked on SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) to integrate and analyze data from multiple homogeneous and heterogeneous information sources (Flat files, Excel, Oracle DB2, and SQL Server).
Extract and Transform data into Staging Database and load data into data warehouse to create fact table and dimension table.
Performed Loading operation of historical data using full load and incremental load into Enterprise Data Warehouse.
Created SSIS packages to Extract, Transform and load data using different transformations such as Lookup, Derived Columns, Condition Split, Aggregate, Pivot Transformation, and Slowly Changing Dimension, Merge Join and Union all.
Developed Custom Logging so user can know when a row is inserted in custom logging table by every SSIS package that executes.
Used For-Each Loop Container, Sequence Container, Script task, Expressions, Execute SQL task, Send Mail Task, Package Execution task to achieve business needs.
Created and modified various complex Stored Procedures used in the application using T-SQL.
Developed complex Stored Procedures to generate various Drill-through reports, Parameterized reports, Tabular reports, Matrix reports and linked reports using SSRS.
Wrote complex Expressions for SSRS with Conditional Formatting.
Responsible for Deployment of the report using SSRS and used Report Subscription (Data Driven and Standard) to publish reports.
Created different Parameterized Reports like standard parameter reports, Cascading Parameterized reports
Created subscriptions to provide reports on a daily/weekly/monthly/Quarterly and Yearly basis.
Rendering the reports in the form PDF and Excel files.

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:

Bachelors in Information technology (NJIT)
Contact this candidate