Mehwar Abbas
POWER BI
Cell: 972-***-****
Email: adyrli@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

Over 5 years of IT experience with expertise in analysis, design, development and implementation of data Warehouses, data marts using Power BI, Tableau, ETL Tool (SSIS) and RDBMS like Oracle 10g/11g, MS SQL Server2014/16.
Having good experience in Power query, Power pivot and Power view for creating the effective reports and dashboards in Power BI.
Experience in Power BI 2.5x/2.7x designed, developed and published multiple innovative visualization reports and dashboard in MS SQL Server/Azure cloud environment.
Experience on creating a fact data and data model with required relationships for the report data.
Worked on managing the workspace, datasets and reports, and configured gateway for schedule refresh with notifications.
Experience in creating dashboards using Power BI visualizations.
Worked on Custom Visualizations.
Publishing the reports into Power BI Service and sharing the dashboards to the Users.
Designing dashboard templates as per the requirement & dashboards content, which includes complex tabular reports, bar charts, waterfall charts, KPIs, donut charts, line, bar, histograms, scatter, water, tree maps etc.
Creating content packs and creating roles to implement Row Level Security (RLS) for the reports.
Excellent experience in Data Analysis, Data Cleansing, Data Verification using complex SQL Query/ T-SQL /MS Excel, Troubleshoot SQL procedures into Power BI integration.
Experience on enabling various types of filters for reports and pinning visuals into dashboards
Involved in importing data from developed excel into power bi desktop using get data option.
Hands-on experience with MSBI (SSIS) to extract, transform and load data into a database.
Strong experience in using Excel and MS Access to dump the data and analyze based on business needs.
Used Power BI, Power Pivot to develop data analysis prototype, and used Power View and Power Map to visualize reports.
Published Power BI Reports in the required originations and Made Power BI Dashboards available in Web clients.
Strong experience in Data Analysis, Data Migration, Data Cleansing, Transformation, Integration, Data Import.
Hands-on experience in utilizing DAX functions which includes Aggregation, Counting, Logical, Information, Text and Date functions to create business Calculations based on requirements.
Heavily used DAX table functions including FILTER, ALL, VALUES, DISTINCT and RELATEDTABLE.
Created visual interactions using edit interactions to make few visual to effect data based on requirement.
Experience on working with Sql server database objects like Temp tables, CTEs, sub-queries Views, DDL/DML commands, Joins, User defined functions, stored procedures to facilitate efficient data manipulation and data consistency as well as to support the existing applications.
Extensive experience on interaction with system users in gathering business requirements and involved in developing projects.
Extensive experience in the testing environment, which included User Acceptance Testing (UAT), functional testing, system testing and defect tracking using Clear Quest.
Adeptness to organize information, communicate and present research findings in a clear and useful manner.
Proactive team player with capability of handling responsibilities independently as well as in a team environment and displayed strong analytical, problem-solving skills and document function/process flows.
Good communication skills interpersonal skills and proven ability to perform both as an individual and as a team player.

EDUCATION:

Bachelor’s in Science The University of Texas at Dallas

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Primary Skills: Microsoft Power BI, DAX, Excel, Excel Power Pivot, MS SQL Server
Databases: SQL Server 2016/2017/2019
Programming languages: SQL/T-SQL, DAX, M-Code
ETL Tools: Power Query, SSIS
Analytical Tools: Power Pivot
Reporting Tools: Excel, Excel Power View, Power BI, SSRS
Operating systems: Windows Server 2016.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Bayview Asset Management, FL July 2020 – till date
Power BI Developer

Responsibilities:

Automated Power Query refreshes using windows task scheduler.
Used various sources to pull data into Power BI such as SQL Server, SQL Azure etc.
Installed and configured Enterprise gateway and Personal gateway in Power bi service.
Created Workspace and content packs for business users to view the developed reports.
Scheduled Automatic refresh and scheduling refresh in power bi service.
Involved in writing complex DAX functions in Power BI and Power Pivot.
Performed Index analysis for tables and came up with more efficient solutions to use Clustered and Non-Clustered Indexes for significant performance boost using index tuning wizard.
Formulated DAX Expressions create Date to yearly columns and implemented partitions in Tabular Models for Power BI.
Used recently introduced Power BI to create self-service BI capabilities and use tabular models.
Wrote DAX expressions to create new measures, calculations per business requirements.
Create and customize simple data visualizations, Combination charts, Slicers, Map visualizations, Matrixes and tables, Scatter charts, Waterfall and funnel charts, Gauges, and single-number cards.
Published Power BI Reports in the required originations and Made Power BI Dashboards available in Web clients.
Created multiple data model and used as a common data source for the reporting purpose.
Used Power BI Gateways to keep the dashboards and reports up to date.
In Power BI developed reports by different time intelligence like a year to date (YTD), Month to date (MTD), same period last year.
Worked on all types of transformations that are available in Power bi query editor.
Created stored procedures and SQL queries to pull data into power pivot model, Troubleshoot SQL procedures into Power BI integration.
Database creation (DDL, DML, DCL), database tuning, SQL tuning, performance planning.
Extensively used Joins and Sub-Queries to simplify complex queries involving multiple tables.
Created Jobs Performance report that queries system tables to track the duration of each job and weekly-average duration using SSRS.
Designed and created data extracts, supporting SSRS, Power BI or other visualization tools reporting applications.
Debugging SSIS packages, Performance tuning on slowly running SSIS Packages.
Created Reports using Charts,KPIS, Gauges, Tables, and matrix.
Created Parameterized Report, Dashboard Report, Linked report and Sub Report by Year, Quarter, Month, and Week.
Created Drill Down Reports, Drill Through Report by Region.

Johnson & Johnson, PA Mar 2018 to Jun 2020
Power BI Developer

Responsibilities:

Collaborated with the project team to outline project requirements.
Connect, import, shape, and transform data for business intelligence (BI).
Developed data reconciliation SQL queries to validate the overall data migration.
Formulated DAX Expressions create Date to yearly columns and implement partitions in Tabular Models for Power BI.
Used recently introduced Power BI to create self-service BI capabilities and use tabular models.
Wrote DAX expressions to create new measures, calculations per business requirements.
Effectively used data blending, filters, actions, and hierarchies feature in Power BI.
Analyzed the data using Statistical features in Power BI to develop trend analysis.
Worked on report permissions and dashboard permissions to provide access to different users.
Used Quick insights to get various types of visuals to match the requirements.
Worked on the relationship tab to provide cardinality between fact and dimension tables.
Implemented Visual Level, Page level, report level filters and pinning in dashboards.
Involved creating effective reports, dashboards, and publishing into Power bi service
Creating the roles for the dashboards, sharing the developed dashboards to the client in Power BI.
Created a content pack library for sharing the dashboards and reports to colleagues.
Developed best practices for database design and development activities.
Published the developed dashboard, reports on the Power BI Services so that the end-users can view the data.
Successfully integrated custom visuals based on business requirements in Power BI desktop.
Participated in the configuration of an on-premises Power BI gateway to refresh datasets of Power BI reports and dashboards.
Created complicated reports such as parameter-based reports, graphical reports, excel reports, drill-down charts and tabular reports using SSRS.
Created different data visualizations using Lines, Pies, Histograms, Maps, Scatter, and Bullets using Power BI.
Administrated and scheduled data-driven mailing subscriptions on SSRS Reporting Server.
Delivered reports with subscription functions in SSRS.
Generated and scheduled on-demand reports for business analyses and management decisions with SSRS.
Contact this candidate