Joshua Clark
201-***-****
adyvra@r.postjobfree.com
Objective: Seeking a challenging role where I can contribute to organizational success by delivering data-driven strategies, optimizing business performance, and driving informed decision-making through the power of Power BI.
Technical Skills:
Power BI – MS-PL 300 Certification June 2023 SQL Server (2012, 2014, 2016, 2017, 2019) Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, PowerPoint, Word) SQL Reporting/ETL Tools: SSIS, SSRS Experience:
Business Data Analyst + SQL/Power BI developer Aug 2021 – Apr 2023 NYC Technical Support Services, Inc
Client: 40+ location Skilled Nursing Facility, NY (100% Remote)
● Developed Interactive Power BI dashboards using multiple visuals, slicers, bookmarks, and Drill through functionalities
● Documented and detailed business requirements to set functional specifications for Dashboards and reports
● Built several complex dimensional data models and analytical reports, interactive reports, and Dashboards from the ground up in Power BI and SSRS 2016 based on business requirements to support executive needs.
● Worked with DAX Functions Such as SUMX, CALCULATE, ALLEXCEPT, FILTER, RANK, and Time intelligence functions to find figures such as revenue YTD and Year-over-Year KPIs.
● Designed user-friendly and well-designed Dashboards, Scorecards, and reports using multiple KPIs.
● Created alerts for urgent and dynamic metrics on KPIs and radial gauges
● Established in coordination with management and Data Engineer multiple security levels within solutions as needed for regulatory, financial, or audit purposes, utilizing both Row Level Security and Sensitivity labels.
● Transitioned reports in SSRS to dashboards and produced apps in Power BI to display desired data in a concise and highly accessible manner
● Audited and modified existing Power BI with a focus on improvement through the utilization of DAX to create measures and other calculations as needed
● Collaborated with the client’s data team and other stakeholders to engineer data solutions, including ETL/ELT processes
● Collaborated with Data Engineer to Create/modify Views, Stored Procedures, SSIS packages, and Agent jobs in SQL Server 2016 to move data from production databases to ODS/Warehouse
● Experience in creating Views, Constraints, Triggers, Joins, Temp Tables, Table Variables, Functions, and stored procedures consumed at various stages of migration/cleansing process, reports, or data validation.
● Collaborated with Data Engineer on common database tasks such as upgrade, backup, recovery, migrations
● Assistance in Data Analysis and documentation for data cleansing
● Provided skills training remotely and documentation for end users Page 1 of 3 Joshua Clark
Joshua Clark
201-***-****
adyvra@r.postjobfree.com
Corporate Security Guard/Supervisor Jan 2019 -Present Bsecure Security Services(Tenafly NJ)
● Supervised a security team of 30 guards, including training new and evaluating tenured officers.
● Point of contact for the client for implementing and upholding new security post protocols for the security team, ensuring officers were up-to-date with their certifications, in-house training, and security clearances.
● Performed shift leader responsibilities, supervised staff, and reported directly to upper management.
● Coordinated with event managers to design security plans to meet client needs.
● Acquired the necessary skills to utilize and instruct the security team on using an in-house business intelligence application.
● Extensive usage of a ticketing system to create, approve and appropriately escalate tickets revolving around the safety and security of the building.
● Provide a visible security presence in all areas of the location site to maintain a safe and secure environment for residents, staff, and guests.
● Conduct security patrols/checks of the building and internal and external surroundings to detect and deter any signs of suspicious activity or intrusion.
● Monitor and ensure the security cameras and locked doors for proper operation and function.
● Provided prompt, courteous, and knowledgeable assistance to visitors and staff.
● Operated phone switchboard, received/logged maintenance requests, and dispatched appropriate staff.
Personal Trainer/Front Desk Sep 2018 -Jan 2019
Kaplan JCC on the Palisades(Tenafly NJ)
● Determined desired goals to design tailored training programs
● Recommended dietary changes to achieve their goals and live healthier lives
● Provided numerous individualized training programs
● Demonstrated/trained in proper techniques to avoid injuries
● Shared techniques in an easy-to-digest manner with other trainers aiding in broadening their capacity to train others
● Strived to maintain a safe environment through the prevention of accidents by educating and assisting members with the proper use of workout equipment Junior Business Analyst Mar 2017 -Aug 2018
NYC Technical Support Services, Inc
Client: Federally Regulated consumer goods(Winston Salem, NC)
● Assisted in client meetings to detail process models and data models
● Documented pre-existing SQL Server Views, Stored Procs, SSIS packages, and Tables as per the structure provided by the Data Architect.
● Mapping/modeling several full physical data flows from source systems to reports.
● Assisted in designing and developing database schemas for the newly structured ODS/Data Warehouse, ensuring clean and efficient data storage and retrieval for reporting and analysis.
● Conducted data analysis to identify trends, patterns, and insights for business stakeholders, resulting in data-driven decision-making and improved operational efficiency.
● Provision of data samples from SQL Server for team/Data Architect use
● Assistance in the development of Data Governance documents and Data Models/diagrams Page 2 of 3 Joshua Clark
Joshua Clark
201-***-****
adyvra@r.postjobfree.com
● Wrote and executed SQL queries to extract, manipulate, and validate data, contributing to the overall data quality and accuracy.
● Participated in developing ETL processes using SSIS, facilitating seamless data integration between different systems.
● Assisted in creating reports and dashboards using SSRS, enabling data-driven decision-making for business stakeholders.
● Packaged data utilizing Power BI apps and the specifications received from senior analysts for convenience and practicality by the end viewer.
● Assisted in the documentation of interpretation of new Federal (FDA) and state regulations.
● Collaborated with team members to troubleshoot and resolve database-related issues, ensuring smooth system operations.
Assistant Office Manager Aug 2015 -Mar 2017
Impact ZoneFitness and Sports Performance(Norwood, NJ)
● Marketing communications with existing members and leading to an increase in gym memberships and class engagement
● Ensuring all aspects and fitness equipment of the gym were in good working order, clean, and sanitized before the daily opening
● Coordination and scheduling of maintenance staff and cleaning crew
● Maintained supply inventory and ordered supplies as needed
● Occasional front desk incoming client assistance and sales Client/Consulting Services Assistant Sep 2013 -July 2015 DreamWeb, Inc. (Fort Lee, NJ)
● Professionally represented the company by answering telephones and maintaining a professional demeanor.
● Managed reception duties, including welcoming clients and potential technicians during interviews.
● Maintained quality control records and consistently sought ways to enhance customer service.
● Managed active and passive client lists for follow-ups and corporate communication.
● Oversaw accounts payable files and diligently followed up on outstanding invoices.
● Conducted data entry in client management systems for accurate record keeping.
● Coordinated management and client meetings at shared workspace facilities.
● Proactively investigated potential client leads and new business opportunities.
● Efficiently managed the booking calendar for 15+ technicians.
● Utilized in-house CRM system to ensure successful customer service operations.
● Proficiently used Microsoft Excel, Word, and PowerPoint for client and internal communications.
● Designed and developed PowerPoint presentations for engaging client meetings. Education and Certification
Microsoft PL-300 Power BI data analyst June 2023
A.A. in Psychology from Bergen Community College 2021
Phi Theta Kappa Honor Society Member
Page 3 of 3 Joshua Clark
Contact this candidate