MAX NANHTHAVONGSA

Power BI Developer /Data Analyst 661-***-**** adyyae@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Summary
Highly dedicated, goal driven and motivated IT professional with over 6 years of robust experience identifying business requirements, driving process improvement, and designing IT solutions that potentiates business growth. Determines operational objectives by studying business functions, information gathering, evaluating output requirements as well as formats. Well vexed in performing multiple duties in data analysis, ETL development, data modeling and visual analytics leveraging Tableau.
Skills

Work History
Power BI Developer /Data Analyst 08/2019 - 12/2022
Best Buy– Remote/ Dallas TX
Interacted with Strategic Development Team, Business analyst and Nurse Managers to analyze business needs and develop technical specifications.
Created operational reports for stakeholders using Power BI desktop.
Experienced in requirement gathering/analysis, design, development, testing, and production rollover of reporting and analysis projects.
Developed actionable dashboards in Power BI Desktop and published them in Power BI Service.
Experience working with key performance indicators and metrics in finance, sales, inventory, and other areas.
Developing high level analysis reports and data visualization with Power BI desktop.
Wrote advanced SQL queries to retrieve data/records from disparate tables by using Joins, Table.
Expressions and used concepts like Explain, Stats, Cast and volatile tables on SQL server.
Use SQL to develop Inline table value functions, views to create result sets to meet different reporting requirements.
Provide multiple database services for our clients including database analysis, data translation, data archival and automated database processing and interpretation.
Wrote complex SQL queries by using advanced SQL concepts like Group by and OLAP, aggregate functions and Sub-queries.
Generated Power BI Dashboards with Report, Page level and visualization filters, calculated fields and parameters on bI reports.
Used Pivot tables to create reports that did dicing and slicing functions on data.
This is called dimensional analysis and provides a 360 view of what is going on.
Experience in Service Now PowerON,Dynamic 365 and Azure DevOps to assign tickets to accomplish various tasks.
Accomplishments: Experienced in requirement gathering/analysis, design, development, testing and production rollover of reporting and analysis projects.
Power BI Developer 04/2017 - 08/2019
Walgreens – Chicago IL
Experienced with the design and development of Power BI visualization solutions.
Prepared high level analysis reports with Excel and Power BI.
Develop dashboards and visualizations that empower business insight and helps in decision making.
Efficiently manage time for timely project deadlines as well as project report and ad hoc requests.
Prepared high level analysis reports with Power BI desktop Application, SSRS and Excel.
Involved in business requirement gathering and translating them into clear and concise specifications and queries for the end user.
Generated Tableau Dashboard with quick/context/global filters, parameters and calculated fields on Tableau reports.
Experienced in creating various views in Power bi model (Power-maps, area charts, bar charts column charts,combo charts pie charts doughnut charts, funnel charts, gauge charts, scatter charts, bubble charts, waterfall charts,etc).
Created and developed Parameterized, Drill Down and AD Hoc Reports using SQL Server 2014 Reports Services (SSRS).
Strong ability in developing SQL queries to extract, manipulate, and/or calculate information to fulfill data and reporting requirements including identifying the tables and columns from which data is extracted.
Used Pivot tables to create reports that did dicing and slicing functions on data.
Worked on motion chart, Bubble chart, drill down analysis using tableau desktop.
Generated advanced Tableau dashboards that allowed business to track and improve customer units KPI.
Accomplishments : Experienced in requirement gathering/analysis, design, development, testing and production rollover of reporting and analysis projects Technical Skills Data Analysis & Reporting Data Visualization.
Data Analyst/Tableau Developer 01/2015 - 04/2017
First Bank – Apex, NC
Actively involved in data extraction, data cleaning, and setup/prepare workspace, update/modify SQL codes and perform calibration and generated outputs.
Performed data migration between different environments and Third-Party Databases.
Use Industry Best Practices when configuring metrics, dashboards, reports, and forms.
Develop and maintain reporting using MS Excel queries and SQL.
Develop database objects like tables, views, procedures, triggers, and functions using T-SQL to provide definition, structure and to maintain data efficiently.
Collected and analyzed data on current and prospective customers.
Worked on data profiling, data analysis and validating the reports sent to third party.
Experience with the design and development of Tableau visualization solutions.
Reporting, Execute and distribute basic data reports to report on daily metrics, and satisfy user requests.
High level SQL experience developing tables, organizing data, running queries in an enterprise level setting.
Ensure accuracy of all data analyses, reports and other deliverables by conducting thorough quality control checks and resolving discrepancies.
Creating specifications for reports and analysis based on business needs.
Proven ability to address and solve problems in a creative, innovative, timely and decisive manner.
Developed standard SQL Queries to perform data validation and created excel summary reports (Pivot tables and Charts).
Generated advanced Tableau dashboards that allowed business to track and improve customer units KPI.
Develop various dashboards in tableau, used context filters, parameters, bins, table calculations, LOD and sets while dealing with huge volumes of data.

Education
University of Texas at Arlington BS Information Systems
Contact this candidate