Rikin Patel
Email - adzp3u@r.postjobfree.com Number - 732-***-****
Professional Summary
Highly motivated Power BI developer with around 6 years of IT experience having multiple skill set and extensive working experience in data warehousing and Business.
Intelligence Technologies with expertise in SQL Server development, MSBI stack (TSQL, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS), Azure, Power BI for building, deploying, and managing applications and services through a global network of Microsoft - managed data centers.
Experience in writing TSQL (DDL, DML AND DCL), developing/creating new database objects such as tables, views, indexes, complex stored procedures, function (UDF), cursors, and triggers, locking issues, BCP, common table expressions (CTEs).
Experienced in client requirement analysis, physical, logical design, development, debugging, testing, deployment, and maintenance of business applications using SQL Server, SSIS and SSRS.
Expert in generating on-demand and scheduled reports for business analysis or management decision using SQL Servers Reporting Services (SSRS), Tableau and POWER BI.
Periodic reporting is done on a daily, weekly, monthly, and quarterly basis, which helps the client.
Experienced in client requirement analysis, physical, logical design, development, debugging, testing, deployment, support, and maintenance of business applications using SQL Server 2014/2012/2008/2005, SSIS and SSRS 2005/2008/2012/2014/2016.
Expert on maintaining and managing Tableau and POWER BI-driven reports and dashboards.
Developed the Canvas application in Power Apps to automate the manual data entry application.
Responsible for creating Power BI reports and deploying it to Power BI Services.
Responsible for building reports in Power BI from the Scratch.
Expert database engineer, NoSQL and relational data modelling using Microsoft SQL Server.
Extensive knowledge of data warehouse methodologies.
Strong ability to analyze user requirements, Business Requirement
Specifications.
Hands on Experience in optimizing the queries by creating various clustered, non-clustered indexes and indexed views.
Extensive knowledge in Tuning T-SQL queries to improve the database performance.
Performed data migration using tools like Data import/export and BCP between different heterogeneous systems and SQL Server.
Designed and developed a new ETL/SSIS package that loads data from OLTP into our existing Data Warehouse based on technical specifications and business requirements.
Involved in creating Jobs, SQL Mail Agent, Alerts and Scheduled DTS/SSIS Packages.
Adept in creating Ad-hoc, Crosstab, Drill-down and Sub-Report using RDL in SSRS.
Experienced in creating Report Models, generating Reports for business analysis and management purposes using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).
Work History
Power BI Developer, 03/2021 - Current
Centene Corporation – Remote NJ
Designed, developed, and tested various Power BI and Tableau visualizations for dashboard and ad-hoc reporting solutions by connecting from different data sources and databases.
Experience in creating Power BI reports using PL/SQL server and Oracle Databases
Wrote T-SQL (DDL and DML) queries, stored procedures and used them to build packages and handled slowly changing dimensions to maintain the history of the data.
Used DAX functions to create measure and calculated fields to analyze data for logical visualization and used Power Queries to transform the data.
Expertise in generating reports using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) 2014/ 2005
Primarily involved in Data Migration using SQL, SQL Azure, Azure storage, and Azure Data Factory, SSIS, PowerShell
Superior involvement in developing reports and dashboards from multiple data sources such as on-premises and cloud using Power BI desktop.
Build GSHS Reports in Power BI from scratch.
Developed forecasting App using Power Apps and employed Power Automate to send emails to users.
Experienced in Agile Methodologies like attending daily Scrums, maintaining User.
Stories and Burn down Charts, Backlog Grooming and Retrospective
Created custom fully automated solution using Windows PowerShell to export individual mailboxes from the Exchange environment and save them as separate PST files (Confidential)
Used star and snowflake schema in designing cubes for creating SSAS packages.
Created dashboard for school system financial information which includes revenue and expenditure by district.
Developed applications in Qlik Sense Desktop and shared the apps with the team through Qlik Sense Cloud, showcased stories and presented dashboards to business users and cross functional teams.
Developed data capture and navigation desktop and mobile apps in Microsoft Power apps that connect.
Published reports and visualizations to Power BI Services and thereby created dashboards.
Used Machine learning using “Python-Programming Language” for converting different language text to English for analysis.
Implemented several DAX functions for various fact calculations for efficient data visualization in Power BI
Designed, developed, and tested the ETL strategy to populate data from multiple source systems.
Used various sources to pull data into Power BI such as SQL Server, oracle.
Used advanced features of T-SQL to design and tune T-SQL to interface in azure.
Designed Cubes with star schema and snowflake schema in SSAS and Executing
Analysis Services Processing Task in SSIS for processing cubes in packages
Developed POWER BI Ad hoc reports on top Existing Teradata data warehouse.
Data migration from SQL to AWS building out a data warehouse.
Using a query editor in Power BI performed certain operations like fetching data from different file
Developed and published reports and dashboards using Power BI and written effective DAX formulas and expressions.
Effectively visualized data (dashboards, reports, etc.) in QlikView, Qlik Sense and Micro Strategy for different business users and requirement
Utilized Power Query in Power BI to Pivot and Un-pivot the data model for data cleansing and data massaging.
Implementing SSRS solutions, used dashboards and gauges to enhance for the business users.

Environment: MS SQL Server 2012/2008, Aws, SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) T-SQL, Export Data, Python, Oracle Warehouse Builder SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS), Power BI Service Pro, SQL Server Migration Assistant (SSMA), 11G, SQL
Power BI Developer, 12/2019 - 02/2021
Nationwide Insurance - Chicago, IL
Generated periodic reports based on the statistical analysis of the data from various time frames and division using power pivot, power query, power view.
Developed and maintained SSIS Packages to integrate with different resources like MySQL, Oracle, SQL Server, Teradata, Flat files.
Published Qlik Sense workbooks onto Qlik Sense test server and production server.
Automated Contract expiration notification system using Microsoft Power Automate
Generated ad-hoc reports in Excel Power Pivot and shared them using Power BI to the decision makers for strategic planning.
Expert in Tabular Modelling, Multi-Dimensional Cubes, DAX and MDX (SSAS)
Cassandra and PostgreSQL databases on a large scale
As a part of Power BI Administration, configured Usage metrics, Users, Audit logs, Tenant settings, Dashboard settings, Power BI Apps settings, Power BI premium and Premium Capacity settings.
Created data marts and multi-dimensional models like Star schema and Snowflake schema.
Strong development skills with Azure Data Lake, Azure Data Factory, SQL Data Warehouse, Azure Storage Explorer
Created PowerShell scripts to constantly monitor the health of the Exchange messaging infrastructure and notify my teammates or myself in the event of a problem.
Developed Power Apps app using Share point and SQL as data sources.
Used SQL Profiler for troubleshooting, monitoring, and optimization of SQL.
Server and non-production database code as well as T-SQL code from developers and QA
Gathering the requirements and writing the ad-hoc SQL query batches to update the data and metadata for delta and history loads.
Used SQL Loader to load data from legacy system and developed PL/SQL programs to dump the data from the staging tables to the interface tables and concurrent programs to get data into oracle base tables.
Created Power BI reports by using Joins in multiple tables from multiples database using complex SQL queries.
Designed a Power BI data model with multiple fact tables and dimensions depending on the business requirements.
Experience in custom visuals and groups creation in Power BI
Experience in scheduling refresh of Power BI reports, hourly and on-demand
Expertise in creating PL/SQL server Reports using SSRS 2008

Environment: MS SQL Server 2008R2, T-SQL, SQL Profiler, Aws, Visual Studio (2012), Power Bi Desktop, Team Foundation Server (2012), MS Analysis Services 2005, MS Reporting Services, MS Access, Import & Export Data, Oracle Warehouse Builder, Power Bi Desktop, Power Bi pro, Source Control Management System Windows X
Power BI Developer, 05/2017 - 11/2019
Synchrony Financial – STAMFORD, CT
Used Power BI to create customized, on-demand reports & ad-hoc reports from Excel and involved in the automation process of the reports from the Corporate Data Models
Worked as Data Analyst to identify the sources and model the data for reporting.
Worked in the Agile Methodology using the Microsoft VSTS leveraging Scrum.
Process to finish the tasks in the Sprint time frame.
Used Power BI's power query and power pivot functionality to transform and model the data.
Designed and developed Power BI graphical solutions as per business objectives
Implemented several DAX functions for various fact calculations for efficient data visualization.
Used time intelligence functions for time series analysis.
Installed and configured enterprise gateway & personal gateway in Power BI
Services to keep dashboards and reports up to date.
Worked on Key Performance Indicators (KPIs), design of star schema and snowflake schema in Analysis Services (SSAS)
Extracted data from Oracle, DB2, AS400, PL/SQL Server, Flat Files, Excel, and XML using SSIS and cleansed the data.
Implemented Row Level Security
Designed various Landing pages related to different functions of the Product.
Line pointing to relevant dashboards using the specified templates.
Involved in troubleshooting, resolving and validating data to improve data quality.
Trained business users on leveraging reports and dashboards
Developed Analysis documentation for future for developers.

Environment: Power BI Desktop, SQL, MS Excel, Power BI Service Pro, (S3, IAM Redshift) MS SQL Server 2008R2, T-SQL, Source Control Management System Windows SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS), Export Data, SQL Server Migration Assistant (SSMA) Oracle Warehouse Builder Data warehouse.
EDUCATION

Bachelors in Computer Engineering & Technology – New Jersey Institute of Technology
Microsoft Technical Associate: OS Fundamentals.
Contact this candidate