Tejaswini Mogal
Email : lkarff@r.postjobfree.com
Phone : 713-***-****

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

Certified SAS professional with 3+ years work experience in analysis, design, development, testing, and implementation of Business Analytics projects using SAS software. Hands on experience and thorough understanding of SAS Enterprise Business Intelligence toolset and its configuration on windows platform.
Worked with Retail, Banking, Educational and Healthcare domains.
Extensive exposure on every step of entire software development life cycle (SDLC) including data collection, query, modifying and analysis, coding statistical models, summarizing the findings, and presenting the results. Command in importing and exporting complex internal data to and from Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Access using PROC IMPORT and PROC EXPORT.
Proficient in SAS v9.1/9.1.3/9.2 and strong experience in Base SAS, SAS/Stat, SAS/Graph, SAS/Macro, SAS/ODS, SAS/Access, and SAS/SQL under Windows environment. Solid understanding of data cleansing, data management and data processing techniques like merging, concatenating, interleaving, appending of SAS datasets and data validation using Proc Compare and Proc Freq.
Good understanding of SAS functions like Character functions, Date functions and familiar with Formats and Informats.
Thorough experience in extracting data from various disparate data sources like (xls, csv, txt) files, Oracle, SQL Server, MS-Access, etc. Ability to analyze & process data using various SAS procedures such as utility procedures, report procedures, statistical procedures.
Strong experience in SAS Enterprise guide in creating stored processes using the dynamic prompts containing both packaging or streaming output, and prepared reports using ODS.
Well versed with platform for SAS Business Analytics typically client tier consisting of SAS Enterprise guide, SAS Add-in for Microsoft Office, SAS Information Map Studio, SAS OLAP Cube Studio and middle tier consisting of SAS Information Delivery Portal, SAS Web Report Studio, SAS Stored Process Web Application, SAS Content server and SAS BI dashboards.
SAS Management Console used to create the metadata libraries and also for password administration.
Ability to work efficiently in both independent and team environments, worked with Project Managers, Team Members / Associates, Statisticians, Business Analysts to analyze survey data for generating Tables, Listing Outputs and Customized Graphs.
Possess excellent communication, problem solving skills. Reputed for dedicated teamwork, solid work ethic and Commitment to achieving various Goals and key objectives as set forth by senior management of the company.

PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATES

Base Programmer for SAS 9
Introduction to Oracle 9i: SQL
Microsoft Certified .Net Framework 2.0 – Web-Based Client Development
Microsoft Certified Developing & Implementing Web Applications with Visual C# .NET and Visual Studio.NET

EDUCATION

Master’s Degree in Management Information Systems, University of Houston- Clear Lake. December 2009
GPA: 3.83/4.0
Bachelor’s Degree in Electronics & Telecommunication Engineering, India. August 2006

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Base SAS Data Step, SAS procedures, Formats, Informats, Macros, Data _Null_ Reports, SAS Functions, Descriptive Statistics, SAS ODS, Arrays
SAS Procedures Append, Compare, Chart, Contents, Datasets, Copy, Export, Format, Freq, Import, Means, Print, Print to, SQL, Sort, Summary, Tabulate, Transpose and Univariate.
Databases Oracle9i/10g, MS-Access, MS-Excel, SQL Server
SAS Products Base SAS, SAS/Access, SAS/Connect, SAS/Share, SAS/Graph, SAS-ODS SAS Add-in for MS-office, SAS Enterprise Guide, SAS Enterprise Business Intelligence, SAS Management Console, SAS Information Map Studio, SAS Data Integration Studio, SAS OLAP Cube Studio, SAS Application Servers, SAS Web Report Studio, SAS Information Delivery Portal, SAS BI Dashboard & JMP.
Operating Systems Windows XP, 2003, Vista and UNIX
Programming Languages SAS, ASP.NET, C, C++, SQL, Java Script, HTML, XML

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

1-800-FLOWERS 07/11-Present
Role: SAS BI Developer
1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. is the world's leading florist and gift shop. For more than 30 years, it has been providing customers with fresh flowers and the finest selection of plants, gift baskets, gourmet foods, confections, balloons and plush stuffed animals perfect for every occasion. I am currently working on Data Mart project and Florist Metrics reporting project in Business Intelligence department under IT.
Responsibilities:
Reviewing business requirements for standard reporting.
Working on SAS Business Intelligence (BI) platform to drive the automation of standardized analytics.
Generating SAS EG stored processes with static and dynamic prompts for product-specific analyses. Modifying existing codes for improvement in the performance.
Advanced Querying using SAS Enterprise Guide, calculating computed columns, using filter, manipulate and prepare data for Reporting, Graphing, and Summarization, statistical analysis, finally generating SAS datasets.
Pulling the data in SAS using Proc SQL and refreshing the data mart on weekly basis.
Importing SAS datasets, OLAP Cubes in SAS Information Map Studio .Using instructions on how to access and combine relational Data tables, calculating new data items, created multiple pre-defined filters.
Building Quick Reports from Web Report Studio using Information maps, create filters, graphs, and customize reports.
Refreshing the SAS data marts on weekly basis for different brands. Scheduling different process using SAS DI studio scheduler and crontab scheduler.
Importing all Reports from web report studio, Stored Process, BI Dashboard and Information Map to Information Delivery Portal.
Creating new SAS reports for the Bloomlink users as per the requirements.
Currently working on a project for Florist Metrics, which involves importing from the Oracle database, cleansing, analyzing and validating data once it is loaded in SAS data set and building various reports according to the business requirements.
Managing the datasets and making them available on the server using the SAS Management Console, so that the datasets can be used as inputs for creating the Information maps..
Creating Information maps using the Information Map Studio, and further creating the Web Reports using the Information maps as the input through the Web report Studio, and later make these web reports available on the Information Delivery Portal.
Creating the OLAP cubes using the OLAP cube studio and refreshing the cubes on a weekly basis and later make these cubes available on the Information Delivery Portals for use by the business end-users.
Environment: SAS 9.1.3, SAS/CONNECT, SAS Macros, SAS/ACCESS, Oracle 10g , Windows 7, MS Office, HTML, SAS Enterprise Guide , SAS Stored Processes Web Application, SAS Web Report Studio, SAS Information Map Studio , SAS Information Delivery Portal, SAS OLAP Cube Studio, SAS BI Dashboard, SAS Enterprise BI Server, Greenplum.

CSC, Raleigh, North Carolina 02/11-07/11
Role: SAS BI Developer (NC-MMIS Project)

Responsiblities:
Working on the Development phase of the project.
Data entry into the DB2 database using Mainframes (TSO).
Data extraction from the DB2 database using SAS Enterprise guide.
Extensively worked with data transformation (Arrays, Transpose, etc)
Created and maintained SAS datasets using Set, Merge, Sort, Formats and Functions to create tables, listings, pdf’s and excel reports, also, extensively using Proc SQL for data manipulations.
Data analysis and reports created using various SAS procedures and SAS/Macros facility used for code re-usability.
Working knowledge on the various team centers included in the NCMMIS project namely – Managed Care, Claims, Financial Transaction, Financial Claims, Pend Resolution, Prior Approval, Reference, Third Party Liability.
Produced various reports based on frequency – On-Demand, Daily, Weekly, Monthly, Annually, Checkwrite cycles, etc. Extensively used SAS ODS to create the PDF and EXCEL reports.
Used Data _NULL_ and Proc Report for report creation depending on the complexity of the report.
Created Unit test plans for documenting the results, cover-sheet and the complete code documentation.
Also engaged in SAS peer code review, after completing every code, and checked for SQL standards and complete documentation and maintained a record on the share-point.
Creatively worked on reports using various logics and creating a report with same conclusions.

Environment: SAS/BASE, SAS/MACROS, SAS/ACCESS, SAS/STAT, SAS/SQL, SAS/ODS, MS-OFFICE, SAS Enterprise Guide, Windows, UNIX, MVS/TSO (for inserting and updating the records.)

J P Morgan Chase & Co., Columbus, Ohio 05/10-11/10
Role: SAS Engineer

Responsibilities:
Extracted data from Oracle database (warehouse).
Prepared new datasets and modified existing datasets using Set, Merge, Sort, Update, Formats and Functions and created Tables and Listings for the same.
Also created and maintained SAS datasets that are extracted from an Oracle Database using SAS/ACCESS for ORACLE and extensively used Proc SQL to manipulate the data.
Used Proc SQL (Pass-Through) method and Proc Append (Bulkcopy) methods to write statistical analysis results to the ORACLE database.
Converted Excel tables and flat (text) files into SAS datasets for Ad-Hoc analysis.
Data analysis, reports using SAS procedures and SAS/Macros.
Used SAS/STAT to create different statistical reports as required.
Extensively used various SAS Data Step functions, SAS procedures, and SQL to write reports logics for SAS Stored Processes.
SAS Enterprise Guide was used to convert existing SAS programs to SAS stored processes using dynamic prompts and produced packaging and streaming outputs as required.
SAS Management console used to create metadata libraries.
Developing SAS Stored Processes that can be easily used by end users using SAS Add-in for Microsoft Office and other SAS BI clients from SAS Information Delivery Portal.
Worked independently on multiple work orders to create ad-hoc reports and also automated few of the reports to obtain monthly reports.
Worked as a key member (team of 4 members) on the migration project. Was responsible for transferring the PC- SAS QA environment jobs to the new UNIX production environment and prepared documentation for the same.
Worked on scheduling the jobs and also monitored the jobs in the production environment.
These jobs were scheduled using the vi-crontab scheduler in order to run the jobs on the required time basis to create daily, weekly and monthly reports and sent via email to the requestors under different LOB’s.
Worked on encrypting the SAS codes using 7-zip and password encryption in the production environment and automated these jobs on daily, weekly and monthly basis.
Worked independently on maintain the historical finance related data into SAS datasets, such that it was used in creating stored procedures and also extracted using Microsoft ad-ins (Excel).
Assisted in performing the high level testing (UAT testing) which involved testing and evaluating the results obtained from the queries on Oracle database and the EDW database.
Worked on the EDW migration, developed a SAS code for one of the jobs to create monthly reports, that extracted data from the DB2 database, using the pass-through statement.
Environment: SAS/BASE, SAS/MACROS, SAS/ACCESS, SAS/STAT, SAS/SQL, ORACLE, MS-OFFICE, Windows, UNIX.

Caiser Technologies, Inc. 01/10-05/10
Role: Research Intern

Responsibilities:
Developed SAS programs to load data from the source and create study specific datasets using DATA Step statement.
Queried data from host and moved data set across platforms (from PC to UNIX and Vice Versa) using SQL and PROC SQL Pass through Facility to work with Oracle
Supported and enhanced existing SAS programs, which create SAS data sets and other data files.
Developed new or modify macros for report generation using SAS / Macros as per the statistician’s requirements. Developed SAS programs for statistical analyses using different procedures such as Means, Freq and Univariate.
Studied specific datasets, which are used as source datasets for report generating Programs.
Used PROC tabulate/PROC reports & standardized reporting programs into macros.
Generated interactive reports which included various graphs using plot and chart procedures.

Environment: SAS/BASE, SAS Macros, SAS/ACCESS, SAS/SQL, SAS/CONNECT, Oracle

Department of Decision Science (Quantitative Management),
University of Houston-Clear Lake, Houston, TX. 09/08-12/09
Role: Statistical Analyst

I worked on various projects for Department of Decision Science at University of Houston-Clear Lake. My role was to design and execute programs to create data sets, perform statistical analysis and assist research team in interpretation of the results and to produce reports.
Responsibilities:
Responsible for writing, modifying and maintaining SAS programs to produce data sets, summary tables, figures and data listings for research projects.
Applied experimental design, test of significance, analysis of variance, multiple comparison techniques and data reduction to various data sets utilized.
Extracted data from database in flat files or excel spread sheets and transformed into SAS data sets for further analysis.
Utilized SAS for manipulation and statistical analysis of large data sets to identify trends, relationships and statistical significance.
Performed data analysis mainly using MS-EXCEL for Regression and ANOVA
Performed statistical data analysis, generated reports, listings and graphs using SAS/Base, SAS/Macros, SAS/SQL, SAS/Access and SAS/Graph.
Worked with procedures such as SQL, FREQ, SORT, REPORT and MEANS as per the requirements.
Created reports in the style format (RTF, PDF and HTML) using ODS statements.
Developed reports using PROC REPORT, PROC TABULATE and DATA _NULL_.
Worked extensively with MS-Excel, using pivot tables and creating OLAP cubes.
Assisted in creating Stored Processes using SAS Enterprise Guide, Information Maps using Information Map Studio, Web Reports using Web Report Studio and Information Delivery Portals.

Environment: SAS/BASE, SAS/MACRO, SAS/STAT, SAS/GRAPH, SAS/SQL, SAS/ACCESS, SAS/Enterprise Guide, MS EXCEL (data analysis tool), Windows.

REFERENCES: Furnished upon request.
Contact this candidate