PROFESSIONAL PROFILE

An initiative-taking Information Security Analyst with over seven (7) years of experience in information and system security, implementing and ensuring the security posture of the network environment while protecting organizational assets. Applying policies and technical controls recommended by the best industry guides such as NIST and RMF process to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of data. Familiar with managing and mitigating risks and vulnerabilities using modern tools, acquired skills, and best industry practices and guidelines such as the NIST SP 800 series and RMF process to protect and ensure the security posture of information systems and data.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Cybersecurity Management and Policy July 2020 University of Maryland Global Campus Adelphi, MD

CERTIFICATIONS
CompTIA Security + CE
CompTIA CySA+

SKILLS
Knowledge of DISA Security Technical Information Guides, RMF, NIST SP 800-53, Vulnerability Tools, and other applicable DoD Cybersecurity policies
Experience developing cybersecurity documentation, Plan of Actions & Milestones (POAM), enterprise mission assurance support service (eMASS) submissions, and system security engineering efforts.
Experience with DoD, NIST policies and procedures to include FIPS 199, FIPS 200, and other applicable policies.
Experience with federal policies and procedures to acquire and maintain an Information System's Authority to Operate (ATO) under FISMA Act following NIST 800-53 guidelines and NIST-800-53a security controls assessment practices.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

MANAV Consulting Group July 2020 - Present
Information Assurance
Perform DoD Risk Management Framework (RMF) in accordance with DoD 8510 to ascertain information systems' security posture by utilizing security control validation activities and coordinating security testing.
Ensures the integrity and protection of networks, systems, and applications by technical enforcement of organizational security policies, through monitoring of vulnerability scanning devices.
Ensure appropriate Secure Technical Implementation Guidelines (STIGs) are maintained.
Perform System Security Authorization and related IA continuous monitoring tasks across multiple customers owned and managed systems.
Work closely with internal and external cyber security in maintaining continued FISMA compliance, Maintain and coordinate remediation efforts through plans of action and milestones (POA&M)
Analyze system weaknesses identified during system security assessments and the related mitigation plans.

Virginia Hospital Center August 2013 – July 2020
IT Help Desk Technician

Utilize Remedy ticketing system to manage customer requests.
Install, modify, and repair computer hardware and software.
Resolve technical problems with Local Area Networks (LAN), Wide Area Networks (WAN), and other systems.
Install computer peripherals for users.
Provide technical and troubleshooting support to staff and patients on hardware and software.
Perform diagnostics and troubleshooting of system issues, document help desk tickets/solutions, and maintain equipment inventory lists.
Run reports to determine malfunctions that continue to occur.
Initiate audit process to evaluate the thoroughness of documentation and maintenance of facility standards.
Contact this candidate