LEMUEL
MUSSINGTON
470-***-****
ad0qoq@r.postjobfree.com
GA USA

Certified individual with excellent GRC skills and a bachelor’s degree in computer science. Hopeful for the position of Senior Information Security Analyst-Cyber Security, to utilize 5 years information security experience. Bringing advanced risk management skills, including expertise in compliance maturity, certification attestation, vendor risk management, vulnerability management, and control assessment.

EDUCATION

The College Of New Rochelle, New Rochelle, NY

Bachelor of Science in Computer Science

CERTIFICATION
CompTIA Security+

CISA (In Progress)

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

February 2017 – Present
Information Security Analyst
Verizon –GA, USA

Helped business unit elaborate and identify internal control process.
Manually reviewed policies and procedures and provided documentation guidelines to process owners and management.
Developed and maintained compliance maturity project.
Develop strong relationship with critical vendors to ensure seamless audits.
Ensure vendor adherence to contractual/regulatory compliance to minimize risk to the organization.
Ensure that employees adhere to information security awareness, comply to security policies, and handle security tasks related to my areas of duties.
Ensure that all possible means of remediation are explored before accepting a risk.
Conducted the IT internal risk assessment and documented key gaps identified.
Conduct control mapping related to NIST, GDPR, ISO27001, and SOC2 compliance, privacy and controls activities.
Define, execute and maintain a framework for IT Compliance management including validation and classification methods.
Plan, design and execute IT compliance testing, controls assessment and documentation across all domains for IT General Controls, NIST, Data Privacy, ISO27001 and other compliance requirements, as appropriate.
Provided expertise on IT-Security policies and guidelines, best practice approaches and solutions for compliance.
Planned security standards/compliance assessment projects based on industry standards.
Monitored compliance with organization's information security policies and procedures.
Documented results and presented findings to technical staff and management alike.
Provided security expertise and guidance in support of security assessments.
Ensured cyber security policies are adhered to and that required controls are implemented and facilitated continuous monitoring system.
Worked hand in hand with the team to have a proper artifact collection and brief to clients examples of artifacts that will satisfy external audit requirements.
Recommended security improvements, to achieve systems confidentiality, integrity, and availability.

February 2014 – January 2017
Compliance Security Analyst
Coca Cola – GA USA

Works within and develop improvements related to the defined vendor management processes, tools, and best practices.
Assists management in the evaluation of new technology service providers and third-party service providers.
Manages and tracks vendors from onboarding, to ad hoc, and offboarding in vendor management system.
Coordinate and perform vendor reviews to comply with vendor performance management program.
Develops, implements, monitors and reports performance measures that demonstrate value and ensure vendor performance.
Provide recommendations to remediate control gaps and assist with project management on remediation efforts.
Develop and maintain currency of supporting procedures and documentation to provide a reference source for ensuring consistency of future activities.
Provided internal security consulting for product development and operations of services across organization. Worked with internal groups on their projects to help them achieve their goals while.
Contributed to and participated in business continuity planning and verification.
Facilitated changes in the overall organizational policies to ensure alignment with the industry standards.
Subject matter expert to provide GRC guidance and interpretation of rules, regulations, risks, and best practices.

ADDITIONAL SKILLS

Compliance Maturity
TPRM
External Audits
Internal Audits
Contact this candidate