Atanas Hambard

Astoria, NY 934-***-**** ad0top@r.postjobfree.com
SKILLS
Knowledge and understanding of Cisco products and networking (TCP/IP, OSI model, LAN/WAN, cabling and data transmission types, network topologies, routing protocols, and remote access methods).
Comfortable to work closely with several teams within the Information Services area as well with the business team.
Experience in core security, cloud computing, or infrastructure technologies, with expertise in designing, implementing, managing, and securing cloud-based applications and infrastructure.
Ability to manage ambiguity, risk, and changing direction of projects and strategies.
Exceptional written and oral communication skills, including the ability to communicate technical information to a non-technical audience and with executive levels. Relationship management skills.ntinel

EXPERIENCE

12/21-03/23 Teacher Federal Credit Union Information Security Analyst

Assist in the architecture, implementation, management, and enhancement of technical security capabilities – IPS/IDS, DLP, IAM, SIEM,EDR, XDR etc.
Design, configure and optimize of Proofpoint Suite of Products for email gateway (Proofpoint Protection Server, PSAT, Secure Share, TAP/TRAP, PSAT (Security Awareness and Education Program).
Monitor IDS alerts, suspicious emails, network logs, and system audit logs for anomalous activities.
Provide security incidents and response support, as needed.
Analyze internal and external threats/vulnerabilities and coordinate appropriate remediation efforts with other internal stakeholders.
Develop and implement SIEM (Azure Sentinel,Splunk)use cases, to support the monitoring of Teachers’ network infrastructure, and handle escalations with managed service providers.
Prepare and maintain up to date documentation details including standard operating procedures of deployed technical solutions.
Implemented various SAML integrations for IDP/SP provider using Okta.
Designed and architected Rapid7 Vulnerability scans and vulnerability management.
Proficient in Jira for streamlined case management, ensuring efficient issue tracking collaboration and resolution.

06/2020- 09/2021 Central Cooperative Bank SOC Analyst

• Utilized SIEM tools (Splunk,Qradar) to monitor and analyze security alerts and logs for enabling the identification of potential security incidents and threats.
• Ingest logs from various apps, including web servers, application servers, and database servers, using Splunk's forwarders and connectors.
• Assist the team of senior engineers with logs parsing utilizing regex and other functionalities.
• Monitored endpoint(Crowdstrike) security solution to protect over 1000 endpoints from malware, ransomware, and zero-day attacks.
• Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including legal, network and system personnel to contain and mitigate security breaches quickly and effectively.
• Maintain network security technologies, including firewall rule sets (Cisco ASA, Fortinet ) and security policies to safeguard network infrastructure.
• Defined, racked, and reported on KPIs related to vulnerability management, including time-to-remediation, vulnerability reduction, and patching compliance, resulting in over 60% decrease in critical vulnerability within te first quarter.

07/2019-03/2020 Flushing Bank Information Security Analyst

Conducted vulnerability scanning on internal and external systems to identify and remediate vulnerabilities using Nessus and Qualys.
Performed hands-on vulnerability management on all enterprise infrastructure with comprehensive understanding of different stages of remediation with critical business assets and with respective application owners.
Proactively implemented and maintained security protocols, ensuring adherence to SOC 2, ISO 27001, and other compliance frameworks
Create Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and training documents when needed.
Investigated malicious phishing emails, domains, IPs using security tools and recommended proper blocking based on analysis.
Served as the SME (Subject Matter Expert) on all vulnerabilities.
Contributed to the research, selection and implementation of alternative security technology solutions to reduce costs, improve performance and/ or meet updated requirements.
Proficiently conducts risk assessments, audits, and technical evaluations to detect vulnerabilities.

01/2019-06/2019 Card Works Financial Services Network Security Analyst

Participated in the design and deployment of a comprehensive SIEM architecture (Splunk Enterprise) to support real-time security monitoring operations.
Monitored and managed corporate Anti-Virus, Anti-Malware, EDR(Crowdstrike Falcon) security stack.
Managed proxy service for organization policy application and block IOC.
Provided support on network security issues and responds security incidents. Worked with senior staff to support/manage cyber security incidents.
Performed network traffic analysis using raw packet data, network flow, Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS), and custom sensor output from communication network.
Assisted with the development of processes and procedures to improve incident response times and analysis of incidents.
Conducted Security Awareness Program and monitored performance on phishing campaign for employee education training with Knowbe4.

9/2018-12/2018 Cybersecurity Workforce Alliance Information Security Intern

3/2017-3/2018 The Computer Store Help Desk Technician

EDUCATION

Baruch College Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Information systems

Platform by Per Scholas (SOC) Security Operations Center Analyst Training Program

IBM Cybersecurity Analyst course by Coursera

CERTIFICATIONS: eCIR, CompTIA CASP, CompTIA Security+, Splunk User, Splunk Power User
Contact this candidate