STEPHANIE IDIKA
832-***-**** ad0u1f@r.postjobfree.com ad0u1f@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Summary
A hardworking and passionate job seeker with strong organizational skills eager to secure an IT Tech/cyber security analyst position. Ready to help the team achieve company goals. Discerning Computer Systems Analyst devoted to improving computer systems and network performance for enhanced productivity and with a vast knowledge of network security. Stays up-to-date on the latest security regulations and protocols to execute effective measures for sustaining privacy and operational integrity.
Education
Bachelor of Laws (BL)
Nigerian Law School
Bachelor: Law
Benson Idahosa University
Certification / Associate Degree: Cybersecurity
Houston Community College

Skills
TECHNICAL SKILLS
MS Windows and MS Office - VMware and Visual Studio
MS SQL Database - ITIL
Analytical Thinking - Attention to Detail
Installations (windows upgrade) - Help Desk and Diagnostic
Networking (Linux – Ubuntu) - Installation
Troubleshooting
Incidence Detection and Response
Highly Skilled in SIEM
Excellent Listening Skills
Legal drafting - Case filing and documentation
Technical Sales
Effective Communication
Research Abilities
Customer Satisfaction
Software Installation
Data/network security (DNS,DHCP,TCP/IP)
Vulnerability Assessment
Firewall and Data Encryption
Threat Detection and Risk Remediation
Work History
Cyber Security Analyst 01/2021 to 05/2023
Modivcare – Houston, Tx
. Actively communicates with customers, peers, higher-level teams, and management to ensure timely issues and status update resolution.
. Create and maintain cybersecurity policies, standards, and procedures.
. Troubleshoot and resolves technical issues or research and recommend effective solutions.
Maintains and administers computer networks and related computing environments, including computer hardware, systems software, applications software, and all configurations.
. Regulate user access to sensitive files to protect against internal security breaches as well as maintenance and completion of accurate installation, inventory, and documentation.
. Establish and monitor cybersecurity program performance and risk metrics
. Regularly exceeds targets relating to call volume and meeting the average handle time for each call, in accordance with company policy.
. Manage inbound calls and inquiries relating to products and promotions, quickly establish rapport with customers over the phone and ensure 100% customer satisfaction.

IT Analyst Intern 01/2019 to 01/2020
Restoration 1 – Houston, TX
Analyzed statistical data using both modern and traditional methods.
Interpreted data and made recommendations from findings.
Gathered, arranged, and corrected research data to create representative graphs and charts highlighting results for presentations.
Validated incoming data to check information accuracy and integrity while independently locating and correcting concerns.
Wrote research papers, reports, reviews, and summaries regarding areas of expertise.
Completed testing projects by deadline and under budget for company-wide initiatives.
Supported team needs with research and problem-solving abilities.
Troubleshot incidents reported by end-users to schedule system changes and identify permanent solutions.
Legal Counsel 10/2014 to 01/2016
J.O. IDIKA & CO FCT
Registration and incorporation of companies, preparation, and filing of incorporation for client
Conducting client interviews
Hearings, mediation, disposition, appellate proceedings, and trials
Responsible for the recovery of debt on behalf of banks and other financial institutions which were clients of the law firm
Drafting of legal documents for the sale of landed Properties such as Deeds, Memorandum of Understanding, and Power of Attorney.
Legal Assistant 05/2013 to 09/2014
D.D. DODO & CO FCT
Drafting of legal documents and preparing legal proceedings to be filed in the court on behalf of the law firm in both civil and criminal cases
Negotiated with plaintiff counsel on Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR)
Performed acquisition due diligence and drafted a schedule of exceptions.
Customer Service Representative 12/2011 to 10/2013
Corporate Affairs Commission FCT
Respond to telephone inquiries, providing quality service to customers and associates inquiring about the beginning process of the registration of companies or the status of a filed application
Provided expert customer service, ensuring that client issues were resolved in a [professional and timely manner
Assisted customers in creating online accounts, log-in issues, and completing the online order process
Created and updated payment database on Excel spreadsheets
Key Achievement
Surpassed 90% of the customer survey with positive recommendations by the customers.
Contact this candidate