NATHANIEL IRVING
South Chesterfield, Virginia ***34 · 804-***-****
ad0x5q@r.postjobfree.com
Highly motivated and analytical Cyber Security Analyst with a passion for ensuring the safety and security of computer systems and networks. Possesses a comprehensive understanding of cyber threats and risk management, and a proven ability to identify and mitigate security risks. Experienced in conducting vulnerability assessments, analyzing security logs, and monitoring network traffic to detect and respond to security incidents. Skilled in utilizing various security tools and technologies, such as firewalls, intrusion detection/prevention systems, and SIEM (Security Information and Event Management) systems. Strong communication and collaboration skills, able to work effectively with cross-functional teams to identify security threats and implement effective security measures. Dedicated to ongoing learning and professional development, eager to build a successful career in the field of Cyber Security.

CERTIFICATIONS/CERTIFICATES
SPLUNK CORE USER
SECURITY +
INTRO TO DATA ANALYTICS
CYBER THREAT HUNTING
EXPERIENCE
10/2018– PRESENT
IT SECURITY ANALYST, N-core/VA Department of Motor Vehicles
Work as a head analyst for the SOC team here at DMV for 6 years which lead to assisting others with reports and investigations.
Primarily work on Microsoft OS systems and familiar with the active directory, windows command prompt, and well versed in navigating through Microsoft applications.
Implemented different security measures such as firewall configuration, software updates, resulting in a reduction in security incidents and enhancing overall stability of the network.
Used Powershell for system maintenance tasks, such as user account provisioning and system backups to help with system configurations in a windows environment.
Conducted regular vulnerability assessments using Tenable Vulnerability Management system and analyzed scan results to identify and mitigate potential security risks that led to a decrease in our threat analysis.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to perform threat hunting activities, identifying, and responding to security incidents and threats.
Utilized Splunk to monitor and analyze security logs and network traffic, providing real-time threat intelligence and insights.
Analyzed security data and generated reports to identify security trends and potential threats, using NIST SP 800-53, SEC 501, SEC 525, HIPAA, CJIS, PCI DSS, ISO 27001 guidelines to ensure compliance.
Applied advanced configuration management techniques, tailored to SEC 525 Cybersecurity Framework, to fortify systems against threats, which resulted in improvements and greater security posture
Familiar with and well versed in the (AC) Technical controls to help assist with 3rd Vendors and Security Architect with maintaining proper security practices and implement correct security controls.
Participated in security incident response activities, working with analysts to analyze and mitigate incidents in a timely manner.
Assisted the Risk Manager with helping come up with risk assessments on different applications and vulnerable assists. As well as help identify security exceptions to certain issues for a more secure and swift mitigation.
Maintained up-to-date knowledge of emerging threats and trends in the field of Cyber Security, keeping abreast of new tools, technologies, and techniques.
Demonstrated strong analytical skills, attention to detail, and ability to work effectively in a team environment.

06/2014– 09/2018
SUMMER IT INTERNSHIP, VA Department of Motor Vehicles
Managed online dealer paperwork by opening, sorting, and uploading customer documents using MySelect.
Contributed to the branding process by utilizing MySelect to process and send letters to salvage vehicle owners.
Assisted in the titling process by utilizing MySelect to process vehicle titles for customers and inputting the information into the DMV system.
Played a key role in the insurance department by utilizing Onbase and CSS to process SR 22s, 26s, FR 44s, and 46s.
Collaborated with team members to ensure timely and accurate processing of all paperwork and documentation.
Demonstrated excellent communication skills, providing outstanding customer service and support.

EDUCATION
DECEMBER 2018
BACHELOR DEGREE: CYBER SECURITY & MUSIC, Longwood University

SKILLS
Knowledge of vulnerability management tools and techniques, including vulnerability scanning and patch management.
Experience with threat hunting and incident response, including the ability to analyze and respond to security incidents in a timely and effective manner.
Familiarity with NIST SP 800-53, SEC 501, SEC 525, HIPPA, CJIS, PCI DSS, ISO 27001 guidelines to ensure compliance security controls and other relevant cyber security frameworks.

Tenable.sc
Splunk
Adaptability
Contact this candidate