Eukontee V Toe
Mount Laurel, NJ
ad0zcx@r.postjobfree.com
609-***-****
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/eukonteetoe/

SUMMARY
Knowledgeable and performance-driven Cyber Security Analyst with 2 years of experience in analyzing and responding to network incidents, assisting in user access management and testing of firewalls and malware systems. Excellent written and analytical skills with the ability to excel under pressure. Detail-oriented professional accustomed to working in a fast-paced team, learning/professional environment.
SKILLS & OTHERS
Skills: Cyber Security, Information Security, Splunk, Malware Analysis, Risk Analysis, Python, Cloud security, Windows 10&11, Unix/Linux Networking Protocols, SQL, HTML, CSS, Java, JavaScript, and Tableau.

EDUCATION
Per Scholas, Cyber Security program- Philadelphia, PA 2023.
Rider University, (BBA/Information Systems) -New Jersey, May 2023.

Cybersecurity Student, Per Scholas Cybersecurity program, August-December 2023
Project
Perform IT Risk Assessments and Disaster Recovery/Business Continuity Management.
Performed penetration testing using Metasploit Framework to identify vulnerabilities and provide remediation.
Collaborated with team members to perform network traffic analysis using Wireshark, boosting mitigation methodology of malicious activity by 32%.
Conducted Vulnerability assessments using Nessus thereby contributing to a reduction in risk exposure by 75%.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
The Mentor Network of New Jersey Delran, NJ
Residential Supervisor May 2015- Present
Ensures the facility is adequately staffed based on patient census, and acuity.
Monitors patient’s reactions to drugs administered and carefully documents the progress.
Supervises staff’s daily activities and schedule and ensures they achieve organizational goals.

State of New Jersey- Department of Education
Clinical Intern May 2023 - August 2023
Troubleshoot daily IT desktop client issues and supported multiple departments and various offices.
Created new accounts, reset passwords, and configured access to servers and file management software for users.

Trenton Public School Trenton, NJ
Clinical Intern May 2022- August 2022
Provided tech support and troubleshooting various equipment including computers and services.
Implemented routine software updates, backups, and other services where necessary.
Contact this candidate