Career Profile
Innovative and results-driven Information Security Analyst with over 10 years of experience focused on achieving exceptional results in developing processes, applying tools and procedures for improving performance and in applying standardization. Cross-functional experience in operations, security and IT with an adept ability to influence others in a positive manner.

Education
Bachelor of Science Degree in Management Science, Bobby B. Lyle School of Engineering
Southern Methodist University, Dallas, TX

Technical Skills
Microsoft Office (Access, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Visio and Word).
Microsoft Azure.
Active Directory. (Enterprise Access Platforms including Windows, Mainframe. Midrange).
Unix, PowerShell, ESSC, Remedy, Visual Basic, Front Page, Adobe Photoshop.
Security Tools: DUO,

Training & Certifications
MS-500 – Microsoft 365 Security Administration - April 2020.
MS-101 - Microsoft 365 Mobility and Security – Centriq Training Center October 2019.
CompTIA Security + Certification Training - ONLC Training Center November 2018.
ITIL Foundation Certificate – Centriq Training Center April 2018.
SailPoint Identity Now – July 2023.

Work Experience
Solution Delivery Consultant Deloitte 06/2021 – 09/2023
Utilized IAM (Identity and Access Management) programs to enable federal, state, local and/or higher education clients to protect against digital identity risks.
Provided appropriate access to applications, systems, and data with advanced authentication.
Worked in a distributed team environment where team members are spread across numerous locations and often communicate virtually to support clients IAM applications.
Identified and evaluate complex business and technology risks, internal controls which mitigate risks, and related opportunities for internal control improvement.
Evaluated and support complex IAM and technology risks, internal controls which mitigate risks, and related opportunities for internal control improvement.
Responsible to design, install, implement, architect, configure and maintain one or more Identity & Access Management products such as SailPoint, in a client environment.
Communicated the IAM aspects of both the production support and maintenance at the technical and functional level to maintain or resolve a technical situation.
Facilitated use of technology-based tools or methodologies to review, design and/or implement products and services.

Information Security Analyst II Hallmark Kansas City MO 03/ 2020 – 06/2021
Anticipated with the implementation and ongoing support of Hallmark's Identity and Access Management (IAM) tools, these include tools from Sail Point, Beyond Trust and Ping Identity.
To troubleshoot and resolve access management and provisioning workflow.
Implemented applications into our multifactor authentication process.
Executed and track security processes related activities including ID management.
Provided technical support for the tools as well as work with the business users to gather requirements.
Involved in providing input for the broader identity and access management program at Hallmark.
IT Security Analyst Security Bank Kansas City MO 05/2019 – 03/2020
Contributed to the mission of the IT security department by applying information security concepts to review and mitigate cybersecurity risks within the environment.
Utilization of multiple security systems such as Spam filter, Active Directory, Vulnerability scanner and Web content filtering appliance.
Champions best practices in security event/incident detection and response.
Coordinated and streamlined the security event investigations.
Monitored and responded to alerts from key security technologies and other internal sources.
Optimized the security reviews of current and potential vendor relationship information security projects, such as new technology implementation and enhancements to existing tools.
Minimized vulnerabilities with the Bank’s environment with oversight of associated remediation activities.

Access Management & Provisioning Analyst II Federal Reserve Bank Kansas City, MO 06/2017- 05/2019
Processed100s of access control change requests, such as adding/deleting and modifying user and group accounts within an Active Directory, UNIX, Enterprise Directory, and email environments.
Prevented unauthorized access to data by 100% and maintained proper security levels by managing access recertification reviews, as required by Security Assurance for the Federal Reserve.
Reviewed process to identify, design and recommend improvements for efficiency and enhanced security.
Maximized deliverables across access management/info security workgroups at the District & Central Business level.
Drove compliance with policies, procedures and standards, accurately documented appropriate detail in request tickets and tracking systems.
Applied an understanding of technical problems and solutions in relation to the current, as well as the future business environment to independently research and resolve access related issues.

Data Security Analyst Bank of America Addison, TX 03/2014 – 08/2016
Provisioned and de-provisioned user account, security groups and share folders using Active Directory (AD), CSDB, and Quest Active Role Server (ARS).
Orchestrated Access for employees across the Enterprise, including Windows, Midrange, and Mainframe platforms by providing operational and procedural support.
Created various shares (DFS, non-DFS, application, personal drives, etc.) for requesting lines of business.
Drove a culture of process improvement and proactive risk mitigation for tools process, and placed heightened emphasis on automating process.
Executed internal security controls based on procedural documentation and policy.
Coordinated triage efforts with cyber security and incident management teams to resolve system outages.
Established routine forums to discuss and escalate ongoing issues and risks across a global coverage team.
Assisted management of SMEs on driving uniform standards and practices across a global team.
Contact this candidate