ANTHONY CURRIE
Colorado Springs, CO, Willing to Relocate
931-***-**** ad1egm@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/anthony-jr TS/SCI- Active DoD Clearance. T5 Investigation: February 27th, 2019. PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
● Intelligence Analyst and Army Veteran leveraging professional experience of proven ability to interact and collaborate with multiple levels of management and diverse cultural audiences.
● Possesses a comprehensive background in analyzing, processing, and distributing strategic and tactical intelligence information.
● Results-oriented professional with education and experience seeking to use calculated planning and information analytics skills in a position that will add value to the organization.
● Career supported by the pursuit of an Associate of Applied Science in Intelligence Operations Studies.
● Intelligence Data Analysis
● Leadership
● Security Management
● Regulation Compliance
● Training and Development
● Policy Implementation
● Team Collaboration
● Organization / Communication
● Microsoft Office 365
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
United States Army – Colorado, California, Arizona, Missouri, Iraq 2019 – 2024 Intelligence Analyst/Security Manager
Entrusted with providing crucial intelligence support to enhance decision-making and operational effectiveness. Analyzed vast amounts of data from various sources to develop actionable Intelligence products.
● Conducted real-world Intelligence Operations while deployed to Iraq in support of Operation Inherent Resolve. Collaborated with Intelligence Community interagency partners, identified critical intelligence gaps and intelligence collection solutions, assessed threats to deployed forces.
● While at the U.S. Army National Training Center, successfully led the development of all-source Intelligence products to support joint all-domain operations, supervised, coordinated, and participated in the analysis, processing, and distribution of tactical intelligence products.
● Ensured the accountability and maintenance of Intelligence systems and equipment valued at more than
$5M with zero losses, utilized cost saving techniques to minimize waste and refurbish equipment, certifying the equipment readiness program was on-time and under budget.
● Served as the Security Manager for an organization of 625 personnel, responsible for Security Compliance across multiple security functions, such as the Physical Security compliance of classified work areas and Personnel Security compliance for Top Secret/Secret security clearances. EDUCATION CERTIFICATIONS
Associates of Applied Science, Intelligence Operations Studies Cochise College Expected Aug 2024 Specialized Military Training:
Basic Leadership Course: 4 weeks All Source Intelligence Course: 18 weeks FADEMIST Course: 40hrs
TECHNICAL COMPETENCIES
Analytical Tool Suite: FADEMIST/HotR/NGA Maps (MoTW)/Biometric Data Entry Systems Software: Microsoft Office Suite 365
Personnel Security: DISS account holder (Defense Information System for Security)/ISOPREP account holder Operating Systems: Mac / Microsoft Windows
Contact this candidate