Joel Franck Tcheimegni

Cell: *** – *** – ****

Email: ad1law@r.postjobfree.com

Address: ***** ******* ***** ****** ********** MD, 20874

Objective:

I’m a dedicated problem-solver with over 3+ years of experience as an Information Security Analyst protecting security systems and technologies for a wide variety of organizations ranging from government to private companies. I’m seeking to leverage my experience as a Security Analyst to ensure implementation of cyber security principals while growing and expanding on my skillset to optimize the team capability and cyber posture.

Work Authorization

Education

US Citizen

Bachelor of Business of Science & Technology
Wheeling Jesuit University – Wheeling West Virginia

Certification

CompTIA Security Plus pending
Continuous Learning

Key Skills

Incident Response – SOAR – Demisto – Palo Alto – Splunk – Qradar – Azure Sentinel – MDCA – MFA - FireEye
Phishing Analysis – Automation – Firewall Content Filtering – Cloud Networking – Cisco ISE – Whitelisting –Nessus Tenable – RSA Netwitness – OSI Model – Tanium – Confluence – Proofpoint – Rapid7 – IDS/IPS – F5 – WAF – DNS – Team Collaboration -

EDR (CrowdStrike, Carbon Black, MS Defender)
Log Analysis – Triage – Event Logs – Remedy – Mekari – Mandiant – HTTPS – Protocols & Ports (TCP/UDP) – Checkpoint – Powershell Scripting– Zscaler – Linux – Cyber Kill Chain – Active Directory – BeyondTrust PMC – Endpoint Security – AV – Malware Analyst – Service Desk – Remedy – SNOW

Experience

Sr Soc Analyst – New Living Health Care Services - Washington DC Jun 2021 - Present

Monitor security systems, servers, and various access issues on a variety of different systems within our clients' environment, those issues frequently include intrusion detection and malware infected PC's.
Ensure the integrity and protection of networks, systems, and applications.
Monitor and analyze Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS) to identify security issues for remediation.
Perform Security Incident Response activities for multiple organizations, coordinate to record and report incidents.
Communicate alerts to agencies regarding intrusions and compromises to their network infrastructure, applications, and operating systems.
Enforcement of organizational security policies through monitoring of vulnerability scanning devices
Prepare incident reports of analysis methodology and results.
Demonstrated high level of personal integrity and the ability to discreetly handle sensitive, personal, and classified case information.

Soc Analyst/ Incident Response – MCPS - Rockville MD
Sept 2020 – May 2021
Analyzed, prioritized, document and managed information system vulnerabilities to identify false positives, vulnerability severity and impact, remediation options and timeline, and available resources to address the weakness.
Conducted proactive monitoring, investigation, and mitigation of security incidents, and triaged incidents according to procedure and SOP.
Collaborated with various teams and vendors regarding identified false positives to gain the necessary evidence for documentation.
Ran follow-up vulnerability scans and compare with previous results to recommended automated scans on remaining assets that are not managed by a centralized scanning engine.
Used Vulnerability Assessment tools such as Nessus, NMAP to perform security testing.
Provided Cybersecurity Operations Center incident management and response.
Conducted root cause analysis after cyber incidents.
Provided detection, response, and remediation of cyber threats.
Assisted in incident response for technical outages.
Assisted in vulnerability assessment and remediation.
Supported the deployment, integration, and initial configuration of all new security solutions on premises and cloud.
Advised on CIS Controls assessment and implementation.
Monitored current infosec news and bulletins to keep current on events, research, and development.
Continuously improved processes and technical procedure documentation.
Performed other duties as assigned.
Linux Systems Security Engineer – MCPS - Rockville MD January 2017 – Aug 2020

Perform security patches on Linux OS and all installed applications
Install, configure, and maintain testing/scanning applications (UFT& Compliance Sherriff)
Configured logrotate to automate disk space management
Experience with forensics tools such as Carbon Black, SIFT, X-Ways, Splunk, Volatility, Snort
Designed firewalls on Linux OS as well as using pfSense in a virtualized environment
Process any security policy changes as needed as per NIST/STIG compliance. Perform security scans using Nexus & remediate all know vulnerabilities.
Performed security assessments and vulnerability assessments on information systems.
Performed vulnerability assessments, remediation, and security hardening.
Created security standards monthly reporting process that measured, reported, and remediated non-compliance within the production Linux server infrastructure.
Developed a comprehensive patch management schedule.
Performed security assessments and vulnerability assessments on information systems.
Analyze operating system quality controls and log files – troubleshoot as required
Develop system documentation and Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs)
Implement Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), Public Key Infrastructure (PKI), and Transport Layer Security (TLS) actions.
Administer the Automated Behavioral Analysis (AuBA) system, which is a multi-OS environment (Redhat, Centos, Windows, and VMware) that runs various applications such as Snort, Riverbed Steelhead, Gigamon, Redmine, Mongo, and Tableau to preemptively detect malicious network access and activity.
Process any security policy changes as needed as per NIST/STIG compliance
Extensive knowledge of common protocols such as SNMP, HTTP, HTTPS, SMTP, NTP, DNS, TCP/IP, and FTP.
Contact this candidate