EMMANUEL FRIMPONG
CONTACT

703-***-****

ad1z4e@r.postjobfree.com

Dumfries, Virginia 22025
CAREER OBJECTIVE

Profile Summary An experienced IT Security Analyst with years of experience in performing risk assessments. Proven track record of assessing client's system/network availability, security, data integrity to identify, manage and reduce vulnerabilities and ensure general compliance. Cybersecurity Specialist with proficiency in online security research, planning, execution and maintenance. Skilled at training internal users on security procedures and preventive measures. Information Security Specialist with passion for aligning security architecture plans and processes with security standards and business goals. Extensive experience developing and testing security framework for cloud-based software. Versed in robust network defense strategies. Results-driven IT professional with notable success in planning, analysis and implementation of security initiatives. Strengths in providing comprehensive network design and security frameworks. Certified in [Area of certification]. Detail-oriented professional with experience in data communications, data recovery and disaster recovery. Frequently praised as diligent by peers, I can be relied upon to help your company achieve its goals.

EXPERIENCE

November 2017 - Present
SOC ANALYST
Starline Corporation

Performing Network Monitoring and Incident Response
Discovering vulnerability in Information System
Performed Security Testing on propriety Software
Responded to and investigated Security incident as a member of the incident Response Team
Protected sensitive information and privacy of company through prompt data breach investigations.
Improved technological security by expanding existing data encryption and software.
Performed threat assessments to determine priorities in security implementation.
Performing malware analysis using different malware analysis methodologies.
Performing digital forensics to identify suspicious malicious content.
Conducting intrusion detection and prevention.
Performing log analysis and identifying malicious activities.

October 2012 - November 2017
SOC Analyst
3 Points Technology LLC, Dumfries, VA

Monitored, Evaluate and Interpolated vulnerability, CVE, mitigation measures, techniques for escalation social engineering tactics, phishing technics and perform vulnearability assessments
Documented and Review Security plans, contingency plan, contingency plan tests, privacy impact assessment and risk assessment
Conducted security audits to identify vulnerabilities
Recommend improvements in security systems and procedures.
Implemented IPS, DLP and UTM features on the firewall for added security purposes.
Monitored Security Information and Event Management (SIEM), Intrusion Detection System (IDS)
Provided adequate controls to ensure system security and access granted to users on a “Need to Know” basis.
Established procedures for all systems recovery and contingency processes to include back fit processes.
Provides input on the development of Service Level Agreements, Recovery Point Objectives, and Recovery Time Objectives

December 2000 - June 2016
Purchasing Manager
Marriott Hotels International

Buying products for Engineering, House keeping, Kitchen
Cost control, Inventory, Credit Card Payments, Invoice Payment
EDUCATION

January 2006
Associate Of Science In Information Technology
Slamm Technology, Manassas, VA

January 2004
Associate Of Arts Hotel In Motel Management
Strafford University, Falls Church, VA
SKILLS

Intruder Response and Removal
Master in Cyber Security and Information Assurance
Hotel and Business Management
Interpersonal Skills
Asset Protection
Defensive Tactics
Proxy Servers
Programmable Logic Control Systems
Risk Analysis
Splunk SIEM
Network Protocol Analysis
Tenable Nessus
CERTIFICATIONS

CompTIA Security+
CPPC - Certified Professional Purchasing Consultant
REFERENCES

References available upon request

.
Contact this candidate