PROFESIONAL SUMMARY
Proven Information Security Analyst with hands-on experience in cloud security, identity management, and incident response. Skilled in utilizing tools such as Cimtrack, ArcSight, Azure Web Service and Aws Web Service to ensure robust cybersecurity measures. Expertise in threat intelligence, database activity monitoring, and automation. ISC2 Cybersecurity Analyst certified with a solid background in operating systems, Cyber Crimes, Software Development, scripting, and Continuous Integration/Deployment. A strategic thinker with strong analytical and communication skills, dedicated to enhancing security postures in dynamic environments. KEYS COMPETENCIES
Soft Skills
Community Engagement
Friendly
Critical Thinker
Top-notch Communication
Teamwork
Key Skills
CyberSecurity Strategies
Threat Detection &
Response
Vulnerability Assessment
Penetration Testing
Security Incident Handling
Compliance & Risk
Management
Technical Skills
Cloud Security expertise (AWS,
Google Cloud, Azure)
Identity Management proficiency
Incident Response efficiency
Tool proficiency: Cimtrack, ArcSight,
Azure Web Service
Proactive Threat Intelligence analysis
Database Activity Monitoring with
Imperva
Automation skills for enhanced
efficiency
Proficient with the Networking
Concepts like TCP/IP, UDP and its
configurations.
Operating Systems familiarity (Linux,
Windows, UNIX)
Scripting languages: GitBash,
PowerShell, SSH
Commitment to Continuous
Improvement
ISC2 Cybersecurity Analyst
certification
AWS Cloud Practitioner Certificate
Strategic thinking with strong
analytical and communication skills
Proficient with using Tools like
Qualys, Burpsuite, Wireshark,
Nessus,Netspaker, etc for
Vulnerability Scan.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Information Security Analyst First Bank Nigeria November 2021 - Present
Spearhead initiatives across various cloud security domains, focusing on Cloud Security, Cloud Identity and Access Management, Data Protection, and Data Loss Prevention.
Utilize Cimtrack for meticulous file configuration monitoring, ensuring PCI compliance by continuously checking for software updates and providing protection against unseen threats, including malware.
Manage ArcSight Logger/Command Center, an on-premises Enterprise Security Manager tool, overseeing activity logs, storing events, and retrieving archived data for forensics-quality litigation.
Implement ArcSight Soar for Security Orchestration, Automation, and Response (SOAR), enabling automation, playbooks, incident management, SOC analytics, and direct alert handling via SMTP.
Collaborate with Microsoft Sentinel and vendors on Azure Web Service, crafting rules for threat detection and malicious behavior. Deploy Log Analytics on Virtual Machines for Database activity monitoring, Azure Active Directory, and Microsoft Defender for Cloud. BOLAJI OLUSEYE
Information Security Analyst
Abubakar Railway Compound EbuteMeta, Lagos, Nigeria ad206a@r.postjobfree.com +234********** GitHub: mailto:@Bheejhay https://www.linkedin.com/in/bolaji-oluseye-b7127b174/
Conduct Database activity monitoring using Imperva, overseeing activities in diverse testing and production environments across subsidiaries in Ghana, the Congo, Sierra Leone, the Gambia, and Guinea.
Prepared the Report for Audit like PCIDSS, Governance, by providing Archive data and loading it to capture data for different assents to capture the logs on Firewalls, Databases and all servers both on the Virtual IP and Scan IP.
Coordinate closely with Sky-box Security to track firewall configuration changes, detect threats, and enhance server security. Apply patches to Linux, Windows, and Microsoft servers, and upgrade Cisco equipment. Preparing Compliance Report for the Firewalls and capturing the Tasks on the Firwalls.
Provide real-time proactive monitoring, mitigation, and response while supporting the SOC Manager with day-to-day operations.
Evaluate and improve current technological systems, including firewalls and vulnerability management.
Utilize End-Point Detection and Response (EDR) tools to check alerts on endpoints, investigate harmful events, attacks, ransomware, malware, and rogue activities.
Collaborate with the system support group to set up new systems on the First Bank Network, configuring workstations with static IP addresses and maintaining device Hostnames. EDUCATION
University of Lagos Bachelor of Science Lagos 2018
Major - Urban and Regional Planning
Grade – Second Class (Upper Division)
CERTIFICATIONS
AWS Cloud Practitioner
Certified Cyber security Analyst
Networking Basics (Cisco)
IT and Cyber-Security Risk Management Essential Training
Introduction to Microsoft 365 Administration
Ethical Hacking: Introduction to Ethical Hacking & Networking Basics Certification.
ISO/IEC 27001 Information Security Associate™ Certification
FOUNDATIONS OF BUSINESS SKILLFRONT AND ENTREPRENEURSHIP Certification. REFERENCES
Available on request
Contact this candidate