Lamont Webb
IT Security Analyst Profile
ad213n@r.postjobfree.com • 404-***-****
LinkedIn • Tampa Florida
Summary
Highly-analytical professional with top secret clearance, capable of planning, overseeing, and implementing complex IT service management projects. Ability to execute secure networks/information systems against cyber threats. Talent for creating and maintaining documentation associated with IT systems, procedures, and configurations. Ability to conduct network audits to ensure compliance with cybersecurity regulations and policies. Capacity to create and implement assess systems aimed at enhancing quality/productivity. Knowledgeable in developing and implementing robust standards/processes to ensure integrity and confidentiality of data.
Technical Proficiencies
Platforms:
Data bricks Advana Qlik
Tools:
Java Python SQL Scikit-learn Pandas NumPy Seaborn Matplotlib
Area of Expertise
IT Strategic Direction & Management
Incident Handling & Forensics
Network Security Management
Threat & Vulnerability Management
Technical Issue Analysis
Troubleshooting & Resolution
Cross-functional Communication
Documentation & Reporting
Data Analysis & Management
Cloud Security & Computing
Preventive Measures
Software Development Lifecycle
Career Experience
U.S Army, Altamira 2022 – Present
Data Steward & Data Scientist, Contractor
Develop and implement data governance policies to ensure data quality, consistency, and compliance with security regulations. Collaborate with stakeholders to understand analytical requirements and provide timely/accurate information. Create predictive models and simulations to support decision-making processes and assess potential outcomes. Coordinate with cross-functional teams, including military personnel, analysts, and technical experts to promote data-driven approaches/culture.
Developed dashboards for personals by leveraging special forces data.
Enhanced community culture year-over-year by utilizing data and establishing connections.
U.S Army, Augusta, GA Fort Gordon Georgia 2020 – Present
Foodborne Illness Prevention Specialist Health Inspector, Quality Assurance & Safety Professional
Conduct facility plan reviews while leveraging hazard data analysis, critical control points (HACCP), and risk-based food / environmental safety programs to ensure optimal facility functionality and compliance. Identified and controlled biological, chemical, and physical hazards in storage, warehouses, and manufacturing facilities, while adhering to OSHA standards. Collect comprehensive public health data from warehouse to gain holistic understanding of possible foodborne outbreaks. Examined freshness and quality of poultry, beef, and fruits and vegetables. Monitored for signs of infestation to protect food from damage and disease. Carried out quality audits and safety compliance checks to ensure delivery of high-quality food and facilities.

Forecasted emerging trends by applying machine learning models, such as random forest, Neural Network, and NLP.
Ensured personal safety by using proper handling protocols of hazardous chemicals.
Examined potential causes of foodborne outbreaks by utilizing Python, R, SPSS, and SAS.
Delivered inspection results by formulating reports, summarizing re-works / safety hazards, and inputting pertinent data to quality database.
U.S Army, Arifjan, Kuwait 2022 – 2022
Epidemiologist (Deployment)
Facilitate in executive management to perform data collection, assessment, and evaluation for public health department. Support community health assessment program to identify key health indicators. Utilize statistical analysis techniques for providing valuable insights to stakeholders regarding public health trends. Provide visual aids to stakeholders while using data visualization methods. Contribute to planning, execution, and management of acute conditions investigation. Perform in-depth analyses of waterborne, foodborne, zoonotic, respiratory, and vaccine-preventable diseases.
Investigated and evaluated epidemiological data by leveraging Python, R, and SAS.
Evaluated potential health impacts resulting from exposure to communicable diseases.
Projects
Data Science Program, Remote, Thinkful, 11/2021 – 05/2022
Public Health Standards
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1bs2fcdkpDAzyDR0xePNQuUurMjXJwN8J?usp=sharing
Analysis of CDC dataset on potential bias of public health standards based on demographics
Used both a random forest model and linear regression model to analyze the data
Diabetes Study
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1kjtL35ZeUFi_hSU0SYC4_cpwgu7IRiQx?usp=sharing
Analysis of a CDC dataset on prevalence of diabetes within African Americans Compared to other demographics
Using graphs and T-tests I was able to find the confidence interval to see the prevalence of African American diabetes was outside 95% interval
Additional Experience
Quality Assurance Inspector Assistant Project Manager, US&S, Dobbins Lockheed ARB
Assistant Project Manager and Employee Liaison, AAI, Atlanta
Head Trainer Exercise Physiologist, U First Fitness, Alpharetta
Manager, Quiktrip Sandy Springs
Education
Master of Cyber Security
Grand Canyon University, Phoenix, Arizona (Pursuing)
Master of Science in Public Health, Epidemiology
Grand Canyon University, Phoenix, Arizona
Relevant coursework intro to epidemiology, SAS and SPSS database usage
Bachelor of Science in Physical Health
Georgia State University, Atlanta, Georgia
Relevant coursework in microbiology, chemistry, and anatomy.
Licenses & Certifications
Data Science Certificate Certiﬁed Quality Auditor Certiﬁed Professional, Food Safety (NEHA) Certiﬁed Environmental Specialist OSHA Certification of Project Management Professional (PMP) (Ongoing)
Contact this candidate