Bukola Aleshe
Information Security Analyst
214-***-**** linkedin.com/in/bk-aleshe
ad2edu@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Seasoned SOC analyst with over 5 years experience, passionate, and knowledgeable about Cyber security. Equipped with a top-notch experience in network and cybersecurity techniques with an extensive IT technical background. I enjoy troubleshooting to finding solutions to technical and security issues. Critical and analytical thinker who addresses client’s security issues quickly and consistently exceeds performance standards.

SKILLS

Network Protocol
Incident response/Threat Intelligence
Jira/ServiceNow/Archer
CrowdStrike/ Symantec
Snort/SourceFire

Qradar//Phantom/Checkpoint
Rapid7/ Qualys
PCI-DSS/FFIEC/FIPS
Cisco Firepower
Security Test & monitoring
DomainTools
Network Security
McAfee/BlueCoat/ForeScout
SIEM/Splunk/AlienVault
MetricStream/Confluence
Network Sec Protocols/TCP/IP
O365/Proofpoint/Firewall/Proxy

Microsoft Office 365
SharePoint/OneDrive
Joesandbox
Endpoint Security
Virus Total
IP/URL void/url,io
Snort/FireEye HX
Web gateway/Email Gateway
Palo Alto/Checkpoint

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

PAMERIC INC. Dallas, TX January 2021 – Present
Cybersecurity Analyst

Provide 24/7 network monitoring and coverage.
Use various Security tools such as SIEM tools, Anti-Virus, Intrusion Detection Systems, firewalls, Web Proxies, Email security and to analyze and perform deep dive investigations on security alerts and events escalated by lower-level analysts.
Analyze network traffic, logs, prioritize and differentiate between potential intrusion attempts, to determine false alarms, insider threats and malware analysis.
Work with engineers on escalated technical issues and identify opportunities for improvement.
Foreign Keep abreast of current cyber trends, vulnerabilities, and emerging technologies.
Write Shift reports making sure to comply with the operating procedures and standards.
Consistently monitoring and working on other security tickets through the ticketing system.
Influence and improve upon existing processes through innovation and operational change.
Creating and updating SOC run books as required.
Utilizing SIEM, FireEye HX/NX, CrowdStrike, Proxies and Firewall and other security tools for investigating and analyzing incoming alerts and Incidents.
Perform monthly metric on SOC operation.

PAMERIC INC. Dallas, TX April 2019 – January 2021
Cybersecurity Analyst SOC 1

Analyzing network perimeter data, flow, packet filtering, proxy firewalls, and IPS/IDS to create and implement a concrete plan of action to harden the defensive posture.
Monitoring open source and commercial threat intelligence for IOCs, new vulnerabilities, software weaknesses, and other attacker TTPs
Followed the investigation, track and analyze advanced persistent threat (APT) groups, cyber threats and security reporting and open source intelligent (OSINT).
Performing security operations, abuse detection, incident management, reverse engineering, security analysis and testing.
Investigating security breaches and other cybersecurity incidents
Managing virtual firewalls, access control lists, and network security zones
Quickly acquiring, utilizing, and communicating knowledge on new technologies and solutions, emerging threats and vulnerabilities to the team and upper management
Utilized Security Information and Event Management (SIEM), Intrusion Detection & Prevention (IDS / IPS), Data Leakage Prevention (DLP), sniffers and malware analysis tools to investigate and analyze potential threats.
Utilizing Endpoint Detection and Response tool such as Defender, Cortex to detect malicious processes and lateral movement in the network.
Monitoring the local threat ops channels/SIEM/AV/DLP Policy violation consoles and notifying the client/stakeholders of any suspicious/malicious activity within agreed SLA timelines

GENPACT, Dallas, TX December 2016 – March 2019
IT Support Analyst

Managed administrative server functions, including back-ups, upgrades, recovery, management of disk space, and more.
Created and manage P2P application patches.
Monitor business applications via remote desktop
Worked with end users, resolving their software and hardware issues in efficient manners.
Pooled resources with technical personnel to accomplish system implementations.
Managed administrative server functions, including back-ups, upgrades, recovery, management of disk space, and more.
Located root causes of technical errors and implemented prompt solutions.
Member of the research and development team that evaluated and implemented applications.
Designed and conducted online training for customers and company employees.

CERTIFICATION

CISM
Security+
Splunk fundamentals
CISSP in progress

EDUCATION

Quality Assurance/Engineering

Ogun State University,
BS, Geology.
Contact this candidate