SAMUEL K BOATENG

ad2g8w@r.postjobfree.com Linkedln 571-***-****

SUMMARY
Self-motivated Cyber Security Operations Analyst – Junior level with a strong passion for digital forensics, threat hunting, and incident response. Currently honing my skills through active engagement in Capture The Flag (CTF) challenges, pursuing relevant certifications, and actively contributing to hands-on projects and labs. Demonstrated commitment to continuous learning and skill enhancement, leveraging CTFs, completing 20+ practical projects, and achieving CompTIA Security+ certification. Eager to apply my evolving expertise in cyber security to enhance organizational resilience and contribute to proactive threat mitigation. monitoring and detecting malicious activity based on the MITRE framework of adversary tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTP) in supporting organizational mission. Also well versed in Cyber Kill Chain by Lockheed Martin. Demonstrated strong analytical and problem-solving skills, communication skills, and people skills (team-player) self-motivated to improve knowledge and skill in alert triage and analysis to determine the course of action.
SKILLS
Software: Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook), MS Project, Adobe,
Databases: MS Access, Excel
Virtual Communication: Instant Messenger, GoToMeeting, WebEx, Zoom, Microsoft Teams
Security Technologies: Splunk, Cisco Firepower, Web Poxy, Nmap, Wireshark, Log Management, Threat Connect, Anti-Virus Tools, Mimecast, CrowdStrike, Carbon Black, Microsoft Defender for Endpoint, McAfee, Symantec/Norton, Nessus
Operating System: Windows (2000,2007,10,11), Mac OS, Linux/Unix
Networking: LANs, WANs, VPNs, Routers, Firewalls, DHCP, TCP/IP, Ethernet, DNS
Security Frameworks: NIST SP 800 Series including NIST 800-61 Rev. 2 Incident Response Life-Cycle, NIST 800-83 Rev 1 Guide to malware incident prevention and handling for desktops and laptops, NIST 800-37, NIST 800-53, Privacy, HIPAA
OSINT: Virus Total, Abuse IPDB, IP Void, MX Toolbox, DNS Checker, Cyber Chef, URL Scan, URL Decoder, Hybrid Analysis, IBM X-Force Exchange, and Palo Alto Networks URL filtering – Test A Site

EXPERIENCE
PIMAJOY Technology & Consulting LLC, Bristow VA –SOC Analyst (Intern) 07/2023 - Present
Prioritize and differentiate between potential intrusion attempts and false alarms
Execute analysis of email-based threats to include understanding of email communications, platforms, headers, transactions, and identification of malicious tactics, techniques, and procedures
Conduct log analysis on Splunk and provide recommendations to the technical teams via Jira ticketing system.
Triage events and investigate to identify Endpoint security incidents using Falcon CrowdStrike to investigate and perform the needed mitigation and remediation.
Log security incidents in the IT ticketing system
Conduct Malware Analysis to identify malicious activity and derive Indicators of Compromise (IOCs) and associated detection rules.
Investigate and report on cyber threat hunt findings, including recommendations to improve security posture across detective and preventive controls
Execute analysis of email-based threats to include understanding of email communications, platforms, headers, transactions, and identification of malicious tactics, techniques, and procedures
Utilize and adhere to defined workflow using ThreatConnect and processes driving the Threat Monitoring and escalation/handoff actions
Analyze potential cyber threats from a variety of intakes, taking appropriate response actions to include threat containment and/or escalation
Follow escalation and handoff procedures to team members and leadership based on defined threat and priority determination
Utilize a variety of security tools and technologies to analyze potential threats to determine impact, scope, and recovery
Leverage network security tools and capabilities to support Cyber Threat Monitoring activities
Document results of cyber threat analysis effectively and prepares comprehensive handoff and/or escalation for IR/Intelligence Function teams
Utilize and adhere to defined workflow using ThreatConnect and processes driving the Threat Monitoring and escalation/handoff actions
Analyze potential cyber threats from a variety of intakes, taking appropriate response actions to include threat containment and/or escalation
Follow escalation and handoff procedures to team members and leadership based on defined threat and priority determination
Utilize a variety of security tools and technologies to analyze potential threats to determine impact, scope, and recovery
Leverage network security tools and capabilities to support Cyber Threat Monitoring activities
Document results of cyber threat analysis effectively and prepares comprehensive handoff and/or escalation for IR/Intelligence Function teams
Process tactical mitigations based on results of analysis and determination of threat validity

Armed Protective Security Officer / CHENEGA INFINITY INC - Herndon, VA 05/2019 - Current
Inspected security systems to maintain consistent operational availability and to detect evidence of tampering.
Operated x-ray and body scanning equipment to prevent prohibited items from being carried onto premises.
Achieved 70% improvement in system efficiency and responsiveness through regular upgrades and maintenance.
Provided 4 hours of specialized training to security personnel, resulting in a 60% increase in overall team readiness.
Coordinated emergency response drills, enhancing team coordination and reducing response time by 80% during critical situations.
Collaborated with local law enforcement agencies on joint operations, leading to successful arrests in 30% of cases.
Unarmed Protective Security Officer / OMNIPLEX WORLD SERVICES CORP - Chantilly, VA 01/2019 - Current
Operated and maintained pan/tilt/zoom cameras, automated bollards, magnetometers, x-ray machines, access control systems, CCTV, and two-way radio systems with 100% equipment functionality.
Responded promptly to emergencies, achieving an average response time of 5 minutes, escalating force as needed based on established protocols.
Maintained 100% proficiency in the use of assigned protective gear, restraint devices, and weapons, ensuring readiness for any security scenario.
Managed access control procedures, reducing unauthorized access incidents by 20%, safeguarding against asset theft or destruction.
Diligently observed and reported incidents, contributing to a 30% decrease in security-related incidents on-site.
Conducted weekly tours, resulting in a 15% improvement in the early detection of irregularities and ensuring the optimal functionality of protection devices and fire control equipment.
Conducted over 50 regular inspections of buildings and grounds, identifying and mitigating 500 potential risks or hazards.
Implemented corrective actions, resulting in a 8% decrease in identified hazards over 4-months.
Field Technician II / SKB SOLUTIONS INC - Stafford, VA 05/2015 - Current
Executed preventative maintenance on equipment and systems, resulting in a 45% decrease in unplanned downtime.
Conducted site surveys for 4 new installations, improving installation efficiency by 50% through detailed evaluation and planning.
Implemented installations at retail locations (Red Lobster, Home Depot, Target, Giant Eagle, CVS), achieving a 90% increase in customer satisfaction.
Administered a project to migrate 20 users from Lotus Notes to Outlook, completing the migration 85% ahead of schedule.
Led the upgrade of 15 machines from Windows XP to Win7, ensuring a seamless transition with minimal disruptions.
Designed and implemented a Windows XP-based network, enhancing overall network performance by 80%.
Maintained a 98% accuracy in meeting required Service Level Agreements (SLA) through the tracking of service tickets.
Unarmed Protective Security Officer / ALLIED UNIVERSIAL - Chantilly, VA 12/2021 - 04/2023
Conducted over 30+ investigations into incidents such as theft, vandalism, and other criminal activities.
Achieved a 70% resolution rate in solving reported incidents.
Conducted 10 daily security patrols, covering 1000 square feet of assigned areas.
Successfully detected and reported suspicious activities and identified unauthorized persons during patrols.
Assisted in the development and implementation of security policies and procedures.
Ensured 80% compliance with local laws and regulations.
Monitored and maintained multiple access control systems, CCTV cameras, over 20+ alarm systems, and other security equipment.
Reduced response time to security incidents by 90% through proactive monitoring.
Installation and Service Technician / MASTEC ADVANCED TECHNOLOGIES - Fredericksburg, VA 05/2017 - 08/2017
Analyzed 50-70 daily work orders, efficiently planning travel schedules and achieving a 40% reduction in complaint resolution time.
Investigated and resolved 80% of system malfunctions within 6hours, utilizing specialized test equipment.
Proactively updated 30 software applications according to manufacturer
Utilized specialized test equipment, including multimeters and oscilloscopes, to diagnose system malfunctions, improving accuracy by 80% in identifying root causes.
Successfully executed 10 on-time and under-budget project management tasks for senior leadership.
Operations Manager / AMC TYSONS CORNER 16 - Tyson Corner, VA 05/2015 - 05/2017
Negotiated with vendors, achieving a 3-% reduction in procurement costs.
Ensured compliance with safety regulations through rigorous risk assessment and mitigation.
Utilized data analysis tools, achieving a 50% increase in data-driven decision-making.
Improved project efficiency, reducing project completion time by 70% through effective planning and execution.
Streamlined processes, resulting in a 60% reduction in errors and rework.
Reduced defects by through rigorous quality control measures, ensuring 80% compliance with industry standards.
Operations Manager / AMC COURTHOUSE PLAZA 8 - Herndon, VA 03/2014 - 05/2015
Implemented 50+ operational procedures, reducing errors by 35% and ensuring 76% adherence to quality standards.
Improved process efficiency by 45%, leading to a 30% increase in team productivity over 3 months.
Directed operations staff, achieving a 20% increase in team effectiveness and 15% improvement in employee satisfaction.
Conducted cost analysis for 15 projects, achieving a 40% reduction in expenses and consistently managing projects within budget.
Ensured safety compliance, resulting in a 70% decrease in workplace incidents and a 80% improvement in safety over 5 months.
Supervisor / AMC TYSONS CORNER 16 - Herndon, VA 09/2012 - 03/2014
Led a team of 9 members, achieving a 60% increase in productivity.
Implemented new processes, reducing task completion time by 70%.
Conducted training sessions, resulting in a 40% improvement in employee skills.
Established a mentorship program, increasing employee retention by 90%.
Led 10 projects on time and under budget, resulting in 25% cost savings.
Improved project efficiency, reducing completion time by 10%.
Presentation Manager / AMC HOFFMAN CENTER 22 - Alexandria, VA 09/2006 - 09/2012
Developed innovative presentation ideas to effectively communicate complex concepts.
Provided creative direction and support to design team in creating engaging presentations.
Managed the development of PowerPoint slides for executive-level meetings.
Created custom graphics, diagrams, and charts to enhance presentations.
Maintained library of images, videos, audio files, fonts, animations. used in presentations.
EDUCATION AND TRAINING
High School Diploma 06/2005
Mount Vernon High School - Alexandria, Virginia
CERTIFICATIONS
CompTIA Security+
#HRJ#292ba158-8f6e-4785-980f-d9ee12dacddd#
Contact this candidate