FATIMA MITCHELL
Corporate Security Operations Analyst

CONTACT
PHONE:
1-901-***-****

EMAIL:
ad2jip@r.postjobfree.com

EDUCATION
University of Phoenix
Associate in HealthCare Administration
University Of Phoenix - Memphis, TN
2010 to 2012
WORK EXPERIENCE
Raymond James- Reconciliation Specialist
2023-Present
Identify and reconcile discrepancies efficiently and in a timely manner. Assist with PSC to ensure the vault has an accurate count. Records retention to manage file storage.

First Horizon National Corporation – Corporate Security Operations Analyst/Quality Control
2023
Complete and review suspicious activity reports (SARS) prior to submission to FinCEN to ensure compliance with SAR instructions as well as regulatory compliance with the Bank Secrecy Act, 12 C.F.R 208.62. Conduct case reviews to ensure cases are researched, documented, and completed in accordance with departmental, regulatory and compliance standards. Identify and escalate systemic errors to management. Continually monitor systemic errors to ensure corrective action. Review departmental procedures on a routine basis, establish audits and reviews to ensure compliance with internal and regulatory guidelines. Develop tracking and reporting to monitor findings and ensure adequate follow-up process to include Business Process Breakdowns, case escalations, etc. in addition to case reviews. Offer training/guidance to analysts/investigators.

First Horizon National Corporation – Corporate Security Specialist/Fraud Analyst
2021
Review electronic incident reports to implement the RTA NICE system. Comparing, analyzing, detecting, giving feedback on voice detection. Analyze each case for case closure. Co-manage electronic incident reports to include eir assignments, reconciliation, escalations, and files. Work remote at various times or as needed. Assist with depository, identity, CDU fraud cases, add case files, and credit accounts.

First Horizon National Corporation - Corporate Security Administrative Assistant
2018
Perform administrative duties, answer phone, pick up and distribute mail, coordinate meetings, and take meeting notes. Maintain departmental expenses including corporate credit cards, accounts payable, bookkeeping, file investigative and security files, fax, and order office supplies. Maintain new-hire background records and co-manage electronic incident reports to include eir assignments, reconciliation, escalations, and files. Research, document, and process restitution payments. Work remote at various times or as needed.

Club4fitness
2022
Front desk and clean bathrooms, tanning beds, and equipment

Diversified Maintenance Cleaning Service
2020-2021
Clean Commercial businesses bathrooms, offices, and break rooms. Empty trash, sweep, mop, wipe surfaces, and buff floors.

Kismet Property Management- Office Assistant
2017–2019
Assist with filing, answering phones, and maintenance issues. Enter rent payments in the form of checks and money orders. Dispatch maintenance vendors for tenants with work orders. Email homeowners, tenants, and potential tenants with information. Create lease agreements.

Incredible Pizza - Supervisor
2012–2013
Customer service was always displayed. Always maintained and enforced a safe and clean working environment. Trained, developed, and counseled employees to develop high performing team. Assisted management with coaching employees in developing and achieving individual performance goals.

Federal Express – Truck Dispatch
2013–2016
Arrive and depart trailers into the system. Dispatch to other companies for arrivals of the trailers and the departures. Generate reports in excel forms, filing, and distribute paperwork for the Corporate Office. Scan documents, email, and fax information pertaining to truck freight.

Federal Express - Administrative Assurance Agent
1999–2013
Package handling, answer calls, generate reports, emails, schedule appointments, presentations, and volume control for the new small box sort initiative. Formulate graphs and maintain multiple databases to accurately assess the transitioning of small box freight from the matrix into the SPSS input to reduce operational costs. Communicate daily with various management, senior management, and managing directors pertaining to the small box project. Develop web pages, create, and modify various documents using Microsoft Office to assist in with the operation.

SKILLS

Outlook
Administrative Assistant
Receptionist
Accounts Payable
Microsoft Office
Microsoft Excel
MS Office
Data Entry
Billing
Word
Payroll
Excel
Filing
QuickBooks
Scheduling
Sales
Customer service
Contact this candidate