Sweta Jha
Secret security clearance
ad2je0@r.postjobfree.com
714-***-****

12+ years of extensive experience working as Software Quality Analyst /Tester. Extensive experience in Agile and waterfall methodologies. Strong experience in Smoke testing, regression testing and functional testing.
Extensive experience in functional testing in ERP (Oracle application) modules Order management & inventory. Well versed in testing the web-based applications. Testing various menus corresponding to functionalities in YODA web-based application in AT&T.
Strong knowledge of testing Integration of various applications and End to End testing. Strong in performing sanity and smoke testing.
Strong knowledge of Change Management, bug fixing, defect logging and maintain the test cases and defects in TFS (Team Foundation Server), JIRA and ALM (Application Life Cycle Management)
Strong in testing the application based on Oracle database manually using SQL.
Experience in executing Linux commands, Test Complete.
Self-motivated and strongly deadline driven. Strong management, administrative and leadership skills and ability to work with teams.

Technical Skills:
Operating Systems: Window 2000/XP/VISTA/7, Linux Databases SQL Server, Oracle
Languages: VB Script, HTML, SQL, XML, SQL, PL/SQL
Testing Tools: HP Quick Test Professional, Load Runner, SOAP-UI, MQ Explorer, SQL Developer, ATG Database, Sterling Console, SharePoint, CVS (Concurrent Version System), Rational Functional tester tool, TFS (Team Server Foundation, MTM, Selenium Web Driver with Java
Bug Tracking Tools: Quality Center, BugZilla, Jira Design tools Microsoft Visio
Other Tools: Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook). Houdini

Work Experience

Employer: acuCyber
Client: United State of Navy
October 2021 to Present
QA Analyst

Project Description: Performing test activities on Navy ERP Project for NIWC Atlantic such as conducting and reviewing test plans.

Responsibilities:
Began onboarding process to provide Navy ERP Risk Management Framework (RMF) support.
Researched and reviewed other QA Test Plans and procedures for other cloud and SAP systems and applications to apply lessons learned on future expected releases.
Troubleshot and resolve issues with email migration from navy.mil to us.navy.mil (Flank speed Transition).
Researched and reviewed Navy ERP documentation to ramp up on project.
Participated in and attended the weekly Navy ERP T&E Meeting
Participated in the FTP (Functional Test Plan) Template Review meeting.
Responsible for analyzing FDS (Functional Design Specification documents) and involved in reviewing test cases/Test plans which elaborated the customer needs, functional areas, test requirements.
Created detailed defect reports, tracking, verifying and closing defects using QC/ALM.

Employer: Deloitte
Client: Pennsylvania State Department
July 2021 to September 2021
QA Analyst
Project Description: Performing test activities on WCAIS application for Pennsylvania State and performing all kinds of testing to enhance the application better.

Responsibilities:
Responsible for analyzing FRD (Functional requirement documents) and involved in creating test cases which elaborated the customer needs, functional areas, test requirements.
Created test cases for WCAIS WCAB and WCOA application in TFS tool.
Performed initial manual testing of the Web application WCAB and WCOA application.
Also help in creating initial Test plan for WCAB and WCOA APP.
Performed Functional, Smoke, Sanity and Regression testing, Responsive testing on iPad & iPhone in the system using SQL Queries.
Wrote SQL queries using joins, sub queries and inline views to retrieve data from the database.
Executed test cases for WCAIS WCAB, WCOA application, and created detailed defect reports, tracking, verifying, and closing defects in TFS.
Created detailed defect reports, tracking, verifying, and closing defects using TFS.
Worked on Weekend Maintenance window testing (STP short term planning testing)

Employer: Cornerstone Technologies
Client: DMDC (Department of Defense)
July 2020 to July 2021
QA Analyst
Project Description: Performing test activities on MESA and PCN application and testing experiences of the personals participating in United States Department of Defense.

Responsibilities:
Responsible for analyzing FRD (Functional requirement documents) and involved in creating test cases which elaborated the customer needs, functional areas, test requirements.
Created test cases for MESA, and PCNNT application
Performed initial manual testing of the Web application MESA application such as MESA dashboard and MTAC, also performed testing on PCNNT application.
Also help in creating initial Test plan for PCNNT and MESA
Performed Functional, Smoke, Sanity and Regression testing in the system using SQL Queries.
Wrote SQL queries using joins, sub queries and inline views to retrieve data from the database.
Executed test cases for MESA Dashboard and MTAC and PCNNT application, and created detailed defect reports, tracking, verifying, and closing defects us.
Created detailed defect reports, tracking, verifying, and closing defects using JIRA.
Worked on Weekend Maintenance window testing (STP short term planning testing)

Employer: Human Resources Research Organization
Client: DMDC
Jan 2019 to May 2020
QA Analyst /Tester
Project Description: Performing test activities on iCAT and iCAT-AR (Internet based Computerized Adaptive Testing) application and testing experiences of the personals participating in United States Department of Defense.

Responsibilities:
Responsible for analyzing FRD (Functional requirement documents) and involved in creating test cases which elaborated the customer needs, functional areas, test requirements.
Created test cases for Cyber Test, Coding Speed and WPDT (Window Private Desktop)
Performed initial manual testing of the Web application iCAT, and iCAT-AR such as ASVAB, AFCT, PiCAT, and CEP.
Also performed initial manual testing of the web application WPDT (Window Private Desktop)
Performed Functional, Smoke, Sanity and Regression testing in the system using SQL Queries.
Wrote SQL queries using joins, sub queries and inline views to retrieve data from the database.
Executed test cases for iCAT and iCAT-AR application such as ASVAB, AFCT, PiCAT, and CEP.
, and created detailed defect reports, tracking, verifying and closing defects us.
Created detailed defect reports, tracking, verifying and closing defects using JIRA.
Worked on Weekend Maintenance window testing (STP short term planning testing)
Worked in Production go live testing for all web application (CEP, ASVAB, PiCAT, AFCT, and APT) during certain release.
Worked with Test Complete automation tool and executed regression test suite.

Employer: Integrated Resources INC
Client: Blue Cross Blue Shield of Tennessee
Jan 2019 to Aug 2019
Software Quality Assurance Engineer /Tester

Project Description: ITS Blue 2(Inter Plan Tele Process Blue Squared. This project is basically to enhance the existing Blue squared website. I worked on Blue Squared Host/Home plan for Listing Search, SCCF
History Search, Create New Message, Admin, Selective Purge, Claim Admin, Plan Profile. I trained two other QA about Blue2 application.

Responsibilities:
Responsible for analyzing BRD, FRD and involved in creating test cases which elaborated the customer needs, functional areas, test requirements.
Created test cases for Blue Squared Host/Home plan for Listing Search, SCCF History Search, Create New Message, Admin, Selective Purge, Claim Admin, Plan Profile
Performed initial manual testing of the Web application Blue Squared ITS (Inter Plan Tele Process) after creating test scenarios.
Attended Daily Standup Meeting for ITS and IDP Project for Agile Environment.
Performed Manual testing for the Web application for IDP after creating Test scenario
Conducted User training and Peer training for Blue2 and IDP Applications.
Used ALM (Application Life Cycle) to write test cases for Functional requirements
Used RTC (Rational Team Concert) to track User stories for Agile Environment and worked as Co- Ordinator for IDP project and worked with Offshore Team.
Performed Functional, Smoke, Sanity and Regression testing in the system using SQL Queries.
Wrote complex SQL queries using joins, sub queries and inline views to retrieve data from the database.
Executed test cases, analyzed problems, and created detailed defect reports, tracking, verifying, and closing fixed defects using ALM.
Worked on Agile methodology and participated in test case review meetings daily and requirements walkthroughs.

Employer: Info Matrix
Client : Pennsylvania State Department
Jan 2018 to Oct 2018
Software Quality Assurance Analyst /Tester

Project Description: SERS stands for State Employee Retirement system. This project is basically to enhance the existing SERS 1.0 system which was earlier developed in Oracle and now converting it from Oracle to Java oriented named as SERS 2.0. This Project I am currently working on POS (Purchase Service Type 1, 2, 3,4,5& 9), Retirement Estimates for Non-disability and disability Employee, and Check Journal which provides data of check payments sent by the Employee who purchased different plan before retirement.

Responsibilities:
Responsible for analyzing BRD, FRD and involved in creating test cases which elaborated the customer needs, functional areas, test requirements.
Created test cases for Retirement Estimates for Non-disability and Disability
Performed initial Manual testing of the Web application SERS (State Employee Retirement System) after creating test scenarios.
Used TFS (Team Foundation Server) to write test cases for Functional requirements
Used Enterprise Architects to check the workflows, Requirements and Roles for the particular Needs while creating Test Case and executing test scenario.
Performed Functional, Smoke, Sanity and Regression testing in the system using SQL Queries.
Wrote complex SQL queries using joins, sub queries and inline views to retrieve data from the database. Executed test cases, analyzed problems, and created detailed defect reports, tracking, verifying and closing fixed defects using TFS.
Worked on Agile methodology and Participated in test case review meetings daily and requirements walkthroughs.

Environment: Oracle10g, SQL, TFS (Team Server Foundation), Enterprise Architect, Windows XP, MS office, IE, TFS (Team Server Foundation defect tracking system), Microsoft Excel, Word.

Employer: Collabera
Client: AT&T - Clarksburg, MD
June 2016 to Sept 2017
QA Functional Tester

Project Description: AT&T is a leader in Tele-communication and mobile technology. This project is about testing the YODA, Oracle and WMS interfaces. Ensuring the Order and inventory flow is working as designed and providing support to other teams working on the End-to-End testing during various releases. Every 3 months, there is a release and before that release, we need to ensure that the latest code migrated in the CRP environment did not affect/broke the existing functionalities.

Responsibilities:
Experience with Cross Browser Web Testing and Mobile Browser testing (iOS / Android)
Prepared test data for testing. Prepared test plan/test cases to test the back-end Database by retrieving the data for the tables using SQL queries and joins.
Performed smoke testing for new builds and if application found stable enough then proceed else report to development project manager.
Performed manual testing by executing test cases for both positive and negative scenario
Created Test cases in MTM using SRS document and use cases and mapped the requirements to the test cases.
Managed defect resolution process and reported defects using Test Microsoft Test Manager. Documented and tracked Defects daily until resolved
Also prepared test cases for testing the YODA order flow to Oracle, WMS and back to YODA. Created various type of orders depending on their functionalities (DF Order, Bulk Order and Fee Order) for the test cases and tested to ensure if the flow of these orders from YODA to Oracle to WMS and back to YODA is working as per requirements.
Wrote test cases to test the functionalities of various menus in YODA such as Search (Order, Shipment WMS, Serial Number, Item, Customer, Fulfillment, Credit Card Payments)
Wrote test cases to test the functionalities of menu reference values (Commitment Pricing, Market Pricing, and Sales Rep). Tested the functionality to update the sales rep using data file template.
Used HPALM (Application Life Cycle management) to create the test cases. Import those test cases in test lab and tested per the expected results. Logged the actual results, uploaded respective screenshots and upon failure of a test case, created defect. Assigned the defect to the development and follow up. Once the defect is fixed, retesting and closure of defect.
Day to day job includes checking the Orders in YODA (Web based system) to release holds in YODA and Oracle, approval of ports in YODA. Adding inventory for items in Oracle in FDC (Fort Worth Distribution Centre) and MDC (Memphis Distribution Centre) organizations. Identifying where the order stuck and processing those orders further, identifying if shipping and invoicing for the orders are complete in Oracle and YODA, Adding SKU in YODA environment, processing RMA (Return Material Authorization) Orders to WMS. Running the concurrent requests in Oracle to process the deliveries stuck in Oracle-WMS interface.
Managed and updated inventory database daily in Oracle application suite for WMS System
Worked on Oracle application Order Management and Inventory modules. Adding Quantity to items, running concurrent requests, releasing holds, running interfaces to create delivery for order and ensuring delivery is transferred to Oracle. Running interface to pick up the shipped delivery from WMS and invoicing the orders in Oracle and further in YODA hence completing the end-to-end flow of Orders.
Assisting users from various teams in their teams by providing them their order, delivery, and shipment status.
Worked on Selenium WebDriver automation script in Java for cross browser testing.
Cross browser compatibility testing using Chrome, Firefox, IE browsers, Safari.
Used Jenkins for Continuous Integration to schedule the build jobs and Maven as the build management tool.
Used Jenkins to schedule a testing job for racks, servers and clients.
Daily team meetings to provided/collect status of testing, following up with development team on the status of defects.
Wrote complex SQL queries using joins, sub queries to perform SELECT, UPDATE and DELETE Environment: Oracle11g, SQL, PL/SQL, Windows 7, MS office, HP ALM (Application Life Cycle Management), SharePoint, Oracle application modules Order Management, Inventory.

Employer: Strategic Staffing Solutions
Client: DirecTV/AT&T - El Segundo, CA
Jan 2014 to May 2016
Software Quality Assurance Analyst
Project Description: DirecTV is an American direct broadcast satellite service provider and broadcaster. DirecTV provides television and audio services to subscribers through satellite transmissions. Services include the equivalent of many local television stations, broadcast television networks, subscription television services, satellite radio services, and private video services. Subscribers have access to hundreds of channels. I was working on HMC Project and test HR 34, Hr44, H25 STB and clients C41Pac, C31 Pac.

Responsibilities:
Wrote complex SQL queries using joins, sub queries and inline views to retrieve data from the database.
Working knowledge of Linux operating systems.
Working on Production Support to pick up tickets and debugged the issues in the SQL objects.
Performed Server-Client Integrations testing, Adding/Removal of Clients.
Working knowledge of Linux operating systems.
Worked on stress/performance testing for about more than 3 racks which had more than 300 different server such as HR44-500, HR44-200, HR54-200, HR44-700, HR54-500, HR54-700and clients such as C31/41/51/61-100/500/200/700.
Used Jenkins to schedule a testing job for racks, server and clients.
Execute the SoapUI test cases in SoapUI Pro, log the defects in JIRA tool and assign them to the developer.
Execute selected test scripts in SoapUI as soon as builds are deployed in DEV and Internal Validation Environment as part of sanity check/to ensure there are no deployment errors.
Execute Test Script in SoapUI for all the existing web services at the end of each Sprint to ensure all the previous functionalities are intact.
Cross browser compatibility testing using Chrome, Firefox, IE browsers, Safari
Used Jenkins for Continuous Integration to schedule the build jobs
Tested and verified new feature BBVOD and VOD 1-click playback, downloads, and recordings
Besides feature testing also involved in testing QT/FR Test Plan using Test Link. Builds provided at least twice a week used CVS as a source.
Worked on new features of the year 2013 which were DVR Lite for MRV Audit (Multi room viewing Audit) for HMC (Home Media Center).
Have tested on IPAD and Android phones and iPhone as well using DIRECTV app sources.
Working knowledge of Wi-Fi and networking technologies.
Performing functionality and regression testing, reporting bugs & verifying bugs. Involved in unit, integration, functional testing, system, smoke, and acceptance testing.
Executed test cases, analyzed problems, and created detailed defect reports, tracking, verifying, and closing fixed defects using JIRA.
Given Demonstration on the various features and mentor other team members.
Participated in test case review meetings and requirements walkthroughs.
Environment: Oracle10g, SQL, PL/SQL, Test Link, Windows XP, MS office, IE, Jira (defect tracking system), Linux, Wiki, Concurrent Versions System 1.0.4 (CVS), MS Excel, FileZilla_3.7.3_win32, Putty, VPL/Sling, Content Download Network (CDN) Simulator version 2.3, SHEF (Set Top box Http Exported Functionality), Data port, FTP (File Transfer Protocol).

Employer: Agama Solutions Role
Client: American Eagle Outfitter - Pittsburgh, PA
July 2013 to November 2013
Quality Assurance Analyst

Project Description: American Eagle Outfitters is using Sterling IBM software to implement new Order Management system project. The goal of this project is to provide omni-channel integration between store and online inventory availability and fulfillment of our products to satisfy our customers' demands. The initial phase of the project is to provide the capability to buy online and be able to ship the product from either our Direct-to-Consumer DC or select stores based upon configurable pre-defined sourcing rules.

Responsibilities:
Responsible for analyzing BRD, FRD and involved in creating test plans which elaborated the customer needs, functional areas, test requirements.
Performed initial Manual Testing of the application after creating test scenarios.
Performed Functional, Smoke, Sanity and Regression testing in the system using SQL Queries.
Worked on writing/debugging PL/SQL Procedures, Functions and Packages.
Coordinated and controlled testing through the entire Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
Performed API testing of all Interfaces sterling integrated with ATG platform of AE commerce website
Created company website with MS FrontPage and hosting company web development tools, site included eCommerce and affiliate networking campaigns.
Have tested on IPAD and Android phones and iPhone as well using American Eagle Outfitters app sources.
Used XML to update inventory on API admin section. Also read and understand XML logs.
Tested end to end flow of the orders from Order creation to Order shipped.
Improve the reach, effectiveness, and trustworthiness of the ecommerce application.
Performed Web Services testing of the messages using SOAPUI(WSDL/SOAP)
Execute the SoapUI test cases in SoapUI Pro, log the defects found in JIRA bug tracking tool.
Prepare Request and Response XML for all the test scenarios in Test Harness tool.
Execute selected test scripts in SoapUI as soon as builds are deployed in DEV and Internal Validation Environment as part of sanity check/to ensure there are no deployment errors.
Execute Test Script in SoapUI for all the existing web services at the end of each Sprint to ensure all the previous functionalities are intact.
Worked on Selenium WebDriver automation script in Java for cross browser testing. Used Testing annotations to group the test methods and for cross browser.
Cross browser compatibility testing using Chrome, Firefox, IE browsers, Safari over cloud using Sauce Labs
Used Jenkins for Continuous Integration to schedule the build jobs and Maven as the build management tool.
Verified Inventory changes for the orders placed and shipped on Sterling Console Application.
Performed testing different SKU and item for cancelled and backordered scenarios
Performed International order with foreign currency for the American Eagle website
Performed testing on different payment methods like PayPal, BML (Bill Me Later), JCB, MasterCard, VISA, American Express Card.
Tested credit cards to purchase good/clothes to test their web application www.ae.com. during this dummy card testing.
Interface with product stakeholder groups to define clear user stories and acceptance criteria for the backend eCommerce.
tested on card expiration dates as well as dummy names and dummy credit card number
Used sterling tool (Sterling Application Console) to perform Order sourcing and scheduling.
Used Sterling console to checked inventory on SKUs and items.
Wrote complex SQL join queries to extract data from database for unit and functional testing.
Updated the testing related documents including testing scenarios, test cases and relevant scripts throughout the later stages.
Tested POS application reports for reports of daily transactions, receipts of the goods purchased by the customer, a list of new products and maintain and update reports of stock.
Worked closely with the development staff with regards to system functionality and bug fixing.
Used Jira to track the defects and making pass-fail reports.
Worked with the technical teams investigating and resolving bugs based on the testing results
Attended weekly meetings and presented a progress report.

Employer: California State University, Financial Aid Office
Client: California State University
April 2010 to June 2012
Quality Assurance Analyst

Project Description: I was working on PeopleSoft application and was doing testing on Peoplesoft application.
Responsibilities:
Responsible for analyzing BRD, FRD and involved in creating test plans which elaborated the customer needs, functional areas, test requirements.
Performed initial Manual Testing of the application after creating test scenarios.
Performed Functional, Smoke, Sanity and Regression testing in the system using SQL Queries.
Worked on writing/debugging PL/SQL Procedures, Functions and Packages.
Coordinated and controlled testing through the entire Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
Used XML to update inventory on API admin section. Also read and understand XML logs.
Improve the reach, effectiveness, and trustworthiness of the application.
Knowledge on Selenium WebDriver automation script in Java for cross browser testing. Used Testing annotations to group the test methods and for cross browser.
Cross browser compatibility testing using Chrome, Firefox, IE browsers, Safari over cloud using Sauce Labs
Used Jenkins for Continuous Integration to schedule the build jobs and Maven as the build management tool.
Verified Inventory changes for the orders placed and shipped on Sterling Console Application.
Tested credit cards to purchase good/clothes to test their web application www.ae.com. during this dummy card testing.
tested on card expiration dates as well as dummy names and dummy credit card number
Wrote complex SQL join queries to extract data from database for unit and functional testing.
Updated the testing related documents including testing scenarios, test cases and relevant scripts throughout the later stages.

Environment: Hardware/Software: Quick Test Professional (QTP), HP Quality center/ALM, Jira, Excel Sheet, SQL Server, SQL, HP Service Test, Selenium IDE, HTML, ATG Database, Sterling Database, Jira, MS Excel, SQL Developer, IBM WebSphere MQ Explorer.

Education
Bachelor of Science in Computer Information System
California State University - Los Angeles, CA

Skills
Quality Center
HP ALM
SDLC
Jira
Jenkins
TFS
QTP
Test Cases
XML
APIs
Scrum
Agile
Contact this candidate