Richard Seffrin, Jr.
856-***-**** Philadelphia Email: ad2m49@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/richard-seffrin-434bab0117 Security Analyst
Ex-Research & Test Engineer with over 6 years’ experience transitioning into a Cyber Security Analyst role after completing a Cyber Security Master’s Program bootcamp and Certified in Ethical Hacking (CEH). Highly-motivated, analytically oriented, dedicated professional, with broad knowledge in a variety of network security components. Energetic self-starter, problem solver, and team player with excellent multitasking capabilities. Professional Experience
Research & Testing Engineer, Johnson & Johnson - DePuy Synthes, PA 1/2023– 5/2023
● Conduct and support mechanical testing activities within the DePuy Synthes MedTest Organization
● Analyze, interpret, and communicate real time results from testing activities
● Aid in designing new test fixtures/set ups in support of new product development
● Deliver data presentation
Mechanical Technologist, DuPont Electronics & Industrial, DE 4/2018 – 12/2022
● Responsible for sample preparation of polymers and polymer films for materials and mechanical testing.
● Performed a wide variety of materials and mechanical testing of polymers, glass, elastomers, copper laminates.
● Conducted failure analysis and inspection using optical and laser microscope as well as data analysis including digital image correlation.
● Reported results and analysis to project leads in a timely manner.
● Contributed to the growth of one high-profile program for major consumer electronics company by fulfilling my responsibilities (sample preparation, testing and sampling), which were awarded by monetary awards four times Construction Materials Testing Engineer, Advantage Engineers, NJ 6/2017 – 3/2018
● Completed the inspection/testing and the documentation of compaction of engineered fill (soil, crushed stone, asphalt), foundation and building pad subgrade as well as testing operations, including field work, of concrete and masonry.
● Met clients’ expectations by delivering results meeting industry requirements.
● Ran compression tests on concrete cylinders to ensure the concrete at the construction site met safety standards at intervals to show correct curing of concrete.
Pre-Construction Inspector (Intern), Riggs Distler & Co Inc., PA Summer of 2016
● Oversaw all operations of projects in residential areas of the Greater Philadelphia region to assure quality and progress of construction activities. My work helped the seamless execution of inspections by completing administrative duties, including PA One call to inform the state of Pennsylvania about UG Gas and Electric installation.
Infrared Thermographer Assistant (Intern), Jersey Infrared Consultants, NJ Summer of 2014
● Assisted thermographers with infrared imaging inspections of commercial and industrial facilities by collecting required data for subject roofs to photograph and by recording site conditions. Education
Simplilearn Cyber Security Master’s Program Bootcamp 5/2023
● CompTIA Network+
● CompTIA Security+
● Certified Ethical Hacker (CEHv12)
● Certified Cloud Security Professional (CCSP)
● Certified Information Security Manager (CISM)
● Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) B.S. in Mechanical Engineering (Minor in Materials Science), New Jersey Institute of Technology 5/2017 Academic Research Experience
Undergraduate Research Assistant, New Jersey Institute of Technology MIE, NJ 1/2017 – 5/2017
● Investigated thermo-mechanical deformation and failure of polycarbonate by conducting thermal quasi-static tensile testing combined with digital image correlation and FEA (Abaqus) Technical skills
● Safety Procedure Documentation
● Experience with Python, Jupyter Notebook, MatLab, and Javascript, SQL
● Basic knowledge of Abaqus (FEA)
● VMware Virtualization
● Proficient use of Microsoft software
● OS proficient: Kali Linux, Parrot OS
● Tools: Nmap, Maltego, Wireshark, Metasploit
● Knowledgeable of MITRE ATT&CK framework
Certification
● Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) by EC-Council, 2023
ECC1064923857
Leadership/Volunteering Experience
● Athletics, NJIT Men’s Swimming and Diving Division I, 2012 – 2016
Team Captain, 2015 – 2016
● Participated in Community Food Bank of New Jersey in Hillside, 2012 – 2016
● Volunteered as scorekeeper for Special Olympics, 2010 – 2012
● Volunteered with video creation of “Spread the Word to End the Word”, 2011 – 2012 Awards
● New Jersey Institute of Technology Dean’s List Fall 2014
● East Coast Athletic Conference Champion 500yrd and 1650yrd Freestyle, 2015
● Under Black Belt Champion - Fall EUSKKA Open Championship, 2018
● Men's Team Division Champions - Spring EUSKKA Championship, 2019
Contact this candidate