Paul Smith

DeRidder, LA *****(Remote prefered) ad2pms@r.postjobfree.com 337-***-****

Motivated tech mind with hopes to become a security analyst. I am expanding my knowledge and experience in Network Defense, ethical hacking, and digital forensics. Ready to apply recent studies from Southern New Hampshire University. . My goal is to protect resources and valuable information by creating and managing a robust and secure network as a Security Analyst.

TECHNICAL EDUCATION:
Cybersecurity Fundamentals Certificate Expected: September, 2023

Kenzie Academy from Southern New Hampshire University, Indianapolis, IN (remote)

Cybersecurity Fundamentals Certificate program is 9 months long and teaches on the Foundations of Cybersecurity, Network Security Controls, Cloud, Network and Device Security, Data Security, Ethical Hacking, Cyber Attacks and Countermeasures, Cyber Threats, Countermeasures and Testing, Computer Forensics, Operating Systems Forensics, and Dark Web and Malware Forensics. Training was done hands-on via I Labs from remote Locations.

Pursuing certifications in network defense, ethical hacking, and digital forensics.

Currently Enrolled in Digital Forensics set to graduate in October 2023.
Network Defense Essentials- 94.05%
Ethical Hacking- 94.1%
Digital Forensics- 91.11

My Goals are to obtain these three certifications By the end of 2023.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Controls and Framework
Intrusion Detection
Network Security Control
Operating Systems
Incident Response
Cloud
Threat Knowledge
Regulatory Guidelines
HTML
CSS
Troubleshooting
SIEM

TECHNICAL PROJECTS:

Evaluation of Home Network March 2023

I created a video presentation on an evaluation of my home network so that I could gain a detailed understanding of what makes up a robust home network defense and how to improve mine. I looked at all of my assets including IOT devices, network topology, backup plan, IP scheme, network access controls, physical controls, technical controls, and patch/ update management.

Pen Test report and Digital Forensics Report July 2023 /October 2023

Various projects for penetration testing reports and digital forensics investigations. These projects tested my ability to comprehend various stages of these tests and reports. For pen testing I had to accurately assess the security issues and speak on how the test would be performed, what tools to use, how to use each tool, legal compliance, revision of company policies and regulations pertaining to the report or test, continuation training methods, continuity of operations in a disastrous event, physical and logical controls, data acquisitions, preservation, file and folder analysis, and network/application analysis.

Acting Chief Technology Officer April 2023

This project was designed to gain an understanding of what an organization’s security policies and regulations may look like. This is so I could gain an understanding of what security regulations and policies truly look like in order to protect the resources of a company I could work for in the future. Completing this project had me review many aspects of security policies and regulations such as assessments and vulnerabilities, physical controls, technical controls, threats and threat management, acceptable use policy (AUP), mobile device management (MDM), personally identifiable information (PII), payment card industry security standards (PCI DSS), backup plans, risk management, continuation training, and continuity operations.

WORK EXPERIENCE:

It Internship May 15th - August 16th

AMERISAFE, DeRidder, Louisiana
Help Desk Tasks, Imaging computers using Smart Deploy, deploy computers to users in multiple departments, process return to inventory assets, run battery reports.
Worked with networking on upgrading switches.
Assisted cybersecurity with phishing emails, Darktrace alerts and Crowdstrike alerts. Helped develop some policies in Teams regarding information that needs to be limited to specific departments. Was able to attend meetings in regard to pentesting and discussions on the scope of work.
Passed all Okta essential courses and plans to pursue Okta certified Professional in the near future.

Customer Care Representative CCR March 2013 - June 2014

Asurion, Rapid City, South Dakota
Provide a world-class customer service experience for our customers by answering questions and diffusing frustrations.
Use advanced technical knowledge to solve technical support for programming and equipment issues.
Build trust with our customers and provide quality results in an efficient manner.
Answer a wide array of questions and provide education on complex issues, self-resolutions and offer value-added services so that customers are well informed and feel confident in my abilities.

ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Associate, Bealls Outlet, DeRidder, LA November 2022– Current
Be Energetic and engaging with internal and external customers to provide a one-of-a-kind customer service experience.
Utilize critical thinking skills to resolve customer issues to foster a positive experience.
Perform all functions of POS, Receiving and Stock, Housekeeping to promote the success of the business.
Contact this candidate