Tu Phan
Philadelphia, PA · 808-***-****
Email: ad2vcf@r.postjobfree.com · LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/minh-tu-phan-8626ab204 EDUCATION
Drexel University Philadelphia, PA
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science 06/2024
Minor in Security Technology GPA: 3.21/4.0
SKILLS
Programming Languages: Java (fluent), Python, C, C#, JavaScript, HTML/CSS, SQL, KQL. Tools and Framework: Azure AD, Sentinel, Crowd Strike, Microsoft Defender, Burp Suite, Nmap, Dirsearch, IntelliJ IDEA, Node, Docker, Git.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Pennoni Associate Philadelphia, PA
Security Analyst Co-op 04/2023 to 09/2023
● Enhanced real-time threat remediation by 60% through the monitoring of Azure Sentinel logs and alerts in conjunction with CrowdStrike and Microsoft Defender.
● Designed Playbooks to automate threat response with OpenAI, resulting in an 80% reduction in investigation time.
● Developed KQL queries and procedural guidelines for investigating 80% alert types.
● Validated the efficacy of vulnerability remediation for 3 high-severity vulnerabilities through post-penetration test analysis, ensuring a robust and secure system.
GTSC Cyber Security Remote
Junior Penetration Tester Co-op 05/2022 to 09/2022
● Executed comprehensive application penetration tests on client networks, resulting in the identification of 4 vulnerabilities, significantly fortifying overall security measures.
● Drove the successful remediation of 4 vulnerabilities by closely collaborating with the Research and Development team.
● Discovered and resolved multiple web security issues, including IDOR, business logic errors, information disclosure, and insecure deserialization.
● Spearheaded thorough security assessments of Java and C# codebases, uncovering vulnerabilities and implementing robust solutions that fortified system resilience, leading to a 50% decrease in attack surface. Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. Boston, MA
Vulnerability Management and Red Team Co-op 04/2021 to 09/2021
● Collaborated weekly with all system and application owners on identifying and remediating vulnerabilities.
● Assisted with recurring weekly and monthly vulnerability assessment and reporting.
● Identified and resolved vulnerabilities by collaborating with system owners and risk managers, resulting in a 40% decrease in potential security breaches and ensuring compliance with industry regulations.
● Developed a Python script for automated vulnerability analysis, resulting in a 90% reduction in time required to assess likelihood, impact, and severity.
Activities
National Cyber League Competition Philadelphia, PA Competitor 10/2020 to 11/2020
● Selected the top 5 students based on outstanding performance for participation in the competition.
● Achieved password recovery from hashes by employing Hashcat from 5 challenges
● Applied Bash and Python to scrutinize log files, successfully pinpointing intrusions and corrupt files.
● Analyzed internet traffic packets within capture files using Wireshark to detect intrusions.
● Executed reverse engineering and debugging of compiled programs, enhancing the understanding and optimization of software functionality.
Contact this candidate