Sandeep
ad2wej@r.postjobfree.com
+1-470-***-****

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

A Professional Expert and Technical Architect with 10+ Years of comprehensive experience in End-to-End IT management, Cyber security, Solution Designing, Modern Workplace, DaaS, SaaS, IaaS, M365 and Cloud Migrations.
Certified Microsoft in End point Administrator, Microsoft Azure Administrator.
Proficient in designing and implementing DaaS Solutions and Strong understanding of cloud computing and virtualization technologies.
Expert in DaaS - Simplified Device Management, Azure Virtual Desktop.
Experience in Security Operations Centre as Information Security Analyst, Senior Security Analyst, and Team Lead from June 2015 – till date.
Extensive experience in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) - Waterfall and Agile framework including Scrum and Kanban and Waterfall-Agile hybrid model.
Advance Cyber breach investigation/Analysis/Remediation (Botnet, CnC, Ransomware, and Phishing attacks).
Deep logs investigation and analysis using security device such as Intrusion Detection & Prevention (IDS / IPS), Trend Micro APT and Symantec Endpoint Protection.
Knowledge of Malware analysis, Vulnerability assessment and BCP/DR.
Knowledge on Physical security in information security.
Worked on Qualys VA and Forcepoint DLP tool POC.
Worked on Carbon Black EDR solution and Tanium endpoint security solution.
Having working experience on Project management and team management.
Working extensively on SCCM 2007, CM2012 & 2016 and strong experience in implementing SCCM.
Having keen idea on Windows 10 environment.
Microsoft Intune Certified Administrator
Excellent problem-solving skills with a strong technical background and good interpersonal skills.
SCCM 2007 & 2012 CAS Primary and secondary site Installation.
Task sequence creation
Creating Autopilot for Updates in Intune
App Deployment and Patch Distribution & Management troubleshooting
Client Installation, Monitoring & troubleshooting
Hands-on Experience in plan, analyze, design, test, and deploy enterprise scale Microsoft cloud infrastructure solutions (Azure).
Expert knowledge on Microsoft Debugging Tools (SYS Internals), Fiddler, MS Office & Windows Registries.
Recognized for delivering leading edge solutions that consistently meet complex business requirements.
An out of the box thinker with proven track record of establishing processes, SOP’s, streamlining workflow and creating team work environment to enhance productivity.
Conducted training session and trained for L2 and L1 on courses SCCM and Intune
Have good knowledge on Network Administration, Linux OS, Layers, OSI model and TCP/IP model.

TRAININGS & CERTIFICATIONS:

Certified Azure Administrator
Attended training on Azure Security Associate AZ-500, preparing for Certification
Attended Qualys Cloud Security Assessment Training.
Completed training on MS products like MDO, MDE and MDI
Trained on Verizon NDR (Protect wise) product.
Trained on Scrum master
Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL V4)
Windows Server 2008 Active Directory Configuration (MCTS)
Cisco Certified Network Administrator (CCNA)
Trained in Software Center Configuration Manager (SCCM) & Microsoft INTUNE
Salesforce Certified Administrator

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Operating System : Windows Client – 10 & 11, Windows Server – 2008R2/2012/2016 & MAC OS X
Windows Image Deployment & Administration, Linux (RedHat, Ubuntu, Kali).
Technologies: SCCM, SCOM, Intune, Azure AD, VM Ware, PowerShell,
CyberArk, PasswordVault, MS SQL, Tanium, Ibm mass 360, scrum master
SIEM Tool/Analytics : ArcSight ESM/Logger, QRadar, DNIF, Alien Vault, ELA, EIQ, Splunk,
Wireshark(basic), Nessus, Nmap, Microsoft defender
Mobile Device Management (MDM), Modern Workplace Solutions
Cloud Technologies : Microsoft Azure,VM Ware, Microsoft Hyper-v &O365, SalesforceAdministration Debugging Tools : Microsoft WinDbg, ProcMon, ProcDump, Process Explorer, Apple Diagnostics.
CRM Tools : ServiceNow, BMC Remedy & Salesforce
Project Management Tools : GitHub & ServiceNow Dashboards, MS Project
Other Skills : Malware Analysis and Vulnerability Management, Basics of Cloud Security,
Knowledge on Red Team activities.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Coventek
PERIOD
ROLE
STREAM
CLIENT

SEP 2023 to Ongoing
Project Manager
Research & Development
Coventek InHouse Support,Atlanta

Responsibilities
Solutions Architect for Coventek – Managing more than 20 thousand end points.
Responsible for managing Infrastructure Operations and Delivery which includes Providing Technical Consultation, Solution Implementation and Expert support.
Modern Work Place Expert worked on Modern Device Management & Hybrid Workplace Flexibility.
Led the initiation and planning phases of Microsoft Defender implementation projects, defining project scope, objectives, and deliverables.
Developed comprehensive project plans, outlining tasks, timelines, and resource requirements.
Orchestrated collaboration between IT, security teams, and end-users to ensure seamless integration of Microsoft Defender within the organization's infrastructure.
Facilitated communication and alignment among various stakeholders to address project requirements and expectations.
Identified potential risks and developed mitigation strategies to minimize the impact on project timelines and deliverables.
Regularly conducted risk assessments and implemented proactive measures to enhance the security posture of the organization.
Managed project budgets and allocated resources efficiently to optimize project outcomes.
Coordinated with finance teams to track expenses and ensure adherence to budgetary constraints.
Oversaw the customization and configuration of Microsoft Defender to align with specific organizational security policies and requirements.
Collaborated with technical teams to implement and fine-tune security policies, rules, and configurations.
Led the successful implementation and deployment of Microsoft Defender, ensuring minimal disruption to daily operations.
Conducted user training sessions to promote awareness and adoption of Microsoft Defender tools and features.
Implemented robust monitoring processes to detect security incidents and anomalies.
Developed and executed incident response plans, ensuring swift and effective resolution of security issues.
Established key performance indicators (KPIs) to measure the effectiveness of Microsoft Defender.
Generated regular reports on security metrics, providing insights to leadership on the overall security posture.
Initiated and led continuous improvement initiatives, incorporating feedback and lessons learned from previous projects to enhance future implementations.
Stayed abreast of the latest developments in cybersecurity and Microsoft Defender capabilities to inform ongoing improvements.
Proficient in the use of Tanium products and tools for security and systems management.
Led end-to-end implementation of Microsoft 365 suite, ensuring seamless integration with existing infrastructure.
Oversaw migration projects to transition on-premises solutions to Microsoft 365 cloud services.
Spearheaded the deployment of Microsoft Teams and SharePoint Online for enhanced collaboration and communication across the organization.
Implemented governance policies and security measures for M365 collaboration tools.
Implemented security measures within M365, including Conditional Access policies, Data Loss Prevention (DLP), and Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA).
Ensured compliance with industry standards and regulatory requirements in M365 deployments.
Developed comprehensive migration plans for Exchange Online, OneDrive for Business, and other M365 services.
Strong knowledge of cybersecurity best practices, compliance standards, and security frameworks
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills to identify and mitigate security threats.
Streamlined application distribution processes to improve efficiency and reduce manual tasks.
Ensured high patch compliance rates by leveraging Tanium to track and report on patch status across endpoints.
Developed and maintained patch compliance dashboards for easy monitoring and reporting.
Managed complex patching scenarios, such as phased deployments and rollbacks, to minimize disruptions.
Conducted thorough testing and quality assurance processes before deploying patches and applications, minimizing potential issues and conflicts.
Automated application deployment and updates through Tanium to reduce manual effort and errors.
Utilized Tanium's monitoring capabilities to track the progress of patching and application distribution in real-time.
Generated detailed reports to assess the success and compliance of patching and application deployments.
Responsible for Simplified End-of-Life Management, Scalability and Agility, Technology Refresh and Expert Support.
Implemented Desktop as a Service (DaaS) Simplified Device Management: Which includes creation of Desktop management tasks, relieving organization the burden of managing and maintaining their infrastructure to monitor, patch, and update devices remotely.
Lead large teams across different locations (EUC, IaaS, DaaS, SaaS, Collab, CyberArk, VDI, Printing, SCCM, Exchange, SPO, Office 365).
Collaborate with technical design teams to set standards for software, hardware, and security vendor management.
Maintaining high performance levels for service-related processes, and implementing improvement activities wherever necessary.
Worked closely with other Infrastructure teams and successfully designed and implemented Security Polices for DaaS such as: IAM, PIM, DLP, Azure Firewall, NSG’s, EDR and Azure Monitor.
Responsible in Provisioning Accounts in CyberArk PasswordVault, Troubleshooting AIM related issues, Password reconciliation any Synchronization issues.
Responsible for Deploying VMs into virtual networks, Configuring VM for optimum cost, performance, security, backing up VMs and potentially providing failover recovery.
Expert Knowledge on SCCM, Active Directory, GPO’s, Application Life Cycle & Windows OS Architecture for IT locations across Americas, Europe and APAC for On-prem and Azure VD clients.
Taking ownership of critical incidents, coordinating with resolution parties, and establishing effective communication between stakeholders for post-incident reviews
Project Planning, Implementation & Execution, Service Improvements & Automations. Working closely with Technical Leads and Architects across all Coventek - to design process and maintain set Service Level Agreements for smooth operations.
Implementation of Group Policies with respect to AD OU's. Windows OS Migrations & Operating System
Reviewing and Fine-tuning optimization of services, Accountability for service delivery performance, meeting customer expectations and driving future demand.

Infosys
PERIOD
ROLE
STREAM
CLIENT

FEB 2022 to AUG 2023
Project Manager
Research & Development
Mercedes-Benz, USA

Responsibilities
Solutions Architect for Mercedes-Benz Client – Managing more than 3.5Lakh end points.
Responsible for managing Infrastructure Operations and Delivery which includes Providing Technical Consultation, Solution Implementation and Expert support.
Modern Work Place Expert worked on Modern Device Management & Hybrid Workplace Flexibility.
Involved in SCCM Deployment process, Patching process deployment.
Deploy mobile devices to employees and configure them according to company standards
Install and update device firmware, applications, and settings in MDM
Implement the security process for Microsoft defend and palo alto firewall.
Responsible for managing Infrastructure Operations and Delivery which includes Providing Technical Consultation, Solution Implementation and Expert support.
Responsible for managing team budgets, keep a track and forecast the requirements accordingly.
Executed migration strategies to minimize downtime and user impact during the transition.
Led the M365 deploying team for 1 lakh endpoints.
Designed and conducted training programs to facilitate smooth user adoption of M365 applications.
Created documentation and training materials for ongoing user support and education.
Implemented Azure Active Directory (AAD) for centralized identity and access management in M365 environments.
Configured Single Sign-On (SSO) solutions for improved user experience and security.
Customized M365 solutions to align with business requirements, leveraging Power Platform for app development.
Integrated M365 with other third-party applications and services to streamline business processes.
Established monitoring systems for M365 services to proactively identify and address performance issues.
Generated regular reports on system usage, security incidents, and compliance metrics.
Created and maintained project documentation, including project plans, status reports, and change management processes.
Ensured adherence to governance policies and best practices in M365 projects.
Implemented continuous improvement processes for M365 services based on user feedback and evolving business needs.
Manage the support group to ensure ticket resolutions met with set SLA’s.
Project Planning, Implementation & Execution, Service Improvements & Automations. Working closely with Technical Leads and Architects across all Daimler locations - to design process and maintain set Service Level Agreements for smooth operations.
Effective communicator and collaborator, capable of working with cross-functional teams.
Spearheaded the planning phase of multiple projects, defining scope, objectives, and deliverables.
Developed comprehensive project plans, outlining tasks, timelines, and resource requirements.
Fostered strong relationships with stakeholders, ensuring alignment with project goals and objectives.
Conducted regular status meetings and provided transparent communication to all project stakeholders.
Proactively identified and mitigated potential project risks, minimizing their impact on timelines and outcomes.
Implemented risk management strategies to enhance project resilience.
Optimized resource allocation, ensuring efficient use of personnel and budget.
Collaborated with department heads to secure necessary resources for project success.
Facilitated collaboration among diverse teams, promoting a unified approach to project goals.
Reduced project timeline by 20% through process optimization, resulting in $100,000 in cost savings.
Led a cross-functional team of 25 engineers to launch a new software product on time and under budget, exceeding user satisfaction targets by 30%.
Identified and mitigated a critical risk factor early in the project, preventing a potential delay of 6 months and a $5 million loss.
Managed interdepartmental communications to enhance efficiency and cooperation.
Successfully managed project timelines, consistently meeting or exceeding milestone deadlines.
Utilized project management tools to track progress and identify potential bottlenecks.
Effectively managed project budgets, controlling costs and ensuring financial compliance.
Collaborated with finance teams to reconcile expenses and maintain budgetary discipline.
Implemented robust quality assurance processes, resulting in the delivery of high-quality project outcomes.
Conducted regular audits to uphold project specifications and standards.
Skillfully managed changes in project scope, evaluating impacts on timelines and resources.
Communicated changes transparently to team members and stakeholders, maintaining project alignment.
Maintained meticulous project documentation, including plans, reports, and meeting minutes.
Generated and distributed regular status reports, providing insights into project progression.
Led project teams with a focus on fostering collaboration, motivation, and a positive work environment.
Conducted team-building activities to enhance cohesion and productivity.
Established clear channels of communication with clients, ensuring their expectations were met or exceeded.
Conducted client meetings to gather feedback and incorporate improvements into project plans.
Conducted post-project reviews, identifying lessons learned and areas for improvement.
Implemented feedback mechanisms to facilitate continuous improvement in project management practices.
Provided training to team members on project management methodologies and tools.
Implemented automated patch management workflows to ensure timely updates and vulnerability mitigation.
Streamlined application distribution processes to improve efficiency and reduce manual tasks.
Developed and maintained patch compliance dashboards for easy monitoring and reporting.
Created custom patching rules and policies within Tanium to tailor patching strategies to the organization's specific needs.
Managed complex patching scenarios, such as phased deployments and rollbacks, to minimize disruptions.
Managed the entire application lifecycle, from initial deployment to updates and removal.
Conducted thorough testing and quality assurance processes before deploying patches and applications, minimizing potential issues and conflicts.
Automated application deployment and updates through Tanium to reduce manual effort and errors.
Scheduled deployments during non-business hours to minimize user disruptions.
Responsible in Sending Weekly & Monthly reports on SLA’s and Metrics to Senior Management.
Implementing Performance Improvement Plans for team members and design Functional goals for every assessment year. Drive continual improvement initiatives by providing regular feedbacks.
Collaborating with business to define solutions to meet business requirement and Infrastructure Governance.
Actively participating in Innovation and Automation – Successfully Implemented two ideas.
Working closely with Program Manager to maintain and set Service Level Agreements and reduce escalations.
Communicate maintenance schedules, operational issues and impacts to IT management.
Strong focus on service excellence and ownership for resolving customer issues.
Working with global colleagues to provide globally consistent processes and procedures.
Reviewing and Fine-tuning optimization of services, Accountability for service delivery performance, meeting customer expectations and driving future demand.
Responsible for Simplified End-of-Life Management, Scalability and Agility, Technology Refresh and Expert Support.
Lead large teams across different locations (EUC, IaaS, DaaS, SaaS, Collab, CyberArk, VDI, Microsoft defender, Printing, SCCM, Exchange, SPO, Office 365).
Maintain an accurate inventory of all mobile devices within the organization.
Track and manage device assignments, replacements, and retirements
Handling the team for providing proper support to other Analysts in BAU.
Regular interaction with the associated customer to update regarding security issues being noted in their infrastructure and provide them daily, weekly, and monthly Reports.
Taking part for preparing proper documents like Playbooks, Client DL /asset list, SOPs, and other standard operational documents.
Knowledge of Malware analysis, Vulnerability assessment and BCP/DR.
Knowledge on Physical security in information security.
Having working experience on Project management and team management.
Basic working experience and acquiring knowledge on Mergers & Acquisitions.
Deep investigation on critical alerts from SIEM for proactive prevention of threats Monitoring, analyzing and alerting real time incidents
Monitoring, analyzing logs from various security appliances using Sentinel console.
Worked on EDR, MCAS, MDATP.
Involved in SCCM patching process deployment.
Check health of device every week and sharing report of device in Intune.
to requirement
Taking ownership of critical incidents, coordinating with resolution parties, and establishing effective communication between stakeholders for post-incident reviews
Reviewing and Fine-tuning optimization of services, Accountability for service delivery performance, meeting customer expectations and driving future demand.

MIcroland
PERIOD
ROLE
STREAM
CLIENT

APRIL 2018 to FEB 2022
Deputy Manager
Research & Development
BEGIN Biotech, USA
Responsibilities
Begin Biotech – Managing more than 40 thousand end points.
Involved in SCCM Deployment process deployment.
Responsible for managing Infrastructure Operations and Delivery which includes Providing Technical Consultation, Solution Implementation and Expert support.
Responsible for support and implementation of Azure Information Protection (AIP), Windows Defender, InTunes MDM & Azure Backup.
Responsible in Providing Technical Consultation, Solution Implementation & Win10 Deployments for Daimler IT locations across Europe, Americas and APAC in both Azure Virtual Desktop and Physical Hardware.
Practicing ITIL Process and Managing In-house Infrastructure, which includes IT Hardware and End Clients, Operating Systems, Software Procurements and technical assistance.
Involved in Planning, Execution, Closure and after support of on-prem Clients and Servers to Azure Virtual Desktop.
Handling Technical escalations on AD, GPO’s, Exchange, DNS, DHCP, Group Policies, SCCM, OS Deployments,
Migrations, Software Distribution & Local IT Support.
Designed and Implemented DLP for Azure Virtual Desktops with defined rules.
Collaborating with business to define solutions to meet business requirement and Infrastructure Governance.
Working closely with Program Manager to maintain and set Service Level Agreements and reduce escalations.
Communicate maintenance schedules, operational issues and impacts to IT management.
Strong focus on service excellence and ownership for resolving customer issues.
Responsible for managing team budgets, keep a track and forecast the requirements accordingly.
Manage the support group to ensure ticket resolutions met with set SLA’s.
Responsible in Sending Weekly & Monthly reports on SLA’s and Metrics to Senior Management.
Implementing Performance Improvement Plans for team members and design Functional goals for every assessment year.
Drive continual improvement initiatives by providing regular feedbacks
Provide technical support to end-users for mobile device issues.
Troubleshoot and resolve hardware and software problems remotely.
Modern management of Windows 10 using Windows Autopilot
Responsible for configuring & managing App Protection Policy and Configuration Policy.
Real time troubleshooting related to SCCM issues.
Involved in SCCM patching process deployment.
Monitoring, analyzing logs from various security appliances using Arc Sight ESM console, Arc Sight Logger and connectivity troubleshooting issues.
Install and update device firmware, applications, and settings in MDM
Maintain an accurate inventory of all mobile devices within the organization.
Created filters, active channels, queries in Arc Sight for monitoring purpose.
Tracking and reporting the configuration changes in routers, switches through dashboard.
Deploy mobile devices to employees and configure them according to company standards
Reporting device/interface down events to maintain maximum uptime and thus helping in preventing any log loss or minimizing any delay.
Monitoring Active Channels and Dashboards.
Maintain an accurate inventory of all mobile devices within the organization.
Analyzing and looking after proactive solutions of the spam emails
Manage queries, reports, Filters, Connectors, and Active Channels in Arc Sight.
Creating the Documents of incidents Response of various Incidents received
Prepared daily, weekly and monthly and ad-hoc reports.
Triage collection of infected machines and analyzed using (Redline) Tool.
Check health of device every week and sharing report of device in Intune
Creating the software update group.
Creating the individual search for Windows Updates.
Adding the security updates Windows Updates to update groups.
Downloading the software updates.
Deploying the security updates to UAT, PILOT & Production.
Documentation of every month patches.
Preproduction testing of patches.
Troubleshooting and diagnosing the SCCM log files for patching related issues for users.
Knowledge of installation and configuration WSUS / Integrated SCCM Patch management.
Knowledge on 3rd party patching with SCUP.
Knowledge on integration of SCUP with WSUS and SCCM.
Migrations, Software Distribution & Local IT Support.
Collaborating with business to define solutions to meet business requirement and Infrastructure Governance.
Working closely with Program Manager to maintain and set Service Level Agreements and reduce escalations.
Communicate maintenance schedules, operational issues and impacts to IT management.
Strong focus on service excellence and ownership for resolving customer issues.
Responsible for Windows OS Migrations from Win7 to 10 (targeted to 20 thousand end clients).
Automated few tasks on Windows10 OS, which includes folder redirection, home drive synchronization.
Subject Matter Expert for WinServer2012, 2016 & Windows7, 8.1 and 10 Client Operating Systems.
Working with global colleagues to provide globally consistent processes and procedures.
Responsible for managing team budgets, keep a track and forecast the requirements accordingly.
Manage the support group to ensure ticket resolutions met with set SLA’s.
Hands-on Experience in Managing enterprise environment using various virtualizations
Streamlined the processes and working closely with leaders of various other CoE's.
Creating the Task sequence according to the requirement.
Targeting the task sequence to the collections.
Customizing SQL queries, reports as per requirements.
Having knowledge on creating custom reports by report builder.
Creating datasets for drop down options in reports.
Having knowledge on how to creating query-based collection by using power shell
Initiate hardware and software inventory by using power shell on remote machines.
Responsible in Sending Weekly & Monthly reports on SLA’s and Metrics to Senior Management.
Implementing Performance Improvement Plans for team members and design Functional goals for every assessment year. Drive continual improvement initiatives by providing regular feedbacks.
Actively participating in Innovation and Automation

Microland
PERIOD
ROLE
STREAM
CLIENT

Oct 2014 to April 2018
Senior system Admin
Managed service
Daimler

Responsibilities
Escalation Lead for a Team of 6 Tier2 System Administrators for In-House IT Support.
Strong Knowledge on Windows Administration and Providing L3 level support.
Complete Asset Management handled seamlessly.
Installing server operating system windows Server (2003, 2008, 2012)
Installation and configuration SCCM Client & WMI remediation.
Sending project milestones and updating the client about the progress of the project regularly.
Managing the SCCM reports for patching and client’s status.
Performed remote installations and product fixes, as well as various troubleshooting support.
Providing Trainings to New Associates and Send Weekly, Daily Reports to the Management representing Infrastructure Teams.
Extensive Experience with troubleshooting Windows Installer (MSI) & Windows Installer Transforms (MST) installation and runtime errors.
Creating configuration items.
Creating configuration base lines.
Deploying baselines to respective collections.
Distribute the content to Distribution point and groups.
Deploying the application model and package model to device collections.
Deploying the application for self-service portal.
Creating package model for deployments.
Configuring Servers Roles - AD, DHCP, DNS, Exchange.
Configuration and Troubleshooting File Server, Print Server for Domain Access.
Installing and Managing Anti-Virus Software (Symantec, McAfee) for all Clients and servers
SCCM patch management: OS deployment through SCCM OSD and MDT.
Creation and configure packages, programs, advertisement and collections for Software Distribution.
Handling with Antivirus Server and server related queries with User Updates.
Creating Local Profiles to the local users for customizing desktop settings.
Testing Different Application Packages before Pilot Release on Windows 7 and Investigate the Application Connectivity from different Applications, Vendors and Partnered Networks.
Testing application model and package model in UAT and PILOT environment and rollout it in production.
Creating the individual search for Windows Updates.
Adding the security updates Windows Updates to update groups.
Downloading the software updates.
Deploying the security updates to UAT, PILOT & Production.
Documentation of every month patches.
Having knowledge on modifying MOF files to extend Hardware inventory.
Installation of various software and applications according to company policies
Installing and troubleshooting hardware and software issues.

EDUCATION
B. Tech (ECE) from Sri Vasavi Engineering collage (JNTUK) with First Class degree in 2010
M.Tech (Information security and cyber forensics) S.R.M University Chennai with First Class degree in 2013
Contact this candidate