Cecil C. Havins
**** *. ********* **, *** ****C
Sierra Vista, Az 85635
Phone 817-***-****

Work Experience John Peter Smith Hospital – Fort Worth, TX Position: Information Security Analyst: Sept, 2016 – Nov, 2020 Numerous responsibilities to include: Experienced analyst using various tools and applications such as QRadar, BitDefender, Active Directory, Outlook, ServiceNow, Microsoft Office second way to authenticate your password for your email like sending it to your phone so let me just see what it looks like Suite. Authored and wrote various internal procedures for work in Information Security used in IT while at JPS. Performed monthly tasks and using data obtained from research, published monthly reports as required. Worke d with users all across JPS network including physicians, nurses, IT staff and upper management to ensure users understood the ways of IT and the critical safeguard of sensitive information. Investigated all reports of missing hardware to include interviewing applicable users and working with applicable law enforcement to complete investigation and possible recovery of missing equipment. Schedule and conduct one-on-one meetings using TEAMS,
Zoom, Skype and other tools to engage users to better understand needs of the user community and provide solutions as needed. Researched new equipment specifications in an effort to determine not only user needs but information security requirements. Kept up to date in a vast changing IT environment to ensure JPS network was sound, protected and usable for all the needs of the JPS workforce. Highly involved with the design, development, and maintenance of information security policy and remaining well informed about HIPAA regulations communicated by the Office of Civil Rights. Monitored and coordinated investigation of security incidents through ServiceNow that including lost devices, improper use of patient data, alerts from Cylance and Symantec endpoint protection tools, and unauthorized use of user credentials. Assisted with testing, updating, and fine-tuning the IT department’s disaster recovery plan. Reviewed events generated from the IBM QRadar SEIM related to firewall, server system logs, and events from endpoint protection systems. Assisted auditors, consultants, and other third parties with information security reviews and investigations. Activities included coordination of document requests, arranging interviews with key stakeholders, and reporting results to company management.
Participated and assisted with developing the rules for encrypted emails and scanning of private data within the Proofpoint email protection portal.

Lockheed Martin – Fort Worth, TX Position: ALIS System Administrator Sr: Aug, 2011 – July, 2016 Perform System requirements definition, analysis, design, test and integration Update and improve internal procedures and processing for maintaining ALIS systems Work with ALIS Team to complete all hardware deployments User account creation Perform ALIS system maintenance and updates Perform message tracing from one ALIS system to another Perform user interface to include problem resolution and in- depth assistance Work all necessary Field Surveys and Data Transfer Records in support of ALIS team and other sites Provide excellent customer service to all Position: Computer Systems Architect Sr Provide security design guidance and direction to ALIS team to ensure development and fielding of a certifiable system Created/authored supporting documents in supporting roles of Security Sustainment, Network Operations, Training systems and Platform Information Te c h n o lo g y Developed Continuity of Operations Plan and Disaster Recovery Plan for ALIS data center

Position: Computer Systems Security Analyst Sr: May, 2010 – June, 2011 Served as Information Assurance Officer, Security Operations Office and Information Systems Security Officer Wrote processes for each of the U.S. Army simulators at Cannon AFB, NM to obtain approval for Authority to Operate. Worked with other Information Assurance Officers from other installations for proper certification of flight simulators for U.S. Army Ciber Data Systems – Fort Polk, LA Position: Server Administrator – Aug, 2009 – May, 2010 Ensured all network servers were operational, updated and equipped with latest hardware/software for mission requirements Reviewed all audit records on all servers to ensure efficient operating systems were available for the customer Administrated the Blackberry cell phone program for the entire installation to include issuance, configuration, troubleshooting and return of devices

Sikorsky Aircraft Corp – Fort Worth, TX Position: Information Assurance Engineer: May, 2007 – June, 2009 Ensured all information used on aircraft met all applicable DoD standards and contractor requirements Monitored: Multi-level security ground-based systems Aircraft onboard systems
All related subsystems Applicable components Interfaces with other systems Authored many requirements of systems and subsystems related to: Information security and information assurance networks Stand-alone systems Public law concerning information security, regulations and standards Created, maintained and uploaded information assurance requirements to applicable DOORS systems Joint Readiness Training Center – Fort Polk, LA Position: Information Assurance Security Manager – Jan, 2007 – May, 2007 Developed, issued and implemented security procedures and protocols governing network operations, per applicable Army directives and regulations Reported security violations and incidents to servicing upper echelon in accordance with established directives Prepared and maintained disseminations, plans, instructions and standard operating procedures concerning network security. Education: Army Management Staff College: Sept, 2003 – Dec, 2003 U.S. Army Intern Program: 1994 - 1996 Var i o u s Management Information Systems courses taken at Cochise College, Sierra Vista, AZ
Professional training in many courses during my career in Civil Service and Dept of Defense Civil Service Retired: Aug, 1987 – Sept 2005 Personal and Professional references supplied upon request.

Worked part-time at Lowe’s Home ImProvement in Texas, Louisiana and New Mexico. Worked all departments depending on need, including Tools, Electrical, Plumbing, Inside Garden, Lumber, and Cashier.
Contact this candidate