Olanrewaju Sonaike
ad30ud@r.postjobfree.com Dallas, Texas 469-***-****
SUMMARY
Adept at analyzing and investigating potential cyber incidents. Self-motivated and goal-oriented cyber security professional with over 4 years of experience in SOC analysis with hand-on-experience in advance cyber security toolsets. Performing comprehensive computer surveillance/monitoring and identifying vulnerabilities and processes to ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of agency information resources. Experience in deterring, identifying, containing, investigating, and preventing cyber-attacks on the network and on endpoints.
SKILLS
Ticketing systems: ServiceNow (SNOW) & JIRA
Network/Vulnerability Scan: Wireshark & Nessus
SIEM Analytics: Splunk, Azure Sentinel and Phantom
Endpoint Detection and Response – Defender (MDE), Crowdstrike, Sentinelone
Email Security: Proofpoint, Symantec, Mimecast and O365
Cloud Application: Azure Sentinel, Azure AD, Azure ATP, Cloud App Security, Microsoft defender, O365 Protection & Security
Dynamic and Static Malware analysis using OSINT and MalwareVC
FireEye (NX, HX & Malware analysis)
Network Communication Protocols: (ICMP, IP, UDP, TCP, ARP, HTTP, HTTPS, SSL, SNMP, POP, SSH, FTP, SCP, SFTP, LAN, WAN, MAN, WLAN etc. )
Experience in real-time monitoring and alerting of applications deployed in AWS managed services (CloudWatch, CloudTrail, and Simple Notification Service).

EXPERIENCE
SOC Analyst II Rogers Communication (May 2022 - Present)

Provide timely detection, identification, and alerting of possible attacks/intrusions, anomalous activities, and misuse activities and distinguish these incidents and events from benign activities.
Receive and analyze network alerts from various sources within the enterprise and determine possible causes of such alerts.
Investigate emails and attachments to identify the presence of any phishing or malware attack and to prevent the loss of sensitive data.
Use cyber defense tools for continual monitoring and analysis of system activity to identify malicious activity.
Performing deep dive analysis on threat detected and are suspected to be true positive.
Conducting security vulnerability and risk assessments using social engineering to identify system liabilities and develop remediation plans and security procedures.
Creating and updating security event investigation notes, conduct shift change reports on open cases, and maintain case data in the Incident Response Management platform.
Performing event correlation using information gathered from a variety of sources within the enterprise to gain situational awareness and determine the effectiveness of an observed attack.
Providing timely detection, identification, and alerting of possible attacks/intrusions, anomalous activities, and misuse activities and distinguishing these incidents and events from benign activities.
Receiving and analyzing network alerts from various sources within the enterprise and determining possible causes of such alerts.

Cybersecurity Analyst Bank of Montreal (Feb 2016 – May 2022)

Utilized Security Information and Event Management (SIEM), Intrusion Detection & Prevention (IDS / IPS), Data Leakage Prevention (DLP), sniffers and malware analysis tools.
Performed security operations, abuse detection, incident management, reverse engineering, security analysis and testing.
Responded to client support request tickets, calls, and emails in a timely and professional manner.
Monitors logs and alerts from both Windows and Linux endpoints for log correlation, threat intelligence, and to identify security incidents.
Created and updated security event investigation notes conducted shift change reports on open cases and maintained case data in the Incident Response Management platform.
Captured suspicious emails going to external senders from our internal users whose email was flagged for ethical red flags or certain words configured to be.
Assisted analyst investigation and ticket creation efforts. Provide daily monitoring and alerting of events that occur within the near real time environment.
Managed the SOC mailbox and monitor and analyzed the emails for threats including phishing and malware and escalates per procedure.
Monitored, evaluated, and assisted with the maintenance of assigned security systems in accordance with industry best practices to safeguard internal information systems and databases.
Stay informed of current events in the security industry including the latest exploits and threats as well as preventative measures, remediation, and restoration techniques.
Oversee and ensure P1 and P2 incidents are handled according to operational procedures. Document areas of improvement through after-action reports and work with necessary parties to resolve any findings.
EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATIONS
Bachelor of Science (Economics), York University, Toronto, ON.
CompTIA Security +
Certified Professional Scrum Master (PSM)
Project Management Professional (PMP)
Contact this candidate