Daniel Thibodeau
Menifee, CA ***** 909-***-**** ad32k7@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/daniel-thibodeau
Summary
Cybersecurity professional, CompTIA Security+ certified with a diverse background and excellent leadership skills. Presently handling Tier I/II Analyst duties in a closed SOC environment, performing asset/network protection, and root cause. Experienced in monitoring, threat detection, investigation, documentation, and remediation through SIEM, EDR, Email security, and other enterprise-grade security tools. A dependable and detail-oriented team worker, seeking an opportunity to grow within your organization.

Technical Skills: SIEM: Splunk Enterprise Security
EDR: Sentinel One, CrowdStrike Falcon
Email Security: Proofpoint / Manual Phishing Investigations
Ticketing: IBM QRadar SOAR Resilient / Jira
Vulnerability Analysis: Tenable io, Nessus
Asset Management: Armis, OPManager
Frameworks: MITRE Att&ck, SANS, OSI Model, Cyber Kill Chain, OWASP Top 10

Professional Experience

Cybersecurity Analyst CyberNow Labs, Sterling, VA 01/2023 - Present
Cohort moderator
Cohort SOC lead and assistant to SOC Director. Assist SOC Director with daily responsibilities.
Triage notable, incidents, and threats using SANS incident response.
Conduct EDR investigations.
Conduct email phishing investigation through ProofPoint and manual process.
Perform root cause and collaborate with teams on difficult investigation analysis.
Monitor logs in Splunk and provide recommendations to oversite teams via ticketing systems, Resilient, and Jira.
Utilized enterprise Tenable.io, Acunetix, and NetSparker to perform vulnerability assessments on endpoints, applications, and networks, while writing technical reports focused on improving overall security posture while following change management policies.
Analyze Wireshark Packet Capture (PCAP) files, examine details of the infected hosts, and detail Indicators of Compromise (IOC) in an executive summary report.
Relay inconsistencies and/or anomalies with internal systems to engineering.
Built and use VM home lab environment for research, malware detonation, SIEM configuration, deployment in Kali Linux, configured elastic agents for log collection, and forwarded data to SIEM for event monitoring.

Caregiver Parent Menifee, CA 12/2020 - Present
Provide compassionate care for elderly family member. Enhance well-being by providing an interactive personal and emotional positive living environment. Assist with bathing, dressing, and grooming. Manage all medication and physician schedules.

Tax Processor I Lereta, LLC Rancho Cucamonga, CA 04/2018 – 12/2020
Prioritize the gathering and accurate reporting of time-sensitive real estate tax information within multi-state geographic regions.
Ensure accurate dates and information are maintained on Agency Profile and Reporting Calendar systems.
Advise of unusual tax office circumstances or requirements that could endanger the timely reporting.
Interpret tax amount data and statuses per property taxes received from taxing agency jurisdictions and effectively report tax status to internal and external customers.

Virtual Reality / Computer-Printer Sales BDS Marketing 09/2017 – 04/2018
Provide in-person simulations of Windows Mixed Virtual Reality, Oculus Quest Virtual Reality, and Facebook/Meta Portal products.
Provide printer support and demonstrations.
Increase sales through active engagement. Educate customers on the latest products and features.
Responsible for representing the Meta Quest VR headset by conducting demonstrations, driving sales, and ensuring relationships within the stores are developed and maintained.
Ensure Best Buy associates receive training and sales forecasts on products.

Loan Modification & Regulatory Specialist Bank of America, Brea, CA 09/2011 – 09/2017
Ensure high-risk, high-brand exposure cases from The Chairman & CEO office, CFPB, OCC, BBB, Regulatory Agencies, Law Offices, and Special Interest Groups are resolved within service level agreements.
Use multiple in-house applications to process loan modifications and assist with underwriting.
Provide suggestions regarding procedural and operational changes.
Assist in the training of new advocates.
Maintained a deep understanding of new and existing regulations that impact the bank.
Recommend a course of remediation for the bank to achieve the necessary levels of compliance.
Responsible for helping clients avoid foreclosure, and assisting in all home retention methods.

Education
WGU Cybersecurity Bachelor’s Degree in process
Brandman University Business Admin Junior-level

Trainings & Certifications
Training: Foundations of Operationalizing MITRE ATT&CK, FedVTE Understanding DNS Attacks, Splunk Power User and Administration in process
Certifications: CompTIA Security+, Armis Cyber Defense Core, Fortinet Network Security Expert levels 1-3,
Revelstoke Certified
Contact this candidate