DAVID D. JONES
Jacksonville, FL ***** (***) ***-*4z73
ad3fus@r.postjobfree.com
linkedin.com/in/david-jones-13046277

Marine Veteran with an active Secret Clearance and 9+ years of proven experience in directing personnel, resource management, and adhering to regulations, balancing multiple projects all while still maintaining a focus on subordinate professional development. Accomplished measurable results while leading teams in a dynamic, fast-paced environment. Seeking a Cyber Security Analyst position with a focus on vulnerability management, scanner and vulnerability assessments, and endpoint detection and response. With extensive knowledge of security protocols and a track record of successfully securing networks and systems, I am seeking to join a dynamic organization where I can leverage my skills to help protect against cyber threats.

Security +
Network +
Business Administration
Problem Solving
CompTia A+
EndPoint Detection & Response

Operations Management
Training Development
Human Resources
Vulnerability Management

Personnel Administration
Customer Service
PCI Compliance
Policy Implementation

KEY HIGHLIGHTS

Organizational Leadership Proficient in managing and leading teams and individuals, clear communication and organization and always taking initiative.
Human Resources Management Proven track record of accurately completing research, reporting, information management, human resources, and management efforts within time and budget requirements. Highly focused and results-oriented in supporting complex, deadline-driven operations, identified goals, and priorities and resolve issues in initial stages.
Administrative Support: Adept at developing and maintaining detailed administrative and procedural processes that reduce redundancy, improve accuracy and efficiency, and achieve organizational objectives. Knowledge of business and management principles of business communications including letter formatting, memorandums, and reports.
Deployed Ansible and configured automation playbooks for Linux and Windows Virtual Machines.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

United States Postal Service Green Cove Springs, FL Aug. 2019 – Present
Postal Clerk
Unloaded mail from trucks by separating mail received from trucks and conveyors for dispatch to other conveying units and separates and delivers mail for delivery to distribution areas.
Received supply requests, reviewed, and approved for completeness and conformity to guidelines and serviced 1K customers, and processed 4.6K supply transactions.
Processed and moved property for 180 hazardous material supply accounts to include 2.2K items and 613 due-out releases.
Places processed mail into sacks while removing filled sacks and pouches from racks to secure and lock sacks and pouches.
Install, repair, configure electrical devices, which is not apart of my normal duties.

Pivotal LNG Jacksonville, FL Oct. 2017 – Apr. 2019
Admin Assistant
Oversaw human resources, payroll, training, interviewing, and personnel record management duties, planned and established priorities, assigned and directed work to subordinates, and serve as principal administrator for all departmental functions
DAVID D. JONES PG.2

Admin Assistant (Conti.)
Provided guidance and interpretation on critical and non-critical Human Resources policies and standard operating procedures for 100+ employees and supervisors
Responsible for preparing initial documentation regarding planning stages. Reviewed contract plans and process reports based on their findings saved the company $2M
Performed 100% quality control measures on all outgoing equipment preventing potential accountability violations

United States Marine Corps Camp Pendleton, CA Cherry Point, NC Mar. 2008 – Jul. 2017
Human Resource Assistant Manager
Providing exceptional personnel administrative support to Commanders, Sailors, Marines, and family members by ensuring military personnel records and pay accounts are accurate and properly maintained ensuring personnel are administratively ready for worldwide deployment with the operating forces.
Oversaw human resources, payroll, training, interviewing, and personnel record management duties, planned and established priorities, assigned and directed work to subordinates, and serve as principal administrator for all departmental functions
Developed and implemented standard operating procedures for an array of unit activities, including an in-processing system that improved unit manpower within the company by 50%, enabling the unit to focus on the mission at hand
Revitalized the organization’s Human Resource office Standard Operation Procedures and Human Resources Information Systems (HRIS) increased productivity by 70%
Oversaw and coordinated 100+ employees, by improving the onboarding and orientation program for new employees and supervisors, developed a more knowledgeable and effective process for all team members

EDUCATION CERTIFICATION

Associate in Arts (A.A.) IT Security Florida State College University (In Pursuit)
Relevant Coursework includes SAS Programing, Software Configuration, and Linux

Certificate of Completion Cybersecurity Detroit School of Digital Technology
Relevant Coursework includes network forensics, cybersecurity management, cryptography, risk management, & cloud security.

Certificate of Completion PCI Compliance Qualys Training & Certification

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Software Microsoft Office Suite, 365
Operating Systems Mac Microsoft Windows Linux
Cybersecurity Risk Management Information Security Policy Compliance
Contact this candidate