Jonathan Jr. Telfort
617-***-****
ad3ot0@r.postjobfree.com

Sr. Epic Security Analyst Identity Access Management Analyst.
High-Performance Epic Security Analyst IAM Consultant.

Oversee application analysts assigned to the security workgroup, appreciate Epic’s security infrastructure, and use that understanding to provide security for users appropriately. Support the company’s mission by implementing identity access management activities, operational support, and projects, including the development, design, integration, and execution of single sign-on, access provisioning, and federation solutions across the health system. Solid understanding of authentication and authorization concepts and methodologies, knowledgeable of compliance and regulatory requirements, covering HIPAA, SOX, PCI, and the NIST standards, as well as familiarity with internal control risk management, IT, controls, and other related measures.

●Identity & Access Management
●Security Control & Compliance
●Quality Assurance.
●Oracle.
●Epic Security
●Project Management
●EMR EHR- Epic, Meditech, Cerner, Allscripts Paragon, McKesson Paragon, HEO, Go-Live Support. Rover, Haiku Support.
●Integrated Testing. Functional testing.
●Knowledge of Sunquest Lab.
●Experience w/ vulnerability analysis and/penetration testing experience.
EXPERIENCE:

Vista Medical Center East, Waukegan, IL Sr. Security Epic Application Analyst & IAM Analyst: July 2023 – January 2024

●Participated with analyzing system requirements, preparing specifications, designing, testing, debugging and documenting. Implements complex requirements for multiple platforms, operating systems, and applications.
●Assisted with the ongoing maintenance, testing, support, and optimization of Epic user security and provider management, in addition to Identity Governance and Role-Based Access Controls (RBAC).
●Applied technical expertise to implement and optimize EMR workflows and data capture.
●Experienced with EMP templates, SER build, and provisioning.
●Performed QA Audit report resulted in changes to over 2,000 settings just weeks prior to go-live, averting a potential go-live crisis.
●Monitored progress of software based projects by tracking activity on our tracking board, resolving problems, progress reports, & recommending actions throughout different application teams.
●Mentored customers to up-level their system knowledge and analyst skills.
●Analyzed operational and business requirements, and translated into system configuration.
●Created build documentation and workflow diagrams.
●Tracked and resolved project risks and issues.
●Led meetings and participate in ongoing work-product coordination.
●Developed robust knowledge transfer documentation to hand-off deliverables to customer teams.
●Participated in and performed epic security documentation and security auditing.
●Performed epic security reporting & protocol testing following epic security guidelines
●Experienced in development/support of workflows, forms and other Imprivata
●Planned, designed, built, validated, tested, implemented, and supported information systems to meet assigned customer needs.
●

Oklahoma Health University, Oklahoma City Sr. Epic Security Application Analyst & IAM Analyst:
June 2022 – June 2023
●Reviewed and evaluated the Epic Security workflow standard.
●Participated in and performed epic security documentation and security auditing.
●Performed epic security reporting & protocol testing following epic security guidelines.
●Reviewed device-specific functional testing regarding organization workflow.
●Presentations and workshops with customers
●Assisted with maintaining/improving epic security technical knowledge within the team OneNote.
●Experienced with EMP templates, SER build, and provisioning.
●Coordinated approval process for all changes to SER and EMP Template records.
●Assisted with performing epic security evaluations.
●Build and maintain Security Master Files.
●Participated with analyzing system requirements, preparing specifications, designing, testing, debugging and documenting. Implements complex requirements for multiple platforms, operating systems, and applications.
●Assisted with resolving workflow issues by reviewing the clinical workflow procedures with the Training teams.
●Assisted with analyzing and isolating application issues and performing problem resolution within epic EMR software.
●Supported the analysis, development, modification, testing and maintenance of EMR systems software.
●Provided troubleshooting, problem analysis, debugging, and resolution of assigned system issues.
●Maintained all levels of department/location security, including approval process flow, permissions and setup.
●Supported solutions’ development, deployment, documentation, end-user training, and transitional support.
●Assisted with Plan, build, test, manage, and update security for the protection of and access to OUH systems.
●Participated with the OUH Epic security & IAM team schedule 24x7 on-call rotation 365 days a year to ensure ongoing operations and security for a facility.
●Troubleshoot security and workflow issues independently or in collaboration with other Information Systems teams and/or stakeholders, while adhering to internal service standards.

Mercy Health, Mishawaka Indiana Sr. Epic Security Application Analyst & IAM Analyst: July 2020 – May 2022 (Contractor)
●Experienced creating & assigning SER blueprints & EMP templates.
●Worked on Service Now ticket platform to resolve and update application issues.
●Built and maintain all other EMP records including Templates and Background Users
●Developed custom application to track application assignments for Role Based Access provisioning.
●Managed permission template development for over 200 revenue management roles in the EHR system.
●Assisted with Plan, build, test, manage, and update security for the protection of and access to Mercy Health systems.
●Participated in and performed epic security documentation and security auditing.
●Performed epic security reporting & protocol testing following epic security guidelines
●Assisted with maintaining/improving epic security technical knowledge within the team OneNote.
●Participated with analyzing system requirements, preparing specifications, designing, testing, debugging and documenting. Implements complex requirements for multiple platforms, operating systems, and applications.
●Resolved problems by devising or modifying procedures.
●Participated with analyzing system requirements, preparing specifications, designing, testing, debugging and documenting. Implements complex requirements for multiple platforms, operating systems, and applications.
●Assisted with resolving workflow issues by reviewing the clinical workflow procedures with the Training teams.
●Assisted with Supporting IT leadership and senior development professionals in the analysis of software and hardware system needs, and impact on business process and goals.
●Assisted with analyzing and isolating application issues and performing problem resolution within epic EMR software.
●Supported the enrollment of Multifactor Authentication (MFA), Single Sign-on (SSO), Electronic Prescribing of Controlled Substances (EPCS), and Mobile Device Management (MDM).
●Supported Application Workgroup template and sub-template build.

Saint Luke’s Hospital, Allentown PA Sr. Epic Security Application Analyst & Identity Access Management Analyst: November 2019 – June 2020 (Contractor)
●Experience creating & assigning SER blueprints & EMP templates.
●Worked on a service now ticket platform to resolve and update application issues.
●Built and maintain all other EMP records including Templates and Background Users
●Created all new users in Epic including employees, contractors, students, and external providers.
●Build and maintain Security Master Files.
●Participated in projects and production support operations focused on implementing Identity and Access Management (IAM) integrations and Roles Based Access Control (RBAC) strategies and integrations.
●Participated in and performed epic security documentation and security auditing.
●Performed epic security reporting & protocol testing following epic security guidelines.
●Reviewed device-specific functional testing regarding organization workflow.
●Presentations and workshops with customers
●Assisted with maintaining/improving epic security technical knowledge within the team OneNote.
●Generated reports to perform in-depth analysis and data collection for issues associated with IAM.
●Provided Microsoft O365 Shared Resource Management and Support (Distribution Lists, Shared Calendars, Shared Mailboxes, Mail Contacts, and Resource Calendars).
●Supported the enrollment of Multifactor Authentication (MFA), Single Sign-on (SSO), Electronic Prescribing of Controlled Substances (EPCS), and Mobile Device Management (MDM).
●Provided troubleshooting, problem analysis, debugging, and resolution of assigned system issues.
●Responsible for the setup, and maintenance of IT Security needs for the organization - including User Access and Epic security.
●Performed an import of a provider's attributes master files info whether provided in their SER master file are eligible to be services or billing providers.
●Installed Epic security build for trainees attending classes - both provider and non-provider trainees.
●Provisioned up to 50 to 100 new and existing health care employees and non-employees at Health inpatient/ambulatory users to production by cross-reference with training gap excel report with the training

Partners HealthCare, Somerville MA Sr. Epic Security Analyst & Identity Access Management Analyst: April 2013 – October 2019
●Assisted with Epic Import/Export using Chronicles Spreadsheets.
●Acted on the service now ticket platform to resolve and update application issues.
●Created all new users in Epic including employees, contractors, students, and external providers.
●Built and maintained Security Master Files.
●Provided troubleshooting, problem analysis, debugging, and resolution of assigned system issues.
●Responsible for the setup, and maintenance of IT Security needs for the organization - including User Access and Epic security.
●Supported solutions’ development, deployment, documentation, end-user training, and transitional support.
●Performed an import of a provider's attributes master files info whether provided in their SER master file are eligible to be services or billing providers.
●Installed Epic security build for trainees attending classes - both provider and non-provider trainees.
●Developed custom workflows and integrated data from systems involved with on-boarding and off-boarding users.
●Experience creating & assigning SER & EMP templates.
●Consulted with Users & Security workgroup members to determine the best and most appropriate way to provide needed access to users throughout the enterprise.
●Provisioned user with access to Haiku and Rover access in the user epic emp record in production.
●Coordinated with application and compliance teams to design system-level access.
●Crafted user records and mapped them to templates built by application coordinators/analysts.
●Formed partnerships with teams across the enterprise to formulate application and user role provisioning strategies.
●Made a custom application to track application assignments for Role Based Access provisioning.
●Controlled permission template development for over 200 revenue management roles in the EHR system
●Aided with the Creation of over 300 roles in Imprivata based on the company Human Resource System Workday.
●Linked Imprivata Roles to Epic User templates/sub-templates for facilitated provisioning within the Epic EHR system.
●Devised data migration (Data Courier) strategies for moving EMP and SER master files between development and production environments.
●Assisted with the ongoing maintenance, testing, support, and optimization of Epic user security and provider management, in addition to Identity Governance and Role-Based Access Controls (RBAC).

EDUCATION:
ITT Technical Institute, Boston, MA
Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Technology, 2013
Springfield College, Boston, MA
Bachelor of Science in Criminal Justice, 2005

ACHIEVEMENTS & PROFICIENCIES
●Six Sigma Yellow Belt – 2021
●Imprivata Certified Professional – 2020 – Present
●Epic Security Certification – 2020 – Present
●Provider Administration Badge – 2020
●Six Sigma White Belt – 2020
●Epic Security Data Courier Administrator NVT – 2020
●Epic Proficiency Clinical Documentation NVT – 2020
●Epic SER Provider Identity Management Certified – 2019
●CyberArk Defender, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SQL, Azure AD, AWS, Powershell, Linux, Windows Server, MS Office Suite (Word, Excel, Access, Visio, PowerPoint), Active Directory. Epic Reporting & Oracle.
Contact this candidate