Beverly C. Hager
704-***-**** ad3r2q@r.postjobfree.com *351 Nelson Park Circle, Apt. 302, Orlando, FL 32817
Highly dedicated, multi-talented, adaptable team player comfortable embracing challenges and working long hours. Proven adaptability to differing cultural and business environments. Excellent at communicating and writing. Keen attention to detail and focused on following directions.
EXPERIENCE
Lockheed Martin (22nd Century Tech), Orlando, FL – Security Analyst
February 2023 - Present
Efficiently work and complete tasks within individual and team oriented environments.
Successfully completed training tasks and processes in a condensed time frame and had the skills and ability to help others in comprehending and completing daily tasks when needed.
Experience in using NBIS, SIMS, DISS, and Remedy systems while reviewing and processing SF86, Citizenship Verification, and Pre-Screening Questionnaire forms
Quickly adapted to a fast-paced environment.
Very comfortable in taking initiative on completing tasks and very eager to learn new information and acquire new skills.

Cochlear Americas, Orlando, FL - Order/Insurance Specialist
June 2022-November 2023
Utilized active listening and communication skills to engage customers and ascertain how to best provide assistance.
Maintained comprehensive understanding of company offerings to drive consistent sales during routine service touches. Consulted with customers regarding needs and addressed concerns. Processed customer account changes with proprietary software.

Walt Disney World Resort, Orlando, FL - Cast Member Guest Services and Internet Help Desk
September 2018-May 2022
Assist guest as needed navigating the Walt Disney World web site and mobile application.
Support other connected departments, as needed.
Created and managed effective strategies for optimizing guest experiences and promoting loyalty.
Answered incoming calls and provided highest level of professionalism and knowledgeable service to every customer. Managed customer expectations by clarifying needs, identifying options and recommending products and services.

Booking.com, Orlando, FL - Customer Service Executive
January 2016-September 2018
Liaise between the Booking, Partners and guest: modification of reservations, handling special requests and complaints by phone and e-mails.
Deliver a high level of customer service and strive to continually offer first contact resolution.
Deliver fast, friendly and knowledgeable service for routine questions and service complaints.
Updated account information after customer calls and noted client concerns and issues.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
Bachelor - Business Management, Strayer University, Charlotte, NC June 2009
Contact this candidate