Page * *
Steven Alejandro, CISM, CASP+,
CEH, CNDA, RDRP
Cybersecurity Analyst
ad3s3d@r.postjobfree.com • 240-***-****
linkedin.com/in/steven-alejandro-9a746a37/ •
Fredericksburg, VA
Top-Secret/SCI Clearance with CI Poly
Summary
Tech-savvy and solutions-oriented professional with extensive experience in threat intelligence, incident response, vulnerability management, and risk assessment. Repeated success implementing and maintaining security controls, policies, and procedures to protect confidential information and critical infrastructure. Adept at analyzing and interpreting security logs and alerts to detect and respond to security incidents. Skilled in conducting security assessments and audits to drive compliance with industry standards and regulations. In-depth knowledge of security technologies, such as SIEM, IDS/IPS, DLP, and endpoint security tools. Highly adaptable and able to work effectively in remote and hybrid environments, collaborating with cross-functional teams to achieve organizational goals. Elite communicator with excellent problem-solving skills and a commitment to continuous learning and professional development. Education
Cybersecurity & Digital Forensics
The University of Maryland Global
Campus, MD, 2022
Professional Training
Insider Threat Training and
Development on CDSE, Securonix
User and Entity Behavior
Analytics (UEBA) SNYPER, JRSS,
AESS, ACDC, Tanium, BDP
Gabriel Nimbus, HBSS/ESS
Administrator Analyst Course
ePO5.3 (201-301), ACAS
Operator and Supervisor Course
Version 5.3, Cyber Operations
Planners Course, HP ArcSight
ESM 6.5 Administrator and
Analyst Course, Centaur, ARL
Interrogator, Basic LINUX,
Remedy, AMHS, Solar Winds,
SMADS, SKIWeb, Mission
Assurance Senior Leader Course,
eMASS Course, PowerBi Desktop
Certifications
Currently working on AWS Cloud
Certifications
Certified Information Security
Manager (CISM)
Certified Advanced Security
Practitioner (CASP+)
Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH)
Certified Network Defense
Architect (CNDA)
(RDRP) Registered DoD RMF
Practitioner
Languages
Bilingual, English & Spanish
Areas of Expertise
Mission Assurance & Security
Threat Analysis & Reporting
Security Governance
Asset Management
User Activity Monitoring
Program Management
NIST & CNSSI Publications
Cyber Operations Planner
Crisis Management
Process Auditing & Reporting
Information Security Management
Defensive & Offensive Cyber Operations
Career Experience
SYSTEM HIGH CORPORATION, Dahlgren, VA Apr 2021 to Present CSM-CND Site Task Lead/Advanced Cybersecurity Analyst Leverage expertise in IA policy, procedures, and workforce structure to oversee the development, implementation, and maintenance of a secure enclave environment for the US Navy Missile Defense Agency using eMASS, Agency-wide SharePoint Access, ACAS, HBSS/ESS, DoD411, 4LOE, Jabber, MS Teams, DoD Safe, DOTS, RMF Knowledge Service, Critical Updates SRG/STIGs, Cyber Task Order Tracking/Processing, NIST Documentation, and Defense Counterintelligence and Security Agency and Authorization Processes. Utilize the Cybersecurity Business portal for assignments and task development, and authorization through Missile Defense Agency. Provide strategic and operational cybersecurity initiatives to program directors/managers, senior and executive leadership, and other stakeholders for numerous weapon and test systems, and remote site partner network connections.
● Obtained DoD Risk Management Framework (RMF) ATO, ATC, and IATT for over 20 systems and sites, employing eMASS, ACAS, and HBSS, in compliance with DoD and agency directives, policies, and procedures, ensuring CIA of systems, networks, and data through accurate selection, implementation, assessment, authorization, and monitoring of all cybersecurity-related activities. CREDENCE MANAGEMENT SOLUTIONS, Arlington, VA Jun 2020 to Apr 2021 Mission Assurance Cyber Desk Officer
Engaged with the J34 Mission Assurance team within the NGB-J3/4/7 Operations Directorate, providing expert planning, coordination, and situational awareness to joint and interagency mission partners during domestic operations. Assisted in promoting the unity of effort for planned events and domestic incidents. Monitored the readiness of National Guard force elements for domestic operations and identified capabilities needed for large- scale incidents involving multiple states or regions.
● Supported the Secretary of Defense and Combatant Commanders in ensuring the success of National Guard operations across 54 states and territories, advising on JFHQ-States requirements and coordinating with various mission partners, including DoD components, combatant commands, and military departments. Page 2 2
CACI INTERNATIONAL, Fort Belvoir, VA Oct 2019 to Jun 2020 Insider Threat Analyst / Information System Security Engineer Developed and maintained an automated data mining and analysis capability to identify potential insider threat behaviors, indicators, and concerns, assisting the government in mitigating insider threats. Maintained knowledge of evolving insider threat trends and best practices, ensuring consistent adherence to industry standards and protocols.
● Contributed to the development of standard operating procedures, the concept of operations, and memoranda of agreement/memoranda of understanding for the UAM SAP program as a key analyst.
● Completed all recommended insider threat training on CDSE as directed by OSD, and proactively enrolled in and completed the Insider Threat Concepts and Overview Course at Carnegie Mellon University.
● Demonstrated understanding of the process to document issues, including computer misuse, policy violations, counterintelligence concerns, foreign influence, financial stressors, and threats to self or others, resulting in enhanced security posture for the organization.
U.S. ARMY CYBER COMMAND, Fort Belvoir, VA Jul 2019 to Nov 2019 Cyber Defensive Operations Engineer III (AS&W Team Lead) Steered the proactive identification of new collection methodologies for the attack sensing and warning program focusing on improving overall network security. Provided expert recommendations for mitigation and remediation of events, ensuring network integrity and close consultation with Intel Analysts regarding (IoC) Indicators of Compromise. Effectively tracked malicious threat actor(s) actions, analyzed the events, and documented the tactics, techniques, and procedures within the network incident tracker. Researched emerging threats, Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE), and newly released zero-day threats, verifying Army network security posture and recommending effective mitigation actions to ensure the continued successful operations of the United States Army Network Enterprise. Oversaw SIEM application administration and operation including analyzing, monitoring network traffic, identifying threats, and detecting anomalies.
● Executed, maintained, and enhanced standard operating procedures (SOPs) for the AS&W Program, ensuring effective implementation and compliance with DoD standards.
● Applied advanced technologies including ArcSight Logger/ESM, Tanium, JRSS, AESS, and Big Data Platform (BDP) along with DoD-cleared open-source tools to detect, hunt and mitigate network intrusions, malware, and vulnerabilities.
● Leveraged expertise in detecting, monitoring, analyzing, and mitigating cyber threats, including incident management and cyber response team activities.
● Served as a site lead, ensuring successful coverage of shifts, a clear understanding of team member responsibilities, and strict adherence to quality assurance standards and DoD compliance requirements. Additional Experience
Cybersecurity Information Assurance Security Assessor, Oct 2018 to Jul 2019 US ARMY G6 Intelligence and Security Command - General Dynamics Information Technology
ARCYBER Command Defensive Cyber Operations Incident Manager, Jun 2017 to Oct 2018 SSI (Storage Strategies, Inc.) Defensive Cyber Operations Specialist, Aug 2015 to May 2017 U.S. Army Cyber Command Transition Manager, Sep 2013 to Aug 2015 Warrior Transition Brigade National Capital Region Operations Training and Schools Manager, Mar 2012 to Aug 2013, Operations Supervisor, Feb 2009 to Feb 2012 & Operations Manager, Jan 2007 to Jan 2009 US Army
Honors & Awards
Meritorious Service Medal, Issued by US ARMY, Sep 2017 Bronze Order of Mercury, Issued by U.S Army Signal Corps Association, Jul 2012 Associations
The Cybersecurity Forum Initiative CSFI, Sep 2019 to Present Military Cyber Professional Association, Jul 2019 to Present
Contact this candidate