Nana Akua Amankwah
Email: ad3xb1@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 347-***-****

Summary
Dedicated Cybersecurity Compliance Analyst with experience in specializing in mitigating risks Specialized in Cybersecurity, Information Assurance (IA), Security Assessment & Authorization (SA&A), Risk Assessment. Intermediate level skill set (technical, management, and operational) in Risk Management Framework (RMF) with Cyber Security policies, postures, and compliance in accordance with FISMA, NIST, FedRAMP, and OMB directives, guidance, and processes.

Functional skills

Hands-on experience assessing, developing, and/or updating security documents /artifacts including but not limited to System Security Plans (SSP), Configuration Management Plans (CMP), Information System Contingency Plans (ISCP), Incident Report Plans (IRP), Business Impact Analysis (BIA), e-Authentication Risk Assessment, Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M), Security Assessment Plans (SAP), Security Assessment Reports (SAR), Privacy artifacts in accordance with FedRAMP, NIST and applicable Federal regulations, guidelines, and the best practice for a variety Information Systems.

Professional Experience
Alief ISD – June 2019 to Present
Cybersecurity Compliance Analyst

Coordinates the implementation of system security plans with school district personnel and outside vendors.
Confers with users to discuss issues such as account permission and data access needs, security violations, and programming changes.
Advises school district management and users regarding security configurations and procedures.
Develops and recommends plans to safeguard information systems from accidental or unauthorized modification, destruction, or disclosure and to meet emergency data processing needs.
Participates in the development of information technology disaster recovery and business continuity planning.
Performs and reviews technical risk assessments and reviews of new and existing applications and systems, including data center physical security and environment.
Researches, evaluates, and recommends systems and procedures for the prevention, detection, containment, and correction of data security breaches.
Collaborate with cross-teams at Alief and global subsidiaries, fostering effective communication and coordination.
Monitoring compliance with system security requirements and gathering evidence to prepare for annual assessments.
Ensuring compliance planning and strategies are linked to the corporate vision and program effectiveness as well as assisting in communications with and to the executive leadership team and Board of Directors as applicable.
Collaborating with team members to help manage the continuous monitoring program, including internal and external reporting on vulnerabilities, tracking POA&Ms, and developing Continuous Monitoring artifacts.
Join Alief’s Continuous Monitoring meetings, including the review and submission of required artifacts.
Develop and maintain security policies and procedures, ensuring compliance with industry regulations and organizational standards.
Providing ongoing security awareness training and education for employees, fostering a culture of cybersecurity within the organization.

Baker Ripley - April 2016 to June 2019
Special Education Teacher (Dyslexia Intervention)
Collaborated with students, parents, and other members of staff to develop IEP through the ARD Committee process for each student assigned.
Implemented an instructional, therapeutic, or skill development program (Reading by Design) for assigned students and showed written evidence of preparation as required.
Planned and used appropriate instructional and learning strategies, activities, materials, and equipment that reflect understanding of the learning styles and needs of students assigned.
Presented subject matter effectively and according to guidelines established by IEP. Employ a variety of instructional techniques and media including technology to meet the needs and capabilities of each student assigned
Worked cooperatively with classroom teachers to modify regular curricula as needed and assisted special education students in regular classes with assignments.
Participated in ARD Committee meetings on a regular basis.
Participated in selection of books, equipment, and other instructional media.
Memorial Hermann Health System – March 2011 to March 2016
Help Desk Analyst
Enforced security policies and ensured alignment with the company governance, regulatory and compliance obligations.
Identified, implemented, and maintained data protection measures including backup, archiving and disaster recovery.
Provided end-user support – responding to calls as well as tickets entered by the IT Help Desk System.
Logged helpdesk calls received via phone into the Help Desk system.
Opened, resolved, and closed tickets in the IT Helpdesk System.
Updated documentation, as needed in Microsoft Suites.
Applied established customer satisfaction skills to resolve issues with end users.

Core Skills
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Security Policies
Data Analysis Risk Assessment
Policy Development Security Control Mapping
Database Management Data Protection
Incident Response Remediation Planning
Cloud Security Communication
Plan of Action and Mediation (POA&M) Continuous Monitoring

Technical Tools
RSA Archer, Service Now, NIST SP 800-53, Microsoft Azure AD, Policy Management Software, Compliance Bridge

Education
University of Ghana – BSc- Information Science

Certification
CompTIA Security+
Microsoft Security Operations (SC-200)
Contact this candidate