Cyber Security Analyst
Highly skilled and motivated Cybersecurity Analyst with a strong background in threat detection, incident response, and vulnerability management. Seeking a challenging position in a dynamic organization where I can utilize my expertise to protect and secure critical information systems.

ad43k1@r.postjobfree.com
862-***-****

Areas of Expertise
SOAR Platforms (Resilient)
Log management and SIEM (Splunk)
Proofpoint
Phishing Emails Analysis
Firewalls (Palo Alto Networks)
AWS security tools
Malware Analysis
Automation
Cloud Security
Bash and Python Scripting
Network Analysis Tools (RSA Netwitness)
Risk Analysis
Information security
Endpoint Security (Cloud Strike Falcon, McAfee).
TCP/ UDP
Professional Experience
Cyber Security Analyst
Nordstrom Inc.
01/2018 – Present
Performed incident response analysis, uncovering attack vectors/indicators of compromise (IOC) involving malware, data exposure, phishing, and social engineering methods.
Monitored security events and alerts using SIEM systems and performed investigations to determine the scope and impact of security incidents.
Performed daily review of SIEM dashboards, system and applications logs to prevent attacks.
Participated in remediation of incidents and responses that are generated from live threats.
Documented all actions in accordance with company standard policies, proactively notifying stakeholders of any potential issues.
Generated weekly and monthly reports to management per SLA.
Participated in security audits and provided documentation and evidence to demonstrate compliance with security policies and procedures.
Worked with different cybersecurity teams to improve security posture.
Assisted in the development and execution of security awareness training programs for employees to promote a culture of security.
Maintained knowledge of threat trends, common tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTPs), and emerging security technologies

Cyber Security Incident Handler
Reinforced Earth Company
06/2015- 01/2018
Collaborated with the project team on implementing the defined policies within the AWS (IAM) solutions cloud infrastructure.
Participated in development of roadmaps and participated in the standards process of AWS (IAM) solutions.
Maintained and executed AWS Cloud Information security strategy to proactively identify risk and drive remediation.
Conducted the identification and evaluation of risks during the review and analysis of system development life cycle (SDLC), which includes the design, testing/QA and implementation of systems and upgrades.
Utilized Proofpoint for email filtering and URL block list.
Monitored security events and alerts using SIEM systems and performed investigations to determine the scope and impact of security incidents.
Coordinated required actions and communications as directed by incident response plans and directions from leadership to protect vital information and assets, ensure safety, and restore service as quickly as possible.
Monitored multiple security technologies and analysis of security events to determine intrusion and malicious events.
Conducted log analysis using Splunk.
Investigated malicious phishing emails, domains and IPs using Open-Source tools and recommend proper blocking based on analysis.
Utilized CrowdStrike to analyze malware for functionality as well as extraction of indicators that can be used as detection methods.
Triaged escalated security events that require in-depth review and analysis, including the ability to troubleshoot an event, research the potential cause, and recommend a course of action.
Raised incidents with concerns teams, responding to the incidents and service requests, and bring together additional information to either resolve or escalate the issue to the appropriate teams.
Ensured that changes and enhancements are carried out properly and on a timely basis within corporate security guidelines for change, configuration, and patch management.

Network Analyst
VERIZON
09/2012 – 06/2015
•Utilized tools for router access, circuit layout, automated circuit testing, and ticket management.
•Analyzed network surveillance data and addressed any issues that were identified through the analytics.
•Assessed Network performance issues and recommended corrective actions.
•Worked client alerts and associated trouble tickets to meet all contractual SLA's.
•Performed Network troubleshooting to isolate and diagnose network problems.
•Performed Network Administrator duties.
•Implemented software/ code upgrade.
•Monitored unauthorized network access using Splunk.
•Documentation of various aspects of network infrastructure.
Certifications
CompTIA Security+
Certified Ethical Hacker
CISA
AWS Solutions Architect Associate
CompTIA Network+
CISM
Education
Master’s degree in Healthcare Administration
West Coast University
03/2020

Bachelor’s degree in Arts
University Of Ghana
05/2006
Contact this candidate