TIESHIA BRYANT
JR CYBERSECURITY JR SOC ANALYST JR SECURITY ANALYST
Mobile: 770-***-**** Email: ad4hig@r.postjobfree.com Residence: Savannah, Georgia CAREER PROFILE: Highly efficient and results-driven General Manager offering experience in Revenue Optimization, Sales Management and Marketing coupled with a passion for building a strong foundation learning core security functions through pursuing Cybersecurity Certifications. Recognized throughout my career for being a problem solver by demonstrating the ability to complete complex projects, analyze data, and deliver value-added solutions to meet customer’s needs. Vastly adept at building strong relationships as well as implementing strategies to improve processes and drive performance. My overall goal is to expand my career brand by securing a position as a Jr. Cybersecurity Analyst, Jr. SOC Analyst, or other related Jr roles within Cybersecurity, where my skills can be utilized to bring value to a dynamic cybersecurity team. EDUCATION, CERTIFICATIONS AND CREDENTIALS
CompTIA Security+ (Pending)
Associates of Applied Science Cybersecurity, Savannah Technical College – Savannah, Georgia (December 2023)
CompTIA Security+ is a global certification that validates the baseline skills necessary to perform core security functions and pursue an IT security career.
Currently learning various techniques on how to safeguard data and systems including a wide range wide range of technological concepts, such as encryption, access control, authentication, and intrusion detection systems.
Developing a strong focus and understanding of cybersecurity best practices, risk assessment, compliance, and threat mitigation strategies.
Developing a deep understanding of the development, implementation, and enforcement of security policies and procedures within an organization is a critical skill covered in my degree program and certification. COMPETENCIES AND SKILLS
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Homewood Suites Savannah, Georgia
General Manager 2019 to 2023
Managed day to day operations related to overall guest experience, meeting and banquet facilities, food and beverage, sales, housekeeping, capital budget and payroll, human resources, and maintenance.
Developed systems to increase efficiency including standardizing hotel’s financials, strengthening ownership relations, enhancing marketing, and improving overall performance.
Partnered with revenue management team to set budgets as well as perform analysis, lead the P&L Monthly review and suggest recommendations to ownership for improving financial performance.
Streamlined 3rd party outlet and hotel staff to form a cohesive group to meet external customer/consumer needs while meeting financial targets.
Facilitated HR activities including recruiting, training and supervising staff as well as monitoring staff performance.
Executed goal setting, coaching and corrective action of employees, labor expense control, control of general expenses and resolving guest related issues in accordance with the company goals. Highlights and Key Results
Revenue Optimization: Proven ability to maximize revenue through strategic pricing, effective sales strategies, and successful cost management.
AREAS OF FOCUS
Cybersecurity Fundamentals
Cybersecurity Strategy
Risk Assessment and Mitigation
Vulnerability Assessment
Network Services and Security
Identity and Access Management
Information and Data Security
Process Improvement
Complex Problem Solving
Technical Documentation
Security Awareness and Training
Troubleshooting and Resolution
Security Documentation
Change Management
Data Protection and Analysis
Risk Mitigation Strategies
Budgeting and Financial Management: Proficient in budget development, financial analysis, and cost control to achieve and exceed financial goals.
Sales and Marketing: Skilled in creating and implementing effective marketing strategies to increase brand visibility and drive business growth.
Hampton Inn (2008 to 2017) Peachtree City, Georgia General Manager/Sales Manager 2013 to 2017
Spearheaded all Hotel operations including executing business plans, annual operating and capital budgets, generation of proposals, Generation of Special Events Orders and Contract Negotiations.
Specialized in handling all financial aspects of property, including forecast creation, sales and marketing initiatives, budget management, long term planning, significant renovation, and analysis of STR reports.
Developed hotel operational strategies by evaluating trends, establish critical measurements, resolving problems and implementing change.
Facilitated all aspects of human resources, including job posting creation, recruiting, interviewing, disciplinary management, conflict resolution, and team member retention.
Improved overall customer service scores on brand surveys and key online review sites: TripAdvisor, Google, Expedia, Facebook, YELP, and Yahoo.
Attended Bi-weekly Revenue Management Call and key account sales calls with Director of Sales and Sales Management team.
Partnered with Director of Sales and Corporate team in developing annual business plan and facilitated month-end closing process with team, owners and identify opportunities for improvements.
Cultivated and maintained positive relationships with Convention & Visitors Bureau, professional organizations, local chambers of commerce, local hotels and vendors.
Highlights and Key Results
Analyze opportunities to maximize revenues for the hotel including generating $1.9 million dollars in revenue annually.
Increased RevPAR by 6% growth throughout the comp set.
Increased positive guest service scores to ensure returned business including growing ADR by 11% through exceptional guest service.
Assistant General Manager/Sales Manager Peachtree City, Georgia 2008 to 2013
Coordinated, directed and managed the hotel operation to achieve maximum profitability, ensure guest satisfaction, protect the financial aspects of the business and maintain the building.
Partnered with the General Manger to manage all activities of the property including employees, maintenance, sales, and profit/loss controls.
Performed goal setting, coaching and corrective action of employees, labor expense control, control of general expenses and resolving guest related issues in accordance with the company goals.
Directed and managed property operations to assure optimum performance and continual improvement in the five Key Result Areas (guest service, employees, sales/marketing, property appearance, and profit/financial control).
Overview HR matters including interviewing, hiring, training, assigning work, counseling and performance appraisals. Hampton Inn & Suites Savannah, Georgia
Front Desk Associate 2007 to 2008
Served as primary point of contact and the face of the hotel’s brand by displaying professionalism and friendly demeanor to make guests feel welcomed.
Accurately booked reservations by answering phones and responding to emails to make bookings and reservations for guests, making a note of any special requirements or requests for a particular room type or view.
Made recommendations for local features such as shopping, dining, nightlife and shows based on extensive knowledge of the surrounding local area.
PRIOR EXPERIENCE
Cashier/Sims Coordinator – Walgreens - Stone Mountain, Georgia 2003 to 2007 HONORS AND AWARDS
Phi Theta Kappa Honor Society 2023
National Technical Honor Society 2023
Contact this candidate