ULKU BRADSHAW
San Antonio, TX ***** Cell: 210-***-**** ad4ooa@r.postjobfree.com
/in/ubradshaw/

OBJECTIVE:

Self-disciplined, Security+ certified Cyber Security Analyst. Experienced working in SOC environment and currently working on projects ranging from monitoring systems, mitigating vulnerabilities, and analyzing and triaging alerts. Highly decorated lifelong professional educator with a found passion for cyber security. Detail-oriented and highly driven with a unique skill set, looking further to foster passion for threat and phishing prevention. Self-motivated to improve the organization’s security architecture and design, promoting organizational growth and bringing forth a wide range of transferrable skills.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Incident Response, Endpoint Security, Phishing Email Analysis, Malware Analysis, Vulnerability, Scanning, Threat Intelligence
Security: QRadar, Splunk, Trellix ETP, Trellix HX, Redline, Trellix DoD Sandbox, Misp, Security Onion, Nessus, Nmap, Wireshark, Kali Linux, Metasploitable, Linux Command Line Tools, NIST-800, OWASP 10, The Hive, Jira
Networking: Wireshark packet analysis, DNS, Whois, TCP/IP&OSI Layers, Firewall, IDS/IPS
Operating Systems: Windows, Linux
Languages: Bilingual in English and Turkish

PROFESSIONAL EXPERINCE:
CYBERTECH LABS,NJ 8/1/2023 – Current
Cyber Security Apprenticeship Program
Analyzed the logs through Splunk and QRadar SIEM solutions with the correlated data and responsible writing documentation of security incidents and breaches via IBM QRadar SOAR and Jira ticketing system.
Monitored logging and activities, real time alerts on EDR tools such as SentinelOne and CrowdStrike, evaluated attribution and adversary details by following the frameworks such as MITRE ATT&CK, and took necessary actions and collaborated with Incident Response Team, and contributed to decision making.
Conducted investigations on Proofpoint that is alerted by phishing and suspicious emails.
Inspected PCAP files in the Wireshark protocol analyzer, validated anomalies in network traffic flows, and contributed to controlling network issues and business continuity.
Stayed current on information system security, risk management trends, and news and implemented them on operational performance and producing strategies.
Utilized Open-Source tools (Any Run, Virus Total, MX Toolbox, Abuse IPDP), Virtual machines, and Sandboxing Tools (Joe Sandbox) for dynamic and static malware analysis and determined the problem status and provided information technology solutions.
Informed in a wide range of networking devices such as Firewalls, VPN, Revel Stoke, IDS/IPS, and vulnerability assessment and testing tools such as Tenable.io, Nessus
Tested security products and tools to detect any anomalies and weaknesses in the system.

SST Northwest School - San Antonio, TX Aug 2008-Present
PLTW (Engineering) and Cybersecurity Coach
To provide classroom instruction for Project Lead the Way (PLTW) courses. Provides innovative and creative, commitment to STEM education, and an overall passion for project, problem-based learning with real world application. Ensures all students acquire the course level objectives set forth in the National PLTW Curriculum.
Prepares course objectives and outlines for course of study following curriculum guidelines and requirements of PLTW, State, and school.
Assigns lessons, corrects homework, and provides students with positive feedback and constructive criticism on assignments.
Administers tests to evaluate student’s progress, record results, and issues reports or conducts meetings to inform parents of progress. Establishes and enforces rules for behavior and procedures for maintaining order among the students for whom they are responsible.
Maintains discipline in classroom.
Keeps attendance records.
Recognizes and refers students encountering medical, physical and/or psychological problems to District specialists as required.
Establishes and maintains appropriate working relationships by actively communicating with the parents.

UTSA - San Antonio, TX June, 2005 – 2008
Customer Support Analyst
A Team Leader responsible for an educational computer lab with 150 workstations, 20 employees, and supporting over 1000 students per day.
Provide direct service and assistance to computer users.
Assists in coordination of UTSA policies, procedures, equipment status, work group performance and training needs of team members.
Identifies, resolves, and documents service problems or deficiencies in hardware or software, reporting to management with recommendations.
Monitors supplies, facilitates the movement of equipment with proper recordkeeping.
Participates in technical and customer service training, including self-paced and other staff development activities as prescribed by management.

MARYLAND UNIVERSITY- Incirlik AFB, Turkey Nov, 2000-2004
Computer Technician and part-time Computer Teacher
Responsible for the setup and maintenance of laboratory server, lab LAN, and lab computers, to include all network peripherals and Internet connections.
Install, operate, maintain, and repair audio-visual equipment in classrooms, Upgrade software and hardware, and set up and install new computer and servers.
I thought about MS Excel, Access, Power Point and Word.
Develop policy, plans, strategies in compliance with laws, regulations, policies, and standards in support of organizational information.
.

BX EXCHANGE – Incirlik AFB Turkey Feb, 1999 – Sep, 2000
Exchange Computer Technician
Operated in-store computers to support UNIX and Windows 2000 software program applications.
Worked with end-users to determine system requirements, prepare technical specifications for programmers based on user requirements.
Coordinated application development and testing, research new technologies and recommend product direction based on cost-benefit research, document system processes.
Responsible for designing computer information systems, modifying systems to improve production or workflow, or expanding systems to serve new purposes, VDT/PC’s, printers, and peripheral equipment.
Managed daily and weekly back up.
Operated and maintained AAFES proprietary programs to schedule product price changes and to produce AAFES sales performance reports.
Resolved equipment problems and insured equipment was well maintained.
Evaluation of business procedures and problems.
Worked effectively in a professional team environment.

BOEING AEROSPACE OPEARATIONS Cocoa Beach, FL Feb, 1994- Nov 1998
Buyer
Performed buyer functions in support of Boeing Headquarters and NASA.
Performed purchase contract expediting and administered the subsequent placement of orders.
Responsible for prioritizing requirements.
Ensured that all requests were handled accurately and expeditiously.
Negotiated for best purchase terms and conditions.
Maintained PO files in support of staff.
Experienced, results-oriented purchasing professional with exceptional abilities in building/developing internal teams and vendor relationships.
Tracked records of significant achievement, to include reducing costs, improving sales and profits, and developing and improving purchasing programs to meet corporate objectives.

EDUCATION:
Phoenix University 2009 Master of Business Administrator MBA Diploma
University of Maryland 2004 Information System and Management B.S. Diploma
University of Maryland 2002 Computer Studies A.A. Diploma

Computer Skills and Certifications:
CompTIA Cybersecurity Analyst (CySA+), In Progress, Expected 2024
CompTIA Security + 2023
IBM QRadar Siem Foundations 2023
Splunk Core Certified- 2023
Certificate of Project Manager and IT –University of Maryland – 2004
Certificate of Academic Scholarship (Dean List) Term 3, 2000/2001
PLTW Principle of Engineering teaching certification Aug3, 2012
PLTW Introduction to Engineering teaching certification Aug3, 2013
Cyber Security Analyst Hands-on Training, 2023
REFERENCES PROVIDED UPON REQUEST
Contact this candidate