Ben Kofi Hotor
678-***-**** · ad5210@r.postjobfree.com · linkedin.com/in/ben-hotor
Atlanta, GA
INFORMATION SECURITY ANALYST
A results-oriented and self-driven Security Analyst and Vulnerability Management expert with extensive experience in computer cyber threat detection and prevention. Holds a comprehensive understanding of IT Security principles and complex IT infrastructure. KEY COMPETENCIES
Project Management
Strategic Planning
Selecting Security Controls
Training and Awareness
Integration with Other
Services
SOAR Solutions
Implementation.
Conducting Security
Control Assessments
(SCAs)
Vulnerability Management
Compliance
Business Development
Team Leadership
Communication
Operations Management
Incident Response
Planning
Network Traffic Logs
Analysis
Cloud Platform Security
Firewall Managemen
Identifying Assets and Risks
SOFTWARE
Kali Linux
Wireshark
NMAP
CSAM
SIEM Tools
JDA
Active Directory
AutoCAD
Patch Management
Microsoft Office
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Dobbins Air Force Base, Strategic Security Corp May 2020 - Present Information Security Analyst/Armed Security Guard Atlanta, GA
Patrol base premises and respond quickly to incidents and emergencies.
Manage access control, verify personnel and visitors, and conduct vehicle searches.
Perform basic first aid and CPR until the arrival of emergency personnel.
Provide security training to personnel and conduct security audits to identify possible threats.
Maintain proficiency in the use of firearms and other security equipment.
Report defective or broken equipment to appropriate personnel.
Developed and implemented security policies, procedures, and controls based on NIST Special Publication 800-53 standards.
IPNET Solution, Inc. May 2020 - May 2023
Vulnerability Management/Scanning Covington, GA
Conducted vulnerability assessments and security audits to identify organizational weaknesses.
Collaborated with security teams to enhance the organization’s cyber security posture.
Implemented and maintained NIST Cyber security Framework documentation.
Performed reviews in accordance with FISMA reporting requirements.
Provided reports and updates to management and stakeholders.
Designed and deployed security controls to address identified risks and vulnerabilities, ensuring compliance with NIST 800-53 requirements.
implementation details. Use templates and tools provided by NIST or other industry frameworks to create standardized SSP documentation.
Proficiency in designing firewall rule sets, implementing access controls, and troubleshooting firewall-related issues
Experience monitoring and analyzing alerts generated by IDS/IPS (Intrusion Detection/Prevention Systems) to detect and respond to network security threats
Authentication: Users can log in to the network using their credentials stored in Active Directory.
Authorization: Administrators can control access to network resources based on user permissions and group memberships.
Address identified vulnerabilities and deficiencies through risk mitigation strategies, such as
applying patches, configuring security settings, or implementing compensating controls. A Team Contractors November 2018 - May 2020
Project Foreman Stone Mountain, GA
Contributed to achieving a 10% reduction in procurement.
Negotiated contracts and pricing with suppliers resulting in an 8% cost savings.
Supervised a diverse team and provided mentorship and training.
Ensured compliance with project specifications and company standards.
Managed tear downs of existing structures and prepared sites for new construction.
Delegated tasks and completed projects within timelines and budgets. Bengazi Automotive June 2006 – November 2019
Project Manager Stone Mountain, GA
Oversaw day-to-day project operations and collaborated with cross-functional teams.
Managed relationships with vendors and clients to ensure customer satisfaction.
Developed and managed budgets and analyzed purchase order agreements.
Identified and mitigated project risks and troubleshooted issues.
Ensured all project documentation was complete, accurate and stored appropriately. Pivotal Group/Home Depot November 2015 - February 2017 Space Planner/Planogram Team Member Kennesaw, GA
Proficiently utilized integrating software to optimize shelf space and product visibility.
Aligned architectural goals with innovative design concepts.
Maintained client confidentiality and ensured product quality and consistency.
Collaborated with segment leaders, vendors, and other entities.
Provided exceptional shopping experience to customers. EDUCATION
Master of Business Administration in Project Management July 2020 Ashford University San Diego,
CA
Bachelor of Science in Project Management September 2014 ITT Technical Institute Kennesaw, GA
Associate of Science in Drafting & Design September 2011 ITT Technical Institute Kennesaw, GA
CERTIFICATES & AWARDS
CPR (Jan 2024)
Level 1 Antiterrorism Awareness Training (Dec 2023)
Identifying & Safeguarding Personally Identifiable Information (Nov 2023)
QUALYS (Oct 2023)
CompTIA Security + (Oct 2023)
Microsoft Azure (Oct 2023)
Cloud Security Assessment (Oct 2023)
GA State of Defense Good Conduct Medal (Jul 2023)
GOOGLE Cyber Security (May 2023)
Contact this candidate