ILGAR ALIYEV
Cybersecurity analyst SOC Analyst Security Analyst Security Specialist SDET
Boston, MA 857-***-**** ad55ci@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn GitHub

ABOUT ME
As an IT professional with over 5 years of experience in software testing and business analysis, I have developed a strong foundation in agile methodologies and proficiently utilized tools such as Jira, Azure DevOps, and Browser Stack to streamline project workflows. My expertise encompasses various facets of testing, including SQL, GUI, and back-end testing, with a specialization in performance testing. I hold a BA in Business Administration from Lankaran State University and have earned a certificate in Cybersecurity Analyst from Per Scholas. Driven by a passion for continuous learning and a desire to contribute positively to the tech community, I am now seeking to transition my career into cybersecurity analysis. With a proactive attitude, adaptability, and strong teamwork skills, I am confident in my ability to excel in this dynamic field.

SKILLS

Programming Languages
JAVA, PYTHON, SQL, KQL, JavaScript (Basic knowledge)
Operating systems
Linux, Microsoft
Networking
Packet Tracers, Conf. LAN, WLAN network Routers and Switches
Testing Frameworks
Singleton, Data Driven, Hybrid, Page Object Model (POM)
Testing Tools
Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, Jenkins, TestNG, JUnit, Postman
Databases RDBMS
2018 Microsoft SQL, MySQL, Oracle

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Tata North of America Corp., (S&P Global Inc.) Location: Edison, New Jersey
Quality Engineer Sep 2021 – Mar 2023
Responsibilities:
●For testing purposes, I used Python Programming language with Selenium WebDriver for creating the test cases and projects in IntelliJ IDEA,
●Used OOP concepts in Python Programming for automation purposes.
●Performed Manual Testing of this Web application and automated it using Selenium WebDriver.
●Identified software defects and interacted with developers to resolve them.
●Worked under Agile Scrum Methodology and reported the bugs/defects through AZURE DEVOPS.
●Performed Smoke testing, Regression testing, Positive, Negative, Performance, and Functional testing.
●Maintaining the Selenium, Cucumber, and Python automation code and resources using GIT for source control management.
●Verified the back-end Tables by using SQL statements, and different types of Joins.
Environment: Python, Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, Jenkins, Azure DevOps, Agile, MS SQL Developer, Postman, Rest API, Kibana (for Performance), Datadog (for monitoring)

AzulCRM Location: Virginia
Test Automation Engineer Oct 2019 – Aug 2021
Responsibilities:
●Build Cucumber BDD Test Automation Framework utilizing tools such as Maven build tool, Selenium WebDriver, and JUnit ensuring testing of key web application features and user behaviors.
●Used Java language and Selenium WebDriver to create the test cases based on Maven projects in IntelliJ IDEA.
●Used OOP concepts in JAVA extensively,
●Executing the Smoke, Regression, Positive, Negative, and Functional Testing.
●Maintaining the Selenium and Java automation code and resources using GIT and GitHub for source control management.
●Configured Jenkins build jobs for Continuous Integration of source code from the Repository and launch of Regression and Smoke Testing and sent automation build status emails to the team.
●Performed Selenium Synchronization using Explicit & Implicit waits.
●Worked as a cross-functional team member.
Environment: JAVA, Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, Jenkins, Jira, Agile, Git&Github

DECIHIRE Location: Virginia
QA Test Engineer Apr 2018 – Oct 2019
Responsibilities:
●Experience in developing BDD scripts with Cucumber and writing step definitions for its behavior.
●Used Selenium WebDriver, API to automate tests.
●Written SQL to prepare Test Data from Oracle RDBMS.
● Proven ability in working individually or as a part of a team, problem-solving, reporting, and assisting in managing.
Environment: Java, Selenium WebDriver, Maven, Cucumber, TestNG, Rest API, SQL Developer, Oracle RDBMS, Jenkins CI, Jira, Agile/Scrum.

Kapital Bank Location: Baku, Azerbaijan
Customer Service Representative Head Accountant Feb 2014 – Oct 2017
Environment: MS 365 Office, Elma, PLC for plastic

EDUCATION
Per Scholas Cybersecurity Analyst CompTIA CYSA+ Program Feb 2024 – May 2024
Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA
Lab to practice skills: Cisco Packet Tracer, OPNsense Firewall.
Cisco Network Academy Linux Essentials.
Development of critical thinking and problem-solving skills.
CompTIA CYSA+ Certificate Expires on May – 2027

LANKARAN STATE UNIVERSITY bachelor’s degree Sep 2008 – Jun 2012
COUNTRY: AZERBAIJAN, Lankaran
Contact this candidate