Arti Patel Cyber Security Analyst
Location: Franklin Park, NJ – 08823 Email: ad58sb@r.postjobfree.com Phone: 640-***-**** LinkedIn Summary:
• 3+ years of hands-on experience in the field of Information Technology, specializing in Cyber Security, and Software Quality Assurance with both Mobile and Web-based applications.
• Expertise in conducting Vulnerability assessments using tools like Metasploit to profile an app for vulnerabilities and then exploit those vulnerabilities.
• Configure mechanisms on a virtual network, deploy them to the cloud, and investigate cloud security risks.
• Good knowledge of writing bash scripts to automate security and operating system tasks.
• Quality-driven, positive team player who always looks for efficiency and accuracy.
• Enjoy learning new technologies and challenging concepts and Passionate about Cyber Security.
• Skilled Cyber Security Analyst with expertise in risk management of unauthorized access viruses and a wide range of vulnerabilities and threats.
• Develop and implement a toolkit using Bash.
• Proficient with various operating systems like Linux (Kali) with Windows.
• Experience working with network security monitoring tools using SIEM or IDS/IPS technologies (Splunk, Wireshark, Metasploit, Kibana, etc.)
• Expertise in Cybersecurity & Information Assurance with a good understanding of Cryptography, Vulnerability Assessment, Cloud Security & Virtualization, and Identity Access Management.
• Creating/editing Bash scripts to automate tasks.
• Management of Cloud security, Vulnerability assessment, and Security audits.
• Great written/oral communication, asset ownership, policies, procedures, data management, DLP & zero trust model.
• Expert in Vulnerability Assessment using Nessus tool to evaluate attack vectors, identify system vulnerabilities, and develop remediation plans and security procedures. Skills:
Languages & Databases Bash Scripting, Shell Scripting, Python, and SQL (Oracle, MySQL) Frameworks NIST and HIPPA
Tools Nessus, Splunk, BitLocker, VeraCrypt, Nmap, Firewalls, pfSense, Wireshark, CSAM, Fornite, MS Office Suite, VLANs, DNS, DHCP, TCP/IP, IPV4/IPV6, IDS/IPS, and EMASS Security Information &
Management Tools
SIEM tools, Splunk Enterprise Security, McAfee Web proxy, IronPort, Cisco Sourcefire, Splunk, LogRhythm, FireEye ETP, FireEyeHX, FireEye NX, McAfee DLP, Symantec DLP, Google DLP, Nessus Security Center, Wireshark, Palo Alto and Crowd Strike Others AWS, Azure, Zero Trust, Networking (Routers & Switches), Encryption, Scanning web vulnerability, Network defenses Network security monitoring, and Detecting network intrusions, Snort, Cisco Firepower, Crowd Strike, Blue Voyant, Proofpoint, Jira, ServiceNow, Zendesk, and Quantivate
Operating System Windows, Mac OS, UNIX and Linux (Kali and Ubuntu) Experience:
PnC Financials, USA
Cyber Security Analyst Jun 2022 to Present
Analyzed daily reports, generated by Wireshark and Nessus.
Monitored and interpreted threats using the IDS and SIEM.
Documented all activities during an incident and provided support and status updates during the life cycle incident.
Investigated malicious phishing emails, domains, and IPS using open-source tools and recommend proper blocking- based analysis.
Provided day-to-day operational guidance to the team to ensure required tasks & service requests are completed.
Developed after-action reports including root cause analysis.
Monitored security controls using SRD and Splunk.
Experience implementing/architecting cloud-based Active Directory solutions for Azure
Worked on projects moving to cloud services such as Azure, Office 365
Downloaded weekly security vulnerability reports from Tableau, analyzed data using Excel and presented it to team.
Implemented security ACL, IP Sec, VPN, TACACS+, and RADIUS+.
Provided Tier 1 and Tier 2 incident analysis and response support for real-time events generated by security devices, as well as possible post-incident support.
Worked in a 24x7 Security Operations Center.
Monitored and analyzed security events to determine intrusion and malicious events.
Identified suspicious/malicious activities or codes.
Maintained & modified hardware/software components, content & documentation, Azure O365 Advance Threat Protection.
Extensive experience in Cloud and On-Prem (Hybrid) environments, Azure Cloud security experience.
Was responsible for incident response work including analyzing security events, identifying false positives vs. real threats, identifying host involvement, comparing scan results, analyzing Splunk logs & prioritizing incidents/events.
Researched new and evolving threats and vulnerabilities with the potential to impact the monitored environment.
Ensured integrity and protection of networks, systems, and applications by technical enforcement of organizational security policies, through monitoring of vulnerability scanning devices.
Recognized potential, successful, and unsuccessful intrusion attempts, compromises thorough reviews & analyses of relevant event detail and summary information.
Assisted with developing processes and procedures to improve incident response times, incident analysis, and overall SOC functions.
At-bay, USA
SOC Analyst Jan 2021 to May 2022
Analyzed, investigated & processed Malicious/Phishing Email alerts from IronPort & FireEye following standard operation procedure.
Worked closely with other teams to support incident management processes.
Supported Incident Response (IR) when analysis confirms actionable incidents.
Monitored systems and networks for intrusions or security breaches.
Reviewed and processed accidental disclosure requests following standard operating procedures.
Partaken in the Composition of security alert notifications and other communications.
Used Cisco Source fire to monitor network traffic to ensure malicious network traffic is dropped.
Reported to and coordinated with external organizations and authorities.
Coordinated and distributed directives, vulnerability, and threat advisories to identified consumers.
Collaborated with lead investigators into breaches that occur.
Processed Web Site Review Requests using McAfee Web Gateway GUI to grant temporal Web Access to users within the Company to websites that are being blocked for security.
Blocked malicious domains, Hashes, Files, and IPs following the company's Standard Operating Procedures.
Trained or educated network users on information security.
Continually developed new use cases for automation and tuning of security tools.
Led, performed, reviewed, or tracked security incident investigations to resolution.
Used McAfee DLP Manager to protect intellectual property and ensure compliance by safeguarding sensitive data.
Led, performed, or reviewed root cause analysis efforts following incident recovery.
Developed follow-up action plans to resolve reportable issues and communicated with other Analysts to address security threats and incidents.
Prioritized and differentiated between potential intrusion attempts and false alarms. Education, Certification & Trainings:
Bachelor of Science: Information Technology Network Security Analysis, LinkedIn Learning Professional – CSAP Stackable Certification Cyber Threat Intelligence, Coursera CompTIA CySA+ Incident Response and Management, Udemy CompTIA Security+ Security Information and Event Management Fundamentals, Cybrary
CompTIA Security Analytics Penetration Testing & Ethical Hacking, SANS Institute Vulnerability Assessment & Management, Pluralsight Cybersecurity Risk Assessment, ISACA Malware Analysis & Reverse Engineering, Offensive Security Operations Center (SOC) Essentials, Cisco Security Networking Academy
Management Consulting Fundamentals, LinkedIn Business Analysis Essentials, Coursera Project Management Professional Certification Training, Udemy
Contact this candidate