JALEN GRAHAM
301-***-**** Suitland, MD ***** ad5gig@r.postjobfree.com
US Citizen Eligible for Security Clearance

EDUCATION
TOWSON UNIVERSITY Towson, MD
Bachelor of Science, Computer Science May 2022
Related Coursework: Software Engineering, Programming Languages: Design & Implementation, Data Structures and Algorithms, Design & Analysis Algorithms, Database Management Systems, Web-Based Programming
TECHNICAL SUMMARY
Certifications: Security + CE
Relevant Tools: Amazon QuickSight, Visual Basic, Microsoft Office, Splunk, Containers (Docker/Kubernetes), Tableau, Power BI
Compliance : FISMA, FEDRAMP, NIST, ISO, DISA STIG, FIPS, eMASS (Enterprise Mission Assurance Support Service), C5 controls
Languages: Python, Java, C, C++, JavaScript, HTML, SQL, UNIX Shell Scripting, R
Protocols: TCP/IP, SSL, TLS, PGP, IPsec, UNIX, SOAP, REST
Operating Systems: UNIX, LINUX, Windows, Macintosh, Ubuntu
EXPERIENCE
AMAZON WEB SERVICES Arlington, Virginia
Security Compliance Analyst June 2022 – November 2023

Developed and maintained applicable security policies/controls, leading to a 30% reduction in security incidents and vulnerabilities. (e.g., risk management (RM), incident response (IR), and contingency planning (CP), and enforced them by working with appropriate teams across the organizations).
Supported client security policies and activities for networks, systems, and applications, including vulnerability management and incident reporting, mitigation, and information security continuous monitoring (ISCM). The ability to manage and collaborate with Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FEDRAMP) customers and team members to remediate security vulnerabilities promptly upon discovery, thus significantly reducing the overall security risks, leading to a 45% reduction in security vulnerabilities and enhancing customer satisfaction.
Produced Python script to analyze compliance documentation and streamline processes, saving 15 hours per week and ensuring accuracy in documentation updates. Created Python scripts to assist with other tasks relating to AWS QuickSight, increasing team productivity by 35% and enhancing data visualization capabilities.
Developed and implemented data visualization solutions using AWS QuickSight, including assisting customers in modernizing, and simplifying their QuickSight identity access management (IAM) cloud security service.
Strong analytical ability in developing and presenting SQL queries to extract, manipulate, and/or calculate information to fulfill data and reporting requirements, including identifying the tables and columns from which data is extracted.
Spearheaded the creation of visually appealing dashboards and reports, including informative dashboards, reports, and data visualizations using Amazon QuickSight to meet business requirements. This enabled senior management to gain actionable insights, resulting in a 24% increase in strategic decision-making efficiency.
Worked with data teams, {e.g., data engineers, data analysts, and software developers} to ensure knowledge sharing and seamless integration of QuickSight solutions with other systems, leading to a 31% improvement in data accessibility and usability.
Enforced delivery of reporting deliverables (e.g., security impact analysis (SIA) as they pertain to enterprise security architectures of the AWS environments. Implemented vulnerability management controls and Cloud Computing Compliance Controls Catalog (C5) for new customers migrating to the AWS cloud).
Assisted in the adoption and development of Splunk security incident and event management (SIEM) as the official Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) tool for the Security Team and assisted in the migration of systems, including plan of actions and milestones (POA&M) records to the tool.
Experience with third-party risk assessments, interviewing system owners and operators to elicit and complete system security plans (SSP), continuity of operations plans (COOPs), policies and procedures, and other relevant documentation.
Documented assessment findings in a security assessment report (SAR) and produced a plan of action and milestones (POA&M) for all controls having weaknesses or deficiencies, leading to a 29% improvement in remediation efforts and strengthening security controls.
Reviewed vulnerability scans and reports and recommended corrective actions to address identified vulnerabilities, which reduced security vulnerabilities by 50% and mitigated potential risks.
Monitored, managed, and created one centralized tool within the internal AWS SIM ticketing systems across various teams to increase ticket manageability through multiple teams within the FedRAMP program, enhancing collaboration and efficiency by 38%.
Contact this candidate