Houston, TX in/nancy polat 713-***-**** ad5gr5@r.postjobfree.com
SKILLS
Problem Solving, Critical Thinking,
Teamwork, Attention to
Detail,Collaboration,Manage
time,Costomer support
Security: Risk Analysis, Malware
Analysis, Phishing Analysis, Threat
Analysis, MITRE ATT&CK Framework,
Splunk, DELL Taegis XDR, Bro
zeek,Cisco EDR, AnyRun,VirusTotal,
Snort, Virtual Box, Cyber Kill Chain
Framework
Network:Wireshark, Pcap Analysis,
Nmap, Nessus,BroZeek,Suricata,Cyber
Kill Chain Framework, TCP/IP, NIST
Framework, SANS Framework
Operating Systems: Windows, Kali Linux
CERTIFICATIONS
CompTIA Security+
IBM Cybersecurity Analyst
Certificate
Splunk Fundamentals & Core User
QUALYS Vulnerability Mang.
Specialist
DDoS Attacks by University of
Colorado
Introduction to Microsoft Azure
Cloud Services
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Education
Mustafa Kemal University
English Second Language Instructor
TURKEY
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Security+ certified SOC Analyst with an excellent work ethic and interpersonal skills. Experienced in identifying, monitoring and analyzing potential and active threats, and securing networks and applications using security tools and processes. A security enthusiast with a keen interest in learning and implementing new methods to make a difference and responsible team member working out a strategy, producing an action plan and implementing it effectively. Currently seeking a career advancement in Cybersecurity and working towards CEH Certification.
PROFESSIONAL HISTORY
Cyber Security Analyst August 2022 – Present
Solvent CyberSecurity Fairfax, VA
● Create and track incidents and requests with an integrated ServiceNow (SNOW) ticketing system.
● Follow detailed operational processes and procedures to appropriately analyze, escalate, and assist in the remediation of security incidents.
● Liaise with the Company’s Security Operation Center to respond to emerging incidents in a timely manner.
● Perform analysis of log files of Firewall, IPS, IDS, Server, and Proxy via Splunk SIEM solution.
● Analyze PCAP files for Malware analysis and find details of the infected hosts and write IOC on executive summary reports.
● Identify, track, and investigate high-priority threat campaigns, malicious actors with the interest, capability, and TTPs (Techniques, Tactics, and Procedures).
● Analyze and review escalated cases until closure.
● Conduct core information security activities: Security Information and Event Management (SIEM), Malware Detection, Vulnerability Management, Education & Awareness, Open-Source Intelligence (OSINT), Network Monitoring and Log Analysis.
● Monitor and analyze Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) alerts through Splunk and identify security incidents for remediation and investigation.
● Document all activities during an incident and provide management with status updates during the life cycle of the incident.
● Provide information regarding intrusion events, security incidents, and other threat indications and warning information to the client. Instructor
Private ikbal Middle Schools /TURKEY August 2005-June 2016
● Preparing materials for the classroom including interactive learning.
● Developing and implementing needs assessments, evaluations, and long-term plans related to ELT.
● Facilitating and monitoring a comprehensive, school-wide ELT Plan.
● Engaging students in the class in stimulating discussions.
● Monitoring performance of students and providing encouragement. NANCY POLAT
Cyber Security Analyst
Contact this candidate