EMOS T. AMEH
Providence, RI • 401-***-**** • ad5jh7@r.postjobfree.com • LinkedIn

Proven talent for aligning business strategy and objectives with established technical paradigms to achieve maximum operational impacts with minimum resource expenditures. Results-focused PCI DSS compliance and assessment professional with the strategic mindset to orchestrate critical technology projects to standout success, partnering with cross-functional teams and external stakeholders alike.

Passionate about the opportunity to further develop background and experience in a new and challenging leadership role. Dedicated and tenacious professional with keen interpersonal, communication, and organizational skills for the modern tech landscape.

Core Competencies

Program & Project Leadership
Cybersecurity Protocol
Risk Management
Active Directory Infrastructure
NIST RMF

Regulations & Compliance
Tech Tools & Solutions
Vendor Coordination
ISO 27001
Windows System Administration

Advanced Analytical Skills
Policy Development
Team Collaboration
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Warren Township Police Department, Warren, RI 2022 to Present
IT SECURITY ANALYST

Own responsibility for all technology-related infrastructure within the police department and fire/rescue department, this entails oversight of the implementation, management, and maintenance of applications and systems, encompassing hardware, networking, computers, servers, firewalls, switches, patch panels, wireless and wired networks, and various other hardware from different vendors.
Handle licensing for business applications, including CAD, police, EMS, and other applications.
Administer various aspects such as VMware, Active Directory, VLANs, email system security, access control, video surveillance, telephony, backups, disaster recovery, continuity of operations, E-government, and web development.
Uphold the highest professional, confidential, and ethical standards.
Identify and implement strategies for future technology growth, including projects, systems integration, data management, and security enhancements.
Collaborate with department heads to enhance efficiency and effectiveness.
Enact regular assessments to identify and address vulnerabilities in the organization's systems and networks.
Implement policies and procedures to maintain the integrity, confidentiality, and availability of information.
Educate employees on security best practices and raise awareness about potential threats.
Document security incidents, investigations, and resolutions for future reference and analysis.
Collaborate with other IT teams to integrate security measures into the overall IT strategy.

Eretmis Inc., Bronx, NY 2023 to 2023
PCI DSS SPECIALIST

Played a key role in overseeing and monitoring the PCI DSS compliance program.
Ensured thorough documentation, effective operation, and year-round monitoring of all PCI DSS controls, provided recommendations, drafted, and reviewed compensating controls.
Worked collaboratively in the development of cross-functional products and services with key stakeholders, validated the design and operational effectiveness of all technical remediation plans.
Conducted gap assessments and reviews, identifying, offering consultation, and tracking the remediation of all PCI compliance-related observations/findings.
Supervised and conducted periodic monitoring and reviews of audit logging records, ensuring appropriateness, timeliness, and completeness.
Provided support for PCI-related business, customer, and partner requests.
Collaborated with technical operation teams to create and maintain up-to-date, externally facing PCI-related program documentation for sub-merchants in a centralized location.
Managed paperwork, promptly addressing discrepancies for resolution.
Assumed a leadership role in group projects, delegating tasks, and offering constructive feedback.
Demonstrated excellent communication skills, both verbal and written.
Exhibited leadership capabilities by effectively motivating and inspiring others.

Hope Health of Rhode Island, Providence, RI 2010 to 2022
HOSPICE AIDE
Demonstrated exceptional professional skills and communicated effectively with patients and their families. Assumed a vital role in orienting five newly hired employees.
Collaborated seamlessly with the team, developing individualized plans of care based on patient needs.
Received accolades such as "Employee of the Quarter" and "On the Spot Recognition" over 10 times for consistently delivering excellence.

EDUCATION AND CREDENTIALS

Bachelor Of Science In Cyber Security And Network Engineering, 2021
New England Institute of Technology, East Greenwich, RI

Certifications, Security+ CISA

Technical Proficiencies:
Windows Server, MS Word and PowerPoint, Desktop Troubleshooting, My SQL, PowerShell Scripting,
Pen testing, also - Cisco Routers, Switches, Virtual/Physical Machines, Incident Response (Basic Knowledge), Active Directory Infrastructure, Active Directory Design/Administration, NIST RMF, Cybersecurity Assets Management, ISO 27001, Windows System Administration, Network Design and Security, Mail Servers, Linux System Administration

Interests: Fishing, soccer, running
Contact this candidate