SUMMARY
Accomplished cybersecurity professional with strong technical acumen and a track record of implementing robust security measures. Proficient in utilizing advanced security tools and methodologies to ensure optimal network security and regulatory compliance. Exceptional problem-solving and collaboration abilities demonstrated through successful cross-functional teamwork.
CERTIFICATIONS / SKILLS

CompTIA Security+ Certified: Issued by CompTIA
CompTIA CySA+ Certified: Issued by CompTIA
Fraud and Policy Awareness
Operational Risk Management
Web application testing (Burpsuite).
Working knowledge of log management and SIEM tools (Splunk).
Knowledge of the OWASP, ISO 2700x, NIST, HTTP / HTTPS protocol, SOP, CSP, CSF, MITRE ATT&CK, CORS, GDPR, HIPAA, SOX and PCI-DSS security frameworks.
Knowledge of TCP/IP networking, cloud computing, cryptography, application development, network architecture and protocols.
Action-Oriented, Critical Thinking, Analytical, Being Resilient, Communicate Effectively, and Self Development.
Expertise in data loss prevention, identity management, incident detection and response, and vulnerability management.
Excellent interpersonal skills and the capacity to cooperate in a group setting.
knowledge of the ITIL procedures and framework.
Knowledge of server configuration/architecture, cloud, database management/configuration, networking protocols/designs, and access management/access controls.
Knowledge IPS/IDS, WAF, NAC, FIM, DLP, SIEM, EDR, MDR, IVS, PEN
Knowledge of next-generation firewalls, such as Meraki MX
Proficiency with the Microsoft Security suite, which includes Entra, Cloud, Sentinel, 365 Defender, and Microsoft excel.
Vulnerability analysis (Nmap, Weblnspect, Nessus).
Proficiency in penetration testing tools (Metasploit, Kali Linux).
Computer Forensics (FTK and Encase).
Scripting with python and PowerShell.
Possesses excellent multitasking and time management skills to priorities and finish projects on their own. They can also adjust to shifting schedules, deadlines, and workloads.
Proficient with Java and professional knowledge of data structure.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
IT Compliance Security Analyst
Blessed Business Solutions, Brooklyn Park 02/2024 - present
Security and compliance of customer’s IT systems and procedures
Conducting Audits, and assessing risks
Collaborated in policy implementation, training, and comprehensive security reporting for senior management.
Created reports summarizing findings from investigations into data breaches or other cybersecurity events.
Implementing security measures to protect the customer’s systems and data.
Using confluence for documentation and quality control processes internally within the organization.

Application Security Analyst
Next Generation Services LLC, Michgan 01/2021 to 06/2022
Implemented and managed security controls for the organization's computer systems and network.
Examine and resolve issues with firewalls and other network security components.
Host security, including encryption, data loss prevention, endpoint detection and response, and group policy objects, should be configured, maintained, and troubleshooted. Monitor security toolsets and identify security-related issues, responding quickly to address threats.
Continuous conducting of vulnerability assessments and penetration testing.
Collaborated in policy implementation, training, and comprehensive security reporting for senior management.
Created reports summarizing findings from investigations into data breaches or other cybersecurity events.
Continuous Surveillance of network traffic and logs, secure responses to minimize (if any) security breach impact.
Using confluence for documentation and quality control processes internally within the organization.
Ability to apply skills learned from self-study and/or certification program to create innovative solutions to technical/security concern problems.
Cybersecurity Analyst
Zenith Bank Plc, Lagos, Nigeria 01/2017 to 12/2020
Data services and system security.
Configure, maintain, and troubleshoot cloud security across Microsoft Office 365, Azure, Amazon AWS, and other platforms.
Manage identity providers, including Microsoft AD and Azure.
Assessing, testing, and mitigating security risks within applications to ensure they meet industry standards and remain resilient against cyber threats.
Continuous Surveillance of network traffic and logs, responding swiftly to minimize security breach impact.
Collaborate on security incidents, changes, and support requests with the IT Infrastructure, Service Desk, and Application Support staff.
Collaborated in policy implementation, training, and comprehensive security reporting for management.
Managed and maintained servers, ensuring security measures, and providing end-user technical support.
Actively participated in IT projects, including system upgrades and new technology implementations.

IT Network Engineer
Zenith Bank Plc, Lagos, Nigeria 03/2008 to 01/2017
Designed, implemented, and maintained organizational network infrastructure, optimizing network performance, and troubleshooting connectivity issues.
Managed and maintained servers, ensuring security measures, and providing end-user technical support.
Actively participated in IT projects, including system upgrades and new technology implementations.
EDUCATION
MSc/Cybersecurity, Oklahoma Christian University, Edmond, Oklahoma 11/2023
MBA, Obafemi Awolowo University, Osun State, Nigeria 10/2014
B.Eng. in Electrical & Computer Engineering, Federal University of Technology Minna, Nigeria 10/2006
Contact this candidate