VAHSEK DINGA
Cyber Security Specialist SOC Analyst Malware Analyst
Phone: 469-***-****
Rockwall, United States
SUMMARY
@ ad5pmw@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/vahsek-dinga Dynamic IT professional with 4 years of IT experience which includes 2 years of experience as a SOC Analyst. Demonstrated ability to utilize SIEM and OSINT tools to monitor, investigate, analyze, and respond to security events on network, application, and endpoint. I have a Graduate Certiﬁcate in Cybersecurity Technology (University of Maryland Global Campus), CompTIA Security+, Certiﬁed in Cybersecurity (CC), and Google Cybersecurity Professional Certiﬁcate. At the University of Maryland Global Campus, I am presently pursuing a master's degree in cybersecurity technology. I am seeking an entry- level position to leverage the knowledge I have acquired about protecting organizations from cyber threats. Detail-oriented, quick learner committed to staying up to date on cybersecurity trends and technologies. I can be a great contribution to security posture of your organization.
SKILLS
EXPERIENCE
SOC Analyst (Level-I)
Securitas USA
11/2022 till present Dallas, TX
• Actively engaged in real-time log analytics of ICT assets such as Firewalls, IDS, IPS, Operating Systems (Microsoft Windows, Linux, UNIX, and Solaris etc.), system applications, databases, web servers, and network devices scattered across multiple remote site. Reviewing Organization’s Log Collection and retention policy based for real-time log traffic analysis on periodic basis.
• Responsible for security monitoring of networks, web sites, applications, databases, servers, data centers and other infrastructures to protect them from cyber threats. Report security incidents using ServiceNow ticketing system for events that signal an incident and require Tier 3 Incident Response review.
• Perform triage on alerts by determining their criticality and scope of impact. Investigate, analyze, and process endpoint alerts using SIEM tools, Crowstrike McAfee Antivirus, Mcaffee ePO, Cylance, Splunk Enterprise Security (IBM QRadar) and OSINT tools. Review and collect asset data, indicators of compromise, logs, configurations and running processes, on these systems for further investigation and reporting.
• Involved in planning and implementing preventative security measures and in building incident response and disaster recovery plans. Investigate, analyze, and process phishing email alerts from Proofpoint following standard operating procedures. Evaluate and process Web Site Review Requests from internal users to access blocked websites using OSINT tools. Perform proactive hunting for threats and using threat intelligent tools like Strike Ready to uncover threats that may have escaped the monitoring system.
• Actively engaged in round the clock monitoring and investigation of SOC Level-I security incidents [detection & response]. Escalating the security incidents to SOC Level-II after initial triage.
• Engaged with Incident Handling & Response Procedures (IHRPs) team (SIEM Managers, Threat Hunters & Senior SOC Analysts) to optimize CERT plan of the organization. Extracting & sharing IOCs with concerned ICT stakeholders for robust containment & remediation of sophisticated cyber- attacks on critical ICT infrastructure.
• Demonstrated skills in Statics, Dynamic and Automated Advance Malware Analysis. Hands of experience on secure malware sample extractions, diffusing obfuscations techniques, string analysis, behavioral and heuristic analysis, identification of Command and Control (C& C) communication points, API calls, DLL analysis, regshots and IOCs extraction. Expertise in customized and commercial automated sandboxing using enterprise level solutions (TrendMicro DDAN, Cuckoo [Open Source] etc).
• Analyze and resolve DLP alerts from McAfee DLP Manager and escalate True Positive PII incident to the Privacy Team for further investigation and action. Work incidents from initial assignment to final resolution. Investigate, interpret, and respond to complex security incidents. Fully document assigned tickets to show all work performed to pass SLRs. Develop and conduct weekly targeting training for the SOC team. Assist with the creation of the daily SOC report and brief customer, as necessary. IBM QRadar Dynamic & Automated Malware Analysis Static Malware Analysis Incident Response Network Defense MITE ATT&CK Framework Custom Parsing & correlation Yara Rules ISO 27001 Wireshark, ProcMon, PeStudio, Strings, Regshots, ProcessHacker, Fakenet NIST Log Analytics Endpoint Monitoring
SOC Analyst (Level-I)
Jendiz Furniture
03/2019 – 11/2022 Dallas, TX
• Monitored and analyzed events with a Security Information Event Monitoring (SIEM) system. Review alerts generated by detection infrastructure for false positive alerts and modify alerts as needed. Responsible for documenting incident, conducting, escalation and providing support during cyber incidents.
• Demonstrated knowledge of networking (TCP/IP, topology, and security), operating systems (Windows/UNIX) and web technologies (IIS, Apache). Performed site review request. experience in incident response oversight, continuous monitoring, risk analysis, and continuous risk assessments.
• Demonstrating record of monitoring and managing vulnerabilities, best practices, enhancing organization trainings, certifications, and providing leadership, guidance and consultation as needed. Comfortable and capable of executing project plans, communicating recommendations and status to leadership Ensuring proper measures and documentation are completed when an information and incident or vulnerability is discovered.
• Lead incident response activities, interface with enterprise SOC, management, and system administrators, recommend and institute preventative measures, identify causes of any breach, contain the breach, and direct recovery actions of a breach. EDUCATION
Master of Science: Cyber Security Technology
University of Maryland Global Campus
07/2023 - 12/2024 Maryland
Graduate Certificate: Cyber Security Technology
University of Maryland Global Campus
07/2023 - 03/2024 Maryland
Bachelor of Science: Common Law
University of Yaoundé 2
09/2011 - 09/2011 Yaoundé Cameroon
The GRC Approach to Managing Cybersecurity
University System of Georgia
12/2023 - 12/2023 Georgia
CERTIFICATIONS
CompTIA Security +
10/2023
Certified in Cyber Security (CC)+
09/2023
Google Cyber Security Professional Certificate (Coursera) 08/2023
A GRC Approach to Manage Cyber Security by University Systems Gerogia 12/2023
References
References will be provided on organizations’ request
Contact this candidate