James Carmichael
All-source Intelligence Analyst
Copperas Cove, TX 76522
ad63fa@r.postjobfree.com
334-***-****

Security Clearance: TS/SCI

Summary:

U.S. Army All-source Intelligence Analyst (MOS 35F) with 12+ years of experience and proven expertise in conducting time critical analysis supporting Special Operations Forces (SOF) and conventional military warfighters in multiple location and conflicts. Experienced in developing and briefing strategic intelligence products to support the Commander's mission planning CONUS and while deployed OCONUS. Experienced in conducting All-source/ Targeting Intelligence analysis to identify insurgent and IED networks in order to identify targets for possible lethal and non-lethal action by conventional and SOF ground combat forces. Able to fuse SIGINT, GEOINT, OSINT, and IMINT to produce assessments to create detailed technical products to support Prophet and HUMINT teams. Experienced and comfortable preparing and presenting intelligence briefings and presentations both formally and informally to Commanders, Staff, VIPs and peers. Proven ability to work without the need for close supervision from senior analysts or other supervisors. Experience is supported by a Bachelor Degree in Military History, with intention to complete PhD.

Critical Skills:

All-source Intelligence Analysis, reports and products
CI/HUMINT Analysis
Battlefield Forensics qualified
DOMEX and CELLEX
Army Enterprise System Intergration
Cyber Security Analysis
Social Network Analysis
Familiar with IC systems (Splunk, M3, Palantir, Python, ect.)
Financial Analysis
Counter Narcotics Intelligence Analysis
AFG/PAK Regional Analysis
Security Manager (FSO)
SOF Intelligence Analysis
Foreign Disclosure Officer (FDO)
Common Faculty Development Instructor
Quality Control and Product Editing
Briefing Senior Military Leadership

Work Experience:

October 2020-Present
Army Futures Command (AFC) Foreign Disclosure Representative
DOD Contractor
Mission Essentials – Orlando, Fla

Provide Foreign Disclosure (FD) services to Army Futures Command
Stand up and build FD process for the AFC Synthetic Terrain Environment (STE) Cross Functional Team (CFT)
Advise CFT General officers and staff on FD and Intelligence security
Act as FD and Intelligence security SME to CFT General Officer and staff
Assist in planning for FD from the CFT at the General officer and staff level
Facilitate planning for and execution of foreign visits. Developed protocols for VIP and out of CFT visitors with security in CFT.
Developed FD training for CFT to facilitate faster FD approval with AFC and FD Officers outside AFC.

February 2019 – September 2020
Joint Special Operations Command (JSOC) Fast Track Program Instructor
DoD Contractor
Cyberspace Solutions – Fort Bragg, NC

Provide instruction to Augmenters to JSOC operations
Assisted in the planning, preparation, and presentation of MOS-specific training for new and junior enlisted soldiers, sailors and marines.
Build, update and maintain the courses required to teach both Intelligence analyst and non-analyst to be able to work in the JSOC operations environment
Advise JSOC personal on needed changes in program
Deploy in support of JSOC operations to maintain proficiency in workflows and best practices.
Assisted the planning and integration for all new intelligence equipment and intelligence system hardware/software upgrades to ensure the continuity of operations.

September 2018- February 2019
Palantir FSR- Social Network Analysis SME
DoD Contractor
Shine systems - Quantico, VA

Provide Advanced Analytics Mentoring and Palantir training to Marines and civilians at both MCIA and MCCOG.
Assisted in the formulation and execution of organizational-level technical training events to accomplish unit-specific requirements.
Responsible for the New Equipment training of incoming personnel on assigned duties.
Assisted in the planning, preparation and presentation of MOS-specific training for new and junior enlisted soldiers, sailors and marines.
Maintaining understanding of cyber threat landscape, TTPs commonly used by adversaries and how to teach the process of investigation, how to limit and recover from attacks to advise students.
Daily meetings with Produce owners to build training and services to both contracts.
Provide deskside and classroom training of Palantir systems.
Assisted the planning and integration for all new intelligence equipment and intelligence system hardware/software upgrades to ensure the continuity of operations.

January 2018- September 2018
All-source Intelligence Analyst
DoD Contractor
InteliTrac, Inc

Supported CJTF-OIR under the CJ2X. Worked as Lead Analyst for the Debriefing Support Cell (DSC).
Assisted in the planning, preparation and presentation of MOS-specific training for new and junior enlisted soldiers, sailors and marines.
Created read ahead Biographical/assessment reports of personal and professional details as well as analysis of CI/HUMINT reporting on Iraqi Military and government officials for general officers conducting Key Leader Engagements (KLE) with Iraqi Ministry of Defense and other government officials throughout the CJTF Area of Operation.
Utilize various collection methods to include: Biometrics, CELLEX, DOMEX, MEDEX, SIGINT, HUMINT, and TECHINT to assist in comprehensive F3AED targeting of SMGs and ISIS networks and facilitation of CI/HUMINT operations.
Conducted research on Iraqi high-level officials to provide classified biographical reports and assessments to US and Coalition officials for KLE. Additionally, built and maintained a database to graphically show links (Social and financial) and political influences (Secular and religious) assessed from CI/HUMINT/SIGINT reporting of Iranian, Russian and Syrian actors on Iraqi VIPs and Government Officials.
Published 32 Read Ahead reports in the first 4 months working as DSC Lead. Five of these reports were published to Department of State officials and received excellent reviews.
Built Country wide tracker and SOP for maintaining oversight of appointments between CJTF-OIR general officers and Iraqi VIPs.
Built and maintained CI/HUMINT and Social network association link diagram and database, which allowed information from DSC read ahead report to be graphically displayed and shared on Palantir between multiple units.
Identify CI and HUMINT targets in Iraqi military and third nation workforce from leads in IIR reports and daily intelligence briefs to support full spectrum intelligence activities and operations of CJTF-OIR and mitigate insider threat risks.
Wrote SOP for and stood up Debrief Support Cell. First Lead Analyst for CJTF-OIR Debrief Support Cell (DSC).
Conducted weekly brief on the CI/HUMINT Network and potential CI threats to key leader engagements for CJTF-OIR Intelligence Sync meeting as Lead civilian analyst for CJ2X
Daily Briefed CJ2X on upcoming KLEs and was liaison between CJ2X and CI/HUMINT units forward in Iraq.
Assisted the planning and integration for all new intelligence equipment and intelligence system hardware/software upgrades to ensure the continuity of operations.

February 2010- July 2022
All-source Intelligence Analyst/ Security Manager/ Foreign Disclosure Representative
U.S. Army
Fort Hood, TX/ Fort Drum, NY/ Camp Casey, South Korea

Utilize various collection methods to include: Biometrics, CELLEX, DOMEX, MEDEX, SIGINT, HUMINT, and TECHINT to assist in lethal and non-lethal F3EAD targeting of HIG and ISIS insurgent networks and facilitation operations in Afghanistan
Produced daily GRINTSUM and Aviation Brief for Task Force ODIN from June 2016- January 2017, with nation-wide distribution in Afghanistan.
Perform and coordinate in-depth, F3AED targeting analysis in support of international counterterrorism/counternarcotic HIG, ISIS and Taliban operations within the intelligence community.
Assisted in the planning, preparation and presentation of MOS-specific training for new and junior enlisted soldiers.
Assisted in the planning, preparation and presentation of MOS-specific training for new and junior enlisted soldiers, sailors and marines.
As an Intelligence discipline or MI Systems Maintenance SME, assisted in the development and delivery of system-related sustainment training to ensure continuing effective capability.
Assisted in the planning, preparation and presentation of MOS-specific training for new and junior enlisted soldiers.
Published daily assessments of ISR coverage of aerial operations and made recommendations to cover ISR gaps throughout Afghanistan.
As an Intelligence discipline or MI Systems Maintenance SME, assisted in the development and delivery of system-related sustainment training to ensure continuing effective capability.
Subject matter expert on Poppy/Opium production and social network of narcotics trafficking from Afghanistan to Iran and Pakistan June 2016-January 2017.
Briefed and provided analytical assessments of Arial Treats throughout Afghanistan to the CJTF-A Commander.
Served as the Battalion S-2 NCOIC 2011-2015
Served as intelligence Analyst and Battalion Staff NCO of 780 Soldier Brigade Support Battalion
Primary duties include preparing and submitting Intelligence reports and summaries of HUMINT reports including highly technical SIGINT information from Prophet teams. Maintain Platoon equipment, in order to assist the battalion command team in the decision-making process convoy operations and resupply in the field.
Responsible for supervising, training and managing five soldiers assigned to his shift. Responsible for maintenance and accountability of Tactical Operations equipment valued in excess of $623,000.
Preform FDO duties in support of Battalion S2
Wrote and briefed weekly S2 security assessment of Counter-Terrorist activities to 2nd BDE Commander.
During Deployment and training, conducted route clearance assessment to counter IED threats to convoys
Wrote and maintained adherence to S2 SOP for Physical security policy from 2012-2015
Reported derogatory information for maintenance of security clearances
Maintained the JPAS functions for 2nd BDE/210th BSB
Facilitated security clearances for 210th BSB
Facilitate Foreign Disclosure officer (FDO) duties
Briefed and provided analytical assessments of Potential Arial Treats throughout Korea to 3rd MI BN Commander.

Education and Training:

Associates Degree of Gemological Science (1992)
Gemological Institute and College of America

Bachelor of Art in History (1994)
University of Georgia (Athens)

U.S. Army All-source Intelligence Analyst AIT (January 2009)
Fort Huachuca, AZ
Contact this candidate