DEMIAN JOHNSON
347-***-**** Bronx, NY ***** ad65x7@r.postjobfree.com
Security Analyst, Help Desk Support Associate, Junior Information Security Analyst

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
Information technology professional able to analyze security threats, conduct vulnerability assessments, audit results, and recommend security solutions.
Skilled to install security measures and operate software to protect systems and information infrastructure.
Experience utilizing ticketing systems to dictate daily workflow and execute on-site appointments.
Detail-oriented changemaker with the proven ability to identify inefficiencies and develop improvements.
Team leader adept at serving as a manager to employees, providing guidance and support in daily operations.
Currently preparing for the Security+ Certification.
Stays current on IT security trends.
CORE COMPETENCIES
Customer Service Cross-Functional Collaboration Firewalls Vulnerability Detection Security Industry Standards Priority Management Written & Verbal Communication Incident Response TCP/IP OSI 7 Teamwork
Time Management Prioritization Client Management Information Security Compliance
WAN Fundamentals Windows OS Linux Documentation Quick Decision Making

EDUCATION
Undergraduate Certificate, Cyber Security
DeVry College of New York, Lisle, IL – Expected Sept. 2024
3.84/4.00 GPA

Bachelor of Science in Political Science & Government
City University of New York, New York, NY
PROJECT EXPERIENCE

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Canon Business Solutions, New York, NY Aug. 2023 - Present
Parts Representative & Distribution Manager
•Utilized proven team leadership skills to serve as a management point of contact to employees, assisting in all facility operations while providing comprehensive mentorship on best practices and safeguard technician project completion.
•Continuously coordinated with senior leadership, communicating daily operations as well as arising issues to maintain internal transparency.
•Leveraged inventory management skills to acquire unused Canon components, saving substantial quantities in part costs while additionally achieving a 5th ranking status for savings in the company.

Astreya Google – New York, NY Feb. 2022 – Aug. 2023
Electronic Maintenance Technician (temporary)
•Applied technical expertise to set a record of efficiency in computer monitor construction, consistently assembling 27in and 32 in devices in less than 20 mins.
•Assessed client fulfillment needs and support tickets to dictate daily workflow between two office locations and the warehouse, designing a schedule that mitigated unnecessary travel.
•Deployed up to 30 devices from the warehouse per day, consulting with client orders to image and prepare the device according to user specifications before installing the technology at the appropriate location.
•Analyzed client needs to determine an optimal inventory level of multiple devices in client-accessible kiosks.
•Determined appropriate recycling action for out-of-service devices, destroying the old host and assessing the usability and age of the device to dictate its use to the company prior to redistribution, donation, or destruction.

Canon Business Solutions, New York, NY Sept. 2017 – Feb. 2022
Parts Representative & Distribution Manager
Assessed technician project requirements, analyzing componentry absence in warehouse storage and partnering with third-party vendors to coordinate equipment acquisition on a strict timeline.
•Processed up to 40 technician orders daily, compiling and organizing componentry needed for project, while additionally locating avenues to acquire items not housed in the warehouse.
•Managed daily inventory assessments, scanning and accounting for each part to make accurate, informed equipment orders and ensure project timeline integrity.
•Pioneered an initiative to augment order organization practices, separating printed technician orders to streamline operations and mitigate confusion throughout delivery.

Canon Business Solutions, New York, NY Jun. 2009 – Sept. 2017
Site Representative
Oversaw two building locations to conduct copier maintenance, print test pages, toners were fully supplied.
Engaged with clients regarding on printer functionality.
Placed service calls to technicians for repair.
Conducted inventory for copier parts and toners.
Contact this candidate