JAMES WALSH
Parkville, MD 443-***-**** ad66z6@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn
Summary
Security Analyst with a strong foundation in Cybersecurity concepts, risk assessment, and vulnerability management. Certified in CompTIA Security+ and CompTIA CySA+, with hands-on experience in log data analysis, threat detection, and SOC operations.
Professional Experience
National Cryptologic Foundation, Glen Burnie, MD
Podcast Host, February 2024 – Present
●Presented team pitch as a finalist at United Way Changemaker Challenge 2024
●Content Curation (Pre-production): Collaborate closely with the Producer to identify and select distinguished guests while efficiently managing scheduling for engaging and insightful recording.
●Content Development (Scripting and Creation): Spearhead the development of episode content
●Content Enhancement (Post-production): Offer constructive feedback on edited episodes to ensure high-quality content and contribute additional content or transitions as necessary to refine the final product.
Skyline Technology Solutions, Glen Burnie, MD
Cyber Defense Analyst, March 2021 – September 2023
●Analyzed log data, device alarms, and threat warning notifications to determine severity of potential threats using tools such as Splunk, CarbonBlack, and MS Defender.
●Composed and presented MDR (Managed Detection and Response) and VM (Vulnerability Management) reports to clients on a weekly basis.
●Identified issues not detected by monitoring systems through manual threat hunting.
●Collaborated with Engineering resources to resolve various security-related tasks, including adjustment of monitoring tools and detection rules.
●Created new SOPs (Standard Operation Procedure), documentation, and processes to further support the SOC and InfoSec teams.
●Monitored network for State DOT outages and security issues
Network Operations Center Technician October 2019 – March 2021
●Managed Cisco network for large State government clients, monitored and resolved network outages and security issues,
●Trained and on-boarded technicians, including training on SolarWinds.
●Communicated with clients for updates and problem resolution.
Tranzed Apprenticeship Services, Baltimore, MD
IT Instructor, June 2019 – September 2019
●Taught A+, Network+, and Security+ to groups of 2-10 students.
●Conducted role-specific training on Windows PCs, Routers, Switches, and Virtual Machines.
Education
University of Maryland, Adelphi, MD
B.S. Cybersecurity and Networking
Dean’s List
Relevant Courses: Ethical Hacking, Routing & Switching, Logic & OO Design, Linux, Digital Forensics, OS Security, Red Teaming & Penetration Testing, Threat Management, Vulnerability Assessment, Digital Forensics, Incident Response

Certifications
CompTIA CySA+ce
CompTIA Security+ce
CompTIA Network+ce
Splunk Core Certified User
eLearn Security Junior Penetration Tester, In Progress (exam goal July 2024)
CISA ICS 401v
Technical
NMAP, Splunk, Carbon Black, MS 365 Defender, Linux, CrackmapExec, Responder, Packet Capture/Analysis, Wireshark, Vulnerability Scanning, Greenbone, Nessus, GoBuster/FFUF, Python, Service Now, SharePoint, Bash, SQL, Connect Wise, Active Directory, TCP/IP, UDP, Cisco IOS, Network Troubleshooting
Professional Development
TryHackMe – top 1%, Hack the Box
Podcasts: Darknet Dairies, Malicious Life, Beers with Talos,
Built and maintain Active Directory Test Lab
BSides Security Conferences
Contact this candidate