FAROUK GBADAMOSI
IT Security Analyst
080********
Lagos State, Nigeria.
ad684q@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/farouk-gbadamosi87
EDUCATION
● Kwara State Polytechnic, Ilorin
HND Mechanical Engineering.
● Kwara State University, Malete
B.Eng. Mech. Engineering (In View).
TRAINING AND CERTIFICATION
● ALX Virtual Assistant
● One Trust GRC Professional
● Cisco Junior Cybersecurity Analyst
● MasterCard Cybersecurity Virtual
Internship.
● SAP Cybersecurity Engineering Virtual
Internship.
SKILLS
Hard Skills, Tools and Frameworks
● Qualys
● ServiceNow
● Forcepoint DLP
● Business Risk
● Information Security Management
● Vulnerability Management
● Information Security
● Active Directory
● Nessus
● NIST
● Security Information and Event
Management (SIEM)
● Vulnerability Assessment
● ISO 27001
● IT Risk Management
● Governance, Risk Management, and
Compliance (GRC)
● Jira
● CRM
● Slack
SUMMARY
● Energetic and result oriented IT Security Analyst with strong technical, Interpersonal, and Problem Solving skills.
● Hopeful for an IT Security role with a growth designed structure organization, bringing 12+ years of working experience across IT Security, Engineering and
Customer Support, and also ready to learn with a
growth mindset.
● Possess strong troubleshooting skills, IT Security, Incident Response and Management, GRC,
Vulnerability Assessment and Management, People's
Management, Customer Success and database skills.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Cybersecurity Analyst April. 2021-Present
Haychef Media Ltd.
● Maintain and monitor a central repository for audit evidence.
● Perform Vulnerability Assessment using tools such as Qualys and Nessus.
● Utilized security tools and technologies such as Data Loss Prevention, Firewalls and Intrusion Detection Systems to fortify defenses.
● Work together with other stakeholders to link our corporate IT with GRC objectives.
● Investigating security breaches and other
cybersecurity incidents.
● Safeguard digital assets and enhanced data and
system protection.
● Promotes implementation of ISO 27001 standards.
● Manage risk and vulnerability assessments,
validation testing, compliance reviews, and audits in accordance with NIST standards.
● Educates employees on cybersecurity best
practices, fostering a security-conscious work
environment.
● Contributed to the development of a comprehensive cybersecurity strategy aligned with organizational goals.
● Managed security updates, keeping systems and
software current with patches and updates.
● Led security awareness training initiatives to
promote a culture of cybersecurity vigilance.
● Teams
● Third Party Risk Management (TPRM)
Soft Skills
● Good Decision Making
● Detail Oriented
● Critical Thinking
● Analytical
● Effective Communication
● Planning
● Scheduling
● Time Management
● Problem Solving
● Leadership
● People's Management
REFEREE
Referees are available and to be provided based
on request and specification.
● Oversee risk management best practices and
improvement activities.
● Create risk assessment reports.
Customer Service Jan. 2017-Dec. 2020
Access Bank, Lagos.
● Manage customers’ relationships professionally and address all complaints, with 0% escalation rate.
● Coordinate all audit visits and work with business units to gather requested items for audits.
● Review and research complaints, draft responses, and track these responses in a timely manner via CRM.
● Ensured that the confidentiality or non-disclosure agreements entered with persons, third party or
services providers are kept confidential.
● Optimized the bank’s brand through strategic image management in meeting customers expectations.
● Maintained and updated customers’ databases
Periodically.
● Ensured that all customers and colleagues are
aware of applicable policies,
standards, procedures and security guidelines.
● Investigate debit cards and account security
breaches and other incidents and report feedback
to the anti-fraud unit.
Plant Engineer Dec. 2014–Dec. 2016·
First Maximum Point Industries Ltd. Akure
● Performed the operations and maintenance of
plants and machinery such as desolventizing
toaster, heat exchanger, extractor,in the vegetable oil solvent extraction plant.
● Increased higher plants and machine operations
efficiency by over 40%,by leveraging preventive
maintenance and routine checks.
● Sourced for qualified specialists and supervised the servicing and maintenance machineries for
optimum performance.
● Prepared daily reports on all operations and
activities in the plant and recommended
cost-effective strategies managing the plants.
● Improved the operations management during
production processes.
Teacher/Instructor (NYSC) Nov. 2013– Nov. 2014
Ultra International College, Akute, Ogun.
● Managed the class with remarkable results on
students' performance.
● Evaluated students' performance through tests,
exams and other assessments.
Maintenance Technician Sept. 2010–Aug. 2013·
First Maximum Point Industries Ltd. Akure
● Managed the maintenance of plants, machinery and equipment periodically.
● Recommended best cost-saving and effective
strategies for managing the Kernel Crusting Mill
Plant.
● Performed routine maintenance of plants &
machineries on a periodic basis.
● Adopted the preventive maintenance approach in
managing the daily operations of plants and
machineries.
● Prepared daily and monthly reports of activities in the plant.
Contact this candidate