lRay Majidy
PHONE: 202-***-****
E MAIL: ad69gt@r.postjobfree.com Ray Majidy LinkedIn
Washington DC
Professional Summary:
PMP Certified # 3772823 (Gholam R Majidy), DRII Disaster Recovery International, Business continuity (BCP), Risk Management, Cybersecurity, IT Architect, IT Infrastructure, EMC, and IBM Storage, reflecting strong leadership skills, diplomacy, ethical decision making and comprehensive technical knowledge. Maintain a superior record of customer satisfaction by continually identifying and understanding customer needs as well as delivering quality products and services on schedule and under budget. Currently, seeking a professional opportunity where can help shape the future of an Information Security or IT Department and Public Cloud, positioning it as a strategic asset within the organization. In addition, searching for a demanding and fulfilling role where can employ communication, mentoring, organizational focus, and technology skill sets. Fluent in three additional languages, German and French.
Technical Skills:
PMP Certified (Gholam R Majidy), DRII Disaster Recovery International, Business continuity (BCP) and Risk Management, Project Manager, IT Infrastructure, ServiceNow, Cybersecurity, AWS Architect Solution, Azure, GCP, Scrum Master, Agile, Waterfall, Linux, SQL, AIX, TCP/IP, IBM Systems (including power, and IBM DS8870 Storage SAN), Brocade Fibber channel director switch fabrics, DASD Plus, MQ Manager and WebSphere, ROBOT, JIRA, command line programming (CL) and RPG IV, DB2, SafeNet, Commvault, EMC Virtual Storage, Air-Gapped, Rubrik, EMC Clarion, EMC VPLEX, DMX and VMAX storage arrays, Microsoft tools, MS office, ArcherBC tool, Veeam.
Certifications:
PMP Certified (Gholam R Majidy), ITIL 2011 Foundation, DRII International in progress, CISSP in progress, Cybersecurity, IT Infrastructure, Agile, Waterfall, MIMIX replication tool, iTERA, HMC, DASD Plus, Operation Navigator, Programmer Analyst, IBM Certified iSeries Admin., CL and RPG IV coding, JD Edward Applications, DB2, TCPIP, many LinkedIn Certification.
Public Trust Clearance.

Professional Experience:

DHHS – State of North Carolina – IT Management Consultant, Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity 8/2021 – Present
Review the departments Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity plan for Hospitals, Schools, Children center, Food Distribution, and buildings including DOJ, DoD, SSA, DHS.
Manage and supervise all project/task order functional operations and staffing assignments.
Regulatory Project Manager with demonstrated knowledge in Agile, Scrum, DevSecOps, DoD Cyber Security and cloud, Data Governance to support enterprise Risk Management (ERM).
Worked with eCTD is the standard format for submitting applications, amendments, supplements, and reports to FDA’s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research (CDER) and Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research (CBER).
Worked on flow designer is a core component of ServiceNow and legacy functionality which we don’t really need developer’s interaction.
working in IT Security for the Health and Human Services sector
Experience with electronic document management systems (EDMS), Cloud-based engineering workflow and document management with commercial-grade security. Users have mobile access to the files they need anywhere, anytime. No installation requirements.
Worked with electronic trial master files (eTMF), Capture study changes such as protocol amendments that affect expected documents, plus track collection and quality control event stories to verify completion and AI trained.
Worked on HIPAA, state and federal guidelines on security, transactions and security.
eQMS software purposefully built for life science organizations. The system supports core processes relevant to the industries, such as document control, design control, change control, supplier management, training management, audit management.
Prepares necessary management reports prior to delivery to Prog Manager and ArcherBC tool.
Experience with Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) for Good Manufacturing Practices in the food industry, specifically the sanitation process to ensure the safety of all consumables.
Worked with Assurance CM for storing all departments BIA, DRP, AAR, Application criticality and all related documents for upgrade and recovery, keeping track of all 49 Departments.
Worked GCP is an international quality standard that lays down by a guideline named ICH E6 (R2) Good clinical practice.
Led diverse disaster recovery/business continuity team in a global environment supporting the following platforms: Unix/ Windows/ Network/ Tandem/Midrange/Storage/Mainframe production data centers.
Worked with Computer Systems Validation (CSV) – is a process used to test, validate, and formally document that a regulated computer-based system does exactly what it is designed to do in a consistent and accurate manner that is secure,
Prepare many PowerPoints for executives Ransomware tabletop exercise to direct all centers to better protect their data and manage with MS Office
Responsible for the maintenance of the project's database and related IT systems.
Conduct disaster recovery operation review meetings with key business stakeholders
AWS Recovery experience and steps with Risk Management, Evolute Recovery Plan Objective, Collect data and create the written document, test revise
Maintain budget compliance and documentation.
Ensure that technology platforms have redundancy, backup, and recovery strategies in place to support program goals.
Successfully perform project financial forecasting, utilize financial tools in Excel, and collaborate with the finance and accounting department when applicable.
Support Debt Software Testing team to troubleshoot and resolve agency debt file testing issues and support with Input Management configuration setup on the mainframe for agency file testing.
Worked with activating AWS organization and account, AWS, AZURE, GCP units, AWS service control policies, AWS S3 testing the organization policies
Ensure that business and supporting applications have fully documented and executable disaster recovery plans from a BT infrastructure recovery standpoint and are able to support the recovery objectives.
Prepare all the departments for yearly review of the plans starting September time to go through all
Ensure that program objectives are met on time and within budget.
changes and updates and more improvements and set the deadline for them to upload their plan for review.
Attended CM Assurance course to store all the department activities, updates, and documents.
Ensure and enforce compliance with the Contract's terms and conditions.
Provides leadership for department managers in a business continuity or disaster recovery plan review to assure the effectiveness of recovery procedures.
Perform quality control/quality assurance inspections to ensure that all performance requirements are met or exceeded.
Manage data migration workstream within the established project budgets and advise Project Manager of potential deviation.
Developing and delivering a details data migration plan
Overseeing and ensuring delivery of all aspects of data analysis, mapping, and transfer
Liaising with key stakeholders and system integration partners
Works with audit and governance groups internal and external to the company to assist them in completing their reviews.
Manage and monitor project risks and propose solutions to ensure success.
Oversees separate initial and ongoing comprehensive training programs for data entry, scanning, quality control, and MedDRA coder personnel.
Application Management Support for transitioning file processing off the Mainframe to AWS Cloud.
Provides corporate leadership in the development of emergency response procedures.
Participates in disaster recovery planning professional organizations and attends continuing education courses in disaster recovery planning.
Project Management on Power Store, evaluate staff performance and ensure that all project staff receives regular performance reviews.
Organize, supervise, and train the project staff and direct the execution of the business functions of the project.
Establish and maintain training and awareness programs that result in personnel being able to respond to incidents in a calm and efficient manner.
Manifest Technology – IBM iSeries Security & Risk Management Lead
12/2020 – 7/2021
Constructing and implementing augmentations to the disaster recovery strategy and program as necessary
Creating, recording, and performing disaster recovery exercises and drills
Review all the users access management policy and make a correction based on access control models
Responsible for the development documentation implementation and maintenance of the BCP program including governance policies processes and standards
Responsible for establishing and overseeing annual testing of BCP strategies and plans including documenting reporting and tracking test results
Responsible for staying abreast of and in compliance with regulatory requirements and industry best practices
Proficient and broad knowledge in business continuity recovery processes concepts strategies and methodologies including risk assessment business impact analysis recovery procedures training metrics and crisis management, Commvault, Veeam
Ability to collect and summarize information for relevant management updates and crisis management calls during the time of an incident
Manage projects from inception to completion, driving measurable results and reducing risk
Design and implement enhancements to the business continuity management program
Conduct, facilitate and track business continuity planning and testing activities
Create and institute an effective management reporting solution
Support BC management during all emergency or regional crises with appropriate monitoring and reporting of the event and during all specialized information gathering projects such as location risk surveys and Business Impact Analysis
Meet with management and facilitate the access and roles, policies, users, groups
Coordinate in Cherwell ITSM ticketing tools for business demand and meetings
Set up a tool to record, capture and authenticate user login info. and manage the employee database of users and job roles.
HHS – IT Project Management Consultant, Disaster Recovery Specialist - Washington, DC 1/2019 – 11/2020
IT Disaster Recovery Specialist for US Department of Health and Human Services (HHS)
Writing an IT Disaster Recovery plan. working in IT Security for the Health and Human Services sector.
Reviewed HHS Master COOP Business continuity (BCP) in steak holder meetings,
Building well-rounded Security and ArcherBC tool.
Manage and setup standup meeting Scrum master.
Worked on ServiceNow with upgrade-safe platform logic, replacing complex custom scripts. Develop, share, and reuse custom flow components with other flow designers.
Write a brand-new Disaster Recovery plan for ACF-HHS with very many agencies they connect.
Worked with eCTD is the standard format for submitting applications, amendments, supplements, and reports to FDA’s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research (CDER) and Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research (CBER).
Experience with electronic document management systems (EDMS), Cloud-based engineering workflow and document management with commercial-grade security. Users have mobile access to the files they need anywhere, anytime. No installation requirements.
Worked with electronic trial master files (eTMF), Capture study changes such as protocol amendments that affect expected documents, plus track collection and quality control event stories to verify completion and AI trained.
eQMS software purposefully built for life science organizations. The system supports core processes relevant to the industries, such as document control, design control, change control, supplier management, training management, audit management
Prepares necessary management reports prior to delivery to Prog Manager and ArcherBC tool.
Experience with Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) for Good Manufacturing Practices in the food industry, specifically the sanitation process to ensure the safety of all consumables.
Worked GCP is an international quality standard that lays down by a guideline named ICH E6 (R2) Good clinical practice.
Worked on AWS, GCP, AZURE to implement their data into cloud
Led diverse disaster recovery/business continuity team in a global environment supporting the following platforms: Unix/ Windows/ Network/ Tandem/Midrange/Storage/Mainframe production data centers.
Worked with Computer Systems Validation (CSV) – is a process used to test, validate and formally document that a regulated computer-based system does exactly what it is designed to do in a consistent and accurate manner that is secure,
Prepare many PowerPoints for executives Ransomware tabletop exercise to direct all centers to better protect their data and manage with MS Office
Ensure that business and supporting applications have fully documented and executable disaster recovery plans from a BT infrastructure recovery standpoint and are able to support the recovery objectives.
Act as the primary resources for assigned environment health checks to ensure all component systems and device maintenance and operational status is maintained in a ready state.
Following appropriate training, is expected to be able to participate as team resource to assist with customer implementations.
Works with level II or Senior engineers to plan and execute (as deemed appropriate) any system updates or upgrade projects as assigned.
Worked on HIPAA, state and federal guidelines on security, transactions and security
Majidy-IT Consulting – Management Consultant – dc.gov & Federal Gov. – Washington, DC 2017 – 2019 CBE Certified for dc.gov.
Infrastructure and Disaster Recovery and Cloud Consultant with Data warehousing
Managed Intrusion Detection, Malware analysis and revising, and building well-rounded Security.
Project Manager, Change Manager, Capacity Management, Infrastructure Management
Experience with replication technologies (Zerto, Veeam, Azure, Site Recovery Manager, Carbonite), managing projects for IBM mainframe and pricing them for HD/SW
Plan and manage the IT Disaster Recovery budget, and report on variances in actual vs. planned with Agile and Scrum.
Worked on project management tools - JIRA, SharePoint, Sciforma, Salesforce, MS Project
Business continuity (BCP), Disaster Recovery (DRP), Risk Management
Primary resources for tickets directed to the team and responds in a timely and efficient manner to determine cause of issue and resolves the issue as quickly as possible.
Provides clear and accurate communications with customers regarding the status of the case in a timely fashion. Escalates to or engages with level II or Senior engineers as needed to ensure steady progress to a final resolution.
Infosys Limited – Western Union Bank – Washington, DC 2016 – 2017
Project Management Disaster Recovery Consultant
Manage the multiple meeting with Data base engineers to RTO/RPO for the DR Plan set the minutes to recover in term of failure.
Managed Cloud Security and Security Analysis and Risk Analysis
Write the complete Disaster Recovery Plan from scratch to show all the timeline, so what will be done and task in every week and month going forward.
Experience with Senior stakeholder management (CISO, head of Audit department, etc.).
Set periodic meetings with our vendor HP management and engineers, in Denver to size the hardware needed for the recovery site in Chicago and have them deliver to datacenter.
Manage the meeting for pricing all the hardware, the size of disk, memory, processor needed for recovery datacenter in Chicago.
Train all subject matter expert what it needed in term of recovery and document needed from them - Managing projects for IBM mainframe and pricing them for HD/SW
Manage and establish the annual budget and cash plans and manage expenditures and charge outs to operate within the approved budget.
Commercial management selecting, negotiating, contracting for new and existing data center vendor co-location providers.
Manage twenty-two agencies, 233 servers, 16 IBM iSeries and Mainframes, DS8800 SAN, and Window and Linux, and over 100 disaster recovery-assigned staff members.
Manage and work with leadership to build and oversea the DR program. This includes assisting in the development and maintenance of all enterprise Disaster Recovery policies, standards, procedures, and guidelines with UAT environments.
Manage and oversee testing and implementation of a Disaster Recovery plan to ensure failover occurs to their secondary site and that all hardware/software are compatible at both locations, along with network connectivity,
Actively mentors and helps further the knowledge and skills of other engineers on the team and is a source of encouragement and support.
Manage and Identify Disaster Recovery best-practices both internal and external. Support key stakeholders to ensure that those best practices are widely adopted by Disaster Recovery
Manage and Works with level III or Senior engineers to plan and execute (as deemed appropriate) any system updates or upgrade projects as assigned.
Work with leadership to build and manage the DR program. This includes assisting in the development and maintenance of all enterprise Disaster Recovery policies, standards, procedures, and guidelines with UAT environments.
Monitors the Enterprise Continuity Office team’s progress in assisting departments throughout the enterprise in developing Business Impact Analyses, Recovery Time Objectives and Recovery Point Objective, and Plans with Agile and Scrum
Managed and stablished runbooks for each exercise to assure that the failover procedures were accurate and repeatable and that the associated risks were minimized.
Review the AWS S3 and Azure cloud Technology in the datacenter.
Experience with Government standards and guidelines (OMB A-130, A-123, NIST SP […] NIST SP 800-37, NIST SP 800-30, FIPS 199, FISMA, PRISMA)
Manage and redesign of the process of benchmarking the technical recovery times of core infrastructure elements improving the accuracy of recovery time and recovery point objective calculations for business unit applications. Compiled and wrote risk assessments (RA), Security Manuals, System Security Plans (SSP), Disaster Recovery and Contingency Plans (DR/CP)
Researched and documented security recommendations and outline a roadmap for implementation. Worked with team to assign testing date for DR and HA plan and set the go live.
Infosys - Ruffalo Noel Levitz – RNL Remote DC 2016 – 2016
Project Manager and Storage Assessment - DOJ, DoD, SSA, DHS.
Had to analysis and examine customer documentation provide AS-IS power point with Gap Analysis of their Storage and Backup Infrastructure with Mainframe, Linux, AIX, Unix, VMware
Synced and replicated production systems on the fly with another SAN storage location for disaster recovery purposes. Business continuity (BCP)
Experienced establishing and managing a Governance and Oversight Committee to determine risk and define risk appetite for the company and communicate it to executive leadership.
work cooperatively and collaboratively in a multinational team environment and build effective working relations with clients, colleagues, and vendors.
prioritize conflicting demands in high-pressure and time-critical situations.
Storage products assessment on EMC Clarion, EMC VPLEX, DMX and VMAX storage arrays, EMC Replication technologies, Brocade Fibber channel director switch fabrics, EMC Recovery Point, ViPR SRM, NetApp filers and experience in storage migration projects, Dell EMC XtremIO, EMC VNX series
Manage and oversee testing and implementation of a Disaster Recovery plan to ensure failover occurs to their secondary site and that all hardware/software are compatible at both locations, along with network connectivity and Agile and Scrum
Collaborated with SAN Engineers in reducing 100% downtime on all Storage
Trained clients in operating newly installed systems and authored technical manuals.
Performed troubleshooting maintenance and repair of installed systems for clients.
Provided extensive studies and research in maintaining Backup Exec and Symantec Veritas NetBackup environment.
Infosys Limited – DC Department of Human Services – Washington, DC 2015 – 2016
Infrastructure Technical and Team Lead
Supervise the capacity planning for Release 2 enhancement from Release 1, Oracle Full RAC, including gathering all data and forecast from past 6 month to next 2 years.
Developing Visio diagram for DCAS physical database in Oracle environment with ESB SOA, IAM, ETL, UC4, Notices, Curam WebLogic
Managed Risk Analysis and mitigation, Intrusion Detection, Malware analysis and revising,
Manage and redesign of the process of benchmarking the technical recovery times of core infrastructure elements improving the accuracy of recovery time and recovery point objective calculations for business unit applications.
Worked on project management tools - JIRA, SharePoint, MS Project
Business continuity (BCP), Disaster Recovery (DRP), Risk Management
Gathering and educating and brainstorming with the team throughout all stages, including delivery of effective PowerPoint presentations for each step of the project.
Conducted technical information security and assurance concepts to non-information security individuals. MS Project Office, Business continuity (BCP)
Examined Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity plans and addressed short- and long-term critical business requirements.
Worked on project management tools - JIRA, SharePoint, Sciforma, Salesforce, MS Project
For Cloud met with several vendor (AWS, Azure, VMware) and all the management to choose recovery approach with DR planning and the cost saving purpose.
TCS - John Wiley & Sons – Somerset, NJ 2013 – 2015
Project Manager and iSeries DS8870 Storage Engineer
Managed all weekly meeting to consolidate all Wiley’s servers from UK to Somerset, NJ which were running out of space for Datawarehouse or Financial Systems Management.
Managed Intrusion Detection, Malware analysis and revising, and building well-rounded Security.
Organized and planned the 2014 Disaster Recovery Exercise for the Somerset NJ production with secondary hot-site DR data center and saving cost accordingly with budget.
Worked on the successful completion of an SDLC from a security workstream standpoint
Meet the management to convince steak holder the approach for moving all servers to Somerset, NJ from United Kingdom for better management and cost saving and manage data warehousing.
Managed and created 2 partitions and in Somerset, NJ and migrated the UK servers to US for many costs saving purpose.
Presenting executive level reports on project security and compliance
Managed, all Change Management and capacity management for IBM Infrastructure and servers and SAN Storage with DS8800 for recovery datacenter and Brocade FC Switch series.
Managed and supervised a project moving a UK Development and QA partition to a US based system with coordinating programmers, including licenses and release, software, coordination and installation.
Initiated the process and obtained stakeholder approval to move a large IBM iSeries system from UK to the US, reducing the cost of hardware upgrade and software licenses. MS Project Office
Manage and Maintain and Administer IBM Tivoli Storage Productivity Centre (TSPC)
Hands on experience of configuration of Enterprise class of Storages IBM DS8800
Manage and capture detailed steps for each project with estimated start and end date and estimated resource requirements (hours, costs)
Managing full Software Development Lifecycle (DSLC) Projects for Disaster Recovery of all the updates and testing on recovery center and building up DR policies and procedures
Define a provide a portfolio view of all projects with a high-level status indicator (On Target, At Risk, Delay), and portfolio road map view and identify dependency between projects.
While testing Somerset Datacenter testing with recovery datacenter, act as first line support, dealing with disaster recovery issues and ensuring that problems are dealt with effectively and business disruption minimized.
Troubleshoot and resolve mainframe Debt file processing production operational issues due to Input Management application or any other Mainframe related issue.
Reporting security protocols and requirements to stakeholders and/or technical project managers
Strong performance management skills to include coaching, goal setting, holding team members and self-accountable for commitments.
Managing and staying on top of organizational people, making sure team is on the right path and getting things completed on-time and within budget.
eviCore Healthcare – IBM iSeries System Engineer Manager 2010 – 2012
iSeries (AS400) Administrator (System Engineer)
Installed MIMIX and iTera replications tool to copy all data from south Carolina to New Jersey Hot site.
Dell EMC discovery and writing to disk technology for quicker Recovery.
Improving the Disaster Recovery plan, securing the system control.
Wells Fargo Bank – Potomac MD 2007 – 2009
IBM iSeries (AS400) Administrator (System Engineer)
Installed MIMIX replications tool in all 32 partitions and upgrate.
Managed and operated the backup system and recovery of all partitions.
Securing all the system control and application software with Detect-IT and SafeNet tools.
Managed all upgrades in all the partitions and licensing and change management
Business continuity (BCP) and DRP
Fannie Mae – Reston, VA 2006 - 2007
Security Analyst (Sarbanes Oxley Compliance) for AS400, other Systems
Cybersecurity: Risk analysis, recovery site Security, Building a well-rounded skillset, CISSP methodology
Compiled and wrote risk assessments (RA), Security Manuals, System Security Plans (SSP), Disaster Recovery and Contingency Plans (DRP/BCP)
Selected Federal employees to participate in NITC wide Vulnerability Assessment Team (VAT) in reducing risks 65% by implementing monthly action item meetings.
Documentation expertise for the purpose of security policy development, audit finding responses, security risks/gap analysis reports etc.
Writing scripts to extract forensic activities in the systems and conducted IT Deloitte audits for general and application controls for client financial systems
Reviewed client IT policies and procedures to ensure compliance with best practices.
Researched and documented security recommendations and outline a roadmap for implementation.
Served as SOX Analyst for AS400/Mainframe systems, including:
Implemented a disaster recovery system and provided periodic reporting on information security issues.
Documented daily, weekly, and monthly forensic activity.
Maintained Access Control Activities/violation for audit purposes.
Centralized monitoring activities in a shared directory
US Department of Social Security Harrisburg, PA 2005 - 2006
iSeries Engineer and Security Analyst (Sarbanes Oxley Compliance) for AS400, other Systems
IBM AS400 System configuration and migration to secondary system
System upgrade and deliver with new Operating system
Compiled and wrote risk assessments (RA), Security Manuals, System Security Plans (SSP), Disaster Recovery and Contingency Plans (DRP/BCP)
US Department of Treasury Sterling, VA 2003 - 2004
IBM iSeries System Administrator
IBM AS400 System configuration and migration to secondary system and system upgrade
Successful migration and maintenance of Debt Input Management application supporting the Treasury, Cross-Servicing, and Centralized Receivables Service mainframe file processing.
Compiled and wrote risk assessments (RA), Security Manuals, System Security Plans (SSP), Disaster Recovery and Contingency Plans (DRP/BCP)
IBM – Bethesda, MD 1995 – 2002
System Administrator
Multiple Projects, Change Manager, Capacity Management, Infrastructure Management documenting with MS tools and reporting.
Supporting Federal Paperless solution, dealing with scanners and programming
Manage and performed numerous duties to set up all the servers to new facility and move data center to another location and sizing and configurations.
Cybersecurity: Risk analysis, Cloud Security, Building a well-rounded skillset
Authored, tested, and launched the company’s first remote disaster recovery planning process with another IBM location. Business continuity (BCP) (DRP)

Education:
HERZING College (Programmer Analyst) bachelor’s degree
CONCORDIA University, B.S. Computer Science
Professional Affiliations, Achievements and Skills:
Member of Lion’s Club, Mentor at Streetwise Partners in DC, Member and Speaker with Toastmaster
International, Member of PUMC Men’s Volunteer Group, language tutoring volunteer in Hilton Head, South Carolina, DC Smithsonian Volunteer, Meetup Organizer of DC Metro Hiking group (8200 members)
Contact this candidate