RESUME OF
JAMES KATANDULA
SUMMARY
● Knowledgeable and performance-driven Data Security Analyst with 3+ years of extensive experience in analyzing and responding to any network incidents, assisting in the user access management, and testing firewalls and malware systems.
● I offer great analytical skills and significant ability to perform well under pressure.
● Detail-oriented professional accustomed to working in fast-paced team environments. EDUCATION
Master of Science, Cyber-Security, Kennesaw State University, Kennesaw, GA, expected December 2025 Bachelor of Science, Information Technology Security and Assurance, Kennesaw State University, Kennesaw, GA, July 2020 CERTIFICATIONS
CompTIA Sec+(COMP001021750930)
EC Council CEH(ECC68)
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Department of Human Services, Atlanta, GA January 2022 – October 2023 SOC Analyst/Consultant
● Identified remediated security threats, vulnerabilities and potential malicious activities through MITRE ATT&CK framework and the Cyber Kill Chain Created detailed reports outlining the findings of investigations into security events or incidents.
● Monitored network traffic for suspicious activity using SIEM tools such as Splunk and various security tools.
● Responded promptly to any Endpoint Security alerts related to system security or cloud Security.
● Performed incident response, forensics, and root cause analysis on security incidents. Center For Disease Control, Atlanta, GA July 2022 – March 2023 Vulnerability Analyst/Consultant
● Conducted vulnerability scans using automated tools, such as Nessus, Nexpose, and OpenVAS.
● Analyzed data from security testing tools to identify potential vulnerabilities in systems and applications.
● Implemented countermeasures to mitigate identified risks associated with discovered vulnerabilities. RSM US LLP, Atlanta, GA January 2021 – January 2022 Junior SOC Analyst/Consultant
● Performed incident response and root cause analysis on security incidents.
● Conducted vulnerability assessments of IT systems and applications.
● Analyzed logs from various sources including web servers, application servers, databases, IDS and IPS systems.for possible security breaches.
● Created detailed reports outlining the findings of investigations into security events or incidents.
● Provided technical guidance in developing secure architecture designs for new projects or initiatives.
● Implemented processes to ensure compliance with industry regulations such as PCI DSS, GDPR, HIPAA.
● Collaborated with internal teams to improve system performance and enhance overall security posture of the organization's infrastructure.
Coca Cola Enterprises, Atlanta, GA January 2020 – December 2020 Threat Intelligence Analyst/Consultant
● Assisted digital investigations involving the Company's intellectual property, financial and privacy data, including resolution of potentially criminal matters.
● Performed complex digital investigations supporting data loss prevention and insider threat programs.
● Developed intelligence documents for senior leadership briefings.
● Identified and evaluated critical information from various sources, such as human intelligence, open-source intelligence, imagery intelligence, signals intelligence and geospatial intelligence.
● Analyzed data from a variety of sources to identify potential targets, threats or opportunities. TECHNICAL SKILLS
● Threat hunting & analysis, Penetration testing (Burp suite), Permissions and Access Control, Kali Linux, Source Code Review, Nmap, MITRE ATT&CK framework and the Cyber Kill Chain, Cloud security, Forensics and endpoint security, SIEM and IT ticketing (Splunk, SIEMonster, Crowdstike, Archer), Linux/Windows processes, TCP/UDP Protocols, IDS/IPS, Firewall & VPN Configuration, Endpoint Log Analysis, NIST SP 800-53 Framework, Vulnerability & Malware analysis
Contact this candidate