Dear Hiring Authorities,

I am a dedicated, experienced and articulate cyber security analyst with demonstrated experience in incident and management response, networking, and risk management framework, with outstanding customer service.

It is with interest and enthusiasm that I respond to your announcement of a job opening in your organization. The key competencies I possess which relate directly to your job requirements include:

Communication skills - successful in building strong cooperative relationships with key clients and decision-makers.

Problem solving ability - analytical thinker regarded as a resourceful problem solver evident in the successful development and implementation of new policies and procedures.

Planning and organizing - proven record of effectively prioritizing multiple tasks and assignments in a fast-paced work environment to efficiently and effectively meet departmental and program objectives.

Based on my past work experiences the additional skills I can bring to your organization include but not limited to: precise outage reporting, attention to detail, overseeing and reviewing outages and if the need arrives, process improvement strategies. I am adept at identify control gaps in processes, procedures and systems through in-depth research and assessments. I am convinced that my broad experiences in my previous experience and education have equipped me with a strong set of valuable competencies that will meet your needs.

I am eager to combine those previous experiences with my passion for joining a new agency in order to make a meaningful contribution to your organization. If you are searching for an experienced, detail-oriented and results-driven Professional with a drive for personal and team success, innovative business acumen and communications skills that can optimize the goals of your organization then look no further! I am eager to learn more about the challenges facing your company and discuss how I will make a valuable asset to your organization.

Very Respectfully,

Brandon Cannon
Cyber Security Analyst

Brandon Cannon

Address: 6709 Stanton Rd, Hyattsville, Maryland 20784
Mobile Number: 253-***-****
Email: ad6fnt@r.postjobfree.com
Security Clearance: Current Top-Secret Clearance
Education: Master’s Degree in Business Administration (MBA), CompTIA Advanced Security Practitioner (CASP+) Certification, and Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA)
Objective: Seeking opportunity to enhance business operations by supporting mission goals.
Technical Proficiencies
Network Engineering: OSI/TCP IP Model, Routers, Switches, Static Routing, Dynamic Routing Protocols EIGRP, OSPF, BGP, HSRP, Port-Inter-VLAN Communication, TCP/UDP, Load Balancing, Standard and Extended ACL’s, Port Security, Network Address Translation, Port Address Translation, VTP, STP, VPN, VOIP, DHCP, DNS, Firewalls, Proxies

Operating Systems: Microsoft Windows Server 2012R2, 2008R2, Windows 10, Windows 7, Windows XP

Enterprise Software: Microsoft 365 Business Premium, Microsoft Office 2016, 2013, 2007, 2003, Cisco Unified Call Manager 7, Communications Manager 10.5, Cisco Unity Connection 7, 10.5, Hyland Onbase 16, OpenText Rightfax, SonaSoft SonaVault, Watchguard System Manager Firewall/Proxy Server, Emphasys Elite, Adobe Acrobat Pro 8, 10, DC

Hardware: Dell Power Edge & Rack Mounted Servers, Desktops and Laptops, Cisco Catalyst 3560G Switch, Cisco ASA 5510 Series Firewalls, Cisco Routers 2921, 2901, 1861, 2811 Cisco VOIP/IP Telephony, Cisco IP Phones 7962, 7960, 7912, 7905, Watch guard Firebox XTM520, M300

Database Mgmt: Microsoft SQL 2008, 2016, Microsoft Access 2013

Goals:

Cyber Skills
To obtain a position where I can utilize my Business Management studies, while given the opportunity of continued growth throughout the company.

Enhanced Interior Gateway Routing Protocol (EIGRP)
Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP)
Host Standby Router Protocol (HSRP)
Open Shortest Path First (OSPF)
Border Gateway Protocol (BGP)
Port-Inter-VLAN Communication
Transmission Control Protocol (TCP)
User Datagram Protocol (UDP)
Port Security, IP Address,
Network Address Translation
Port Address Translation
Virtual private network (VPN)
Voice Over IP
Firewalls, Servers, Switches Routers, Proxies
Static and Dynamic Routing, WAN, LAN
Briefings/Reports, Talking Papers, White Papers
Laptop and Desktop Configuration
JAVA, HTML, SQL
Auditing
Cisco Unified Call Manager
Experience:
May2017 – Present, Analytic IQ Tech Solutions Washington, DC - Remote
Mid-Level Cyber Security Analyst
Responsible for Computer Network Defense and Cyber Security related information, tasking, orders, alerts, warnings and notices.
Reported cyber related vulnerabilities to higher management.
Lead for computer network defense, with an understanding of the lifecycle of the network threats, attack vectors, and network vulnerability exploitation.
Quickly identified an outage and provided resolution reduce the risk of future incidents.
Created an incidence and management response plan to mitigate interruptions in broadcast services both domestically and internationally for over 2,000 customers.
lead for crisis management support and help coordinate incident response, assisting with event escalation and emergency communications to site, regional, and enterprise-level leadership.
Implemented and supported operating procedures and best practices to drive business goals and objectives
Participate in training and exercises to ensure team proficiency, compliance, conducting after action reviews to identify lessons learned and best practices
Supported the team with Cyber Defense\Network Assurance issues
Overseen all network defense operations be familiar with the operations process flow and execution
Maintained awareness of all pertinent directives, orders, alerts, and messages, prepare and deliver daily situational awareness and operational update briefings
Conducted risk assessments which could impact potential communications and provided a detailed report outlining the risks.
Conducted bridge calls between myself, Verizon engineers, domestic staff, or overseas staff to resolve outages or other network problems.
Reported root cause analysis, reason for outages, and managed progress of each stage of development to resolve issues
Researched policy, guidance: and background information for the purpose of understanding the cyber posture, in order to assist in the development of a comprehensive objectives.
Completed risk assessments with other team members and determined risks to the network.
Mar2009 – May2017, ManTech International, McLean, Virginia
Computer Security Auditing Specialist
More than 5 years of cyber security auditing experience for private sector.
Planned, led, and executed several audits in accordance with Generally Accepted Government Auditing Standards (GAO Yellow Book).
Demonstrated ability to multitask, concurrently worked on multiple cyber security audits and provided assistance to other IT audit teams.
Demonstrated effective communication and interpersonal skills during interactions with internal management, cyber audit and cyber security audit team to develop and carry out audit functions.
Briefed audit findings to internal and external senior managements, audit, and other stakeholders.
Experienced in training other cyber security junior auditors’ work by reviewing working papers and supporting documentation to ensure compliance with audit quality standards and ensuring that cyber audit work directly address audit objectives.
Demonstrated superior critical thinking and problem-solving skills by being a proactive team player that has consistently been dedicated, highly analytical and reliable.
Demonstrated proficiency in use of Microsoft Office products, and strong analytical skills.
Experienced in database analysis and manipulation using Excel and Access software, and experienced in organizing, analyzing and selecting audit samples.
Dec2004 – Mar2009, Information Management Group, Fort Belvoir, Virginia
Cyber Security Specialist
Analyzed incidents and events captured in case management database for trends, patterns, or actionable information
Conducted bridge calls between myself, Verizon engineers, domestic staff, or overseas staff to resolve outages or other network problems
Capture root cause analysis, reason for outages, and managed progress of each stage of development to resolve issues
Maintained incident case management database for all reported incidents both domestically and overseas
Imaged laptops and desktops.
Investigated and troubleshoot issues
Repaired and recovered from hardware or software failures
Conducted Web Page Design using HTML, Graphic Elements, and JAVA Script
Managed technical issues, risks, and priorities while performing risk assessments and implementing risk mitigation.

Jun2000 – Dec 2004, Tek Systems, Washington, DC - Remote
Information Security System Officer (ISSO)
Worked with cross functional partners to identify root cause of issues.
Repaired and recovered from hardware or software failures.
Worked with the team to define and implement improvements to the processes within our network.
Managed the overall accountability for developing security profiles, identifying security concerns, and developing priorities for upgrades.
Performed information security risk assessments and assist with the internal auditing of information security processes.
Assessed threats, risks, and vulnerabilities from emerging security issues and also identified mitigation requirements
Tested, assessed, and documented security control effectiveness.
Managed firewall and other security controls to mitigate and reduce vulnerabilities.
Collected evidence, interview personnel, and examine records to evaluate the effectiveness of controls.

May1996 – Nov 2000, Insight Global, Hyattsville, MD -Remote
Cyber Security Quality Assurance Specialist
Participated in capacity planning and monitoring.
Implemented hardware and software lifecycle management and support of the network security infrastructure.
Worked with internal product owners and third-party vendors to resolve issues.
Participated in root cause analysis reviews.
Applied advanced user of intrusion-detection, vulnerability-scanning, Web gateway, proxy appliances and antivirus tools.
Implemented IT solutions system for hardware inventory control and software licensing recording to improve IT efficiency and response times.
Provided firsthand configuration, management, and maintenance of enterprise-wide software and hardware systems technical support of over 200 end-users.
Education:
Pau Laurence Dunbar Senior High School - Graduated May 2000
Everest College - Graduated January 2012
Associate in Science in Criminal Justice

University of Maryland Eastern Shore - Graduated December 2015
Bachelor of Science and Mathematics
Interests:

Certifications:

Computers, Reading, Sports.
(1)Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA)
(2)CompTIA Advanced Security Practitioner (CASP+)
References:
Available Upon Request
Contact this candidate