Alford J Williams, Jr
*** ******** ******* **.
Waxahachie, TX 75167
ad6l9u@r.postjobfree.com
210-***-****

Career Objective: Accomplished cybersecurity professional with 10 years of experience in overcoming external and internal security threats. Looking to provide product research, analysis, and implementation of new tools and resources to adequately respond to and evolve with emerging cyber technologies. Able to collaborate security policy and controls across the enterprise while minimizing business impacts.

Work Experience

International Bank of Commerce (IBC)
May 2014 to Present
Information Systems Security Analyst/Engineer/Physical Security:
Completed the bank’s Security Self-assessments Cyber Risk Institute (CRI) assessment (189 controls – 9 departments), Federal Financial Institution Examining Council (FFIEC), and the Financial Services Sector Coordinating Council (FSSC) Profile, the Conference of State Bank Supervisors (CSBS) Ransome Ware Self-assessment (RSAT), and the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) Assessment receiving a one rating.
Developed a Security Technical Implementation Guide (STIG) (Windows and non-Windows) using National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) controls to document System security plans (SSP) and risk assessments for the bank’s Sarbanes-Oxley Act (SOX) systems, and Disaster Recovery (DR) critical systems for the cyber risk input into the bank’s enterprise risk.
Documented a Third Party (Supply Chain) Risk Assessment process for comprehensive and abridged risk assessments for (Service Organization Control Type 2 and Standard Information Gathering Questionnaire (SIG).
Injected security standards and controls into project planning, implementation, and the change management process resulting security compliance.
Provided management response for internal audits using the SMART (specific, measurable, achievable, relevant, and time-bound) model.
Administered the bank’s File Integrity Monitoring system applying rules and reports monitoring the bank’s core system and its root password changes that supported the bank’s risk policies and risk appetite.
Endpoint Security Administrator, managed antivirus signatures keeping them updated on all workstations and servers, while resolving deployment issues, data loss prevention (DLP) implementation, and conducted System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM) asset audits for less than 10% difference.
Tracked to resolution risks and vulnerabilities identified from vulnerability scanners, Static application security testing (SAST) and Dynamic application security testing (DAST), and Penetration testing (internal and external) including managing exceptions and acceptances.
Reduced bank risk by tracking mobile device management’s implementation of Full Disk Encryption for all the bank’s mobile devices.
Piloted threat hunting procedure development for the different Security Information Event Management (SIEM) systems.
Applied Security policy and security program that aligns with the Risk management (policy and appetite).
Designed and coordinated phishing campaigns, developed a mobile device security awareness training with 100% completion for all employees with mobile devices, a software security course for the bank’s developers and security team, and an IT Professional course for IT Engineers and the security team with an 80% completion rate.
Coordinated the physical security for two buildings with an embedded datacenter which included: internal and external camera placement, badging and access management procedures and reviews, Fire and Burglar Alarm monitoring and procedures, Fire Suppression System Upgrade and testing.
Employee of the Month: September 2019

CSC
August 2012 to May 2014
Network Engineer:
Conduct real time network security monitoring and intrusion detection system maintenance using the AF's selected IDS/IPS tools and activities related to the 33rd NWS mission execution.
Maintained and troubleshoot both Unix and Windows based intrusion detection systems (IDS) and intrusion prevention systems (IPS).
Maintained network infrastructure and communications stack.
Conducted McAfee updates on all systems.
Managed active directory users and accounts.
Due to system placement, conducted troubleshooting with the use of remote tools such as remote desktop, MRV over the LAN and WAN, KVM over IP, and Secure Shell (SSH) through the PuTTY tool.
Conducted telephonic troubleshooting with locations around the world.
Conducted several base level major upgrades without any incidents.
Conducted all maintenance upgrades within the allotted Authorized Service Interruption (ASI) window.
Trained program interns.

United States Army - Fort Sam Houston, TX
May 2009 to March 2012
Information Technology Manager/Operations Chief/Network Operations Center Officer:
Managed current operations for a strategic signal brigade with the mission of monitoring, securing, and defending the LAND War Network enterprise of the Western region of the Continental United States which consisted of 31 Network Enterprise Center (NEC) networks and two Army Processing Centers, monitoring both unclassified/classified Defense Information System Network (DISN) circuits.
Refined and established the tactics, techniques, and standard operating procedures for a new signal brigade.
Formulated a suspense ledger for generating and tracking operational directives, memorandums of instructions, and suspense tasking directives were tracked to completion.
Summarized all daily and weekly reports for corporate updates which synchronized management on critical operational issues.
Established a brigade level Board of Directors.
Developed and wrote a brigade level Command Inspection Program with checklists for subordinate organizations and staff elements which higher headquarters adopted as a corporate standard.
Oversaw the coordination of technical, professional, and personal development classes for staff members leveraging free training opportunities from the Army and commercial vendors.
Assigned duties, responsibilities, and monitored the actions of thirteen team members.
As Network Operations Center Watch Officer, coordinated commercial and other DISN agencies to troubleshoot degraded circuits.
Conducted Authorized Service Interruption (ASI) impact analysis across the brigade as part of the ASI approval process to minimize customer impact to facilitate implementing ASI’s during non-peak /low bandwidth utilization times.
Facilitated weekly assistance request (AR) reviews to validate requests and resources which led to timely AR resolution.
Monitored Remedy Ticketing system to remediate network issues in a timely manner.
Documented and reported on the brigade's DISA Host Based Security System (HBSS) implementation and fielding status.
Created an operations plan which allowed the brigade to successfully assume control of all Army NECs during Hurricane Irene.
Assigned duties, responsibilities, and monitored the actions of ten team members.

United States Army
May 2003 to May 2009 Korea and Fort Hood
Information System Director:
Oversaw the suite of Standard Army Management Information Systems (STAMIS) and Logistics Automation systems (maintenance systems, supply systems, retail systems, ammunition systems, property systems, movement tracking systems, and limited medical systems) at the sustainment brigade, division, Corps, and theater level.
Ensured all system versions were current and enforced the installation, configuration, and Microsoft updates as appropriate for all software and hardware.
Optimized system functionality, diagnosed and recovered failed systems, installed and configured commercial-off-the-shelf applications as well as software/hardware enhancements all of which maximized customer satisfaction.
Established and documented systems configuration for a garrison/installation STAMIS architecture (connecting STAMIS/Log Auto systems to the installation network under a STAMIS Organizational Unit) and a tactical STAMIS architecture (utilizing a very small aperture terminal (satellite ground terminal) to establish network connectivity anywhere in the world for deployments).
Coordinated and formulated reporting fielding of the Standard Army Maintenance System -Enhanced (SAMS-E), as well as the Unit Supply Enhanced (USE) system without any data loss.
Managed the actions of ten team members while training six automation teams to troubleshoot and repair software and hardware problems.
Taji, Iraq (Baghdad-North) (Combat Deployment) October 2005 to October 2006: Optimized the operations of seven supply support activity (SSA’s) across Baghdad by installing Portable Data Collection Device's enabling rapid processing of supplies into the Standard Army Retail Supply System minimizing processing time by70% for every shipment, improved the accuracy of in-transit visibility of supplies by fielding the SSA with radio frequency identification capabilities, managed a call center providing free telephone calls, internet, and video teleconferences for deployed Soldiers to call loved ones. Supervised the actions of a fourteen Soldier section and five contractors.
Camp Arifjan, Kuwait (Deployment) February 2008 to May 2009:
Managed two $1M government contracts (Army's battle command sustainment support system (BCS3) for area supply visibility and SAMS-E software support for theater and area direct support (DS)/general support (GS) level maintenance).
Transformed military logistical problems into contractor tasks, and ensured all tasks supported combat/warfighting actions and were tracked to completion.
Supervised the actions of seven contractors and a ten Soldier section which included a remote combat configuration site.
United States Forces Korea March 2003 to March 2004:
Planned, coordinated, and wrote policy for a theater wide system hardware and software package upgrade with incremental changes.
Authored and updated the logistical automation plan for Korean Theater Strategic Operations.
Formulated procedures to requisition and fill common supply items between the different service branches and systems in theater.
Automated an ammunition database to facilitate theater ammunition decision making for senior management. Optimized a $1.8M government contract without fault.
Conducted a functional review of the local STAMIS sustainment training for college credits upon the successful completion of training through the American Council of Education. Assisted in the Standard Army Ammunition System Module (SAAS-Mod) radio frequency identification (RFID) hardware and software fielding allowing ammunition depots to read and write RFID tags.
Facilitated the STAMIS system network certification and wrote the technical procedures for organizational use on the Korean Wide Area Network.

United States Army - Fort Sill, OK
July 1999 to May 2001
Information System Manager / Requirements Engineer:
Captured and documented program, system, and war-fighter requirements for the Advanced Field Artillery Tactical Data System (AFATDS).
Implemented requirements at the appropriate time within resources to best support the warfighter. Oversaw the AFATDS interface with the U.S. Navy's Naval Fire Control System (NFCS) system.
Organized the interoperability of AFATDS with the Air Force's Theater Battle Management Core System (TBMCS).
Co-authored the Test and Evaluation Master Plan (TEMP).
Led the successful capability integration of two fire direction (FD) systems into AFATDS reducing Army inventory. Implemented the targeting input for the Joint Targeting Toolbox (JTT) development.
Facilitated actions with both the Product Manager and Raytheon (primary contractor) to ensure government contract compliance.
Informed the Army Battle Command System (ABCS) Project Managers, users, and the Field Artillery community on AFATDS capabilities through different Communication avenues (briefings and written articles). (Published articles: (Air Support Functionality) https://tradocfcoeccafcoepfwprod.blob.core.usgovcloudapi.net/fires-bulletin-archive/2002/MAR_APR_2002/MAR_APR_2002_FULL_EDITION.pdf
(Technical Fire Direction) https://tradocfcoeccafcoepfwprod.blob.core.usgovcloudapi.net/fires-bulletin-archive/2001/MAY_JUN_2001/MAY_JUN_2001_FULL_EDITION.pdf

United States Army (Raytheon) - Fort Wayne, IN
July 1998 to July 1999
Information Technology Specialist:
Army Training With Industry (TWI) program participant at Raytheon. Investigated data packet (message) size reduction to reduce bandwidth. Provided feedback in the Army's ABCS efforts to equip Artillery units with the appropriate communications system for the First Digitized Force System Architecture. Tested various AFATDS versions as a tester. Learned the AFATDS basic communications and operations for field environments.
Education

Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering
Tuskegee University - Tuskegee, AL
U.S. Army Systems Automation Course

Certification
Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) (Renewing)
CompTIA Security+ (Renewing)
Professional Memberships
Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE)
Open Worldwide Application Security Project (OWASP)
Personal
Citizenship: US
Security Clearance: TS/SCI (Inactive)
Job Type: Permanent Work Schedule: Full-Time
Registered with the Selective Service
Veteran’s Preference: ten points
Desired Location: Dallas (DFW), TX
Available Now
Contact this candidate