Louis A. Errante
**** ********** ** 540-***-**** Cell
Bremo Bluff, VA 23022
ad6o80@r.postjobfree.com E-Mail

SECURITY CLEARANCE
Held a Top Secret/CI Poly with over 26 years of Military Intelligence experience. DoD EDI PN: 102*******

EXPERIENCE
Instructor/Writer TPGS NGA/Ft Belvoir 2018 Jun – 2019 Aug
Teach Introduction to GEOINT (G3) Course at the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA). Instruct over 160 students / over 500 hours of curriculum covering sensor mechanics, the Electromagnetic Spectrum, Remoteview, and ArcGIS. Updated and maintained coursework to sustain relevant course material. Coordinated and scheduled adjunct instructors. Assist other instructors at alternate training location as needed.

Intelligence Analyst US Army Ft Belvoir, VA 2016 Aug – 2018 Jun
Support the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) as a member of Detachment 1, 3300th Strategic Intelligence Group (SIG). Support the 185 man unit as the Training NCO ensuring that the members get the needed schools to perform the unit’s mission. Ensure that members get all orders in a timely matter, which includes short and long term military orders. Backup as the Security Manager for the unit, ensuring that all Periodic Reinvestigations (PR) are completed in a timely manner as well as assist with personnel needing there initial government clearances.

Intelligence Analyst US Army Ft Belvoir, VA 2014 Jul – 2016 Aug
Serves as the G-3/3 Current Operations (CUOPs) NCOIC for the Military Intelligence Readiness Command (MIRC), managing requirements of the Operations Division, responsible for the assignment, tracking, and completion of taskings received from USARC and the MIRC Commanding General, manages reporting requirements including Situation Reports, Serious Incident Reports, and Commander’s Critical Intelligence Requirements for 7 Major Subordinate Commands (MSC) with 12 Battalions and 62 Strategic Detachments. Monitors staff completion of taskings and receipt of OPORDs, manages Operations Briefings, meetings, and products.

Intelligence Analyst US Army Ft Sheridan, IL 2012 Jun – 2014 Jul
Support the U.S. European Command's Joint Analysis Center (JAC) via the NCARISC at Fort Sheridan, IL as a member of EUCOM JAC Detachment 2 ARE. Aiding in their ability process, analyze and consolidate data to produce fused intelligence information focusing on an area of responsibility consisting of more than 77 countries across Europe, Africa and the Middle East. Support mission planning and operations by U.S., Allied and NATO commanders during peace, crisis and war. Military commanders and decision-makers at all levels rely on data produced at the JAC. Major recent operations include monitoring events in the former Yugoslavia, Rwanda, and Northern Iraq.

Intelligence Analyst US Army Ft Belvoir, VA 2009 Jul - 2012 Jun
Support the J2 at the Pentagon as a member of the Joint Reserve Intelligence Unit (JRIU) as a member of Detachment 2, 3200th Strategic Intelligence Group (SIG). Support to several National Level Exercises (NLE) at the Pentagon. Ability to conduct and supervise Intelligence Preparation of the Battlefield (IPB) in support of the Analysis Control Element (ACE). Support to Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance (ISR) operations.

Imagery Analyst US Army Ft. Gordon, GA 2007 Apr - 2009 Jul
Support the 513th MI as a member of A Company 345th Military Intelligence Theater Support Battalion (TSB). Support to Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance (ISR) operations. National Imagery Interpretation Rating Scale (NIIRS) certified.

Imagery Analyst US Army Ft. Lewis, WA 2006 May - 2007 Mar
Support of the entire Central Command (CENTCOM) Area of Responsibility (AOR) through the production of two types of products: Supplemental Imagery Reports (SUPIR) and images to support Joint Expeditionary Support Packages (JESP). Current production requirements are 10-15 SUPIR's with associated images per month and 15-20 sites (2 images each) per month to support JESP's. The teams over 500 imagery products created using software and websites (i.e. RemoteView, Gemini, Raster Roam, and IESS), and commercial websites to support the decision making process.

Web Developer/Maintainer Self Employed 2002 Sep - Present
Responsible for the developing and current maintenance of several web pages for area families and small businesses in Oregon.

Web Developer Anteon ISD RAF Molesworth, UK 1999 Dec - 2002 Sep
Webmaster / Developer responsible for carrying out daily, weekly and monthly content updates to the LOCE Homepage. Insures uninterrupted access to the LOCE Homepage and linked sites by continuously monitoring the status of Web links and the accuracy of HTML. Responsible for monitoring the Web contents for timeliness, efficiency, relevancy, accuracy, and veracity. Marking up documents and files for posting to the local homepage as well as working with distant Webmasters to insure compatibility across remote networks. Webpage Designer using my knowledge of Dreamweaver and Microsoft Front Page to develop new material in HTML format for the Linked Operations-Intelligence Centers Europe (LOCE) Computer System.

Training Specialist Anteon ISD RAF Molesworth, UK 1994 Mar - 2000 Dec
Training Specialist for the HQ US European Command Linked Operations-Intelligence Centers Europe (LOCE) system and network serving the intelligence and information needs of 2700 users located throughout 18 countries. Training responsibilities include:

Develop training documentation in HTML format for hosting on the LOCE Web.
Conduct formal training on the LOCE system for operations and intelligence personnel. Instruct users on the application of advanced computer systems as a means to improve military intelligence, war planning, and command and control. Training includes, Hardware functionality, Software applications, System database procedures, query construction, and data entry, Geographic Information System (GIS) application to database queries, Imagery production, storage, retrieval, and dissemination, and System application techniques for intelligence support, plans, and military operations.
Test and evaluate pre-release (BETA) software developments and identify functionality shortfalls.
Participate as a subject matter expert in the Independent Verification and Validation (IV&V) phase of software integration.
Apply user criteria against new software and assist in the drafting of the Software Test Plan (STP).
Apply problem analysis and problem-solving techniques to develop recommendations and solutions to identified shortfalls.
Conduct Government Acceptance Testing (GAT) on behalf of HQ USEUCOM for all new software releases. Provide inputs for final acceptance reports.

Imagery Analyst US Army Various Locations 1981 Jan – 1994 Jan
Assignments: Washington DC, Intelligence Threat Analysis Center (ITAC) during Desert Shield and Storm, Korea, 501st MI, Honduras/Panama, MI(LI), Shaw AFB, Det 1 17th MI, Stuttgart GM, 7th Corps HQ CM&D Shop, Ft. Campbell, 311th MI, Ft. Huachuca, AIT

EDUCATION, TRAINING, AND TECHNICAL SKILLS
Additional Duties: Training NCO/ATRRS - DTMS - RLAS, UPL, Security Manager, CIF ISM/KYLOC (Supply), TAMIS/PBUSE, AFMIS, VAO, SHARP
CNO/CAO, ASIST and SHARP Trained
1999-2012 Designed, Monitored webpage for the new user materials.
Dreamweaver Ultradev and Fireworks and HTML - Microsoft Front Page
2009 Security Managers Course, Ft McCoy, WI - Unit Additional Duty
2009 Intelligence Analyst 35F/96B Course, Ft Huachuca, AZ.
2008 Basic Non-Commissioned Officers Course (BNCOC) Phase I/II Imagery Analyst 35G, Active Duty School, Ft Huachuca, AZ.
2007 Company Trainers Course (CTC), Ft McCoy, WI
1985 Warrior Leadership Course (WLC), Ft Bragg, NC.
1984 Advanced Imagery Interpretation Course, Germany.
1981 Basic Imagery Analyst 35G/96D Course, Ft Huachuca, AZ.
SIDS Operator/Administrator and DITS Operator
GSM Operator for JSTARS
Contact this candidate