Emine Ulu
Cyber Security Analyst C EH / Security+

Contact: ad6pq1@r.postjobfree.com 520-***-**** linkedin.com/in/emine-ulu-823bbb183
Location: Dallas Metropolitan Area, TX

Objective: Highly passionate about the ever-evolving field of cybersecurity, with a relentless commitment to continuous learning and professional growth. Proven hands-on expertise in proficiently monitoring and meticulously analyzing potential and active threats, utilizing cutting-edge security tools and methodologies. Eagerly seeking opportunities as a Cybersecurity Analyst or in Threat Hunting, to contribute my skills and knowledge in safeguarding organizations against digital threats and ensuring a resilient and secure digital landscape.

TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES

Tools & Security skills: Kibana, Elastic Seacrh, Splunk and IBM's Security QRadar SIEM, Crowde Strike, Fireeye HX EDR, AnyRun, VirusTotal,IDS/IPS, Firewall, Nmap, Nessus, Metasploit Framework, Kali Linux, Wireshark, OWASP-Zap, Burp Suite, SE toolkit, whois, Phishing Analysis, Threat Analysis, OWASP 10.
Operating Systems: Windows Server 2012, Linux, Windows 7,8,10, IOS, VMware, Windows 10 Administration.
Security Frameworks/Compliance: Cyber Kill Chain Framework, Mitre-ATT&CK, D3fend, HIPAA, PCI-DSS, NIST-800, FISSA,Security best practice guidelines, ISO 27002/3, Compliance requirements, SOX, CIS(Center for Internet Security) Software Python (In progress)

SOFT SKILLS:

● Team Management
● Team Player
● Problem Solving
●Time management
●Multitasking

Security Operations Center Analyst, Bulletproof (Stevenage, UK) 2021-2023

● Led incident response efforts, contributing to the reduction in average incident resolution time by effectively participating in the Computer Incident Response Team (CIRT).
● Conducted log analysis on SIEM solutions (Kibana), resulting in the identification of critical security incidents and providing technical teams with actionable recommendations through Resilient ticketing systems.
●Demonstrated exceptional client handling skills, maintaining a high customer satisfaction rate as the first point of contact via ticketing system resolving of client issues within the agreed SLA.
● Streamlined alert remediation processes, reducing response time by 30% through swift and decisive action on critical security incidents.
● Successfully thwarted cyber threats by actively utilizing Kibana detecting and neutralizing malicious activities in real-time, preventing potential data breaches.
● Conducted root cause analysis for security incidents, resulting in the implementation of preventive measures that reduced recurring problems.
● Analyzed and neutralized malware attacks, minimizing the impact on systems and data, while actively adhering to the D3fend Framework during incident handling.
● Leveraged open-source intelligence source tools (OSINT) to perform IP and domain reputation checks, preventing potential threats and malicious activities with accuracy rate.
● Demonstrated strong written communication skills by consistently delivering clear and concise incident reports, facilitating effective collaboration among cross-functional teams.
● Exhibited an in-depth understanding of TCP/IP, DNS, SMTP, DHCP, NTP, SMB, SNMP, and IOS Layers, enabling efficient troubleshooting and network optimization.

Information Security Analyst Intern, CyberNow Labs (Sterling, VA) 2019 - 2021

●Successfully completed the Cybersecurity Bootcamp and Appreciantip, demonstrating commitment to continuous learning and professional development in the cybersecurity field. ● Effectively followed the National Institutes of Technology (NIST-800) framework for incident handling, resulting in the reduction in incident response time and minimizing the impact of security incidents
● Troubleshoot and resolve network issues, ensuring a stable and secure network environment for the organization's operations.
● Monitored endpoint users' activities via an EDR tool, detecting and mitigating 15 potential insider threats, safeguarding sensitive data and intellectual property.
● Proactively monitored network traffic using SIEM tools (Splunk and IBM QRadar), identifying 30+ indicators of compromise and providing timely and accurate recommendations to the technical teams via the ticketing system, preventing data breaches and cyberattacks.
● Studied and executed cyber-attacks using Kali Linux, gaining insights into potential attack vectors, which led to the implementation of enhanced security measures, reducing the risk of successful cyber intrusions.
● Analyzed and interpreted network PCAP data using Wireshark, uncovering critical security vulnerabilities and providing actionable recommendations for network hardening, resulting in the improvement in network security.
● Conducted comprehensive vulnerability assessments using Nmap (port knocking) and Tenable Nessus, identifying and remediating 50+ security vulnerabilities, fortifying the organization's systems against potential threats.

Computer Science Teaching Assistant,
Amphitheater Public Schools (Tucson, AZ) 2018-2019

●Mentored and guided the students on technology solutions and provided training. ●Conducted classroom training to individuals with disabilities and disadvantaged conditions. ●Prepared data reports, and identified and documented areas for process improvements. ●Working knowledge of relevant operating systems such as Windows and Linux, software, and programming.

Computer Science Teaching Assistant,
Paragon Science Academy, (Phoenix, AZ) 2017-2018

●Advised and assisted students in trouble-shooting computer-related issues.
●Conducted IT projects to support curriculums and programs.
● Prepared data reports.
● Improved the weak areas for process accomplishment. Use a computer lab to review mathematical concepts, and compile real-time data for projects.

EDUCATION
Istanbul Arel University, (Istanbul, Turkey) MS in Media and Cultural Studies.
Marmara University, (Istanbul, Turkey), BS in Communication and Radio TV

TRAINING AND CERTIFICATIONS

• Certified Ethical Hacker (C EH)
• CompTIA Security+
• AWS Certified Solution Architect by Linkedin
• AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner Cloud Concept and Security Cert Prep by Linkedin
• Cyber Security Analyst Professional Certificate by IBM
• Cyber Threat Intelligence by IBM • Cisco Threat Hunting Workshop Training
• Network Security & Database Vulnerabilities and Penetration Testing by IBM
• Cybersecurity Compliance Framework & System Administration by IBM
• Splunk 7.x Fundamentals Part 1, Infrastructure Overview by Splunk
• Cybersecurity Roles,Processes&Operating System Security by IBM
• Penetration Testing, Incident Responce and Forensics by IBM
• Cybersecurity Compliance Framework & System Administration by IBM
Contact this candidate