Joseph Garcia
Information Security Analyst
ad6qis@r.postjobfree.com • 615-***-****
LinkedIn • Arnold, MO, 63010
Analytical Cybersecurity Engineer with hands-on experience identifying, investigating, and responding to information security alerts to safeguarding sensitive data and mitigate cyber threats. Adept at identifying vulnerabilities, conducting risk assessments, and implementing security solutions to protect critical systems and networks. Proficient in searching through data sets to detect threats and anomalies, administering metrics to maintain security processes and controls, as well as implementing robust security measures to safeguard sensitive information. Experience utilizing Excel macros and formulas to streamline data analysis and enhance workflow efficiency. Excellent communication (both written and verbal), collaboration, problem-solving skills, and a commitment to building relationships with stakeholders on security-related matters. Career Experience
Citizens, Remote Jan 2022 – Present
Cybersecurity Engineer
Identify and address vulnerabilities using Qualys, collaborating with business stakeholders for risk mitigation. Create cybersecurity policies and procedures as per industry standards with cross-functional teams. Develop security metrics and conduct technical analysis to provide insights into performance and trends. Translate cybersecurity concepts into layman's terms for clear communication as a liaison between technical teams and executive leadership. Optimize record management coordination with annual updates, ensuring compliance and data integrity. Draft business continuity plans, disaster recovery plans, and ensure information currency, fostering preparedness and resilience.
Contributed to implementing security tools, covering 70-80% of the environment.
Achieved a 45% increase in coverage and visibility within 8 months by managing Asset Management and Security Agents true-up on a monthly basis.
Executed provisioning User Entitlement Reviews (UER) for internal business applications/processes, ensuring appropriate access controls and security measures.
LKQ, Nashville, TN Aug 2021 – Dec 2021
Security Remediation Intern
Coordinated the mitigation of threats across North American assets, ensuring proactive cybersecurity measures. Gained exposure to various new techniques and tools such as PowerShell scripts, Command line, Dameware, SCCM, and Active Directory, while deep diving into Windows infrastructure and troubleshooting Windows updates.
Opened and closed 10,000+ Service Now tickets related to patching within the North American district of the company, leveraging SCCM and CrowdStrike technologies.
Decreased attack surface of environments by 30% through the elimination of vulnerabilities using Crowdstrike. Additional Experience
Seasonal Geek Squad Agent (Mar 2021 – Dec 2021) Best Buy, Murfreesboro, TN Technical Support Specialist (Jan 2021 – Mar 2021) HP Inc., Rio Rancho, NM Education
Associates in Cybersecurity (2020) Central New Mexico Community College - Rio Rancho, NM Associates in integrated studies with honors (2020) Central New Mexico Community College - Rio Rancho, MN Certifications
CompTIA Security+ (12/2023) • CompTIA Network+ (02/2024) • Tryhackme,.com – Cyber defense certifications (2021) Technical Proficiencies
Experience with PowerShell scripts and Python scripting Security tool implementation and management Excel and word in Microsoft Office
Contact this candidate