Augustine Nkwah
678-***-****
ad6zev@r.postjobfree.com
Address
Waxhaw, NC, 28173
Data Analyst/Cloud Consultant/Security Analyst
Detailed-oriented Data Analyst/cybersecurity professional dedicated to protecting organizations and the people they serve. Highly skilled in all aspects of data analytics, including mining, generation, and visualization. Very committed to transforming data into readable, goal-oriented reports that drive innovation and growth. Knowledgeable about NIST frameworks and able to implement security controls to ensure compliance with international regulations related to data protection. Experience with identifying threats, risks, and vulnerabilities, security hardening, threat modeling, and incident escalation and response. Proficient in the use of Linux command line, SQL, and Python. Strong communication and problem-solving skills. Recently completed the Google Cybersecurity Certificate, a rigorous, skills-based program that covers key cybersecurity knowledge and skills.
Skills:
Technical analysis
Analytical and critical thinking
Security frameworks and controls
RTL
Incident response
Security hardening
Threats, risks, and vulnerabilities
Self-motivated
Written communication
Teamwork and Collaboration
Organization and Time Management
Google Workspace
Linux command line
SQL & Python
SIEM Tools: Splunk and Chronicle
Dependable and
Multitasking abilities
Planning and coordination
Training and development
Data Entry
SAS, SAP, Google Cloud, Microsoft, Azure, AWS
Software
SAS
Enterprise
SAP BW Modeling Tool
Microsoft Azure
Advanced Google Analytics
Google Cloud
Google Cybersecurity
Git
AWS Architecture
Jira
Monday.com
Work History
Google Cybersecurity Certificate Training (Security analyst, SOC analyst, GRC)/Data Analyst 2023-05 - 2023-11
Coursera
Understanding threats, risks, and vulnerability in cyber security
Incidence response
Security frameworks, controls, and design principles
Security hardening
Use of Linux command line in cybersecurity
Use of programming (SQL, Python) in cybersecurity Cloud Consultant/Data Analyst
2021-10 - 2023-05
InvenioLSI, Waltham, MA
Identified and remediated single points of failure and security risks.
Displayed sound understanding of standard networking protocols, virtual networks, and load balancing.
Use of RTL networks to implement data validation and debugging of system applications, transformation, and delivery.
Defined cloud architecture for both hybrid and non-hybrid cloud solutions.
Understanding all possible paths of timing violations and validating performance using STA.
Researched and understood emerging technologies and end-user needs.
Collaborated with development and operations teams to develop practical automation solutions and custom modules.
Provided solution designs to meet system strategies, capabilities, and technologies and to respond to current and future business requirements.
Interfaced directly with customers, stakeholders and end-users regarding capability architectures, requirements use cases and stories to derive, develop and decompose next-cycle updates and specifications.
Partnered closely with technical stakeholders to implement security, operational, compliance and privacy-related controls as part of cloud blueprints.
Offered input for complex documents to support client-ready final versions.
Collaborated with upper management to drive strategy and implement new processes.
Communicated and explained business requirements to team members to understand and implement functional demands.
Analyzed existing systems and databases and recommended enhancements to solve business needs. Business Analyst/Buyer
2019-06 - 2021-07
CAMAS, Douala, Cameroon
Analyzed key aspects of business to evaluate factors driving results and summarized into presentations.
Researched competitors to build report of rising trends in markets.
Delivered analysis of market, sales, and consumer trend impact on long and short-term strategies.
Assigned tasks to associates, staffed projects, and updated involved parties to enhance optimal business flow.
Evaluated trends to understand competitive environments and assess current strategies.
Analyzed open orders, backlog, and sales data to provide sales team with insights.
Executed analysis of risks and identified risk mitigation strategies.
Applied honed problem-solving skills to analyze and resolve issues impacting business operations and goal achievement.
Derived conceptual designs from business objectives to deliver software and applications according to specifications for usability, performance, and functionality.
Identified process inefficiencies through gap analysis and outlined sensible solutions.
Improved business direction by prioritizing customers and implementing changes based on collected feedback. Data Analyst/Payroll Analyst
2015-10 - 2019-05
Belk, Charlotte, NC
Develop, implement, and maintain leading-edge analytics systems, taking complicated problems and building simple frameworks.
Evaluate Internal systems for efficiency, problems, inaccuracies, and develop and maintain protocols for handling, processing, and cleaning data.
Investigated payroll variances and employee claims to resolve discrepancies and balance financial records.
Performed calculations in overtime, vacation, and sick hours to provide accurate data to payroll processing database.
Served as backup for payroll supervisor to process open record requests.
Produced payroll activities documentation and reports to meet corporate guidelines and promote transparency.
Generated paper checks for employees and printed stubs for associates who received direct deposits to complete payroll distribution.
Data Analyst
2013-05 - 2015-07
Cox Automotive, Atlanta, GA
Identified operational efficiency opportunities to support long-term growth plans.
Communicated findings and insights to senior management to establish best practices and guide analysis into action and results.
Discovered root causes of problems and identified appropriate solutions.
Designed, built, and analyzed data and data infrastructure to support business initiatives.
Evaluated methods and made appropriate changes to increase productivity and decrease turnaround time to accomplish desired output.
Analyzed data sets using data technologies and other quantitative and statistical modeling technologies and tools to effectively meet company analysis and reporting requirements.
Performed quality assurance to meet appropriate standards and facilitate improvement of processes.
Analyzed unstructured information to derive key insights. Account Representative/Loan Counselor
2009-10 - 2013-03
TSYS, Duluth, GA
Act as liaison in maintaining quality service to customers and positive company image by resolving customers account inquiries.
Analyzed accounts for delinquencies and other ongoing issues.
Processed client payments and updated accounts.
Contacted customers to assess satisfaction and current needs.
Proposed available products and solutions to meet diverse requirements.
Trained new employees in customer service, money handling and organizing strategies.
Developed and maintained strong working relationships with professionals within assigned territory.
Built relationships with customers and community to promote long term business growth.
Maintain and update customer files to sustain data integrity. Education:
MBA: Data Analytics and Business Intelligence
Broadwell College of Business & Economics - Fayetteville State University Awarded [magna cum laude]
Member of [Phi Sigma Pi National Honor Fraternity] Bachelor of Science: Business Administration
Fayetteville State University - Fayetteville, NC
Honors [magna cum laude]
Contact this candidate