ASHLEY EHLERS

CYBER SECURITY ANALYST
Cyber Security Analyst Senior Deskside IT Administrator SOC Support Senior Technical Customer Support Computer Tech 3
CYBER SECURITY ANALYST
Cyber Analyst and Senior IT Support.

Experience: Cyber Security Analyst proficient in online cyber monitoring, research, planning, and execution. Expertise and results in protecting against both internal and external security threats.
Initiative-taking cyber team member reduced threats by preemptively detecting unidentified threat vectors and applying preventive measures to mitigate security flaws.

Skills: Proficient in MS 365 Suite, active directory domain services, secure network integration, peripheral secure set up, software license purchasing and updates.

Software Applications: Google G-Suite, Google Mobile, Crowdstrike SIEM environment, Elastic, AWS, McAfee SIEM, ServiceNow Ticketing System, Dameware, VPN support, Mobile applications - authenticators.

Certifications:
Sec+ CE, Network +, A+ Technician.
Currently learning emerging technologies, AI and Cloud computing infrastructure.

CONTACT
PHONE:
540-***-****
email:
ad76do@r.postjobfree.com

Reference letters provided upon request.

TECHNICAL/PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Caring for critically ill family member
June 2022- present
Caring for a critically ill family member. Recently resolved and ready to resume my career. During this time also continued with technical certifications and studies with emerging technologies (AI and Cloud technologies). Obtained CompTIA SEC + CE certification 2024.

ECS Federal Technology, Cyber Security Analyst/Fairfax, Virginia
February 2020 to June 2022
Hired as a key member of the SOC team to build the protocols and processes. Managed a high volume of customer responses in a demanding environment. Reputation for identifying anomalies quickly and escalating to mitigate damage and liability during security breaches. Conducted security audits to identify vulnerabilities. Monitored computer virus reports to determine when to update virus protection systems.
Authored security reports for outage resolution and prevention. Provided communications for cyber threats and monitoring of false positives to reduce noise in SEIM environments.
Created and managed best practice cyber security communications to educate staff against known threats and potential vectors of attack.
Achieved certifications for all new SEIM environments used in day-to-day monitoring, including Elastic, McAfee, CrowdStrike, AWS-certified. Practiced in ServiceNow Ticket Systems.

State Of Arizona, Phoenix, AZ Level 2 Deskside Administrator
September 2019 to January 2020
Joined team which had the important mission of providing healthcare and financial support for impoverished communities in Arizona. As a new team member, quickly identified to be the interim leader and was often asked to lead the team in the absence of the manager.
Managed day-to-day deskside response, supporting internal clients. Provided immediate response, communication, and level triage for networking team which included monitoring and reporting to network outages and software server failures.
Maintained remote user workstation support, navigation, Windows updates, software installations, hardware upgrades, windows patches, build compliance testing, and roll out.
Evaluated new software and hardware integration, provided user support of G Suite, Google mobile phone and Google proprietary software, and on-going monitoring of user permissions.

Flex, Inc, Austin, TX. Asset Management Specialist/IT Support
April 2013 to January 2019
Daily Responsibilities: Prompt response to break-fix and incident tickets escalations, using ServiceNow ticketing system and client faced response. In the 100,000,000 square ft. manufacturing facility, we also had to safeguard and protect IPs, as well as maintain ISO standards.
Deployed new machines for manufacturing customers under non-disclosure procedures. Maintained active directory and computer OU assignments for production floor computers and printers. Also supported deployed machines for customers under non-disclosure procedures.
Installed company approved application software (MS OS, Call Pilot, Minitab, DameWare, SQL, Remote support software, proprietary software for manufacturing, security/AV software
Managed secure disposal of all computer hard drives with the following: wiping data on all hard drives with DOD standards per ISO specifications, (used Aleratec multi-bay HD overwrite, copy /duplicator) followed documenting procedure to secure manufacturing customer data sensitivity.

EDUCATION
DeVry University, Westminster, Colorado (GPA 3.7)
Computer Information Systems (Minor in Computer Forensics)

Northern Arizona University, Flagstaff, Arizona
Bachelor of Science in Communications/Advertising/Art History
Certifications
2024: Security + Certified (SYO-701), CySA (SYO-003) in progress-2024
2008: CompTIA Network + (2008), CompTIA A+ Technician (2008),
CompTIA Security+ (2008).
Continual Learning and Industry Specific Interests
iCloud Infrastructure computing and emerging AI Technologies. Pursuing additional certifications for career growth. (CySA+, CCNA, Cloud+).

Volunteer Activities - Fredericksburg Regional Food Bank, Fredericksburg, VA. 2023 – present.
Contact this candidate