Edyth Estes
Security Clearance / ad7evo@r.postjobfree.com / 619-***-**** / Chula Vista, CA 91911
Summary
Accomplished and resourceful person with a reliable work ethic, offering seven years of government contractor experience. Successful in working with Internal and external customers to manage expectations, meet contract requirements, and cultivate productive relationships. Ambitious, capable and consistently acting to guide the team to a thriving environment of success. I currently hold an active secret-level security clearance.
Experience
World Wide Technology - Business Analyst 08/2021 - 10/2023 San Diego, CA
● Coordinated and tracked the change of delivery for over 400 applications on the world’s largest Intranet with 400,000 devices and more than 600,000 users.
● Worked with classified and unclassified networks.
● Created and managed projects in JIRA and the Navy/Marine Corps Intranet (NMCI) HP Service Manager.
● Requested and created accounts for new team members.
● Liaised between Product Owners, Change Management, and Network Communications to evaluate project scope, define milestones, and coordinate deadlines.
● Prioritized needs and delegated assignments to handle 50+ projects simultaneously.
● Implemented procedural updates to correct deficiencies and improve operations.
● Collaborated with cross-functional teams to draft project schedules and plans to increase productivity.
● Maintained project schedules by managing deadlines and adjusting workflow as needed for my dispersed team.
● Assessed, monitored, and reported on progressions to the Government.
● Set deliberate project goals and schedules with owners and team members.
● Collaborated with engineering and operational IA in creating and tracking projects to update all hits in production.
● Worked with engineering and Naval Network Warfare Command (NNWC) on timely deliveries to production.
● Worked to improve internal processes to deliver all weekly software vulnerabilities and monthly patches within contractual timeline while ensuring that deliverables are correct.
Skills
● Team Leadership
● System Administration
● Schedule Management
● Administrative Support
● Team Coordination
● Staff Management
● Communication Skills –
Written and Verbal
● Customer Contact
● Liaise with Managers
● DON Application and
Database Management
System (DADMS) creation
● Data Entry in TFS,
ServiceNow, and HP Service
Manager
● Proficient in Microsoft
products
● Proficient in Agile, Kanban,
and Scrum
Education and
Certifications
06/2008
San Ysidro High School
San Diego, CA
High School Diploma
06/2013
Southwestern College
Chula Vista, CA
Associate of Arts: Criminal
Justice
06/2020
SAFe Certified
● Collaborated with operational IA teams to prepare for the Command Cyber Readiness Inspection (CCRI) decreasing the Vulnerability per Machine (VAP)
● Created and submitted DADMS IDs for all core applications.
● Verified Last Day Allowed (LDA) approvals for all DADMS submissions. Perspecta - Project Coordinator 06/2016 - 08/2021
San Diego, CA
● Liaised between Product Owners, Change Management, and Network Communications to evaluate project scope and define milestones and deadlines.
● Prioritized needs and delegated assignments to handle 50+ projects simultaneously.
● Implemented procedural updates to correct deficiencies and improve operations.
● Collaborated with cross-functional teams to draft project schedules and plans to drive productivity.
● Maintained project schedules by managing deadlines and adjusting workflow as needed for my team of five engineers.
● Assessed, monitored and reported on work progression to the Government.
● Set deliberate project goals and schedules with owners and team members
● Arranged and tracked Optimized Organizational Maintenance Activity (OOMA) deployments for squadrons needing updates.
● Worked to improve internal processes to deliver all weekly software vulnerabilities and monthly patches within our contractual timeline and ensure high quality contract deliverables requirements were met.
California DMV - Field Office Representative 12/2014 - 06/2016 Chula Vista, CA
● Performed daily updates and quality checks for accurate file input and maintained data integrity.
● Collected payments, issued receipts and updated accounts to reflect new balances.
● Enforced the secure management of training materials to ensure confidentiality of the users and to avoid any potential dishonest behavior.
● Ensured compliance of testing policies and procedures through enforcement of operational processes and staff conduct.
● Verified document authenticity to process license application.
● Assembled photographs with printed license information to produce completed documents.
● Verified application data and account information against legal documentation to determine accuracy and integrity.
● Evaluated applications and assessment results to determine eligibility and acceptance.
San Ysidro School District - Instructional Aide 03/2011 - 11/2014 San Ysidro, CA
● Provided classroom support throughout planned instruction and individual lessons.
● Supervised students and maintained security throughout school buildings and on field trips.
● Cleaned and organized classrooms, materials and supplies to support maximum efficiency.
● Prepared bulletin boards, classroom materials and individual student portfolios to support teacher plans.
● Collaborated with teachers to devise and implement developmentally appropriate lessons aligning with the school's philosophy and mission.
Contact this candidate