JWEBSTER MENORWAH
SUMMARY

Mr. JWebster Menorwah is a proven Information Security Analyst with 4 + years of experience and a Master of Science in Cybersecurity.
Monitored security event logs and alerts generated by various security technologies, including SIEM, IDS/IPS, firewalls, and endpoint protection systems.
Leveraged SIEM alerts to proactively monitor and investigate potential security incidents.
Standardized and documented configurations and implementing security features on all enterprise firewalls, perform network mapping,.
Assisted teams of security consultants in understanding PCI DSS needs and offering solutions by directly addressing client inquiries/issues. As a dedicated lifelong learner, I enrolled and graduated from the Maryville University of Saint Louis with a Master of Science in Cybersecurity.
Open to work 100% remote in CST hours.

EDUCATION

Master of Science, Cyber Security, Maryville University of Saint Louis, MO, June 2022
Bachelor of Science, Electronic Technology, Stella Maris Polytechnic, April 2012

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Azure
Bash
DLP
Firewalls
GIT
Jenkins
NIST
Palo Alto
PCI
SIEM
SOX
Splunk
TCP/IP
TerraForm
Threat & Vulnerability Management

TRAINING AND CERTIFICATIONS

Certified Ethical Hacker in progress
AWS Solutions Architect - Associate
CompTIA Security+

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

CorpTech, North Dakota
Network Engineer
June 2023 - Present

Install and/or upgrade all hardware and software on the dates specified in the network contract and purchase agreement.
Designing and implementing Management Groups, Subscriptions, Policies.
Architecting and implementing Azure AD, Identity Provisioning & Lifecycle Management, Users, Service Principals.
Monitoring access restrictions in place to protect data.
Ensuring data encryption standards are up to date and meet or exceed current industry standards.
Designing and implementing Role-based access control, Provisioning/Deprovisioning automation, MFA & and conditional access policies.
Designing and implementing access management automation, logging & monitoring.
Provide ongoing consultation, research, and recommendations to the senior engineer regarding all enhancements or revisions to existing networks.
Provide technical support for customers as required.
Occasionally make sales calls to gather information and provide an on-site inspection.
Attending all vendor-required and network-specific training classes as assigned.
Complete additional duties and projects as assigned.
Implementation of TCP/IP Networking on customers' computers as needed.
Working with Microsoft operating systems, Internet solutions, and other customer-supported software.
Mentor network specialists and assist in tech support at client sites.
Watch for exploits/patches that the systems support.
Complete additional duties and projects as assigned, and all other tasks as requested or required from time to time.

Eretimis Cybersecurity, NY
Cybersecurity Analyst
January 2019 - May 2022

SIEM analysis and support.
Audit and provide logical data access policy and controls.
Standardized and documented configurations and implementing security features on all.
enterprise firewalls, perform network mapping,
Monthly overall risk assessment and analysis report generation for senior management.
Create and publish overall corporate security controls.
Assist with Security documentation necessary for PCI, SOC, and SOX compliance.
Assist in all compliance efforts.
Lead ad hoc teams to investigate any perceived security events and remediation efforts if necessary.
Monitor access restrictions in place to protect data.
Ensure data encryption standards are up to date and meet or exceed current industry standards.
Ensure all security software is up to date and guard against the latest known vulnerabilities.
Document computer security and emergency policies, procedures, and protocols.
Provide employee security awareness training.

GE Renewable Energy-LM Wind Power, ND
Information Security Analyst
January 2019 - May 2022

Monitor security event logs and alerts generated by various security technologies, including SIEM, IDS/IPS, firewalls, and endpoint protection systems.
Conduct initial triage and investigation of security incidents, following established procedures and guidelines.
Escalate and collaborate with Tier 2 and Tier 3 SOC Analysts, Incident Response teams, and the SOC Lead/Program Manager to ensure timely and effective incident response, resolution, and reporting.
Provide first-level analysis of security events, performing data analysis and correlation to identify potential threats and vulnerabilities.
Generate and maintain accurate documentation of security incidents, including incident reports, investigation findings, and remediation actions.
Monitor threat intelligence sources and stay informed about the latest security vulnerabilities, exploits, and attack techniques.
Participate in shift rotations to provide 24/7 coverage of the SOC operations.
Develop and continuously improve SOC processes and workflows to enhance detection and response capabilities and assist in the documentation of SOC processes.
Participate in tabletop exercises and incident response drills to test and validate the effectiveness of SOC procedures.
Contact this candidate