OKORO CYRIL FAVOR
ad7k6e@r.postjobfree.com Phone: 972-***-****

SUMMARY
Dedicated and detail-oriented Cyber Security Analyst with 4 years of experience in identifying, analyzing, and mitigating cyber threats. Adept at using various tools and technologies to examine malicious programs and safeguard organizational data. Equipped with top-notch experience in network and cybersecurity techniques with an extensive IT technical background. Proficient in utilizing various security technologies and adhering to compliance standards to safeguard organizational data. Critical and analytical thinker who addresses client’s security issues quickly and consistently exceeds performance standards.

SKILLS AND TECHNOLOGIES
●Network Communication Protocols: (ICMP, IP, UDP, TCP, ARP, HTTP, HTTPS, SSL, SNMP, POP, SSH, FTP, SCP, SFTP, LAN, WAN, MAN, WLAN etc.)
●Ticketing systems: ServiceNow (SNOW), Jira, Smartsheet, Asana
● MFA, Citrix, VPN, Palo Alto, Access control list
●Endpoint Security & EDR: CrowdStrike, Defender, Trend Micro, Palo Alto
●SIEM Analytics: Splunk & Sentinel
●Email Security: Symantec, Proofpoint, O365
●WAF/DAM: Imperva, Palo Alto
●Cloud Security: Azure- AAD (Entra ID), Azure Sentinel, Cloud App Security, Microsoft Defender, O365 Protection & Security: AWS – Guard duty and Detective
●Framework: ITIL, ISO, HIPAA, PCI DSS, HITRUST, NIST, ISO 27001, ISO 23000
●IAM: OKTA, ADFS & AZURE AD
●Office Tools: MS Office Suite, Google Suite, Salesforce Quip
●Scripting: Python, SQL & JavaScript.

EXPERIENCE

Cyber Security Consultant
Hallmark Security Service February 2021- present

Monitoring the local threat ops channels/SIEM/AV/DLP Policy violation consoles and notifying the client/stakeholders of any suspicious/malicious activity within agreed SLA timelines.
Utilized Security Information and Event Management (SIEM), Intrusion Detection and prevention (IDS / IPS), Data Leakage Prevention (DLP), sniffers, and malware analysis tools to investigate and analyze potential threats.
Utilizing Endpoint Detection and Response tools such as Defender to detect malicious processes and lateral movement in the network.
Analyzing network perimeter data, flow, packet filtering, proxy firewalls, and IPS/IDS to create and implement a concrete plan of action to harden the defensive posture.
Monitoring open source and commercial threat intelligence for IOCs, new vulnerabilities, software weaknesses, and other attacker TTPs
Performing security operations, abuse detection, incident management, reverse engineering, security analysis, and testing.
Investigating security breaches and other cybersecurity incidents
Managing virtual firewalls, access control lists, and network security zones
Quickly acquiring, utilizing, and communicating knowledge on new technologies and solutions, emerging threats, and vulnerabilities to the team and upper management
Conducted security vulnerability and risk assessments using social engineering to identify system liabilities and develop remediation plans and security procedures.
Followed the investigation, tracked, and analyzed advanced persistent threat (APT) groups, cyber threats, and security reporting and open-source intelligence (OSINT).
Recommended security standards to management.
Created and updated security event investigation notes conducted shift change reports on open cases and maintained case data in the Incident Response Management platform.
Captured suspicious emails going to external senders from our internal users whose email was flagged for ethical red flags or certain words configured to be.
Utilized Symantec endpoint tools to determine if embedded links within incoming emails are malicious.
Monitored events daily through SIEM solutions, ensuring timely detection of malicious activities and anomalies.
Coordinated with the incident response team during cybersecurity incidents to mitigate cyber incidents.
Developed comprehensive reports detailing incident findings and provided actionable recommendations to enhance security posture.

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science – Imo State University, Nigeria

PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATIONS
CompTIA Security +
CEH – In progress
Contact this candidate