BINITA MISHRA
Ashburn VA 571-***-**** ad7r77@r.postjobfree.com

CYBERSECURITY ANALYST

Certified Cyber Security Analyst with 3 years in IT and over 10+ years of professional experience in Banking Industry. Experienced working in SOC monitoring, incident repose and security analysis. Good exposure working with latest cyber security tools. Experienced on hands-on projects in monitoring and analysis of potential and active threats using security tools and processes. Great communication and leadership skill.

KEY TECHNICAL SKILLS

Security: Splunk ES Sentinel one CrowdStrike IBM QRadar Nessus Nmap DNS Wireshark Kali Linux VirtualBox Metasploit Burp suite Zap Linux NIST-800 OWASP 10 Phishing Analysis Jira Proof point

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

CyberNow labs (VA), Sterling, VA Sep 2021– Continue
Security Operation Center Analyst
Respond to Cyber Security incidents by collecting, analyzing detailed evidence (log files) and ensures that incidents are recorded and tracked for future review
Monitoring network traffic, working with security events, performing triage analysis using EDR solutions such as Sentinel one and CrowdStrike Falcon to identify the timeline of the incident and affected hosts.
Real time Online log monitoring in SOC Operations Center using different systems like Windows, Linux, Windows Servers, and Web servers.
Working knowledge on IBM resilient and Jira ticketing tools.
Good exposure in Security Analysis and Incident response
Experience on monitoring and analysis of active threats.
Ensures protection of networks, systems, and applications by enforcement of security policies using formal risk assessment and internet threats with the use of SIEM tools.
Understanding of complex Use cases on IBM QRadar and Splunk Enterprice solutions.
Experience in monitoring security systems and analyzing malware events to make sure the applications run constantly without any interruption.
Hands on experience in using various tools like OpManager, Nmap, Tenable Nessus, SOC Radar, Kali Linux and Metasploit.
Review threat pattern and validation of False positive or True Positive security incidents.
Implement and manage Nessus to identify vulnerabilities and track remediation.
Conducted log analysis on Splunk Enterprise and IBM QRadar SIEM solutions.
Monitored and analyzed SIEM alerts through Splunk Enterprise and IBM QRadar.
Provided recommendation to technical teams via IBM Resilient and Jira ticketing systems.
Analyzed Phishing emails, files, domain using OSINT tools such as VirusTotal, IBM X-Force, Central Ops, Abuse IP, URL scan, Hybrid analysis, any run, Joe Sandbox, Whois Lookup, PhishTank and MX Toolbox.
Analyzed PCAP files, diagnose anomaly traffic with Wireshark, examine infected hosts and write IOC on management summary reports.
Experienced working with Sentinel one, CrowdStrike Falcon, OpManager, Burp Suite, ZAP Proxy, Nmap, Tenable, SOC Radar, Kali Linux and Metasploit.
Monitored and analyzed network traffic.
Implemented network and application security policies to prevent corporate data theft.
Investigate security incidents from malicious activities and identified false positives.
Reviewed existing policies to ensure compliance with NIST Risk Framework and documented security events.
Experience cybersecurity framework and compliance standard NIST, ISO, 27000, SOC2

PNC Bank, Herndon, VA March 2015 - May 2021
Personal Banking Customer Service
Personal Banker
Helped customer with identifying the needs, issue and try to resolve it.
Assisted customers in exploring potential options and available services.
Worked with Customer to resolve customers inquiries.
Seek opportunity by referring customers to partners.
Built customer relationship to understand financial needs to provide best solution.
Established great customer relation to keep customer happy and get return business.
Full compliance with company policy and procedures.
Full understanding of Risk management.
Implement risk management.

CERTIFICATIONS

CompTIA Security+ Splunk Core Certified User.

EDUCATION

Bachelors of Arts, B.A
Bhagalpur University, India
Attended Sans Sec 542 Application security and penetration testing class.
Contact this candidate