Ephrem Tekwe
Middletown, OH.
+1-267-***-****
ad88hv@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn
Objective and Professional Experience
A Dedicated and highly skilled Cyber security Analyst with with over 8years of experience in the field of cyber security and Information technology AWS architecture, PC Architecture, Imaging, Break/Fix, Troubleshooting, and Networking. Proven track record in protecting organization from Cyber threats and ensuring the integrity and security of their data. Adept at analyzing, diagnosing, and resolving complex security issues While optimizing system performance. Key skills include :- AWS architecture-incident response-risks assessment –vulnerability management .Network Security seeking to leverage my expertise in a challenging cyber security role to enhance security protocols and safeguard digital assets.
Education
Masters School Professional Studies
Cyber Security.2023-2024
Participated in simulated cyber attack scenarios to develop practical defense skills
Collaborated with peers on group projects to implement comprehensive security solutions
UDEMY
Certificate of Completion: Computer Architecture and Troubleshooting 2022
K21 Academy
Hands on Lab, AWS Amazon web service 2021
LinkedIn
Powerbache Vocational Training
Network Administration 2012-2013
Participated, in setting up some local computer labs in 3 schools,with supervision from my instructor
University of Buea
Bachelor in Computer Engineering 2007-2011
Work Experience Detail
IT Technician SHOE Discount Warehouse - Hamilton, 2019 to June 2020
Installed and configured over 50 computer Hardware, Imaged OS,ensuring optimal performance and reducing downtime by 30%
Implemented data security systems
Conducted routine maintenance checks and repairs on over 100 computer hardware and peripherals, extending equipment lifespan by 25%
Installed, configured and managed software and their functions according
to specifications, improving system efficiency by 15% System Support Analyst, Air Service - Gabon 2015 - 2018
Created and maintained user/service accounts, password and profiles, home directories, initialization of files, group creation management.
Set up configuring and troubleshooting TCP/IP, DHCP, DNS in a multiple LAN.
Generally Maintained Network and Server 2012 system. IT SUPPORT, UGN Monroe
Install configure and troubleshoot software, Microsoft office application, document management
Installation of computer Hardware, Imaging OS, DPS
Repairs, replace, network/video cards, power supply, SSD/HHD, OS.
Perform special tasks or projects in collaboration with other teams.
Create and manage new users on AD and IAM.
Certifications:
o Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) pending o AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Associate
Contact this candidate