ALABA ADEYEMI PMP, Sec+, CISM, CISSP
INFORMATION SECURITY ANALYST
Saskatoon, SK S7W 1C9 306-***-****
ad8b4u@r.postjobfree.com
Hardworking, highly motivated professional with over fifteen years of experience in Cybersecurity, IT, and Project Management. A lifelong learner who can quickly adapt to different processes to achieve the company's objectives. A problem solver and an innovator with demonstrated analytical, communication, and leadership skills.
Work Experience
CYBERSECURITY ANALYST May 2021 - Present
NitoVille Inc. Toronto
● Implement and oversee defensive security strategies to safeguard the organization's information assets.
● Manage multiple projects with documented business requirements, delivered according to the organization's objectives.
● Manage incident response, lead investigations, and implement corrective actions for security incidents.,
● Proficient in vulnerability assessment, internet security, access controls, cloud security, multi- platform administration, radius server operation, and SIEM tools.
● Managed internet security, and implemented multi-platform access controls, cloud security, and radius server authentication.
● Acquired skills in Radius Server for enhanced AAA management and network security.
● Managed the existing security technology stack, including EDR/XDR, EPM, PAM, Email Security, Firewall, Web Filtering, Traffic Inspection, IDS/IPS, vulnerability scanners, and logging agents.
● Conducted security awareness training with various teams.
● Facilitated interdepartmental collaboration for cybersecurity threat mitigation.
● Enhanced network security by 25% through effective threat management implementation.
● Leveraged Strategic Relationships with internal teams to enhance cybersecurity protocols, resulting in a 30% decrease in threat incidents.
● Oversaw the creation and regular updates of system security procedures, thus ensuring to maintained documentation for audits and internal use.
● Experienced in managing DR runbook preparation and execution in a high-availability, mission- critical environment.
● Implemented innovative Technology Solutions to enhance the company's cybersecurity defense system.
● Conducted regular audits and penetration testing to Ensure Compliance with the latest cybersecurity protocols.
● Led the organization's response to data breaches by Cyber Security Standards, minimizing cyber threats and maintaining business continuity.
● Manage and configure various security devices, including firewalls, Intrusion Detection Systems/Intrusion Prevention Systems IDS/IPS, and Virtual Private Networks (VPNs)
● Conduct required business unit audits, including risk and gap assessments.
● Assessed business opportunities to enhance cybersecurity framework with advanced threat detection.
CYBERSECURITY ANALYST Mar 2020 - Apr 2020
Jago International Solution Inc. Brampton
● Ensure all SOP documentation is up to date. Accountable for the accuracy of security technology configuration items and documentation relating to the application or system services.
● Demonstrated high effectiveness in identifying and mitigating potential security threats, resulting in a 30% reduction in breach incidents.
● Conducted regular vulnerability assessments of existing systems to identify potential weaknesses or areas of improvement.
● Worked closely with IT team to enhance Business Application security, reducing potential threats significantly.
● Strengthened organizational resilience by regularly testing and updating our Business Continuity
& Disaster Recovery processes in response to emerging cybersecurity risks.
● Improved incident response rate by 30% through effective Solution Delivery for cyber security issues
● Designed, installed, configured, tested, and maintained security solutions with technical expertise.
● Developed and implemented security policies and procedures to ensure secure access to corporate networks.
● Managed security through collaboration and development of cybersecurity frameworks.
● Formulated robust information security policies for company data protection.
● Created and presented cyber threat briefings which improved the organizational understanding of potential vulnerabilities and risk management.
● Presented on cybersecurity solutions to diverse audiences.
● Maintained web filtering policies to shield company networks from harmful web traffic.
● Provided support in identifying and mitigating network vulnerabilities, enhancing the overall cybersecurity infrastructure.
● Strengthened organizational cybersecurity posture through continuous threat and vulnerability management, reducing potential security breaches.
● Developed and implemented robust information protection protocols, reducing instances of security breaches by 30%.
● Managed and resolved complex security issues concisely and efficiently.
● Used precision in identifying and mitigating potential cybersecurity threats to ensure organizational safety.
NETWORK ANALYST Mar 2010 - Apr 2019
Aviat Networks Inc Lagos
● Provided timely technical support to internal and external customers, resolving hardware and software issues.
● Ensure all SOP documentation is up to date. Accountable for the accuracy of security technology configuration items and documentation relating to the application or system services.
● Delivered remote client support, troubleshooting hardware, network, software, and customer service requests.
● Analyzed customer needs, identified root causes, and implemented solutions for successful issue resolution.
● Configured switches, firewalls, Windows servers, and Linux servers.
● Set up servers with RAID and hardware redundancy for improved performance and increased reliability.
● Implemented identity and access management by defining roles, groups, and users.
● Implemented security measures with high attention to detail, identifying potential vulnerabilities and rectifying them before any system intrusion could occur
● Leveraged Strategic Relationships with internal teams to enhance cybersecurity protocols, resulting in a 30% decrease in threat incidents.
● Displayed effective time management skills in managing various cybersecurity projects.
● Utilized the ability to prioritize during incident response, ensuring swift resolution of critical issues Core Skills
Active Directory, SAP S4HANA, IT Systems, Microsoft 365, Microsoft Azure, Application Security, Awareness Program, Cloud Computing, Conditional Access, External Audit, IT Infrastructure, Risk Analysis, SAML, Security Event Monitoring, Security Governance, Project Budgets, OAuth, Vendor Management, Vendor Performance, Patch Management, IT Systems, Business Technology, Systems Administration, Security Technology, Threat & Vulnerability Management, Research, 4HANA, Project Execution, Internet Security, Cloud Security, Physical Security, Incident Response, MITTRE ATT&CK Framework, SIEM, DLPs, Cyber Kill Chain, Security Incident Management, SOP Documentation, Risk Reduction, Risk Assessment
Education
Heriot-Watt University
MASTER of BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION (MBA)
Obafemi Awolowo University
Bachelor of Science Electrical and Electronic Engineering University of Toronto School of Continues Studies
[Certificate in Cybersecurity Management] [Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC) Certificates
Certified Information Security Manager CISM
[ISACA]
Project Management Professional (PMP)
[PMI]
Certified Information System Security Professional (CISSP)
[ISC]
CompTIA Security +ce
[CompTIA]
Certified AWS Solution Architect Associate
[AWS]
Contact this candidate