Vito G Pontrelli
Boca Raton, Fl, US 949-***-**** ad8eh4@r.postjobfree.com

Accomplished professional with a robust background in enhancing operational efficiency and integrating technological solutions across various sectors. Excel at driving process improvements and refining standard operating procedures to align with customer needs and organizational objectives. Proven track record in successful technology business management and strategic implementations improving team efficiency and adding substantial business value. Bring a strong focus on cross-functional collaboration, fostering continuous improvement and innovation. Leverage expertise in managing foundational services, IT security, and compliance to ensure robust system functionality and user satisfaction.
CORE PROFICIENCIES
Microsoft SharePoint Word Service-Now PowerPoint Splunk Jira Google Documents
Compliance Project Management Cybersecurity Business Continuity Disaster Recovery Firewalls
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
eMedicalPractice, LLC (SaaS) Delray Beach, Florida (Contract)
GRC Compliance Management and Security Analyst Jul 2023 – Current
Drive process improvement initiatives within the Business Operations to enhance security compliance efficiency. Analyze and refine standard operating procedures to better support organizational needs. Assessed current IT assessment processes and identified areas for improvement to align with business objectives. Gather requirements (IMP), collaborate with cross-functional teams to integrate security technological solutions and optimize workflow processes in managing a variety of Hosted Digital Medical Device Products. Create policy, procedure, and working documents at a high level of proficiency.
Selected Accomplishments:
Successfully Performed IT HIPAA, GDPR, CCPA and EHNAC (HITRUST) Re-Certification audits for 2023 (received the certification with a score of 97%)
Achieved significant cost savings of approximately $350K by avoidance of potential penalties/fines.
Risk Management and Security Analyst Jan 2023 – Jun 2023
Managed IT Security Audits review and justify industry standard frameworks with a focus on the understanding of risk management methodologies, frameworks, and principles (e.g., SOC, ISO, SOX, COBIT, NIST, COSO, PCI, FISMA, FedRAMP) to recommend the best approach to mitigate risk with best-in-class controls by conducting audits utilizing Governance, Data Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC) Archers and ServiceNow IRM services. Convert business process requirement to IT Tech, and elements of the Business Continuity and IT Disaster Recovery plans for the organization by utilizing Cybersecurity standards streamlining requirements to three levels of cybersecurity in alignment with NIST.
Selected Accomplishments:
Closed over 85 audit findings, adding an estimated $1M in business value to organization.
Achieved cost savings of approximately $200K over two years by strategically altering compliance model deployed, to workforce.
Business Management- Security Jul 2020 – Dec 2022
Drive process improvement initiatives within the IT department to enhance operational efficiency to align regulatory guidance for preparation of EHNAC Certification. As a Privacy and Security Office (PSO) conducted privacy analyses and wrote IT Assessment reports. Analyze and refine standard operating procedures to better support customer needs. Collaborated with stakeholders from various departments, such as IT, legal, compliance, and operations, to promote awareness of and compliance with cloud and data governance and classification standards.
Selected Accomplishments:
Successfully Performed IT HIPAA, GDPR and EHNAC Certification audits for 2020 (received the certification with a score of 96%).
Achieved significant cost savings of approximately $350K by avoidance of potential penalties/fines.
MCCI/Conviva Medical Group, LLC Miami, Florida (Contract)
IT Risk management – Security Project Manager Sep 2016 – May 2020
Managed cross-functional teams and served as a pivotal contact between internal auditors and remediation units, ensuring compliance and risk management within IT security sector. Utilize Cybersecurity (Data Loss Prevention (DLP), Insider Risk, Security Architecture) streamlining requirements to three levels of cybersecurity in alignment with NIST cybersecurity standards Strategies and frameworks (NIST-800) to justify elements of Business Continuity and IT Disaster Recovery Planning for the company.
Selected Accomplishments:
Closed over 200 audit findings, adding an estimated $8M in business value to organization.
Managed 165 clinical centers collaboration project, delivering compliance guidance per center on time and within scope.
Business Manager Jun 2015 – Aug 2016
Established and maintain collaborative relationships with enterprise business, technology leaders, subject matter experts, and support teams by understanding the business so that we can influence, define, and assist in implementing resiliency strategies for mitigating risk and incorporating them into our day-to-day operations. Conduct thorough analyses of clinical study management and design, medical, or scientific writing, and/or quality risk management.
Selected Accomplishments:
Managed 165 centers in Clinical Evaluation Reporting, providing technical and strategic writing and development of life cycle process.
Compliance Management and Security Analyst – IT Project Management Sep 2014 – May 2015
Managed a compliance plan to assist the organization detect and prevent violations of rules and laws. As a Compliance Privacy and Security Office (PSO) conducted privacy analyses and wrote IT Assessment reports. Developed a comprehensive IT Compliance program, including CMS projects with a budget not to exceed $3M. Coordinated cross-functional teams to ensure project management alignment with strategic objectives and compliance standards for Hosted Digital Medical Devices.
Selected Accomplishments:
Directed successful execution of Compliance Management projects, with budgets of $3M, achieving a completion of $1.9M saving the Company $1.1M.
ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE – 2004 - 2014
Dyadic International Corp, Jupiter, FL, Zucker and Associates, Boca Raton, FL, Peachtree, Boynton Beach, FL
CFO, Forensic and Financial Advisory
McKinsey, New Jersey, NJ, Cross Country, Boca Raton, FL, University of Minnesota, Minnesota, MN,
DANKA Italia, Milano, Italy, Tyco/ADT, Boca Raton, FL, Falconbridge Bonao, DR
HITRUST Accreditation, PCI DSS Compliance, SOX Auditor, Internal Auditor, and IT Auditor
EDUCATION & LANGUAGE
USMC MCAS Study Command – El Toro, CA
7,000 hours in Finance with a Letter of Completion
Language – Italian, Spanish
Contact this candidate