Albert Dadzie
Atlanta, GA ad8h80@r.postjobfree.com ***-662-145
GRC ANALYST
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Result-driven GRC Analyst with 6 years of expertise in network security monitoring and incident response. Proven track record in implementing robust security measures, conducting audits and ensuring, NIIST, PCI-DSS, SOC 2, and ISO 27002 compliance. Key skills include.
Research & GRC Analysis
Incidence response
Risk management
Network security
Regulatory compliance
Analytical thinking
SIEM Utilization
Security policy development
Communication

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
HEALTH PLAN ONE (July 2024-present)
(SOC Analyst)
Leveraging ServiceNow to streamline incident response and enhance cybersecurity operations and safeguarding networks through proactive monitoring and threat mitigation.
Monitor, analyze, and triage security events across Windows, macOS, and Linux environments using SIEM tools integrated with ServiceNow whiles proactively identifying and investigating potential threats and malicious activities involving Firewalls, Office 365, and Azure AD.
Utilizing ServiceNow for incident management, including logging, categorizing, and prioritizing security incidents
Manage high volumes of security tickets, ensuring swift resolution and escalation of critical incidents, reducing response time by 30%.
Prepare comprehensive incident reports and provide actionable recommendations to mitigate vulnerabilities and strengthen system defenses.
Collaborate with IT, network, and application teams to resolve security incidents and implement preventative measures.

THREE 13 IT SOLUTIONS (July 2022-July 2024)
GRC Analyst
Conducting assessment to evaluate the effectiveness of compliance controls identifying gaps and recommending corrective actions to mitigate risks. Actively monitoring live systems for real threat identification and mitigation while promptly responding to incidents.
Conducted audits/security reviews, producing accurate documentation on control failures and gaps, guiding stakeholders on effective remediation processes
Aided staff in executing user access review, handling access management procedures and confirming adherence of systems and networks with SOC2 audit
Utilized Splunk to monitor live systems, proactively identifying and mitigating real-time threats enhancing overall cybersecurity posture
Supported third-party vendor risk assessments (SIG, SOC2, and contract document reviews), onboarding and due diligence processes ensuring vendors have adequate in-place security controls.
Executed various tasks, including researching updated frameworks, cyberthreats and drafting policies and procedures.

BRETHREN OF ATLANTA
Cyber Underwriter (August 2016-2020)
Conducted comprehensive cyber risk assessments for various industries, evaluating potential exposures and recommending appropriate coverage limits and terms.
Utilized advanced analytical tools and methodologies to identify, quantify, and mitigate cyber risks, contributing to the development of tailored insurance solutions
Assess remediation efforts and formulate detailed reports to share insights with executives, while creating and updating security policies, processes, and standards.
Developed and underwrote cyber insurance policies, ensuring alignment with industry standards and client needs
Collaborated with legal and compliance teams to draft clear and enforceable policy language, keeping abreast of emerging cyber threats and regulatory changes
Performed in-depth research to determine and resolve serious discrepancies regarding claims processing issues with the aim of enhancing overall accuracy and customer satisfaction rate.

CENTER OF SCIENTIFIC AND INDUSTRIAL RESEARCH (August 2014-July 2016)
Lab Technologist/Help Desk
Responsible for quality analysis on drinking water and edible fluids. Implementing cybersecurity measures and physical access controls for safeguarding laboratory data.
Contributed to major research on drinking water, resulting in the presidential award in Ghana
Implemented physical access controls and robust backup systems reducing data loss by 20%
Monitored business applications via remote desktop
Organized and completed a cleanup of a six-month ticket backlog for FDA approvals improving operational efficiency
Ensured all supporting artifacts and results were documented appropriately and in a timely manner.
Implemented password resets, security questions, and utilized remote tools for user support

EDUCATION
• Bachelor of Science in Biological Science
Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology – Ghana (Apostilled)
• Cybersecurity Certificate (Security +)
(ISC)2 Certified in Cyber Security
Per Scholas – Atlanta, GA.

CERTIFICATIONS& TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES
Ongoing JAVA Certification Cybersecurity Certification
Proficient in NESSUS, SPLUNK, JAVA, SIEM, NIST, WIRESHARK, SERVICENOW, EXCEL, MS, HTML, CSS, OSNIT, IDS, IPS.
Contact this candidate