Keith A. Rooke
ad8pz3@r.postjobfree.com · 703-***-**** ·
Reston, Virginia
Summary: Analytical and creative problem solver, Extensive analytical, management, and coordination experience. Works well with individuals from diversiﬁed backgrounds and at all levels of management. Superlative written and oral communications skills. Computer literate in Microsoft Oﬃce Suite. Trained, mentored, and advised personnel in analytical tradecraft standards, IC databases, and applications utilized for multidisciplined analytical production. Security Clearance: TS/SCI PR 2022
Education: Campbell University, Bachelor of Science – Psychology 1997 Contractor: 2002-Present
Leidos - Defense Threat Reduction Agency (DTRA) (Jul 2016 - Present) Reston, Virginia Intelligence Integrator - Senior Intelligence Analyst/SME for the People’s Republic of China, Democratic People’s Republic of Korea Network Analysis Team (PDNAT)
● Served as the Senior Intelligence Analyst and Intelligence Integrator stateside and deployments overseas.
● Provided multi-discipline intelligence support to Counterproliferation, Counter Weapons of Mass Destruction, CBRN operations, CIED, and counterterrorism activities, and investments to special operations units and foreign military partners.
● Provided direct all-source intelligence analysis, network development, and target development for various U.S. Department of Defense (DoD), Interagency entities, special operations forces (SOF), and special mission units.
● Supported targeting eﬀorts by analyzing all-source intelligence about insurgent groups, their operational capabilities and supporting tactics in support of operational planning, identifying information gaps, proposing collection requirements, and evaluating intelligence collected.
● Produced and coordinated intelligence products and support packaged for forward deployment SOF elements and Joint Improvised-Threat Defeat Organization (JIDO) to meet operational requirements.
● Lead advisor on Task Force Southeast to train, advise, and assist the Afghanistan National Army (ANA). Mentored and trained ANA on Intelligence Surveillance, Reconnaissance (ISR) and Processing, Exploitation, and Dissemination (PED) lifecycle.
● Lead advisor to the Network Targeting Exploitation Center section of the Ministry of Interior to train, advise, and assist the Afghanistan National Police (ANP). Mentored ANP on intelligence capabilities and techniques including network analysis, analytical and critical thinking, intelligence preparation of the battlefield, predictive analysis, link diagrams, collection management, open- source analysis, and operations security (OPSEC).
BWM Outcomes LLC, Joint Improvised-Threat Defeat Organization (JIDO) (Oct 2015 - Jul 2016) Reston, Virginia Irregular Warfare Analyst - Senior Watch Oﬃcer in support of J2’s coordinating and executing of JIDO’s mission.
● Produced the daily Global Improvised Explosive Device Report prepared to facilitate a greater understanding of the nature and scope of threats and hazards related to 500+ monthly IED events worldwide.
● Monitored all activities of insurgents in Northern Africa and Horn of Africa, which aided in the timely identiﬁcation and development of appropriate actions, priorities, and follow-on measures. CACI International, Afghanistan Remote Operations Cryptologic Center (AROCC) (Oct 2014 - Oct 2015) Bagram, Afghanistan Senior Ground Signals Intelligence – Subject Matter Expert Advisor
● Managed the analysis of ground SIGINT collection, SIGINT coordination, and synchronization operations in support of the International Security Assistance Forces-Afghanistan and US Forces-Afghanistan.
● Coordinated support packages provided to the Brigade Combat Teams (BCTs) to meet operational requirements. Leonie Industries, Ltd, Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Organization (JIEDDO) (Mar 2010 - Oct 2014) Reston, Virginia Intelligence Integrator - Counter-IED Operations Integration Center (COIC)
● Managed the production of tactical level intelligence products for deployed SOF elements and the JIEDDO COIC.
● Deployed three time in support of Operation Enduring Freedom, supporting targeting eﬀorts by analyzing all-source intelligence on insurgent networks, their operational capabilities and supporting tactics in pre-operational planning. Overwatch Systems, Ltd, Joint Special Operations Command (JSOC) (Oct 2009 - Feb 2010) Fort Liberty, NC Senior Signals Intelligence Advisor
● Trained, planned, and determined mission requirements.
● Maintained a thorough knowledge of digital and/or analog analysis techniques, signal collection, analysis, evaluation and reporting methods.
USGC, Inc, Enhanced Combat Advisor Development Course (ECADC) (Apr 2009 - Sept 2009) Fort Riley, Kansas Primary Instructor
● Trained over 8000 soldiers, sailors, and airmen deploying in support of OIF or OEF as a Foreign Security Forces Advisor on a Military Transition Team.
● Developed culturally competent combat advisors on the importance of embedding with Host Nation Security Forces and interacting with the native population while advising counterinsurgency operations TTPs, strategic through tactical, and personal recovery in an increasingly dynamic, complex, and potentially lethal environment. General Dynamics, 1st Theater Sustainment Command (TSC) (Jan 2008 - Mar 2009) Camp Arifjan, Kuwait Collection Manager / Security Manager
● Managed the 1st TSC’s IMINT, MASINT, and SIGINT collection and PED requirements prior to submittal to 13 diﬀerent CENTCOM national ISR collection assets.
● Served as the 1st TSC security manager, conducting security inspections, updating security policy memorandums and standard operating procedures, and presenting security briefings to command units. L3 Communications GSI, Joint Special Operations Command (JSOC) (Sept 2006 - Dec 2007) Baghdad, Iraq Senior Intelligence Analyst
● Served as a Senior Analytical Advisor on an intelligence analytical team consisting of military and civilian analysts under the direction of the General Oﬃcer level and Senior Intelligence Oﬃcers.
● Provided senior level intelligence continuity and in support of SOF related missions that experiences high military turnover. Anteon Corporation, United States Army Special Operations Command (USASOC) (Nov 2002 - Sept 2006) Fort Liberty, NC Operations Analyst
● Provided battle command training and mission rehearsal exercises on unconventional warfare and counterinsurgency operations to U.S. Army Special Forces group and battalion staﬀs at the U.S. Army Special Operations Digital Training Center.
● Developed a Modeling and Simulation Management Plan including Order of Battle/Force structure, Electronic Order of Battle, MSEL development, information architecture, roles, responsibilities, and exercise control operations. US ARMY: 1978-2002
Senior Military Intelligence Warrant Oﬃcer, 525th Military Intelligence Brigade, (Jun 2001 - Oct 2002) Fort Liberty, NC
● Served as the intelligence representative for the post 9-11 Threat Analysis and Consequence Management Team. SIGINT OIC, 102nd Military Intelligence Battalion, (Apr 2000 - Jun 2001) Camp Red Cloud, South Korea
● Managed all theater Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance (ISR) collection assets.
● Directed the Processing, Exploitation, and Dissemination (PED) element. Senior SIGINT Advisor, Chief of Staﬀ for Intelligence, United States Army Special Operations Command, (Aug 1995 - Apr 2000) Fort Liberty, NC
● Designed, orchestrated, and implemented intelligence automation and communications architecture for deployed, real-world Special Operations Forces.
● Coordinated and directed all SIGINT/IEW activities supporting ﬁve active SOF Groups and two reserve SOF Groups engaged in Global War on Terrorism missions worldwide.
Senior SIGINT Analyst, United States Southern Command, (Aug 1994 - Aug 1995) Lima, Peru
● Served as the Senior SIGINT Analyst, in support of the USEMBASSY Peru Country Team. Provided multi-discipline intelligence products in support of USSOUTHCOM, and national level agencies’ Counter Drug Programs. SIGINT Requirements Oﬃcer, 308th Military Intelligence Battalion, (Aug 1992 - Aug 1994) Panama
● Managed all SIGINT collection operations within the USSOUTHCOM AOR. Traﬃc Analysis Technician, 519th Military Intelligence Battalion, (Aug 1989 - Aug 1992) Fort Liberty, NC
● Supervised and Managed tactical SIGINT collection, analytical elements, and operational support for the XVIII Airborne Corps SIGINT Readiness Facility.
Team Sergeant, Military Intelligence Co., 7th Special Forces Group, (Aug 1983 - Aug 1989) Fort Liberty, NC
● Led Special Operations Team- Alpha, team of four soldiers behind enemy forward line of troops to provide unilateral SIGINT collection. Training and Certiﬁcations:
● The Intelligence Fundamentals Professional Certiﬁcation (IFPC), 2023
● Intelligence Operations (300): Advanced, 2023
● Joint Improvised-Threat Analysis Course 17-02, 2017
● JIEDDO COIC Analytical Support Training 10-05, 2010
● Digital Receiver Technology’s Operational Training Course, 2009
● Section Security Managers’ Course, 2009
● DCGS-A Course to include Pathﬁnder, Query Tree, PSI, NAI Tool, 2008
● Military Response to Domestic Chemical Biological Radiological Nuclear & Explosive (CBRNE) Attacks Course, 2008
● Fundamentals of Chemical Biological Radiological Nuclear (CBRN) Defense Course, 2008
● Tactical Exploitation of National Capabilities Data Analyst Course, 2001
● Advanced Cryptologic Course, 1999
● Collection Managers Course, 1999
● Seven Habits of Highly Eﬀective People Course, 1998
● Joint Intelligence Analyst Course, 1998
● Intelligence – Security Warrant Oﬃcer Advanced Course, 1998
● Warrant Oﬃcer Technical/Tactical Certiﬁcation Course (Phase I), 1989 (352C – Signals Intelligence Technician)
● EW/SIGINT Analyst - BNCOC, 1987 (MOS 98C30)
● Electronic Countermeasures Operations (K3) Course, 1983
● EW/Communications Intelligence Mission Training Analysis (EUR) Course, 1980
● EW/Signal Intelligence Analyst Course, 1980 (MOS 98C1)
Contact this candidate