SMART OWUSU-ANSAH
* ***** ***, **** ***, New Jersey, 08204
ad8qvz@r.postjobfree.com 973-***-****
OBJECTIVE
To leverage my expertise in cyber security and information assurance to protect sensitive information and systems.

SUMMARY:
Highly skilled Cyber Security Analyst and Information Assurance Expert with 2 years of experience in Government Systems Security.
Vulnerability Assessment and penetration testing
Systems Risk Assessment and Mitigation
Compliance and regulatory requirements (NIST, HIPAA, PCI – DSS)
Incident response and threat analysis
Security architecture and design
Team leadership and collaboration.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Operating Systems: Windows, Linux, MacOS, Kali-Linux
Networking: TCP/IP, DHCP, Firewalls
Security: Tools: Nmap, Nessus, Suite, Burp, Splunk, Sandbox, VMWare, VM VirtualBox, Virus total and Phish Tool.
Programming languages: Python, C++, SQL
Certification: CompTIA Security+, CISSP, CEH
Software/Tools- SQL (SSMS), VIM, IRM, WMS, (SAP PROD), Word, Excel, Power point, Outlook, LOOPS, TEAMS and Sales Force, Checkout Counter and Control Panel and ServiceNow.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
IT Operations (Cyber Security/Information Assurance) – DoD Defense Logistics Agency
September 23rd, 2022 – Present
-Conduct vulnerability assessments and penetration testing to identify security weakness
-Developed and implement risk management plans to mitigate identified risks.
-Ensured compliance and regulatory requirements (NIST, HIPAA, PCI-DSS)
-Collaborated with incidence response team to analyze and respond to security incidents.
For Information assurance - designed and implemented secure architecture and sensitive systems
-Conducted threat analysis and risk assessments to identify potential security threats
-Developed and implemented security policies and procedures
-Collaborated with cross-functional teams to ensure security best practices.
- Act as an escalation point for DLA team members on site.
-Lead and coordinate major investigations and incident response activities concerning DLA accounts.
- Act as Incident Commander for serious incidents on DLA IT network.
-Perform eDiscovery and other technical tasks on DLA IT network.
-Independently lead technical programs and large projects on site and with larger team across the region.
For Soft Skills
- Train and mentor DLA users on site.
- Work with management and QEA/QC lead of our team to improve the overall performance of the team.
-Work with the Cyber Purple Team to implement content and tune security platforms for our contracts with DLA.
-Collaborate with stakeholders from other business units to conduct investigations, review plans and procedures, and respond to cyber incidents.
- Participate in training, exercises, and process improvement program.
- Occasionally travel for conferences, training, and other DLA offices.
- Manages DLA user accounts on base by set users up with their roles and permissions to use accounts.
-Updates AD user account termly with their training certificates for cyber challenge and PII toward active usage of their account.
-Assist management by importing new recruit’s records into the DLA (IRM database SQL) program known as Control Panel for initial issuing of dress, boots, socks, and caps.
-Engage with CIIP (Central Initial Issue Point.) employees on ways to help make the issuing and processing easier.
-Provide feedback on security control capability gaps based on security intrusion trends.

Claim Examiner – New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development
October 26, 2020 – April 2022
Investigate claims by phone or through independent adjusters to determine coverage, liability, and damages.
Evaluate claims and ensure that they are valid and that settlements are made according to company practices.
Negotiates with other parties to settle claims.
Establish and maintain proper reserves for each claim.
Deny claims to prevent insurance companies from experiencing unnecessary financial losses.
Refer suspicious cases to an insurance investigator.
Prepare coverage opinion letters.
Resolve coverage disputes with insureds and agents.
Performs all work in compliance with security requirement, including but not limited to claims confidentiality, computer access, payment integrity, and fraud prevention and detections.
Adheres to computer safety directives.
Maintains confidentiality of data under my custody.
Respond to network and host-based security events.
Participate in detecting, investigating, and resolving fraud alerting events.
Provide documentation and project support in cyber defense.
Act as a peer group leader to help train support staff
Serve as an escalation point for difficult problems and complex inquiries
Develop and maintain analytical procedures to improve security incident identification efficiency.
Demonstrate ability to drive process improvements and identify gaps
Demonstrates basic knowledge of New Jersey laws, policies, and procedures related to all non-monetary issues.
Stays informed of all the new policies, directives, and instructions as they are published, and implements them appropriately.
Ensures Security and Benefit Integrity

EDUCATION
MS. National Security Studies with concentration in Information Assurance/Cyber Security
NEW JERSEY CITY UNIVERSITY - Jersey City, New Jersey - May 2021

Bachelor of Science: Major: National Security Studies, Minor: Computer Science.
NEW JERSEY CITY UNIVERSITY - Jersey City, New Jersey - May 2019

Associate of Science: Computer Information Systems
ESSEX COUNTY COLLEGE, Newark, New Jersey - April 2017

Bachelor of Engineering: Electronics and Communication Engineering
KWAME NKRUMAH UNIVERSITY OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY - Kumasi Ghana - November 2009

CERTIFICATION
CompTIA Security+ (SY0-601) – August 2022
Device Configuration and Management (Windows 10 & 11) – January 2023
CISSP
CEH

BOOTCAMP CERTIFICATIONS
Cybersecurity Training - BlueteamXpert – January 2022.
Cyber Defense and Information Assurance - NSA and Homeland Security – 2019-2021
IC CAE - Intelligence and National Security Program in Critical Technology Studies – Rutgers University 2019 -2021

PROJECTS
WMS Analyst Project for RTC program Cape May Coast Guard Training Center in May 2023.
Specialized Field project – “Privacy Protection threats” – New Jersey City University - (2019 -2021)
Conducted research in “privacy protection threats for members of a non-profit organization (church) health data which was requested from them during COVID-19 pandemic and how it violates HIPAA regulations” under the guidance of Professor Lynn Constini.
Presented findings at the end of the semester to the school final Seminar for projects and the office of the Capstone for archiving.
Project Designed: Intrusion Wireless Detection device designed for Army camps. – Kwame Nkrumah University for Science and Technology – Kumasi Ghana – (2008 – 2009)
Part of a group project of four students and we researched and design a device that detects intruders via wireless sensors into an army camp. I was assigned to research and designed the control system part of the project that helps to receive and send signals whenever there is an intruder.
This was executed perfectly and that fulfilled the required needed course curriculum to complete the Electronic and Communication Engineering degree awarded to me in 2009.

REFERENCE
Upon Request
Contact this candidate