P a g e * *
Philip Adabo
SOC Analyst
ad9but@r.postjobfree.com• 240-***-****
Laurel, MD
A Cyber Security Analyst with 5 years experience, proficient and a good understanding of information technology. Specialized in proactive network monitoring of SIEM (Splunk). Have a deep knowledge in identifying and analyzing suspicious event. Able to use various security tools to perform logs and packet analysis. Finally, can perform malware analysis with the overall objective to ensure confidentiality, integrity and availability of the systems, networks, and data. Technical Proficiencies
Languages: Python, C++ Program
Operating Systems/Software: M.S Office Suit, Linux, Windows & Mac – System Administrative Perspective Tools: Splunk/ES, McAfee ePO, Akamai WAF, FireEye, Cofense Triage, Anomali Threat stream, Crowdstrike, TrendMicro, Wireshark, Microsoft Sentinel, Microsoft Defender for Endpoint.
Career Experience
1901 Group, Baltimore 03/2020 – Present
Soc Analyst
Developed SOP on how to triage alerts like phishing, DNS sinkhole, foreign traffic etc for junior analyst.
Created and launched cyber security awareness program and in – house interactive e – learning workshops for 85% of employees and managers increasing cyber security.
Collaborated with engineering team to fine tune noisy alerts, reducing false positives to about 60% and also reducing analyst burn out.
Created incident tickets and support the investigation of such incidents to not only mitigate the current threat but also prevent future occurrence.
Stay abreast with current security threats and vulnerabilities, particularly those that may directly impact the company with security blogs/podcast, hacker’s news.
Performed threat analysis in a 24/7 environment, mitigating and managing all threats and risks to the company and gaining 99% security in data.
Investigate all reported suspicious emails and determine whether the emails are malicious, non-malicious or legitimate and reply to the reporter with findings and any recommendations.
Identified over 300 new viruses, hidden malware and vulnerabilities in under three years, saving the entire company over 25,000 computers from destruction.
NCR Corporation, Baltimore 01/2019 – 03/2020
Soc Analyst
Collaborated with engineering team to automate most alert escalations, resulting in an increase of 80% in analyst productivity.
Investigated security alerts received by making use of analysis and preventive tools and log files possible to determine if the alert is false positive, a security event, an actual attack, or a security incident.
Ensured the integrity and protection of networks, systems, and applications by technical enforcement of organizational security policies, through monitoring of vulnerability scanning devices.
Researched new and evolving threats and vulnerabilities with potential to impact the company.
Assisted with the development of processes and procedures to improve incident response times, analysis of incidents, and overall SOC functions.
Developed new and improved ways to solve existing production security issues and also drive up productivity.
Investigated malicious phishing emails, domains, and IPs using Open Source tools and recommend proper blocking based on analysis.
Performed shift handoff at the end of every shift to provide situational awareness to the incoming shift.
Research and test new security tools/products and make recommendations of tools to be implemented in the SOC environment.
P a g e 2 2
Lolubyte Inc, Hyattsville 09/2017 – 01/2019
Jr Soc Analyst
Followed detailed processes and procedures to analyze, escalate, and assist in remediation of critical information security incidents.
Ongoing review of SIEM dashboards, system, application logs, and custom monitoring tools.
Analyzed security event data from the network (IDS, SIEM).
Investigated malicious phishing emails, domains and IPs using Open Source tools and recommend proper blocking based on analysis.
Identified suspicious/malicious activities or codes.
Searched firewall, email, web or DNS logs to identify and mitigate intrusion attempts.
Escalated any security incident that has negative impact to the Incident Response (IR), Incident Management Team (IMT), Forensic Management Analysis Team (FMAT) as needed. Education
Bachelor of Science in Information Technology Towson University Towson, MD Professional Association: United States Army Reserves, 2015-2020 Licenses & Certifications: CompTIA Security+, CompTIA CySA+
Contact this candidate