KINGSLEY OKPARA
Hyattsville, MD ***** Phone: 202-***-****
Email : ads9db@r.postjobfree.com Permanent Resident

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Driven IT professional with over four years of experience as a Cyber Security Analyst, demonstrated success troubleshooting, resolving problems and issues in high pressure, deadline environments. Exhibits a dedication to the meeting, and exceeding, client expectations and requirements. Well-versed in direct and remote analysis with strong critical thinking, communication, and people skills. I thrive under pressure in fast paced environment while working to prevent cyber-attacks especially in business and corporate settings. When it comes to cyber security, my ethic is that making more secure systems for everyone to make cyber security easier for the largest stakeholders in the technological arena.

SKILLS SUMMARY

Experience in Network Security Monitoring using Wireshark and SNORT
Experience in analyzing alerts from security tools such as IDS/IPS, EDR and SIEM.
Experience in Operating vulnerability management tools to identify security weaknesses and validate compliance with standards.
Experience in various cybersecurity best practices, risk assessment, FEDRAMP, ticketing systems, soc 1&2, and regulations such as NIST Special Publications documents (SP 800-50, 800-53A, 800-53, 800-60), NIST FIPS (FIPS-199), IT Security frameworks - (NIST Special Pubs 800 Series, NIST Cybersecurity Framework, ISO 27001), CIS CSC, and regulations (FISMA, HIPAA, CJIS, SSA, PCI-DSS)
Working knowledge of networking protocols and components including TCP/IP, DNS, SSH, DHCP, IP Networking VPN’s.
Stays current on topics in Information Security by researching emerging trends, technologies, threats, and vulnerabilities.
Ability to organize and prioritize multiple assignments, use initiative and judgment to accomplish results, work on deadline, and complete job assignments in an accurate, timely and professional manner.
Experience in Helpdesk/Desktop support using ServiceNow & ConnectWise Ticketing Systems, computer reimaging, deployment
Excellent communication and writing skills.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Helpdesk Support Specialist September 2022 – present
GTN/ Medstar Washington hospital (Washington, DC)
Supported clients with software/hardware installations and troubleshooting
Provide client support, troubleshoot, reimaging computers and resolve IT Support issues (Desktops and connected peripherals, Laptops, Mobile Devices Desk phones) for internal users and conference rooms.
Resolve incoming trouble tickets. Tickets are communicated through email, chat, web portal, phone calls, direct walk up and resolved in ServiceNow.
Resolution including basic Operating System (Windows & Mac OS), hardware and Basic networking issues.
Analyzed data from threat and vulnerability feeds and analyzes data for applicability to clients.
Planed, developed, and executed vulnerability scans of organization information systems
Completed and review documentation for projects or any operational effort
Other activities as assigned.

Cyber Security Analyst February 2021- September 2022
Admiral Security Services (Washington, Dc)
Risk management framework (RMF) using NIST 800-53 as a guide, assessments, and continuous monitoring performed RMF assessment included initiating meetings with various system owners and information system security officers (ISSO), providing guidance of evidence needed for security controls, and documenting findings of the assessment.
Developing a Plan of Actions and Milestones (POA&Ms) for security issues that cannot be remediated in the timeframe set forth by policy.
Coordinating and maintained the documentation for the Security Assessment and Authorization (A&A) process for each system.
Assisting in conducting assessments of information systems in adherence to FISMA, by categorizing information security with reference to guidelines from FIPS 199 and NIST SP 800 -53 requirements.
Good understanding of security incident and event management (SIEM), automation, and authentication tools, like Splunk for log analysis.
Have experience in email security making sure that email gets to it destination without losing its integrity.
SOC Analyst June 2020 – February 2021
Allied Universal Security Services (Arlington, VA)

Monitored of the day-to-day operation of Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) using LogRhythm and Network Anomaly Detection and other security control tools.
Worked on alerts assigned to the SOC Security Team from our outsourced managed SEIM, monitored provider and on ServiceNow tickets sent to the security helpdesk.
Ensures effective network monitoring, log management and log analysis from a variety of network sensors to investigate suspicious network activity.
Conducted investigations and prepare comprehensive reports with timely escalations to Network or Security Engineer, for review.
Remain informed on trends and issues in the security industry, including current and emerging technologies.
Performed Vulnerability scans and provide reports including remediation procedures.
Reported on newly released vulnerabilities and keep track of any asset found vulnerable.

EDUCATION
Career Technical Institute
Diploma in Information Technology Professionals
June 2021

University of Ghana
Legon
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science
September 2014
CERTIFICATIONS
Certified Ethical Hacker
(In Progress)
Scrum Master
March 2022
Security +
June 2021

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Nessus (Tenable
Splunk

Darktrace (IDS)

Firewalls (Palo Alto)
McAfee
Proofpoint

ServiceNow
LogRhythm

Microsoft Office 365 Application
Contact this candidate