Mohammad Riaz
Houston, Tx ***** adt2cc@r.postjobfree.com 832-***-****
OBJECTIVE
A self-driven, motivated, and analytical- minded skilled IT professional with experience configuring computers, servers, and peripheral devices to work within established company and security parameters. Adept at managing permissions, filters, and file sharing. Devoted troubleshooter with deep understanding of system architecture and diagnostics, seeking a full-time role as a Cyber Security Analyst I with the goal of providing first level response to help in the management of security risks as well as to contribute to remediations after cyberattacks.

EDUCATION
MyComputerCareer Expected Graduation February 2023
Information Technology Security & Administration Certificate
Certifications Earned: A+, CySA+, Security+, Azure Fundamentals, Azure Administrator,
Certifications in Progress: Network +, Linux, Server+
Alief Elsik High School Graduated – High School Diploma

SKILLS AND CERTIFICATION
Skills: Security Event Management (SIEM), Cyber security practices, Computer Network, Network protocols, Windows operating systems, Linux, macOS, office 365, MITRE ATT&CK framework, firewall logs, Incident Response, Digital forensics, Troubleshooting, Digital investigations, Analytical skills, Multitasking skills Strong writing, Effective written communications skills, Excellent reporting skills, Strong organizational skills, Strong problem solving skills, Strong time management skills Strong understanding of networking and TCP/IP .Knowledge of SIEM, IDS, anti-virus/anti-malware, and firewall technologies. Answer user inquiries regarding computer software or hardware operation to resolve problems. Install and configure network equipment including routers, proxy servers, switches, WAN accelerators, DNS and DHCP. Experience with Windows Server, Windows 7/8/10, Linux, Apple macOS/iOS, and Android OS

.

WORK EXPERIENCE OBJECTIVE
Manager, Operations Houston, TX
SKS Corporation November 2018 – Present

Prepared a weekly analysis for the labor and material costs for the construction and fabrication teams. Met with stakeholders to discuss variances and addressed overruns thru budget transfers and costs savings resulting in 90% of the projects coming in under budget.
Created the cash flow forecasts for all estimates and created a scenario analysis option using Excel for different payment terms from the client. This new process allowed us to book 30% more cash positive projects.
Formulate and develop strategies and render assistance in the implementation of all major operational projects
Identify process need to support existing and new business initiatives
Led a group of 10 Project Managers on a variety of different projects and met all KPIs. Trained the PMs on the different client budget management programs, held progress meetings, and ensured all were meeting each client’s policies and procedures.
Oversee all activities related to petroleum and workforce management include system and processes ensuring compliance and establish benchmark
Developed a costing tool in Excel for project management fees. Provided pricing for all RFPs for variable project management services for the corporate project management group.
Managed and set up client platforms for communication, invoicing, drawings, and change orders.
Evaluate various statistical and financial reports to identify utilization trends and recommend operational improvements to managements

Supervisor, Operations
SKS Corporation Houston, TX
January 2012-2018

Manage performance reports and dashboards and work queues to exceed established turnaround times.
Oversee the review, investigation and resolution of complex inquiries regarding client for all business units
Complete training materials for new employee & track skill development
Conducted root cause analysis in deficient areas to identify & resolve issues
Monitored and enforced production standards to ensure timely completion of assigned tasks
Oversee the security of financial information, equipment, and supplies
Develops and implements spreadsheets to track transactional activity, process/procedure manual and error resolution logs to determine focus areas of training of staff

Links:
CompTIA A+ ce certificate (4).pdf

CompTIA CySA+ ce certificate (1).pdf

https://www.credly.com/badges/6940866c-c85a-45d5-9ef3-898570345930/public_url

https://www.credly.com/badges/b3d1136e-64d2-4b43-9bbf-8614efaab02a/public_url

CompTIA Security+ ce certificate.pdf
Contact this candidate