PETER IBE
Glen Burnie, Maryland e: peenke** @ gmail.com c: 301-***-****

SUMMARY
Detail Orientated Information Security professional experienced in Information Assurance, Information Security and Risk Management Framework (RMF), NIST Special Publications (NIST SP 800-*), NIST guidance implementation, oversight, and compliance. Assists in meeting mandates, directives, reporting, and other security-related processes with respect to Federal regulations such as FISMA act, OMB mandates, Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS), to ensure that Information Systems and information they process are secure by ensuring the appropriate Controls are properly implemented, working as intended and yield expected results.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Security Analyst Howard University Hospital Sept 2014- Current
Develop, review and update Information Security System Policies, System Security Plans (SSP), and Security baselines in accordance with NIST, FISMA, OMB, NIST SP 800-18 and industry best security practices.
Develop and update System Security Plan (SSP), Privacy Impact Analysis (PIA), System Security Test and Evaluation (ST&E) and the Plan Of Actions and Milestones (POA&M)
Designate systems and categorize its C.I.A using FIPS 199 and NIST SP 800-60
Developed policy and procedural controls relating to Management, Operational and Technical Controls for the Organization.
Conduct Security Control Assessment on General Support Systems (GSS), Major Applications and Systems to ensure that such Information Systems are operating within strong security posture.
Carried continuous monitoring after authorization (ATO) to ensure continuous compliance with the security requirements.
Develop Security Assessment Plan (SAP) to initiate Security Assessment for low, moderate and high control information systems.
Conducted kick-off meetings to collect systems information and categorize systems based on NIST SP 800-60
Technical Specialist Ascension Health July 2002 – Sept 2014
Performed software/hardware installation, maintenance, repair, update and testing.
Installed and configured Microsoft Office Suites on multiple machines.
Configured and implemented network interfaces for a Windows Network.
Completed troubleshooting to resolve TCP/IP connectivity problems.
Created new procedures to improve company’s productivity in the management of information systems
Utilized tools to track, record, and transfer request orders and incident tickets
Performed network administration functions, set up network user accounts/permissions, reset passwords, and administer group policies.
Installed, configured, re-imaged and maintain desktop systems, copy and scan documents.

EDUCATION/ CERTIFICATION

Master of Science, In Progress - DeVry University
Associates Degree, 2004 - Prince George’s Community College
Certified Authorization Professional (CAP) - In Progress
Certificate, MCP Windows 2000 & Windows XP, 2002
Certificate, Microsoft A+, 2002

SKILLS

Cybersecurity
Risk Assessment
Project Management
Network Defense
Threat Analysis
Communication
Teamwork
Adaptability
Problem-Solving
Creativity
Work Ethic
Interpersonal Skills
Time Management
SharePoint
Security Policies/Procedures
Contact this candidate