Dean Reik
* ******** *****
Fredericksburg, VA **406
540-***-****
Career Summary
35+ years of experience in Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD), Improvised Explosive Devices (IEDs), Counter Improvised Explosive Devices (C-IEDs), Physical Security, Department of Defense Force Protection, Military Analysis and Leadership

Experience
Jefferson Gold Training Program Coordinator, Vickers/Nolan Enterprises Dec 2019 – Present
Dumfries, VA
Responsibilities for providing advice and assistance to Federal and State/Local Bomb Technicians in Counter-Weapons of Mass Destruction (C-WMD) operations.
Serve as the Training Coordinator for the Jefferson Gold (JG) Training Program for the Render Safe Unit (RSU).
Provide subject matter expertise (SME) on Bomb Technician equipment used for C-WMD operations.
Overall administrative support to the Program Manager/Project Manager/Subject Matter Experts.
Assist in the preparation of project plans, status reports, schedules, and required contract deliverables.
Analyze and coordinate interagency Department of Justice (DOJ)/Department of Defense (DOD)/Department of Energy (DOE) curriculum review to periodically update or develop new curriculum to ensure training objectives are aligned with unit Mission Essential Task Lists (METLS).
Analyze and review curriculum edits in conjunction with SME from DOE and DOD.
Attend unit level working group meetings and ensure to incorporate the latest Tactics, Techniques and Procedural (TTP) developments into training requests.
Author unit Training Requests
Draft Question/Answer (Q/A) documentation such as Weekly Status Reports (WSR)/Monthly Status Reports (MSR) and After-Action Reports (AAR).
Track and manage the distribution of funded DOD/DOE training events.
Liaison with State and other Government Agencies on matters pertaining to C-WMD training and operations.
Travel in support of C-WMD related training.

EOD Subject Matter Expert/Advisor, Valliant Integrated Services Sept – Dec 2019
Kingstown, VA
Responsibilities for providing EOD SME/Advisement to the Defense Threat Reduction Agency (DTRA) including:
Coordination with Department of Defense (DOD) EOD Teams and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Stabilization teams for response to possible Weapons of Mass Destruction (WMD) incidents involving DOD military munitions.
Advise on training requirements for DOD EOD Teams in conjunction with FBI Stabilization teams.
Participate in and provide EOD SME during all phases of planning for training and exercises.

Improvised Explosive Device Training Aids Fabricator, CACI Oct 2018 – August 2019
Camp Arifjan, Kuwait
Responsibilities for the Improvised Explosive Device Training Aids Fabricator include:
Design, modeling, fabrication, and repair of Improvised Explosive Device (IED) student training aids using modified off the shelf components.
Skills included electrical and electronic circuitry: schematic interpretation, PCB prototyping, layout and design, soldering, assembly, and troubleshooting.
Use of power and hand tools, drill press, miter saw, table saw, and the operation of various types of mixing, heating, molding, pressing, shaping, and related machinery to build, repair, replace, or modify steel, wood, rubber or plastic items.
Also served as the primary logistic coordinator for all operations.
Additionally, provide operationally realistic IED Training Aids for use in IED Training of Host Nations and forward deployed forces.
Troubleshoot and repair malfunctioning IED Training Aids. Liaison with Intelligence Specialists to research IED intelligence and fabricate updated IED Training Devices based on latest available intelligence.
Prepare and set up simulated IED Training scenarios at training areas based on latest enemy Tactics, Techniques, and Procedures (TTPs). Manage, track and develop IED Training Aid inventory and database.
Establish training aid inventory and repair parts resupply levels, generate training aid budget projections, and place resupply orders as necessary.
Track supply shipments and receipts. Ensure security of training aid inventory and proper disposal of expended, outdated components.
Generate training reports, maintain records of inventory status, inventory disposition, supply order status, and draft other general correspondence as required.

EOD Coordinator, U. S. Department of State Dec 2015 – May 2018
U.S. Embassy, Kabul, Afghanistan
Responsibilities for the Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) Coordinator included:
Operational command of an EOD Response team, providing technical guidance and direction to subordinate EOD Technicians to ensure adherence to established protocol and procedures.
Serve as the senior on scene EOD representative and primary EOD point of contact during incident responses, coordinate additional support necessary to achieve the EOD Mission.
Review operational and technical performance of team members to identify training gaps and any potential areas that require remediation or additional guidance, coordinate and facilitate ongoing in-service training for subordinate EOD personnel to maintain and enhance work skills, performance, and capabilities, and maintain training records.
Respond to emergencies involving explosive devices utilizing tools and equipment and technical data, conduct long range and close- in reconnaissance, used X-ray equipment, robotics systems, and remotely initiated or controlled tools and techniques to interrogate and gain access to the devices.
Identify and assess explosive device condition and any potential chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear threats, advise incident commander on recommended safe withdrawal distances, and take appropriate measures to evacuate personnel.
Identify and conduct appropriate render safe procedures for Unexploded Ordnance (UXO), IEDs, mines, Weapons of Mass Destruction (WMD), isolate items and/or areas, move and/or consolidate devices that have been determined acceptable for movement within a specific area of responsibility, and excavate and safely dispose of devices.
Develop notional concepts, mission needs statements, and operational requirements documents, develop and implement operations plans, concepts of operation, and operating instructions on EOD employment, and develop and implement explosive safety plans.
Prepare lesson plans and present briefings and training classes to Chief of Mission and other contractor personnel on ordnance recognition, explosive safety and handling procedures, appropriate responses to UXO incidents, general IED safety and awareness, and bomb search, bomb threat, and reporting procedures.

C-IED Analyst/Senior Consultant Feb 2014 – Dec 2015
IED Branch, Force Protection Integration Division, Quantico, VA
Responsibilities for the C-IED Analyst/Senior Consultant included:
Provide support to the Force Protection Integration Division, Counter-IED (C-IED) Branch.
Support included development efforts to institutionalize the lessons learned within the United States Marine Corps (USMC) in strategy, policy, warfighting concepts, and doctrine, to codify C-IED processes.
Worked as part of an integral team to develop the USMC C-IED strategy and to develop the USMC C- IED Campaign Plan.
Worked to develop a detailed implementation plan that outlined specific and implied tasks with Lines of Operation Leads.
Coordinated with numerous external agencies including the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), the Transportation Security Administration, the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Organization (JIEDDO), the Department of the Army, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), the Terrorist Explosive Device Analytical Cell (TEDAC), and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms, to synchronize C-IED efforts.
Coordinated revision and updates to emergent C-IED doctrine.
Conducted reviews and developed comments and positions in order to provide formal responses to Marine Corps Action Tracking System requests for the C- IED Branch.
Assisted in the reviewing and drafting of internal/external documents, briefs to senior leadership, and development of point papers.

Senior Requirements Analyst Nov 2012 – Feb 2014
Marine Corps Warfighting Laboratory, Counter Improvised Explosive Device Division, Quantico, VA
Responsibilities for the Senior Requirements Analyst included:
Provide support to the Marine Corps Warfighting Laboratory, (MCWL) Counter Improvised Explosive Device (CIED) Division, researched, coordinated with C-IED community of interest and compiled large volumes of data needed to support the CBA
Provided support on initiatives including Bandolier Explosive Breaching Systems and coordinated the development and delivery of the Improved Holly Stick.
Attended meetings/conferences and participated in Video Teleconferences (VTCs) on matters pertaining to USMC C-IED capabilities and doctrine. Provided EOD SME to MCWL C-IED Division.
Provided SME on Forensics and Biometrics exploitation being conducted by the Joint Expeditionary Forensic Facility, and Afghanistan Captured Materials Exploitation (ACME) Labs
currently being utilized in the Afghanistan Theater of Operation (ATO).

Weapons Technical Intelligence Analyst/Liaison Officer/EOD SME Mar 2011 – Nov 2012
Terrorist Explosive Device Analytical Center Quantico, VA
Responsibilities for the Weapons Technical Intelligence Analyst/Liaison Officer/EOD Subject Matter Expert included:
Conduct research of pertinent Asymmetric Solutions comprising C-IED data and scientific analysis to determine its effectiveness and reliability.
Assessed technical, operational, innovative, and emerging technologies.
Provided technical recommendations for the C-IED initiative concept development, including requisite logistic tools, and training requirements.
Conducted researched and assessed Army Weapons Technical Intelligence, initiatives, Weapons of Strategic of Influence (WSI), and Research and Development (R&D) elements in order to provide recommendations into WTI concept development to ensure that guidance from Department of Defense (DOD), DOD Joint Staff, Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA), Office of the OSD, Under Secretary of Defense (Intelligence) [USD (I)], and Inter-Agencies is synchronized, thus aligning Army HW, HT, and WTI operations.
Conducted reviews and assessments in theater to ensure concept development recommendations that support mission requirements and developed a transition plan to move from ad hoc capabilities to enduring capabilities during the current conflict.
Developed, produced, and presented periods of instruction on IED types, components, as well as explosive effects.
Participated in working groups, meetings, and VTCs as required.
Provided EOD Subject Matter Expertise to TEDAC and FBI Explosives Unit on all IED/UXO related items, to include device construction, explosive fillers, and initiation systems.
Conducted weekly discussions with FBI Special Agent Bomb Technicians (SABTs) on current tactics, techniques, and procedures, as well as device signatures being utilized worldwide. Serve as Range Safe Officer, Officer In-Charge (OIC) support as needed/required.
Tracked shipments of evidence for detainee prosecution from TEDAC to ACME Labs within the Afghanistan Theater of Operations (ATO).
Provided briefings to units preparing to deploy to the ATO, as well as researched requests and provided training aids to US Army and USMC UED Centers of Excellence.
Provided IED SME information on IED events occurring in the Regional Command, South-West Area of Operation.

Terrorist Explosive Device Analytical Center, Liaison Officer / Joint Prosecution Exploitation Cell EOD SME ` Sept 2011 – Mar 2012
Camp Leatherneck, Afghanistan
Responsibilities for the Terrorist Explosive Device Analytical Center, Liaison Officer included:
Served as the onsite TEDAC Liaison Officer
Represented TEDAC at meetings and conferences regarding the exploitation of IED related materials and or IED related evidence.
Offered forensic support from TEDAC.
Shared derived intelligence to and from TEDAC to all interested parties.
Shared information to and from TF Paladin and ACME/CEXC Labs.
Provided support for IED related targets upon request, provide input to TF Paladin and USMC on the use of the IED as a WSI.
Provided support of IED related materials for criminal prosecutions through quick response/turn around on evidence collected on detainees, as well as requested, received, and transported evidence in support of detainee prosecution cases.
Assisted ACME/CEXC Labs evidence custodians with packing and shipping of IED related evidence to TEDAC.
Assisted in and ensured proper prioritization of evidence.
Coordinated exploitation efforts with other ACME/CEXC on an as needed basis.
Assisted in determining when and what material(s) need to be sent to Level 3 lab for advance or additional analysis.
Initiated contact and coordination with responding or sending units to ensure feedback requirements are met and worked to obtain further intelligence/information that may be of value.
Coordinated with C-2/G-2/S-2 for advance notice of planned operations and provide feedback on device construction/background information for those operations.
Coordinated with C-3/G-3/S-3 for current operations and significant IEDs pertaining to those operations.
Coordinated the shipping of evidence cases for detainee prosecution from TEDAC and British Labs (DSTL).
Provided training on FBI ExPERT database to units on an as needed basis.
Provided TEDAC 101 briefings to incoming units/personnel on an as directed/needed basis.
Coordinated with other ACME/CEXC labs on shipping items of interest to TEDAC.
Coordinated information sharing efforts with additional labs in the ATO (DTK, DSTL).
Provided immediate “triage”/screening of all IED/UXO/Detainee materials/components turned in as evidence to JPEC for processing.
Provided follow-on Post Blast Training for JPEC Marines to enhance the capabilities to assist Route Clearance Missions, as well as Quick Reaction Force support.

Multiple Positions Dec 2006 – Mar 2011
Lanmark Technologies Inc., Vienna, VA

Weapons Technical Intelligence Analyst/Liaison Officer/EOD SME (2009-2011)
Responsibilities for the Weapons Technical Intelligence Analyst/Liaison Officer/EOD SME included:
Research pertinent Asymmetric Solutions comprising C-IED data and scientific analysis to determine its effectiveness and reliability.
Assessed technical, operational, and innovative emerging technologies.
Provided technical recommendations for the C-IED initiative concept development including requisite logistic tools and training requirements.
Researched and assessed Army WTI, the use of IEDs as a Weapons of Strategic of Influence, as well as Asymmetric Warfare initiatives, and R&D elements in order to provide recommendations into WTI concept development and ensure that guidance from Department of Defense (DOD), DOD Joint Staff, Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA), Office of the Secretary of Defense (OSD), Under Secretary of Defense (Intelligence) [USD(I)], and Inter-Agencies was synchronized, thus aligning Army, HW, HT, and WTI operations.
Conducted reviews and assessments in theater to ensure concept development recommendations would support mission requirements.
Developed a transition plant to move from ad hoc capabilities to enduring capabilities during the current conflict.
Developed, produced, and presented periods of instruction on IED types, components as well as explosive effects.
Participated in working groups, meetings, and VTCs as required.
Produced Information Papers, Executive Summaries (ExSums), Significant Activity/Activities (SIGACTS), and other reports as required.

Subject Matter Expert/Training and Logistics Support (2008-2009)
Responsibilities for the Subject Matter Expert/Training and Logistics Support included:
Responsible for the timely processing of Civilian Arming Requests to the Afghanistan and Iraq Theaters of Operation.
Closely coordinated with US Army’s CONUS Replacement Center to set up class dates for newly assigned LEPs to attend.
Ensured that LEPs are issued all required Organizational Clothing and Individual Equipment.
Maintained and updated office Automated Data Processing equipment submitted monthly and quarterly office supply requests.
Developed and presented an overview of the Marine Corps, its rank structure, and its unit design.
Developed and implemented an IED 101 brief for presentation at the LEP indoctrination training, as well as an UXO Brief. Prepared correspondence as directed by the Program Director.
Developed points of contact within the Marine Corps and Army units to ensure that LEPs assigned to units could establish contact for additional information.
Provided input on LEP training schedule.
Coordinated and established primary and alternate instructors for presentations of the Criminal Investigation Division Command brief, as well as the Criminal Investigation Task Force briefs for all LEP indoctrination training.

Neutralize/Mitigate SME (2007-2008)
Responsibilities of the Neutralize/Mitigate SME included:
Support the tenet leads to coordinate IED neutralization and mitigation issues across Headquarters Department of the Army (HQDA), Major Army Commands (MAC), external agencies, and other branches of service and the JIEDDO.
Assisted the tenet lead by conducting qualitative and quantitative analysis on IEDD neutralize/mitigate initiatives, for the development of the Army’s proposal.
Staffed proposals across, HQDA, MAC, external agencies, and other branches of service in a timely manner.
Conducted and coordinated with MAC to ensure support IEDD initiatives remain enduring capabilities through training and sustainment.
Participated in working groups, meetings, and VTCs as required.
Produced Information Papers, EXSUMs, SIGACTS, and other reports as required.
Socialized and educated the IEDD community on the roles and responsibilities of the AAWO, ANTS Division, with regard to the uses of the IED as a Weapon of Strategic of Influence, as well as sustainment and transitioning of IEDD initiatives into enduring capabilities or termination.

Subject Matter Expert/Action Officer (2006)
Responsibilities for the SME/Action Officer included:
Provide input to Branch Chief on all matters pertaining to TIC/TIM use and security of those facilities in the Afghanistan and Iraq Theaters of Operation, IAW 6 CFR, Part 27.
Acted as chairman of TIC/TIM working group within AAWO, ANTS Division.
Represented AAWO/ANTS division at all meetings and conferences on all TIC/TIM operational and security matters.
Training Integrator (Aug 2006 – Dec 2006)
Responsibilities for the Training Integrator included:
Conduct operational assessment of New IED Defeat related material and training solution efforts occurring at various IED Defeat Centers of Excellence (COE’s).
Assisted in scheduling units rotating through the COEs in order to validate potential solutions.
Assisted in the review of validated IED Defeat solution data, including the TTPs resultant from these units’ rotations, and then assisted in the integration of the solutions and TTPs into common exportable training packages suitable for any service.
Assisted in the support of institutionalization of the validated solutions with the various services and service schools through close coordination with the US Army Training and Doctrine Command (TRADOC), USMC Training and Education Command, Air Force Education and Training Command (ATEC), and the Navy’s Chief of Education and Training (CNET).

Military Analyst Nov 2005 – Aug 2006
SY Coleman L3 Communications, Arlington, VA
Responsibilities for the Military Analyst included:
Provide SME to the Detect Sub-IPT for the JIEDDTF.
Supported the ICDT Doctrine, Organization, Training, Material, Leadership, Personnel, and Facilities integration mission.
Participated in Sub-IPT meetings, conferences seminars, and planning sessions with the JIEDDTF, Rapid Equipping Force HQDA, US Army’s TRADOC and the JIEDDTF in working coordination of ICDT initiatives.
Provided immediate and continuous flow of critical information to the ICDT management in support of planning, development, and execution of IED countermeasures, programs, evaluations, and initiatives.
Represented the ICDT at conferences and other venues as directed.

Senior Operations Planner Dec 2004 – Aug 2005
National Security Directorate, Fredericksburg, VA
Responsibilities for the Senior Operations Planner included:
Conduct Vulnerability Assessments (VA) on DHS, established Key Resources and Critical Infrastructure for DHS Physical Security Division (PSD). During these assessments, provided input into the Assault Planning, WMD portions of the VA.
Evaluated facility’s physical security, provided in-depth documentation to DHS PSD on ways, and means to exploit lapses and weakness in established security postures and procedures for likely terrorist attacks.
Evaluated facilities probability to WMD attacks.
Provided DHSPSD with documentation on possible structure effects and personnel losses, injuries and various methodologies to improve survivability in the event of an attack.
Conducted various periods of instruction on DHS Buffer Zone Protection Plan (BZPP).
Assisted local, state and federal agencies in the development of procedures and processes for the submission of Federal Grants for tools and equipment available for the BZPP.
Provided expertise to ORAU/ORISE EOD training program.
Conducted periods of instruction on IED, and their associated components, terrorist methodologies, explosive materials, and military ordnance identification.
Provided SME on, and conducted the Post Blast Investigation course. Updated and improved existing training plans, classes and training aids.

Senior Operations Planner Jul 2004 – Nov 2004
Critical Incident Response Group, FBI Hostage Rescue Team, Quantico, VA
Responsibilities of the Senior Operations Planner included:
Provide instruction to FBI Special Weapons and Tactics Team (SWAT) and Hostage Rescue Team (HRT) in all aspects of WMD.
Developed, implemented, updated, and improved existing instructions on Personal Protective Equipment (PPE).
Provided instruction on how to establish, run, and process personnel tools and equipment through a Tactical Emergency Decontamination Line.
Conduct research on new tools, clothing, PPE, and equipment for the detection of Chemical, Biological and Radiological materials for FBI SWAT and HR.
Provide input into development strategies for FBI SWAT and HRT training and operations.
Explosive Ordnance Disposal Technician/Staff NCOIC Jun 2000 – Jul 2004
Marine Corps Base Quantico, Quantico, VA
Responsibilities of the Explosive Ordnance Disposal Technician/Staff NCOIC included:
Conduct Surface and subsurface range clearance of US and foreign ordnance and related explosive materials.
Served as the primary instructor for US foreign and civilian personnel on safety issues relating to UXO and other hazardous explosive components.
Was solely responsible for all planning, organization and safe execution of Two Force Protection Equipment Demonstrations (FPED) conducted aboard Marine Corps Base Quantico where over 4,000 pounds of high explosives were detonated in support of the FPEDs.
Supervised personnel, location, excavation, recovery, rendering safe, disassembly and inerting, detonation, burning, and/or the final disposition of unsafe explosive, chemical, biological and nuclear devices, as well as their additional hazardous components, including IEDs and WMDs.
Supervised and conducted numerous exploitation operations for intelligence purposes on “first seen” ordnance items.
Assignments included: Team Member/Team Leader on numerous Security Missions with the US Secret Service for the protection of the President and Vice Presidents of the United States, as well as other Foreign Dignitaries, as requested by the US Department of State.
Requisitioned and maintained accountability of Class V (W) and Training items for EOD training and operations.
Responsible for control and the overall accountability of over 2,500 EOD specific classified publications ranging from Limited Official Used, up to and including SECRET/CNWDI.

Specialized Training
Introduction to Micro Computers
Chemical/Biological Explosive Ordnance Disposal School (Phase 1)
Basic Explosive Ordnance Disposal School (Phase 2)
Joint Nuclear Weapons Course
Advanced EOD Course
Advanced Access and Disablement Course
US Army Range Safety Course
Confined Space Entry Course
Confined Space Entry Supervisors Course
Instructor Training Course
Curriculum Development Course
Hazardous Materials Responders Course
Master Training Specialist Course
Antiterrorism Train-the-Trainer Course (Level II)
FBI Post Bomb Scene Investigation Course
FBI Post Bomb Scene Investigation Instructors Course
FEMA Emergency Planners Course
FEMA Emergency Preparedness Course
FEMA Radiological Emergency Management Course
FEMA Hazardous Materials Course
FEMA Introduction to Mitigation Course
FEMA Animals in Disaster Awareness and Preparedness Course
FEMA Animals in Disaster Community Planning Course
FEMA Building for Earthquakes of Tomorrow Course
FEMA Emergency Response to Terrorism Course
FEMA Introduction to Incident Command (IS- 100)
FEMA Incident Command System Basic (IS-200)
EMA National Incident Command System (IS- 700)
Nuclear Emergency Team Operations, Radiological Accident Command, Control and Communications Course
Master Explosive Ordnance Disposal Technician
Master Training Specialist
Curriculum Development Certification, Level II Anti-Terrorism/Force Protection Certified.

Clearance
Top Secret with SCI access, DOE “Q” Clearance
Contact this candidate