Fadeke Ogunsan
Phone: 240-***-****)
E-mail: adt6od@r.postjobfree.com
Key Skills and Knowledge
● Security Assessment &
Authorization
● Security Planning
● Business Continuity
Planning
● Risk Assessments
● Vulnerability
Management
● HIPPA
● Incident Response
● Policy and Process
Development
Databases
● MYSQL
● MSSQL Server
● Access
● SharePoint
● Oracle
Operating Systems
● Windows Server
● Unix / Linux
Assessment Tools
● NESSUS
● NMAP
● CSAM
PROFILE SUMMARY
Innovative, resourceful, and passionate problem solver with 2 years’ experience in Assessment and Authorization, Risk Management Framework (RMF), vulnerability management and compliance management. Trained in the use of vulnerability assessment tools, such as Nessus, and OpenVas, with experience in Windows environments. Strong knowledge of FedRAMP, FISMA, and NIST 800 series. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, client relations and customer service.
EDUCATION:
● A.A.S, Cyber Security, P.G. Community College 2021
● Certificate Program in Network Systems Administrator, P.G Community College 2021
● Certificate Program in Cyber Security, P.G Community College 2021
● B.A., Mass Communication, Maiduguri, Nigeria. 1995 CERTIFICATION
● (ISC)2 Certified Authorization professional (CAP) – In Process
● IT Fundamentals Certified (COMPOO1021313796)
CITIZENSHIP STATUS
● U.S. Citizen
Core Skills
● Demonstrated experience as a Security Analyst or Information Assurance Analyst
● Specialize in the Federal Information Security Management Act
(FISMA) and the Security Authorization process based on NIST RMF 800-37 Rev.2
● Coordinate in-depth interviews and examine documentation and artifacts in accordance with NIST SP 800-53 and 800-53A
● Proven ability to thrive in a team environment but capable of operating independently
SKILLS SUMMARY:
Crest Consulting Group ROCKVILLE, MD
Information Security Analyst
January 2020- Present
● Performed Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA) audit reviews using NIST 800-37 rev 2.
● Updated IT security policies, procedures, standards, and guidelines according to department and federal requirements.
● Performed risk assessments, developed and review System Security Plans (SSP), Plans of Action and Milestones (POA&M), Security Control Assessments, Configuration Management Plans (CMP), Contingency Plans (CP), Incident Response Plans (IRP), and other tasks and specific security documentation.
● Performed vulnerability and baseline scans on the client network using Retina Network Security Scanner (RNSS) and Nessus.
● Developed Rules of Behavior (RoB), Interconnection Security Agreement (ISA) and Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for the client.
● Worked with IT Operations and Network Engineers to mitigate system vulnerabilities discovered in network devices (routers, switches, VPN Concentrator), servers, and workstations.
● Familiar with NIST Publications SP 800-18, SP 800-30, SP 800-37 rev 1, SP 800-53 rev 4, SP 800-53A, SP 800-60 and Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS) - FIPS 199 and FIPS 200.
● Working knowledge of duties required to implement information security controls and lead information security initiatives Voicenode Networks
Technical Support Specialist
April 2018 – February 2019
● Played key role in reengineering Support Center to improve responsiveness and customer satisfaction.
● Established best practices in Server and Network support and trained technical staff.
● Authored Service Level Agreement for internal/external customers for user/security administration.
● Initiated Shift Turnover report to continue customer communications for unresolved issues.
● Selected to create new procedures to improve department productivity and train new team members
● Added new users and provided access to databases and system functions. Setup and supported connected peripherals.
● Supported clients during 24-48 hour Disaster Recovery tests assisting with migration to DR site.
● Field incoming help requests from end users via both telephone and work orders in a courteous manner.
● Document all pertinent end user identification information, including name, department, contact information, and nature of problem or issue.
● Build rapport and elicit problem details from help desk customers.
● Prioritize and schedule problems. Escalate problems (when required) to the appropriately experienced technician.
● Record, track, and document the help desk request problem-solving process, including all successful and unsuccessful decisions made, and actions taken, through to the final resolution.
● Apply diagnostic utilities to aid in troubleshooting.
● Access software updates, drivers, knowledge bases, and frequently asked questions resources on the Internet to aid in problem resolution.
● Identify and learn appropriate software and hardware used and supported by the organization.
● Perform hands-on fixes at the desktop level, including installing and upgrading software, implementing file backups, and configuring systems and applications.
● Test fixes to ensure problem has been adequately resolved.
● Perform post-resolution follow-ups to help requests.
● Develop help sheets and knowledge base articles for end users.
● Perform related duties consistent with the scope and intent of the position.
Contact this candidate