References available upon request
Brandon A. Brown
346-***-****
**** ****** **
Rosenberg, Tx. 77469
adth7w@r.postjobfree.com
Veteran’s Preference: Yes
U.S Citizen: Yes
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Seasoned self-motivated professional with an exceptional track record of initiating and participating in large-scale IT and customer service-related operations. Additionally, while serving in the Armed Forced routinely protected assets valued at nearly $4B including the President of the United States and other senior officials. Well-respected associate and strategist with a history of successful IT operations and security specialties worldwide. Core Competencies
Ticket Resolution
Information Security
Access Management
Security Operations
Risk Mitigation
End User Support
Training & Education
NIST Compliance
eDiscovery (FTK)
Risk Assessment
Threat Hunting
Litigation Support
Auditing
Vulnerability Scanning
Firewall Management
Forensic Investigations
Endpoint Management
Budget Management
Threat Remediation
MDM/MFA Administration
Data Loss Prevention
DNS/DHCP
Phishing Campaigns
Biometric Administration
Professional Experience
The Harris Center for Mental Health & IDD, 01/2018 - Present Information Security Analyst II
Member of Information Security Team. Manages variety of security operations, network threat detection/prevention measures, patch management and account audit & 3rd party vendor management solutions. Active threat hunter for over 5k endpoints/servers. Responsible for detection & response of all security related events.
Routinely conducts configuration management for new implementations/deployments. Firewall administrator for 4K+ endpoints, monitors logs and make necessary changes to policy. Dedicated point of contact for detection & remediation of compromised hosts. Provides training and education to 4K+ end users regarding prevention of Data Loss via Endpoint DLP and Email DLP.
Conducts annual risk assessments, pen-testing, vulnerability escalations/remediations. Seasoned administrator supporting various IT departments with troubleshooting/resolving various work-orders. Conducts account related audits providing/removing & determining permissions. Conducts Data Collection/forensic investigations on endpoints placed under litigation hold. Mobile Device Management Administrator. Responsible for administering MDM profiles for Agency owned and BYOD devices.
References available upon request
Multifactor Authentication Administrator. Responsible for configuring, deploying, enrolling and maintaining MFA for agency staff and Infrastructure.
SERVICE CORPORATION INTERNATIONAL, 02/2017 to 12/2017 Information Technology Analyst – Jr.
Member of Access management team. Provides Network accounts, group memberships, exchange related solutions, VPN access and troubleshooting resolutions for 20k+ SCI employees worldwide. eDiscovery support specialist. Responsible for coordinating and executing data collection, preservation, processing/review, exportation & data destruction for Intra-Agency Litigation Matters. Manages risk mitigating special projects including vulnerability scanning and weekly threat analysis. Conducts cyber security training with 500+ SCI associates providing education on proper usage of corporate electronic devices.
Detected, documented, and addresses all potential threats and/or escalate to higher authorities. Define, implement, and maintain corporate security policies and procedures. Acquired a complete understanding of the company’s technology and information systems UNITED STATES AIR FORCE 09/2006 to 08 2016
Presidential Aircraft Security/Shift Supervisor/Craftsman Supervised security operations for Air Force One assets/$3.9B presidential aircraft fleet and facilities. Managed $11M state-of-the-art intrusion detection system with 908 alarms and 81 surveillance cameras. Maintained security protocol and procedures for entry control. Oversaw physical security and commanded/coordinated armed responses to restricted/critical areas. Trained and managed a staff of 72+ in direct support of the President of the United States, Vice President of the United States, and senior officials.
Lead and supervised training and evaluation processes. Developed and implemented contingency operations. Managed standards of discipline, counseling, and motivation of individuals and teams. Managed program strategies and security to meet Department of Defense (DOD) policies, programs, and procedural requirements as they relate to special programs.
Controlled a wide range of security disciplines, concepts, principles and practices to provide, review, and resolve complex security matters.
References available upon request
Managed security matters involving government and contractor personnel, including overseeing and providing continuity of security for facility, security inspections, personnel, visitor control, document control and Special Project Security (SPS) Matters.
Provided advice and support to senior leadership concerning security program requirements, policies, procedures, and vulnerabilities.
Oversaw a Cyber Security Liaison team that protects government computers, servers and components from vulnerabilities and threats for 200+ workstations within my assigned department. Conducted Information Assurance Officer duties for the 628th Security Forces Squadron Joint Base Charleston, SC. Professional Training/Education
CISSP Candidate (1/2023)
CompTIA Security+ (CE) New Horizons Computer Learning Center, Columbia, South Carolina 10/2016-Present DBIDS (Defense Biometric Identification Detection system) Site Security Manager Certification, Al-Udeid Air Base, Qatar, 2015
Air Force Cyber Security Liaison Training, Joint Base Charleston, South Carolina, 2015 CompTia A+(CE) Certification, New Horizons Computer Learning Center, Columbia, South Carolina 12/2014 Leadership and Management/Communications Academy, Joint Base Andrews, Maryland 2011 Security Forces Craftsman Academy, Joint Base San Antonio, Texas, 2011 Security Forces Apprentice Academy, Joint Base San Antonio, Texas, 2007 Air Force Basic Military Training, Joint Base San Antonio, Texas, 2006 High School Diploma, Thurgood Marshall High School, Missouri City, Texas, 77489
Contact this candidate