Devin Clary
Las Vegas, NV
702-***-**** adtjan@r.postjobfree.com

Cyber Security Analyst IT Helpdesk Support Professional

CompTIA Security+, Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH), and CompTIA CySA+ program trained US Army veteran, gained solid academic exposure in the life cycle of network threats, attacks, attack vectors, and methods of exploitation with an understanding of intrusion set tactics, techniques, and procedures. Successful in driving change, reorganization, and risk management practices by identifying various control types and risk reduction policies to ensure risk prevention. Well-versed in various threats, vulnerabilities, and attacks. Proficient in evaluating mitigation controls and deterrent techniques to handle attacks efficiently. Capable of performing real-time cyber threat intelligence analysis, correlating actionable security events, performing network traffic analysis using raw packet data, and handling incident response process.

Academic Level Competencies:
Cyber Security Analysis Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing IT Helpdesk Support Network/Firewall Security System Administration Troubleshooting, Installation, and Configuration Risk Evaluation Customer Relationship Management Technical Support Security Policies & Standards Change and Business Continuity IT Infrastructure Management Protocols/Standards Proficiencies Threat Analysis Incident Management, Audit, and Data Loss Prevention (DLP) Controls Data Normalization Log Ingestion and Analysis Crises Management Prototyping Security Architecture Triaging Security Configuration Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation Intrusion Prevention and Detection Access Control and Authorization Endpoint Protection Application Security Protocol Analysis LAN/WAN Configuration Python (Built data retrieval tools, visualization, web-scrapers, pdf scrapers) JavaScript CSS HTML Web-Building Microsoft Office (Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Word, Teams) Research Methods Briefing/Presentation Social Media (Ads, E-Commerce) SEO Marketing Project Management (Planning, Implementation, and Logistics) Leadership

Knowledge Forte

Ability to conduct a vulnerability assessment and penetration testing using tools such as Nessus, Rapid7, Metasploit, nmap, wireshark, Burp Suite, etc., analyze intrusion detection system (IDS) and intrusion prevention system (IPS). Identify detection methods and techniques such as signature-based detection and anomaly-based detection method.
Configure rules for the firewall, VLAN, and router. Configure access control list, port security, and unified threat management. Knowledge of Risk Management Framework (RMF) Package, Artifacts and SOPs, FISMA Compliance, NIST SP 800-53 Controls, and Cloud security.
Use network design elements and components to set up DMZ, subnets, VLAN, NAT, Remote access, and virtualized platforms. Troubleshoot security issues related to wireless networking, ensuring seamless business continuity.
Identify various control types and risk reduction policies such as mandatory vacations, job rotation, least privilege, and Segregation of Duties that need to be applied to ensure risk prevention.
Evaluate risk associated with Cloud Computing and Virtualization. Analyze security implications when integrating systems and data with third-party vendors/solutions considering factors such as data ownership, backups, policies around unauthorized data sharing, etc.

IT Courses

Helpdesk Pathway Program, Certification Pending:
•CompTIA Security+, Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH), and Security Analyst+ (CySA+)

Professional Experience

United States Army From January 2017 – July 2020
Army All-Source Intelligence Analyst (35F MOS) (3.5 Years)
Team Leader and working as a Primary Analyst in Support to Targeting Cell at 3-10, 317 BEB, Delta Company in Fort Polk Louisiana.
Trained in integrating signals collection into fusion intelligence by monitoring analyzing network traffic from electronic devices, social media, and equipment frequency: Anti-Air Systems, MRLS, C2, Key Comms Conduit, Artillery, Signals Systems.
Embedded with Signals, Electronic, Geospatial and Human Intelligence Professionals – coordinated assessments using their collection techniques, and delivered products on a strategic and operational
Devin Clary – Page 2
Professional Experience-continued…
JRTC Training Cycle, Fort Polk (2 Months)
Networked and Coordinated with All All-Source Cells, GEOINT, PSYOP, EW, SIGINT, HUMINT, CA, and FIRES personnel to combat a Hybrid Threat in Brigade Intelligence Support Element.
Identified Conventional and Unconventional High Valued Targets, and coordinated with FIRES, HUMINT, and EW to execute targeting.
Monitored collection traffick from Signals and Electronic intelligence (Radio Frequencies, IPs, Communication Nodes), Human Intelligence Collection and Passive cyber/open source collection.
Was identified as a lone, competent asset to bridge analysis directly between BISE and CUOPs, Movement and Maneuver, Psychological Operations, Civil Affairs, and EW Commanders.
Worked in TAC of 5 people, handpicked by Brigade S2 as direct analysis advisors to Brigade Commander, and recognized as SME in target analysis and CUOPs.

INTELEX Intelligence Exercise (1 Month)
Recognized out of all 300 peers in Company due to exceeding the standard of duties as a targeting analyst by Battalion Commander and Company Commander.
Briefed BISE and command team on targeting cycle, order of battle, and PMESII ASCOPE.
Handpicked by lead GEOINT Sergeant to become All-Source SME on GEOINT equipment.

TOCEX Intelligence Exercise (1 Month)
Briefed all INTs in Brigade on PMESII ASCOPE factors, Weapon systems, Order of Battle, High Payoff Target List, and High-Value Target List.
Directed integration of FIREs cells in targeting cycle/order of battle.
Conducted in-depth strategic and brigade country threat briefs on China, Russia, Horn of Africa, etc.

Southwest Border Mission (6 Months)
Worked in 3-10 Brigade Intelligence Support Element in two groups of 4 to support Army North, the Department for Homeland Security, and lower echelons assisting on the Southwest Border through interagency collaboration with other intelligence agencies.
Wrote over 20 reports, and was directly quoted by Army North Intelligence support/Department of Homeland Security.
Analyzed social media and dark web traffic, conducted OSINT.
PMESII ASCOPE Formats included analyzing Potential Joint Entry Points, Threat Weapon Systems, Threat Warfighting Functions, Potential Unconventional/Conventional and Criminal Threats, and Potential Diplomatic/Economic/Civil Considerations.

Self-Employed From August 2020 – October 2021 (1 Year)
Property Manager
Managed and maintained 5 privately-owned multifamily units.
Optimized communications between HOA leaders, and leadership by suggesting seamless platform/project integration.
Increased ROI from 5,000 in community savings to 40,000 by efficiently managing, financing, and approving improvements, suggesting changes in the policies and procedures.

CACI, Counter Intelligence Targeting Program, National Ground Intelligence Center From February 2022 – June 2022 (4 Months )
Targeting Analyst
Competency in Signals Intelligence tools to monitor and identify key network traffic and social media, using Voltron, Proton, Dataxplorer. Competent in using these tools to assist coordinating SPF operations to target key leaders.
Digital and Social Network Analysis to conduct targeting analysis on key leaders.
Competency in correlating signal, geospatial, and human intelligence to create analyst products.
Specialized in I2, Identity targeting – correlating biomarkers with other collections in fusion products
Visualization of analytic methods to brief DIA decision makers using statistical methods on excel, tableau, arcgis, google earth, powerpoint, and design thinking.
Designated as SME on automating analytic processes with excel and python
Coordinated with OSINT researchers, data scientists, explosive ordinance experts

Alpha Recon From July 2022 – Present
Risk Analyst/Open Source Intelligence
Open Source Intelligence Analysis to mitigate threat vectors impacting private industry clients.
Developed standard operating procedures for developing client profiles
Passive cyber and open source collection to advise clients and mitigate threat vectors.
Dark and Deep web investigation.
Developed standard operating procedures for open source and passive collection strategies through publically accessible and client communications/networks, using nmap, wireshark.
Uses data collection tools such: wayback machine, cyotek WebCopy, Hootsuite, OSINT Framework, Google Hacking Database, theHarvester, Recon-ng, Advanced Google Searches, Boolean queries.

Education and Professional Qualifications

B.S. Liberal Arts of Science in Psychology/IT (4th Year), Excelsior College, 3.5 GPA.
B.S. Computer Science, Western Governors University (2023).
A.S. Intelligence Studies, Cochise College (2022).
New Horizons’ Information Technology Computer Specialist (Preparation for CompTIA (A+, Network+, Security+, Cloud+) – In process of completing exams. (Graduated February 2021).
Intelligence Analyst Army 35F Course, Fort Huachuca.
Coursera/Udemy Certifications: Terrorism Studies, Intelligence Analysis (continuing in Physical Sciences/Mathematics/IT/Programming).
Intelligence Fundamentals Professional Certification
LinkedIn Learning – Facebook Career Connections Academy (Value proposition, optimizing a website, Establishing, Maintaining, and Grow online presence (Facebook, Instagram), Analyzing ad campaign metrics, e-commerce.
Contact this candidate