October **** to October **** Senior System Adaitaistrator EaterpriM SrrvW OperatiooB Center (ESOC) CSRA, INTEL Groap, Office for the Under SecrKary of Defense, Chief Information Office, Pentagon
Responsible for professional customer sevice, technical assistance deskside support for VOIP phone DVTC Desktop Video Teleconferencing systems and all computer related issues at the Pentagon and its remote sites. Responsible for routine maintenance and new installations of equipment for all sites, technical support for all users, remote and in house. Travel off site and perfom installations and network configurations for all sci devices and computers, attention to detail when installing, removing, relocating computers and sci devices. Maintain the IP address list for these devices to ensure connectivity
June 2016 to Oetober 2016 Senior System Administrator. BAE, Office for the Under Secretary of
Defense, Chief Information Office, Pentagon

Responsible for professional customer sevice, technical assistance deskside support for VOIP phone DVTC Desktop Video Teleconferencing systems and all computer related issues at the Pentagon and its remote sites. Responsible for routine maintenance and new installations of equipment for all sites, technical support for all users, remote and in house. Travel off site and perfom installations and network configurations for all sci devices and computers, attention to detail when installing, removing, relocating computers and sci devices. Maintain the IP address list for these devices to ensure connectivity
Augfust 2012 to October 2016 Senior Desktop Support NetCentrics, Joint Service Provider Pentagon
Responsible for professional deskside customer support, for the Pentagon. Duties included all offices, personnel and sites assigned to the Pentagon and its alternate locations. Install and uninstall computers, configure these systems for new and existing users and all peripheral devices, printers, video cards, memory chips, hard drives, transceivers and other devices. Creates accounts for new users, trouble shoot exchange issues, application issues, initial logins and account lock outs. Trouble shoot customers windows workstations and servers both on site and remotely. Posses the ability to walk a customer over the phone to resolve an issue, train new technicians on the proper procedures to complete their task and to follow standard operating procedures, skilled incident and request recording documentation and procedures (REMEDY), determine the best solution based on the information provided by the customer. Supported an off site location that required a on hands technician for 200 user successfully.

TRAINING:

CompTIA Security+
HDI Desktop Support Technician
DigitalNet DII Guard Certification
Intellitactics Network Security Manage Information Security analyst certification
MCSE 2000 training Strayer UNV
Supervisor/Managers Course Communications Center UNIX, Ft Gordon
Automated Data Commun ication Center Operator Course, Ft Gordon
Major Automated Data Processing Systems Management and Repair
Major AN/TSC-115 Course Utilities an d Commands
Contact this candidate