ARMEL BOUTCHUEN
adtkwm@r.postjobfree.com 240-***-****

SUMMARY

I am a Cyber Security Analyst with over 2 years of experience with focus on performing remediation to prevent exploitation of vulnerabilities and addressing cybersecurity challenges. Specialized in proactive network monitoring to identify and determine root causes of incidents using various security tools to perform logs and packet analysis. I have a deep knowledge in identifying and analyzing suspicious event and as a bilingual professional, I am experienced at providing direct support to corporate technology initiatives to include boundary defense, application security, root cause analysis, incident detection and response. Highly skilled in facilitating data loss prevention as part of strengthening the overall company IT infrastructure. Finally, can perform malware analysis with the overall objective to ensure confidentiality, integrity and availability of the systems, networks, and data.
TECHNICAL SKILLS

FireEye (NX, ETP, HX)
Google Admin Console
Tanium Endpoint Protection
Firewall (palo alto)

Service Now Ticketing/Remedy
Splunk E.S
Wireshark
OSINT Tools
Carbon Black

WORK EXPERIENCE

Universal Service Administrative Co. (USAC)
IT Security Analyst Jan 2021 - Present
Conduct proactive monitoring, investigation, and mitigation of security incidents
Monitor and analyze security information and event management (SIEM) and other tools to identify
security issues for remediation.
Communicate, escalate, and/or mitigate alerts regarding intrusions and compromises to the enterprise.
Monitor and analyze alerts and notifications from multiple security systems.
Analyze security event data from the network (IDS, SIEM).
Perform static malware analysis on isolated virtual servers.
Ability to recognize potential, successful, and unsuccessful intrusion attempts and compromises
thorough reviews and analyses of relevant event detail and summary information.
Monitor the integrity and protection of networks, systems, and applications by technical enforcement of
organizational security policies, through monitoring of vulnerability scanning devices.
Conduct log analysis using Splunk.
Conduct analysis using Splunk ES.
Identify suspicious/malicious activities or codes.
Followed detailed processes and procedures to analyze, escalate and assist in remediation of critical information security incidents.
Configured and monitored Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) platform for security alerts. Integrate and work with the firm’s Managed Security Services Provider (MSSP) services.
Worked in a 24x7 Security Operations Center.

Emergent BioSolutions Dec 2019 - Dec 2020

Continuous monitoring and interpretation of threats using the IDS and SIEM.
Use Vulnerability Assessment tools such as Nessus, NMAP to perform security testing.
Investigate malicious phishing emails, domains and IPs using Open-Source tools and recommend proper
blocking based on analysis.
Rescan mitigated systems for further infections. If none, commission systems back to the network.
Conduct research on new and evolving threats and vulnerabilities using security blogs.
Research new and evolving threats and vulnerabilities with potential to impact the monitored
environment.
Conduct log analysis using Splunk.
Identify suspicious/malicious activities or codes.
Monitoring and analysis of security events to determine intrusion and malicious events.
Performed network scans and vulnerability assessment for host machines using tools such as Core
Impact Pro and OpenVAS Green bone.
Scanned and monitored system vulnerabilities on servers and infrastructure devices using a Threat and
Vulnerability security solution.

EDUCATION & CERTIFICATIONS

CompTIA Security+ (Active).
Quality Management Certificate (Active).
AWS Cloud Security (In progress)
Bachelor of Science T.

VOLUNTEER.

American Red Cross
Contact this candidate