Mohamed
Lee
**** ******** ******, ********** ** 40241

502-***-****

adtotz@r.postjobfree.com

linkedin.com/in/mohamed-lee-54b96813a

Cyber Security Analyst SOC Analyst Certified CompTIA Security+ Malware Analyst Incident Response Endpoint Security Phishing Analyst SIEM
Experience
Cyber Security Analyst
Pani Digital Services, LLC
Aug 2020 - Present
Beltsville, Maryland, United States

Engage with tools and technologies that are at the core of the company's capabilities to hunt, manage and monitor cybersecurity incidents.
Analyze a variety of network and host-based security appliance logs (NIDS, HIDS, SYS LOGS, ETC) to determine the correct remediation actions and escalation paths for each incident.
Investigate intrusion attempts and perform in-depth analysis of exploits.
Provide network intrusion detection expertise to support timely and effective decision making when to declare an incident.
Review security events that are populated in a Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) system.
Engage with tools and technologies that are at the core of the company's capabilities to hunt, manage and monitor cybersecurity incidents.
Analyze a variety of network and host-based security appliance logs (NIDS, HIDS, SYS LOGS, ETC) to determine the correct remediation actions and escalation paths for each incident.
Investigate intrusion attempts and perform in-depth analysis of exploits.
Provide network intrusion detection expertise to support timely and effective decision making when to declare an incident.
Review security events that are populated in a Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) system.

IT Specialist
L&N Logistics · Jan 2019 – Aug 2020
Louisville, Kentucky, United States

Maintain and supported systems, workstations, mobile devices, printers, and peripherals, responded to user services requests, and resolve trouble tickets.
Ensure system security for desktop and mobile. Phone, email, walk-up, and inbound ticket queue support for incoming employee IT service requests.
Monitor internal system notifications for proactive response, and communication of any outages or system down time.
Active Directory user administration, password resets and unlocks.
Connect and configure IT devices to use computer networks.
Maintain and supported systems, workstations, mobile devices, printers, and peripherals, responded to user services requests, and resolve trouble tickets.
Ensure system security for desktop and mobile. Phone, email, walk-up, and inbound ticket queue support for incoming employee IT service requests.
Monitor internal system notifications for proactive response, and communication of any outages or system down time. Active Directory user administration, password resets and unlocks. Connect and configure IT devices to use computer networks.

Fleet Owner
Cowan System/ Samba transport/ ·
Jun 2012 - Jun 2022 ·
Louisville, Kentucky, United States
Safely and efficiently drove combination vehicle truck with heavy equipment and containers
Ensured timely arrival of truck equipment and trailer at customer locations.
Monitored transportation Movements
Completed logbooks and tour expense records
Conducted pre-trip and post-trip vehicle safety checks
Complied with tour description and itinerary
Recognized for outstanding professional achievement
Earned company’s safe driving award for 5 years
Performed all other transportation related duties and assignments as required

Truck Driver
OWNER-OPERATOR · Self-employed
May 2009 - Jun 2012 ·
FedEx Custom Critical/ Uniontown OH

Safely and efficiently drove combination vehicle truck.
Ensured timely arrival of shipments at delivery and pickup locations.
Completed logbooks and tour expense records.
Conducted pre-trip and post-trip vehicle safety checks.
Complied with DOT regulations
Safely and efficiently drove combination vehicle truck
Ensured timely arrival of shipments at delivery and pickup locations
Completed logbooks and tour expense records
Conducted pre-trip and post-trip vehicle safety checks
Complied with DOT regulations.

Werner Enterprise
Truck Driver/ Trainer
Werner Enterprises · Apr 2006 - May 2009 ·
Omaha, Nebraska, United States

Developed and delivered training to new and existing drivers on OSHA, DOT, and driving standards.
Fostered new ways of delivering training to maximize performance and ensure the business demonstrated a continuous learning culture.
Developed and delivered driver development programs by producing education material and conducted courses for dealers and their customers
Achieved and maintained the organization’s quality audit and performance standards
Worked collaboratively with colleagues internally and externally to maintain high levels of service delivery to all customers and delegates
Performed other duties as assigned
Monitored and consistently enforced company policies, procedures, and safe work
Developed and delivered training to new and existing drivers on OSHA, DOT, and driving standards.
Fostered new ways of delivering training to maximize performance and ensure the business demonstrated a continuous learning culture.
Developed and delivered driver development programs by producing education material and conducted courses for dealers and their customers
Achieved and maintained the organization’s quality audit and performance standards
Worked collaboratively with colleagues internally and externally to maintain high levels of service delivery to all customers and delegates
Performed other duties as assigned
Monitored and consistently enforced company policies, procedures, and safe work.

Skills
• Cyber Security Defense • Security Incident Response • Proficient with Microsoft Office Tools • Conflict Management • Team player • Excellent time management skills
Education

Columbia Southern University -- Bachelor of Science, Business Administration, GPA 4.0
ongoing Expected Graduation in April 2023
University of Gambia – Associates Degree in Business Administration
Completed (December 2003) GPA 3.31
Certifications and Awards

Freight Broker/Agent Certification May 2022
CompTIA Security+ Mars 2022
Web Development Fundamentals Mai 2021
Tanker License September 2014
Hazmat Certification 2010-Present
Safe Driver Award January 2009
CDL Trainer November 2006
Contact this candidate