S A M S O N A W E
Capitol Heights MD adtqve@r.postjobfree.com C: 202-***-****

Professional Profile

•In-depth knowledge of security monitoring and incident response tools
•Investigate security incidents and collaborate with appropriate stakeholders for timely remediation
•Experience in computer intrusion analysis and incident response

C O R E C O M P E T E N C I E S
Incident Response lifecycle Security Incidents Malware Analysis

Vulnerability Assessment SIEM
Incident Triage Analysts Endpoint Detection
Investigation Analysis
TCP/IP Network Protocols

P R O F E S S I O N A L E X P E R I E N C E

Hartford Technology - Maryland USA December 2021-Present
SOC Analyst

Respond to computer security incidents through detection, investigation, analysis, remediation, and report Cybersecurity incidents.
Report computer security events, in accordance with established processes and procedures
Provide ongoing monitoring of intrusion detection systems and newly developed exploits for Windows and UNIX systems.
Monitor security incident tickets to ensure security events are being properly serviced and associated SLAs are met.
Analyze suspicious web and email files for malicious code discovered through enterprise log monitoring
Monitors SIEM and logging for alerts of potential network threats, intrusions, and compromises.
Interpret, analyze, and report all events and anomalies in accordance with directives, to include initiating, responding, and reporting discovered events.
Develop trend analysis reports and metrics for management.

American Society of Composers, Authors and (ASCAP) January 2017- December 2020
Information Security Analyst

Effectively configuring and managing security systems whilst undertaking security monitoring activities.
Undertaking research, evaluation, testing and assisting on implementation of new security solutions.
Assessing email headers, links, and attachments to determine if an email is malicious, and then executing remediation techniques to protect the cloud environment.
Responding to security related inquiries and escalating and providing the
appropriate solutions.
Partnering with key business partners and working closely with Sr. Security Analysts and security platform engineers to investigate and resolve security related events.
Working alongside project management teams to successfully monitor progress and implementation of security initiatives.
Responding to Cisco AMP alerts to evaluate and remediate endpoint security issues in a timely manner.
Maintaining operational reports for Key Performance Indicators and weekly and Monthly Metrics.
Running the technical components of the vulnerability management program and documenting all activities in Jira.

`
United Bank for Africa October 2011-December 2014
Operations Analyst

Reviewed deficiencies, milestones reviews, discovery meetings and review of evidence provided for remediation.
Assisted in the development of risk analyses, business impact analyses, business continuity plans, and disaster recovery plans.
Served as a liaison between management and external auditors on IT Audit.
Assisted in drafting policies and procedures for change management and IT security.
Analyzed monthly performance analysis and expense reports in order to better manage daily banking activities.

E D U C A T I O N
University of Benin - Bachelor of Science Banking and Finance

T E C H N I C A L S K I L L S
Inspect, Nessus, Splunk Web, Remedy, ServiceNow, Selenium, JIRA, Wireshark, ArcSight ESM and Logger, Nmap, Nessus, Windows Firewall, AVG Anti-Virus, Splunk, FireEye, McAfee Endpoint Protection (ePO), Symantec Endpoint, Snort, IronPort, Firewall Logs
Contact this candidate