Isaac Chandler
240-***-****
SUMMARY
Quality Assurance analyst with experience in all phases of life cycle. Adept at using both manual and automated testing tools to troubleshoot systems, integration, positive and negative, and negative, regression, ect. I am detailed oriented, motivated, result driven, team player with strong communication and interpersonal skills.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Test Management Tools
Quality Center
Defect Tracking Tools
Quality Center & Jra
Databases
SQL Server 00/03/08, MS Access 2000
Operating System
MS/DOS, Windows 00/XP/ME/07/08, UNIX, Main frames, AS/400
Documentation Tools MS Word 03/07/10, MS Excel 00/03/07/10, MS Power Point
Ticketing software, Siebel, Remedy, Jra,
CA Service Desk

OTHER SOFTWARE AND HARDWARE

Wireless routers
SMS
Lotus Notes
Active Directory
TCP/IP
File permissions
Entourage, Medtech
CBM, Facets, Macess
Adobe
Vmware
Dameware
Adobe Cisco VPN
Juniper Pulse
SQL Server Management Studio
Greet Plains
Ramcos
SFTP
STP

WORK EXPERIENCE
Manual Tester
Technical Experience: Data Structures, Computer and Network Forensics, Software Engineering I, Intro to Mobile Robot Programming (Computer and Network Forensics Cryptography, Encryption), IBM Intro to Enterprise Testing, Cloud Computing, Mainframes, IT Quality Assurance Testing
Operating Systems: XP, Vista, Linux, z/OS.
Programming Languages: C++, Java, Perl, COBOL.
Software/Applications: Eclipse, Visual C++ Express Edition, Net beans

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
Chandler Enterprises Realty Co., LLC, / Dearborn, MI (5/2012-Current )
Real Estate Manager
Meet with, and show properties to, prospective renters discuss the lease and explain the terms of occupancy using operating systems: XP, Vista, Linux, z/OS.
Inspect all building facilities, including the grounds and equipment, Arrange for new equipment or repairs as needed to keep up the property,
Pay or delegate paying of bills, such as mortgage, taxes, insurance, payroll, and cleaning,

US Security Associates, Inc., / Baltimore, MD (6/2011 - 5/2013)
IT Security Analyst
Corporate information systems access control.
Computer and Network Forensics Cryptography, Encryption, campus IT Department
Knowledge of IT Policy and application IT compensating controls, Application Development
Familiar with security processes, procedures, and organization. Excellent verbal and written communication.
Customer Relationship Management skills Self-Starter who can work in ambiguous situations and drive to a solution. 1-5 years of Security and Controls, IT audit, or equivalent experience
3 years of IT experience in various roles

U.S. Census Bureau / Easton, MD (04/2009 - 08/2010)
Enumerator
Federal Government - Collect regional census data and enter into database.
Chart out plans to visit residents of a specified city
Create survey sheets or work on predefined surveys to gather census information
Conduct an extensive and thorough visual survey of areas that need to be covered during the census taking procedure
Contact people through telephone, email and in person to obtain pertinent data
Physically travel to residents’ homes to interview them
As questions pertaining to name, age, religious preference and state of residency
Explain the objectives of surveys and their procedures to people who are to be interviewed
Interpret interview questions to assist people in understanding them and providing eloquent answers
Assist people in filling out survey forms and explaining items on survey forms
Double check information on survey forms or information pads to ensure the accuracy of information

Cadista Pharmaceutical / Salisbury MD (02/2008 - 04/2009)
Compression Operator
Verification and testing ensuring all new design and development incorporates the current industry Guidelines, c-GMP manufacturing.
Used special software to performed computer-generated friability test on tablets to enhance disintegration properties. Ensured machine properly lubricated and properly installed tooling punch properties.

Quality Staffing Temporary Service / Salisbury, MD (04/2007 - 01/2008)
Assembly RF Engineering
Power Wave Technologies prepared and filters, used Automated Test Engineering software to perform high power test of circuit wiring on assembled Diablo Frame and Sub rack.
IBM Intro to Enterprise Testing, Cloud Computing, Mainframes, IT Quality Assurance Testing.

The Chandler Law Firm, Pllc / Potomac, MD (01/2000 - 08/2007)
Office Administrator/Security
Developed Web site to save cost of outsourcing, for the National Intellectual Property Law Institute.
Entered attorney’s billable time in Quick books Pro and PC Law.
Communicated effectively in managing the facility independently.

Hampton Inn dbc Marshall Management / Salisbury, MD (10/2001 - 03/2004)
Audit Supervisor/System 21 Administrator
Performed computer system rebuilds of IBM NT Server.
Achieved 94% external corporate audit of front office and Executive office accounting records and cash receipts.
Provided 1st and 2nd Tier technical support for end customers who needed to transmit electronic files into our business system
Assisted with setup of communications and supported general business inquiries.
Worked with business analyst, QA Manager and Development Teams to ensure that applications met requirements. Business Rules, High quality and SDLC standards. Involved with Testing Team to plan and implement testing efforts.
Conducted Quality Assurance reviews with other teams for all testing deliverables.
Involved in the risk assessments and prioritized the requirements.
Analyzed requirements, Functional and Design Specifications to establish Test Approach and Test Strategy.
Participated in writing Test Plans, Test Cases, Test Scripts based on business, technical and functional documents and then Execution of test cases, reporting and documenting the test results using the Quality Center.
Coordinated with the Development Team on Defect Analysis arising in Tests. Logged, updated tracked and closed defects using Quality Center for the process of validating applications.
Created, maintained and updated all the testing deliverables in Quality center for all releases.
Enhance QTP scripts with various checkpoints, logical loops, in-built functions and user defined functions for most accurate results and increased reusability of the same.
Performed Systems, End-to-End, Integration and User Acceptance Testing for all releases.
Created SQL queries to perform backend testing for data verification and validation.
Attended the daily Scrum Meeting in the Agile environment to discuss all the outstanding issues.
ENVIRONMENT
Quality Center, UNIX, AS400,ANSI, 4010, 5010, 835, 837, MS Office, SQL 2008 R2, Windows XP 2000, LISA, Agile, Grey box testing, Manual Testing.

International Papers, Wilmington, NC (05/1996 - 01/2000)
Technical Clerk Paper Process Engineering Group
Developed efficiency, downtime graphs, charts, power point presentations on paper machine performance.
Utilized Lotus Notes, Page Maker, Harvard Graphics, CAD programs for in house real time manufacturing system to develop consolidated reports.
Duties included provide first and second level telephone support for hardware and software issues to over 10,000 users.
Facilitated problem escalation process
Established priorities and effectively managed time to complete duties with specified time frames.
Perform system, unit, acceptance, function/performance testing on dozen of applications using manual testing method.
Help validate, verity communicate and resolve software and web application issue through careful, thoroughly documented testing to maximize the first call resolution rate.
Excelled in finding, documenting and reporting bugs, errors, interoperability flaws and other issues with proprietary and non-proprietary software.
Wrote test plans, test cases of the application, business process and performed usability and integration testing.
Developed Load Runner test scripts according to test specifications requirements.
Identify and eliminate performance bottlenecks during the development Lifecycle.
Accurately produce regular project status reports to senior management to ensure on-time project launch.
Developed Scripts in HTML/HTTP, Citrix for Load runner.
Participated in ISO 2002 Quality assurance review. Programming Languages: C++, Java, Perl, COBOL.
Write and execute test cases to thoroughly test best buy products and application system by anticipation potential malfunctions and designing specific tests to make them occur.
Document all software discrepancies and work with other technical personnel on the resolution of those discrepancies.
Perform manual testing, which may include system, regression, functional, front-end and back-end testing.
Use knowledge of applications to provide technical assistance in identifying, evaluating, and resolving complex test problem.
Created new customer users account for new developers and QA resources.
ENVIRONMENT
MS Office, Quality Center, MS Office, Snag-it, Windows XP, Windows 7, AS400, Ultra Compare and Edit, Clarity, Share Point., FTP, Ansi, 834, Agile, etc

National Intellectual Property Law Institute / Washington, DC (03/1994 - 04/1996)
Registrar
Supervised the admissions, registration and record keeping.
Developed correspondence about courses offered to the Law Firms, faculty, Chief Executive Officers and Government Officials.
Perform troubleshooting of end-user technical issues.
Create, modify and delete user application accounts in accordance with security policies
Assist the Unix team when they needed help
Utilize the UNIX operation system to support company functions, which includes editing shell scripts, running scripts and troubleshooting scripts by researching logs, Extensively used SQL Queries for Database Testing.
Maintain and troubleshoot FTP accounts that UNIX scripts utilize
ENVIRONMENT
UNIX, Windows XP, Windows 7, Windows 8, HTML, Microsoft Tools, Soap UI, Waterfall, Grey box testing, manual testing, BMC Remedy.

EDUCATION
University of Maryland Eastern Shore (December 2013)
Computer Science, Information Systems

DATE: November 28, 2022

AVAILABLE: Immediately
Contact this candidate