Sammy KILIC
Cyber Security Analyst
Richmond, TX in/sammy-kilich 346-***-**** adtral@r.postjobfree.com SKILLS
Problem Solving, Critical Thinking,
Teamwork, Attention to Detail,
Collaboration, Time Management
Security: Risk Analysis, Malware
Analysis, Phishing Analysis, Threat
Analysis, MITRE ATT&CK Framework,
Splunk, DELL Taegis XDR, Cisco EDR,
AnyRun, VirusTotal, Suricata, Snort,
Virtual Box, NIST/SANS Framework
Network: Wireshark, Pcap Analysis,
Nmap, Nessus, Bro Zeek, Suricata,
Cyber Kill Chain Framework, TCP/IP,
NIST Framework, VERIS
Operating Systems: Windows, Kali
Linux, macOS
Languages: English, Turkish
CERTIFICATIONS
• CompTIA Security+
• IBM Cybersecurity Analyst
Professional Certificate
• Splunk Search Expert
Specialization by Coursera
• Vulnerability Management
Specialist by Qualys
• DDOS Attacks & Defenses by
University of Colorado
• Cisco Threat Hunting
Workshop
• Introduction to Microsoft
Azure Cloud Services by
Coursera
• Wireshark Project Certificate by
Coursera
• MITRE ATT&CK Defender by
Cybrary
EDUCATION
M. Ed. - North American University -
Texas, USA - 2021
B.A. in Language and Literature -
Bogazici University - Istanbul, Turkey -
2003
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Detail oriented cybersecurity professional with an excellent work ethic and interpersonal skills, seeking a challenging position related to Information Technology and Cyber Security. I have the CompTIA Security+ certificate and am currently working towards obtaining CEH certification.
PROFESSIONAL HISTORY
Cyber Security Analyst
Solvent Cybersecurity Fairfax, VA September 2021 - Present
● Create and track incidents and requests with an integrated ServiceNow
(SNOW) ticketing system.
● Follow detailed operational processes and procedures to appropriately analyze, escalate, and assist in the remediation of security incidents.
● Liaise with the Company’s Security Operation Center to respond to emerging incidents in a timely manner.
● Perform analysis of log files of Firewall, IPS, IDS, Server, and Proxy via Splunk SIEM solution.
● Analyze PCAP files for Malware analysis and find details of the infected hosts and write IOC on executive summary reports.
● Identify, track, and investigate high-priority threat campaigns, malicious actors with the interest, capability, and TTPs (Techniques, Tactics, and Procedures).
● Analyze and review escalated cases until closure.
● Conduct core information security activities: Security Information and Event Management (SIEM), Malware Detection, Vulnerability Management, Education & Awareness, Open-Source Intelligence (OSINT), Network Monitoring and Log Analysis.
● Monitor and analyze Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) alerts through Splunk and identify security incidents for remediation and investigation.
● Document all activities during an incident and provide management with status updates during the life cycle of the incident.
● Provide information regarding intrusion events, security incidents, and other threat indications and warning information to the client. English Language Instructor
- Tishk International University Erbil, Iraq September 2013 - June 2021
- Stirling Education Erbil, Iraq September 2010 - June 2013
● Planned, taught, evaluated English courses.
● Prepared materials for the classroom including online teaching via zoom.
● Managed extracurricular activities, produced and edited videos and posted on university website.
● Planned school fundraising activities and fieldtrips.
● Prepared PowerPoint presentations and presented at student/parents seminars.
Contact this candidate