DD Dejene Desta
Silver Spring, MD • 240-***-**** • adts1h@r.postjobfree.com • LinkedIn
CYBERSECURITY ENGINEER/ANALYST – T HREAT DETECTION EXPERTISE
Dynamic Cybersecurity Engineer/Analyst adept at improving cybersecurity capabilities supporting large-scale data to maximize safety, preservation of property and information security.
Strategic in recommending new threat feeds and tools to help evolve automated threat capabilities as well as aid in forensic and historical investigations.
Expertly evaluate cybersecurity threat actors, capabilities and techniques to determine appropriate controls, tactics and methods to remediate and mitigate threats. Demonstrates balanced judgment under pressure, coordinating efforts among multiple business units during response. CORE COMPETENCIES
Cybersecurity Monitoring • Security Event Analysis • Trend & Potential Threat Identification • Forensic Analysis Security Incident Triage, Response & Coordination • Incident Response Automation • Cyber Policy Defensive Measure Design • Information, Systems & Network Protection • Data Analytics Strategy National Institute of Standards & Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework • Multisource Threat Analysis Cyber Threat Indicators & Mitigation • Cyber Threat Intelligence Awareness Programs • Forensic Collections Intrusion Correlation & Tracking • Direct System Remediation • Digital Evidence Analysis PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
CYBERSECURITY ENGINEER – Cyber Zeb Consulting & Training Center 2021 – Present, Arlington, VA Assess computer systems, networks, and software systems for vulnerabilities. Design and implement security solutions to strengthen systems against breaches. Provide technical security training to internal teams. Perform network security monitoring and incident response. Monitor and analyze Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS), Intrusion Prevention Systems (IPS), and Security Information and Event Management (SIEM). Identify and address potential, successful, and unsuccessful intrusion attempts and compromises. Select Accomplishments:
Prevented breaches for 10+ networks, computer and software systems by collaborating with team and clients to analyze vulnerabilities and design solutions ensuring healthy functioning and preventing hacking and security breaches.
Saved 50-75% time and outsourcing expenditure by training 15 internal client team members to secure internal network and computer system functioning.
GUEST SERVICE & IT SUPPORT SPECIALIST – Hilton Worldwide 2012 – 2019, Washington, DC Provided technical support and troubleshooting to company departments and employees. Administered database recording, updating and modification. Installed, uninstalled, and upgraded computer software. Assisted with networking services. Answered customer questions and provided local information. Facilitated local tours and site-seeing for national and international customers. Select Accomplishments:
Improved time series record keeping, change monitoring and achievement tracking capabilities of the company by updating 75% of existing database systems and creating five guest experience databases over seven years, managing and administering 100% of company computers and networking facilities.
Helped company become one of top 25 best hospitality se service providers in QA evaluation for four years (2015-2018) according to The American Standards Institute (ANSI), by improving data recording Dejene Desta • 240-***-**** • adts1h@r.postjobfree.com
and information management trends by updating 75% of existing database systems and creating five guest experience databases over seven years, managing 100% of computers and networking facilities
Contributed to 60% increase in annual sale attracting guests traveling to Washington, DC by providing organized local and tourist info for >25% of travelers located locally and internationally. DATA ANALYST & BI DEVELOPER – Targeted Technology Institute 2016 – 2019, Silver Spring, MD Created reports and dashboards with interactive visualizations in Power BI, Tableau and SSRS. Validated existing analytic systems and designed new ones for diverse sources of data to achieve targeted outcomes. Created processes for analyzing structured and unstructured data to discover trends and patterns. Analyzed business requirements and built conceptual, logical, and physical data models. Created T-SQL programs like stored procedures, user-defined functions, indexes, views, constraints, and triggers. Wrote complex queries using joins, aggregate functions, and sub-queries. Developed relational and multidimensional OLAP data warehouses by creating schema for data warehouse and data mart. Select Accomplishments:
Improved 50%+ of targeted clients time serious reports presentation and visualization quality for five clients by developing seven reports and interactive dashboards using Power BI, Tableau and SSRS platforms.
Saved 35%+ annual consultancy cost and reduced nearly 70% processing time by validating three existing analytical systems and playing prominent role developing three new techniques for better performance of client companies future functioning.
IT SUPPORT OFFICER – TASSC International 2011 – 2015, Washington, DC Developed database. Created processes for analyzing structured and unstructured data. Analyzed large amounts of information to discover trends. Assisted external consultants in validating existing system for data analysis and design of new system to accommodate diverse sources of data to achieve targeted outcomes. Developed visualizations, reporting and dashboards with Power BI. Deployed visualizations to Power BI Services. Select Accomplishments:
Improved 100% of information management systesm by developing two database systems for organization and implementing new company-wide work and database management strategies.
Saved 50% of data collection, processing and handling annual expediture by designing new way of collecting, recording, analyzing and automating reporting systems to track achievements. PREVIOUS POSITIONS as FOOD SECURITY PROJECT SENIOR OFFICER at Catholic Relief Services (CRS), POSITION PROGRAM COORDINATOR at World Vision, and SENIOR STATISTICIAN at Central Statistics Agency (CSA). CERTIFICATIONS & T RAINING
CYBER SECURITY ANALYST (CYSA+) – Computing Technology Industry Association (COMPTIA) 2021 SECURITY+ – Computing Technology Industry Association (COMPTIA) 2021 IT FUNDAMENTALS (ITF+) – Computing Technology Industry Association (COMPTIA) 2020 CYBER SECURITY ASSOCIATE – Towson University 2020
DATABASE ADMINISTRATION – Sholla Corporation 2014
CERTIFICATE IN DATABASE MANAGEMENT & BI TECHNOLOGY – Targeted Technology Institute 2016 EDUCATION
POSTGRADUATE DEGREE, RURAL AND LAND ECOLOGY SURVEY – International Institute for Aerospace & Earth Sciences (ITC) Enschede, Netherlands BACHELOR OF SCIENCE, AGRICULTURAL ECONOMICS – Alemaya University Addis Ababa, Ethiopia
Contact this candidate