Jonathon Darm
Security Analyst

LinkedIn•
Wesley Chapel, Florida
Former Top Secret/SCI Clearance
Summary
Dynamic leader with over 20 years of military experience in law enforcement, incident response, and conducting investigations. Proficient in various security methodologies including SIEM, IDS/IPS, Firewall Solutions, TCP/IP Protocols, Wireshark, and cyber kill chain. Resourceful in, analysis and investigation, OSI model, common internet protocols and applications, identifying threats, and troubleshooting in complicated environments. Adaptable to emerging technologies and industry-related software, tools, and best practices.
Technical Skills
Crowdstrike AV
Microsoft Azure
Microsoft O365
Active Directory
Fortinet
WithSecure
Data Research
Windows 7
Windows 8
Security Incident Mitigation
Windows 10
Windows Server 2012
Windows 11
Windows Server 2016
Data Research
Cisco FirePOWER

Career Experience
Defendedge, Chicago, IL
Security Operations Analyst, (2022-Present)
Responsible for monitoring and analyzing an organization's security posture, identifying potential threats, and implementing measures to mitigate risk. Specialized in proactive network monitoring for 40 clients and businesses. Knowledge in identifying and analyzing suspicious events with the ability to manage sensitive materials. Able to use various security tools to perform logs and packet analysis. Performs malware analysis with the overall objective to ensure confidentiality, integrity and availability of the systems, networks, and data.
Remediated security incidents under defined SLA, executed endpoint security monitoring, event triage, and incident response improving detection and response to advanced threats.
Monitored and analyzed EDR, RDR, Cisco AMP, Microsoft O365, FortiAnalyzer, SIEM, Firepower, and Crowdstrike environments to identify security issues for remediation.
Selected to train and mentor Junior Analysts to assist with their professional development goals, facilitated training, assessments, and curriculum development implementing benchmarks for adult learning theories/models that boosted instructional/learning strategies.
Provided support to 40 clients and other Defendedge support teams for any troubleshooting that may be necessary.
US Army 2002 – 2022
Senior Enlisted Law Enforcement Advisor, Jordan (2021-2022)
Advise senior leadership on strategic initiatives to coordinate operational excellence, services, integration, and installations in Jordan. Govern $300k in government property and assign/deploy resources including risk mitigation services. Coach/mentor in analysis, integration, and synchronization of operations.
Secured funding for multi-million-dollar security projects after recognizing numerous potential threats after conducting over 20 Vulnerability Assessments.
Established investigations and patrol procedures for four bases by developing/implementing several SOPs.
Boosted security and nurtured strategic relations with emergency services to improve safety for >3k personnel.
Improved communications by 100%, delivering clear communications across installation by re-engineering communications with new radios/equipment.
Assistant Operations Manager, Savannah, GA, USA (2018-2020)
Formulated and delivered staff workflow and support. Performed research to devise and execute operational contingency plans, coordinate administrative duties, and update/capture data across numerous digital systems. Coordinate key team projects/events including Ranger Challenge (competition from all 39 universities), Annual Training Guidance, and Battalion OIPs/SAVs (Office Inspection Program/Staff Assisted Visits).
Maintained tactical control of 277 personnel records across five states and two territories with 100% accuracy and timely reporting.
Leveraged expertise to deliver mentorship 39 Universities in training and ammunition management.
Improved overall performance and efficiency by 75% by overhauling systems and SOPs.
Researched new and evolving methodologies with potential impact to current systems and operations.
Squad Leader, Fort Stewart, GA, USA (2017-2018)
Spearheaded development and implementation of strategic initiative to coordinate training, discipline, morale, health, and welfare for 12 personnel. Devised and executed training strategies to direct and oversee operations, basic skills, ad hoc duties, and regulate quality. Maintained tactical control of organization property/resources valued at $3M.
College Instructor, Tampa, Florida, US (2014-2017)
Collaborated with faculty to facilitate classes and conduct best practice research to identify/implement benchmarks for adult learning theories/models that boost instructional/learning strategies. Served as mediator between students and faculty. Reported on learners’ performance and educational progress. Resolved student issues/concerns with faculty to aid struggling learners and/or address behavioral issues. Managed student records/database, documenting learner progress, attendance, and teachers notes. Developed and implemented lesson plans and curriculum to facilitate teaching >200 training/skills programs. Instructed >200 hours of curriculum to 80 students.
Criminal Investigator, Fort Bliss, TX, US (2012-2014)
Validated and reviewed reports for accuracy and coordinated operational excellence for program utilized to detect and deter crime. Supervised interviews, investigations, and operations of sensitive nature as well as developed/implemented plans. Achieved 97% solve rate and completed >800 drug investigations. Devised and executed eight counter-narcotics missions that resulted in apprehensions of 23 Soldiers and seizure of >$30K worth of illegal substances. Collaborated with training investigative partners from partner nations and agencies.
Recognized and appointed by leadership as the NCOIC of the Drug Suppression Team for unsurpassed attention to detail in Criminal Investigation Division training for OJT Agents, directed >40 personnel and selected over six senior individuals.
Cultivated and nurtured relations with numerous Federal Law Enforcement Agencies by serving as liaison in planning, coordination, and execution of >20 search warrants on establishments conducting illicit narcotic activity.
Selected as the Army Criminal Investigation Command's representative to the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center to train nine other federal investigative agencies from five countries.
Conducted criminal intelligence analysis, identifying threats, trends, and activities keeping the Fort Bliss community of over 100k personnel safe earning accolades from the Commanding General.
Additional Experience
Military Police Squad Leader, Fort Bliss, TX, US
Corrections Watch Commander, Camp Humphreys, South Korea
Section Chief, Fort Sill, Oklahoma, USA
Section Chief, Austin, Texas, USA
Ammunition Specialist, Baumholder, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany
Technical Proficiencies
MS Office (PowerPoint, Outlook, Excel, Word) MS Teams
Education
Bachelor of Science (BSc.) in Organizational Leadership and Learning
University of Louisville, Kentucky
Licenses & Certifications
CompTIA A+, CompTIA
CompTIA Security+, CompTIA
Fortinet Network Security Expert Level 1-3: Certified Associate
Curriculum Coordinator/Instructional Supervisor, US Army
Instructor, US Army
Master Resiliency Trainer, US Army
Sexual Harassment/Assault Response Coordinator, US Army
Anti-Terrorism Officer Course, US Army
Physical Security, US Army
Contact this candidate