DAVID CAPDEVILLE
*** **** ***** *******, ** adtvsk@r.postjobfree.com - 469-***-****

TECHNICAL SUMMARY
Hardware:
Servers: IBM and Hitachi CMOS, IBM AS400, OS/390, IBM 3800 and 3900 series, RS/6000, AMDAHL, Tandem, Windows 2003, 2007 server and other medium to large capacity servers.
Tape Systems: SILO/MAGSTAR and VTS, Symantec Enterprise Vault
Firewalls: Juniper, Barracuda
Workstations: HP, IBM, COMPAQ desktops and laptops.
Production Control: CA7, CA11, Control-M.
Mainframe Applications: MVS, ACF2, MainView, VPS, CICS, JCL, SAR, VTAM, TSO/ISPF, SDSF
Software:
Desktop Operating Systems: Windows NT, 3x, 9x, 2000 XP.
Protocols: TCP/IP, IPX/SPX, FTP.
Network Management: NetView, DOS, Reflections, VPN, Citrix ICA Client,
Desktop Applications: MS-Excel, MS-Word, Active Directory,
Distributed Applications: UNIX-AIX, SUN Solaris and Tivoli
Helpdesk Software: Remedy Maximo.
Internet Tools: Internet Explorer, Nescape Navigator.
GroupWare/Email: Lotus Notes, Outlook, GroupWise

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
LHP Hospital Group – Plano, Texas
Control Access Analyst
Jan. 2015 – Present
Worked closely with business and technical units across the company to create, modify, or terminate user access to various computer systems and applications.
Perform analysis of employee access to ensure it is commensurate with the user's job responsibilities and that the access within and across applications does not result in any segregation of duties conflicts.
Utilized company’s processes which are designed to maintain consistency of access controls for all applications.
Created, modified, and removed user access to: Active Directory, Microsoft Exchange, McKesson Paragon, McKesson (Horizon) Patient Folder, BMC Workstations, MPF, FormFast and other McKesson products, EC2000 etc..
Monitored and analyzed changes to the firm's application inventories that impact current access control procedures
Executed audit procedures for the company’s applications to verify that application access is accurate and removed access if no longer required.
Created/updated procedures to ensure accuracy of access control creation and maintenance processes.

Bank of America – Addison, Texas
System Analyst/DTS Analyst
April 2014 – Dec 2014
Created excel spreadsheet to log and monitor daily request
Identified possible production failure scenarios, created incident tickets, enhancements and/or problem tickets in ticket tracking system, and communicated effectively with development and internal business operations teams.
Took ownership of escalations and performed trouble shooting, analysis, research and resolution using advanced query and programming skills.
Consulted with end users to determine optimal configuration of equipment and applications. Worked on problems of minimal scope where analysis of situation or data requires a review of identifiable factors.
Worked directly with the bank's external customers to coach them through the transmission setup process.
Worked directly with the bank's internal lines of business (LOBs) to resolve any issues that develop between DTS transmission platforms and LOB application platforms during the transmission setup process.
Built, tested and installed new transmission paths into and out of bank.
Participated in transmission problem triage (level 2 supports).
Analyst working directly with external customers and internal Lines Of Business to build, install, follow up and test new transmission paths into and out of the Bank.
Set up jobs for Batch Scheduling on the Mainframe to move to production.
Built jobs for the job scheduler making sure the CA7, CTC, JCL and Agent-rule is built correctly.
Analyzed failures and took ownership, identified the issues causing failures and fix it for restart for completion.

Bank of America – Addison, Texas
Network Security Analyst
April 2012 – Aug 2013
Used Citrix 6.0 to asses BOA’s proprietary applications
Responsible for processing request via an Oracle Information Management (OIM) system by provisioning and de-provisioning user data access.
Worked remediate security incidents by interfacing with internal customer teams and LOB
Used Maximo and remedy enterprise-class ticketing system to manage and maintain SLA’s agreed with our customers.
Maintained and operated a variety of security measures and software that monitors and controls access to system resources.
Possess an extensive knowledge of the Distributed File System (DFS) within active directory to grant data access to user domain accounts in varies OU structures.
Created, modified, and deleted User ID’s for system access across multiple platforms.
Monitored, analyzed, troubleshot, and resolved escalated security issues for mid-range and mainframe systems, applications, RFAC, and interfaces across platforms.
Administered, optimized, and enhanced security for multi-platform infrastructure, Active Directory, AD (Active Roll Server), Lotus Notes, and Mainframe servers.
Experience with Share Permission, Share Creations and Modifications. Remote connect into servers to evaluate access.
Communicated with data owners, line of business, managers and engineers to discuss remediation of open shares. Met with line of business for discussion, recommendations and approval on remediation access. Closed open access or shared permissions on server 2000/2008.
Created necessary security groups in active directory.

North Texas Municipal Water District - Wylie, Texas
Senior Operation Network Security Technician
May 2009 - April 2012
Experience configuring, set-up, support, monitoring, and troubleshooting Microsoft Exchange 2007
Experience in Microsoft Exchange 2007 email setting new user email accounts. Managing an Exchange system with 1200 + user mailboxes
Experience configuring and maintaining Exchange Client access to support Web mail, Outlook
Answered incoming inquiries, responded to users questions and solved problems according to standardize procedures while maintaining a courteous manner.
Monitored Citrix 6.0 Remote user access,
Used Citrix 6.0 to set up software application
Used Citrix 6.0 to resolve user logon issues / load balancing
Interacted with end users concerning virus, spam, and any other information security issues. Monitored Windows Server operations: server hardware, applications and processing
Monitored and proactively responded to alerts from automated system monitors to restore service Monitor and process tape production via automated tape libraries. Prepare and distribute tapes for offsite storage. Also completed weekly FTP processes.
Ensured and enforced fulfillment of standard processes (ITIL), policies and procedures for end user technology platforms, including hardware, software and user setups
Monitored and maintained all backup infrastructure including servers, tape libraries, and disk arrays
Opened, updated, closed and monitored Remedy Trouble Tickets within the SLA
Managed and troubleshot security systems - Firewall, Antivirus, SPAM and Web Protection (Barracuda and Juniper with some Cisco experience)
Monitored and maintained all backup infrastructure including servers, tape libraries, and disk arrays.
Coordinated with vendors on issues with software, hardware, or the interaction between the two.
Proficient in the setup and installation of current Windows Desktop OS (Windows 7/8/8.1 and above). Proficient in the setup and installation of Microsoft Office applications (Office 2007, 2013).
Installed, configured and repaired their printers and multi-processor controlled, TCP/IP interfaced systems running on Windows XP and Window7.
Installed, configured, and troubleshot software for use over a TCP/IP network.
Performed or assisted in physical inventory activities as directed
Ensured that hardware and software assets are tracked appropriately and analyze and reconcile the resulting data in Service Now.
Responsible for receiving, tagging, storing, tracking and deployment of IT equipment
Used Maximo and remedy enterprise-class ticketing system. Manage and maintain SLA’s agreed with our customers.
Provided computer / network support relating to software and hardware problems reported by users. Maintain an adequate level of knowledge of operating system and application software being used to provide high levels of support.
Installed and troubleshot new software applications and hardware on the LAN as directed by the Network Administrator.
Assembled, configured and maintained client, server and related hardware.
Added and maintained users on the network, assigning application access, and ensuring security by working with firewalls and network security.
Participated in team meetings, providing input and suggestions. Gather bid prices on equipment and supplies as directed.
Repaired and replacement of all network hardware as directed.
Carried out other duties as may be assigned or requested. Providing system and network support to over 10 office locations with over 50 branch locations.
Provided desktop support for 300-450 users. Including creating and maintaining user accounts and permission levels, password reset using Active Directory.
Worked remotely/onsite with customers to resolve basic issues and engineer solutions to complex problems that small to medium businesses run into on a daily, monthly, and yearly basis.
Installed OS updates and patches as needed. Participate in on call rotation providing after hours and weekend support for password resets, unlocking User ID’s, and troubleshooting ID access problems. Working knowledge /Technical Skills in VMware to help manage and Support the VMware Infrastructure.
Supported products, processes and hardware related to execution of supported Customer's daily business operation.
Experience supporting enterprise applications, including document management (Laser-fiche )

Bank of America - Dallas, Texas
Analyst II-CCO/Data Transmission Support
February 2008 - March 2009
Analyzed user requirements, procedures, and problems to automate processing or to improve existing computer system.
Conferred with personnel of organizational units involved to analyze current operational procedures, identify problems, and learn specific input and output requirements, such as forms of data input, how data is to be summarized, and formats for reports. Systems, applications and protocols consist of Lpar, ARP, ACH, IAR and HTTP.

Home Interiors and Gifts – Carrollton, Texas
Computer Analyst
February 2005 – February 2008
Monitored Open-view applications and system alerts and attend to them proactively
Used CA-7 to Operate and monitors console systems and peripheral equipment
Maintained records and production reports.
Conferred with appropriate engineering and/or applications development area(s) to restore service
Ensured that all phases of support are coordinated, monitored, logged, tracked, and resolved
Troubleshot and supported computer/network relating to software and hardware problems reported by users.
Monitored Windows Server operations: server hardware, applications and processing
Monitored and proactively responded to alerts from automated system monitors to restore service
Scheduled Control-M jobs and order forcing them into active job queue as required
Opened, updated, closed and monitored Remedy Trouble Tickets within the SLA
Prepared severs for weekly maintenance and complete daily check sheets
Escalated job abends to application support team as per abend documentation.
Used CA-7 to perform rerun, restarted, hold, released, ordered and forced based on documentation and requirement. Production Support: Monitored hardware, OS, networks, or batch processing via standard monitoring tools, submitted and monitored production jobs, Confirmed successful completion of system backups. Operated and monitored console systems and peripheral equipment, such as printers, and restored routine technical service and peripheral equipment.
Maintained awareness of migration schedules, monitor migration progress and timing and report on migrations that exceed outage window.
Monitored and processed tape production via automated tape libraries. Prepare and distribute tapes for offsite storage. Also completed weekly FTP processes.
Ensured and enforced fulfillment of standard processes (ITIL), policies and procedures for end user technology platforms, including hardware, software and user setups
Monitored and maintained all backup infrastructure including servers, tape libraries, and disk arrays

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Advanced PC Repair, Help Desk Support, Network Support, V-LAN Configuration, Active Directory, Printer Support, Phone Systems, Camera Systems, Full Office Installs, Barracuda/Juniper Firewalls, Windows Server 2007 SP1, Proprietary Software Support, Billing In-code Support, Router Configuration, DHCP & DNS Configuration, VMware, Elevating Tickets using, Network Testing, Exchange Server 2007 SP1, 24/7 Work Environment, Network Support, Network Monitoring, Onsite Support

EDUCATION
Southern University A&M College - Baton Rouge, LA
Bachelor of Business Administration and Management
Contact this candidate