JEAN-CARLO GIOVANNI BRANCA
Rifle,CO *****
Mobile: 720-***-****
Email: adtvlo@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

Intelligence Professional formerly cleared for Top Secret (TS) information and granted access to sensitive compartmented information (SCI) based on single scope background investigation completed on 17 December 2012. Active Counterintelligence Polygraph.

Seeking a challenging position within any professional workforce that will enable me to utilize my strong organizational skills, experience and ability to work well with other like-minded Professionals.

I am flexible and available at all times and able to relocate, deploy, train, or travel. I am available for all hours and shifts and ready to start immediately.

Currently aspiring to find a challenging yet rewarding position where I can expand my skill set and contribute to the team. I am currently in school for a bachelor’s degree in Biochemistry and Neuroscience. I hope to proceed to medical school to acquire my D.O (Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine). My goal in life is to learn as much as I can to help as many people as I can in the process.

Any career that provides a challenge and an opportunity to learn is a tight fit for me.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES

Highly skilled Intelligence and Security Office Professional with knowledge and skills in the proper handling of classified material, applies subject matter knowledge in intelligence and security to provide guidance and oversee intelligence and security operations and answer concerns which may arise.
Excellent working knowledge of MS Office tools, SharePoint, and Cloud based security tools.
Excellent organizational, verbal and written communication skills combined with powerful presentation skills and a disciplined approach to all tasks when interacting with various agencies.
Highly developed sense of attention to detail and the ability to anticipate potential obstacles and overcome them correctly in order to prevent mishandling of classified materials, identify security and intelligence program shortfalls.
Excellent research and analysis abilities proven in direct support to combat operations
Excellent disseminator of relevant intelligence during high-echelon briefings to contribute to the decision-making process.
Knowledge of regularly applied principles in intelligence and security arenas
Proficient in Palantir, JIDO, and other information database systems.
Trained Document and Media Exploitation (DOMEX) equipment/software operator with the ability to exploit and analyze data to build a cohesive intelligence picture on global threat networks.
Proficient in DOMEX tools such as: CELLEBRITE, UFED, Physical Analyzer, FTK-Imager, Viking, DC3 Advanced Carver
Highly proficient and skilled security professional..
Fluent in Spanish

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

United States Central Command JIOC Senior Country SME and Threat All Source Intelligence Analyst- Department Task Manager, Scheduler, and production supervisor-CACI International
December 2017–May 2019
All Source Intelligence Analyst for Military Forces. Tasked with the evaluation, analysis, production, quality control, and dissemination of finished intelligence product.
Produced wide range of products that include Summary Intelligence Reports (SIR), Commander’s Executive Intelligence Highlights (CEIH) to fulfill CENTCOM PIRs.
Provided daily input to the Commander’s Update Brief (CUB)
Conducted J2 24 hour Current Intelligence Watch operations and provided daily inputs to Executive Highlights, Commander’s Summary Report, and GRINTSUM.
Responsible for systemic review and cross-referenced of information.
Provided the control of classified military intelligence and documents, ensure confidential and safe handling of documents according to DOD specifications, process incoming reports, messages, and assisted in maintaining intelligence records, files, and situational maps, prepared consolidated reports, maps, overlays, and aerial photographs as needed.
Coordinated and collaborated with other analytical elements, specialized intelligence activities, staffs, intergovernmental agencies in a Joint Interagency, Intergovernmental, and Multinational (JIIM) environment as required.
Managed division level production in CENTCOM J2. Coordinated, tracked, and managed approximately 50-100 intelligence production taskers in a multi-agency effort to drive operations in the CENTCOM AOR.
Converted previously extracted information through various extraction methods into intelligence contributing to long term intelligence products.
Maintained administrative records of the Division Chief and approximately 30 analysts.
Coordinated the production and delivery of numerous sensitive projects to contribute to answering the commander’s requirements for the area of responsibility.
Utilized a wide variety of analytical tools to analyze large amounts of data in order to successfully produce a useful intelligence product.

Senior Counter Drug and Threat Intelligence Analyst, Forensic Exploitation Analysis Center-Joint Task Force-Bravo J2, Soto Cano
December 2016–October 2017
Lead all source intelligence analyst for Counter Transnational Organized Crime program. Tasked with the collection, evaluation, analysis, production, quality control, and dissemination of finished intelligence product.
Coordinated daily collections efforts and manage workload for a 4 person analytical section.
Produced 7 to 10 analytical reports weekly with over 400 Intelligence Summaries to date which have resulted in establishing a comprehensive working relationship with law enforcement agencies and positive effects on operations in the SOUTHCOM Area of Responsibility.
Provided daily input to the Commander’s Update Brief (CUB)
Created the Joint Intelligence Preparation of the Operational Environment Product (JIPOE) and update monthly.
Responsible for target intelligence collection and dissemination in support for JTF-B, which includes Human Intelligence (HUMINT), Geospatial Intelligence (GEOINT), and Signals Intelligence (SIGINT).
Responsible for systemic review and cross-referenced of information.
Provided the control of classified military intelligence and documents, ensure confidential and safe handling of documents according to DOD specifications, process incoming reports, messages, and assisted in maintaining intelligence records, files, and situational maps, prepared consolidated reports, maps, overlays, and aerial photographs as needed.
Coordinated and collaborated with other analytical elements, specialized intelligence activities, staffs, intergovernmental agencies in a Joint Interagency, Intergovernmental, and Multinational (JIIM) environment as required.
Created multiple profiles for T3Ns utilizing Palantir and JIDO information systems
Participated in the establishment of the Forensic Exploitation and Analysis Center on JTF-B Soto Cano.
Served as JTF-B J2 DOMEX liaison for Special Operations Command SOUTH FWD .
Assisted in SIA interviews by providing information acquired through DOMEX.
Coordinated and provided JTF-B J2X personnel with relevant intelligence to illuminate T3Ns.
Received, extracted, and reported information from approximately 50-100 seized devices to contribute to successful interagency and law enforcement operations.
Coordinated with SOUTHCOM Identity and Forensics Department to establish the FEAC in Central America.
Communicated regularly with interagency partners to illuminate the FEAC capability in Central America.
Trained replacement personnel on the operability and applicability of DOMEX equipment and software (CELLEBRITE, UFED, Physical Analyzer, FTK-Imager, Viking, DC3 Advanced Carver).
Assisted SOCFWD elements to provide training to foreign partners on the integration of sophisticated surveillance and reconnaissance equipment to enhance border security.
United States Southern Command Senior Country SME Threat Intelligence Analyst B Co, 377th MI BN (RGN OPS) Miami, FL
September 2012 –December 2016
Collection, evaluation, analysis, production, and dissemination of all-source intelligence. Advised on the use and employment of intelligence resources within the section.
Coordinated daily collections efforts and manage workload for a 4 person analytical section.
Produced 7 to 10 analytical reports weekly with over 400 Intelligence Summaries (INTSUM) to date which have resulted in establishing a comprehensive working relationship with law enforcement agencies and positive effects on operations in the SOUTHCOM Area of Responsibility.
Provided daily input to the Commander’s Update Brief (CUB).
Created the Joint Intelligence Preparation of the Operational Environment Product (JIPOE) for CENTAM countries and updated monthly.
Created the Order of Battle for Brazil within the JIPOE.
Lead all-source intelligence team encompassing 3 analysts to advise the Section Chief on foreign situations, capabilities, vulnerabilities, weather, and terrain.
Provided quality control for intelligence production within the team and produced by the team and information accuracy in the development of the monthly Intelligence Summaries, Mid-Year Intelligence Reviews, and End of Year Reviews.
Responsible for the creation and dissemination of the Joint Intelligence Preparation of the Operations Environment product for US Army South
US ARMY Platoon Sergeant and 1SG- 2018-2020
Lead a group of 80-100 Military Intelligence Soldiers
Managed tasks from brigade and completed all tasks with a metric of high performance.
Soldiers in my platoon were the most combat ready, best physical fitness the the Batallion and highest commendation for successful intelligence operations.
Managed the requirements and concerns of all 100 Soldiers to meet their needs on time.
Successfully promoted 3 Soldiers to a higher rank due to outstanding performance.
Organized several company events and moral boosting mandatory fun days.

Allied Universal Security Officer- Miami Dade County Government Contract-Miami Dade County, Miami, FL- 2014-2016
Provide elite security services for various government buildings.
Monitor advanced CCTV systems and safeguard the health and employees.
Consistently scanned and screened all personnel for valid credentials.
Conducted patrols on foot and in a company vehicle to secure the surrounding area of the building.
Stood guard on foot for 8 hours.
Responded to many incidents as the first responder. Acquired, Created, edited, and submitted many critical incident reports and engaged with management to present the occurrence and how it was handled.
Security Industry Specialists- Security Operations Center- SOC Agent or Dispatcher Miami Dade County, Miami, FL- 2014-2016
Monitored advanced CCTV equipment for any malicious and criminal activity
Ensured the safety of employees and of visiting clients and patrons.
Provided weekly criminal intelligence reports to management
Process daily weather reports to SIS management and to the client..
Regularly engaged with the client for maintenance and security issues.
Ensured smooth and safe security operations during high profile events for highly important people.
Safeguarded a mall which contained well over 3 billion dollars worth of high end merchandise.
Regularly engaged with security personnel on the ground for deployment to incidents and to verify identifies
Coordinated all maintenance operations during events.
Conducted routinely inspections of the CCTV equipment functionality.
Utilized radios for continuous communication with security officers on the ground and with maintenance personnel..
Regularly worked with partner law enforcement to conduct several arrests and detainments of suspicious people or those caught with the CCTV cameras in the act if commuting a crime.

Blends: A Coffee Boutique- Lead Barista- Savannah, GA- 2019-2020
Served a wide variety of gourmet coffee beverages.
Provided amazing customer service while serving clients their products.
Rapid service for the client was a big factor in employment with Blends.
Serving a wide range of coffee types meant the barista needed to remember each individual recipe and how to serve it properly and give to the client.
Supervised other baristas to ensure customer satisfaction.
Assisted management with schedule placement and coverage
Assisted management with call outs and sick days.
Remained on an on call status.

.

EDUCATION

A.A., U.S. Army Military Intelligence School, Cochise College (PAST)
August 2013

B.A., Biochemistry and Neuroscience, Georgia Southern University (Current)
August 2019

A.A Software engineering and development, Colorado Mesa University (Current)

MILITARY AND CIVILIAN TRAINING

January 2013-March 2013: Basic Combat Training
March 2013-August 2013: Advanced Individual Training: Military Intelligence School: Intelligence Analyst (35F).
November 2013: Military Intelligence Research and Writing Course
December 2016: DCGS-A, Palantir Training, JIDO Systems Training-usage of advanced information collection databases
January 2017: Fundamentals of Document and Media Exploitation Course- forensic analysis and exploitation school.
January 2018: Record Message Traffic Training
January 2018: DIA Analytic Tradecraft Standards Course.
March 2018: Basic Leaders Course-Sergeant School
January 2019: Coliseum and Tasker Management Tool (TMT) Course

References:

Ms. Monica Brooks, JTF-B Soto Cano Security Chief: adtvlo@r.postjobfree.com
MAJ Benjamin Able, Former JTF-B J2 Director Soto Cano: adtvlo@r.postjobfree.com
Mr. Williams, Joseph CENTCOM: adtvlo@r.postjobfree.com
Sandra Miles, Program Human Resources, Task Lead,
Melissa Cacciatore, Task Lead
Contact this candidate