Saurelle Francine Djoussi Epse Marker
Las Vegas, Nevada, 89113
Cell: 702-***-****)
adu4o9@r.postjobfree.com
OBJECTIVE
I am an IT Professional with expertise in challenging positions in the Information Systems and Technology field, which has provided the opportunity for upward mobility based on quality performance. I have utilized my skills in Cyber Security, Information Security, Intrusion Prevention, Pen Testing, Red Team, Blue Team, Vulnerability Assessments, Risk Assessment, Risk Mitigation, Network Disaster Recovery, and Business Continuity to help organizations succeed in meeting their current needs as well as future expectations.

EDUCATION
Bachelor’s in Art September 2014
IUG University – Cameroun

CERTIFICATIONS
CompTIA Security + ce (Sec+)
Certified Information Security Manager (CISM)

ORGANIZATIONS
ISACA, Las Vegas Chapter
ISC2, Las Vegas Chapter
Information Systems & Project Management Professionals (ISPMP), Las Vegas

WORK EXPERIENCE
Cyber Corps USA – Department of Energy (DOE) – Las Vegas, Nevada
Cyber Security Analyst/Engineer – January 2018-october 2018
Perform Security Tests and Evaluations of information systems in support of a security plan.
Writes basic information system security plans (ISSPs) for unclassified systems.
Complete certification and accreditation of information systems on unclassified systems and networks, assists with the completion and mitigation of security testing and evaluation results.
Design networks and systems with a security focus, ensuring systems are developed in accordance with federal law, customer requirements, certification and accreditation requirements, and industry best practices.
Review purchase requests for technology items and provide input to senior level Cyber Security staff regarding the risk associated with purchases.
Review current Cyber Security threat information and assists the Threat Evaluation Team with mitigating vulnerabilities identified.
Collaborate with other outside Cyber Security interests such as Counterintelligence, other DOE sites, US CERT, and law enforcement.
Assist with data calls, FISMA reporting, compliance scanning and reporting, continuous monitoring and compiling reports for auditors.
Assist in researching, compiling, and analyzing technical data.
Assist the ISSM and ISSOs with the execution of their assigned duties.
Contribute to an overall productive and respectful work environment by providing excellent customer service and working in a positive, collegial manner always. Maintains cooperative and respectful working relationships with Cyber Security Staff, other divisions, and other customers.
Defining system security plans and creating POA&Ms to ensure systems are in line with the Risk Management Framework and NIST standards.
Providing systems engineering support to Agile development teams establishing and maintaining development, integration, and test, as well as production environments.
Manage and administer Windows systems in a VMware, NFS environment.
Review policies and procedures and provide impacts of revisions as necessary.
Installing, configuring, troubleshooting and patching web servers, application servers (Apache Tomcat, IIS), databases (MS SQL) and Java applications in a Windows environment.
Working knowledge of Networking, Storage, and Active Directory.
Managing and administering applications in a Windows domain with PKI authentication.

Use established standards, practices and procedures as well as an increasing technical knowledge to solve problems and complete projects.
Review Cyber Security threat information and assists with mitigating vulnerabilities identified.
Conduct a variety of Cyber Security policy compliance tasks such as discovering unauthorized devices, conducting site surveys for non-compliance, and ensuring network access requirements are met.
Demonstrate a thorough understanding of basic principles, theories, standards, practices, protocols, and procedures used in Cyber Security.
Knowledge of network-based services and client/server applications, familiarity with intrusion detection systems, familiarity with network architecture and security infrastructure placement.
Use network scanning and vulnerability tools and interpret the results.
Review and validate remediation efforts of vulnerability scan results.
Maintain strict confidentiality.
Communicate effectively in English, both verbally and in writing, sufficient to communicate with co-workers, and customers, testify, write clear and concise reports, gather information, and collect data.
Use multiple electronic devices, including standard office machines, cellular phones, and security appliances.
Understanding of encryption technologies, identity, and authentication technologies.
Articulate highly technical processes and information to a non-technical audience.
Meet the physical requirements to perform all assigned duties safely and effectively.
Prime Tech Associates, Remote – Las Vegas, Nevada
Information Security and Network Analyst – January 2019 – present
Created Web application vulnerability assessments following OWASP
Pentest web applications performed password cracking using air crack-ng, Hydra, John the Ripper
Utilize Nessus /Tenable to Scan web applications for vulnerabilities and viruses
Deployed, configured, and customized on Linux, and Windows systems.
Test Software applications and servers for vulnerabilities before deploying them to the network
Identifies security risks, threats, and vulnerabilities of networks, systems, applications, and new technology initiatives.
Provides technical support in the development and testing.
Monitored, configured, scanned/Patch Network TCP/IP, DNS, Telnet, and DHCP.
Utilize Nessus, Nmap, Web Inspect, and Microsoft Surface Analyzer toolset to Scan all ports, access points, devices and software on the network.
Managed/Secured and Scanned devices, software, and web applications following NIST 800-53 protocol & FIPS 140-2
Support security assessments [SA&A] and Certification and Accreditation [C&A] activities) and audit
Identify, manage, and develop a Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M) and mitigation strategies for potential vulnerabilities
Managing and administering applications in a Windows domain with PKI authentication.
Debugging complex enterprise systems including clients, servers, routers, databases in a variety of configurations.
Coordinating and advising CIO on best practices and matters of Cyber Security.
Manage the continuous monitoring phase which includes monitoring and mitigating POAM and conducting self-assessments.
Develop IT security policies, guidelines and procedures for companies to reflect their respected IT governance adherence.
Assist in the writing and review of organizational security policies to support internal control (access management, contingency planning and testing, security awareness, intrusion detection, patch management, anti-virus, etc.)
Classification and categorization of Information Systems using the RMF processes to ensure system Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability.
Conducts complex security architecture analysis to evaluate and mitigate issues. Develops policies and procedures for securing the system infrastructure and applications.
Develops complex technical and programmatic assessments, evaluates engineering and integration initiatives, and provides complex technical support to assess security policies.
Created vulnerability risk assessments for in-house, COTS, and 3rd party applications.
Utilize Wireshark, and Nessus to Pen-test, and Experience with security assessment tools such as Metasploit, and/or Netcat, Nikto, and Burp Suite.
Utilize McAfee EPolicy/End Point Protection Suite administration, including virus protection, HIDS/HIPS, firewall, encryption and other workstation security technologies.
Address known exploits using the Host Intrusion Prevention System (HIPS) also, configured, monitored, installed, and updated the application as well.
Denied/Approved Software applications after testing the software for vulnerabilities and malware.
Operation of firewalls, intrusion detection systems, enterprise anti-virus and software deployment tools.
Perform day-to-day activities required to distribute application/software/patch packages and deploy operating systems using BigFix to end-user hardware.
Utilize BigFix for Software Usage and Analyze Operating Systems Deployment and Bare Metal Imaging and Software Distribution.
Utilize BigFix for Security and Compliance (SCA) Vulnerability Management, Configuration Management and Patch Management.
Install, Troubleshoot, and Monitor ASP.NET Web Applications.
Utilize PowerShell, and SCCM for scripting, Imaging Windows OS, 7 & 10 machines.
Manage and monitor the ticketing system, ensuring tickets are completed promptly
Manage system backup Manage email, spam, and virus protection Administer servers, desktop computers, printers, ro Resolve technical problems with LANs, WANs, network segments, internet, intranet, and other data communication systems, ensure utters, switches, firewalls, phones, personal digital assistants, smartphones, software deployment, security updates, and patches.
Monitor network usage and security and undertake routine preventative measures to ensure network security.
e network connectivity is on par with technical considerations Install, modify, and repair server/computer hardware (cables, hubs, routers, wireless adaptors.) and software.
Manage and maintain VMware virtual server environment
Manage and maintain the VMware virtual client environment
Manage and maintain the SAN/NAS (e.g., NetApp) storage systems
Set up, configure, and maintain hosted environments such as Microsoft Azure and Amazon Web Services.
Manage and maintain Active Directory, User Accounts, Group Accounts, Computer Accounts, DHCP DNS, and Domain Controllers.
Manage and maintain the Microsoft System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM) for server updates as well as for client updates and automated builds and deployments.
Ensure the proper execution of regular system backups
Manage, maintain, and patch Windows/Linux server operating systems and the applications on those servers.
Remain up to date on security concerns and implement solutions as necessary
Oversee and manage the Office 365-based email solution.
CSRA supporting The United States Government Publishing Office – Washington, District of Columbia
Cyber Security Analyst – July 2017-December 2017
• Use SIEM to monitor indicators of compromise, hunt potential threats within the network. Manage SIEM, server upgrades, back and front-end configurations, and application deployments. Create and modify queries to extract time sensitive data.
• Create SIEM applications from terminal
• Perform security operations support including monitoring, remediation, implementation, configuration, planning, encryption, and tracking in compliance with FISMA and other security-related statutes, regulations, rules, and standards.
• Provide proactive and scheduled console monitoring of infrastructure and systems in read-only in near real time (e.g., hardware, network, batch schedule, interfaces, and table spaces), respond to messages, and take corrective action as required.
• Utilize, operate, maintain, configure, secure, support, and update a Government security suite for tracking compliance, and for remote support, shall implement and sustain real-time data feeds and/or access as required by the SOC for security monitoring and analysis, and will provide access to archived security data for forensics and incident discovery.
• Work with the customer to modify and maintain firewall rule sets, implement those rule sets, and monitor the log files as well as the normal operation and maintenance of firewalls.
• Assist the customer in planning and executing the certification and accreditation of its critical systems in compliance with customer, Federal, and NIST guidelines and policies.
• Support both the review of information systems management, physical, and/or technical security controls and depending on the results of the review, the authorization by management for the system to operate.
• Assist the customer in fully complying with all FISMA reporting requirements and other security audits
• Assist in the implementation of comprehensive set of IT security-related operational policies, procedures, and guidelines that will support the customer's mission and ensure compliance with Federal and customer security requirements.
• Through the SOC, operate and maintain a collaborative dashboard where authorized Government personnel can view security-incident data, vulnerability data, compliance data, and security reports and related data.
• Enter and track security incident reports, enter service desk queue data to initiate ticketing in response to security incidents or compliance issues, and manage remediation of detected vulnerabilities by correlating scanning results against asset management data and intrusion detection system (IDS) incident reports.

City Bank Cameroon
Systems Administrator – August 2016 - June 2017
Serve as an initial point of contact via face-to-face and VoIP for troubleshooting hardware/software PC and printer problems, research solutions, and provide solid answers easily understood by all employees.
Assist 100+ employees with computer software errors/issues and conduct problem determination for the Technology areas, including WANs, LANs, PCs, Laptops and configuring printers.
Support over 100+ employees with installing, updating, and maintaining software, network, hardware, and external peripheral equipment.
Receiving project management training to abide by ISO 9000 standards.
Actively backed up company data via the in-house system to create redundancy.
Run diagnostic programs to resolve problems and conduct preventative maintenance on all equipment, including hard drive maintenance and virus and spyware removal.
Document, track and monitor computer problems to ensure a timely resolution.
Review and evaluate corporate policy directives to ensure program compliance.
Execute IT software installments and able to use remote management tools to resolve issues.
Deploy software, installed hardware equipment, and configured and troubleshoot user machines to provide the latest system requirements.
Maintain an inventory and database of IT assets and assists in developing customer support policies, procedures, and standards.
Analyze and report quarterly data using Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint.
Recognized for expertly diagnosing and replacing defective hardware by utilizing new testing tools

REFERENCE
Available Upon Request
Contact this candidate