Stephen Asamoah
:adu62v@r.postjobfree.com 732-***-**** LinkedIn
Bilingual: English, French

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
Adaptable Cybersecurity Professional with hands-on experience with Networking, Windows, and AWS. Exceptional problem-solver with the ability to provide quick resolutions. Strength conveying complex information into common terms. Working towards CompTIA Security+ and Network+ Certifications.

EDUCATION

Name of Institution Newark, NJ
Cybersecurity Certificate July 2021
Direct-training defensive cybersecurity program that covers fundamental networking, cloud, Windows, and Linux security, as well as cyberinfrastructure technologies, incident response, and digital forensics. Prepared for Network+, Security+, LPI Essentials, SSCP, and CySA+ certifications.

Name of Institution Location (City, State)
Bachelor of (Degree Program)

SKILLS & CERTIFICATIONS
Certifications: CompTIA Security+ (October 2021), Network+ (November 2021)
Technology: Foundational Knowledge of Wireshark, HoneyPot, Nessus,
Programming Languages: Foundational knowledge of Python
Operating Systems: Foundational knowledge of Windows 10, Windows 16 Server, Kali Linux, Ubuntu, Debian, Redhat, Centos
Windows Security: Fundamental knowledge of Active Directory, Windows Server, Group Policy, DNS, Shares and Permissions, DHCP, Disk Management, Microsoft Endpoint Security, Security Policy, Microsoft Authentication, Powershell
Networking: Networking fundamentals, Networking, Switch & IOS, IP & Routing, Subnetting, IPv4/6 Static Routing,
Dynamic Routing, VLANs and Trunking, Diagnostics & Troubleshooting, Access Control List, Infrastructure Services,
Cloud: Foundational Knowledge of Cloud Security, Virtualization and Container, and Advanced Cloud Security
Courses: Microsoft Security, Computer Networking, Cloud Security, Linux Security, Network Security, Cyber Technologies, Python, Ethical Hacking, DFIR, Game Theory
Languages: English, French

PROJECT EXPERIENCE

Academic: Built a Windows Server Virtual Machine - Utilized virtualization software to create a virtual machine.
Loaded operating system (Windows Server 2019), and performed basic setup, encrypt username and password.
Ran a test and set up the network. Looked up the IP address and ping virtual machine to ensure a connection was
established.
Installation of WAN NJIT
Scope: Built Wide Area Network (WAN) for a bank branch including three LANs.
●Identified ISP, designed layout for bandwidth, line quality, and hardware
●Built WAN utilizing VPN.
●Utilized Cisco Packet Tracer 7.2.2.
Network Configuration NJIT
Scope: Set up a corporate network and implement security settings for a new bank branch.
●Devised network Topology plan and where to assign the IP address.
●Built VLANs, trunks, and routers to allow multiple stream communication. Arranged switches to communicate with port security and routers to work with OSPF.
●Configured network devices to prevent unauthorized access by securing privilege mode, encrypting passwords, and designed security messaging. Conducted a successful connectivity test.
Network Security NJIT
Scope: Act as a security analyst to protect company communication
●Set up 3 machines: client, host, and threat, established connection and engaged in communication through network requests and emails.
●Imitate a threat to extract info and intercept traffic-utilizing Wireshark.
●Kali.org. Configured firewall using pfSense
Python NJIT
Create a code that receives input, a program that will accept user information
●Create in Pycharm and name it.
●Create input and know what you want input you are going to use for the code.
●Add what you want the machine to say “ Hello_World”
●Create a statement for the desired output (print command will output the result).
●Test/Run to ensure you have the correct output ex: “Hello_World”.
●Established protocols, secured channel in a sandbox environment, translated and encrypted code
Ethical Hacking NJIT
●Use Wireshark to track passwords. Using Windows and Linux, lookup IP addresses. Try to crack passwords by monitoring the flow of traffic
DFIR NJIT
Scope: Performed a forensic investigation within a lab environment using SIFT Workstation & Flare VM. Learned techniques concerning finding “noisy” IP addresses using Zeek to parse pcap Files, filtering techniques, finding malicious files on infected computers/backdoors, investigating malware behavior, and finding secrets.
●Learned about the DFIR Lifecycle
●Able to acquire data from live and dead Windows & Linux systems. (dd, mount, CAINE, FTK, OSFMount, Sysinternals.
●Knowledge in memory-analysis (Volatility), log analysis, and timeline analysis (log parser/Splunk)
●Learned about network forensics (proxy, DNS tunnel, malware).

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Name of Employer, Location Duration (Month Year–Month Year)
Job Title
●Action Verb + Skills Utilized + Result, Outcome, or Impact
●Result, Outcome, or Impact + Action Verb + Skills Utilized
●Result, Outcome, or Impact + Action Verb + Skills Utilized

Name of Employer, Location Duration (Month Year–Month Year)
Job Title
●Result, Outcome, or Impact + Action Verb + Skills Utilized
●Action Verb + Skills Utilized + Result, Outcome, or Impact
●Action Verb + Skills Utilized + Result, Outcome, or Impact
Contact this candidate