Pete Reiman
* ***** ***** ***
Hamburg, NJ
Cell: 862-***-****
Home:973-***-****
adub9j@r.postjobfree.com

Current Business Owner, and IT specialist whose qualifications include a Masters degree in computer science: specializing in IT security along with a detailed knowledge of security tools, technologies and best practices. Eighteen years of experience in the creation and deployment of solutions protecting networks, systems and information assets for diverse companies and organizations.

EXPERIENCE:

Inside Heat Sports and Collectibles LLC Hamburg, NJ Sept 2020 - Current
Owner

Devised and deployed business processes developed to create long term growth and success
Handled financial responsibility including purchasing of personal collections and Keep the Lights on budget.
Contracted with third-party vendors to establish a steady stream of inventory and goods,
Monitored performance indicator metrics such as sales trends and program effectiveness in the POS system software along with internal online programs.
Managed all social media and advertising efforts to increase community awareness of the business and develop a positive reputation.
Worked together with agencies to plan and implement several successful in store celebrity signings

Realogy Corp Madison, NJ April 2014 – March 2020
Deployment Analyst

Consult with stakeholders (multiple brand executive representatives, external vendors, training and help desk teams, technical resources, and project managers) to create and refine the deployment processes for new and existing initiatives.
Consult with real estate brokers and administrators, and third-party vendors to perform software implementation tasks including data analysis, problem identification and communication/escalation as required ensu9ring accurate transmission of data.
Capture key performance indicator metrics such as adoption rate and program effectiveness.
Work together with and assist technical contacts/vendors with creation and implementation of XML files for the purpose of providing data feeds via FTP.
Utilize a variety of tools to perform in depth data analysis of direct listing feeds: Java, MS SQL Server, XML validation, Flat file parsing, MS Access & Excel data tools, etc.
Assisted in the transition to a REST Based API for data transmission from 3rd party vendors.
Modified and improved the onboardings of new brokerages to the API interface and third party data feeds in an effort to maximize their web exposure.

Realogy Corp Madison, NJ October 2010- April 2014.
Senior Network Security analyst

Managed the second level support team for Major brand escalation issues
Maintained SOX compliance with all access controls in accordance with security standards, and Policies.
Liaison with Software developers in Bug tracking, and Vulnerability assessments.
Domain account administration and authorization.
Configurations and troubleshooting of VPN software.
Developed Training Documentation for new hires that would prepare them for usage all system assets, and provided sources of research that boosted first call closure.

Realogy Corp Parsippany, NJ August 2006- Oct 2010.
Network technical support analyst

Handled severity one issues as required including WAN/LAN troubleshooting.
Provided timely, courteous telephone and email support to users on a variety of software applications (MS Office including Word, Excel, Outlook), Internet Explorer, etc.
Troubleshoot connectivity issues including single workstation, printers, entire site/branch, or application using Remote Desktop Connection, VNC Viewer, Citrix XEN desktop, and Microsoft Net meeting.
Supported multiple domains consisting of approximately 40,000+ end users in ctive directory and exchange
Communicated detailed information in Heat ticket system to proper escalation points.
Logical Access Domain account creation policy and procedures by gaining the required approvals from authorized users in accordance with SOX compliance for access.
Assisted in administration of corporate email, and intranet sites.

C3i-Inc Morristown, NJ Dec 2004-Aug 2006.
Help desk analyst

Supported approximately 8000 Remote users on The Johnson & Johnson Network
Troubleshoot VPN and PKI connectivity issues, as well as Hardware, Off the shelf software, and all other technical aspects.
Documented detailed call logging utilizing Siebel software.
Assisted in training of the Global Operations Center Technician
Builds, and repairs of desktops, and laptops
Software installations and upgrades
Performed Data backups, and offsite storage

EDUCATION:

Colorado Tech Online Colorado Springs, Co May, 2012
Master of Science in Management
Concentration Information Systems Security

Colorado Tech Online Colorado Springs, Co Sept, 2010
Bachelors of Science in Information Technology
Concentration Network security

Colorado Tech Online Colorado Springs, Co June, 2009
Associates of Science in Information Technology

Allentown Business School Center Valley, PA December, 2004
Associate in Specialized Technology Degree in
Personal Computers and Network Technology

Allentown Business School Allentown, PA June 2003
Diploma in Local Area Networking Technology

Certification equivalents achieved during education:

Comp TIA Network++ Fundamentals
Client Java Programming
Unix Network Administration
Server Java Programming
Computer Network Telecommunications
Information Systems Security

SKILLS

Network & System Security
Risk Management
Authentication & Access Control
System Monitoring
SQL database
Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity.

Other skills
1. Conducted Risk assessments throughout the SDLC, and created Risk Matrices in accordance.
2. Created Disaster Recovery/Business Continuity documentation.
3. Utilized Access Control with tools such as Active Directory, RAS, Secure
ID and PKI.
4. Developed Project charter, Project Plans, and Job description documents.
5. Performed Computer Builds, and upgrades.

Knowledge in the following Standards, and documentation

DITSCAP/DIACAP, the Orange Book, NIST, STIGS/DISA, PCI
Contact this candidate