+** - 346-***-**** adufpx@r.postjobfree.com
Waqas Latif
CELL: +92-346-*******
E-MAIL: adufpx@r.postjobfree.com
OBJECTIVE
I am a motivated professional, seeking a challenging position to utilize and further develop my skills in the business banking sector. Progression is always at the forefront of my mind and as a very enthusiastic individual, I am eager to seek out personal development in line with meeting the company's objectives.
WORK HISTORY
Business Development Manager
Smart Cities Expo World Forum, Australia
(Lahore Office, Pakistan) (www.smartcitiesexpoworldforum.com) August 2019 – till Present.
Acting as a Business Development Manager my responsibilities are as follows:
Setting goals and developing plans for business and revenue growth by successfully managing the business development team.
Design and implement a strategic business plan that expands company's customer base and ensure its strong presence.
Build and promote strong, long-lasting customer relationships by partnering with them and understanding their needs
Present sales, revenue and expenses reports and realistic forecasts to the management team.
Researching, planning, and implementing new target market initiatives
Researching prospective clients in target markets
Pursuing leads and moving them through the sales cycle
Developing quotes and proposals for prospective clients
Own recruiting, objectives setting, coaching and performance monitoring of sales representatives.
Attending conferences and industry events
Business Development Officer
Mashreq Bank, Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Dec-2018 – June-2019
As a Business Development Officer, I was responsible to:
Develop business banking strategies to on board NTB (New to Bank) clients and preparing business plans to retain the existing clients portfolio assigned to me.
Responsible for promoting Bank’s Retail Banking Products like – Business accounts and through cross-selling of other Retailing Banking products like Business Insurance/FX/Secured Trade.
Identify new local & multinational companies with reputed brand image and sound market presence and well active locally and in the regional market.
+92 - 346-***-**** adufpx@r.postjobfree.com
Business Development Manager
Smart Cities Expo World Forum, Australia
(Lahore Office, Pakistan) (www.smartcitiesexpoworldforum.com) August 2017 –Nov 2018
Acting as a Business Development Manager my responsibilities were as follows:
Setting goals and developing plans for business and revenue growth by successfully managing the business development team.
Design and implement a strategic business plan that expands company's customer base and ensure its strong presence.
Build and promote strong, long-lasting customer relationships by partnering with them and by acquiring new sponsors, exhibitors and attendees.
Present sales, revenue and expenses reports and realistic forecasts to the management team.
Researching, planning, and implementing new target market initiatives.
Researching prospective clients in target markets.
Pursuing leads and moving them through the sales cycle. Senior Relationship Officer
Noor Bank, Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Jul-2016 – Apr 2017
As a senior relationship officer, I was performing following duties:
Responsible for promoting Bank’s Retail Banking Products like – Small & Medium Enterprises Account including cross-selling of other Retailing Banking products i.e. Business Insurance/FX/Secured Trade.
Accountable for the selling of investment and insurance products for Noor Bank.
Offering and fulfilling the needs of Trade & Working Capital facility / Investments / Foreign Exchange Rates to existing and NTB corporate clients.
Ensure quality of portfolio is preserved through regular communication and courtesy calls.
Identify new local & multinational companies with reputed brand image and sound market presence, well active locally and in the regional market. Business Development Officer
Mashreq Bank, Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Feb-2015 – Apr 2016
Charged with delivering revenue growth, market-share expansion, and increased corporate account base of multi-national and international corporate companies, through innovation, planning and leadership of a full spectrum of business development and customer acquisition / retention initiatives.
Identify new local & multinational companies with reputed brand image and sound market presence, well active locally and in the regional market.
Accountable for the selling of investment and insurance products for Mashreq Bank
Responsible for promoting Bank’s Retail Banking Products like – Small & Medium Enterprises Account including cross-selling of other Banking Retailing Banking products Business Insurance/FX/Secured Trade.
Provide truly professional customer service to achieve a high level of customer satisfaction and retention.
+92 - 346-***-**** adufpx@r.postjobfree.com
Junior Auditor
Munawar Associates Chartered Accountants, Lahore Pakistan. Dec 2013- Dec 2014
1. I conducted external audit engagement as Audit team member of an audit client. Where I performed Audit procedures and test of controls to complete audit engagement. 2. AFAQ PUBLISHERS
I worked with my senior in Oracle Implementation and bookkeeping of client’s data. Where we transfer data from client’s old MIS system to Oracle and gave training on Oracle to the Client’s staff.
3. PUNJAB School System (pvt) Ltd.
I also performed Interim External Audit of a Client with my senior and worked on account balances and classes of transaction to obtain sufficient and appropriate audit evidence using audit procedures. Where I also sent confirmation letters to receivables, payables and third parties for balance confirmation.
Relationship Officer
United Bank Limited, Lahore, Pakistan
Mar 2011 – Sep 2013
Responsibilities: Dealt in all kind of Operational work & consumer products including:
Inward Clearing
Outward Clearing
P.O/DD/SDR Issuance
Account Opening
Online Transfers
Utility Bills
Cash Counter (cash receipts & cash paid)
Assistant Team Leader
Telenor Call Center, Lahore, Pakistan
Dec 2008 – Dec 2010
I worked as Assistant at Team Leader at Telenor call center
I achieved 1st position in training.
I worked in Dealers Support Department which is specialized to provide support and give adequate resolution to inquiries of Telenor Sales & Service Centers, franchises and retailers.
I was also appointed as Senior Team Member in Easy Paisa help line services.
I also achieved twice CRO of the month title because of my greeting, best resolution to customers’ queries and strong communication power.
+92 - 346-***-**** adufpx@r.postjobfree.com
Education:
B.Sc. (Hons) 2021
OXFORD Brooks University, UK.
ACCA - Finalist (2010-2013, currently pursuing)
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants, UK. Bachelor of Arts (B.A) 2009
University of the Punjab, Lahore
Additional Skills:
Cyber Security Analyst (PFTP)
Introduction to Cyber Attacks (Coursera)
Data Driven Decision Making
Event Management (New Skills Academy)
MS Office (Coursera)
(MS Word, Excel & Power Point), MS Windows & Internet. Personal Details:
Marital Status: Married
UAE Driving License: Valid till 2025
Date of Birth: 18 Nov, 1988 (34 Years Old)
Nationality: Pakistan
Contact this candidate