DUNN FAUST

Houston, TX ***** +832-***-****
aduhzt@r.postjobfree.com

and resourceful driven Loss Prevention Specialist with over 10 years of
High Protected Risk (HPR) loss prevention experience. Deep understanding of insurance
contracts and loss prevention provisions. Coordinates and conducts loss control management
evaluations, physical surveys and loss analysis to assist underwriters in risk evaluation.
Technically competent and analytical with excellent interpersonal and communication skills.
Uniquely qualified to understand client needs and deliver risk management solutions.

SUMMARY: Dynamic

EXPERIENCE

04/2007 TO 02/2017

LOSS PREVENTION & RISKS ANALYST, LONE STAR CORPORATION, HOUSTON, TX

Attentively monitored store and surrounding areas for signs of attempted theft by customers or
personnel, intervening when necessary. Calmly and effectively addressed emergency situations
such as safety hazards and threats to life or property, deescalating when possible and directing
Id strict security and safety procedures to protect business from

ess mismanagement. Generated comprehensive reports
documenting evidence of attempted theft and recovered merchandise. Coordinated with
attention to suspicious shoppers or detain perpetrators who left store with
stolen merchandise. Headed safety and loss prevention programs by guiding staff. Trained all
rotection personnel. Delivered training to all new executives and
asset protection personnel, both one-on-one and in group settings. Worked with auditors to
Juct investigations into suspected theft or fraud by internal personnel by Management and
Local Law Enforcement. Developed and launched on-site client training seminars to foster
plementation of loss control strategies. Introduced and implanted viable
loss control strategies by maintaining strong partnerships and trust with customers. Prepared
reports for clients and underwriters regarding property loss features and recommendations for
improvement and future needs. Increased company understanding of loss control strategies
through on-site client training seminars and implementation of new programs. Worked with
clients and risk management specialists to provide meaning solutions that met client needs.
Provided meaning solutions by garnering teams of risk management specialists to meet client
needs. Identified company resources, determined client risk factors and promoted solutions to
establish solid client base. Enhanced training processes for both clients and departments to

increase overall functionality.

shoppers to safety. Uphe
financial losses due to theft or carel

personnel to call

new executives and asset p

cone

understanding and im

03/1983 TO 06/1985

SECURITY ANALYST, WORLD SECURITY CORPORATION, LAS VEGAS, NV

Iding managers to inform security processes.
y best practices and protocols to mitigate risks. Monitored
ty. Conducted security audits to

Provided safety reports and data analysis to bui
Established company-wide securit
video surveillance feed and system alerts for suspicious activi
identify vulnerabilities. Performed risk analyses to identify appropriate security
countermeasures, Recommend improvements in security syste

ms and procedures. Completed
Contact this candidate