CARRIE RICKER
Pinewood Ave Jacksonville, FL *****
(904) 742 – 6854
aduidn@r.postjobfree.com
Seeking an IT position that I can grow and learn new applications, operating systems, concepts and security of networks. I like being a part of a Team and learning different points of view.
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

ITIL Foundations, A+ Certification
Network + and Security + Classes and Work Experience
Information Security Analyst Work Experience
AWS Foundations
Desktop Support Classes and Work Experience

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Ticketing Systems: ServiceNow, Axios, Connectwise, RBA, Incident Monitor, Footprints, Jira
Software / Applications: Splunk, Cronacle, Zenos, Dynatrace, Slack,, RACF, SAP, VPN, iManager, O365,
Cisco Packet Tracer, Infoblox, Proprietary Software, Okta Admin
Concepts: Monitoring, Active Directory, Multi systems, NTSF Permissions, DHCP, DNS, FTP, RDP, PuTTY,
A+, Network+, Helpdesk, Routers, Switches, Firewalls, Anti-Virus, Intrusion Detection, Data Back-ups,
Admin Rights, Network, Security, Trouble Tickets, SLAs, OLAs, KB creations, Confluence pages
Platforms: AWS, Server, Windows, Unix/Linux, Citrix Server

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
GCC Specialist II Grainger, Jacksonville, FL February 2021 to present
v T2 Network admin tasks to add, remove or modify Infoblox records.
v Proactively monitor all of Grainger’s systems, servers, web-site & Networks to make sure systems are up.
v Actively work, acknowledge, triage, resolve and escalate any incidents (P1, P2, P3 and P4), tasks.
v Call / Escalate to Level 2 / 3 Engineers, Teams or DBAs when necessary to resolve incidents.
v Opening Tech Bridges during a Code Red, escalated condition or Priority 1.
v Monitor Operators mailbox and Slack app for incoming requests or emergencies.
v Check the Critical Check list make sure jobs start on time. Escalate if necessary.
v Import SAP transports and Hybris impexes.
v Re-start, submit or kill any Cronacle Jobs as requested and raise or delete wait events.
v Performed Mid-tier, G-com and Service Now deployments.
v SAP Releases and upgrades. Hold queues during deployments.
v Monitor Zenos events that come into ServiceNow. Escalate as needed.
v Reset passwords or unlock Users Ids using iManager.
v Work in a fast paced, 24 hours by 7 days a week environment.
v Followed SLAs and OLAs per Company requirements.
v Created KBs and Confluence pages.
GCC Specialist I Grainger, Jacksonville, FL October 2017 to February 2021
v Proactively monitor all of Grainger’s systems, servers, web-site & Networks to make sure systems are up.
v Dispatch for ServiceNow incident queue.
v Actively work, acknowledge, triage, resolve and escalate any incidents (P1, P2, P3 and P4), tasks.
v Call / Escalate to Level 2 / 3 Engineers, Teams or DBAs when necessary to resolve incidents.
v Opening Tech Bridges during a Code Red, escalated condition or Priority 1.
v Monitor Operators mailbox and Slack app for incoming requests or emergencies.
v Check the Critical Check list make sure jobs start on time. Escalate if necessary.
v Import SAP transports and Hybris impexes.
v Re-start or kill any Cronacle Jobs as requested. Hold queues during deployments.
v Monitor Zenos events that come into ServiceNow. Escalate as needed.
v Reset passwords or unlock Users Ids using iManager.
v Work in a fast paced, 24 hours by 7 days a week environment.
v Network Status report sent out. Opened tickets with AT&T and Verizon as necessary.
v Cmd, ping servers, routers and switches to see if they are responsive.
v Followed SLAs and OLAs per Company requirements.
v Created KBs and Confluence pages.

IT Helpdesk Astadia, Jacksonville, FL June 2016 to June 2017
v Assisted Users with navigating and troubleshooting proprietary applications such as Beeline time and expense tracking system and HP MyRoom.
v Used Active Directory to reset password and unlock accounts for Archcoal and Hearst employees.
v Logged in all incoming calls into multiple ticketing systems (ServiceNow, Incident Monitor, Footprints or Jira) per what the Client required.
v Escalated tickets to Level 2 after fully documenting the issue.
v Followed SLA per Clients requirements.
v Trouble-shoot with Users network connectivity, e-mail and windows applications.
v Walked Users thru installing applications and software.
v Answered calls with strong attention to detail and excellent customer service orientation.
v Worked in a fast-paced environment.

Lead IS Analyst Modis (Citi), Jacksonville, FL January 2010 to May 2011
v Multi-level systems administrator (HPA) in a highly secure banking environment.
v Security ID administration for all systems, including AD, UNIX, mainframe, Apollo, COGNOS.
v Created Ids. Granted or removed access. Disabled Ids.
v Responsible for granting and removing a User's Highly Privileged Access (HPA) with BISO approvals.
v Created group shares on the servers. Created Universal, Global and Domain local security groups.
v Applied permissions to the group shares on the servers.
v Performed yearly Audits on Users, making sure they had the appropriate access.
v Insured corporate security policies were adhered to & SLAs (Service Level Agreements) were met.
v On a rotation for Trouble Tickets. Assisted Users with why they couldn’t access shares.
v Analytically solved problems and provided technical support in a 100,000+ User environment.
EDUCATION

FSCJ, Computer Systems Classes, Jacksonville, FL
CBT Nuggets On-line Courses
Cloud Guru On-line courses
CompTIA On-line courses
Contact this candidate