Kevin Budd Cornelius, NC, ***** ~ aduiek@r.postjobfree.com ~ 704-***-****

DevOps Architect Cyber Security Analyst DevOps Cloud Security Consultant
An executive leader and the US States Navy Veteran who completed Security+, CEH, and Splunk Core User training program, gained strong academic exposure in maintaining awareness of current cyber threats, attack methodologies, and detection techniques using a wide variety of security products. Capable of configuring firewalls, routers, and switches web security gateways with appropriate network security. Well conversant in cyber security assessment, solutions implementation, security governance, risk, and compliance principles. Learned about performing real-time cyber threat intelligence analysis, correlating actionable security events, conducting network traffic analysis using raw packet data, and participating in the coordination of resources during the incident response process. Ability to analyze intrusion detection system (IDS) and intrusion prevention system (IPS).

Well-versed in various threats, vulnerabilities, and attacks. Proficient in evaluating mitigation controls and deterrent techniques to handle attacks efficiently. Demonstrated knowledge of Risk Management Framework (RMF) Package, Artifacts, and SOPs as well as FISMA Compliance, NIST SP 800-53 Controls, and Cloud security. Proven record of success in implementing project management methodologies to manage the entire project lifecycle from planning, initiation, design, and development to completion, within the stringent budget, time, and quality frames. Acquired skills in tuning and configuration of Enterprise Splunk and Splunk App for Enterprise Security (ES). Expertise in deploying and maintaining Splunk Dashboards, Visualization, and Alerts as well as developing and building content and correlations in Splunk and developing security use cases in Splunk.

28 years of combined offshore experience and over 35,000 documented hours of incident-free DP experience, conversant with all procedures and instructions about the safe operation of the vessel, with the ability to assume the required regulatory responsibility to exercise effective control and efficient operation of the MODU/Drillship, under the direction of the OIM/Master and Chief Mate with specific regard for the safety of the crew, the vessel and its contents and the protection of the environment. Effectively performed in the construction planning, equipment installation, testing, commissioning, operation, and maintenance of all marine systems of a DP2 classed MODU from the shipyard to delivery for a long-term international ultra-Deepwater drilling contract.
Areas of Expertise

Cyber Security DevOps Consulting Threat Analysis Incident Management, Audit and Data Loss Prevention (DLP) Controls DevOps practices Tools - CICD, Pipelines, IaC\ARM templates Secure DevOps Engineering Solutions Automate, Build, Deploy and Integrate Security Tools Data Handling Data Normalization Log Ingestion and Analysis Requirements Gathering Prototyping Architecture Triaging Automation DevOps Transformation Security Configuration Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing Deployment Pipelines and DevOps Toolchains Penetration Testing Helpdesk Management Risk Evaluation DevOps Tools Administration IPSec, SNMP, SSH, DNS, TLS, SSL, TCPIP, FTPS, HTTPS, SCP, ICMP, IPv4, IPv6, FTP, SFTP, TFTP, Telnet, HTTP and NetBiOS Enterprise Splunk and Splunk App for Enterprise Security (ES) Splunk, Plug-Ins, Loggers and Connectors Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation Intrusion Prevention and Detection Access Control and Authorization Endpoint Protection Application Security Protocol Analysis Firewall Management Incident Response Encryption Web-filtering Advanced Threat Protection Marine Professional GMDSS Licensed Operator ARPA Certified Nautical Institute DP Certified STCW 95’ Certified Mariner Survival Craft
IT Courses

DevOps Career Pathway Program, Pursuing: CompTIA Security+, Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH), Splunk Core User.
Professional Experience

K7B enterprises, Cornelius, North Carolina May 2019 – Present
Business Owner/Operator
Provide excellent support in establishing dynamic relationships with clients by providing the logistical skill and expertise to maintain uninterrupted service regarding onsite or remote operational issues on their inventory related to oilfield systems and technologies.
Work closely with company management, logistics, fulfillment, and transportation operation teams to execute users’ service requests on their inventory as well as with contractor service teams to manage and execute all operational issues or concerns.
Mentored trainees to become proficient in all aspects of job-specific logistical operations.

Kevin Budd Page 2 ~ Cornelius, NC, 28031 ~ aduiek@r.postjobfree.com ~ 704-***-****

VBC - Very Brilliant Cleaning, Cornelius, North Carolina 2015 – Present
Business Manager
Established and served as the business manager of a Cleaning Service with my spouse for over five years.
Clean and sanitize offices, houses, and apartments to the satisfaction of all clients, through exceptionally detailed service.
Specialize in move-in/out rentals or new builds.
Consistently achieve performance objectives by mentoring trainees to become proficient in all aspects of the job.

Noble Drilling International, Houston, Texas 1994 – May 2015
Senior Dynamic Positioning Operator 2003 – May 2015
Monitored and maintained the safe and efficient operation of the DP system.
Officer of the Navigational Watch with detailed knowledge of drill floor operations, to assure the smooth conduct of the integrated DP drilling equipment.
Achieved over 10 years working incident and accident-free as a DPO.
Ensured that all bridge logbooks and checklists are correctly maintained and up to date with all pertinent and required information, and properly distribute to all relevant personnel.
Carried out watch-keeping duties with a commitment to safety and company procedures in all tasks.
Responsible for ensuring all navigational chart corrections and marine publications are properly recorded.
Accomplished the scheduled planned maintenance and promptly report any equipment failure and effective resolution of technical problems.
Created and amended vessel-specific procedures and risk assessments for the Marine Department.
Planned layout of any navigational passage required by the OIM/Master.

Ballast Control Operator/Barge Supervisor 1998 – 2003
Achieved over 5 years of working incident and accident-free, monitored and maintained the stability of a Dynamically Positioned Deepwater drilling rig.
Responsible for the overall seaworthiness of the vessel and the soundness of the structure.
Ensured the organization and housekeeping of main deck areas, including the loading and transfer of cargo, storage and monitoring of rig consumables, drill pipe, casing, bulk fluids, bulk chemicals, and various items.

Safety Training Specialist/Rig Medic 1994 – 1998
Implemented and motivated all personnel in the adoption of Company S.P.P.M., S.T.O.P. training, H.S. & E. training, as well as personal development training.
Facilitate effective compliance with all U.S.C.G., M.M.S., O.S.H.A., and Company policy and procedures, and regulations, administered onsite Emergency medical care, including medical evacuations.
Achieved 3 years without a recordable or lost-time accident, selected for a team to effect recovery of 4 idle Company assets.
Past Experience

1985 – 1992: Western Oceanic, Inc. Houston, Texas as Radio Operator/Rig Medic
1981 – 1985: United States Navy, U.S.A. as U.S. Navy Hospital Corpsman
1978 – 1981: Trident Seafood Corporation, Astoria, Oregon as Deckhand
Education

Nationally Certified Surgical Technician License, Lafayette Regional Technical Institute, Lafayette, Louisiana, 1994.
Commercial Fishing Technology, Clatsop Community College, Astoria, Oregon, 1979.
Licenses And Certifications

Provided upon request.
Contact this candidate