OBJECTIVE
A Cyber Security professional with over 5 years of experience in vulnerability management, security control implementation, assessment and authorization, POA&M management, continuous monitoring, and Risk Management Framework and System Monitoring. As a Security Analyst my profound knowledge in IT security measures ensure that the appropriate operational security posture is maintained for assigned IT systems in accordance with NIST, FISMA, OMB and industry best practices and Regulatory Compliance. Dynamic IT professional with the ability to adapt well to changing environments and interact well at all levels. Proven ability to lead and direct, solve problems creatively, and make strategic decisions in fast paced environments.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Cyber Security Analyst (ISSO)
Metropol-Tech Consulting Inc. Washington DC. Metro Area Nov 2019 – Present

Develop, document and Review security plans (SP), contingency plans (CP), contingency plan tests (CPT), privacy impact assessments (PIA), risk assessment (RA) documents per NIST 800 guidelines for various government agencies.
Create, generate, review and update A&A Packages, System Security Categorization, eAuthentication Assessment CP, CPT, SSP, SAP, SAR, and POA&M using CSAM.
Monitors, evaluate and reports on the status of information security systems and directs corrective actions to eliminate or reduce risks.
Initiate compliance and vulnerability scan requests to identify and report weaknesses and potential security breaches in accordance with SP 800-34.
Facilitate the development and maintenance of the Plan of Action and Milestones via CSAM (Cyber Security Assessment & Management) and supported remediation activities.
Perform Security Categorization (FIPS 199), conduct assessment and review Privacy Threshold Analysis (PTA), E-Authentication, Contingency Plan and Testing, Incident Response, SORN, for compliance and completeness.
Experience developing and updating system categorization levels using FIPS 199/NIST 800-60, selecting the controls using NIST 800-53/FIPS 200, implementing controls and developing SSP and other key deliverable documents.
Review system vulnerability scans and audit logs and work with system administrators to remediate findings and document non-remediated findings in the POA&M.
Ensures all POA&M actions are completed and tested in timely fashion to meet client’s deadlines.
Implement the Risk Management Framework (RMF) in accordance with NIST SP 800-37.
Work with a team of Information System Owners, Developers and System Engineers to select and implement tailored security controls in safeguarding system information.
Carried continuous monitoring after authorization to operate (ATO) to ensure continuous compliance with the security requirements.
Reviewed Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA) document after a positive PTA is created and ensure PII findings are recorded in the System of Record Notice (SORN).

Security Control Assessor (SCA)
Blue Canopy Group, LLC Washington, DC. Metro Area October 2017 - November 2019

Interviews System Administrators to assist in generating custom reports and/or artifacts in support of the A&A process.
Hold kick-off meeting with system owner, ISSO and other stakeholders to discuss assessment activities.
Develop Security Assessment Plans (SAPs) and perform assessment per NIST SP 800-53A.
Perform vulnerability assessment of information systems to detect deficiencies and validate compliance using management tracking tool. (CSAM)
Conduct kick-off meetings with system owner, ISSO, and other stakeholders to gather security control documentation and artifacts about the applicable security control.
Perform comprehensive Security Control Assessment (SCA) and prepare a report on management, operational, technical, and privacy security controls for audited applications and information systems.
Conduct assessment per NIST SP 800-53a and document findings and remediation actions in the POA&M.
Participate in weekly meetings to discuss the status of the assessment process.
Developed Security Assessment Plan (SAP) to initiate Security Assessment for low, moderate, and high control information systems.
Performs security controls assessments using NIST SP 800-53A as a guide by means of the assessment methods such as Interview, Examination and Testing.
Determines Technical, Operational and Management security controls effectiveness by assessing whether controls are implemented correctly, operating as intended, and meeting security requirements.
Creates and finalizes Security Assessment Report (SAR) and give recommendations to ISSO on how to mitigate or remediate reported weaknesses and vulnerabilities.
Reviews A&A package items using NIST guidance for FISMA compliance such as the System FIPS 199 Categorization, e-Authentication Assessment, PTA, PIA, Contingency Plan (CP) and Contingency Plan Test (CPT)
Documented assessment findings in a Security Assessment Report (SAR) and produced a plan of action and milestones (POA&M) for all controls having weaknesses or deficiencies.
Schedule assessment kick-off meetings with assessors and Security Control Interview meetings with the ISSO, System Owners and Common Control Providers.

EDUCATION
Cybersecurity-Associate Degree-AAS at PGCC (in progress)
MBA Degree in Business at Ajou University, South Korea.

CERTIFICATIONS
(ISC)2 CAP (Active)
(CompTIA) CompTIA Security+ (Active)
(Harvard Business School, Massachusetts USA (online) Becoming a Better Manager
(Project Management Institute) PMP
(Scrum.org) PSM1
Contact this candidate