DAVID AFOLABI
Baltimore, MD ***** 443-***-**** adunuh@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY
A skilled Cyber Security Analyst with over 2 years of experience in Information Security & Information Systems. Experienced in conducting network monitoring and intrusion detection analysis using various cybersecurity tools, such as Intrusion Detection/Prevention Systems (IDS/IPS), Firewalls, SIEM, Vulnerability Management, Host Based IDS (HIDS). EDUCATION
UNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND BALTIMORE COUNTY (UMBC) Baltimore, MD B.S. Information system GPA: 3.4 December 2022
HONORS
Dean’s List: Spring 2022, Fall 2021, Fall 2020, Spring 2021 CERTIFICATIONS
● CompTIA Security+ (COMP001022108873)
SKILLS
Threat Analysis IT Security policies Network Security Web Application Firewall Malware Detection Windows & Linux Operating System (OS) SQL Data Entry Data Security Access control CompTIA Analytical Skills Research HTML Microsoft Word Customer Service Help Desk support PROJECTS
Website Design Project – Markup and Scripting Languages.
● Created a website using JavaScript, CSS, C++, PHP, SQL, and HTML.
● The website had a homepage, an admin page, login/logout, a category menu, search results, and a contact page. Inventory Scanning Database - Introduction to Database Design
● Created an inventory scanning database using SQL, ER diagram, and EER diagram.
● The database will be accessed by a designated grocery company. They will be able to access products and valuable information that’s needed to maintain their daily operation and activities. Relevant Experience
Blue Cloud Technologies(Intern) Washington,DC
Title: Cyber Security Analyst Summer 2022
● Researched emerging threats and vulnerabilities to aid in the identification of network incidents
● Analyzed data from threat and vulnerability feeds and analyze data for applicability to Cybercafé’s clients
● Identified and resolves false positive findings in assessment results
● Plans to develop and execute vulnerability scans of organization information systems
● Completed and reviewed documentation for projects or any operational effort
● Provided system performance monitoring and troubleshooting CCBC Essex, MD
Title: Help Desk Analyst Aug. 2018 – December 2019
● Provided technical support to students and professor
● Responding to students' and professors' technical issues in a timely manner.
● Installed and made changes to computers, and projectors in the lecture rooms. -Troubleshoot, diagnose, and resolve technical issues.
Best buy Owings mills, MD
Title: IT Specialist July. 2020 – March 2021
● Administered end-user workstations and supports end-user activities in Windows operating system environment.
● Served as the point of contact for 50-100 end-users seeking technical assistance over the phone, or by email.
● Tracked priority issues tickets (Service Now), escalated (if appropriate), resolved and closure trouble tickets
● Provided support to desktops and notebooks running Windows 7/8/10.
● Installed operating system, and new software releases, performed system upgrades, evaluated, and installed patches, and resolved software-related problems.
● Monitored and analyzed information security system logs for events.
Contact this candidate