Kishon Holbrook, CISSP TS/SCI
Persistent, detail-oriented cyber security analyst with over 10 years of experience working on several DoD government contracts.
San Antonio, TX 210-***-**** adun6m@r.postjobfree.com

Work Experience

Information Assurance Admin Lintech
San Antonio, TX • November 2021 — Present
Create vulnerability scans (ACAS) and compliant scans (SCAP) within Tenable SC.
Provide daily .csv reports via (ACAS) to each organizational department to keep them updated on the security posture of our infrastructure.
Upload scans into eMASS, create POAM’s for plugins, STIG’s and IAVA’s.
Stay in constant contact with local administrators to ensure patching issues are resolved in a timely manner to meet patch compliance timelines.
Aid with the implementation of security procedures and verify information system security requirements.
Work jointly with several DHA departments to assist help support ATO timelines and requirements.
Update network diagram to reflect hardware and software list.

Cyber Incident Analyst CNF
San Antonio, TX • August 2017 — October 2021

Utilize several cyber technologies such as Splunk, ArcSight, ELK Stack to detect host-based intrusions.
Researched suspicious file attachments, IP addresses, suspicious connection, etc.
Investigated network traffic protocol analyzer tools such as wireshark and tcpdump.
Performed triage activities on suspicious alerts, and events.
Determine if in house/ 3rd party network/host signatures match malicious activity.
Escalated security incidents to other sections to perform further investigation and analysis.
Provided on the job training to other contractors and military personnel.

SCCM Network Engineer CNF
San Antonio, TX • February 2017 — August 2017

Deployed patches and software updates on servers, workstations, and mobile devices.
Developed and maintained PowerShell scripts to automate day to day tasks.
Resolve Remedy tickets assigned for workstation and server SCCM related issues.
Developed and revised documentation for procedures and configuration of client systems.
Created applications deployment through SCCM.
Monitored client environments to ensure performance efficiencies and optimization
Maintain client images and task sequences

Help Desk Support Service Specialist Inserso/Parsons/Indus
San Antonio, TX • December 2010 — February 2017

Utilized Remedy Action Request System to document calls and properly escalate trouble tickets to local CFP, Network Operating Center, and Event Manager.
Hard Skills:

SIEM Tools
RMF Process
Intrusion Detection
Incident Response
Vulnerability Assessment
System Configuration Manager
Risk Analysis
eMASS
Tenable/ACAS
Programming

Soft Skills:

Accountability
Time Management
Attention to Detail
Analytical Skills
Teamwork
Problem Solving
Efficiency
Self-Motivator

Education

WGU
Salt Lake City, Utah
2021 — Present
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science

San Antonio College
San Antonio, TX
2006 — 2008
Liberal Arts

CERTIFICATIONS

(CISSP) Certified Information Systems Security Professional

Microsoft Certified: Azure Network Engineer Associate

(CEH) Certified Ethical Hacker

MCTS (SCCM) System Center Configuration Manager 2012

CompTIA Security +

Administered and managed user accounts, computer accounts, and different other accounts that the Air Force requires via AFNet DRA.
Provided support and assisted Client Support Admin (CSA) and Network Computer Center (NCC) with special requests.
Provided administrative support by managing distribution lists and organization mailboxes.
Troubleshoot hardware, software, and network connectivity issues via remote assistance on client workstations.
Contact this candidate