Bryan Riser - Cyber Security Analyst
Dallas, TX adurrw@r.postjobfree.com 469-***-**** https://www.linkedin.com/in/bryan-riser-679272ba/

Ex-Police Officer Turned Cyber Security Analyst, Shifting to Protect Companies from Criminals
Hands-on, collaborative police officer with over 10 years of experience performing incident response and incident investigations for the City of Dallas, pivoting to do the same as a cyber security analyst for businesses. Gaining industry knowledge on cyber security frameworks, agile and scrum application development methodology and other security standards and best practices via training for the CompTIA Security+ certification expected in August 2022. Dallas Baptist University’s Information Security Managers certification expected Fall 2022.

Differentiators include:

Analysis: Drives thorough risk assessments, scanning and monitoring activities to address vulnerability to threats
Problem Solving: Quickly gets to the root cause of an issue for the remediation of breaches to security
Policy Enforcement: Demonstrated leadership in the governance and enforcement of security policies

Core Competencies

Third Party Risk Management
Threat Analysis
Security Operations
Security Assessments
Data Loss Prevention
Intrusion Detection
Penetration Testing
Configuration Management
End Point Security

Technology: Firewall, encryption, antivirus, encoding, proxies, IPSEC, SMTP, DNS

Professional Experience

Patrol Officer, Dallas Police Department 08/2008 - 03/2021
8th largest police department in the US serving the city of Dallas. Hired to enforce state and city laws and ordinances, investigate crimes, and apprehend criminal offenders so as to maintain public peace and safety.
●Responded to 9-11 dispatched calls involving traffic incidents, emergencies, and criminal activity, including homicide, domestic violence, assault, battery, theft, burglary, drug trafficking and vandalism.
●Demonstrated leadership in working with other first responders to assess scenes, ensure victim and public safety, apprehend suspected criminal offenders, secure crime scenes and conduct initial investigations.
●Conducted searches of vehicles, buildings, homes, and property to secure evidence or stolen property, drugs, paraphernalia, weapons and any other materials associated with a crime for the forensics team.
●Testified in court for civil and criminal proceedings, representing the department with integrity.
●Leveraged IT systems to provide communication and documentation needed to complete investigations and meet timelines.

Certifications
Dallas Baptist University, Information Security Managers Certification expected Fall 2022
Coursework includes Security, Privacy, Policy and Governance, Introduction to Information Security Management
Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH), Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency
CCNP-S
CompTIA Security+ Certification expected August 2022
Cisco Network Security: Secure Access, LinkedIn
IT and Cyber Security Risk Management Essential Training, LinkedIn
Cisco Security Security: Core Security Concepts, LinkedIn

Education
Dallas Baptist University, Master’s Degree, Criminal Justice
Paul Quinn College, Bachelor’s Degree, Criminal Justice
Kappa Alpha Psi, Inc. Fraternity Member
Contact this candidate