MARLECIA POWELL

Locust Grove, GA *****

Cell: 470-***-****
Email: aduuvl@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY

Results-focused professional with dedicated experience in the information technology and program management field. Flexible hard worker ready to learn and contribute to team success. Strong technical proficiency with strengths in communication and collaboration. In depth knowledge of computer skills coupled with CompTIA+, Security +, and Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate Fundamentals Certifications.
Possess Department of Defense SECRET Security Clearance

CORE COMPETENCIES
Continuous monitoring
Risk Management Framework (RMF) for security improvement
Project management
Vulnerability Mitigation
Cost and Budget Analysis
Identity and Access Management
Project coordination
IT Audit
Protecting networks
Supervisory and Management
MS Office Suite

CERTIFICATIONS & TRAINING
CompTIA CYSA+
CompTIA SEC+
Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate(MCSA)
Global Combat Support System Army(GCSS-A)
Institute for Supply Management (ISM)
Enterprise Mission Assurance Support Service (EMASS)

EDUCATION
BACHELOR OF SCIENCE: SOCIOLOGY Graduated in 05/2015
Saint Leo University, Saint Leo, FL
MASTERS OF SCIENCE: BEHAVIORAL SCIENCE Graduated in 05/2021
Saint Leo University, Saint Leo, FL

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
BM TECHNOLOGIES - REMOTE
Reston, PA
Information Security Analyst 06/2022 to Present

Ensure the integrity and protection of networks, systems, and applications by technical enforcement of organizational security policies, through monitoring of vulnerability scanning devices such as Defense Storm or Tenable scans.
Perform periodic and on-demand system audits and vulnerability assessments, including user accounts, application access, file system and external Web integrity scans to determine compliance.
Phishing alerts, tests, and remediation.
Participate in Proof of Concept of new Security technologies
Participate in quarterly/annual review of policies and procedures to support information security, risk, and security compliance.
Execute incident handling playbooks through completion for new or current process and complex incident responses.
Participate in creation of enterprise security documents (policies, standards, baselines, guidelines, and procedures) under the direction of Information Security Manager.
Conduct Reconciliations for asset for agents (i.e. Tenable and Carbon Black)
Vulnerability management for patch management weekly and monthly.
Implement the defined polices within the Access& Identity Management Solution.
Understand and refine Role Based Security framework. Produce operational plans to enforce and maintain identity management workflows.
Perform Identity and Access Management and Provisioning workflows and perform IAM activities.
Perform quality control of identity and access management requests to ensure procedures are followed.
Perform ongoing quality reviews identifies risks and problem areas and recommends standards, policies, and procedures to correct incident findings.
Compile artifacts for PWC audit for IAM and PAM.
Ensure and monitor compliance with Industry and government rules and regulations.
Conduct vendor risk assessment against organizational security risks.
Manage both on-prem/ identity management and cloud identity management technologies and systems.
Manage the strategy and roadmap implementation for Identity and Access Management Platform.
Manage user accounts and permissions such as onboarding, and transfers, grant permissions or deny based on user role and privilege in the IAM/ PAM management system.
Enforce company policies and procedures and monitor user activity in the IAM /PAM System.
Resolve IAM problems and issues within the system, and triage any tickets in system
Implement the defined polices within the Access& Identity Management Solution.
Manage the strategy and roadmap implementation for Identity and Access Management Platform.

ECS
Robins Air Force Base
Senior Engineer (Security Analyst) 06/2021 to 3/2022
Understand and refine Role Based Security framework. Produce operational plans to enforce and maintain identity management workflows.
Perform Identity and Access Management and Provisioning workflows and perform IAM/ PAM activities.
Manage both on-prem/ identity management and cloud identity management technologies and systems.
Manage the strategy and roadmap implementation for Identity and Access Management Platform.
Manage user accounts and permissions such as onboarding, and transfers, grant permissions or deny based on user role and privilege in the IAM management system.
Enforce company policies and procedures and monitor user activity in the IAM/PAM System.
Resolve IAM problems and issues within the system.
Create, delete, troubleshoot, and maintain identities and accounts and provisioning and lifecycle
Administer network security functions from initial installation and configuration to patch management, vulnerability management, problem resolution, and audit logging and recording.
Analyze computer network logs ie: Active directory, Defense storm, and Cyberint check tickets and remediate.
Respond to security requests and inquiries, (ticket system, SIEM alerts, Phishing alerts)
Ensure the integrity and protection of networks, systems, and applications by technical enforcement of organizational security policies, through monitoring of vulnerability scanning devices such as Defense Storm and Tenable.
Perform periodic and on-demand system audits and vulnerability assessments, including user accounts, application access, file system and external Web integrity scans to determine compliance.
Execute and manage IS incident response and administrative inquires/investigations in collaboration with the Investigations Department.
Collects, assesses, and reports upon relevant threat intelligence/ actionable security information, and appropriately mediates findings.
CROOP- LA FRANCE
Robins Air Force Base, GA
CUSTOMER SERVICE TECHNICIAN 11/2019 to 05/2021
Installed, configured, and maintained security software via Remote Desktop Connection on military computer systems.
Conducted system/security analytical, and problem solving activities, coupled with solid problem solving techniques.
Determined product deficiencies by reviewing various network cabling for the safety of others.
Documented all IT equipment according to established AF guidelines.
Processed IT hardware for existing users changing locations and ensure connection at new location.
Assisted in technical support process of unused IT equipment from vacant desks and transported them to proper storage areas.
Transported IT hardware between storage locations as required.
Answered incoming telephone calls to resolve issues related to software and system use and access.
Conducted system/security analytical, and problem-solving activities, coupled with solid problem solving techniques.
Assisted users on client computers with the connection of setting up a Microsoft Active Directory domain.
Installed new hardware and update equipment tracking database.
Assisted users the impact of computer and network system security vulnerabilities to the information assurance environment and recommended mitigating solutions.
Assisted new customers with instructional support and product troubleshooting.
Linked client computers to a Microsoft Active Directory domain.
Tested the viability of network cabling and determined if replacement was required.

VECTRUS INCORPORATED
Camp Arifjan, Kuwait
Information Assurance Manager 08/2018 to 10/2019
Supervised 8 employees both US citizens and other country nationals.
Managed accounts and financial transactions to support supply operations.
Implemented and maintained material movement through production.
Loaded due ins and processed shipments through ALMSS.
Conducted onsite inspections for part numbers and names on engineering drawings.
Created and performed preventive maintenance scheduling for the production cycle.
Responded to facility emergencies with sites about their needs of equipment to correct issues quickly and maintain business operations.
Prepared daily CDRL's for Inventory, Receipts, Issues, and others as required by the Performance Work Statement.
Directed and planned incoming materials to verify receipt of items on requisition or invoices.
Monitored business operations, supply needs and purchase supplies to optimize company success.
Coordinated and supervised receiving and shipping based on warehouse procedures and SOPs.
Performed cycle counts to confirm accuracy for inventory items.
Controlled authorized stock listing in warehouse to verify quantity and conformance according to specifications.
Monitored storage units for excess material sorting and packaging according to accounting and control systems.

VECTRUS INC.
Camp Aifrjan Kuwait
ADPE Technician / Information Assurance Assistant 06/2016 to 08/2018
OMDAC-SWACA NATO HEADQUATERS (HQ-RS)
Installed, configured, and maintained security software via Remote Desktop Connection on military computer systems.
Provided technical support by Re-imaging/base-lining clients' desktops, laptops/standalone machines while utilizing BIOS configuration.
Conducted security awareness training to new incoming units, security monitoring, and notify chain of command incident response.
Conduct Cross Domain Violation (CDV) Training to incoming units and provide a statement of understanding explaining consequences for violations. Provide detailed remediation process for each type of offense i.e. CDV, NSV, PSP, NDCI.
Prepare Risk Management Framework (RMF) paperwork and/or translates security requirements into network configurations/security settings using Enterprise Mission Assurance Support Service (EMASS).
Ensure the development of RMF required documentation such as System Security Plans (SSP), Security Assessment Plans (SAP), artifacts and other documentation required to obtain an Authorization to Operate (ATO).
Conducted semi-annual reviews of all Information Systems (IS) and networks to ensure no security changes have been made to invalidate the A&A of networks, enclaves or systems.
Ensured that all Cyber-security personnel are in compliance with certificate levels and are adequately trained to perform appointed function.
Performed network and system validations scans using tools such as ACAS or Tenable Nessus.
Assessed DODI 8500.2 Information Assurance (IA) controls against system baselines and provided a plan to mitigate any vulnerability.
Assessed software baselines that included operating systems against known software vulnerabilities and ensured corrective actions were taken.
Analyzed, interpreted, and applied FISMA, NIST and DOD Cyber-security policies and guidance to meet compliance.
Created and maintained user accounts via active directory.
Joined client computers to a Microsoft Active Directory domain.

UNITED STATES ARMY
Ft.Gordon, GA
Supply Specialist (92Y) 05/2010 to 06/2016
Contact this candidate