Abu SJ ALAM, (PMP certified) (cell: 214-***-****)
***** ** ****** *****, #***, Dallas, Texas 75248.

Accomplished successful projects in large corporations from USA, Australia, Singapore, India-South Asia, Mexico, Canada, Bangladesh
I relentlessly pursue with passion to help business create opportunity for growth with a focus on solutions not problems.
My immense experience helps me to never shy away from challenges while I am an excellent change agent and specially when it comes to crisis / risk management
Contribute seamless as part of Management committee where I have made strategic role in business transformation
Internally motivated with Connect and Develop attitude specially for cross-functional activities
I try to see the forest from the tree (from Big picture to Details)

Sanofi, A French Healthcare giant (Paris based with global affiliates) Nov 2012– DEC 2022

Project Manager role:
Ensured multiple Identity and Access Management (IAM) projects including Access Management, Identity Governance and Admin, Privileged Access Management, Governance across all phases of project delivery framework.
Achieved timely Projects and saved company 44% on re-curing Operation cost by introducing new solution replacing legacy Apps.
Completed 8 Full cycle project deliveries

Success achieved thru:
Planned Project taking all stakeholders aligned, executed, monitored and controlled on and closeout projects in accordance with PMI (Institute of PM, USA) methodology.
Saved 150 million USD by rolling out specific new projects
Product delivery Achieved in most possible shorter time, service, and provider assessments, plus team placement support, to reduce operation cost through several sub-ERP project s & Interfaces/integration (IMS)
Successfully accomplished workflow of resources by rotation to optimize tasks to be gained and make timeline adjustment as needed to deliver project on schedule, scope and within budget.
Collaborated without hesitation with Solution Architects on requirement gathering during demand stages through project implementation.
Strong in communication - both written and oral - and presentation skills
Robust in negotiation and ability to get things done
Resilient sense of personal accountability regarding decision-making and supervising department teams
Managerial experience applying analytical thinking and problem-solving skills
Ability to predict challenges and seek to proactively head-off obstacles

Integrated Master Scheduler Tool:
The primary purpose of integrated Master Scheduler was to help me and the Program Team optimize the overall execution strategy of the program, coordinate workflows, and assist in the decision making processes to mitigate risks and resolve challenges on a day-to-day basis.

Change Management:
Strong action-oriented Leader role for project change management process, ensure disaster recovery requirements, risks/ issues are captured and implemented as part of solution delivery on each project
Manage issues and risks from identification to resolution.
Make vital decisions and drive decision- making process including project change requests across processes.
Incident management: ServiceNow & JIRA.

Sanofi
Oversaw multiple private and public cloud Infrastructure (including IaaS, PaaS, SaaS) and cross-country IT projects across all phases of project delivery framework. This was in line with Application hosting preparations.
Integrated SAP ERP for external facing Application for private clouds allowing internal end users’ access
Collaborated with Solution Architects/Business Analysts on requirement gathering during demand stages through project implementation.
Developed, updated, and maintained project documentation including IMS, status reports, cost estimates, resources planning, risk/ issues, disaster recovery and communicated same to appropriate stakeholders.
Risk intelligence: Project Threat intelligence, risk-based modeling, and quantification tools to inform data-driven decision-making.
Assurance across platforms & programs: Proprietary programs, products, and tools to inform and optimize SAP ERP & operational risk transfer
ERP SAP roll out (All successfully achieved in time, within budget & resources)
Sanofi Australia, South Asia other locations /industries
SAP ECC5 Project 1:
SAP roll-out for FICO, SD, MM, PP and WM starting with Blue printing, gap/fit Analysis, Realization, UAT, validation, Training
and Go live
SAP ECC6 Project 2:
Merger of three legal entities in SAP (Aventis, Fisons LTD UK and Rhone-polenc, German-Franco UK merger))
Outsourcing of Distribution through SD of SAP
Lead ATO team to help remediate, validate, prepare and collate Security artifacts for facilities in order to pass their ATO and OIG audits.
Led teams to work onsite with each facility's technical team and leadership to ensure recommendations are maximized.
Developed POA&M (Plan of Action & Milestones) document to take corrective actions resulting from ST&E(System Test Evaluation).
Assisted and recommended how to map out HIPAA recommendations to NIST controls, develop SSPs and IRPs for medical devices to make them compliant.
Prepared and reviewed Authorization to Operate (ATO) packages (i.e. SSP, RA, CMP, ISCP, DRP, IRP and PIA)
Communicated with peers by sharing (department) "best practices" and providing accurate, thorough documentation on best practices" or other documentation tools.
SAP 4/HANA(AWS) Project 3: Bringing SAP from Global to local entity with name, report & other changes to make it work under new Entity.
SAP migration into Oracle EBS Project 4: full migration with test and validation of all modules into new ERP
SAP for banking Project 5: Project Manager with full roll-out of all modules and financial institutions integration

IT Program Manager [IT Security/ Supply Chain/HR]
ICDDRB, an WHO organization - Dhaka, BD April 2009 to June 2011
Managed $160M IT project budget for WHO BD from CIDA, led and mentored cross-functional IT security Project Management teams
Managed PMO operations financial planning and analysis (FP&A)
Supervised and reviewed the Creation of standard templates (artifacts) for required security assessment and authorization documents.
Led the vendor management/supply chain enhancement project to optimize material flow (i.e., review of existing policies and training of senior managers and departmental heads, schedule agreements, cost effectiveness of operations including leading the team in procurement audits, forecasting)
Technical Lead (process engineering) Year 2007 - 2009
Texas Instruments, Richardson, Texas, USA & Texas Instruments, Singapore ( 2006-2007)
Project Proof of concept, Project design phase by phase using Tools including OrCAD, Software integration & solution, gap analysis & risk mitigation, UAT phase,Quality Validation & Go-live
Microsoft Corp, Las Colinas, Irving, Texas, Software Engineer supporting Windows NT, Supporting MS products
University of London, Birkbeck,
MIT Executive Education, Sloan School of Management
Digital Transformation
Electrical Engineering
Univ. of Texas, TX, USA
General Engineering
Snow College, Ephraim. UTAH
Notre Dame College, Pre- engineering, Dhaka, BD

•Microsoft Office (17 years), Word, Excel, Power Point, Azure
•MS Project (8 years)
•Cyber Security (7 years) & Information Security (10 years)

Certified from PMI institute (#2857489 till 2023),
PRINCE 2 (Project Management): AXELOS: # GR633029816AA
AWS Solution Architect: # DCS/CN0000258/25022018
AWS Cloud Natives, Cloud transformation
CSA (Certified Security Analyst): ECC6271934508
SAFE Agilist: PM Academy, Sanofi University

Project Management Success Factors: Sanofi University

Product Management from University of Virginia certification (post-exam)

Digital: Digital Transformation (Verifiable from BCG (Boston consulting group), Agile for Design change

EIT (PE-I), Texas Board of Professional Engineers, Texas, USA

IT Manager, Project Manager & Regional Solution Architect
Operation
Contact this candidate