DESMOND OWUSU-ACHIAMPONG aduzot@r.postjobfree.com 347-***-****

SUMMMARY

Security Assessment & Authorization professional skilled in assembling security authorization package using National Institutes of Standards and Technology (NIST) Special Publications 800-53 Rev-4, 800-53A, 800-60, 800-30, 800-37, FIPS 199, FIPS 200. Proficient in the preparation and updating of System Security Plan (SSP), Security Assessment Plan (SAP), Plan of Action & Milestone (POA&M) and Security Assessment Report (SAR). A reliable, highly motivated, good listener and attentive to details with ability to work under pressure without compromise to quality of results. Great team player with awesome leadership, problem solving and time management skills. Knowledge in FISMA, FIPS, NIST 800 Series, RMF, Assessment and Authorization Packages.

EXPERIENCE
NEW YORK LIFE INSURANCE CO. 2016 - present
Cyber Security Analyst
Performed comprehensive Security Assessments as part of Assessment and Authorization process to determine if controls are being implemented correctly, operating as intended and meeting the desired objectives.
Prepared Assessment and Authorization (A&A) packages, which includes but not limited to SSP, SAP, RTM, RA, SAR and POA&M.
Reviewed the A&A Packages to ensure they remain current and security operations are in compliance with NIST 800-53 standards, FISMA and organization’s policies and procedures.
Assisted in developing, defining and maintaining information security policies, standards and procedures relating to Management, Operational and Technical controls.
Provided assessment reports on the severity of findings/weaknesses and recommend corrective actions for mitigating vulnerabilities and exploits to the information and information system.
Reviewed the POA&M in order to validate the items uploaded in the POA&M tracking tools support the closed findings and coordinate promptly with stakeholders to ensure timely remediation of security weaknesses.
Working Knowledge of utilizing the change management process for application changes for scheduled and unscheduled releases
Conducted assessment kickoff meetings, provide expert analysis and advice on systems and programs related to IT security problems and provide recommendations.
Performed vulnerability scans for Database, Network and Web Application for clients using Nessus and gather information necessary to maintain system security.
Provided routine support of IT security programs to ensure that security objectives of Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability are met.
Performed Assessment and Authorization on General Support Systems (GSS) and Major Applications to ensure environments are operating within strong security posture.
Experienced performing risk assessments and facilitate SOC 1 and SOC 2 Audits
Experienced performing risk assessments and facilitate HITRUST & ISO 27001 validated assessments.
Experienced performing risk assessments and facilitate Cyber Essentials assessments.
Experienced with Microsoft 365
DIAMOND TAXI LLC 2013– 2016
Information Security Analyst
Conducted the IT Risk Assessment and documented key controls.
Developed, reviewed and evaluated Security Plan based on NIST Special Publications 800-18.
Investigated possible security breaches identified through review of audit reports and follows up accordingly with departments / management.
Experienced performing Third Party Risk Assessment
Prepared and reviewed C&A package for Information Systems.
Documented all operational processes and procedures to optimize support
Evaluated tested, coordinated, monitored and maintained information assurance controls.
Assessed information assurance controls for compliance and assist with development of security standards and procedures.
Experience with cloud systems security components (SSO, Cybersecurity) assessments
Ensured that Information Systems security architecture, designs, plans, controls, processes, policies and procedures are aligned with client policies.
Analyzed and defined security requirements for networks, applications/systems, end user computing, mobility, and data center technologies and solutions
Determined security requirements by evaluating business strategies and requirements, researching information security standards, conducting system security and vulnerability analysis and risk assessments.
Reviewed and updated Contingency Plan (CP) using local guidelines.
EDDIE’S MANAGEMENT, QUEENS, NY June, 2008 – March, 2013
Human Resource Specialist

Coordinated and directed administrative functions of the organization
Oversaw recruitment and hiring of newly staff members that resulted in low employee turnover
Consulted with organization’s executives on strategic planning that helped increase organization’s revenue
Ensured that all onsite HR materials are stored properly and raising the need to replenish any stationary, branded material and office supplies based on inventory
Worked closely with benefits team regarding employee leave of absence, including answering employee inquiries and providing them personal resources as the needs arise.
EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATION
Kaplan University - Master of Business Administration, 2012 – 2014
Kaplan University – Bachelor of Business of Administration (MBA) 2007 - 2010
CompTIA Security+ Expire 2025

PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATION

Society for Human Resources Management (SHRM) – 2010 - present
Contact this candidate