THOMAS MELLO adv4a4@r.postjobfree.com

707-***-**** 5127 Gold Lake Dr. Santa Rosa CA, 95409

QUALIFICATIONS

Diligent and energetic Corporate Trainer / Network and Systems Administrator skilled in integrating and tuning systems environment to work with standard applications and 3rd party banking software.
Strong background in technical support for software packages, Windows Servers, equipment connectivity issues, and Internet connectivity solutions.
Extensive experience maintaining, monitoring, designing, upgrading and installing Microsoft products and Windows compatible products on servers.
Skilled in software integration, administration, performance tuning and small system security.
Recognized for superior performance, outgoing attitude, technical knowledge, and creative, low cost business problem resolutions.

COMPUTER SKILLS

Platforms / Operating Systems: Windows 10/Windows 7/Windows 2000Pro/XP Pro/Vista, Windows Server 2003, 2008 R2

Software Packages: MS Office Suite O365/2016/2013/2010/ (Word, Excel, Outlook), SharePoint Adobe Pro XI / McAfee EOP system, Check Point Firewall software, Lotus Notes, BankWare Check Imaging Software, Veritas Backup Exec. 9.1/10/11/12.x, Calyx, WinPoint, Kelly Bluebook, Sendero APS/LMC, LaserPro, SecureWorks, PatchLink / Lumension

CAREER ACHIEVEMENTS

Systems Overhaul: Upgraded Trinchero Family Estates:

Created a Cyber Security/Phishing program

Created IT Onboarding of new hire program

Upgraded over 450+ desktop computers from Windows XP with Lotus Notes to Windows 7 64 bit with Outlook 2007.

Upgraded EDM system 7K documents from Lotus Notes to NextDocs running on SharePoint.

Upgraded Savings Bank of Mendocino’s network and servers. Replaced over 350 desktop computers and core servers and loaded with operating system, software packages, and banking software.

Applications Implementation: Deployed all 3rd party software packages. Troubleshot end user issues and collaborated with software engineers to resolve hardware / software conflicts.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Maintenance Systems Coordinator
TRINCHERO FAMILY ESTATES, St. Helena, CA 2021-Present

Primary purchaser for all parts and equipment
Coordinate with Reliability Engineer and Maintenance Supervisors to ensuring parts and material inventory accuracy throughout planning and scheduling
Coordinate materials cycle counts and actual inventories versus system records
Provides feedback to management on accuracy levels, procedure problems and recommends corrective actions
Track parts usage by systematically enter information into CMMS for easy retrieval of parts history and costs
Responsible for storing and maintaining inventory levels
Develop CMMS-generated ad hoc or automated reports in support of maintenance administration using CMMS program, including inventory movement and inventory list

Work with fleet mechanics to procure parts and inventory for all automotive, air cooled, and miscellaneous equipment

Corporate Trainer Document Specialist / IT Services Specialist (PMO/Security) / Security Analyst
TRINCHERO FAMILY ESTATES, St. Helena, CA 2010-Present

Support remote sales meetings and principal/senior executive requests
Managed 800+ mobile devices
MDM Airwatch
IT Business liaison PR
Member of Security Incident Team
SharePoint Admin
Oversaw technical training on applications
Maintained training and support sites via local intranet (SharePoint)
Worked with PMO group on multiple projects
Managed 3rd party contractors
Administer of HPQC system that is used to track the progress of application testing
Administrator of Enterprise Document Management system (EDM) NextDocs
Documentation and Training
QA Testing
Security and Application Management

Client Services II / Lead Tech, Hardware / Software Support
TRINCHERO FAMILY ESTATES, St. Helena, CA

Oversaw and handled helpdesk calls for 550+ employees.
Set up and managed user profiles in Active Directory.
Created user mailboxes Exchange 2010
Managed McAfee EPO system (Admin)
Troubleshooting of system and end user issues and resolved software conflicts and connectivity problems, escalated issues to vendors when necessary.
Collaborated with vendors for service, installations and to resolve critical issues.
Built desktops and configured desktops, laptops, printers.
Oversaw numerous system and hardware upgrades and rolled out new desktop.
Wrote and maintained helpdesk specifications and documentations
Was the lead technician for the Windows XP to Windows 7 migration also during that migration we migrated the users from Lotus Notes to Outlook (700 + systems)

Lead Network Administrator, Hardware / Software Support / Manage LAN and WAN
SAVINGS BANK OF MENDOCINO COUNTY, Ukiah, CA 2001-2009

Oversaw network and systems and integrated new software and banking applications for 300 employees.
Administered LAN/WAN/ point-to-point T1 network and Windows 2003 Server environment.
Set up and managed user profiles in Active Directory and set up email accounts in Exchange.
Managed and maintained the banks backup software (Veritas)
Disaster recovery, configuring servers and setting up severs via backups. (yearly)
Troubleshot system and end user issues and resolved software conflicts and connectivity problems, escalated issues to vendors when necessary.
Lead contact implementing the banks check imaging software (Bankware)
Collaborated with vendors for service, installations and to resolve critical issues.
Installed, upgraded, troubleshot, and maintained SecureWorks network security.
Built desktops and configured desktops, laptops, printers, and IP-based print servers.
Oversaw numerous system and hardware upgrades and rolled out new desktops and servers.
Applied server patches and integrated enterprise server modules utilizing PatchLink (Lumension).
Wrote and maintained network specifications and documentations.

Customer Service Engineer
DECISION ONE CORP, Sacramento, CA 1998-2001

Supported clients including the State of California, County of Sacramento, TWA and US Air lines.
Repaired hardware and resolved hardware/software issues.

EDUCATION, TRAINING AND MEMBERSHIPS

Michael Management SAP Security Programs 2017
Bob Pikes PMO Boot Camp 2015
ASTD Master Training 2014
Bob Pikes Train the Trainer 2013
Check Point Firewall, Dataway, 2005, training

A+, Sierra High Tech, 1998, training

InfraGard, Sacramento Chapter, Member

InfraGard is a public-private volunteer organization that serves as a link between private industry and the FBI to maintain infrastructure in event of emergency.
Contact this candidate