Chad Pickering
Cedar Rapids, IA
https://www.linkedin.com/in/chad-pickering/
319-***-****

Summary
Strong interest in Information Security, threat hunting, analysis, and investigations. Currently working as Security
Analyst where I monitor and investigate for security incidents using Sophos, AlienVault, Swimlane SOAR, Stellar Cyber Starlight, Sentinel One, Azure Sentinel, and Splunk. I am an experienced Project Manager with a demonstrated history of working in the stained-glass industry. Skilled in threat research, trouble shooting, and customer service, and Military leadership skills. Served as a Diesel Mechanic and then Motor Sergeant in the Army managing 15 mechanics, and $2.5 million worth of equipment. Strong job planning and project management professional with an Associate's Degree focused in Business Administration and Management from Kirkwood Community College.
Experience
Security Analyst
American Technology Services, LLC
Mar 2022 - Present (10 months +)
Review security alerts across various client implementations of SIEM systems in a multi-tenant environment
Support the deployment, configuration and baselining of SIEM solutions
Advise clients on security best practices and participate in monthly service delivery calls
Actively participate in industry events and act as an advisor to internal technical resources
Work on continuous improvement of current security policies and procedures
Work on communicating and reporting security incidents to clients as per SLA's
Actively work on incident response assignments as engaged
Identify and implement automation where appropriate
Security Operations Center Analyst
CyFlare — A Top 100 Global MSP & MSSP
Mar 2021 - Jan 2022 (11 months)
Support a 24x7x365 Security Operations Center and monitored security tools, assessed threats, and
assessed risks involving client infrastructure.
Provide initial response to security incidents for managed security services customers and advanced
investigative analysis on identified security events as needed in collaboration with senior SOC staff
members.
Tools used: Sophos, AlienVault, Swimlane SOAR, Stellar Cyber Starlight, SentinelOne, Zoho, Citrix, TransientX, Hyper-V, Splunk, Azure Sentinel
Primary duties:
Respond to inbound phone and electronic requests from CyFlare subscribers.
Perform network security monitoring and incident response for numerous clients.
Maintain records of security monitoring and incident response activities, utilizing CyFlare incident
management and ticketing platforms
Monitor and analyze Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS, Security Information and Event
Management (SIEM), and Advanced Endpoint Protection (AEP) to identify security issues for remediation.
Recognize potential, successful and unsuccessful intrusion attempts and compromises through reviews and analysis of relevant event detail and summary information.
Communicate alerts to clients regarding intrusions and compromises to their network infrastructure, applications, and operating systems.
Create, modify, and update Security Information Event Management (SIEM) rules
Evaluate/deconstruct malware (e.g. obfuscated code) through open-source and vendor provided tools
Prepare briefings and reports of analysis methodology and results. Used OSINT resources to research emerging threats, triage alerts, and help with Incident Response
Follow standard operating procedures and other similar documentation.
Write Client Trust Posts on emerging threats and runbooks/playbooks as needed for the internal knowledge base
Participate in vendor specific certification training, internal training and workshops as requested.
Senior Technician SecurityCoverage, Inc.
Oct 2017 - Mar 2021 (3 years 6 months)
Identify and establish policy, process, and procedure for efficient Product support
Handle escalated cases, communicate efficiently with Database and Quality Assurance teams
Research new software and hardware and provide updates to our team and knowledge base. Work on
projects, policy and procedure development and implementation, and handle supervisor duties as
needed. Trouble shoot and provide remediation for various PC or Mac systems and devices.
Project Manager
Associated Crafts & Willet Hauser Architectural Glass
May 2013 - Dec 2016 (3 years 8 months)
Involved directly with installation, framing and covering, and restoration of stained glass windows.
Organize the delivery of materials, active inventory for project completion.
Manage and supervise apprentices and ensure proper training and daily reporting for job completion and accountability. Observed all OSHA related safety requirements on job sites.
Diesel Mechanic
US Army
Sep 2004 - Jun 2010 (5 years 10 months)
Directly supervised and ran a motor pool of 10-15 mechanics in maintenance and repair of $2.5 million
worth of US Army equipment and vehicles.
Reporting to Battalion leadership on service status and schedule of equipment.
Training and supervision of mechanics to ensure safety practices and appropriate maintenance procedures were followed.
Education
Kirkwood Community College
Associate degree, Business Administration and Management, General 2010 - 2012
Licenses & Certifications
Open Source Intelligence Reports & Dissemination Level 5 of 6 - ASIS International
Splunk 7.x Fundamentals - Splunk - NYC
Sophos Central Endpoint and Server v2.0- Engineer - Sophos
Sophos Certified Technician - Sophos
Sophos Certified Engineer - Sophos
Certificate of Completion - CompTIA Security+ - Syracuse University
lnfraGard Technical Support Center - Ingragard National Members Alliance
10136730
Swimlane Certified SOAR User - Swimlane
629a-90df-ec1d-839b
Fortinet Network Security Expert Level 1: Certified Associate - Fortinet
Issued Jan 2022 - Expires Jan 2024
2pHokfWmAR
Fortinet Network Security Expert Level 2: Certified Associate - Fortinet
Issued Jan 2022 - Expires Jan 2024 UQ3S0zkjL8
Fortinet Network Security Expert Level 3: Certified Associate - Fortinet
Issued Feb 2022 - Expires Feb 2024
0Qv1GFFF6s
Certified Security Engineer - AlienVault
11493655
Skills
Network Security • Army • Military Operations • Military Experience • Military • Operational Planning
• Customer Service • Research • Maintenance & Repair • Project Management
Contact this candidate