336-***-**** \.,
adv8ht@r.postjobfree.com •
metin-gunes in
Atlanta, GA Q
Metin Gunes
Incident Response
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Web Design (WordPress)/ Photoshop
Splunk (SIEM)
Cisco AMP4EP EDR
MITRE ATT&CK Framework
Wireshark, Tcpdump
Suricate &Snort Rules
Dell EDR & Taegis XDR
CERTIFICATIONS
CompTIA Security+
IBM Cyber Security Analyst
Professional Certificate
Splunk Search Expert
DDoS Attacks & Defenses
by University of Colorado
Qualys Certified Specialists
Introduction to Microsoft Azure
Cloud Services
EDUCATION
M.Ed./Leadership
University of North Carolina Greensboro
Greensboro, NC
M.A. /Math
Marmara University/Istanbul, TURKEY
B.S./Math
Minor Physics
Marmara University/Istanbul, TURKEY
PROFILE
Certified cyber security professional. Specialized in analysis and solution implementation, experienced in monitoring and analysis of potential and active threats, stopping hackers, and securing networks and applica tions by using the best practices, tools, and technologies. Math and technology lover. Strive for continues improvement and growth.Years of leadership experience developing meaningful relationships, practice of effective strategies to monitor and develop employees, having high ethical standards for self and the organiza tions served, and leading the change effectively.
EXPERIENCE
INCIDENT RESPONSE
SOLVENT CYBERSECURITY I FAIRFAX, VA
January 2021- Current
• Follow detailed operational processes and procedures to analyze,escalate and assist in remediation of security incidents.
• Liaise with the Company's Security Operation Center to respond to emerging incidents in a timely manner.
• Create and track incidents and requests with integrated Service Now (SNOW) ticketing system.
• Perform analysis of log files of Firewall, IPS, IDS, Server, and Proxy via Splunk SIEM solution.
• Analyze PCAP files, narrow down anomaly traffic with Wireshark, examine the details of the infected hosts and write IOC on executive summary reports.
• Provide analysis and containment of compromised systems and mitigate root causes.
• Identify, track, and investigate high-priority threat campaigns, malicious actors with the interest, capability and TTPs (Techniques, Tactics and Procedures).
• Research and monitor the clear, deep & dark web, hacker forums, and other channels for signs of cyber threats against customers, data breaches, leaked credentials, payment card data exposure, PII, intellectual properties, illicit/counterfeit products and services, malwares, chatter by known threat actors, discussions June 2019 - June2022
and threats.
PRINCIPAL /NETWORK SECURITY
BROWARD MATH & SCIENCE SCHOOLS I MARGATE, FL
• Worked on Network, Systems, Access Controls, Risk Monitoring, and Incident Response and Recovery
• Provided technical skills and knowledge to manage database, data, application and cloud. Worked on having Principals of CIA (Confidentiality, Integrity, and Availability)
• Purchased, monitored, supported, and analyzed usage of instructional software and materials. Implement Clever SSO integration between Student Information System and instructional Software.
• Supoort with replacing and configuring switches, installation and configuration of access points, repairing May 2016 - June 2019
DVR systems and cameras.
IT CONSULTANT
TRIAD MATH & SCIENCE ACADEMY I GREENSBORO, NC
• Facilitate the use of e-learning tools, installed and monitored other educational softwares, and evaluate and modify technology curriculum and instruction. Performed Data Analysis of district assessments, State tests,
• Assist in installation/configuration of the end to end IT infrastructures and several network devices and Install ing, operating, and maintaining basic computer hardware and software, printers and connect them to LAN.
Contact this candidate