RADHIKA CHAKLASIYA
Cincinnati, OH
· 214-***-**** · adv86t@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVE
Looking for challenging duties as a Network and Security professional in an organization that makes use of my skills for the mutual development of my career and the business.

CERTIFICATIONS
CCNA - Switching and Routing
CCNA - Security

EDUCATION
Master of Science in Information System and Cyber Security December 2022
University of the Cumberland, KY, USA

Bachelor of Engineering in Electrical Engineering June 2014
Gujarat Technological University, India

SKILLS
Networking: TCP/IP, HTTP, UDP DHCP, DNS, ARP, VPN, Firewall, Switching technology and Routing technology.
Networking and Security tools: Cisco Packet Tracer, GNS, Putty, Citrix, SCCM, Wireshark, OpenVAS, Nmap, Qualys, Burp suite, SIEM, Splunk, IDS, IPS, SAST.
Linux, MS Exchange, PowerShell, Remote Desktop, Windows Server, VMware, Microsoft SQL database, Azure, AWS, Active Directory, Python scripting, Malware Analysis, Penetration’s testing, Risk Management, Threat & Vulnerability management, Incident response, Cryptography, Change control & configuration.

EXPERIENCE
AMDOCS
Information security analyst Feb 2022- Current
Configure rapid prototype, testing, and integration of new and upgraded equipment hardware solutions to evaluate all system enhancements.
Identify weaknesses in device configurations while performing system requirement analysis and design modifications.
Responsible for performing Qualys scanning, reviewing reports, and providing mitigations simulation for operating system level and application level.
Responsible for reviewing, testing, & implementing all security controls over 100,000 devices.
Assist users and managers in their efforts to establish and maintain adequate audit trails so that sufficient evidence of computerized business activities exists to reconcile accounts, detect frauds, quickly resolve problems, and to otherwise maintain secure and reliable.
Conduct risk and vulnerability assessment of planned and installed information systems to identify vulnerabilities, risks, and protection needs before implementing into production environment configuration and maintenance.
Analysis of IDS packet data with comprehensive understanding of switching, routing, hacker methodologies and Snort IDS signature development.
Specify, design, and build a robust PKI infrastructure for authentication, digital signatures, and encryption.
Experience in building security and compliance programs with a variety of frameworks e.g., HITRUST, SOC 2, ISO 27001, HIPAA, NIST, PCI etc.
Develop and implement effective security plans according to international security standards in 5G telecommunication domain.
Write and document 5G Security RFPs for Datacenter security, cryptography, Endpoint security, Cloud security, Network security, and Application security.

Insight Enterprise
Technical Specialist- Network and Security Jun 2020- Dec 2021
Install and upgrade software applications (UNIX and Windows) and hardware components to new and/or existing IDS and firewalls.
Responsible for Implementing access control and managing rulesets/filters on specific ports, IP addresses, or customer-defined events.
Responsible for performing firewall vulnerability testing and reporting.
Responsible for developing the overall strategy and implementing different security technologies including VPN audit security gap analysis and working with vendors to implement desired security controls.
Troubleshoot user access issues, including determining cause and implementing the resolution.
Provided troubleshooting, repairs, testing, and modification of Local Area Network (LAN) / Wide Area Network (WAN) electronic equipment and services.
Assist in the administration of user access and privileges to applications/systems, ensuring that access requests are properly authorized, appropriately documented, and accurately fulfilled.

Fujitsu Network Communications (Richardson, TX)
Technical Specialist Oct 2019- Mar 2020
Provided support for users in a network enterprise environment including creation of user accounts, setting group policies, creating Exchange mailbox accounts, and installation of all required user applications.
Experience in working with TCP/IP, routing protocols, NetFlow, access-control lists, firewalls, DNS, DHCP, VPN, IPSEC, AAA, and TACACS.
Designed, integrated, and maintained consolidated network services like switches, firewall, routers.
Provided level 2/3 support and troubleshooting to resolve issues.
Troubleshoot and resolve complex customer network problems across a broad range of technologies.
Served as the information assurance network manager and played a vital role in assuring all network equipment was up to date, secure, documented and verified to maintain accreditation.
Configured Access List (Standard, Extended, and Named) to allow users all over the company to access different applications and blocking others.
Contact this candidate