Ngozi Israel Okafor
Tel:317-***-****
Email: advdqs@r.postjobfree.com

Summary
I am curious, passionate, and knowledgeable about Cyber security. I am Equipped with a top-notch experience in network and cybersecurity techniques with an extensive IT technical background. I enjoy troubleshooting to finding solutions to technical and security issues. Critical and analytical thinker who addresses client’s security issues quickly and consistently exceeds performance standards.
Skills & Technologies

Network Communication Protocols: (ICMP, IP, UDP, TCP, ARP, HTTP, HTTPS, SSL, SNMP, POP, SSH, FTP, SCP, SFTP, LAN, WAN, MAN, WLAN etc.)
Ticketing systems: ServiceNow (SNOW), Jira, salesforce, CA service Desk, Zendesk
Window Terminal Servers, 2FA, Citrix, VPN, Palo Alto, Access control list
Network/Vulnerability Scan: RSA NetWitness, Wireshark, Nmap, Nessus, Skipfish and RATS
Advanced MS Excel experience with Macro skills required.
Endpoint Security & EDR: CrowdStrike, CarbonBlack, Cortex, Traps, Palo Alto
SIEM Analytics: Splunk, Phantom, Azure Sentinel, Demisto, LogRhythm
Email Security: Symantec, Proofpoint
FireEye (NX, HX & Malware analysis), TippingPoint, Bluecoat, Iron report, Digital Guardian
Microsoft Cloud App.: Azure AD, Azure ATP, Azure Sentinel, Cloud App Security, Microsoft defender, O365 Protection & Security
Windows desktop operating systems (XP/7/8/10), Window patching management, Linux and Mac
Microsoft office applications: Word, Power-point, Excel, project and Outlook, Google drive
Active Directory, LDAP, DMZ, BIG IP, SharePoint, IPS, IDS, DLP, PCI compliance, HIPAA, NVD, NIST
Java, C language, Python, HTML, JavaScript.
Patient, flexible, diligent, quick learner, exceptional communication skill

Professional Work Experience

Home Zone
Cyber Security Analyst April 2020 – Till date
Maintain log analysis using SIEM Tools.
Provide and review incidents related to Application/ mobile security.
Addresses real time security incidents as faced by the organization.
Uses threat intelligence such as updated rules and Indicators of Compromise (IOCs) to pinpoint affected systems and the extent of the attack.
Conducted security vulnerability and risk assessments using social engineering to identify
Analyses running processes and configs on affected systems.
Provide analysis and trending of security log data from many heterogeneous security devices, including firewalls, email secure gateway, servers, endpoints, and various monitoring log sources
Identify response and remediation actions based on threat. Identify appropriate IT personnel and contact them using a methodical and structured approach.
Help with improving/updating playbook/runbook.
Work closely with other security teams to help resolve and remediate security incidents
Collaborate closely with Cyber Threat Hunt Teams.
Support the Security Incident Response Team in evaluating security alerts, events, and incidents detected by automated logging and Security Incident and Event Management (SIEM) tools.
Support the Security Incident Response Team and Security Operations Center in evaluating security alerts, events, and incidents detected by automated logging and Security Incident and Event Management (SIEM) tools and Security Reporting tools/ticketing tool.
Perform threat analysis using both in house and OSINT tools.
Monitor network for malicious activity.
CrowdStrike and Defender, identifying attacks in real time to drive faster threat response

Bosman Enterprises
SOC Analyst I February 2017- February 2020
Monitored computer virus reports to determine when to update virus protection systems
Created and updated security event investigation notes, conduct shift change reports on open cases, and maintain case data in the Incident Response Management platform
Captured suspicious emails going to external senders from our internal users whose email was flagged for ethical red flags or certain words configured to be.
Utilized Symantec endpoint tools to determine if embedded links within incoming emails are malicious
Conducted security vulnerability and risk assessments using social engineering to identify system liabilities and develop remediation plans and security procedures.
Followed the investigation, track and analyze advanced persistent threat (APT) groups, cyber threats and security reporting and open source intelligent (OSINT).
Gained understanding of cloud technology field by studying the National Institute of Standards in Technology (NIST) Risk Management Framework for Cloud and National Initiative for Cybersecurity Education (NICE) framework.
Evaluated cloud security alternatives and formulated cloud technology solutions.

Esparola Cyber Café June 2008- November 2011
IT Help Desk Analyst
Provides technical support to users by researching and answering questions, troubleshooting problems, and maintaining workstation and LAN performance. Provides answers to clients by identifying problems, researching answers, and guiding clients through corrective steps. Interacting with customers by phone or in-person to resolve their computer problems related to software and hardware issues to help them get back up running smoothly again

Education:

High School Diploma-1999
St. Gregory’s College

Computer Hardware Engineer- 2003
Lexington Computer college

Bsc Business Administration - 2012
Girne American University Cyprus
Certifications:

CompTIA Security + -2022
Contact this candidate