BISMARK DANSO
Bronx/NY ~ 347-***-**** ~ advgny@r.postjobfree.com
Http://www.linkedin.com/in/bismarkdanso
US Navy Veteran CompTIA Sec+, CND & CEH SECRET Security Clearance (Active)

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
US Navy Veteran of over 11 years who worked as a steelworker and Team Leader while serving our country. Presently hold an Active Secret Clearance. Spent the last 5 years in law enforcement (NYPD) but always held a strong interest in the Information Technology industry and decided it was time to pursue a professional career in IT. Started graduate level of education in cybersecurity technology at UMGC, IVMF CORE online COHORT at University of Syracuse, NY, and ACI Learning Company for Information Technology and Cyber Security courses gaining a strong cyber security foundation with training for the CompTIA Security+, Certified Network Defender (CND), and Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) certifications. Obtained a Graduate certification in Cybersecurity Technology and plan to secure Security+ by October 2022. Seeking entry-level opportunities in areas including Cyber Security Specialist, Information Security Auditor, Information Security Analyst, Site Security Administrator, Data Security Analyst, and more.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Software & Systems:
Microsoft Windows (XP, Vista, 7, 8, 8.1, 10, 11), Mac OSX, iOS
Microsoft Office Suite (2003, 2007, 2010, 2013, 2016, and 365), Norton Antivirus, McAfee, AVG, LogMeIn, Discord, Adobe products, Microsoft Exchange, and iCloud
Hardware:
Identification of hardware and replacement
Diagnosing and troubleshooting hardware issues. Perform upgrades and maintenance support. Computer hardware, Storage capabilities & network support
Networking:
TCP/IP, LAN, WAN, VLAN, Wi-Fi, VPN, VOIP
Cybersecurity:
NetFlow, PCAP, Packet capture, Wireshark, Splunk, ArcSight, APT, TTP, threat, malware, cyber, NMAP, IDS, IPS. LDAP

TECHNICAL TRAINING
ACI Learning Center (Virtual Campus) Denver, CO
Information Security Analyst Program
Completion Dates:
CompTIA SEC+ (SYO-601) September 2022
Certified Ethical Hacker (312-50) September 2022
Certified Network Defender (312-38) September 2022
Hardware Security February 2021
Software Security February 2021
Usable Security February 2021

CERTIFICATIONS
Graduate Cert
Graduate Cert in Cybersecurity Technology Date obtained: June 2022
CompTIA Sec+ SYO-601 Certification Exp: December 2025
Certified Ethical Hacker 312-50 Exp: January 2026
Certified Network Defender Certification 312-38 (Pending) Anticipated Examination Date: March 2023

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
VA NY Harbor Healthcare System NEW YORK, NY
Information Security Intern 03/2021 – 09/2022
Identify security threats. Harden internal systems and services, Harden internetwork devices and services, Secure network communications, and manage a PKI. Manage certificates, enforce an organizational security policy, and monitor the security infrastructure.
Basic computer literacy. Basic PC operating system navigation skills. Basic Internet usage skills. Basic IP addressing knowledge.
Computer network and defense fundamentals. Network security threats, vulnerabilities, and attacks. Network security controls, protocols, and devices. Network security policy design and implementation. Physical security. Host security.
Secure firewall configuration and management. Secure IDS configuration and management. Secure VPN configuration and management. Wireless network defense. Network traffic monitoring analysis. Network risk and vulnerability management. Data backup and recovery Network incident response and management.
Footprinting and reconnaissance. Scanning networks. System hacking. Malware threats. Sniffing. Social engineering. Denial of service. Session hijacking. Hacking web servers and web applications. SQL injection. Hacking wireless networks. Hacking mobile platforms. Evading IDS, firewalls, and honeypots. Cryptography. Knowledge of TCP/IP. Information systems and security background.

ACCOUNTemps, A Robert Half Company NEW YORK, NY
Cybersecurity Specialist 08/2019 – 03/2021
Provides senior consultative services to stakeholders on new, emerging, and/or most complex IAM security and compliance developments, including SOX, SOC-1, and SOC-2, GBLA, and others.
Evaluates and interprets internal and enterprise IAM policies, processes, and standards, and influences compliance and control decisions on net new or material changes to IT assets.
Directs information security risk assessment and analysis and recommends remediation plans and strategies.
Provides strategic leadership in responding to IT audit, compliance, and issue management requirements on behalf of the IAM domain.
Lead and Coordinate with stakeholders across lines of business for resolution within the target timeline.
Review compliance standards and evaluate risks and controls around role management, provisioning and De-provisioning of access, credential enrollment, secrets management, access policy management, authorization policy management, segregation of duties, and management of entitlement metadata.
Work associated with the Automated and manual management of roles, entitlements, discretionary access, and credentials as part of their respective lifecycles.

MILITARY EXPERIENCE.
United States Navy Afghanistan & Bahrain
Computer Defense Specialist (IT) 08/2013 – 07/ 2022
Monitor client networks through defensive measures and information collected from various sources to identify, analyze, and report events that occur or might occur within the network to protect the information, information systems, and networks from threats.
Job Duties:
Detect host and network-based intrusions via intrusion detection technologies.
Characterize and analyze network traffic to identify anomalous activity and potential threats to network resources.
Perform computer network defense (CND) trend analysis and reporting.
Perform event correlation using information gathered from a variety of sources within the enterprise to gain situational awareness and determine the effectiveness of an observed attack.
Receive and analyze network alerts from various sources within the enterprise and determine possible causes of such alerts.
Conduct tests of information assurance (IA) safeguard in accordance with established test plans and procedures
Identify and analyze anomalies in network traffic using metadata.
Identify and triage the malware.
Create technically detailed reports based on intrusions and events.
Assist in troubleshooting and problem-solving a wide variety of client issues.
Provide quality customer service with excellent communication skills.

EDUCATION
The University of Maryland Global Campus Global Campus, MD
Graduate Certificate in Cybersecurity Technology Completion Date: July 2022
GPA 3.33/4.00
Lehman College Bronx, NY
Bachelor of Arts in Accounting Completion Date: May 2018
GPA 3.14/4.00 Cape Coast, Ghana
Cape Coast Technical College Completion Date: Apr 2010
HND Accountancy studies
Contact this candidate