Boimah Richards
Location: Lawrenceville, GA *****
Phone: 470-***-**** : Email: advgtx@r.postjobfree.com

EXPERIENCE WITH TOP SKILLS REQUIRED:

Boimah has over 22+ years of experience as a Technical Support Consultant/ Analyst / Team lead. Provide support services to clients and programs that provide services. Conduct process evaluation on an ongoing basis. Provide supportive services to ensure efficiency and client satisfaction.
Provided maintenance of service documents, execution of performance objectives and support of service-level agreements. Managed large groups of computers providing remote control, patch management, operating system deployment, software distribution, and hardware and software inventory. Experienced in configuration and support experience in a Windows 2000/2003/2008 Server environment with HP Overview, OVO monitoring tool configure and support Blackberry, laptop and desktop - (Access Point (AP) - Wireless network). Working experience with Dell, HP and IBM standalone servers (Hardware & Software) Network Security Management -Administering Security and Access Rights - Security Access Management/ Identity Management. Facilitated troubleshooting solutions for Android & Apple devices. Experience supporting Windows server 2008, MAC OS X, Snow Leopard, Lion, Yosemite, Windows XPSP3, Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, Office 2007, and Office 2010
Experience in sales support, customer service support, and technical solutions support, overall management for Cisco CSA. Experience in computing platforms/operating systems and familiarity with security tools/applications that support PC and server environments, specifically Whole Disk Encryption, Anti-Virus, Host Based Intrusion Prevention, Data Leakage Technology, Software Delivery solutions and Active Directory. Experience as a Team Lead on a project at PDI to migrate to Windows NT servers and Windows NT workstations of more than 4000 PCs.

CERTIFICATIONS:
● MCSE
● CCNA
● A+
● CompTIA Security+
● Active Directory Service
● CCNA Training, Minneapolis, MN
● Cisco Certified Network
● CNA Training, Minneapolis, MN
● Certified Novell Administrator
● 20+ years of systems network operations & installations, and provide support services

SKILLS:
● Documentation
● Layer 2/3 Troubleshooting
● Operation and Maintenance (O&M)
● Ethernet/Fiber optic cabling
● Switch/Router configuration
● Site survey/Hardware installation (Rack/Stack)
● Customer Service
● Cisco CLI
● Layer 2/3 Switching
● Routing protocols: OSPF/EIGRP/BGP
● IPv4 addressing and subnetting
● Access Control Lists (ACL)
● Network Security concepts and best-practices
● Network monitoring software and too

PROFESSIONAL WORK EXPERIENCE:

American Eagle Institute - Phoenix, AZ February 2020 - November 2022
Technical Support Consultant
● Provided hardware and software support for clients. Understanding client's needs, and developing strategies to meet those needs.
● Documented all requirements and reported them to upper management.
● Support based on client’s needs. Created documentation to support all procedures that were carried out.
● Involved in training and supporting general desktop software and hardware on-site and remotely.
● Working skills in Group Policy Objects (GPO). Required to offer technical solutions and advisory services to clients and work jointly with management and others as required. Quite knowledgeable or familiar with MECM or SCCM, WSUS, Windows 10 and SMS - Microsoft Endpoint Configuration Manager, previously called System Center Configuration Manager and Systems Management Server. Duties included but were not limited to level-2 Technical Analyst. The role included some Systems Analyst level-3.
● Handle trouble tickets using Remedy and ServiceNow
● Proficient using Azure(Azure Active Directory)
● Familiar with Microsoft systems management software products & Supported mac and windows PC environments.
● Proficient with Infoblox: Manager DNS & DHCP changes
● Managed large groups of computers providing remote control, patch management, operating system deployment, software distribution, and hardware and software inventory.
● Extensive experience in Virtual Machines Desktop support, Windows 10 and Mac OSX Compliance Management Hardware Maintenance. Perform hardware and software repairs on PC and Mac
● Working knowledge of sharing network resources through Microsoft Distributed File System (DFS)
● Working knowledge with some Anti-Virus software like (Endpoint Protection - Endpoint Security, Norton Anti-Virus, SUPERAntiSpyware Professional, and Trend Micro - Cyber Security & Anti-Virus Company).
● Working knowledge of Office 365. Familiar with Microsoft Office product - Microsoft Office 365 was later launched to super-set Office 365 with windows 10.
Proficient knowledge of VMware - vSpere and vCenter
● Working experience supporting and troubleshooting desktops, laptops, mobile phones including IP phones etc
● Working knowledge of AD - Active Directory Services that run on Windows server.
● Worked with AD to store and organize information relating to people as users and groups, devices, and services like security levels that are connected to the network.

Leopard Garden Workshop – January 2019 – December 2019
Marketing Strategist/Instructor/Educator
● Sales/Marketing/Business Training
Marketing strategist/ instructor for more than 6 years of highly skilled in overseeing research study activities, recruiting talented support staff and supervising office staff. Talented in guiding all functions relating to research studies, analysis, and reporting. Acquire and maintain a strong understanding of recruitment requirements. Working knowledge of recruitment marketing strategies.
Support recruiter's teams in developing research protocols in marketing. Obtain informed consent from research subjects and guardians to explain possible side effects and potential outcomes of strategies used in research. Educated team participants and addressed concerns. Maintained a management record system to document essential information on all projects. Studied the effects of recruiting teams at various levels to drive findings and advancement in our strategies. Experience in customer relationship management systems. Helped the marketing team achieve success. Knowledgeable in job sponsorship sites. (Linked, Indeed, eMerchant etc). Run lead-generation marketing campaigns for small businesses.

State Farm Insurance Companies Phoenix, Arizona January 2016 – December 2018
Customer Engineer /Desktop Specialist

●Provided support for general desktop software and hardware on-site and remote access. Provided support for Microsoft AD which included managing users and devices. Installed and supported ActivTrak software. Applicable for account creation and team management. Remote capability and team control access and monitoring. Extensive working knowledge Property Management System (PMS) software- (Control, organize, and execute operations and day-to-day activities [using PMS]). Managed Apple devices and various hardware with software conflicts to find resolutions. Migrate Windows and Mac workstations to new domain included but not limited to troubleshooting and configuring Microsoft Authenticator and Single Sign On (SSO). Technical experience in Office 365 products.

Cvs/Caremark August 2011 – December 2015
Senior Analyst, Telecommunications – Scottsdale, Arizona
● Monitor Network, Maintain Monitoring, support the network, and handle special project work and Configuration Systems. Reporting, Capacity planning, Compliance/Audit remediation, project meetings, change control meetings, telecom data change implementation, use HEAT to create change tickets.
● Handle trouble tickets using HP Service Manager. Grid Manager - Infoblox: Manager DNS & DHCP changes:
● Experience related to Active Directory Users and Computers (add user, delete user & move user. Track network devices in our inventory using Asset Manager and all things that help us maintain the safety and security of our systems

State Farm Insurance Companies October 2009 – July 2011
Senior Technical Analyst – Tempe, Arizona
● Operation Maintenance and Defense of Army Communications in Southwest Asia and Central Asia
● Responsibility includes but is not limited to installing security patches, rebooting servers, and following scheduled system maintenance windows to apply system patches as appropriate in the change management environment.
● Worked on Recovery tasks, Change Tasks and incident records on a daily basis.
● Worked on Production servers, Test servers and agency servers of more than 12,000 Windows servers nationwide.

Supervalu, Hopkins, Minnesota May 2006 – September 2009
Senior Systems Analyst
● Provide internal support and administration for Windows XP Professional and Windows Servers 2003.
● Administer users, groups and computers using Active Directory (AD) and SMS.
● The transition from SMS 2003 to SCCM 2007.
● Provide engineering, testing, implementation, and technical and operational support
● Experience creating VB scripts, VB.NET for automation - linking .html and .bat files etc.
● Configure and support Blackberry, laptops and desktops - (Access Point (AP) - Wireless network).
● Administering Security and Access Rights - Security Access Management
● Identification, authentication and authorization methods.
● Accountability and monitoring practices to look up possible threats to access control practices and technologies.
● A 24-7 environment and the first point of contact for technical issues within the Distribution Center (Grocery Marketplace).
● Trouble ticket-(diagnoses and resolves issues) - provide hardware or software assistance and problem resolution.
● Provide support for wireless upgrades or implementations.
● Perform Server and Information Security Analyst duties and manage all user access. Responsible for access authorization of more than 3000 users on the Supervalu platform. For example, Mainframe, AS400, UNIX, Lawson, Oracle, People soft, Lotus
● Notes, AXSONE, Chargeback, SVHarbor, Active Directory Services, HPOV, SMS, Network Topologies, Microsoft O/S 2000/2003, Microsoft Office, Application Manager, Red Prairie, Clarity etc.
● Novell Administrator - Create/modify/delete user accounts in a Novell environment.
● Support Novell Netware - Netware 4. x, Netware 5. x, Netware 6.0 and Netware 6.5.
● Support and troubleshoot Windows 2000/2003 servers
● Conducts routine hardware and software audits to ensure compliance with established standards, policies and configuration guidelines.
● Recently completed a conversion from Novell Netware 6.5 to Windows servers in an Active Directory environment.
● Monitoring of the platform, ongoing optimization of the platform, agent code evaluation & uplift, problem investigation & troubleshooting metrics reporting.
● Assist with UNIX, NT, VPN, and Encryption technologies.
● Big Brother monitoring tool - shareware.
● Monitor UNIX systems, set up as a secondary ping monitor for Windows.
● Review behavior of network & telecommunications security.
● Familiar with Microsoft Operations Manager (MOM) - monitoring tool.
● Working knowledge in application security, Intrusion Detection Design, Implementation and Analysis.
● Develop and maintain a comprehensive operating system hardware and software configuration database/library of all supporting documentation.
● Performs software installations and upgrades to operating systems and layered software packages

Qwest Enterprise Networking Minneapolis, Minnesota December 2003 – April 2006
Network/Systems Consultant
● Experience in sales support, customer service support, and technical solutions support - Qwest High-speed, internet, DSL & phone services.
● Provide support for Windows 2000 Professional and Windows XP rollout. Administration of Windows Server 2000 and 2003, SQL Server 6.5 and 2000, Dell servers, Dell/EMC, storage array, and Cisco switches. Set up Cisco routers and switches. Also worked as a NOC operator. The NOC creates tickets for future events such as planned outages or network moves.
● Analyzed, designed, configured and supported computer networks.
● Monitored network performance via HP Open View, Remedy, NetCool and NerverCenter.
● Provided support for desktop hardware, operating systems and applications software.
● Provide network operations support - (LAN and WAN) and all load balancer and firewall devices.
● Working knowledge with SMS.
● Microsoft Operations Manager (MOM) - monitoring tool.
● Administer Windows systems environment using Active directory
● Team lead on the project to migrate to Windows NT servers and Windows NT workstations of more than 4000 PCs.
● Planned, installed, implemented, administered and supported Windows NT 4.0, Windows 2000 server, and Professional and Advanced server.

Allina Hospitals and Clinics November 2003 – December 2003
Systems Engineer - St. Paul Minnesota
● Extensive work on the project to image, configure and install Windows NT workstations of more than 280 new HP and Compaq PCs and 20 HP 4200 Printers.
● Image, deploy, and set up profiles on the computers for three Allina locations in the twin cities. We also uninstalled or cleaned all old hard drives from users' desks. All users were given new PCs and set up on printers of their choice.
● Checked the wiring closet to ensure the switch's connection was established. If not, connect the data jack to the switch with a pitch cable.

Qwest Enterprise Networking Minneapolis, Minnesota February 2003 – November 2003
I.T. Consultant - TEKsystems
● Short contract to provide support for general desktop software/hardware and network support.
● Installed, configured and provided technical support for Windows 2000 Professional and Server and Windows XP rollout.
● Support for Microsoft Office Products.

Medtronic, Inc. Fridley, Minnesota May 2000 – January 2003
Manager
● Reviewed behaviour of network & telecommunications security.
● Data Center Operations experience.
● Report Writer knowledge mainly with (Access report) some hands-on Crystal Reports.
● Assisted with UNIX, NT, VPN, and Encryption technologies.
● Firewall Architecture design, implementation and administration.
● Wireless security design and deployment.
● Worked in application security, Intrusion Detection Design, Implementation and Analysis.
● Monitored network connectivity and devices connected to the network.
● Provided fault isolation to the network connection or the network device through remote access and testing procedures.
● Cabling - install cables, connections and cross-connects to the data centre and customer equipment.
● The level of access and type of testing performed is definable by the Network Operations Center (NOC) fault isolation tool set.
● Creation of a Vantive trouble ticket for each network fault detected by the Network Operations Center (NOC) automated monitoring system or reported by Customer defined Contacts. The NOC also creates tickets for future events such as planned outages or network moves.
● Analyzed, designed, configured and supported computer networks.
● Familiarity working with trouble ticketing and change management systems.
● Good written and oral communication skills. Good customer service support skills/experience.
● Strong problem solver with the ability to analyze problems and make quick decisions.
● Cisco CSA, computing platform, Microsoft and relevant IT security accreditation are beneficial.
● Provided support for monitoring network performance via HP OpenView, Remedy, NetCool and NerverCenter.
● Performed light troubleshooting of Cisco routers and switches.

EDUCATION:
● Pursuing an Online Master’s degree in CyberSecurity at Regent University
● MBA Online Continuing education classes National American University
● B.Sc. Degree in Management Information Systems with an emphasis in Computer Networking National American University
● Associate Degree in PC/LAN Administrator Brown Institute College of Technology Mendota Heights, MN West Computer Science Institute
Contact this candidate