Michael Coats Gilbert, AZ 626-***-**** advku3@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn
SECURITY ANALYST
Cybersecurity Professional with years of experience leveraging expertise in IT and Computer/Digital Forensics to design new programs aligned with industry trends in cybersecurity. Recognized for exhibiting an ability to retrieve and analyze forensic evidence utilizing best practices in forensics and software analytics to ensure systems maintained in alignment with security standards. Possess Security+ certification and continuously engage in additional training and learning to strengthen foundations in core computer and information security topics.
Core Expertise
Database Management Incident Response Event Management
Internet Security Social Engineering Information Security
Endpoint Security Phishing Incident Reporting
Vulnerability Management Digital & Computer Forensics Security Monitoring
Knowledge & Technologies
Secure Shell TCP Wireshark
Splunk McAfee Forcepoint
MS Azure CrowdStrike MS Defender
FTK Imager Symantec Environment Protection Agari
Professional Experience
PayPal
Information Security Officer 2022 – 2023
Leveraged expertise in cybersecurity policies to provide strategic insight and guidance to support application implementation and upgrades, ensured compliance with regulatory and corporate policy.
Engaged in extensive research to identify, understand, and define security infrastructure strategy and architecture to support enterprise systems.
Led the policy definition of security standards and established configurations in alignment with security guidelines.
Introduced security measures that focused on blocking malicious software attacks across 13+ servers by auditing system and adding antiviral rule to detect similar software based on hash values.
Discovered phishing email sent to internal executives and advised teams on a new password management policy, which led to the prevention of a major credential breach and strengthened security posture.
Recognized for consistently applying industry trending analysis and methodologies to secure and prevent security threats.

CVS
Information Security Engineer 2019-2022
Fostered relationships with clients and recommended solutions at 8+ client-facing security meetings, presented trends, statistics, and warning information to each client, as applicable.
Analyzed network and host-based security applicant logs for 6+ devices and ensured the proper remediation actions and escalation paths for each incident were deployed, analyzed and eradicated malicious activities and documented actions for management auditing and review.
Developed new processes and procedures, which improved incident response times by more than 15%.

TANGENT TECHNOLOGIES/DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY
Security Operations Analyst 2018-2019
Investigated intrusion attempts and performed in-depth root cause analysis to identify source of exploits, provided strategic input to develop remediation plans.

Security Operations Analyst, continued
Incorporated best practices in the design and development of new procedures and processes focused on overhauling incident response times, incident analysis, and security management.
Developed incident, security status, and daily shift change reports to support ongoing operations and maintain detailed records for auditing.
Analyzed security events from Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) system and network traffic from network and host-based security logs to identify threats and determine proper escalation paths.

ORANGE COAST TITLE COMPANY
Computer Information Systems Assist 2016-2018
Maintained integrity, availability, and continual operation of more than three servers and network equipment, consisting of operation systems, peripherals, software, and hardware.
Resolved IT infrastructure problems to maintain computer software, hardware, networking, and phone equipment.
Trained 16 end users on best practices to mitigate social engineering, proper device use, and internet safety, leading to a reduction in security-related incidents.
Managed software systems throughout testing, analysis, upgrades, and retirement phases.
Guided decision-making on new technology adoptions and software procurement, ensuring all adoption systems would maintain system performance and availability standards.
Developed IT policies and documents surrounding use, best practices, and security standards for desktop, software, peripherals, backup solutions, upgrades, and network infrastructure.

WELLS FARGO
Desktop Support 2016-2016
Collaborated with team of six to configure, install, and maintain voice and data equipment for more than 30 end users.
Mentored, coached, and trained 3+ junior support engineers with responsibility for providing guidance on best practices in system operations, backups, and diagnostics.
Facilitated and provided strategic input for the business continuation plan, developed test cases and performed various assessments to evaluate systems to support the plan.
Leveraged knowledge of company policy, quality, security, and compliance requirements to support IT operations, analyzed impact of technical alternatives on system environment.

XEROX CORPORATION
Valo Technician 2006-2016
Installed circuit boards, kits, and identification marking software in industrial printers.
Executed software diagnosis to ensure customer compliance with regulations to maintain security posture and maintenance of business solutions.
Led product testing and evaluations to assess security posture and ensure security compliance with customer needs, validated proper system functionality after configuration.
Troubleshot, repaired, and conducted regular printer upgrades to support 100+ end users.
Additional Experience
Laptop/Printer Technician, Nexicore Engineer, U.S. Navy
Education & Certifications
Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Systems, Devry University
Associate of Science in Electronic and Computer Technology, Devry University
Security+, COMPTIA
Contact this candidate