,Jhansi Gajjala Miami, Florida.
Phone: +1-786-***-****
E-mail: advk3m@r.postjobfree.com

CAREER PROFILE

AWS professional Over 5 years of experience in various stages of SDLC including, setting up and managing Cloud Infrastructure (compute, storage, networking, IAM, security), Kubernetes, Google cloud, CI/CD, DevOps Pipelines, Managing containerized applications, Development, deployment, and maintenance of SQL, No-SQL databases, Application migration to the cloud.

KEY SKILLS

Cloud Environments: Amazon Web Services (AWS), Azure DevOps
Configuration Management Tools: Chef, Puppet, Ansible, Maven
Containerization Tools: Docker, Kubernetes, REST API
Virtualization: VMWare ESX/ESXi, Windows Hyper-V, Virtual box, Vagrant, Visual Studios
Operating Systems: Linux (Red Hat 4/5/6/7, CENTOS), Ubuntu 12/13/14, Windows NT 2000/2003
Automation Tools: Jenkins, Terraform, CloudFormation
Web Servers: Nginx, Apache Tomcat, XML, WSDL
Database: AWS RDS, Aurora, DynamoDB, MySQL, MS SQL SERVER 2008/12, MongoDB
Scripting languages: Python, Power shell, Java, Bash, Perl, Go
Networking/Protocol: WAN, TCP/IP, SMTP, LAN, FTP
Version Control Tools: GIT, Bitbucket, GIT Lab, CVS
Monitoring Tools: Nagios XI, Splunk, Cloud Watch, Zabbix, DataDog
Application Servers: Oracle Web Logic (8/9/10), JBOSS

CGI Inc., Bangalore. Jan 2020 – Aug 2021
DevOps Engineer Responsibilities:
Hands on experience in building and maintaining infrastructure of all the application layers on AWS and Azure including AWS EC2, EKS, RDS, Elastic ache, SQS as Message Queues, S3 for Storage and Amazon MQ, Azure Virtual Machines, Azure SQL, Synapse, AKS, App Service for compute
Built Networking and Security components such as AWS VPCs, Transit Gateways, Public and Private Subnets, NAT Gate ways, Security Groups, Routing Tables, NACL, Azure VNets, Sub nets, Network Security Groups, Azure AD
Developed robust infrastructure for applications to handle varying loads, provide high availability and zero down- time rollouts using Auto Scaling groups, Load Balancers, Immutable Infrastructure with fully backed images.
Configured CloudFront CDN with multiple origins and behaviors to cache front end web applications and storage objects. Built Lambda Edge functions to provide custom routing, URL rewrites and redirects based on request parameters
Setup CloudWatch to track AWS system’s metrics and provide alerts through SNS based on usage thresholds
Utilized Elasticsearch (ELK Stack) to collect application logs and metrics such as error rate, response latency
Implemented extensive application monitoring by leveraging various Elasticsearch technologies such as Application Performance Monitoring (APM) for telemetry, Heartbeat for Uptime Monitoring, Kibana for dashboards and visualizations
Setup build and release pipelines using Jenkins to test, build, package/containerize application code

from Source Control, push image to private container repositories and deploy to different environments.
Deployed various Kubernetes components including Deployments, Services, Ingress controllers, Cluster, PVCs to run back end Java and NodeJS applications
Developed, deployed, and managed Kubernetes clusters hosting mission critical microservices utilizing managed Kubernetes clusters on Azure (AKS) and AWS (EKS)
Setup and employed Rancher to manage multiple Kubernetes clusters and perform day to day operations, monitoring, and security
Employed Kubernetes design patterns including operators, service discovery, side car containers etc to run stateful applications such as Prometheus for monitoring
Experienced in building Terraform modules (Infrastructure As Code) to deploy repeatable cloud infrastructure on AWS and Azure.

Ken Minds IT Solutions Pvt Ltd, Hyderabad, India. Jun 2017 – Dec 2019 DevOps Engineer

Responsibilities:

Implemented a production-ready, load-balanced, highly available, fault-tolerant, Auto-scaling Kubernetes infrastructure, and microservice container orchestration.
Deployed and managed Kubernetes resources, such as pods, services, and deployments, within the cluster.
Configured Jenkins for continuous integration, fast feedback, and Jenkins Pipeline to support implementing and integrating continuous delivery pipelines in Jenkins.
Developed Jenkins pipeline to drive all microservices builds out to the Docker registry.
Used tracking tool Jira and triaged the issues. Analyze and resolve conflicts related to the merging of source code for GIT.
Managing the cloud AWS EC2, VPC, S3, ELB, CloudFormation, and CloudWatch.
Lead the cloud infrastructure maintenance effort using a combination of Jenkins, Ansible, and Kubernetes for Automating CI/CD pipeline in AWS.
Worked on Branching and Merging, Resolving Branching Strategy maintaining Branching strategy using GIT.
Automated AWS infrastructure via Kubernetes and Jenkins - software and services configuration via the Ansible playbook.
Creating the Jenkins jobs, implemented continuous integration using Jenkins, involved in Tomcat administration.
Worked with Jenkins for any automation builds which are integrated with GIT as part of infrastructure automation under continuous integration (CI).
Containerized microservice application using Docker and manage containers using Kubernetes

Relevant Internships

Atlantis University IT Security Analyst (Miami, USA). Oct 2021 – Oct 2022

Working with Information Security Team to improve cybersecurity and compliance at the university's Digital Forensic Laboratory using Splunk and assisting detection and preventing cyber-crimes.

Spiro Solutions Software Engineer (Chennai, India). July 2015 - May 2016

Evaluated data on cloud and filtered duplicate data, rectifying data redundancy utilizing JavaScript and Eclipse

Project’s

YouTube Video Downloader [GUI Python] May 2014

•User must copy the URL link of the YouTube video and paste into the application.
•It manages the time and usage if internet even in the places where there is no internet connection.

EDUCATION MASTER OF SCIENCE IN INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY- GPA: 3.8 Oct 2022
Atlantis University, Miami- Florida.
BACHELOR OF COMPUTER SCIENCE- GPA: 3.2 July 2016
Yogi Vemana University, India.
Contact this candidate