YACINE GAYE
advqzu@r.postjobfree.com
980-***-****

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
Over fourteen years of IT system and business analysis experience in client facing environments.
Demonstrated ability to be a self-starter, work independently within a team with minimal
direction, while multi-tasking.

SKILLS
Agile, Scrum Master, Strong Project Management skills, C, C++, JAVA, Avaya CentreVu, SharePoint, Oracle/SQL, HTML, Visual Basic, Access, Microsoft Suite, Adobe Acrobat Professional, Phishnet (proprietary software for detection and mitigation of phishing websites), Quality Center, Omni, EXP AG, OBIEE, Clarity, CAPTIVA, Unified Workflow, Excellent interpersonal and communication skills.

EXPERIENCE

TIAA Charlotte, NC 2016 - Present
Business Management Analyst– Innovation and Automation

Business Management, focused on delivering automation solutions as they pertain to workflow applications in order to increase productivity, quality and cost
Drive the day-to day execution of business planning and business management /support activities, ensuring alignment with business strategy
Serve as coach and provide consultative expertise to peers and our business partners
Identify process gaps and design & implement solutions
Gather and synthesize large quantities of data to identify trends, understand opportunities and frame, design and implement business solutions
Create systems and tools that improve resources utilization and productivity
Support the development of programs that help drive IIO strategic priorities with respect to process excellence
Partner and consult with stakeholders to ensure adoption and solutions execution for process reengineering solutions
Effectively identify and prioritize workload ensuring completion, including the need to multi task as necessary
Ability to effectively document business requirements into a FDD, BRD, RD, and testing documentations as well UAT testing purposes.
Provide reporting on workflow systems data using SQL/Oracle and translate the data into a readable format using excel for business partners and senior management.
Implementation of workflow solutions by executing codes and updates directly against the back end oracle database

TIAA Charlotte, NC 08/08- Present
Senior Process and Controls Analyst – Technology Risks and Controls

Omni Profile Remediation. Analyzes data related to Omni Plus profile transactions, ensuring segregation of duties are maintained in accordance with business rules and SAS70 (SSAE 16), while practicing Lean Methodologies
Conducts stakeholder interviews and workshops across functional domains to understand current state challenges and align future state processes to drive simplification, and improvements in efficiency, processing costs, and productivity.
Responsible for partnering or influencing cross functional teams and drive the design and build of new processes, standards, procedures and controls as they relate to workflow.
Quickly and effectively understands business issues and challenges and translates them into roadmap requirements and objectives
Perform all routine administration tasks associated with the maintenance of EXP AG workflow and Omni Plus profiles as necessary.
Apply excellent knowledge of root cause analysis, remediation, requirements gathering, business process documentation/reengineering and information security best practices within the financial services industry.
Respond to written and verbal business user inquiries related to EXP AG workflow and Omni Plus profile administration.
Working knowledge of Service Now delivery plans and service level commitments
Manage Service Now Incidents and mailbox inquiries as they are assigned to our team.
Develop and update workflow diagrams in accordance with business operations and administrative changes by using Visio and Adobe Acrobat for delivery.
Document administrative processes such as SOPs and procedures
Participate on project teams to improve operational and administrative processes as assigned.
Facilitate scoping meeting with our business partners to understand various investment products and gather proper requirements for enhancements within EXP AG.
Develop project plans and Technical Design Documents for EXP AG workflow requests to facilitate execution.
Update and Maintain project site in SharePoint to ensure proper document sharing within the project team
Implement EXP AG workflow projects by executing codes and updates directly against the database
Follow Change management and Release management process during IT releases for the team’s internal projects
Prepares and coordinate test plans, review and analyze data as required.
Conduct testing to support project deliverables and administrative process changes as necessary.
Prepares reports to adequately document test findings for review by management
Work closely with team members and internal clients to ensure success of projects.
Provide assistance to team members and internal clients as issues rise.
Work with auditors to provide assistance with translating entitlements for Omni and EXP AG profile.
Perform QA and QC for various implementation activities for workflow related projects and inquiries.
Provide reporting on EXP AG data using SQL/Oracle and translate data into a readable format using excel.
Assist in Captiva related issues

Aerotek / Bank of America, Charlotte, NC 07/06-04/08
Senior Information Security Analyst
Documentation of operation and systems business requirements and process streamlining using six sigma strategies.
Root cause analysis and corrective actions.
Information Security Risk Management
Administration of anti phishing proprietary software, detection and mitigation of phishing websites.
Triage phishing incidents including monitoring proprietary software to identify new phishing sites, communicating with Internet Service Providers (ISPs) to initiate the appropriate actions for site shut down.
Developed professional relationships with ISP Abuse Specialists and government anti-fraud specialist.
Participated in the development of and internal anti-phishing solutions.
Served as initial contact for reporting Information Security incidents by phone and email.
Coordinated resolution of incidents originating from internet phishing, hacking, and social engineering with the Information Security Cyber Investigations team.
Analyzed internal report data to detect spam email and possible malware, reported trends to the appropriate line of business and corporate management.
Developed routine reports and adhoc database queries using SQL and other query languages to assist in the analysis of data.
Defined database structures and access controls.
Revoked access for lost and stolen laptops.

Celestica. Charlotte, NC 11/02-09/04
Technician and Designer
Performed a variety of diagnostic and maintenance tasks for computer networks and devices to support business operations.
Assisted in design, repair, upgrade and troubleshooting hardware, software and basic system operations for Nortel Communication Systems, IBM, and the New-York Stock Exchange
Maintained current knowledge of Networking System Management, Computer Add Design, Software Design and AC/DC Circuit Analysis

Central Piedmont Community College, Charlotte, NC 08/01-05/04
Laboratory Assistant, Information Technology Department
Provided student users information and/or technical assistance for problem resolution of network related issues.
Conducted student training in basic software and computer operations for XP Professional and Microsoft Suite.

EDUCATION
Central Piedmont Community College
Associate of Applied Science Degree in Computer Engineering Technology

Johnson C. Smith University, Charlotte, NC
Bachelor of Science Degree in Computer Engineering

Keller Graduate School of Management
Masters in Information Systems Management

CERTIFICATIONS
Electronics Engineering Technology and Computer Engineering Technology

References available upon request.
Contact this candidate