Kangni Kpodar
Omaha, Ne 402-***-**** advzc9@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/kangni kpodar/

PROFESSIONAL PROFILE

Diligent and detailed professional with a solid IT background including data and network security as well as both hardware and software. Adept in troubleshooting to identify solutions to technical issues. Consistently meet project deadlines on time. Core competencies include:

Data & Network Security
Information Security Models
Security Analysis
Testing / Troubleshooting
Systems Architecture
Vulnerability Controls
Data Backup & Recovery
Cloud
Project Management

CAREER SUMMARY

HILAND DAIRY 2015 to Present
A division of CIP.

Outcomes Analyst
Designed systems and processes for outcomes data collection and analysis.
Performed data analytics of NCQA accreditation.
Developed measurements and reporting for managed care product.

SELECT SPECIALITYY HOSPITAL 2007 to 2015
Client Server Support Technician
Test and troubleshoot client equipment remotely and onsite.
Oversee technical installation and support projects for new and existing clients.
Provide system tuning and infrastructure support.
Train end-users and technical support staff on optimization and use of equipment.
Resolve customer service issues and requests promptly.

JEWISH COMMUNITY CENTER 2006-2015
Client Server Technician
Configured client servers and workstations.
Maximized performance of equipment with software and hardware repairs and updates.
Researched complex issues and coordinated with technical resources.
Identified deficiencies and made recommendations for improvement.
Scheduled onsite maintenance appointments to maintain equipment at peak performance.

EDUCATION / CERTIFICATIONS

Graduate Certificate in Cyber Security, Colorado State University Global
Bachelor of Science, Biotechnology, Molecular Biology, University of Nebraska at Omaha
Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP)
Bachelor Law Public Administration, University of Lome Togo.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Windows 7 & 10, Mac OS, Oracle, SAP, Microsoft SQL Server, C++, HTML, CSS, PHP, Java, Ruby on Rails, WildFly, WebSphere, Java EE, Windows, Linus, UNIX
Contact this candidate