Rinu Olabinjo
Silver Spring, MD *****
Email: adw2ka@r.postjobfree.com Cell: 215-***-****

CompTIA Security+CE 08/2021

Information Security Risk Analyst 05/2019 - Present
Placement Ready LLC Baltimore, MD
Coordinate ongoing improvements to security management policies and procedures.
Define and update security standards and checklists.
Work with various departments to improve the detection of security threats and breaches.
Identifies and analyzes business violations of security policy and standards.
Analyzes information security systems and applications.
Present, recommend, and develop security measures to protect information against unauthorized modification or loss.
Prepare risk analysis reports and provide recommendations.
Coordinate and ensures compliance with security processes and controls.
Conducts follow up meetings to assist information system owners in remediating outstanding items.
Utilized my knowledge, skills, experience, and tools in countering malicious code attacks such as viruses, malware, spyware, adware, worms, Trojan horses, root kits and all other abnormal activities on computer systems and on the network.
Experienced in many aspects of computer security technologies such as: IDS/IPS, port and vulnerability scanners, and network detection used in performance of daily activities and to perform assessments and audits.
Develops Risk Assessment reports identifying threats and vulnerabilities applicable to systems.
Evaluates the likelihood that vulnerabilities can be exploited, assess the impact associated with these threats and vulnerabilities.
Conducts kick-off meetings to categorize the system according to NIST requirements of Low, Moderate, or High System FIPS 199 and SP 800-60
Conducts security control Assessment to assess the adequacy of management, operational, privacy, and technical security controls implemented.
Prepares systems certification and Accreditation package, ensuring that management, operational, and technical security controls adhere to a formal and well-established security requirement authorized by NIST 800- 53r4.
Develop Security Assessment Report (SAR) detailing the results of the assessment along with the Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M)
Develop and generate a technical and non-technical report on security findings, issues, and mitigations activities.
Develop System Security Plans (SSP) to provide an overview of system security requirements and describe the controls in place or planned by information system owners to meet those requirements.
Apply required security patches within NIST and enterprise guidelines.

Junior Cyber Security Analyst 07/2016 – 12/2019
Old Line Bank Laurel, MD
Detected, identified, and triaged alerts for possible attacks/intrusions, anomalous activities, and misuse activities.
Used SIEM for continuous monitoring and analysis of system and network logs.
Documented and escalated incidents that may cause ongoing and immediate impact to the environment.
Analyzed and updated antivirus signatures to prevent to prevent exploitation of know threats.

Correlated events using information gathered from a variety of sources, including OSINT, to gain situational awareness and determine the effectiveness of an observed attack.
Characterized and analyzed network traffic using Wireshark and Snort to identify anomalous activity and potential threats to network resources.
Coordinated with cyber teams to validate network alerts.
Provided cybersecurity recommendations to leadership based on significant threats and vulnerabilities.

Bachelor of Science

Technologies: SIEM, Splunk, Rapid7 Nexpose, Nessus, Wireshark, Microsoft Office Suite, NMAP, AWS, VMware 5/6, TCP/IP, LAN, WLAN, McAfee EDR

Operating Systems: Microsoft Windows, UNIX, Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6/7, Ubuntu, x86/x64 platforms, Windows 2008, 2012 Server, Win7/10

Skills: SOC, Incident response, Triage, Network security, Cloud, Vulnerability analysis, Application Support, Business Analysis, Problem Solving, Team Player, Strong Analytical & Collaboration, Technical Support, Cyber Kill Chain, MITRE ATT&CK
Contact this candidate