832-***-****
adw4w1@r.postjobfree.com

Desmond Sims
SUMMARY
SAP Security/GRC Professional with extensive experience in security enterprise architecture/role redesign, critical incident response, and ability to communicate security and risk-related concepts to non-technical and technical audiences.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Data Analyst Certification (Google) 2023, Technical Support Fundamentals Certification (Google) 2023, SAP ECC Release 740, SAP ECC Release 640, CUA, GRC 5.3, GRC 10.1, HR Security, SRM, FI, CRM, MDM, Portal, Solution Manager, ADOBE LCES, BI/BO, PI, Microsoft Office
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Signify February 2020 – February 2023
SAP Security Lead Analyst
Responsible for GRC 10.1 support (SAP security/GRC lead).
Allocated development activities to team members, report development statuses, and resolved impediments for the team to make progress.
Ensured security development and deployment execution aligned with standards, methodologies, and processes.
Provide technical support to the business. (Assist with email configuration, chat support, networking issue, password resets)
Perform data analysis within SAP along with other environments and provide reports to stake holders.
Lead requirement analysis and design security solutions to meet business, compliance, and audit needs.
Contributing to the improvement of IT services and knowledge databases
Document SAP IT controls related to SAP Security
Participate in monthly audit board meetings and provide feedback and research as needed.
Generated audit reports from GRC 10 or with logical SAP system and provided them to management as needed.
Performed system configuration and/or development within the SAP modules as needed (ECC,CRM,BI, SOLman, PI, GTS, NFe, SRM, ECC PTec, cProjects/cFolders).
Responsible for maintaining and supporting SAP GRC Access Control suite.
Knowledge of SAP business processes, user provisioning processes, security maintenance processes and leading practices.
Assist with SOD resolution within SAP GRC
Monitor SAP Security changes throughout lifecycle to confirm anything that may needed to be imported to GRC was complete.

Eaton Corporation August 2014 – February 2020
SAP Security Lead Analyst
Responsible for the GRC 10.1 project (SAP security/GRC lead).
Point of contact for support pack upgrades –Most current - SAP Release 740 (support pack- SAPKB74017).
Generated audit reports from GRC 10 or with logical SAP system and provided them to management as needed.
Lead end user trainings to assist with the completion of UAR (User Access Reviews)
Performed system configuration and/or development within the SAP modules as needed (ECC,CRM,BI, SOLman, PI, GTS, NFe, SRM, ECC PTec, cProjects/cFolders).
Responsible for implementing SAP GRC Access Control suite.
Knowledge of SAP business processes, user provisioning processes, security maintenance processes and leading practices.
Provided support to the functional and ABAP development teams.
Security experience with SAP NetWeaver technology and related SAP Applications.
Utilized SAP Central User Administration (CUA), SAP Single Sign-On (SSO), and Enterprise Identity Management (IDM).
Responsible for configuration and management of (GRC 10.1) Access Control suite, Enterprise Role Management (ERM), Access Risk Analysis (ARA),(GRC 5.3) Risk Analysis and Remediation (RAR), Compliant User Provisioning (CUP), and Super user Privilege Management (SPM).
Supported the ERP Manager in the management of day-to-day project and production support tasks in the Work stream, updated and maintained documentation.

Hallmark Cards December 2012 – August 2014
Senior SAP Security Architect
Point of contact for support pack upgrades - SAP Release 640.
Performed system configuration and/or development within the SAP modules as needed (ECC, CRM, SOLman, BI, PI, SRM, ECC PTec, cProjects/cFolders).
Worked closely with the basis team along with SAP consultants to provide Solution Manager
Spearheaded SAP Security Role design/redesign.
Documented audit issues and provide recommendations based on best practices.
Worked closely with the business and operations to keep the system free from SOD’s.
Provided support to the functional and ABAP development teams.
Lead for CRM FSO implementation.
ID management on ABAP and Java stacks to minimize segregation of duties (SOD) concerns.
Assigned authorized access/roles to user accounts in SAP systems.
Responsible for configuration and management of (GRC 5.3) Access Control suite, Enterprise Role Management (ERM), Risk Analysis and Remediation (RAR), Compliant User Provisioning (CUP), and Super user Privilege Management (SPM).
Contributed to the SAP Security team meeting targeted SLAs.
Established minimum security baselines according to level of risk and monitored compliance with information security requirements.
Ensured that services provided by third-parties adhere to Hallmark’s information security policy.

Sysco Corporation April 2008 – December 2012
SAP Security Architect
Performed system configuration and/or development within the SAP modules as needed (ECC, CRM, SOLman, BI, PI, SRM).
Developed profiles/roles which included complex design restrictions.
Designed a comprehensive security Matrix that documented the security design and controlled the user requests in the production environment.
Developed, and maintained the access of the project team members in all environments.
Maintained company approved audit standards for SAP Application security, resolved CRM, SFA LITE, FI, SCM and SRM security related issues.
Supported Developers in Dump Analysis & Identifying and Applying relevant SAP Notes.
Responsible for User Access Provisioning Management, updating transactions (managing authorization objects), creating monthly audit reports and training documentation.
Processing and taking ownership of tickets
Open OSS notes as well as Maintain Access Data within Service Market Place.
Accomplishments:
oReceived the Extra Degree award three times during project 212 (SAP Implementation)
oSuccessfully developed and implemented security initiatives within Sysco Corporation.
oSysco Pride awarded in 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 and 2012

Sysco Corporation
Senior Systems IT Support Analyst April 2006 – April 2008
Support computer systems, mobile devices, and other technology products.
Addressing a high volume of calls and Chat support
Installation of hardware and software
User account setup / performing onboarding and new computer setup.
Working with users related to hardware and software issues.
Configure cellphones for messaging.
Processing and taking ownership of tickets
Create and maintain end user documentation to support team member self service activities.
Escalate issues to Managed Services provider as needed.
Contributing to the improvement of IT services and knowledge databases
Collaborate with other IT team members for assistance when needed.
EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATIONS
Associate degree in health care administration (bachelor’s will be obtained by May of 2024 12 hrs remaining) – Texas Southern University Houston, TX
Google Data Analytics Professional Certificate 2023
Google IT Support Professional Certificate 2023
(GRC300) SAP Access Control Implementation and Configuration
ITIL v3 Certified
CRM Customizing Fundamentals (CR100)
CRM User Interface (CR580)
SAP Access Control (GRC300)
Contact this candidate