William Kinsel has over ** years of experience in networking, system administration, risk management and security. He deployed Cloud-based technologies in Amazon Web Services (AWS), Adobe Analytics, VoIP (Avaya) MS Azure, Asset management and inventory, and Google Cloud, including deployment of new software in a team environment. He is ITIL and CompTIA Security+ certified. He used HCL BigFix to automate the discovery, management, and remediation in virtual or cloud endpoints.

William Kinsel
703-***-****
adw86x@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn ID: https://www.linkedin.com/in/william-lr-k-0a038aa3/
Pittsburgh, PA
Professional Summary
A well-rounded, dedicated, and solutions-driven IT Professional with 20+ years of proven experience across a range of value-creating IT roles.
Demonstrating a well-earned reputation as a System Administrator for effective leadership, project management, and technical proficiency in support of a corporate focus and a result-driven attitude. Exhibiting exceptional communication skills paired with a knack for quick learning and early adoption and a sharp eye for anticipating risks and minimizing issues.
Seeking a position as a System Administrator/Security Analyst on a highly growth-focused IT team.

Professional Attributes
Adept at training staff to ensure smooth deployment of Microsoft 365 Products
Possessing outstanding leadership qualities ensuring that the task at hand is fully comprehended and executed at the highest level of standards possible with a dedicated focus on timely delivery and customer satisfaction, solution specification.
Possesses excellent technical knowledge and expertise to find creative solutions to solving complex problems while generating the best possible outcomes for the team, Willingness to perceive and ideate out of the box.
Dedicated work professional pays attention to detail and demonstrates a professional attitude toward stakeholders while at work, no matter their position.

Professional Experience
First National Bank
Sr Application Analyst. November 2022 – Present
Use SQL Server to successfully troubleshoot and resolve user issues, run queries and to make requested updates to banking applications.
Work in Agile environment.
Use ServiceNow to provide detailed identification of root causes of issues, updated documentation for SOP’s and troubleshooting steps performed, as well as successful resolution of reported incidents for tracking purposes.
Successfully provides technical and business support to several defined end user groups both locally and remotely.
Monitors system health, review logs and reports, and escalates issues to vendors for proactive resolution.
Proactively analyzes, implements, modifies, and monitors application performance.
Provide recommended system requirements and objectives based on business needs and performance goals. Identifies, explains, and resolves application performance issues to maintain compliance.
Implements installations and upgrades due to change management.
Provides technical guidance for business implications of application performance.
Assesses and recommends modifications in functions and service to support the evolving needs of the business and growth.
Use vSphere to remote into several Windows Servers to perform tasks, including application testing, software provisioning, applying banking promotions to various branches, and log reviews.
Monitors system health, review logs and reports, and escalates issues to vendors for resolution.
Proactively identifies and resolves application performance issues.

Anthem/Elegance Health
Security Analyst Apr 2022 – Nov 2022
Competently managed Azure, Office 365, and Active Directory for in office and remote users, set up and granted least privilege access to user accounts, ensuring swift and safe integration.
While using Qualys, I performed patch management tasks including maintaining current knowledge of available patches of servers (2012 r2/2016/2019) and endpoints, deciding what patches are appropriate, ensuring that patches are installed properly, testing systems after installation, and documenting all associated procedures.
Used VMware 7.0 to remote into servers listed above.
Used Qualys for asset management vulnerability scans, and inventory audits.
Investigate and provide root cause analysis for security incidents and outages.
Collaborated effectively with the client and successfully met the functional requirements with the application of Service Now
Performed security assessments across the entire network infrastructure for compliance
Assisted with Cloud computing and reviewed the risks and benefits of using a vendor's remote servers to store, manage and process an organization's data.

Housing Authority, Pittsburgh, PA
System Administrator Oct 2020 – Apr 2022
Successfully upgraded/migrated hundreds of clients to Windows 10.
Quickly learned hundreds of software titles, including specialized and proprietary software, while troubleshooting all aspects of executive client/user experience during upgrade and refresh.
Worked closely with software vendors to quickly solve OS conflicts while managing diplomacy with executive users.
Successfully imaged hundreds of endpoints by using proprietary software during long-term contracts for refresh and new technology deployment.
Utilized contract analysis skills to consistently ensure Software Licensing Compliance for every client.
Tested Software and Hardware to Evaluate Value/Efficiency/Compatibility

Phoenix Rehabilitation– Pittsburgh, Pa
System Administrator June 2019 – Oct 2020
Used Kaseya for remote monitoring and troubleshooting.
Assisted with System Security Plans (SSP), Contingency Plans, Business Impact Analyses (BIA), Plans of Action and Milestones (POA&Ms), Security Assessment Reports (SARs), Security Assessment Plans (SAPs), and other documentation.
Provided operational engineering support to enterprise-level solutions using a virtual server (windows server 2012 r2/2016/2019) hosting backup solution.
Used HCL BigFix to automate the discovery, management, and remediation in virtual or cloud endpoints.
Performed information security incident response as well as incident handling based on risk categorization in accordance with established procedures.
Provided operational engineering support to enterprise-level solutions using a virtual server (windows server 2012 r2/2016/2019) hosting backup solutions (VMWare 6.5 and vSphere)
Deployed images, patches, and updates in Microsoft SCCM for windows 10
Performed scripting and Power Shell responsibilities after hours for updates using ConnectWise.
Successfully oversaw support of servers (VOIP and Windows Server 2012 r2/2016/2019) within a small environment, both locally at the headquarters in Cranberry and remotely
Managed the VOIP phone system (using Fuze) both locally and remotely.
Created and maintained documents as well as devised methods to measure their effectiveness in building internal technical documentation, manuals, and IT policies for the user community.
Oversaw asset management that included maintaining IT Asset System of Record and made recommendations for policies and processes to track assets effectively.
Ensured all IT assets were tagged and recorded in the system for tracking purposes and maintained inventory by tracking devices by employees and reporting the movement of assets.

Engility Corp, Stafford
ISSO/ Information Assurance Nov 2015 – Jun 2019
Provided technical support to local and remote clients based in North Logan, Utah, for System Policy, in support of Oversight, Technology Review, and Integration
Conducted IT security analysis in preparation for A&A reviewing and validation of all associated cybersecurity documentation and technical controls.
Developed System Security Plans (SSP), Contingency Plans, Business Impact Analyses (BIA), Plans of Action and Milestones (POA&Ms), Security Assessment Reports (SARs), Security Assessment Plans (SAPs), and other documentation.
Supported documentation for systems subject to NIST SP 800-53
Ensured adherence to policies and procedures to acquire and maintain an Information System's Authority to Operate (ATO) under specific guidelines and NIST 800-53a security controls assessment practices.
Conducted thorough reviews of all vulnerabilities, architecture, and defense-in-depth strategies and reported findings in POA&Ms document.
Routinely performed Security Assessment Visits (SAVs), Security Tests & Evaluations (ST&Es), and IT Security Vulnerability Assessments
Oversaw threat management, validation of patch management, security engineering, and documentation to mitigate risks.
Assisted in entering and updating Issues (Epics, Stories, and Tasks) with the offsite JIRA Agile developer team.

Vistronix Quantico, VA
Lead Information Assurance Analyst. May 2011 – Nov 2015
Provided support with ACAS scan, remediation efforts, and implementation details of the discovered vulnerabilities.
Supported documentation for systems subject to NIST SP 800-53
Supported client efforts to validate, certify and accredit systems, standalone equipment, and software.
Provided technical support to information system programs for life cycle security support from the program's inception through initial accreditation.
Ensured uniform application of the standards and consistency in the security of information systems.
Delivered technical review and analysis of the Agency's Certification and Accreditation documentation and made recommendations for "at-risk" findings.
Developed Draft Technical Security Reviews (TSRs) for all "at risk" findings.
Supports Agency's Certification and Accreditation process by identifying technical security requirements/controls for its systems/enclaves.
Continuously assess the Agency's security posture using Agency IAVM toolsets.
Conducted onsite security audits to assess the overall security posture of various systems/locations within the Agency.
Recommended action plans regarding the applicability of IA requirements and compliance with IA requirements based on industry best practices.

Booz Allen Hamilton – McLean, Va.
Information Assurance Jan 2009 – May 2011
Performed certification and accreditation reviews of systems, enclaves, and networks for Defense Threat Reduction Agency (DTRA) assets.
Completed annual security reviews (ASR), FISMA reporting, process reviews and related system and status briefings.
Performs review of controls, supporting evidentiary artifacts and documents to establish validity of implemented, remediated, and POA&M items using the DIACAP process and DoDI 8500.2 controls.
Make recommendations for risk acceptance-based analysis performed.
Created and updated information assurance and cybersecurity policy, procedures, and processes.

Dept. of Interior/Bureau of Indian Affairs
Telecom/Operations Administrator/Application Support Aug 1999 – Jan 2009
General Dynamics, Herndon, Virginia Systems
Oversaw day-to-day operations and routine maintenance for Avaya/Nortel voice systems.
Coordinated and implemented the hardware and software and performed all upgrades, problem tracking, management, and resolution.
Made recommendations, and performed testing, vulnerability scans, change control, and installation for the servers, workstations, and laptops.
Supported administration and maintenance of Windows Desktop, Servers, Active Directory, Group Policies, and data back for remote BIA locations.

Professional Skills

Quick learning
Creative Problem solving
Emotional intelligence
Team Building
Time Management
Adaptability
Punctuality
Communication
Flexibility
Work Prioritization
Action-oriented
Stress management
Proactivity
Multitasking
Team Player

Technical Skills
Microsoft Office,
Avaya,
Microsoft 365,
Adobe,
VMWare 6.5,
Windows 10, & 11
Windows Server 12, 16, & 19,
Linux

Education
Bachelor of Science in Radio & Television – Rider University, Lawrenceville, NJ – graduated Spring 1994
Master information Assurance – University of Phoenix – Online – Graduation Spring 2002

Certifications
CompTIA Security + / ITIL / CCENT
Contact this candidate