Archie L. Bost
*** ****** ******
Sharon Hill PA 19079
Phone: 215-***-**** Other: 215-***-****
Email: adw8c9@r.postjobfree.com

PROFILE:
A highly qualified technical support professional experienced in PC upgrades, maintenance, troubleshooting, Access development, end-user desktop and network support with exceptional customer service skills. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, detail and result oriented, hard-working self-starter, an active and involved team member.

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS:
- 10+ years’ experience as a Help Desk technician/CSR, diagnosing and resolving technical problems in a multi-user environment.
- Extensive knowledge of Windows NT, Windows 2000 Professional, Window XP, and Microsoft Outlook.
- 6 + years of Remedy, Magic Help Desk software applications and procedures.
- Recognizes, isolates, and resolves complex technical problems.
- Learns new applications and communicate technical knowledge to end users at all levels.
- Created changes in the database according new requirements
- Developed reports using cross-tabs and sub-reports to show necessary information
- Developed stored procedures and views to create reports
- Wrote documentation on how to use created reports with different selections

EDUCATION:
Post MBA Certificate
Philadelphia University, PA
Post MBA Certificate: Business Administration, May 2006

Bachelor of Science in Management Information System
Philadelphia University, PA May 2006
Minor Computer Science: GPA 3.78, MPA 4.0

GOOGLE:
Google Cybersecurity Certification
Cybersecurity / Penetration Testing May 2023 to November 2023
After completion of the certification program I will be able to protect networks, devices, and data from
Unauthorized access using security information and management tools. Linux, python, SQL, are some of the tools I be learning throughout this program.

UDEMY ONLINE TRAINING AND CERTIFICATIONS:
Intro to Networking IT Help Desk Professional
IP Sub-netting @ Addressing Computer System Protection
Security Analyst Training Network Engineer Training
Linux Automation Training Linux Security and Hardening

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Team Children Trooper PA 04/18 – 10/18
Technical Support / Operational Manager
Archie started as a volunteer and quickly worked his way to a high level technician resolving the most difficult hardware, network, or software problems. Archie also worked with the Administration department satisfying all technical and data issues.

Resolving customer problems either remotely, phone conversations or in person.
Archie responsibilities increase to managing and training other volunteers. Archie also had an important part in direct operations process, embracing a design to the commercial display, planning, control, performance improvement.

WAWA Corporation Ardmore PA 10-09 – Present
Sale Associate / Shift Manager
Daily operations are cycle count and inventory control, cashier and food service.

Comcast Corp. New Castle, DE 06/05-05/11
TIER IV VOIP / Sr. Tech Lead / Q & A Analyst
Interact with customers handling a high volume of calls covering the full range of customer services, obtaining all information for transaction resolution. Build a professional rapport with the customer to assure mutual understanding of the customer concerns and issues. Practice continuous quality control in the processing and fulfillment of all customer orders.

South East Delco School District Sharon Hill, PA 09/06- 12/08
Jr. System Administrator
Mr. Bost daily activities and procedures are to built, maintained, and repaired computer and server systems to improve speed, reliability, and efficiency of operation. Install, configured, and updated operating system and office product software. Administered user accounts and resources on network domains, experiment with new technologies and routines to increase efficiency and reduce processing time.

Monitor available client disk space to ensure sufficient space for operations. Responded to on call alerts and complied with alert reporting procedures. Demonstrate high quality, results-driven, prompt, and professional customer service and support to instill confidence in technical advice and directions.

Mindbridge Software Inc. Valley Forge, PA 05/04 – 07/04
Network Security Analyst (Intern)
As a Network Security Analyst, was responsible for analyzing and evaluating system security technology, policy, and training requirements in support of company. Monitor Network Communications. Responsible for reviewing audit event logs. Provide security patches and updates to anti-virus programs.

Aetna Corp. Allentown PA 08/03 – 05/04
Call Center Representative
Archie worked as Customer support receiving any medical plan questions. Archie also worked as a team lead support.
Assisted in training team members.

* Prior experience was non-IT related as a Regional Manager, with MAB in Philadelphia.

PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS:
Member – Information Systems Security Association.
Member – International Information Systems Security Certification Consortium.
Member - EH Academy
Member – Ethical Hacking – Your Way to The World of IT SECURITY
Contact this candidate