AKINYELE FADOJU
Email: adwbxc@r.postjobfree.com Cell: +1-631-***-****
SAP SECURITY & GRC ANALYST
Summary
Result oriented and decisive IT professional with 7+ years of experience in SAP Security and GRC Access control (implementation and support).
Equipped with two full lifecycle SAP implementations, upgrade, and production support from the Design phase to the post-implementation phase on different industry projects. Excellent at SOX compliance requirements and resolving SOD conflict issues.
Hands-on experience in GRC - Access Control module- Emergency Access Management, Access Risk Analysis, Access request Management, Business role management.

Technical Skills

SAP R3 ECC 6.0/5.0/4.7
SAP S4 HANA/FIORI (Backend)
GRC AC 10.0, 10.1
SAP Audit
Microsoft Office
SOX, HIPPA, PII, CFR, ISO27000, PCI-DSS, FISMA.

Core Competences
Ability to communicate security and risk-related concepts to non-technical and technical audiences.
Possess excellent interpersonal, communication and organizational skills.
Ability to handle pressure and perform multiple tasks simultaneously.
Ability to rapidly learn and adapt to new technology.
Professional Experience

Halo Hall Technology Consulting 05/2018 to till date.

Consulted for various companies, and responsibilities were centered around SAP Security administration tasks.
(Including implementations, upgrades, managed services/daily support of security in SAP S/4 HANA and ECC System Landscape). I also did some audit work using GRC Access Control, including SOD remediation, updating the ruleset to address audit deficiencies, process improvements, and recommending best practices.

Role: SAP Security and GRC consultant
Perform user provisioning activities which includes, setting up new accounts, password resets, assigning users to appropriate groups and assigning security roles subject to appropriate approval (using SU01, SU10)
Creation, update, and general administration of roles (Single/Composite/Derived Roles) using Profile Generator (PFCG).
Troubleshooting/Resolution of authorization issues (using SU53, SU56, SUIM, ST01 & STAUTHTRACE)
Extensively Used user information system & tables (SUIM & SE16) to generate various reports for audit monitoring.
Administration of Firefighter ID (Creation, assignment, and generation of firefighter log reports)
Leveraged SAP GRC access risk analysis to ensure segregation of duties (SOD) exists and Sensitive Access in the system are monitored.
Performed Risk Assessment and establishment of an action plan.
Perform Role and User Level analysis for sensitive access and SOD.
Worked with Role owner and process owners to address risk and assisted with outright remediation, and/or mitigation.
Access Requests creation on Grc Access Request Management tool.
Checking Queues of Tickets assigned in ServiceNow and giving production support when needed.

Apps Compliance LLC 06/2016 to 04/2018
Role: SAP GRC Consultant
Perform all aspects of SAP security implementation tasks which includes but not limited to coordinating and interacting with business leads and process owners, technical and functional SMEs, Internal Audit and Security Admins for the sole purpose of gathering SAP Security requirements.
Participated in the creation functional and technical design document to ensure role-building follows business and risks and controls requirement set forth by the internal control teams and obtain functional design signoff prior to build.
Configure various types of roles such as Single Roles, Composite Roles and Derived roles using the Profile Generator (PFCG).
Design/develop custom SAP roles, performed security unit and integration testing, transport custom roles to approved landscapes for user acceptance testing.
Performs user provisioning activities which includes, setting up new accounts, password resets, assigning users to appropriate groups and assigning security roles according to employee/contractor approved positions.
Design, develop and Activation of Rule Sets, created custom rulesets and updated the functions grouping with custom transactions as required.
Perform Firefighter ID Provisioning Tasks and troubleshoot any issues relating to Firefighters or IDs and GRC in general.
Performed GRC AC post installation activities and implemented ARA, EAM, BRM and ARM based on client requirements.
Review and act on daily monitoring/change reports and perform regular system audits to detect deviations of established procedures, role mapping, and unauthorized changes to the SAP security and report finding to management.
Provide knowledge transfer and train the trainer exercise to client personnel on security authorization concept and security design/implementation.
Worked with the offshore team to provide detailed deliverables and knowledge transfer (KT)

Education And Credentials
BSC, Finance - Babcock University, Nigeria (June 2012)

Reference
Available on request.
Contact this candidate