Ferdinand Boukueo Moffo
978-***-**** adwbnn@r.postjobfree.com 3127 Aqueduct Ave, Royse City TX 75189

SUMMARY
An energetic and insightful Information Security analyst with over Four years of experience. Ability to perform Intrusion Detection, Vulnerability Assessment, Security Event Response, and Risk Management. Self-motivated and goal-oriented, with a track record of excellent leadership skills, work promptly to execute deliverables to senior executives and stakeholders at all levels in an organization—extremely organized and purpose excellent verbal and communication skills. Most importantly, a team player who is passionate about work and have work with multiple teams to provide solutions and plans to achieve objectives.

EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATION
University Of Yaounde(I) Cameroon
Bachelor of Science in Engineering Technology
Relevant Coursework: Automation Engineering Concepts in Analysis and Design Control Systems Java Python Linux
CompTIA Security + (SYO-501) Certification: In Progress
CISSP Certification: In Progress
TECHNICAL SKILLS
NIST 800 Series FISMA FIPS CIS 20 Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Visio, Excel, Power Point, Access, Outlook) Firewall TCP/IP VPN Hyperion Wireshark PCI DSS Policy Planning Microsoft Azure Tenable Nessus IO Vulnerability Scanning FedRAMP, LogRhythm, Splunk, AlienVault IDS/IPS, JIRA, Snort- Source fire Bitdefender, Panorama palo-alto, DUO, Cisco ISE, InfoSec IQ, PRTG, Spirion, TeamDynamix

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
4 Square IT Consulting LLC 2022 - Current
Cybersecurity Analyst
Review end-point security and intrusion detection systems identifying threats and taking actions to remediate
Maintain confidentiality regrading sensitive situations and information.
Serve as UND cybersecurity technical support for IT security incident response execution.
Review sensitive data management logs and assist customers with disposition of sensitive university data.
Participate in implementing new technologies and techniques with respect to security.
Assist with creating and deploying publication, awareness and education activities for IT security.
Maintain awareness of current trends and issues in IT.
Develop a direct working relationship with investigating authorities.

DelTaah Tech Consulting LLC 2021-2022
Cyber Security SOC Analyst
Provide daily summary reports of network events and activity relevant to cyber defense practices.
Provide timely detection, identification, and alerting of possible attacks/intrusions, anomalous activities, and misuse activities and distinguish these incidents and events from benign activities.
Document and escalate incidents (including event's history, status, and potential impact for further action) that may cause ongoing and immediate impact to the environment.
Perform event correlation using information gathered from a variety of sources within the enterprise to gain situational awareness and determine the effectiveness of an observed attack.
Receive and analyze network alerts from various sources within the enterprise and determine possible causes of such alerts.
Validate intrusion detection system (IDS) alerts against network traffic using packet analysis tools.
Assist in the construction of signatures which can be implemented on cyber defense network tools in response to new or observed threats within the network environment or enclave.
Pick up service tickets within established SLAs and escalate to Tier Three as needed.
Analyze and resolved Spam, gray, and Phishing/malicious emails.

DelTaah Tech Consulting LLC 2019-2021
Risk Management Framework Analyst
Performs updates to System Security Plans (SSP) Using NIST 800-18 as a guide to develop SSP, Risk Assessments, Business Continuity Plan and Incident Response Plans
Performs RMF assessment which includes initiating meetings with various System Owners (SO) and Information System Security Officers (ISSO)
Creates change control procedures, drafts, reviews, and updates Plans of Action and Milestones (POAMs)
Conducts FedRAMP Readiness Assessments and review ATO Packages for FedRAMP Cloud environments
Expertise in National Institute of Standards and Technology Special Publication
(NIST SP) documentation
Performs assessment, POAM Remediation, and document creation using NIST SP 800-53 Rev.1 and NIST SP 800-53
Develops solutions to security weaknesses in the Requirement Traceable Matrix (RTM) and SAR, while working on POA&M remediation and corrective action plan. Assisted ISSOs create solutions to weaknesses based on system functionality
Performs evaluation of policies, procedures, security scan results, and system settings in order to address controls that were deemed insufficient during Certification and Accreditation (C&A), RMF, and continuous monitoring
Ensures that the Information Systems Security department's policies, procedures, and practices as well as other systems user groups are compliant with FISMA, NIST, and general agency standards
Reviews documentation to include System Security Plan NIST 800-18 as a guide, Authorization to Operate (ATO), Security Assessment Report (SAR) using NIST800-30 as a guide, FIPPS 199 System Categorization using NIST 800-60 Vol1/Vol2 based on confidentiality, integrity and availability (CIA), policy and procedures, e-authentication, privacy threshold analysis (PTA), privacy impact analysis (PIA), contingency plan (CP) and interconnection security agreement as per NIST 800-47, certification and accreditation (C&A) packages and system standard operating procedures

ITWORLDTEK SOLUTION 2018-2019
Information System Security Analyst
Supervised system vulnerability scanning, and administration of system security configuration using Tenable Nessus vulnerability scanner.
Serve as the Subject Matter Expertise (SME) departments on all issues surrounding Information Security and Information Technology compliance standards.
Conduct RMF briefings to the client explaining the life development cycle of the system.
Assists by implementing data in the information system’s assessment and authorization tool such as CSAM.
Develop the Standard Operating Procedures (SOP)s needed in creating the A&A processes.
Coordinate and track remediation of security weaknesses as they are discovered, via the Plan of Actions and Milestones (POA&M) tracking tool.
Develop System Assessment and Authorization (SA &A) packages for compliance with NIST guidance, including System Security Plans, System Categorization documents using FIPS 199, Risk Assessment, POA&M, Contingency Plans, and Private Impact Assessments (PIA).
Review and update security documentation governed by NIST 800 series and organizational policies
Provide continuous security monitoring of assigned systems and make decisions either in critical high value situations or marginal risk situations.
Maintain an understanding of operations throughout the organization to proactively enhance the user experience of new security policies.
Collaborate with other security personnel on security assessment activities.
Review results of vulnerability scans to ensure client system is devoid of critical and high vulnerabilities.
Assess the information technology systems, security regulatory risk management and security vulnerabilities.
Contact this candidate