Lawal Tajudeen
DALLAS, TX 469-***-**** adwenj@r.postjobfree.com …LINKEDIN- tajudeen-lawal

Senior IT Auditor
Business Solutions Enterprise IT Audit Leadership Risk Management

Accomplished senior-level IT auditor with extensive experience providing the leadership and support needed to drive the achievement of key organizational audit-related goals and objectives. Skilled at completing large-scale, complex technical audits using best practices and wide-ranging technical business knowledge, delivering recommendations to audit stakeholders that minimize risks for the organization. Demonstrated strength in building long-term, professional relationships with strategic business partners and audit stakeholders leveraged to draw alignment with key audit initiatives. Recognized for the ability to deliver impactful results while leading audits in fast-paced business environments.

Areas of Expertise

Incident Reponses
Vulnerability Analysis
Risk Assessments
Root-Cause Analysis
Audit Strategy & Execution
Internal/External Audit Lifecycle
Risk Management & Compliance
Strategic Business Relationships
Regulatory Compliance
Sarbanes-Oxley
Crisis Management
Analysis & Reporting

Technical Proficiency

ERP Application: Oracle Financial, SAP, Peoplesoft
Network Devices: Firewalls, Routers, Anti-Viruses
Framework: COBIT, COSO, NIST, ISO 27001, FFIEC, Sarbanes-Oxley Act, FISMA.

Certifications

Certified Information Security Manager/Certified Information System Auditor

Professional Experience
4 SQURE CONULTING
INDEPENDENT BANK Oct 2018 - Present
Senior IT Audit,
Lead the day-to-day execution of internal audit engagement and projects related to SOX, compliance audits, and operational audits.
Perform advisory work for key processes and projects being implements consisting of the evaluation of gaps and risks, providing guidance prior to the implementation.
Serve as a liaison with external auditors during the annual audit, ensuring that deficiencies are remediated in a timely manner before follow-up.
Add valued input while participating in all phases of IT Audit planning, fieldwork, and follow-up using application framework, COBIT, COSO, NIST, and prepared the appropriate testing matrix.
Review controls related to administrative, technical, and physical safeguards related to HIPPA compliance and IT General Control (ITGC) and various applications databases and operating systems.
Complete audits of IT infrastructure and applicable database operating systems, UNIX, SOL, Oracle, and DB2 and prepare risk assessments, determining the objective and scope of audits and conflicts and interest audits.
Prepares business process audits, including Journal Ledger audits and an SAP configuration audit.
Audit components of the business units, including critical technology functions, cloud-based infrastructure cybersecurity, IT risk management, application security, and 3rd party risk management.
Execute SOC Report audits, special projects related to RPA risk assessment, vendor management audits, and control mapping.
Perform audit tests and prepare work papers that document the work performed and conclusions reached.
Ensure that policies and procedures are implemented, processes are well documented, and complete internal reviews to identify compliance issues that call for formal attention.

4 SQURE CONULTING
ENI PETROLEUM CO. INC.
IT Auditor Aug 2016 – Sept 2018
Documented security policies and procedures created by the information security committee and initiated, facilitated, and promoted activities to create information security awareness within the organization.
Monitored compliance with information security policies and procedures and analyzed and tested the network to discover weaknesses.
Created and administered the department budget and staff schedule, supervised continuous improvement initiatives, and developed and maintained overall security technical architecture.
Maintained full responsibility for the development of security awareness programs, interacting with the departments and providing education on the need for information security at all levels within the organization.
Identified project risk, working effectively to mitigate them and provided technical direction to analysts, associates, and contractors.
Obtained in-depth knowledge national and international regulatory compliance and framework, including NIST, PCI, and ISO.
Oversaw continuously updated security policies, improved the reliability and security of software programs, and uncovered and closed critical loopholes to maintain the security network.
Reviewed all system-related plans throughout the organization network and monitored compliance with information security policies and procedures.
Performed information security risk awareness within the organization and continuously monitored user compliance with network and internet security policies.

4 SQURE CONULTING
Information Security Analyst May 2014 – July 2016
Performed audit testing of complex components of assigned audits within multiple segments of the Audit Plan.
Drove and executed data analytics for assigned audits to ensure efficient execution and lead planning and execution of an assigned audit test.
Assigned to projects of ranging size and complexity based on the level of experience, providing a timely, quality work product.
Ensured that documentation and reporting were ready for review by managers and senior managers and that audit programs and tests were risk-based and executed according to Internal Audit policies and guidance.
Developed and maintained professional business relationships within the Internal Audit group and teams across the enterprise.

Education

Bachelors of Science, Business Administration– KNUST, Kumasi, Ghana.
Emphasis: Accounting, Finance.
Contact this candidate