Dennis Toolan adwgqo@r.postjobfree.com 941-***-****
Sr. Software Engineer (remote only)
** ***** ** * *++ developer
Career History:
Consultant – Sr. Software Engineer, Sr. DevSecOps Engineer (remote) client – Honeywell and Verizon 2/2021 - 1/2023
Most recently running a modification / enhancement software project to improve and modernizer virtual space awareness within the Aerospace industry. The project increases the accuracy of GPS measurements and resolution another 20 percent. Use of Visual Studio and VS Code. Also, working with Oracle DB, informix DB, SQL, I translated Informix DB to the map data into Oracle when company acquired a small company. I had driven security measures and testing in both Azure and AWS. Online security for any communications were a top priority and strictly enforced. I used Terraform and MicroServices to communicate certain functions dedicated to traffic and logic, and to create playbooks for infrastructure configuration for the entire project along with scripting in Linux, Python.
As Domain Consultant and DevOps lead and DevSecOps, I designed applications interfaces for Verizon service notifications, incidents, alarms, and service orders with total party alerts end to end company and customers. All the middleware in Java and Python used to connect API’s to SnapLogic. Using automated logic from ServiceNow and conditions via SnapLogic Integrate logic, we were able complete 100% messaging in just a few months, using C++, C#, dotNet, Java and Python plus scripting to interface in linux modules plus DevOpsSec functions and using tools as Cmake, Nmake and the like. Using GitLab and GitHub for both projects. We used COM and DCOM components along with ATL with connected environments to do testing of bank feeds to stress programs on either side of the communication link and allow troubleshooting from both sides of customer links to sort out problem areas. Terraform used to creat plans for the systems and environments for testing and QA. Another project for HP computers and Printers, I aided in consolidating the two huge databases into one for sales people to mix and match computer upgrades allowed and matched to the selected features on the base computer model. The complex logic for features that the logic checks and restricts certain non-configurable items was a huge success. Using C++, Python C#, dotNet and Java to complete logic for notification logic with DevSecOps role for added functions along with Java Server and Java Beans the company’s core applications. I run Kubernetes and Docker for some services for the last 5 years.
DTCC -Tampa, FL & consultant /Sr. Software Engineer and DevOps for other companies 10/2019 - 2/2021
As a consultant, Sr. Developer, working on the Cyber Security Team (DevSecOps lead) to develop scripts to filter and organize alerts coming from tools known as IBM Qradar, Resilient, FireEye, TruStar all SIEM tools report on data traffic to and from the corporation using signal processing and high speed computing to analyses traffic, AWS cloud and Azure cloud enterprise environments. We also used Saleforce and SnapLogic to gather information and direct response with clients approval. Some machine learning to help make decisions on the threat. Also used Sentinel as our infrastructure to play out the deployment(playbook) to an environment.
All development is in C++, C#, dotNet, Java, JavaScript and Python and thoroughly tested in lower environments and user tested for proper outcome. Use of Visual Studio as well as VS Code.Added alerts for Email Phishing, malware, Data Loss Protection, Privacy Protection and the like using tools Cmake for some windows programs and SnapLogic.
I developed with MFC some years back and found it very convenient to use as there are so many classes that when used properly save a lot of time and money in development. I have used MFC as far back as the 80’s.
Also using GitLab and GitHub for repositories in project software. I also helped the DBA’s find and debug problem in Oracle DB.
Full analysis of TCP/IP stack and all network tools including Wireshark and diagnostic tools and organization around Ansible, Chef and others. I work with AWS and Azure daily creating scripts in Python, Java, Perl, Power Shell, Bash and the like.
SW Engineer consulting working on microprocessor like ARM with embedded controllers, with Linux OS, manikin's human like functions designed using C++ OOD some rational rose.
CAE Healthcare - Sarasota, FL 04/2018- 10/2019
The task was to speed up OS loading along with target files and reduce errors for functions to simulate many human conditions.
Manikins uses the CAN bus, UDP, TCP, assign IP Address, to communicate the status and control of peripheral arms, legs, eyes etc.
I worked on SystemC, testbenches and event-driven simulation.
Integrated Bluetooth, and IoT plus Wifi into several manikin modules and several models of manikins that demonstrate the medical function to training personnel.
TriNet HR Corp. - Bradenton, FL 04/2013 - 04/2018
DevOps Engineer - Software Engineer, Application Deployment, Information Security Analyst and SailPoint Developer, plus Saleforce developer as company chairman recommend it, along with IAM to AD (Active Diectory) Java script interfaces. I interacted with Java Enterprise, Java Server using Java beans for most of my daily work in support of TriNet’s applications ongoing development. I also brought SnapLogic into TriNet when SnapLogic was very young, and developed middleware to address the connections to ServiceNow to automate some of the services needed.
As Senior Security Analysts I lead a team to select future products to protect the company's infrastructure with tools known as SIEM (Security Information and Event Management) to identify the treats to the organization.
Responsible for reviewing production changes and either approved or rejected, then implemented these deployments, now done via automation.
This role became the DevOps team and transformed the way code changes were applied.
I worked to migrate on permises applications to both Azure and AWS over 4 years. I moved some applications to both Azure and Aws.
Developed hierarchy of servers using C++ code to map out each servers' requirements.
The reviews featured XML, HTML, PeopleSoft code, C, C#, C++, JAVA, JavaScript, JSON, PowerShell, perl scripts, SQL, Atlassian tools, Jira, Confluence, Git, GitHub, Maven, Jenkins, and environment configuration settings on AWS first then Azure.
Apache Avro for speed, serialization of data, with messages in Scala along with Kafka pipelines.
Also, Docker, Kubernetes containers, daily use of Ansible, Chef, Puppet and Java scripting, Terraform scripting, Infrastructure as Code, and monitoring.
Installed and configured with C++, Java, Java scripting for SailPoint for identity management and configured the rules for teams and connection to Active Directory.
Department operated as DevOps Agile methods. The environments were comprised of 750 servers 20 databases housed on each of 14 different environments: Windows, RedHat Linux, AWS more than Azure both are daily functions and last 2 years using Terraform with remote runs and API’s managing infrastructure.
Azure was our second cloud environment space and maintained our entire employee facing
information portal for 330,000 work site employees.
Experience in development with Perl, Python, PowerShell, Bash and other scripting languages.
Responsible for searching automation tools and settled on IBM Urban Code which was implemented in C#, dotNet
Successfully used for Continuous Integration / Continuous Delivery (CI/CD).
Used Power Shell to modify configurations on Windows Servers.
Experience on PowerShell scripts to automate the AWS cloud system creation including,
End-to-end infrastructure, VMs, storage, firewall rules. Aid in troubleshooting and maintain site reliability and using monitoring tools
Used Git, Github, Maven, Bamboo, Jenkins, Artifactory, Jira, Confluence and Docker for code
development, archive and deployment tools. All tracking is in Jira for development as well as reported problems. Big Service Now ticket system and wrote reports for metrics.
AWS was used for testing and for posting client documentation.
Adopted and configured connections for SailPoint IDM for security framework using of directory server (Oracle, TDS, AD, LDAP, etc.) for both cloud and on-site security.
• For Role and Rule based access to company information.
Azure, setup Active Directory, coded connection in Java & C++ for internal colleagues and Office 365
AWS, setup all benefits documents for access for internal use.
AWS, and SailPoint for internal access to manage identity roles, rules and resets and snapshots
United States Department of Veteran Affairs - St. Petersburg, FL 05/2012 - 03/2013
CM /Build Engineer (VA Clearance)
Responsible for software configuration change management tasks creating software builds,
releases & deploying to over 15 server environments used by 12,500+ client users.
Created baselines, checked items in/out, promoted items using Serena Dimensions CM, IBM Clear
Quest tracking and Subversion.
Responsibilities included BA discussions using data mapping to check compiles, projects, baselines, patches.
Used PowerShell for configuration settings, interfaces, scripting, C#, dotNet
Experience working on Azure Cloud services, Azure storage
Tuxedo services (middleware services) and Presentation layer (GUI) would be either C++, Java
or VB to correct a problem prior to a release.
Java wrappers were used for some of the legacy applications to run on the Web Services. Also
worked on embedded Linux PC for future platform, and setup and used traffic analyzers for the
VA network, checking communications protocols, timing and turn around delays.
Lockheed Martin - Orlando, FL 11/2010 - 03/2012
Software Consultant (Secret Clearance)
Worked with Lockheed Martin on an advanced Tactical response IR detector for the F-18 E/F and the F-35. (Secret Clearance) DO-178 followed.
Developed advanced test data measurement device with interface to MATLAB and streaming data
packets.
Subversion was used to track changes to messages. All the messages carrying data to/from the
aircraft were processed through the interface and later stored for MATLAB plotting and
examination.
Developed in C++ on custom Linux hardware, new compression algorithm for VoIP and implemented
software changes allowing detection of starter frames.
Some of this project was made up of JAVA, Java scripts, HTML and XML for displaying and
response handling via web-based interface.
Worked with medical education simulator in C++ for another company to increase response time
in embedded Linux routines. Also, established a database with response timing through stored
procedures (SQL) comparing last and best data timing
Tandel Systems - Clearwater, FL 08/2002 - 11/2010
Systems Engineer
Designed tested software for missile controls in-vehicle test of the hardware, V&V
verification and validation.
Developed low level drivers and application programming in JAVA, C#, C++ OOD, and scripts,
verification at DO-178b, c, d levels.
Dtest software for video memory interface to VXI instrument, algorithms, DSP's, Radar
communications and control for Range Safety, and telemetry for camera image.
Spent 5 years doing Release /Configuration management in the CM department keeping up-to-date
changes on the Space Shuttle main engine controllers.
Developed SQL routines to gather and track requirements from corporate database.
Completed following software designs for application using DHCP server, IP addressing, clock
drift analysis, RS-232, RS-422, MIL-1553, GPIB, Power Supply upgrade on Guided Missile Rocket
Launch System.
Embedded software written for Power PC, ARM processors, DSP's and Satellite
Communications.
Summary:
Software Engineer, DevOps Engineer, Security Engineer, Configuration Management, SVN, PVCS, CVS, VSS, Dimensions, Unix, Windows, SDLC and Agile Scrum methodologies, Jenkins, Maven, Bamboo, Team City, Microsoft C, C++, C#, dotNet, Visual Studio, Power Shell, VxWorks, PSOS, Real Time Embedded controllers, Linux,Swing and AWT components, Eclipse, GNU tools, Make Files, DOORs, Java, Java Script, JSON, Tomcat, Java Servlet, AJAX, Javabeans, REST, API's, HTML, Oracle, Tuxedo, SQL, PL/SQL, PeopleSoft, Install Shield, Nucleus, Glade, PostgreSQL, Perl Script, BASH, and Python,, discrete and analog measurements.
EDUCATION:
University of Hartford - ASEE, BSCS
SECURITY CLEARANCE: last active 2013
Contact this candidate