John B. Wilson
**** ******** *******, ****
Fort Belvoir, Virginia 22060
adwgu2@r.postjobfree.com
703-***-****

OBJECTIVE and TITLE: Cyber Security Analyst using MS Word for computer networks.

01/2013 – 05/2015, STUDENT, Stratford University, Woodbridge, Virginia
Supervisor: Professor Abdelmoumin Department Chairman

BACHELOR OF SCIENCE, Computer Information Technology, May 2015, Stratford University. George Mason cartography certificate in June 2016, Security+ in 2020.

RELEVANT COURSEWORK: Project Management, Information Security, Website Maintenance. Relevant computer programming languages, HTML5, CSS, Python, Java.

PROJECT COORDINATION SKILLS: Reviewed project requirements to effectively delegate tasks and establish timelines. Demonstrated skill in defining project scopes and details and devising and recommending alternative methods of standardized analysis as a basis for solving problems. With MS Project, created project plans by identifying tasks to be performed, necessary requirements, deliverables and milestones. Recommended and devised individual scopes of work. Managed data and information collection and research. Monitored results in alignment with project goals and objectives. Actively encouraged communication, coordination, innovation and high quality team products.

REVIEW PROJECT REQUIREMENTS: Used applications software to delegate tasks within timelines. Used project scope, data element type, rule exceptions, synthesis and summary to build a working computer system. From requirements, determined specifications for computer code stages. Recorded and reviewed intermediate results in Rational and Agile team meetings.

INDEPENDENT RESEARCH AND ANALYSIS: Read complex policy, strategy and conceptual issues involving current and past policies dealing with the testing and deployment of Information Technology. Compiled and analyzed data to develop comprehensive research reports on information management. Summarized findings into concise 8 slide MS Powerpoint project briefing.

INDEPENDENT RESEARCH AND ANALYSIS: Read and understood federal and industry security standards such as FISMA, HIPPA, SOX, with WEP and WPA encryptions. Reviewed Carnegie-Mellon SEI EINSTEIN3 network security. Computer security is more than the false conclusion that just a firewall will protect computer data. Computer security is a layered defense of physical site, office areas, computer networks and office software with anti-virus software. Layered defense includes employee instruction on email attachment safety, network and computer anti-virus software, establishing file access on a need-to-know basis. Attended Intuit Company Quickbooks Accounting seminar in September 2015. Started spreadsheets on payroll and inventory. Reviewed the Department of Defense’s Acquisition Assurance Method, AAM at the Carnegie-Mellon Software Engineering Institute’s 16-18 November 2015 conference in Arlington, Virginia.

KEY PROJECTS:

Used Microsoft Access user interface and SQL database as a final Capstone Project at Stratford in 2014. This was a three table medical records assignment for the evaluation of phosphorus and calcium levels in hospital patient’s blood. Have used a record and field schema to link SQL table values.

Used web.com to update the Stratford school website for a small business and yard sale in Nov 2015. Determined that Drupal and Wordpress website packages are superior downloadable website software to the older and larger Dreamweaver and Django website software.

Attended a three day conference Carnegie-Mellon University, Software Engineering Institute
Conference on current Cloud architecture, Capability Maturity Model Integration, CMMI,
Agile program management/methodology, as Agile five versions, and DoD Acquisition Assurance Method, AAM, SEI’s Virus detection software named EINSTEIN3.

2005-2012, Platoon Leader / Sergeant First Class, US Army National Guard,

SECTION LEADER: Reviewed common field operations tasks and presented the tasks during one and one half hours at drill assemblies. Attended and scored physical fitness tests for enlisted soldiers, received instruction on rifle sight settings and instructed rifle target qualification. Read and practiced military vehicle transmission, radiator, oil maintenance for military vehicles. Assisted with convoy briefings and maintained good-order during convoy runs. Conducted counseling and training, rifle qualification counseling and training, military vehicle maintenance, convoy briefings and operations.

2004 – 2005, 2007-2008

PROJECT MANAGER AND COORDINATOR: Served as Intel Sergeant on military deployments to Iraq, Bosnia-Herzogovina, Afghanistan, and Kosovo. Worked with Pathfinder search software to prepare suspect and local reports, during one year deployments. Prepared simple spreadsheets for daily MS Powerpoint slides.

1997 – 2002, INTELLIGENCE ANALYST, VA Army National Guard,

Worked with the Maryland State Police Counter-Drug Trafficking Agency/HIDTA unit in electronics records research. Performed database searches on suspects and transferred search results to MSP for review. Also participated with data entry and deconfliction radius graphics.

Certifications: George Mason University GIS certificate, June 2016
Comp TIA Security+ certificate with passing grade February 2020
Microsoft Windows 10 with CCNA from New Horizons of Tysons, March 2022
.

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:

Led as a platoon and section sergeant in the US Army National Guard. Responsible for
accountability of soldiers and equipment in the intelligence section.

Performed clerical duties with MS Word, MS Excel, and MS Powerpoint. I have used MS Visio
to draw graphical diagrams. I have used Intelligence Analyst to document key events.

Received instruction with MS Azure database to create and merge databases using MS
Powershell, instruction with protection of software using Bitlocker and Bittorrent.

Practice problem solving and focus on accuracy of results.

Practice good written communication grammar and clarity.

Clear and loud enough with my speaking abilities.
Contact this candidate