ROBERT C. BELZ Afton, MN ***** 651-***-**** adwk1q@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn Profile

Network Administrator

Combines deep technical knowledge with results-centered leadership, customer-centric philosophy, and high adaptability to thrive in deadline-driven, fast paced environments. Implements, upgrades, and continuously improves IT resources with a dedication to exceeding expectations. History of leading cross-functional teams through highly complex, multiple projects simultaneously — meeting deadlines and all project benchmarks. Passionate in continuously learning and growing skill-set to ensure the organization stays at the leading edge.

Strategic IT Planning Personnel Development Proactive Leadership Testing Strong Presentations
Consulting Project Management Systems Integration SLA Compliance Knowledge Transfer
Vendor Relations Troubleshooting Effective Solutions Strong Communication Technology Roadmaps

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
University of Wisconsin–River Falls – River Falls, WI
Information Security Analyst – Dec 2019 – Present
As a Information Security Analyst my main responsibilities is to manage the Cisco Security tools which include AMP, Stealthwatch Cloud, Umbrella, and also Cloudlock. Also create and implement strategies and processes for Campus Endpoint Security by using Security Information and Event Management. Member of teams to create Logging and Monitoring and PCI Security Policies for the University to meet the guidelines set aside by the UW system.

Presbyterian Homes and Services – Roseville, MN
Network Administrator – Dec 2015 – Dec 2019
As Network and Security Engineer, I am responsible for the health and reliability of the 40+ excellent care facilities within the Presbyterian Homes and Services family. I manage just over 1,200 network devices for Presbyterian Homes from simple routers to data center switches and enterprise firewalls. I have the opportunity to work with dominantly Cisco technologies including the Nexus 5000 and 2000 platforms, ASA firewalls, Cloud Web Security, and a variety of Cisco routers, switches, and wireless devices. I also designed and deployed a wireless solution for our campuses currently in use across 40 buildings and including almost 5000 access points.

In addition to my network responsibilities I also work with our campus security systems (door access and cameras), assist with general administration (AD, Group Policy Exchange, Citrix/Xen, Server 2003, 2008, 2012, desktop support, etc), and anything else that needs an extra hand. Presbyterian Homes has provided a rich and rewarding experience where I continue to grow and learn.

Xerox Corp. ● Bloomington, MN ● 1994-2015
SYSTEMS ANALYST ● 2002-2015
Leveraged 20+ years in IT project management, direct client support, proactive team leadership, technical acumen, and a focus on continuous improvement to serve as a Subject Matter Expert in tools, resources, infrastructure requirements, and products to ensure optimum network performance (internal/external clients). Installed and configured Xerox Docushare in many top 200 corporations in the Upper Midwest. Worked both onsite and remote to provide effective and efficient IT support to client IT Administrators and End Users for desktop applications, printing issues, network configuration and testing of office MFDs. Used strong mentoring skills to teach internal/external staff on proprietary technology, solutions, and workflows.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science ~ Computer Information Systems (In Progress)
Metropolitan State University, Saint Paul, MN

Associate Degree ~ Computer Management Information Systems
Saint Paul College, Saint Paul, MN

CERTIFICATIONS
Cisco CyberOps – In progress
M.C.S.E
Microsoft Systems Certified Engineer
CompTIA Network Lean Six Sigma Green Belt
Microsoft Windows Server
Xerox P11 Certified, Internal Technical Trainer
Contact this candidate