Wesley Gillis II
IT Security Analyst
adwmzf@r.postjobfree.com • 229-***-****
LinkedIn • Thomasville, GA
Education & Certification
Cyber Security (Ongoing) CompTIA Network +, April 2023
Southern Regional Tech, Thomasville, GA CompTIA IT Fundamentals (ITF+)
Certification, Dec 2021
Network Defense and Countermeasures, Nov 2022 CompTIA
Developing Cybersecurity Programs and Policies, Apr 2022
uCertify

TestOut PC Pro Certification, Jun 2022
TestOut Network Pro Certification, Mar 2022 AWS S3 Basics, Dec 2021
TestOut Corporation Coursera

Highly motivated and dedicated IT Security Analyst with a strong foundation in information security principles and practices. Proficient in network and system security, including firewalls, intrusion detection and prevention systems, and encryption. Strong problem-solving skills and ability to learn quickly and adapt to new technologies. Excellent communication skills and ability to work collaboratively with cross-functional teams. CompTIA IT Fundamentals certified with a continuous learning mindset to stay up to date with emerging security threats, trends, and technologies. Seeking an opportunity to leverage my skills and gain hands-on experience in a challenging and dynamic environment.
Areas of Expertise
Data Security
Designing Security Controls
Implementing Security Programs
Active Directory
New User Setup
Microsoft Office Utilities
Technical Support
Strategic Development
Network Diagnostics
Helpdesk Ticketing
Proximity Card Assignment
E-set Firewall Management
Technical Issues Analysis
Industry Standards & Regulations
Issue Troubleshooting
PC Build and Repair
Kali Linux (Beginner)
Professional Experience
Senior Life Insurance Company, Thomasville, Georgia Jan 2022 – Feb 2023
Licensed Insurance Salesman / IT Support / IT Security Analyst
Managed and maintained the company's information security policies and procedures to ensure compliance with industry standards and regulations. Administered the company's network and systems, including servers, workstations, and peripherals. Coordinated with department managers to train and set up new and existing users, and the workstations. Participated in security audits and assessments and provided guidance and recommendations for improvement. Troubleshot and fixed any ticketing system IT issues.
●Played a pivotal role by supporting managers in creating and implementing 20 policies and SOPs.
●Joined Senior Life Insurance Company in January, studied, tested, and received the license in seven states by March.
●Transferred to the Information Technology department in September and promoted to IT Security Analyst position in December.
●Wrote 20,000 in sales in the first month for the state of Texas.
Additional Experience
Atkore International, Thomasville, Georgia
Lead Tool and Die Maker II
J&C Fence and Welding
Job Forman
Contact this candidate