Name: Narender
Email: adwpaf@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: +1-443-***-****

Senior Technocrat having 14+ Years of IT experience out of which 10 years in SAP ECC R/3, GRC, Fiori Security, BI/BW, S/4 HANA, HANA On-premise Security and Authorizations and Compliance auditing & 4 years worked into ETL Informatica. Spanning across implementation, up-gradation and support projects I have gained substantial experience in business process mapping, configuration, enhancements, and post implementation support in SAP along with the SAP certifications. An astute strategist and a thought leader, having quality experience in delivering Enterprise Solutions by providing managerial and technical support, requirement analysis, solution design& development and implementing best practices in technology.
Professional Summary

Provided guidance and direction for IT Operation Risk and Compliance, including Sarbanes Oxley, SDLC, Projects off
shored
Prepared the roadmap for design of SOX IT controls, drafted the testing steps and quarterly assessments
Responsible for preparing and implementing a risk-based audit plan to assess, report on, and make suggestions for improving the company's key operational and finance activities and internal controls.
Role Administration including Role creation modification/ export / import
Create RFC connection between two systems.
Complete rework on Emergency Access Management(EAM), Access Risk Analysis (ARA), Access Request Management (ARM) & Business Role Management (BRM)
User and Role Administration and having good troubleshooting skills.
Skilled at learning new concepts quickly while working well under pressure Highly organized and dedicated with a positive attitude
Technical & PMO, Consultant activities - Onboarding the project through due diligence and elicitation from business owner & customers delivery expectations. Business Analysis, Project Planning, Designing, Development & Testing strategies, Integration & Deployment. Handling the resources, technical procurement & processing teams synchronizing on project deliverables.
Responsible for Customer & Organization on SOWs and clearing gaps, escalations during project execution & monitoring and closing.
Extensively experienced as Scrum Master, Agile and Waterfall methodologies.
Extensive experience in Communications, Manufacturing, Insurance, banking, pharmaceutical and Inventory domains
Hand full of experience in production support environment – meeting SLAs in daily production flow, handling requests, Incidents, and change management.
Excellent experience in defect management, Performance tuning, data quality management, and metadata management
Expertise in managing multi person teams on different platforms across multiple projects
Involved in gathering business requirements and converting them into technical requirements as well as performing gap analysis between requirements and source data
Resource planning, recruitment, Budget allocations, On boarding and career management of team
Experienced in Setting up New team in a new location which also includes Security, Inventory and Contract Managements aligned with corporate rules.

Technical Skills:
ERP Products : SAP R/3 (ECC 5.3/6.0), S/4 HANA and Fiori, CP GRC & SAP GRC AC
Operating Systems : Windows XP/7 and UNIX
Databases : SQL, Hana DB/On-Premise
Domain Skills : Life Sciences, Banking, Manufacturing, Insurance & Telecom
ETL Tools : Informatica and DHW concepts
Tools : SAP GUI, Service Now, Citrix, Outlook, Skype, Toad

Detailed Professional Experience

Client: ASML-USA Mar’ 22 – Till Now
Domain: Communications
SAP Security Consultant
Wilton-USA

ASML is an innovation leader in the semiconductor industry. We provide chipmakers with everything they need hardware, software and services to mass produce patterns on silicon through lithography.
Worked on BI/BW security related authorization on both Queries and role level access.
Instrumental in setting up a global team collaboratively along with the Technology Leader and owner of the Consumer Services Technology Solutions group at US.
Creation and maintenance of user accounts and role administration.
Troubleshooting user authorization issues by analyzing SU53, ST01, STAUTHTRACE logs.
Processing User termination and Reactivation requests.
Mass user Maintenance activities such as a Locking/ Unlocking / Password reset.
AGILE way of working/methodology for creating & changing roles.
Process tickets as per the agreed SLA.
Open / Create and maintain OSS user ID’s as per business requirements in Secure area.
Generate monthly User role report using CPGRC for internal auditing.
Maintaining Rule Set, Function ID & Risk ID with Risk Owners and generating rules.
Performing Risk Analysis at Role level and User level. Remediate and mitigate the risks by creating Mitigation controls.
Create Mitigation Approvers & Monitors.
Building Workflows using MSMP and BRF+.
Importing of Roles into BRM.
Troubleshooting Access Requests for End Users.
Mapped Owners, Firefighters and Controllers using NWBC.
FIORI Catalog and Groups security administration
Worked on Analyses authorization creation and transport the changes within system landscape
Securing Reports / Query’s through roles based on Business requirement

Client: Zimmer Bio Jun’ 20 – Feb’ 22
Domain: Life Sciences
Role: SAP Security Consultant
Location: Indiana-USA

Zimmer designs, develops, manufactures and markets orthopedics products, including knee, hip, shoulder, elbow, foot and ankle artificial joints and dental prostheses. Zimmer has operations in more than 40 countries around the world.
Extensively used SU53 and SUIM to assign the missing authorizations to the users. Tracing missing authorizations objects using SU53 and recommended appropriate roles for the end users.
User administration (creating, maintaining, deleting user accounts and assigning roles) Managing user login parameters and password parameters.
Comprehensive use of Profile Generator to generate roles and assign roles to end users.
Configured and Implemented GRC Access Control Suite 10.0.
GRC implementation, automation, upgrade experience with GRC ARA, ARM, EAM, BRM and SAP CUA (Central User Administration) integration with SAP GRC.
Excellent knowledge of SOX, Audit issues and Segregation of Duties (SoD) issues.
Under Risk Analysis and Remediation, performed User & Role analysis to identify existing SoD violations and Risks.
Using ARA produced Analytical Reports on User, User Groups, Roles and Profiles.
Performed remediation and mitigation against various risks associated with roles and users.
ARA has Simulation features to allow you to assess the impact of potential remediation activities on the reported conflicts prior to making the actual change.
Experience in creating and assigning FF ID's and extracting Fire Fighter logs.
A firefighter ID is a temporary user ID that grants the user exception-based, yet regulated, access.
The firefighter ID is created by a system administrator and assigned to users who need to perform tasks in emergency or extraordinary situations.
Configured Workflow, actions and rules.
Configured HR trigger provisioning and scheduled background jobs.
Configured User Data source and defined authentication system for requestors using ARM.
Strong capability in using ARM to use the work flow functionality to ensure a comprehensive and compliant change management process for risk control and maintenance.
Experience in using ARM to configure workflow for User Access Review and User SoD Review.

Client: Akzonobel Sep’ 17 – May’ 20
Domain: Manufacturing
Role: SAP Security Consultant
Location: TX-USA

Akzonobel is a leading coatings company whose key products include automotive coatings, specialized equipment for the car repair and transportation market and marine coatings. The coatings groups consist of the following business units: Marine Coatings, Protective Coatings, Vehicle Refinishes, Specialty Coatings, Metal Coatings, Wood Coatings and Powder Coatings
Creating and modifying the roles based on the business requirement.
Worked on ticketing tool to resolve the issues & problems in different kinds of SAP Security modules.
Collaborate with other team members and business representatives to ensure that security roles, authorizations, activity levels and settings meet the Client requirements.
Analyzing the authorization issues using SU53 and ST01 and providing the solution, missing authorizations as per the user profile.
Determining and report if any risks will be introduced by simulating the addition of transactions, roles, or profiles to a user id.
Expertise in (User admin & Role admin User maintenance) like Creation of users, groups, assigning roles to users, modifying the user records, user roles and solving the authorization failures by using SU53).
Performing the WSR, Monthly, and Quarterly audit & compliance reports via CSI tool.
Good experience on the GRC-ARA SoD Violations like user, User Level and Role Level Simulation and execution.

Client: Lloyds Bank Group Feb’ 16 – Aug‘ 17
Domain: Banking
Role: SAP Security Consultant
Location: London, UK
In line with this archival of static and live data, the SAP ILM project is one such initiative sponsored by Sales and Marketing that focuses on providing an in-depth understanding of the customer. Data archiving with the retention periods for the banks static and live data.
Working on Role administration and User administration by using t-code PFCG and SU01.
Used PA30/PA20 to check Info types and user other information
Used Users_Gen transaction to copy the new users for existing OgrId in SRM system
Analyzing the authorization issues using SU53 and ST01 and providing the solution as per the user profile.
Added roles in portal system user Administration tab
User validity Extension for SRM users
Adding new transactions as user requests.
Prepared the Audit reports as user requested format.
Working Firefighter administration like assigning FFID’s to FF users and sending logs to FF Controller.
Extracting Audit reports from SAP systems and sending them to client for verification.
Working on Weekly, Monthly and Quarterly Audit reports.
Extensively worked on Authorization objects, fields, authorizations, authorization profiles.

Clients: BWM Aug’ 15 – Jan‘ 17
Domain: Manufacturing
Role: SAP Security Consultant
Location: Hyderabad, India

BMW is a German multinational manufacturer of luxury vehicles and motorcycles headquartered in Munich, Bavaria, Germany. The corporation was founded in 1916 as a manufacturer of aircraft engines.
Used (PFCG) Profile Generator for creation, modifying roles, composite roles, derived roles
Conducted meetings with business and functional team (SD, MM, FICO) to gather requirements for derived and composite roles to implement the role- based security
Analyzed the report in SU53 to find out the missing authorizations and resolve the User issues
Production Support for all SAP user’s authorization and access issues
Utilizing system trace (ST01), authority check (SU53), to analyze and fix Problems related to Security
Facilitated coordination between Help desk and Technical teams.
Performed user administration activities, such as setting up user login IDs, resetting passwords, locking users, and unlocking users.
Created and modified Single Roles using Profile Generator to meet business requirements by making sure users get proper authorizations
Extensively worked on Authorization objects, fields, authorizations, authorization profiles.

Client: Honeywell Oct’ 12 – May‘ 15
Domain: Manufacturing
Role: SAP Consultant
Location: Hyderabad, India

Handling Administration Changes, requests that are entered making sure that they are knowledgeable and make sense logically so than the request can be approved.
Tracing missing authorizations objects using SU53 and recommended appropriate roles for the end users.
User administration (creating, maintaining, deleting user accounts and assigning roles).
Managing user login parameters and password parameters.
Analyzing authorization problems/errors and implementing appropriate solutions.
Daily audits of the CSI tool.
Monitor the group Inbox.
Update Policies and Procedures for CSI Admin & START process. Worked on Role administration and User administration by using t-code PFCG and SU01.
Conducted meetings with business and functional team (SD, MM, FICO) to gather requirements for derived and composite roles to implement the role- based security
Used PA30/PA20 to check Info types and user other information
Used Users_Gen transaction to copy the new users for existing OgrId in SRM system
Added roles in portal system user Administration tab
User validity Extension for SRM users
Adding new transactions as user requests.
Prepared the Audit reports as user requested format.
Extracting Audit reports from SAP systems and sending them to client for verification.
Working on Weekly, Monthly and Quarterly Audit reports.
Extensively worked on Authorization objects, fields, authorizations, authorization profiles.
User administration involving creation/deletion/locking/modifying users.
Assigning missing authorizations as per the user’s requirement.
Worked with User Information System, creating and changing users and assigning users to roles.
Generated and maintained authorizations and authorization profiles based on existing roles.
Copying and Modifying SAP-provided user role templates and also created a set of custom user role templates.
Used CUA to maintain users (creation, deletion, locking etc).
Worked on ticketing tool to resolve the issues & problems in different kinds of SAP Security modules.
Collaborate with other team members and business representatives to ensure that security roles, authorizations, activity levels and settings meet the Client requirements.
Analyzing the authorization issues using SU53 and ST01 and providing the solution, missing authorizations as per the user profile.

Jun’ 09 – Sep‘ 12
Zurich/Farmers (Client)
ETL Developer (Role)
Hyderabad, India

Involved in ETL development using different transformations like Router, Aggregator, Joiner, Lookup, Update Strategy, Source qualifier, Filter, Expression and Sequence generator etc., to store the data into the target table.
Created the Mapplets & reusable Transformations.
Involved in development of change requests and Implementations
Performed Production support during the warranty period after code deployment.
Created sessions, workflows and implemented error handling mechanism for ETL mappings.
Creation of Unit Test Plans (UTP), Unit Test Cases (UTC's), Unit Test scripts with captured unit test results.
Performed Code reviews of Informatica Mapplets, Mappings, and workflows and other documents required by onshore.

Environment
INFORMATICA 8x, ORACLE, Teradata, UNIX, HP Service Desk

CISCO (Client) Jan’ 08 – May‘ 09

Developer and Production Support analyst (Role)
Hyderabad, India

Managing the offshore team and involving in production support activities
Establish and ensure adherence to a set of guiding principles for data warehousing
Communication of key milestone status to IT management
Ensuring the remainder of the team accede to their responsibilities as enumerated below
Liaise with strategic vendors
Establishing partnerships with key IT partners in support of data warehousing initiatives
Involved in code and application development & enhancements.
Automated various manual Processes through ETL logic.
Developed and Scheduled Various Mappings and Sessions.
Identifying the load on server and performing load balancing to avoid SLA miss outs during regular job monitoring.
Identified performance bottlenecks and implemented Performance tuning methods.
Involved in critical and high priority time bound issues providing detailed root cause and resolution to business users.
Responsible for maintenance of proper quality standards in deliverables, version control, defect tracker, error log etc. and Major Business and Operations Support. And major business and operations support.
I was also involved in solving priority 1 business cases and maintaining and supporting the production in a full cycle basis.
I ensured that the whole team is in sync with the Customer Advocacy Finance Business policy.
Involving in migration and testing of applications during software/hardware environment upgrades.
Monitoring daily runs of jobs on $Universe (scheduling tool) and UNIX environment.
Batch job support (24x7) including month end, quarter end and Year-end support.
Providing production and non-production support and coordinating with DBAs.

Environment
INFORMATICA 8x, ORACLE, Teradata, UNIX, HP Service Desk, BO, $Universe

Education
Master’s Degree (MCA) from Osmania University, India
Bachelor’s Degree (BCA) from Osmania University, India
Contact this candidate