LEAH BROWN
Jacksonville, FL ***** 314-***-**** adwtln@r.postjobfree.com
Self-assured individual trained to be focused Compliance Specialist bringing more than 5 years working in operation and the healthcare industry. I'm detail-oriented team player with strong organizational skills. Corrective Actions
Regulatory Compliance and Documentation
Risk Management Strategies
Data Security
Regulatory Standards
Fraud Investigations
Audit Risk Management
Reading Comprehension
Auditing Processes
Compliance Reviews
System Inventory
Federal Regulations
Vulnerability Management
Proficient with NetSuite, Microsoft Excel,
Qualysgaurd and CompTIA
Compliance Specialist, 07/2021 - Current
Optimas OE Solutions – Jacksonville, FL
As Compliance Specialist position is responsible for assisting in the development, planning, and monitoring of all compliance-related functions. This is inclusive of, but not limited to completing compliance investigations, evaluating organizational risk, assisting in mitigation strategies, completing internal audits and building meaningful relationships to influence compliance standards amongst departments.
Served as subject matter expert by advising staff and customers and working directly with external agencies throughout audits or to remedy compliance issues. Implemented improvement initiatives and developed compliance testing program to monitor and identify gaps in new and existing practices.
Identified deficiencies, discrepancies, misinformation and compliance issues with loan documentation in order to determine ineligibility or acceptance status and return non-compliant packages to teams for resolution.
Investigated and documented all violations of compliance regulations to determine necessary improvements.
Respond to employee inquiries regarding compliance regulations and procedures. PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
SKILLS
WORK HISTORY
Monitor and assess compliance risks associated with operational processes and procedures. Develop and maintain compliance database, tracking all compliance activities and documents. Prepared and submitted regulatory filings in timely manner. Identified, investigated and documented compliance violations and recommended corrective measures. Collaborated with internal and external stakeholders, auditors and legal counsel to confirm compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
Assisted with internal and external audits to confirm compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Information Security Analyst, 06/2019 - 07/2021
Magellan Healthcare, County – Saint Louis, MO
Provided input and feedback to security tools teams for tuning of security infrastructure. Monitored use of data files and regulated access to protect secure information. Conducted security audits to identify vulnerabilities. Developed, tested and implemented security policies, plans and procedures for organizational protection. Analyzed network traffic and system logs to detect malicious activities. Administered and monitored firewalls, intrusion detection systems and anti-virus software to detect risks.
Investigated and resolved incidents of unauthorized access to sensitive information. Implemented security measures to reduce threats and damage related to cyber attacks. Reviewed violations of computer security procedures and developed mitigation plans. Worked with other teams to enforce security of applications and systems. Engineered, maintained and repaired security systems and programmable logic controls. Drafted security reports and metrics to track security performance and strategize improvements. Encrypted data and erected firewalls to protect confidential information. Performed risk analyses to identify appropriate security countermeasures. Developed plans to safeguard computer files against modification, destruction, or disclosure. Working knowledge of PCI DSS and HIPAA applicable security privacy controls. Recommend improvements in security systems and procedures. Helpdesk Specialist (Supervisor), 08/2014 - 02/2018 Connexions Loyalty, MO – Creve Coeur, MO
Resolve issues following proper procedures and protocol of company. Researched and identified solutions to technical problems. Logged activities in tracking system to maintain accurate, timely records. Assist while abiding by QA guidelines, create cost efficient resolutions as well as address customers and team issues and concerns in timely fashion.
Inspected components for full power potential before and after updates. Supervised daily configuration activities and business systems operations. Working knowledge of: PCI DSS 3.2
Provided support for network infrastructure and baseline configurations. Helped streamline repair processes and update procedures for support action consistency. Diagnosed and troubleshot hardware, software and network issues. Lead Housekeeping Supervisor, 12/2013 - 08/2014
Doubletree By Hilton Hotel St.Louis - Chesterfield – Chesterfield, MO As Lead Housekeeping Supervisor oversee and open/ close department. Payroll data entry weekly staff scheduling, inventory counts, supply ordering and dispatch maintenance calls.
Distribute room assignments, create work orders, 224 daily room inspections, adhere to complaints request and concerns.
Hold daily staff meeting, employee interviews, evaluations and training as well as data entry for QA ready rooms to keep hotel at 95 percentiles to uphold its standing as Hilton Brand. Front Office Associate, 01/2013 - 12/2013
Doubletree By Hilton Hotel St.Louis – Chesterfield, MO Record guest request
Assign guest rooms,.
Record guest complaints.
Dispatch maintenance calls.
Obtain payments.
Schedule staff meetings
Showroom appointments and secretarial work as needed. Certification : PCI Compliance
Qualysgaurd - Jacksonville, FL
High School Diploma: 2008
University City High School - University City, MO
General Studies
Certification: Vulnerability Management
Qualysguard - Jacksonville, FL
EDUCATION
Contact this candidate