Sterling A. McCullough
PMP Certified Security/ Infrastructure Project Manager
adwujq@r.postjobfree.com • 913-***-****
LinkedIn • Olathe, KS 66062
Technically astute and meticulous professional with extensive experience executing large-scale cybersecurity projects as well as developing/implementing comprehensive security strategies aligned with business objectives.
Track record of supporting network infrastructure and IT security environments and creating network service strategic processes for multiple business groups. Skilled in implementing DR/BCP, Sox and NIST Based projects, IAM projects, administrating transition of stakeholder's requirement management, and providing PAM solutions to internal organizations and customers. Expert in building, mentoring, and motivating cross-functional teams in alignment with organizational SOPs and emerging IT trends. Instrumental in mitigating technical risks throughout the delivery life-cycle and maintaining complete compliance with all applicable policies and quality standards.
Technical Proficiencies
Platforms:
Windows OS, Linux
Tools/Technologies:
PMBOK, Microsoft Project, Project Server, Integrated Adaptive Cyber Defense (IACD), Data Loss Prevention (DLP), DATA, VOICE, VOIP, Agile, Scrum, SDLC, SQL, Network Firewalls, LAN, TCP/IP, IAM, IDS, IPS, SIEM/Splunk, FIREWALLS, CISCO, Call Flows, Microwave Wireless Radios, Routers, AWS, Microsoft Windows Server, VMWare, APIs, DNS, DHCP, Azure, GCP, Web Services, Jira, DR/BCP
Areas of Expertise
•Information & Network Security
•Security Assessment Testing
•Enterprise Network Management
•Threat Detection & Incident Response
•Network/Security Engineering
•Security Improvement Initiatives
•DR/BCP, SOX, NIST, CSF Projects
•Jira, Confluence, MS Project
•Agile / Project Delivery
•Risk Assessment & Mitigation
•Cloud Architecture
•Problem Analysis & Resolution
Career Experience
S3/TECO, Remote 2022 – 2023
Cybersecurity, Sr. Program/Project Manager
Oversaw routine operations, including managing cyber security and control/SCADA system security, maintaining critical infrastructure regulatory compliance, ensuring mitigation plan support, preparing audit documentation, and conducting cyber security/vulnerability assessments. Managed key tasks for TECO's governance, risk, cybersecurity & governance group. Steered migration of Applications from Servers to Azure and AWS Clouds. Ensured password management by reviewing and analyzing the capabilities of CyberArk and Safeguard.
Guaranteed adherence to PGS, NMGC and TECO TSA, and CSF security compliance requirements.
Assured to meet technical, budget, schedule, and performance goals by managing IT projects and associated activities within the IT department.
Contributed to the development/execution of cybersecurity programs at client sites.
Drove cybersecurity mitigation plan support by liaising with ICS IT/OT project teams.
Spearheaded Pen Testing efforts and findings mitigation for O365, Outlook, and OT Systems
Led Security Analyst Teams from Peoples Gas and New Mexico Gas to create and update list of Assets to be following TSA regulations.
Ensured the BCP procedures were updated and would meet or exceed TSA regulations.
HP/Experis, Remote 2021 – 2022
IAM Cybersecurity Sr. Project Manager
Administered implementation of Okta Access Gateway. Headed the onboarding/migration of new applications from onboarding to going live on Okta Platform from current DXC Data Center to New HPP Data Center. (Approx. 2500), comprised of Single Sign On/MFA (SAML/OIDC, Oauth, and Legacy Protocols – Web Agent, Web Service, Federation, SOAP, RestFul), User/Group Provisioning, Directory Integration (AD/LDAP), etc. Contributed to implementing and delivering PAM solutions to internal organizations and clients. Enabled system functionality through permissions and auditing. Prepared thorough notes and provided minutes by leading meetings with partners and customers.
Led the migration of various applications from servers to Azure and AWS Clouds. Created JIRA user stories for integration within each environment while aligning JIRA stories to Sprints.
Leveraged strong understanding of CyberArk systems management of Safes/vaults and platforms.
Increased overall efficiency by tracking progress on multiple work streams and projects.
Next Level Business Services /ITC/AON - Chicago, IL 2020
Sr. Project Manager, Cybersecurity / Global Security Services
Facilitated Security and Infrastructure Architecture initiatives by managing deliverables related to WIN10 Project Workstream. Held logical/theoretical and technical/hands-on standpoints while conducting regular security audits. Headed the installation and configuration of servers, routers, and printers globally.
Maintained computer systems, products, and software on a global scale by planning comprehensive penetration and security assessment testing.
Deployed and upgraded applications associated with IAM, Identity Manager, Active Directory, GPO, Firewalls, IT Security Standards, and End Point Security.
Augmented bandwidth as required to manage network capacity for Global SD-WAN.
Ensured SOX related projects were following current regulatory requirements.
Collabera/Verizon, Remote 2018 – 2019
Sr. Project Manager / Core Engineering
Monitored design, development integration, test, employment, and quality assurance of a new engineering system and change management by leading cross-functional scrum teams (Engineering, IT, Supply Chain).
Integrated new system by identifying business requirements and driving towards standard processes.
Devised an integrated engineering system by leading development efforts and discussions with IT teams.
Utilized Jira and Confluence to software engineer the new enhancements to provisioning systems.
First Data Corp - Omaha, NE 2015 – 2017
Senior IT Infrastructure Project Manager
Deployed HP thin and VMware clients to global end-users and replaced all laptops/desktops by managing international end-user computing projects and tech refresh teams. Positioned F5s and Cisco 7000s migration from One Data Center to another Data Center. Supported new policies for all applications upgrading to IE10 from previous versions, mainly DLP, SOX, and PCI Applications, to mitigate threat remediation as well as administered compliance, governance, and risk initiatives by overseeing changing of SSL and TLS parameters (Encryption/Decryption) on thousands of desktops and laptops. Led deployment of IE10, Office 365, MS Exchange 2013, IT Security Projects, and CyberArk URM applications worldwide.
Created IAM, OSS, and EMS Systems for engineering and operations applications by leading App developers.
Headed all aspects of the VDI project from initiation to closure using SDLC, Agile, and Scrum methodologies by managing cross-functional team of over 15 engineers.
Provided direction and leadership to manage IT infrastructure and software development projects (SDLC), Agile, Scrum, and RAD project teams.
Ensured all projects pertaining to SOX and GLB met and remained in compliance with current regulations.
Created a quarterly routine of testing and validating BCP processes and procedures were accurate and succinct in an event of disasters.
SPRINT, KS, Overland Park, Ks. 2013 – 2015
Program Manager/Network Infrastructure Planner
Processed procurement orders and managed deployment of core engineering platforms. Managed card upgrades and CPU and memory chip expansions in Data Centers. Deployed Cisco 7700, 7000, 6000,5000, 500, Nokia -ALU 7950, 7750 and 7705, and F5. Executed ASR 5500/5000/SAMI 7613 software configuration, integration, testing, and troubleshooting. Purchased and deployed Mobility Management Entity (MME), Serving Gateway (SGW), PDN Gateway (PGW), HRPD Serving Gateway (HSGW), DIAMETER Routing Agent (DRA), and Element Management Systems (EMS) using VoIP (SIP/PRI).
Managed SD-WAN while carrying out capacity project deployment planning and program/change management.
Resolved data call flows issues for Cisco Nexus 9000, 6000, 5500, 500, Ericsson, and Nokia-ALU.
Spearheaded migration of IOTA Project, including migrating applications off 2 HP Blade Servers onto 2 IBM Blade Servers from one Data Center to another.
Additional Experience
Program Manager, Tech Arch Security & Controls, Com-Resource/ Cardinal Health, Dublin, OH
Program Manager, Information Security, ICC/Huntington Bank, Columbus, OH
Lead Operations Consultant, Landis+Gyr, Lenexa, Ks.
IT Project Manager, Embarq, Overland Park, Ks.
Project/Program Manager (Network Engineering and Operations), Rural Telecom/Nex-Tech, Lenora, KS
Sr. Project Manager- Network Engineering, MCS Inc, Overland Park, Ks.
Director, Network Engineering, New Global Telecom, CO, Denver, Co.
Lead Management Consultant, Tri Cor Information Systems, Kansas City, Mo.
Education
Doctor of Philosophy - Abd
Capella University, Minneapolis, MN
Master of Business Administration in IT/Finance
Keller Graduate School of Management, Kansas City, MO.
Bachelor of Science in Communications & Network Engineering
DeVry University, Kansas City, MO.
Associate of Science in Computer Technology
Youngstown State University, Youngstown, OH.
Licenses & Certifications
Scrum Master Professional
Project Management Professional (PMP)
SAFe 5.1.1
Security +
PSM, Certified CyberArk Trustee
Graduate Certificate in Executive Leadership, Cornell University
Contact this candidate