ABIOLA BARUWA
Severn, MD. adwwgm@r.postjobfree.com. +1-240-***-****
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Skilled Information Security Analyst, knowledgeable in risk management framework (RMF), systems development life cycle (SDLC), security life cycle, and vulnerabilities management using FISMA, FedRAMP, and applicable NIST standards. Organized, Solutions-focused, deadline-focused, team oriented, work well independently, or in team providing all facets of computer supports with in-depth knowledge and understanding of numerous software packages and operating systems. A proven project and team lead with aptitude for good customer service, leadership, excellent communication (both oral and written), and presentation skills. Specialized in providing IT security expertise and guidance in support of security assessments and continued monitoring for government and commercial clients.
Functional areas of expertise include:
Assessment and Authorization (A&A)
IT Security Compliance
Vulnerability Assessment
Vulnerability Scanning
Security Test and Evaluation (ST&E)

Certification and Accreditation (C&A)
Risk Assessment
Systems Development Life Cycle
Technical Writing
Project Management and Support

TECHNICAL AND SPECIALIZED SKILLS
Nessus Vulnerability Scanner, Microsoft Office, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, MS Project, Access, Mac, Microsoft Windows, Linux, VMware, Oracle virtual box, Parallel Virtual Machine, CSAM, RSAM, Tripwire, Accellion/WatchDox secured file solution, RMPS, Remedy, Splunk, Active Directory, ServiceNow, Trend Micro, and more.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
IT Security Analyst Panthergon IT & Cybersecurity Solutions (PITCCS) June 2019 – Present
Supported clients security policies and activities for networks, systems, and applications including vulnerability management, incident reporting, mitigation, and continuous monitoring, Supported full life cycle of assessment and authorization (A&A) processes.
Developed, reviewed, and updated Information Security System Policies, System Security Plans, and Security baselines in accordance with NIST, FedRAMP, FISMA, OMB App. III A-130 and industry best security practices.
Applied appropriate information security control for Federal Information System based on NIST 800-37 rev1, SP 800-53, FIPS 199, FIPS 200 and OMB A-130 Appendix III
Direct experience with formatting, customizing, and providing feedback for documentation relating to Information Assurance & IT Security Vulnerability
Perform internal audits of the systems prior to third party audits.
Reviewed authorization documentation for completeness and accuracy for compliance.
Facilitated Security Control Assessment (SCA) and Continuous Monitoring Activities
Executed examine, interview, and test procedures in accordance with NIST SP 800-53A.
Executed examine, interview, and test procedures in accordance with NIST SP 800-53A Revision 4Ensured cyber security policies are adhered to and that required controls are implemented.
Validated information system security plans to ensure NIST control requirements are met.
Authored recommendations associated with findings on how to improve the customer’s security posture in accordance with NIST controls. Assisted team members with proper artifact collection and detail to clients examples of artifacts that will satisfy assessment requirements.
Updated and reviewed A&A Packages to include Core Docs, Policy & Procedures, Operations and Maintenance Artifacts, SSP, SAR, FIPS 200, FIPS 199, POA&M, and more.
Collected Operation and Maintenance artifacts on an ongoing basis so that Security Control Assessment (SCA) is seamless.
Uploaded supporting docs in the System’s Artifact Libraries, Google Docs, and CSAM
Updated, reviewed, and aligned SSP to the requirements in NIST 800-53, rev4, so that assessments can be done against the actual requirements and not ambiguous statements.
Managed vulnerabilities with the aid of Nessus vulnerability Scanners to detect potential risks on a single, and multiple assets across the enterprise network.
Reviewed SAR post assessment, created and completed POA&M’s milestones to remediate findings and vulnerabilities.
Monitored security controls post authorization to ensure continuous compliance with the security requirements.

IT Security Engineer Xzentia, LLC July 2018 – June 2019
Guided security assessments and supported the A&A (C&A)/HIPAA compliance activities according to the project plans, Reviewed authorization documentation for accuracy and compliance, Facilitated security control assessment (SCA) and continuous monitoring activities.
Executed examinations, interviews, and test procedures in accordance with NIST SP 800-53A, Adhered to cyber security policies and control implementation, Validated information system security plans to ensure NIST control requirements.
Scheduled kick-off meetings with system owners to identify assessment scope, system boundary, and attain artifacts.
Engaged in the assessment processing by preparing, conducting, and communicating assessments and results while executing the assessment timeline, Created requirement traceability matrix and document pass or fails.
Developed security assessment plan (SAP) and conduct assessments of security control selections on impact level systems to ensure compliance with NIST SP 800-53A, Conducts security control interview meetings with key stakeholders.
Documented assessment findings in a security assessment report (SAR) and create a plan of action and milestone (POA&M) to trace corrective action to resolve vulnerabilities, Validated compliance and reviewed A&A assessment packages.

EDUCATION
Medical Asst Brightwood College Beltsville - Beltsville, MD

SKILLS
- Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with clients and co-workers
- Skills in interviewing users to help analyze and resolve issues
- Strong communication (verbal &amp, written) and presentation skills
- Strong organizational, analytical and planning skills
- Ability to read and interpret system security policies, rules and regulations
- Ability to communicate security and risk-related concepts to both non-technical and technical audiences
Contact this candidate