CURRICULUM VITAE

SHUJA UDDIN
adx37s@r.postjobfree.com
Cell No: 030********
CAREER OBJECTIVE
I always aim for "vision", "success", and to deliver my "best performance".
To gain experience in an environment where my skills can be honed and developed while serving the best interests of the organization while gaining the ability to learn, earn, and grow in my abilities, as well as to provide effective and efficient administrative support to enhance my professional capabilities, for the success of the organization, and to become a success-oriented individual.

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION
ØB.Tech (Electronics) 2011-2012
Indus University Karachi Pakistan
ØD.A.E (Electronic) 2007-2010
Ali Garh Institute of Technology Karachi Pakistan
Ø(SSC) Examination 2005-2006
Karachi Board

WORK EXPERIENCE
vTelecom Trainee ( RELACOM ) Ericsson
Job description
Ø Installation of 3G and 2G base stations.
ØTransmission link through microwave system.
ØInterface with the BSC (base network controller).
ØTroubleshooting and networking optimization.

vTelecom PM Team Supervisor ( ZTE )
Job description
ØWorking as preventive maintenance and changing ATX panels
ØMaintenance in Generator over oiling
ØResolve all burning issues in wiring
ØBattery backup testing
ØKnow and working in network qualities
ØTx and Rx issues tracing and also installing fiber optic cable
ØWeathering jumper cables, taping and gracing earth cables.

vCCTV Operator
MOVENPICK hotel Karachi
ØContinuously monitor CCTV screens for the prevention of pilferage, vandalism, larceny, and sabotage.
ØPerform roving patrol checks of all gateposts, twice per shift.
ØEnsure that the guards are following procedures and that all post orders and security forms are maintained and updated.
ØPerform daily and weekly, operator-level maintenance on all CCTV equipment.
ØMaintain logs and journals, monitor radio and telephones.
ØResponsible for providing observation security and force protection support.
ØRespond and report alarms, suspicious activities, and violators in accordance with established procedures and policy.

vCorporate Security Officer
Telenor Pakistan
Provide and implement security protocols for corporate buildings.
Maintain the visual, verbal coordinated flow of information between our franchises.
Conduct security risk coordination meetings with management also alerting them of possible threats or situations.
Maintain strict professionalism while greeting all staff and customers.
Remain alert for false badges, unauthorized visitors, vehicles, or personnel stationed along the perimeter of the facilities for prolonged periods of time.

vATM technician
WACHENHUT Pakistan (PVT.) LTD
Job description
Performed first-line maintenance (FLM) on ATMs.
Replenished and serviced ATMs on a daily basis.
Completed deposit pick-ups on ATMs.
Delivered currency and ATM cards to various dedicated banks, CPCs
Drove service routes for an extended period of time daily.
Performed after-hours emergency cash on automatic teller machines.

vATM technician
SOS Pakistan (PVT.) LTD
Job description
Retrieve cash from ATM
Replenish ATMs with high volumes of cash and secure machines so access is not possible.
Balance ATMs to ensure the correct amount of cash has been given out. Troubleshoot when problems occur with ATM.

v Security Analyst
BTCM (LLC)
Job description
A support person manager and Directs the Surveillance Department. Organize Routine inspection and Audits and Prepares Appropriate Reports as Required, work with security Team to Resolve problem and prevent losses in the stores. Also Sending emails to stores, marketing managers, and dealers
suspended transaction verification that the affect sales information or inventory availability information for the store
Refunding transaction verification that the returns money back to a customer's
Void transaction verification that the canceled by a merchant or vendor before it settles through a consumer's debit or credit card account.

PERSONAL DETAILS
Religion: Islam
Nationality: Pakistani
Passport:
Marital Status: Married
Date of Birth: 21ST Feb 1989
Address: Flat # D-409 Rufi green city block 18 Gulistan e Jauhar Karachi

QUALIFYING ABILITIES
ØPUNCTUAL
Very punctual in performing duties and always on time program, belief very much in time management.
ØRESPONSIBLE
Performing duties with utmost care and perfection. Finding an opportunity to learn from mistakes if ever committed unknowingly.
ØRESOURCEFUL
If ever in problem, driving various means to get out of it and resolve the issue, giving views in different matters concerning the firm, and always open to ideas and orders from superiors.
ØADJUSTABLE
Very much capable of adjusting to a new environment with new people and new opportunities.
ØSELF MOTIVATED
Highly self-motivated and looking forward to exploring new tasks and responsibilities assigned.

LANGUAGES KNOWN
English: Spoken as well as written.
Urdu: Spoken as well as written.

I hereby solemnly declare that the abovementioned particulars are correct and true to the best of my knowledge and belief. And I assure your good office that I will work to the best of my abilities and diligently perform all that is assigned to me to your fullest satisfaction.
Shuja Uddin

Reference: will be provided if required.
Contact this candidate