DARRELL BARICUATRO
**** ******** **** #**
Pico Rivera, Ca 90660
adxf0d@r.postjobfree.com
562-***-****

SUMMARY:
Highly accomplished Information Technology professional with a career spanning over 2 decades of success at the forefront of network operations and engineering. Deep knowledge of information and network and perimeter security best practices, used to build robust, highly secure architectures protecting confidential information, experience includes work in federal, private and military sectors, with a history in cloud computing, aerospace, and software development.
Adept at fostering implementation of leading-edge network and systems technologies, focused on reaching and exceeding goals for uptime and availability. Exceptional diagnostician able to analyze and identify the root cause of network issues. Skilled mentor motivating and training personnel to reach and exceed corporate goals. Extensive track record of success in achieving and surpassing SLA requirements.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE:
Network Engineering
Infrastructure Management
ERP, CRM, HRIS and Payroll Project & Deployment.
WAN/LAN Engineering
Asset Management Hardware & Software
Troubleshooting & Root Cause Analysis
Network Diagnostics
Disaster Recovery & Business Continuity
Strategic Planning
Rapid Deployment
Continuous Process Improvement
Project Management
Data Center Management
Systems Implementation
AWS & Google Services Proof of Concept
Secure ISE Security: IPS, IDS, DLP
Penetration Testing
Veeam Backup & Replication
Symantec Backup Exec
Shadow Protect backup and recovery.
McAfee, Sophos, Cisco SecureX End Point Protection & ePo
Network Administration
Office 365 / Active Directory Sync and Management
Regulatory Compliance and Privacy
FISMA, NIST, FEDRAMP, HIPPA, SOX, PCI, GLBA
Architect, Manage EMC, HP, Compellent SANS

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Dell, HP, IBM, CISCO, EMC SAN, Dell Compellent SAN, Dell KVM and Switches, Cisco Firewall, Router, and Switches, Juniper Routers and Switches, HP Switches, ERP Software, JD Edwards, Oracle, Deltek/Costpoint, Lawson, Oracle, Microsoft OS, RedHat Linux OS, Numara, Track IT, Service Now, Symantec, NEC 1000/2000 Digital & IP Systems, Telrad Digital & IP Systems, Avaya Digital & IP Phone Systems, Cisco ASA firewall, Cisco Catalyst 3650 and Cisco Meraki switches (layer2/ 3), VMWare ESXi 6. 5– Virtual Server Environment Administration, Symantec Endpoint Protection, Symantec. Cloud, Symantec Backup Exec, SonicWall Firewalls 3600 series

EXPERIENCE:

Security Operation
PIH Whittier Hospital/Altera April 2022 – Current

My Security Analyst position reports directly to CISO. I’m tasked with operational monitoring of PIH networks for potential threats, installing software that protects from online vulnerabilities, documenting breaches and reporting issues so they can be adequately handled. In addition, I monitor all servers and workstations AV and endpoint protection for 3 hospital campuses and all medical support applications. Other assigned duties, Manage the patching of all servers on a quarterly cycle through SCCM, Absolute find and review dark devices, KnowBe4 phishing campaigns and training, Qualys for monitoring external and internal vulnerabilities.

Owens Corning – Compton Ca. 0/2021 – Current
Production / Utility / A Shift

My current position is to support the manufacturing of roofing materials. I took this opportunity to work with Owens Corning management to learn the business and assist with the automation of their shingle manufacturing processes.

G4S / Allied Universal – Los Angeles Ca. 04/2019 –6/2021
Post Commander-Owens Corning

Assigned protection of site security. Working with Owens Corning executive management to coordinate site security and truck driver management. Manage site guard schedule and training of policy and procedures.

Regent Aerospace Corporation – Valencia Ca. 04/2017 – 3/17/2019
Manager of Information Technology

Provide CEO and CFO with critical interrogation analysis of legacy infrastructure, systems, ERP, HRIS, applications and support systems. Create proof concept and deployment plan for new Cisco/SonicWall firewall, Cisco switches, Dell/HPE servers and VSphere and HyperV architecture, Citrix, Microsoft Server 2016, Exchange 2016, Office 365, SharePoint, SQL, SCCM and support services. Review, create and publish company Policies & Procedures, Continuity Plan, and Disaster Recovery Plan utilizing ISO/9001 guidelines. I’m also reviewing, planning and the deployment of new Security policies and controls to meet today ever-growing security threats.

Pomeroy Consulting – Hebron Ky. 10/2016 - 1/2017
Infrastructure Consultant Cisco – Network Systems

* Member to a team of professionals responsible for the day-to-day administration and maintenance of the IT infrastructure to include onsite administration and support, scheduled installation and configuration activities, as needed troubleshooting within the policies and procedures and compliance of TA Travel Center.
* Technologies handled by the team include, but not limited to, local area network (LAN) technologies, wide area network (WAN) technologies, server and enterprise applications and desktop technologies.
* Deploy and manage Cisco routers, switches, wireless access points and voice gateways.
* Complete PMP documentation for Situation Room (HQ) and local site management.

Public Health Foundation Enterprises – City of Industry, CA 4/2004 – 8/2015
Director IT /Sr. Network Engineer & Security Engineer
Provided critical executive leadership over corporate vision, culture, and policies for the full breadth of IT, network and information security, WAN/LAN engineering, enterprise infrastructure, business architecture, web services, and database administration. Implemented a structured architecture for network security and infrastructure access. Defined clear policies for IT governance and business systems. Oversaw helpdesk operations, service delivery, and mobile support. Spearheaded social media marketing and web development. Established a clear framework for disaster recovery and business continuity. I managed and supervised the deployment of SharePoint, Exchange, and ERP administration.

CSIRT (Computer Security Incident Response Team) Create, Plan, Investigate, Analyzing, Communication, Remediate, Recommend Technology, Policy, Governance, and training changes after Security Incidents.
Microsoft SCOM (System Center Operations Manager) was deployed for single point of management. Also, to support management Active Directory management, Data protection, VM Management, DNS, IIS and Cloud management.
Setup and Configure (SIEM) LogRhythm, Solarwinds for network and endpoint monitoring and forensics and advance security analytics. The software was deployed for solutions that enabled PHFE to secure our networks and optimize information technology operations. In addition, it strives to automate collection, organization, analysis, archival, and recovery of log data that enables enterprises to comply with log data retention regulations.
Drove creation of a top-level suite of IT policies and procedures for the nationwide organization.
Design, Deploy, manage small to medium Juniper WAN/LAN infrastructures for PHFE Customers and clients. This would include Juniper routers, firewalls, switching, advanced threat prevention and monitoring. Used VMware for disaster recovery.
Design and deploy Citrix server SLA for access to publish applications and custom desktops.
Having a strong understanding and working knowledge of IP Networking, web technologies, network access control, network and server security including standard practices assisted me with the design and configuration of the HQ data center and colocation.
Facilitated migration of Deltek Costpoint ERP, CRM and HRIS to Oracle Fusion (Cloud) by building a project plan featuring design and deployment to a cloud-based architecture.

WESCO Aircraft - Valencia, California 3/1996 – 3/2004
Senior Network Administrator
Oversaw full spectrum of Information Technology department activities, including LAN/WAN infrastructure maintenance and technical support. Conducted business system analysis to identify needs regarding management information and functional operations. Defined project scope and priorities and liaised with key stakeholders to coordinate system capacity and equipment acquisitions.

Formulated effective recommendations and strategies for system development, operations, hardware and software purchases, budgeting, and staffing.
Led IT team dispersed across 27 branch offices in United States and Europe to ensure fulfillment of all business requirements.
Provided extensive mentoring/coaching in customer service, leadership, communication, and technical areas.

EDUCATION:
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science: UCLA & University of Phoenix – In Progress
Bachelor of Science in Aeronautical Engineering: Community College of the Air Force / Embry Riddle.
Aviation Maintenance Management: Community College of the Air Force, Lancaster Community College, University of Phoenix
McAfee End Point Protection and ePO
Citrix XenApp Server & Farm Migration, Published Application & Desktop.
Cisco CCNA
CISSP
Microsoft MCP, MCSE, Server, Exchange 2010 -2016, Security +, SharePoint, SQL, SCOM and Office 365

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT:
Project Management Professional (PMP)
Community College of the Air Force – Aeronautical Engineering Certification
MCSE NT 4.0, 2000, 2003, 2008, 2012, 2016
MCP+ Networking
Microsoft Security
Microsoft Exchange 2010 & 2013, 2016
Microsoft SQL Server, 2008, 2010, 2012
McAfee End Point Protection & ePO
Symantec End Point Protection
Kaspersky End Point Protection
Citrix XenApp and server farm design and deployment.
Dell Compellent SAN
EMC SAN Solutions
HP SANS Solutions
FAA- Airframe and Power Plant

Vocational Coursework:
Microsoft, Horizon, Antelope Valley College, Lancaster, California Federal Aviation Airframe & Power Plant License
Contact this candidate