TEKE MONONO
adxli9@r.postjobfree.com • 678-***-****
LinkedIn • Washington, DC

QUALIFICATIONS SUMMARY
Analytical Cybersecurity and Compliance specialist with 10+ years of proven success in executing risk assessments, governance, project management, and quality assurance analyses to establish organizations to meet audit requirements in alignment with compliance frameworks.
Cyber Security Risk Management
Ability to support the development and deployment of cyber/IT policies and procedures while leveraging risk management experience and standard methodologies to streamline cybersecurity operations.
Participate in information security, cyber security risk management, risk mitigation, compliance, and security activities in collaboration with cross-functional teams.
Security Compliance
Demonstrated success in fostering cross-functional partnerships with internal/external experts to plan and execute audits while reviewing project timelines.
Proven experience in providing security compliance expertise and monitoring activities while steering information security and regulatory compliance coupled with risk analysis, audit, and project tracking.
Security Advisory
Proficient in streamlining the delivery of high-quality products/services by designing advisory services while performing gap analyses to identify areas for improvement and security remediation.
Skilled at facilitating business development programs, including business continuity and disaster recovery programs, overseeing client engagements.
Key Strengths
Critical-thinker with strong attention to detail, remaining at the forefront of the rapidly changing landscape of technology, threats, and vulnerabilities.
Adept at designing and implementing security networks and protocols, inspecting and upgrading systems to avoid vulnerability points, coupled with security threat response.

AREA OF EXPERTISE
RMF/Compliance Frameworks Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard Compliance (PCI DSS) Version 4 MARS-E 2.0 FedRamp NIST FISM FIPS Security Tools Tenable Nessus QualysGuard Wireshark SonicWall IPS/IDS Virtualization & Cloud VMware ESXI Microsoft Hyper-V AWS Cloud Security Strategy Vulnerability Management Information Security Policy Application Security Risk Management Cryptography Security Network Architecture Patching & Remediation Management Technical Writing Advisory Services

EDUCATION

High School Diploma
Elsik High School

CERTIFICATIONS

Scrum Master Certified (SMC), International Scrum Institute, March 2019 – No Expiration Date

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Baxter Clewis Consulting 2022 – Present
PCI Internal Security Assessor
Support the system configuration standards creation to lower security vulnerabilities and system deployment time.
●Create a prioritized roadmap of controls for clients in collaboration with security consultants to excel at PCI DSS compliance for level One PCI DSS Service Providers.
●Orchestrate detailed security inspections of Linux and Windows Server configurations to realize PCI DSS requirements, facilitating quick identification of non-compliant systems and minimizing remediation time.
LTS 2021 – 2022
Security Analyst at COVID-19 Site
Aided the senior leadership in organizational, tactical, and strategic security initiatives by providing technical leadership, governance, guidance, and recommendations.
●Guaranteed corporate and regulatory compliance by conducting risk assessments for third-party vendors and evaluating contracts in cross-functional collaboration with multifaceted professionals.
●Participated in vulnerability scanning to locate security risks in networks, systems, and applications while enhancing security by facilitating an internal audit team.
IRIS Health Solutions 2020 – 2021
Security Control Assessor
Performed regular system assessments to determine deviation from standard configuration policies and analyzed information system design with a keen focus on information security aspects and accreditation according to the ARS 3.1 publication alongside the NIST Risk Management Framework.
●Examined potential vulnerabilities, identified mitigation approaches, and auditing systems by leveraging the latest information system inspection tools
●Conducted program documentation reviews, including Risk Assessments, System Security Plans, Contingency Plans, Privacy Impact Analyses (PTAs), and Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M) to boost productivity and output from 25% to 33%.
●Submitted deliverables with 95% accuracy for CMS ACT (Adaptive Capability Testing), including CAAT (CMS Audit and Tracking) File Spreadsheet to be uploaded into CFACTS (CMS FISMA Control Tracking System).
Toyota Motor Corporation 2018 – 2020
Collections Security Associate
Generated help desk tickets for security remediation and developed debt collection strategies with team members.
●Cut staffing costs by $25k+ by accessing PII from financial contracts for warranty cancellation and dealer debiting processes in compliance with PCI DSS requirements
●Spearheaded and ensured excellent warranty processing of repossessed, retailed, and leased vehicles in coherence with company policies and procedures
Ferguson Enterprises 2015 – 2018
Associate Project Supervisor
Administered equipment purchase, organization, issue, and storage worth millions of dollars to aid numerous customers daily, ensuring the realization of project objectives.
●Executed daily inspections to identify supply needs and assure facility safety and security while leveraging MS office to develop training materials and update government spreadsheets, reports, records, and compose official memorandums. Organized and led training sessions for 7-10 team members.
●Participated in and supported planned work projects and assignments for 30+ personnel supporting 3 shifts, training schedules, sales, and B2B teams to reduce employee expenditure of thousands of dollars.
Contact this candidate