Noah Oppong
CompTIA Security +, CISA, CISM, CRISC, PMP
Lanham, MD. 240-***-****
adxnuk@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Objective:
Results-Oriented and Highly Skilled Information Security Analyst and IT Infrastructural Project Manager professional with over Nineteen (19) years of experience in Leading and Executing Complex Projects within the Pharmacy and Retail Industry as well as Information Security, Auditing, and Risk Management using the NIST Risk Management Frameworks (RMF) Special Publications. Extensive Knowledge of FIPS 199, E-Authentication Workbook, PTA, PIA, CP, CPT, and Security Plan (SP). Strong Expertise in managing end-to-end Project Life Cycles, Implementing IT Infrastructure Solutions, and driving business process improvements. Committed to delivering high-quality results while ensuring optimal Projects delivery within time and budget constraints.
Summary of Skill Sets and Qualifications
Experience monitoring all operations and infrastructure, maintaining all security tools and technologies as well as monitoring internal and external policy compliance.
Solid experience utilizing mitigation, preparedness and response, and recovery approaches as needed to maximize information and responses to crisis or urgent situations within the pertinent domain to mitigate immediate and potential threats
Working knowledge of NIST frameworks and SOC and ISO audits/certifications.
Experience developing Information Security Standards, Guidelines, and procedures.
Experience in the Disaster Recovery field, IT Contingency Plan Development.
Project Management and IT Infrastructure Implementation
Stakeholders Engagement, Budgeting, and Cost Control
Knowledge of SIEM – Security Information and, Event Management Tools Query Generation
Vendor Management, Efficient Resource Allocation, Quality Assurance, and Effective Communication Collaboration
Experience with Information Technology and DR Testing Experience
Experience with NIST Special Publication Controls Standards – NIST SP 800-53, NIST SP 800-66, NIST SP 800-171, NIST SP 800-37, NIST SP 800-30, NIST SP 800-63.
Knowledge and Experience in ISO Standards - ISO 27001:2013, ISO 31000:2018, ISO / IEC 27002:2013, ISO 9001:2015, ISO 14001:2015, ISO 45001:2018, ISO 26000:2010, ISO 3100:2018, ISO 2000:1-2018, ISO 9000:2015
Certifications
CompTIA Cybersecurity +
Certified Information Security Officer - CISA
Certified Information Security Manager - CISM
Certified In Risk and Information Systems Control – CRISC
Project Management Professional – PMP
Technical Skills

NIST Special Publications
FISMA
PCI
ISO 27001/27002
ISO 22301 Business Continuity Standards
SOC
Information Security Controls
IT Governance
Risk and Compliance
It Audits Controls
IT Risk Assessment
System Assessment
System Assurance
Regulatory Compliance
Process Optimization
Leadership Development
Coaching
Risks and control monitoring
Risks Reporting and mitigation
Problem-Solving
Quality Improvement
Risk and Control Monitoring
Risk Reporting
Risk Response
Mitigation
IT Risk Identification
HITRUST
HIPAA
FEDRAMP Information Security Standards
GRC Toolsets
Government Risk Compliance
Audit Service
Education
University of Ghana – Bachelor of Science, Business Administration
Relevant Professional Experience
KSE GROUP LLC
Washington, DC 4/2020 to Present
Information Security Analyst / IT Infrastructural Project Manager
. Develops a project plan that outlines the Scope, Timeline, Resources, and Budgetary requirements of the Project and oversees the Execution of the plan to ensure that the Project is completed on time, within budget, and to the desired quality. Establishes Channels with Stakeholders, Project Sponsors, Vendors, team members, and End Users and keeps the Stakeholders informed of Projects’ Progress, Risks, Issues, and Solicits feedback to ensure that Project meets their expectations. Supports Configuration. Patch, Vulnerability Management activities, and review Scan results for the system Assets, Identifies the respective Remediation for Misconfiguration and Weakness, and work with the System Team to ensure timely implementation of Fix.
. Supports all Risk Management Framework (RMF) activities as outlined in the NIST SP 800-37, Risk Management Framework for Information Systems and Organizations. This includes the process of Managing Security and Privacy Risks that include Information Security Categorization, Control, Selection, Implementation, and Assessment, System, and Common Control Authorizations, and continuous Monitoring. Supports all Security Control Assessment Activities by responding to interview questions as well as working with the System Teams to gather appropriate evidence as directed by the Software Composition Analysis (SCA)Team.
. Identifies, Assesses, and Mitigates Risks and issues that could impact the Project’s success and establish Contingency Plans to minimize the impact of unforeseen events. Manages Project Resources, including Personnel, Equipment, and Materials, to ensure that they are utilized effectively and efficiently. Ensures that the Project meets the desired Quality Standards by establishing Quality Metrics, monitoring progress, and conducting regular Quality Reviews. Provides effective Leadership and Motivation to the Project Team, ensuring that they are aligned with Project Goals and Objectives and that Personnel has the necessary resources and support to perform the task effectively. Establish client relationships, integrate requirement definition, plan projects, and direct resources ensuring Corporate and Information Security Projects Portfolio objectives are met. Demonstrates experience conducting Interviews and Negotiation Skills applicable to, identifying, Defining, and Evaluating requirements and deep knowledge and understanding of Security Regulations, such as NIST SP Publications and OMB Security related documents.
. Manages the Project Plans and Schedules, ensuring successful completion within Scope, Budget, Time, and Quality Parameters. Coordinate day-to-day activities for assigned Project Definition, Organization, Scheduling, Budget, and Staffing. Develop, Prepare, and Present Project documentation, including Project Charter, Project Plans, Status, and other reporting documents in accordance with company Standards. Develops briefings and Presentations for Government Project Managers, Stakeholders, and Executive Management and supports all Security Authorization Processes, Security Control Assessments, and any ongoing Authorization activities as required, and as directed by the Federal Government. Supports multiple high-volume Project Assignments and works in Agile Development Teams based on the Industrial best practice and Federal Requirements.
Supports a vast array of Cyber Security Platforms, such as Standard Application Online (SAO), Security Information and Event, and Intrusion Detection System (IDS), Intrusion Protection System (IPS), Data Loss Prevention (DLP), Web Application Firewalls (WAF) Management (SIEM), Threat Intel, Endpoint Security. Assists with Information Assurance (IA) personnel in conducting risk analysis and security tests and evaluations. Develops security policies and prevention procedures that outline the best practices and guidelines to ensure the security of organizational data and systems. Assist with the development of Risk Analysis, Accreditation, and Security Certification Packages to include disaster recovery plans in accordance with the Company’s requirements. Conducts Security Audits by assessing the Company’s Security Posture by conducting regular Security Audits to identify Vulnerabilities and areas that require improvement.

Integrates Projects Plans, from multiple sources to create a cohesive plan with Identifiable Critical Paths, Task Dependencies, and Major Milestones. Evaluate the Client’s Technical and Business requirements and develop approaches and solution options with the Project Team and Stakeholders. Manages multiple Small to Medium – Sized Technical and business-0riented Projects for Information Security of the KSE Group LLC. Works with other security groups, Users, and other support personnel to ensure Security Regulations are followed and ensures KSE Groups LLC Security measures are met. Provides Technical Guidance for directing and monitoring Information Systems Operations, and directs compilation of records and reports concerning Network Operations and Maintenance.

Communicates with Clients, Management, and the Operating groups regarding Project Progress, Status, Risk, and issues Partner with Project Sponsors and Project Teams to lead requirements definition. Develops business requirements into Project Charter and Scope Document and Manage Projects throughout the entire Project Life Cycle ensuring Systems meet Design. Participates with user support personnel to train personnel and the functional use of Automated Information Systems, Computers, Local and wide area Networks, and other Automated Systems management tools.

Supports the Implementation and evaluation of security programs in assigned organizations, including the implementation of security programs designed to anticipate, assess and minimize systems vulnerabilities. Implements Security measures, such as Firewalls, Intrusion detection systems, and encryption protocols to safeguard an organization’s systems and data. Helps in coordinating the implementation of security programs across platforms and establishes vulnerability reporting criteria. Participates in kick-off meetings to collect System Information (Information type, boundary, inventory, etc.) and Categorized Systems based on NIST SP 800-60. Conducted Security Control Assessments to assess the adequacy of Management, Operational Privacy, and Technical Security Controls implemented. Security Assessment Reports (SAR) were developed detailing the results of the Assessment along with a Plan of Action and Milestone (POA&M)

Assists users requiring access to protect resources and assisted with User Accounts, Password Resets, and report writing. Developed Information Security Standards, Guidelines, and procedures. Conducts detailed Security and Third-Party Risk Assessments to ensure Projects and initiatives align with Compliance Policies, Standards, and Procedures as such HIPAA, HITRUST, HITE CH, and other Government and Medical Agencies Regulations. Assists End Users with applications and systems managed by the Customer and receives support enabling them to perform assigned duties. Collaborate with key stakeholders to identify, manage, accept, and track Risk as well as develop HIPAA and HITRUST-related training and awareness. Develop and implement Security Policies, Standards and in line with HIPAA and HITRUST, and ensure enterprise-wide Risk Mitigation. Implemented concepts of least privilege and need to know.

Responsible for designing and implementing solutions for protecting the Confidentiality, Integrity, and Availability of Sensitive Information. Prepare and provide evidence and Artifacts to support Security Controls Assessment efforts and assist with the Investigation, Documentation, and response to all suspected Information Security events. Assist in the development of Privacy Threshold Analysis (PTA), and Privacy Impact Analysis (PIA) and assist various business units in implementing and maintaining information resources security. Provides support in the Identification, Documentation, and Development of Computer and Network as well as Security Counter Measures.

Preforms Network Security Monitoring and Incident Response for the organization. Coordinates with the team and other agencies to record and reports incidents and maintains records of Security Monitoring and Incident response activities utilizing case management and ticketing technologies. Supports efforts to Consolidate and conduct a comprehensive analysis of the threat of data obtained from classified, propriety, and open–source resources to provide indications and warnings of impending attacks against unclassified and classified Networks.

Performs all aspects of Intrusion detection, Log and Audit Management, Network and Database Vulnerability Assessment, Compliance Management, and Security Configuration. Analyzes Collected Information to identify Vulnerability and potential for exploitation. Uses mitigation, preparedness, and response and recovery approaches as needed to maximize Information and responses to crisis or urgent situations within the pertinent domain to mitigate immediate and potential threats. Recommended Corrective Actions based on Major Incident events, and ensured Management received pertinent information regarding problems and Root cause Analysis and Flexibility.

Created and Updated the following Security Assessment and Authorization (SA&A) Artifacts, FIPS 199, Security Test and Evaluation (ST&E), Risk Assessment (RA), and Threshold Analysis. Impact Analysis (PIA), E-Authentication, Contingency Plan, Plan of Action, and Milestones (POA&M). Prepare Security Assessment and Authorization packages to ascertain that Management, Operational, and Technical Security Controls adhere to the NIST SP 800-53 Standards. Identified Network and Operating Systems Vulnerabilities and potential for exploitation, Prepared Written reports, provided Verbal Information Security Briefings, and supported the deployment and integration of Security Tools as needed

Managed – Accounts, Security devices, and Patches responsible for Access Control/Password Account creation and administration, created and monitored multiple Cybersecurity Tools Dashboard. Threat Hunting and Vulnerability Assessment. Assisted users requiring Access to protect resources and Assisted with End User Accounts, Password, Rests, and report writing. Developed Information Security Standards, Guidelines, and Procedures. Helped in the Security Mainframe to protect data and reputation against Cyber Threats both inside the Data Center and throughout the Hybrid – Experience, and Knowledge in Mainframe.

Dupont Circle Pharmacy
Washington, DC 4/ 2015 – 3/2020
Information Security Analyst and IT Infrastructural Project Manager

Defined Project Objectives, Scope, Deliverables, and Timelines in Collaboration with Stakeholders, ensuring alignment with the Dupont Circle Pharmacy Strategic Goals. Resource Management, identified and allocated resources both Human and Technical, required for the successful Execution of the Project. This included the efficient management of the Teams, Budgeting, and Procurement of necessary. equipment or service. Also, engaged with various Stakeholders, such as the Dupont Circle Pharmacy Staff, IT Teams, Vendors, and Senior Management, to maintain effective Communication, manage expectations, and address any concerns or issues that may arise.

Project Execution and Monitoring, Oversaw the Project implementation, and ensured adherence to Project Plans, monitoring progress, and making adjustments as necessary to ensure timely completion. Quality Assurance, established and enforced Quality Standards for Project Deliverables, conducted regular Reviews and Quality Checks to ensure Compliance. Reporting and Documentation provided regular status updates to Stakeholders, prepared project documentation such as Charters, Schedules, and Reports, and ensured that Project records are accurately maintained.

Risk Management, identified potential Risks and developed Mitigation Strategies to minimize Project Setbacks and ensured timely completion. Performed Network Security Monitoring and Incident Response for the Organization – Dupont Circle Pharmacy. Coordinated with Team and other Agencies to record and report and maintains records of Security Monitoring and Incident Response activities utilizing Case Management and Ticketing technologies. Supported efforts to consolidate and conducted a comprehensive analysis of the Threat of Data obtained from classified. Propriety, and Open- Source Resources to provide indicators and warnings of implementing attacks against Unclassified and Classified Networks.

Responsible for Designing and Implementing Solutions for Protecting Confidentiality, Integrity, and Availability of Sensitive Information. Developed Security Policies and Procedures that outline the best Practice and Guidelines to ensure the Security of the organization – Dupont Circle Pharmacy Data and Infrastructure. Worked with other Security Agencies and Groups, Users, and other support personnel to ensure Security Regulations are followed and also that the Security Measures of the Dupont Circle Pharmacy were met. Participated with Users Support personnel to train the personnel on the functional use of Automated Information Systems, Computer, Local and Wide Area Networks, and other Automated Systems Management Tools.

Collaborated closely with Stakeholders including Senior Management, Department Heads, and external Vendors to gather Projects requirement, Defined Projects Scope, and establish Projects Plan and Milestones. Provided effective leadership and Motivation to the Project Team, ensured that they aligned with the Projects objectives and personnel has the necessary resources and support to perform the task effectively established Client relationships, Integrates Requirement Definition, Plan Projects, and directed resources to ensure Corporate and Information Security Projects Portfolio Objectives are met.

Communicated with Clients, Management, and Operating group regarding Project Progress Status, Risk, and Issues partnered with Project Sponsors and Project Team on the requirements definition. Developed business requirements into a Project Charter, and Scope Document and manages Projects throughout the entire Project Life Cycle, and ensured Systems met Design. Assisted with the development of Risk Analysis, Accreditation, and Certification Packages to include Disaster Recovery Plans in accordance with the Dupont Circle Pharmacy requirements. Conducted Security Audits by Assessing the Security Posture by conducting regular Security Audits to identify Vulnerabilities and areas that require improvement.

Performed Network Security Monitoring and Incident Response for the organization– Dupont Circle Pharmacy. Coordinated with the team and other Agencies to record report and maintains records of Security Monitoring and Incident Response activities utilizing Case Management and Ticketing Technologies. Supported efforts to consolidate and conduct a Comprehensive Analysis of the Threat of Data obtained from Classified, Propriety .and Open–Source Resources to provide indications and warning of impending attacks against Unclassified and Classified Networks.

Performed all aspects of Intrusion Detection, Log and Audit Management, Network and Database Vulnerability Assessment, Compliance Management, and Security Configuration. Analyzed collected Information to identify Vulnerability and Potential for exploitation and used Mitigation, Preparedness, response, and recovery approaches as needed to maximize Information and response to a crisis or urgent situations within the pertinent domain to Mitigate immediate and potential threats. Assisted with Information Assurance (IA)personnel in conducting Risk Analysis and Security Tests and Evaluation.

Assisted Users’ requiring Access to protect Resources and assisted with Users’ Accounts, Password Reset, and Report Writing. Developed Information Security Standards, Guidelines, and Procedures, conducted detailed Security, and Third-Party Risk Assessments to ensure Projects and Initiatives aligned with Compliance Policies, Standards, and Procedures such as HIPAA (Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act), HITRUST (Health Information Trust Alliance) and also HITECH Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health) ACT of 2009 and other Government and Medical Agencies Regulations. Conducted Risk Assessment, Identified Potential Risks, and developed Risk Mitigation Strategies to minimize Project disruptions and ensured smooth Project Execution.

Integrated Project Plans from multiple sources to create a cohesive plan with identifiable critical Paths, Task Dependencies, and major milestones. Evaluated the Client’s Technical and business requirements and developed approaches and solutions options with project teams and Stakeholders and managed multiple Small to medium-sized technical and business-oriented Projects for the Information Security Organization. Monitored Project Progress, Tracked Key Performance Indicators (KPI), and prepared regular Status Reports for Management, Highlighting Project Milestone, Risk, and Deviation from the Project Plan

Provided technical guidance for directing and monitoring Information Systems Operations. Direct compilation of records and reports concerned with learning network operations and maintenance. Conducts Security Risk Assessment, Evaluate Security Services and Technologies, and reviews documents Information Security policies, and procedures as well as providing monitoring and oversight for alerts in the cloud environment. Responds to disruptions with the pertinent domain to mitigate immediate and potential threats. Uses mitigation, preparedness and response, and recovery approaches to maximize the survival of life. Preservation of property and information Security, Investigated and analyzes relevant response activities, and evaluated the effectiveness of and improvements to existing practices.

Identifies potential Business Risks, operational and regulatory process deficiencies, and improvement opportunities. Recommends Corrective Actions to the problem process for postmortem discussion and correct SOP/Documentation as requested. Acts as Scribe during regular problem review meetings and prepares written reports and reviews. Enterprise-Wide Risk Mitigation implemented concepts of The Principle of Least Privileges (POLP) employee Data Monitoring, Access Usage, and responding to Data Breaches of Incidents.

CVS / PHARMACY CAREMARK
WASHINGTON, DC 02/2009 - 03/2015
ASSISTANT STORE MANAGER AND IT INFRASTRUCTURAL / INVENTORY SECURITY MANAGER

Responsible for the total, efficient, and profitable operations of the CVS/Pharmacy Caremark and Beauty Aid Store. Led others effectively with the Store Crew, Supervisors, Assigned and directed the activities of the entire Store both the Pharmacy and the Front Store. Responsible for overseeing the overall Security of the Inventory and IT Infrastructural Facilities and managing Users’ Access, Permissions, and Roles within the System ensuring that appropriate Access Controlled was in Place. Assisted in analyzing the Inventory Control System Security requirements and implementing necessary Security measures, conducted Risk Assessment, Identified Vulnerabilities, and recommend appropriate security controls.

Responsible for Data Privacy to ensure Compliance with Privacy Data Regulations and Policies related to Inventory Control Systems. Also, responsible for protecting Sensitive Customer Data at the Pharmacy such as the HIPAA (Health Insurance Portability and Accountability ACT), HTRUST (Health Insurance Trust Alliance), and HITECH (Health Information for Economic and Clinical Health) ACT of 2009 are in compliance. Collaborated with Stakeholders to identify, Manage, Accept, and Tracked Risk as well as developed HIPAA and HITRUST-related awareness. Also, developed and implemented Security Policies, Standards and in line with HIPAA and HITRUST, and ensured Enterprise-Wide Risk Mitigation. Implemented Concepts of Least Privilege and Need to Know. Employee Data Monitoring, Access Usage, and Responding to Data Breaches or Incidents.

Responsible for the total Security and Technical Infrastructure Supporting the Inventory Control System and the Main Entrance and Exit Doors. Implemented and monitored Firewalls. Intrusion Detection Systems, and Other Security measures to protect again Unauthorized Access and attacks. Responsible for the adherence to Regulatory requirements and Internal Policies related to Inventory System and Profit and Loss by conducting audits, and addressing any Compliance issues that arose. Led the Incident Response Team for Detecting, responding to, and Mitigating Security Breaches, coordinated with relevant Stakeholders, and implement measures to prevent Future Incidents.

Administered and monitored Loss Prevention Programs, Employee’s Bags Check, and Lockers Secured, and reacted to Internal and External (Shoplifting) Theft. Also, controlled Safe Combinations and Executed locking, Identified and reacted to shoplifters, and apprehend to secure the CVS/Pharmacy Caremark Assets, Inventory, and Resources whiles processing them accordingly. Controlled the use of Cash Registers keys, Securing, Activating, and Deactivating the Alarm System, and Maintained and reacted to the Electronic Alarm Surveillance Program.

Executed and Documented Cas, Checks Pull, Deposits, Return Checks, Payments, Cashiers, and Traveler’s Checks and Payroll Administration. Prepared daily activities and reacted to Weekly Work Schedules based on Store’s Budgetary Hours and prepared weekly Payroll and ensures Compliance with all CVS/Pharmacy Caremark Policies and Procedures as well as Federal and State Laws. Maintained positive working relationships with Direct Reports, Peer Supervisors, Supplies, and Customers effectively handling Complex and Difficult situations involving others.

Participated in kick-off meetings to collect systems information (Information type, boundary, inventory, etc.) and categorized, and worked effectively and managed Systems based on NIST SP 800 -60. Conducted Security Control Assessments to assess the adequacy of management, Operational Privacy, and Technical Security Controls implemented. Security Assessment Report (SAR) was developed detailing the results of the assessment along with a Plan of Action and Milestone (POA&M). Developed System Security Plan (SSP)to provide an overview of the Federal Information System Security requirements and described the Controls in place to meet those requirements.

Developed System Security Plans to provide an overview of Information System Security requirements and described the controls in place or meet those requirements. Created and updated the following Security Assessment and Authorization (SA&A) Artifacts, FIBS 199, Security Test and Evaluation (ST&Es), Risk Assessments (RAS), Threshold Analysis (PTA), Privacy Impact Analysis (PIA), E-Authentication, Contingency Plan, and Plan of Action and Milestone (POA&M). Prepared Security Assessment and Authorization9 SA&A) packages to ascertain that management, operational, and technical security controls adhere to the NIST SP 800-53 Standards.

Provide technical guidance for directing and monitoring information systems operations. Direct compilation of records and reports concerning network operations and maintenance. Recommended corrective action to the problem process for the postmortem discussion and correct SOP/Documentation as requested. Acted as Scribe during regular problem review meetings. Recommended Corrective Actions based on Major Incident events and ensure problem management resources receive all pertinent information regarding problems or Root Cause Analyst events as well as flexibility.

Provided support in the identification, documentation, and development of computer and Network Security Counter Measures. Identified Network and Operating Systems Vulnerabilities and potential for exploitation. Prepared Written reports and provided Verbal Information Security Briefings and supported the deployment and integration of Security tools as needed. Also, Supported Team lead in developing recommendations for changes to Standard operating procedures and other similar documentation. Managed – Accounts, Security devices, and patches responsible for access control/password /account creation and administration, created and monitored multiple Cybersecurity Tools Dashboards. Threat Hunting and Vulnerability Assessment.

Knowledge of SIEM – Security Information and Event Management Tools Query Generation. Assisted users requiring access to protect resources and assisted with End User Accounts, Password, Rests, and report writing. Developed Information Security Standards, Guidelines, and Procedures. Helped in the Security Mainframe to protect data and reputation against Cyber Threats both inside the Data Center and throughout the Hybrid – Experience, and knowledge in Mainframe. Preservation of property and Information, Investigated and Analyzed relevant response activities, and evaluated the effectiveness of improvements of existing practices. Identified potential Business Risks, Operational and Regulatory process deficiencies, and improvement opportunities. Recommended Corrective Actions to the process for postmortem discussion and correct documentation as requested and acted as Scribe during regular problem review meetings.

ALDI FOOD MARKET
MARYLAND 01/2004 - 01/2009
ASSISTANT STORE MANAGER /INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY MANAGE

Supported the ALDI Store Manager in achieving the Company’s Principles of Leadership and Organization, the ALDI Management System, and Communicated Models of ALDI Food Market Customer Service. Assured Compliance with Company’s Customer Service Guidelines and appropriate resolution for customer concerns-Operating Products and Managed Information Security Policies and Procedures. Implemented
And Managed Information Security Policies and Procedures to protect ALDI’S Data and Systems from Unauthorized Access, Disclosure. Alteration, or Destruction. Conducted regular Security Assessments, Risks Analysis. and Vulnerability Assessments to identify potential Security Threats and Weaknesses. Also, monitored Network and Systems for Security Breaches or Suspicious activities and responded promptly to Incidents.
Contact this candidate