Nosa Edema
INFORMATION SECURITY ANALYST

832-***-****
adxu9y@r.postjobfree.com
Houston, TX

A hardworking cybersecurity professional with 7+ experience seeking a Cyber Security Analyst position to utilize my expertise in computer networking, risk management, security protocols and analysis to protect organizations from cyber threats. Having the ability to operate well in both individual and team capacities. Resourceful, and results-driven with a passion for growth and efficiency to meet company needs and increase service value.
EXPERIENCE

INFORMATION SECURITY ANALYST
Mega Tree Construction
Houston, TX
June 2020 - August 2022
Monitoring network and system activity to detect and respond to potential security breaches or incidents.
Conducted training on technology safety, assisting company staff with good privacy practices.
Informed company of potential issues with reports on strength of technological security.
Documented computer security and emergency measures policies, procedures, and tests.
Configured antivirus software on all computers within the organization's networks to protect against malicious programs.
Developed and implemented information security policies and procedures to ensure data confidentiality and integrity.
Conducted security audits and compliance reviews to ensure that an organization's security policies and procedures are being followed, and to identify areas for improvement.
Implement security controls to protect an organization's data and information assets, such as firewalls, intrusion detection systems, and access controls.
Providing security training and awareness to employees to help them understand security risks and how to protect sensitive information.
Conducted security risk assessments to identify potential security risks and vulnerabilities within an organization's systems, networks, and applications.

NETWORK OPERATIONS ENGINEER
Essence Software Solutions Pvt. Ltd
Edinburgh, SCOTLAND, UK
September 2013 - May 2018
Perform daily system monitoring, verifying the integrity and availability of all hardware, server resources, systems, and key processes, reviewing system and application logs, and verifying completion of scheduled jobs.
Network Support (LAN/WAN)
Installation and support of Microsoft Office suite and other application packages.
Installation and support Windows 7, Server 2003, 2008, and 2012 R2.
Demonstrate an advanced understanding of directory services (AD and LDAP)
Maintains the Group Policy infrastructure based on the policies and guidelines provided.
Assist with implementing solutions for hardware and software. Implement common preventive maintenance practices for hardware and software.
Installation and configuration of workstations/laptops for TCP/IP while providing IT support to all end-users to ensure efficient system usage.
Maintain the integrity of the network, server deployment, and security.
Installation, and administration of DHCP Server.
Assign configuration of authentication and authorization of directory services.
Mail Server Administration and support, along with Server Management, Desktop, and user support

TECHNICAL SUPPORT SPECIALIST
IT Professional Training Center
Edinburgh, SCOTLAND, UK
September 2010 - August 2013
Utilized department and company ticketing systems to manage and resolve client needs.
Troubleshot issues on device-specific problems, network performance, and internet connectivity.
Provided remote client support by troubleshooting hardware, network, software, and customer service-related requests and inquiries.
Managed and maintained network security systems.
Detected and solved technical issues with variety of diagnostic tools.
Collaborated closely with my supervisors to resolve customer issues.
Updated software versions with patches and new installations to close security loopholes and protect users.
Escalating unresolved issues in a timely manner
Computer hardware diagnostic, troubleshooting, configuration, and refresh
Installation and support Windows 7, Server 2003, 2008, and 2012 R2.
Installation and configuration of workstations/laptops for TCP/IP while providing IT support to all end-users to ensure efficient system usage.
EDUCATION

ASSOCIATE IN APPLIED SCIENCE, (A.A.S.) IN COMPUTER NETWORKING
Edinburgh College (Sighthill Campus), Edinburgh, SCOTLAND, UK
Nov 2017

BACHELOR OF SCIENCE (B.S.) IN CYBER SECURITY
Maryville University, St. Louis, MO
GPA 3.2
Dec 2023
SKILLS

Risk Mitigation
Confidential Data Protection
Tenable Nessus
Linux Server
Symantec Endpoint Protection
Local Area Network (LAN)
Virtual Local Area Networks
Information Auditing
Continuity Monitoring
Wide Area Network (WAN)
Data Encryption
Risk Management Evaluations
Critical Thinking Skills
Compliance with Security Requirements
Wireshark Software
Protecting Networks
Documentation
Problem-solving
Windows / Linux / VMs
On-Premises End User Support
Understanding of TCP/IP
Understanding the OSI Model
Desktop Support
DHCP/DNS
Kali Linux
Data Loss Prevention Skills
Knowledge of cybersecurity frameworks, such as NIST, ISO, SOX, HIPAA, PCI/DSS, and CIS
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills
Windows and Linux Server administration

An understanding of common security controls (Firewall, IDS/IPS, Antivirus, etc.)
Familiar with Cryptographic Encryption/Decryption Devices
Understanding of common network ports and protocols
Understanding of companies’ service level agreements (SLAs)
Vulnerability Management
Proficient in MS Outlook, Word, and Excel
Understanding of different routing protocols like OSPF, EIGRP, BGP, RIP, and IS-IS
CERTIFICATIONS

Security+
Network+
Qualys Guide (EDR)
CCNA R/S

LANGUAGES

English
Fluent

PRONOUNS

He/Him
Contact this candidate