Nana Adjei
+1-508-***-**** adxw9t@r.postjobfree.com Worcester, MA, 01607

SUMMARY
* ***** *********** ** ******* armed with a prolific record of performing internal audits and compliance management and maintaining regular operations, minimizing risks pertaining to IT and technology related products, analyzing information security systems, programs, and software, designing new systems, testing existing systems, maintaining optimal protection for file security, assessing risk and devising solutions to mitigating them.

KEY SKILLS
• Internal Audit • Risk Assessment • IT Security • ITGC Audit • Security Testing • Data Manipulation • Compliance Management • Data Collation & Analysis • SDLC Testing • Compliance Verification
• Report Generation • Process Improvement

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Frameworks: COBIT, ITGC, SOX, HIPAA, PCI DSS, HiTRUST, FISCAM, COSO
Programming Languages: C++, Java
Databases: Oracle, SQL
Operating Systems: LINUX, UNIX, Windows
Miscellaneous: Microsoft Office Suite

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

IT Auditor, IT Assurance and Risk Advisory Aug 2019 to present
Boston Scientific Corp (consultant)
Assist the Lead Auditor in planning and managing audit mandates, including documentation of work performed.
Develop working papers evidencing performance of all audit work.
Developed audit plans and programs, following COBIT and FISCAM frameworks, set up control matrix with over 40 controls, based on specific client application needs during planning of Audit
Assisted external auditors and regulators to minimize disruption to operations and to achieve meaningful results.
Support development of security risk- methodology and matrix using the industry best standards
(NIST SP 800-30, COBIT, ISO 27001)
Communicate with operating and financial management, establish, and maintain strong working relationships with all levels of management.
Created and performed additional audit functions to support Cybersecurity testing
(PCI, NIST 800-53, ISO 27001)
Delivered Testing results and deliverable within the budgeted audit timeline

Internal Audit Analyst Jan 2018 – Jul 2019
Optum (contract)
Assist in planning, Conduct, and reported on follow-up testing of open audit issues to ensure remediation in accordance with Sarbanes Oxley (SOX) ensured control effectiveness and assessed overall process stability.
Assist in the preparation of draft reports that summarize the work of internal audit for presentation.

Participated in day-to-day execution of audit engagements, such as operational audit and compliance audit.
Protected integrity of applications and system through reviews for appropriate security management and data integrity on audits including privileged access, and application computer controls.
Research and identity control issues and provided value-added recommendations to management with solutions for strengthening internal controls
Assist in conducting audit interviews, planning meetings, interim observation meetings, as well as formal meetings, which include mid to senior management
Continuously monitored prior audit results to access managements remediation efforts and implementation of recommendations.
Assisted external auditors and regulators to minimize disruption to operations and to achieve meaningful results.

IT Security Analyst May 2017 – Dec 2017
Roche Molecular System Inc. (contractor)
Assist in planning and performing IT security audits to ensure compliance with international standards such as NIST, SOX (SOX 404, 802, COSO, COBIT), ISO risk management and security standards
Supporting technical lead responsible for intrusion detection monitoring, scanning Cyber threat reporting, and vulnerability migration strategies.
Provided Quality Assessment reviews for other team auditors prior to submission to department Information system officers
Created and performed additional audit functions to support Cybersecurity testing
(PCI, NIST 800-53, ISO 27001)
Support IT effort complying with SOX/SOC1/PCI compliance by gathering and interpreting evidence for outside auditor, resolving, and verifying gaps.
Support the team in providing technical support for application reviews of the Banks automated systems.
Acted as audit liaison to Information Security and Change Management areas and system development life cycle projects.

IT Support Analyst March 2017 - July 2017
TD Bank (contractor)
Assist in ensuring compliance with procedures, controls, and regulations in conducting self-audits.
Created and performed additional audit functions to support Cybersecurity testing
(PCI, NIST 800-53, ISO 27001)
Assist the lead auditor in planning and managing audit mandates, including documentation of work performed
Perform IT audits (both SOX and Operational) using the COBIT model to ensure the security, reliability, availability and integrity of the IT infrastructure and application systems.

EDUCATION
Biomedical Basic Engineering Aug 2016
Quinsigamond College Worcester, MA

B.S. in Computer Science May 2003
Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology Kumasi, Ghana
One of the finest public research universities in West Africa serving over 30k students with over 500 lectures
Contact this candidate