EMMANUEL GARBAN
Eagleville, PA • 215-***-**** • adymmz@r.postjobfree.com

EXPERIENCED GLOBAL OPERATIONS SPECIALIST
IT Operations Specialist • Security Analyst • Network Specialist • System Engineer
Vulnerability Management • Threat Hunting • Incident Response • Risk Mitigation

WORK EXPERIENCE
RHI Magnesita, York, PA July 2022 - present
Global Information Security Analyst
●Reduced risk by monitoring computer networks for security issues.
●Investigated security breaches and other cybersecurity incidents.
●Established firewalls and encryption programs to protect systems and information infrastructure.
●Documented security breaches and assessed damage.
●Partnered with the security team to perform tests and uncover network vulnerabilities.
●Maintained high-security standards by fixing detected vulnerabilities.
●Implemented company-wide best practices for IT security.
●Installed security software, leveraging a strong understanding of security management.
●Researched security enhancements and made recommendations to management.
●Followed current trends in IT and security standards.

SoftAfrique LLC, NJ June 2019 - June 2022
Information Security Analyst
●Performed vulnerability scanning on hosts and servers.
●Coordinated identity access management globally for the organization.
●Presented metrics to senior management regarding the current state of the SOC through people, technology, and processes.
●Informed users at agreed intervals of the status of all incidents.
●Executed first-line investigation and diagnosis of all incidents and service requests.
●Verified resolution with users and resolved incidents using ITSM tools such as ServiceNow.
●Demonstrated security knowledge by keeping current on threats, trends tools, etc.
●Escalated major incidents to the problem manager.

EDUCATION
Holy Family University, Philadelphia, PA 2020
Bachelor of Arts, Computer Information Management Systems

Community College of Philadelphia, Philadelphia, PA 2010
Associate of Science, Respiratory Therapy

TECHNOLOGIES, CERTIFICATIONS, & LICENSES
Technologies: CrowdStrike, Black Kite, Cyberint, Kudelski Security, Nessus, Splunk, Barracuda
Certifications: CompTIA Security Plus Certified (Security +), Qualys Certified, Microsoft Azure, BLS & ACLS, American Heart Association
Licenses: Registered Respiratory Therapist (PA)
Contact this candidate