Dannie Pickard
678-***-**** adyoo4@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

Dedicated security analyst with 8 years of experience in monitoring and analyzing security events and alerts. Skilled in identifying potential threats and vulnerabilities through various security controls, including host intrusion prevention systems, endpoint security, application, and system logs. Committed to ensuring network security and proficient in implementing effective strategies to mitigate risks. Strong attention to detail and excellent problem-solving abilities.

I am motivated by knowing my work makes a real difference in securing companies against malicious attacks. As a security analyst, I have the privilege of leveraging my security knowledge and passion to make the digital world a little bit safer one day at a time. Cybersecurity is ever changing, so I am committed to lifelong learning to stay ahead of emerging threats. I cannot imagine a more rewarding career than being on the frontlines safeguarding individuals and organizations from harm.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Security Best Practices, Policies Incident Response Security Breach Mitigation
Endpoint Protection/Logging Fraud Analysis SIEM
Firewall Management Network Monitoring NIST CSF
Ticket Queue Management CIS Benchmarks Network Security Tools & Practices

CERTIFICATIONS TOOLS PROFESSIONAL TRAINING

CompTIA Security+
Sumo Logic Cloud Security Monitoring & Analytics
Microsoft MTA: Security Fundamentals
Palo Alto ACEv7 Accredited Configuration Engineer

SIEM ArcSight • Splunk • Sumo Logic
Firewalls Checkpoint/VSX •Palo Alto • Intel XML • Crossbeam • AlgoSec • Cisco Meraki
Monitoring SolarWinds • CA Spectrum
Fraud Analysis Perspective • Iovation • LexisNexis • Emailage • Biocatch
EDR Cylance • SentinelOne • Bitdefender
Microsoft Office 365 • Cloud App Security • Email Security
Google Workspace
Vulnerability Scanner Tenable
DLP Code42

AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner (CLF-C01) A CLOUD GURU
AWS Certified Security – Specialty (2020) A CLOUD GURU
Sumo Logic Fundamentals Administration
Cybrary Ethical Hacking Linux Wireshark CISSP est. 02/24

NEWS FEED OUTLETS

Naked Security
Security Affairs
Zero Day
Security Week
Sophos
AlienVault OTX
ZDNET

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Stellar Health, Atlanta - Remote
Security Analyst (2022 – 2023)
Direct report to CISO, mapped out security team 2023 goals to mature security program.
Implemented controls against various CS Frameworks such as HIPAA, HITRUST, ISO-27001 NIST
Created company-wide incident response policy and plan, outlining varies types of incidents (Privacy, Compliance, Security, Physical) to effectively handle security breaches and minimize the impact of security incidents.
Introduced company’s new incident response management program to C-Level stakeholders.
Collaborated bi-weekly with cross-functional IT team to implement security enhancements and ensure compliance with industry standards and best practices starting with CIS benchmarks.
Monitored and analyzing security events and alerts to identify potential threats or vulnerabilities from various security controls including, host intrusion prevention systems, endpoint security, application, and system logs, to identify threats to network security.
Assisted in IT security operations, including user access management, security incident investigations, and security awareness training.
Made quarterly onsite visits to corporate office for collaboration sessions, training seminars, and planned workshops.
Collaborates and coordinate with multiple teams and vendors to implement security measure.
Conduct departmental meeting covering topics from each sub team’s roadmap to ensure we are aligned with company’s OKRs
Researched EDR & DLP solutions to replace antivirus software and evaluated top vendors through in-depth technical reviews, demonstrations, and trials to implement into security ecosystem, providing another layer of protection
Updated the company’s ISMS policy with the reflected new security controls implemented.
Created vulnerability management workflow.
Created security incident response team playbook for various types of incidents including: Phishing, Unauthorized Access, Mass Download, and Malware

OneTrust, Sandy Springs
Security Analyst (2019 – 2020)
Reviewed internal security systems (SIEM, endpoint, firewall & IPS/ IDS) to identify potential incidents or events.
Maintained monthly vulnerability scans and provide vulnerability information to relevant stakeholders as requested or if remediation is required.
Prioritized security tasks based on risk assessment and business impact to effectively allocate resources and address critical vulnerabilities.
Continuously monitored, analyzed, and identified security alerts information from all approved security devices, collection techniques and designated system logs.
Assist in collecting and maintaining evidence of compliance for different initiatives including: ISO 27001, SOC2, NIST
Security evangelist providing knowledge and recommending best practices to non-technical users.
Evaluated new technologies and processes that enhance security capabilities.
Provided security support and evaluation to development teams to integrate information assurance/security throughout the System Life Cycle Development of major and minor application releases.
Reviewed and identified improvements to current knowledge base articles (KBAs), standard operating procedures (SOPs) and operational processes for the benefit of the organization.
Followed defined escalation paths to ensure proper issue resolution.
Investigate and advised internal teams concerning risks and active vulnerabilities identified within monitored network environments.
Stayed up-to-date with IT security trends, emerging threats, and industry standards to proactively identify potential vulnerabilities and recommend security measures.
Preformed Tenable vulnerability scans and create actionable tickets for various departments within the organization to correct vulnerability found in OneTrust environment or application
Initiate escalation procedures to counteract potential threats/vulnerabilities.
Analyzed, escalated, and responded to security events, observables and incidents detected by security products.

Equifax, Alpharetta
Fraud Monitoring Analyst (2018 – 2019)
Performed daily activities such as reporting and recommendations on improvements seen through analysis.
Develop, implement and maintain fraud monitoring standards and processes aligned with industry best practices.
Establish a means of reporting relevant findings to leadership in a clear and concise manner.
Proactively explore and implement process improvements and efficiencies, working with other team-members to test new strategies.
Delivered success criteria of reviewing of data and results.
Remain current on industry and regulatory matters impacting and related to the protection and monitoring of identity data and access.
Developed and maintained internal and external business relationships needed to effectively handle review and investigation of potentially fraudulent activity and influence appropriate process and or system changes to minimize risk.
Fiserv Disaster Recovery, Johns Creek
System Security Analyst III (2016 – 2019)
Provide reports to management regarding the effectiveness of networks and data security, also made recommendations for adoption of new policies, procedures and technologies.
Support incident management processes and security monitoring alerts in preventing internal / external hackers from compromising Fiserv’s data and assets.
Support new & existing security solutions, partner with the security engineering team for the implementation & integration of any new enhancements made to existing security solutions in support of improving overall enterprise security.
Assisted in the configuration and management of firewalls to protect the organization's network from unauthorized access and external threats.
Ensure security tools & solutions hardware/software/devices are operating effectively.
Manage Checkpoint VSX, Crossbeam, Palo Alto, and Intel XML Firewalls.
Ensure the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the data residing on or transmitted to/from/through enterprise networks.
Perform ticket queue monitoring, resolution, and prioritization, maintain diagrams and documentation and support firewall rule set reviews, auditing and maintenance activities.
Responsible for overnight implementation, troubleshooting VPN & operational turnovers.
Perform GUI and CLI-based policy pushes in a virtualized firewall environment comprising approx. 230 firewalls.
Coordinate mitigation tasks against DDos attacks with AT&T Threat Management Team.
Perform certificate renewals on F5 proxy.

Veredus@Fiserv, Johns Creek
Security Analyst Staff (2016 – 2017)
Perform GUI and CLI-based policy pushes in a virtualized firewall environment.
Coordinate mitigation tasks against DDos attacks with AT&T Threat Management Team.
Ensure security tools & solutions hardware/software/devices are operating effectively.
Manage Checkpoint VSX, Crossbeam, Palo Alto, and Intel XML Firewalls.
Ensure the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the data residing on or transmitted to/from/through enterprise networks.
Perform ticket queue monitoring, resolution, and prioritization, maintain diagrams and documentation and support firewall rule set reviews, auditing and maintenance activities.

SecureWorks, Sandy Springs
Sr. Security Analyst (2015 – 2016)
Provided real-time analysis and log correlation from many heterogeneous security devices validating the legitimacy of generated security events.
Participated in continuing education, sourcing internally and externally, staying up to date with current vulnerabilities, attacks, and countermeasures.
Triaged logs from various security controls including firewall, proxy, host intrusion prevention systems, endpoint security, application and system logs, to identify threats to network security.
Demonstrated timely task completion involving solid organizational skills, task tracking, follow-up, and productive peer interaction.
Assisted with triage of client’s service request via phone or e-mail, collaborating with technical team to identify, resolve, and mitigate events.
Communicated status of, response, resolution and final root cause analysis to the appropriate stakeholders.

SecureWorks, Sandy Springs
Customer Care Analyst (2014 – 2015)
Reviewed Domestic and International service contracts for compliancy before being sent to the legal department.
Coordinated with legal department, upper management, and tech services when contracts appeared non-conforming.
Performed a digital conversion of vital client records ensuring completeness and accuracy.
Answered incoming calls and update client’s viable information in salesforce.
Engaged in outbound calls & emails to clients inviting them to attend company events.
Maintained a Salesforce database of key customer contacts and provided 'significant descriptors'.
Contact this candidate