Yvonne Mforneh
SOC Analyst
adypob@r.postjobfree.com • 678-***-****
https://www.linkedin.com/in/mforneh-yvonne-59b3a4255/ • Conyers, GA
Skilled, analytical, and solutions-focused SOC Analyst with proven track record of effectively detecting and mitigating security threats. Highly skilled in security incident response and analysis as well as possessing comprehensive knowledge of intrusion detection and prevention systems, SIEM tools, and network and system forensics. Strong background in threat intelligence and analysis. Adept at conducting vulnerability assessments, managing security operations, and handling incident escalations. Proven expertise in malware analysis and reverse engineering to safeguard systems and networks. Committed to staying ahead of emerging cyber threats and well-equipped to contribute to success of any security operations team.
Areas of Expertise
Security Incident Response & Analysis
Intrusion Detection & Prevention Systems
Security Information & Event Management Tools
Network & System Forensics
Threat Intelligence & Analysis
Vulnerability Assessment & Management
Malware Analysis & Reverse Engineering
Security Operations Center (SOC) Monitoring
Incident Handling & Escalation
Professional Experience
Think Tech Consulting, Waldorf, MD 2018 – Present
SOC Analyst
Execute operational processes to support response efforts to identified security incidents. Implement security tools such as Splunk, FireEye, Cisco IPS, and OSINT tools to analyze log files, investigate, interpret, and respond to complex security incidents. Protect networks, web sites, applications, databases, servers, data centers, and other infrastructures from cyber threats by monitoring, safeguarding, and alerting. Attend to telephone calls and inquiries, identifying cybersecurity problems requiring mitigation as soon as possible. Ensure quality assurance, accuracy, and consistency of security event data in tickets and reports. Deliver targeted training to enhance SOC operations, as well as create, track, and address standard job-related change requests. Participate in threat hunting activities, respond to verified incidents, and prepare daily SOC reports, providing customer briefings.
●Efficiently analyze and process IronPort and FireEye phishing email alerts.
●Achieved effective handling and mitigation of security incidents resulting in minimized impact on organization systems and data.
●Successfully managed incident response efforts during high-profile cyberattacks, effectively mitigating impact and minimizing downtime.
●Achieved compliance with industry standards and regulatory requirements by developing and implementing security controls aligned with industry standards and regulatory requirements.
●Built standardized reporting templates and metrics to provide insights into security incidents and trends for management and stakeholders.
●Delivered user-targeted attacks with engaging education programs on phishing awareness, password hygiene, and social engineering prevention.
●Improved organization security by developing and implementing comprehensive vulnerability management program, including vulnerability scanning, patch management, and risk assessment.

Golden Tech Consulting, Maryland, MD 2017 – 2018
IT Helpdesk Support Analyst
Facilitated monitoring of network management systems. Recorded and tracked all requests, including demographic information. Compiled data and prepared reports highlighting progress, adverse trends, and recommendations. Maintained log of frequently asked questions (FAQs) from various customer categories. Aided with IT inquiries and e-tickets. Diagnosed and troubleshot customer issues as well as refer technical issues to network team when necessary. Coordinated efforts with staff associates and subject matter experts to resolve problems, keeping network users and technical staff updated on problem resolution status. Prepared procedure manuals and help desk documentation along with analyzing customer satisfaction trends and tracking problems. Delivered training on backup coverage and system operation and maintenance. Supported password resets and account unlocks.
●Successfully reduced end user downtime by quickly diagnosing and resolving technical issues, improving productivity and efficiency.
Express Union Financial, Yaoundé, CMR CM 2009 – 2016
Controller
Formulated and implemented strategic plans aligned with organization goals. Identified growth opportunities, assessed market conditions, and made informed decisions. Promoted continuous learning and development by identifying training needs, providing mentorship, and creating opportunities. Analyzed financial metrics and operational benchmarks. Ensured transparency and supported decision-making by preparing reports, presentations, and recommendations.
●Implemented innovative solutions to enhance operational efficiency and customer experience based on technological advancements.
Education
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science
University of Yaoundé, Yaoundé, CMR CM
Technical Proficiencies
Solaris, Linux, Windows, MS Office Suite, Azure, Service Now, Remedy & J, IRT, IronPort, O365, MX Toolbox, FireEye Nessus, Cisco, IBM X-Force, Splunk ES, Carbon Black, MS Defender, AWS, Cisco Firepower, Thread Crowd, URL Void, Virus Total
Licenses & Certifications
CompTIA Security+ Certification, CompTIA
Splunk Fundamental Certification, In progress
AWS Solution Architect Certification, In progress
Information System Security Certification, In progress
Contact this candidate