Melvin Moten
Information Security Analyst

Contact
Baton Rouge, Louisiana 70816
225-***-****
adysyw@r.postjobfree.com
Objective
Dedicated Information Security Analyst recognized for a keen ability to accomplish tasks, talking initiatives, handling responsibilities and ethics. I am an Information Security Analyst with 8 experiences conducting audits, risk assessments, and vulnerability engagements for organizations within the Finance and Utilities sector.
Education
Virginia College
Baton Rouge, Louisiana
Associates of Information Technology and Cybersecurity

Key Skills
User Awareness Training
Project Management
Penetration Testing
Communication
Problem-solving
Vulnerability Assessment
Risk Assessment
Relationship Building
Ability to Multitask
Conflict Resolution
Attention to Detail
Wireshark
Nmap
Metasploit
Burp suite
Experience
JULY 2023 -
Service Technician Sparkhound

Prioritize and address IT service incidents within ticketing system to effectively meet the needs of clients across a broad spectrum of industries. Utilized active directory to remediate customer issues.

APRIL 2021 – DECEMBER 2022
Security Risk Assessor Fortress Information Security

Assisted Director of Supply Chain Management with the management and tracking of remediation activity for audit findings resulting from internal and external, as well as assessments. Develop reporting systems, dashboard and performance metrics that support business decisions.

OCTOBER 2016 – APRIL 2021
Information Security Analyst TraceSecurity

Performed network and web application penetration testing using Burp Suite, Nikto, SQL map and other automated tools. Performed weekly security operation for phishing, vulnerability assessments, auditing, Wi-Fi testing, physical security reviews. Performed penetration testing using Metasploit framework to identify vulnerabilities and provide remediation. Implemented security policies and procedures to ensure compliance with industry standards such as HIPPA, PCI, NIST, NERC.

SEPTEMBER 2015 – OCTOBER 2016
DELL IT SUPPORT Honeywell Industries

Maintained and updated computer systems for 400+ employees and engineers to ensure compatibility with new software and applications. Collaborated with cross-functional teams to identify and resolve infrastructure issues.

MAY 2013 – SEPTEMBER 2015
IT Support Virginia College

Worked alongside System Administrator to resolve an average of 30 technical issues per week. Deployed new software updates and patches.
Contact this candidate