TUGBA GOCERI
Cyber Security Analyst
Address: San Jose, CA Email: adz3dn@r.postjobfree.com Phone: 650-***-**** U.S. Citizenship
Summary
Cyber Security Analyst with 2+ years of experience in IT operations including 1-year Cyber Security and incident response training, currently pursuing a Master of Science in Computer Science. Strong analytical and technical skills, combined with a cheerful outlook and a diligent work ethic. Highly motivated and quick learner, as well as a tenacious problem solver who excels under pressure. Eager to leverage my skills and experience to secure an entry-level position as a Cyber Security Analyst and continue to grow in this dynamic field.

Education
●Master of Science in Computer Science, North American University, September 2023 - Present
●Cyber Security Analyst Course, Clarusway, September 2022 - January 2023
●Bachelor of Science in Mathematics, Fatih University, September 2007 - June 2011

Certifications
●CompTIA Security+ Certification (January 2023): Validates the essential skills needed to install, configure, and troubleshoot network security controls, perform vulnerability assessments, and detect and respond to security incidents.
●Duskbeacon Cyber Security Internship (Feb 2023-May 2023): Gained hands-on experience in a variety of cybersecurity tasks, including log analysis, incident response, and threat hunting.
●Clarusway Cyber Security Analyst Bootcamp (September 2022-January 2023): Completed an intensive bootcamp that provided a comprehensive foundation in cybersecurity, including topics such as network security, system security, and application security.
●UX Design Certificate by Google (August 2021): Demonstrates the ability to design user-friendly and accessible interfaces.

Professional Experience
Duskbeacon Cyber Security Internship (Feb 2023-May 2023)
● Conducted log analysis on Splunk SIEM solution and provided recommendations to the technical teams.
● Conducted log analysis, analyzed alerts through Splunk SIEM solution, and identified security anomalies for investigation and remediation.
●Conducted analysis to determine the legitimacy of files, domains, and emails using online resources such as Virus Total, IP Void, and MX Toolbox.
●Familiarity with information security fundamentals, including network technologies and tools.
●Identity and access management and implementing security system and risk management.
●Experienced in using various tolls like Splunk, Crowdstrike, and TheHive.
●Analyzed PCAP files narrowed down anomaly traffic with Wireshark, examined the infected hosts’ details, and wrote Indicators of Compromise on reports.

Operation Manager at Spring Design, (Jun 2017- Mar 2020)
●Managed all aspects of store operations, including employee management, scheduling, and security.
●Managed a team of employees, ensuring that they were trained, motivated, and performing at an elevated level.
●Trained employees on security procedures to ensure they were aware of how to respond in the event of an emergency.
●Utilized strong leadership and management skills to ensure efficient and effective store operations.
●Successfully resolved any issues that arose in a timely and effective manner.

Projects
Designed my own home security lab using virtual machines.
●Executed Internal Nessus Scan against the Metasploitable VM. Examined Nessus Scan Reports.
●Built a Fortinet Fortigate NGFW Lab using Eve-NG via VMware Workstation.
●Resolved Damn Vulnerable Web App (DVWA) cases on Metasploitable VM using basic penetration testing features of Kali
Linux to better understand web application attacks and learn web application security.
●Launched Burp Suite to Brute Force a Login Page on DVWA.
●Performed Malware analysis with Wireshark using Kali Linux VM.

Technical Skills
●SIEM: Splunk Enterprise Security, IBM QRadar
●EDR: Crowdstrike
●TICKETING: TheHive
●KALI LINUX TOOLS: Burp Suite, Metasploit, Nmap
●VULNERABILITY ANALYSIS: Nessus,
●VIRTUALIZATION: VMware, VirtualBox
●FIREWALL: FortiGate, Iptables, Eve-NG
●NETWORKING: Wireshark, TCP/IP & OSI Layers, LAN, DNS, TCP/UDP protocols, VPN, Whois, URLVoid, MX Toolbox, Phishing Analysis, Authentication
●OSINT: OSINT Framework, Google Dork, Exploit-dB, TheHarvester, Shodan.io, Hybrid Analysis, VirusTotal.
●SECURITY FRAMEWORKS: NIST-800, OWASP 10, Cyber Kill Chain, MITRE ATT&CK, Framework, Information Security Playbook
●SOC EXPERIENCE: Log Analysis, Detection Packet Analysis, Malware Analysis, Online Sandbox (FlareVM)
●Microsoft office
●Figma
●C, C++, Matlab
Soft Skills
Analytical Thinking Problem-Solving Leadership Strategic planning
Project management Strong Communication Time Management Adaptability
Collaboration & Teamwork Coaching Mindset Resilience Curiosity
Attention to details Creativity Documentation Empathy
Ethics Critical Thinking Multitasking Customer Service
Contact this candidate