Sahitya Kamagani
E-Mail: adzb0m@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile: +1-905-***-****
Address: ** ********** ** ***********, ** L5R 4G9

Summary:

Software/Security Analyst with 8 years of experience in Okta Identity and Access Management implementations, Forgerock, Administration & Support and Azure Active Directory, Ldap. I am seeking an opportunity where I can showcase and enhance my skills.

Key Skills:

Skilled in OKTA, Forgerock Identity Management & Access Management and Azure Active Directory.
Skilled in Forgerock Identity Management & Access Management and Ldap
Skilled in Azure Identity Management & Access Management and Azure Active Directory
Work experience in MFA for Okta such as Okta verify and Forgerock.
Expertise in User life cycle management
Skilled in implementing SSO using Azure, OKTA, Forgerock.
Expertise in integrating various applications using different protocols with OKTA, Forgerock.
Skilled in MFA implementations.
Integrating Azure and Okta with Active Directory Mastered Users and Active Directory Master users.
Hands on experience on APIs integration and migrations with Python.
Implementation of Multi - factor Authentication (MFA) and configuring Universal Directory
Setting up SAML applications in OKTA, Azure Cloud and Forgerock.
Configured and supported SAML based Identity & Service Provider connections.
Proficient in provisioning and de-provisioning user to various applications in OKTA, Azure and Forgerock.
Hands on experience on making changes to user profile in Azure AD and Ldap.
Team player with excellent communication and problem-solving skills.

Technical Skills:

IDAM Tools: OKTA, Forgerock, Azure AD
Directory Services: Microsoft Active Directory, Ldap.
Operating Systems: Linux, Windows XP.

Education:

M.C.A ( Master of Computer Applications), Kakatiya University, Warangal in 2013.
Work Experience:

Sr. IT Security Analyst, Tech Mahindra. (June 2022 to till date)
IT Security Analyst, Dynpro India Pvt. (Oct 2021 to May 2022)
System Administrator, Lejara Global IT Solutions Pvt. Ltd. (Dec 2017 to Sep 2021)
Testing Engineer, Sri Vasudha Software Informatic Solutions Ltd. (July 2015 to Nov 2017)
Trainings:
Sno#
Title
Location
Organized by
Duration
1
Azure AD
Hyderabad
Tech Mahindra
1 Month
2
Forgerock
Bangalore
Accenture
2 Months

Project Details:

Project1:

Project : OKTA, Azure AD, Application Integration, SSO and MFA implementation.
Client : Pret A Manager
Duration: June 2022 to till now.

Description :

In 1998, the company employed 1,400 people, of whom 19% were from the UK and 60% were from other European Union countries, mainly in Eastern Europe. Pret a Manger employs 1 in every 14 applicants. Applicants go on a one-day experience day at a shop and their success is determined by votes from the staff members.

Responsibilities:

Responsible for gathering Business Requirements from the client and the third party vendors regarding Application on-boarding.
Experience in supporting Production Servers and Applications 24x7 on call support.
Involved in on-boarding various applications to OKTA, Forgerock and Azure AD.
Involved in OKTA, Forgerock and Azure AD, SSO implementations and OKTA and Forgerock Identity Management & Access Management
Involved in MFA implementations, Forgerock,OKTA Verify, push notification, SMS.
Involved in Azure AD Agent installations and upgradations and Identity Management & Access Management
Responsible working sessions with Application Vendors, Stake holders.
Provisioned and de-provisioned users to various applications and workday.
Worked on users access related issues in OKTA, Forgerock,Azure AD and Workday.
Worked on various application access issues and communicated with application teams and Customers.
Monitored and maintained sync between OKTA, Forgerock, Workday and Azure AD.
I helped other teams configurations and resolving the issues.
Troubleshooting Azure and AWS related issue.
I effectively communicated with Third party vendors in resolving issues.
I maintained good rapport with in my team and other teams.
I prepare and maintain incident reports which help in tracking the flow and status of tickets.

Environment: OKTA,Idaas, Local AD,Workday, Azure AD and ServiceNow

Project Details:

Project1:

Project : OKTA, Forgerock SSO and MFA implementation.
Client : Accenture
Duration: Oct 2021 to May 2022.

Description :

Accenture is an Ireland-based multinational professional services company that specializes in information technology services and consulting. A Fortune Global 500 company, it reported revenues of $50.53 billion in 2021.

Responsibilities:

Responsible for gathering Business Requirements from the client and the third party vendors regarding Application on-boarding.
Involved in on-boarding various applications to OKTA and Forgerock and Identity Management & Access Management
Involved in OKTA, Forgerock and Forgerock SSO implementations and
Involved in MFA implementations.
Involved in AD Agent installations and upgradations and Azure Identity Management & Access Management
Responsible working sessions with Application Vendors.
Provisioned and de-provisioned users to various applications.
Worked on users access related issues in OKTA and Forgerock Identity Management
Worked on various application access issues and communicated with application teams.
Monitored and maintained sync between OKTA, Forgerock and AD Access Management
I helped other teams configurations and resolving the issues.
I effectively communicated with Third party vendors in resolving issues.
I maintained good rapport with in my team and other teams.
I prepare and maintain incident reports which help in tracking the flow and status of tickets.

Project Details:

Project1:

Project : OKTA SSO and MFA implementation.
Client : AECOM
Duration: Jan 2019 to Sep 2021

Description :

AECOM’s, creating new buildings and communities to enhancing public space, to engineering energy, transportation, and utility systems. AECOM uses Okta to simplify, secure and manage access for a global workforce

Responsibilities:

Responsible for gathering Business Requirements from the client and the third party vendors regarding Application on-boarding.
Involved in on-boarding various applications to OKTA Identity Management & Access Management
Involved in OKTA SSO implementations.
Involved in MFA implementations.
Involved in AD Agent installations and upgradations.
Responsible working sessions with Application Vendors.
Provisioned and de-provisioned users to various applications.
Worked on users access related issues in OKTA Access Management
Worked on various application access issues and communicated with application teams.
Monitored and maintained sync between OKTA and AD Active directory
I helped other teams configurations and resolving the issues.
I effectively communicated with Third party vendors in resolving issues.
I maintained good rapport with in my team and other teams.
I prepare and maintain incident reports which help in tracking the flow and status of tickets.

Environment: OKTA,AD,Workday, Sailpoint and ServiceNow

Project3:

Project : OKTA SSO implementation.
Client : ConEd, US
Duration: Dec 2017 to Dec 2018

Description :

ConEd is one of the largest investor-owned energy companies in the United States, with approximately $12 billion in annual revenues, and over $48 billion in assets. It uses Okta to simplify, secure and manage access for various applications.

Responsibilities:

Responsible for gathering Business Requirements related to on boarding & off boarding applications.
Involved in Application integration and access monitoring.
Involved in SSO implementations and Operations.
Involved in user life cycle management (On-boarding and off boarding).
Interaction with the Customer.
Provisioned and de-provisioned users to various applications as per business requirement.
Installed and upgraded agents.
Worked on access related issues of users in OKTA and AD Identity Management & Access Management
Worked on various application access issues and communicated with application teams for quick resolution of the issue.
Monitored and maintained sync between OKTA and AD.
Interacted with team members to gain knowledge and share information regarding various changes in the process and issues.
I helped other teams in resolving issues.
I effectively communicated with Third party vendors.
I maintained good rapport with in my team and other teams.

Environment: OKTA,AD, Salesforce, Sailpoint and ServiceNow
Contact this candidate