














































   RAJASHEKHAR  BYAHATTI     
                                           

       Mrs. Leelavati W/o Shivanna Gowda,  

       No37, 1st  Main, 7th Cross Jakkasandra,                                            Mob. Number: +91-9663028663 

       Koramangala Bengaluru      E-mail: rajuprashant101@gmail.com 
       Karnataka (INDIA)        

           

Professional Snap Shot : 

 An astute & result oriented professional with 2.5 years of qualitative experience in the field 

Procurement (Spot buy, Sourcing, Negotiation, Strategic & Tactical Buying, Spend Analysis, Cost 

reduction, Order Fulfillment & Vendor Management) 

 Assigned with Southern Batteries Pvt Ltd as a Supply chain Analyst from October 2016 to till 

Date, under a leading Battery manufacturing company 

 Associated with Hospet Steels Ltd from Jan-2016 to Oct-2016 one of the leading manufacturers of 

Alloy Steels. 

 

Work Experience: 

Southern Batteries Pvt Ltd (From October-2016  To – Till Date) 

  Working as Purchase Engineer with Southern Batteries Pvt Ltd  one of the leading Battery 

manufacturing compony, providing a broad range of Sales and Services. 

 

 

Description of Work: 

 

 Procurement (P2P) cycle- Purchase Requisition, Purchase Order, Goods Receipt, Invoice 

Receipt. 

 Enrolled in Direct & Indirect Purchase, Supplier enablement, PO Processing,  Accounts Payable 

and Invoice Processing, Payments. 

 Sourcing of Requested Materials based on Purchase Request via Mail Quotes. 

 Negotiation with supplier on Payment terms and incoterms. 

 Releasing Purchase order based on the MRP, MRO and services, Blanket orders etc. 

 Creation of purchase orders. 

 Implementation of procurement plan for indirect material and services. 

 Allocating completed requisitions to appropriate buyers. 

 Work with Vendors & AP team to resolve invoices discrepancies on payment holds by 

prioritizing on aged holds and high value Invoices. 

 Generating reports in SAP. 

 Work on issues within PTP cycle which need special attention & speedy resolution.    

 Coordinating with approvers for approval process for vendor set up and payments. 

 Worked on Special Procurement Types like Sub-Contracting and Vendor Consignment. 

 Processing Goods Receipts, Goods Issue, and Transfer Postings for Inventory Management. 

 Preparing indents for daily production activities based on the requirements from respective 

teams.  
 

mailto:manoharjp@yahoo.com


                  
 

Hospet Steels Ltd (From Jan 2016 – October-2016) 

 

Worked as Purchase Engineer with Hospet Steels Ltd One of the leading manufacturers of  

Alloy Steels. 

Description of Work:- 

 Inviting quotes from approved vendors. 

 Technical evaluation and preparation of comparative statements. 

 Preparation of Purchase Orders & Follow up of the materials with suppliers. 

 Getting the materials within schedule time from the suppliers. 

 Arranging the materials to factory on day to-day basis for production. 

 Co-ordination with accounts department for releasing payment of supplies. 

 Assist HOD for the smooth function and in Vendor Development. 

 Vendor evaluation and vendor registration.  

 Advising for the payments to suppliers on time. 

 Co-ordination with Stores and end users at factory. 

 

   Academic Qualification: 
 

   Completed Bachelor of Engineering from MVJ College of Engineering, Bangalore     

           Vishveshvarayya Technological University with aggregate 64% in 2015. 

   Completed Diploma in Electronics and Communication from KHK Polytechnic Dharwad. 

      With 68% .  

  Completed SSLC From MDRS School Negalur With 84%.  

 

  Computer Literacy: 
 

 Basic & Advance ( Windows, Ms-Office). 

 Have 2.5 years of work experience in SAP MM Module(Super User). 

 Done SAP MM Module Course. 
 

 Personal profile: 
 

Father’s name  :      Basavaraj 

Date of birth  :      20-07-1991 

Sex    :      Male 

  Marital Status  :      Married 

Languages known  :      English, Kannada, Hindi,  

 

Declaration: 

I hereby declare that the above information is correct to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for 

the veracity of the same. 

 
 Place: Bengaluru 

 Date:                             (Rajashekhar Byahatti) 


