























Vani Murthy
SAP HCM Consultant

+91 9886816498
vanimurthy.hr@gmail.com

Career Objective:

To work in an organization that can provide me a professional environment,
where I can explore my complete potential to accomplish my individual & organizational
goals, that allows me to learn new technologies while utilizing my experience in SAP
applications as well as my knowledge and to work continuously towards enhancing my
technical, managerial and professional expertise.

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
 Around 2.5 years of SAP experience in implementation and End user support.
 Specialized in SAP Human Capital Management module.
 Experience in gathering Project Requirements & Specifications, Designing,

developing and production maintenance, which includes understanding the
requirements, preparation of Design Documents, Impact analysis and the
development of the applications.

 Highly self-motivated and able to set priorities to achieve immediate and long-
term goals and meet project & operational deadlines.

 Having knowledge and
experience in OracleCRM tool for correcting and executing queries.

 Have complete multi-tiered application development lifecycle experience.
 Participate in the implementation of a new HCM (Human Capital Management)

while continuing to support the current platform until the transition is fully
completed.

 Experience in integration of HR module with other modules like MM, PP and
FI/CO.

 MS Office, HR analytics, ESS and MSS portal.

 Experience in working on SAP Net Weaver Back End Applications and Web
Services application support.

 Involved in business process study & analysis, Configured Enterprise structure
with other team members of implementation to Build complete organization
levels.

 Working experience on SAP HCM module application design and development.



Work Experience
 Worked with EXL Services, Bangalore, from Nov-16 to 28 August.
 Worked with Sigma Aldrich Chemicals PVT LTD, from Jun-15 to Feb-16.
 Worked in Reliance Global Services, Hyderabad as Trainee SAP HCM consultant

for 8 months.

Skill Set
 SAP HCM module
 SAP Net Weaver
 MS Office
 R tool

Certifications:
 SAP - HR Certified From Reliance Global Services Limited in Hyderabad.

Project #1:

Client: Sigma Aldrich chemicals Pvt Ltd

Client Business Process: Sigma Aldrich is a supplier in the research and fine
chemicals market. Aldrich provides organic and inorganic chemicals, building
blocks, reagents, advanced materials and stable isotopes for chemical synthesis,
medicinal chemistry and materials science. Aldrich's chemicals catalog, the "Aldrich
Catalog and Handbook" is often used as a handbook due to the inclusion
of structures, physical data, and literature references.

Role: SAP HCM End user

Responsibilities:

 Experience in workflows and approval process.

 Advanced knowledge of the internet/intranet.

 Working on HCM forms to enable data entry through forms and
to provide the user with the precise fields and information and execute the
particular process.



 Respond to inquiries (through Service Now) from
internal users on transaction status.

 Review all cases assigned on the same day and take
appropriate action.

 Delegated employee hiring to retire formalities through system.
 Performed International transfer for Global employees.
 Processed promotions (grade/pay change) and demotions (grade/pay change)

PA40.
 Having been worked on the testing and HR data migration.
 Training the users on the new functionalities.
 Providing user manuals for the users.

PROJECT #2

Client: EXL Services HR Operations

Client Business Process: EXL Service is an operations
management and analyticscompany. EXL offers insurance, banking, financial services,
utilities, healthcare, travel, transportation and logistics services. The company is
headquartered in New York City with more than 27,000 professionals in locations
throughout the United States, Europe, Asia, Latin America and South Africa.

Role: SAP HCM End user

Responsibilities:
 Resolving user issues related to HCM solution
 Resolve issues on day to day basis based on SLA.
 Onboarding, service letter, Adhoc reports, Jury Duty Excusal letter, Employee

confirmation process- follow up with the managers, collect inputs and close with
the confirmation letter

 MIS Management with regards onboarding, Exit, Insurance, BGV data
 Provides general support to HR Operation function within the department
 Performed initial testing of problem fixes, change request, enhancements, and

new functionality.

Academics Qualifications:
 Holds Master of Business Administration (Majors in Human Resources) from Sri

Venkateswara University, Tirupati.

Place: Bangalore



Date:


