














































	Jyoti Ranjan Rauta
	  
	#24, 3rd Cross, Rajashree Layout,                Munnekolala, Marathalli, 
Bangalore 560 037

	
	
	

	
	   
	  Phone: +91- 9901063510

	
	   
	Email: rauta.jyoti@gmail.com


Résumé 

Over six and half years of professional experience in safety critical software in aerospace & defence embedded domain. I am specialised in carrying out verification, validation activities involving technical liaison with code authors, the review of the work of other team members and delivery software build, configuration management, and release activities for a number of clients. I can adapt to new environments readily and worked effectively in project teams in India, UK, and France.

Education and Qualifications

	2000 – 2004
	B.E. in Information Technology & Engineering, Utkal University, Orissa


Employment Summary
	Dec 2008 – Present
	Altran Praxis Limited, Centre for Embedded and Critical Systems, An Altran Group Company (www.altran-praxis.com)

	Nov 2005 – Dec 2008
	BAeHAL Software Limited, Solution provider for avionics subsystem for defence organization, A Joint Venture BAE Systems, UK and Hindustan Aeronautics Limited, India, (www.baehal.com)


Practical Experience

Machines and Operating Systems
	Intel x86
	MS-DOS, Windows (NT, 2000, XP, 7)

	IBM pSeries
	Unix (AIX 5.2, 5.3)


Standards

RTCA DO-178B, DOD-STD-2167A, IEEE 12207.1
Programming Languages

Ada95, C, C++, Python

Software Tools
	Configuration tools
Requirements tools
	Subversion, Visual SourceSafe

DOORS

	Design tools
	Rational Rose

	Testing tools
	 RTRT, LDRA, IPL AdaTest

	IDE
	Komodo, Eclipse, GNAT Pro tool suite, Microsoft Visual Studio


Methods

Object-oriented programming
Z Formal Specification 

Formal Training

​Z Readers Course (Altran Praxis, UK)
Python Programming (Altran Praxis, UK)
Software Engineering with SPARK (Altran Praxis, UK)

Foundation Course in Engineering (Altran Praxis, UK)
Career History
Altran Praxis Ltd

Software Engineer
AIRBUS: DDD Coherency Check Software Development
Apr 2012 – Present

DDD coherency check tool is a full life cycle project and this is a comparison tool used to check for consistency between sets of input files produced by an onboard system in aircrafts. This project is carried out according to the DO-178B standards.
As Team Lead, understanding the design and development of requirements specification, work allocation, setting and achieving project milestones.

NATS (National Air Traffic Services): iFACTS Programme

May 2010 – Mar 2012
iFACTS (interim Future Area Control Tools Support) is an extension of the existing NATS ATC (Air Traffic Control) system, which provides ATCOs (Air Traffic Controllers) with additional advice/information to make their job of maintaining safe and orderly movement of aircraft easier, to view predicted conflict information on flights specifically the avoidance of mid-air collisions.
Spent 5 weeks hands-on technical training and familiarisation in Altran Praxis UK offices, then working in Test team with 10 – 20 (varying) team members responsible for designing test conditions from the Z specification, test cases designing, scripting, analysing the results and raise the problem report to amend in the future software release.
Dec 2008 – Apr 2010

Spent 3 weeks hands-on technical training and familiarisation in Altran Praxis UK offices, then working in Build/CM team with 3 team members to deliver all software build, configuration management, and release activities of the project.
BAeHAL Software Ltd

Sr. Software Engineer
Nov 2005 – Dec 2008

I undertook verification, validation, and testing tasks for a number of clients including:

· Indian Navy, Mumbai, India—Independent validation and verification, low-level requirement testing (LLRT), and unit testing on host and target platforms, and report generation for the complete Ship Weapon Interlock Safety System (SWISS-15A). The work was carried out as per the IEEE 12207.1 standard.

· Aircraft Research and Development Centre, Bangalore, India—Independent validation and verification, low‑level requirement testing (LLRT), unit testing on host and target platforms, and report generation for the Smart Display System (SDS) for Hindustan Jet Trainer (HJT-36). The work was carried out as per the DO‑178B standard.

· Rolls-Royce, Derby, UK—Low level testing (LLT) on host and target platforms, and report generation for the complete Trent 1000 FADEC system for AIRBUS A380 and Boeing 787 aircraft. The work was carried out as per the DO‑178B standard.

· Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd, Hyderabad, India—Design, documentation, unit and integration testing for the NWS and UCS modules of the brake control, hydraulics, engine and electrical monitoring system of the Tejas Light Combat Aircraft (LCA). The work was carried out as per the DOD-2167A standard.
· Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd, Korwa, India—Independent validation and verification, unit testing on host and target platforms, and report generation for the complete Solid State Flight Data Recorder (SSFDR) for the Sukhoi 30-MKI aircraft. The work was carried out as per the DOD-2167A standard.
Curriculum Vitae of Jyoti Ranjan Rauta

                                          Page 2 of 2

