














































NILOO KUMARI 
Bengaluru, Karnataka |   +91-8296604445|  niloo.dass@gmail.com 

 
DATA ANALYST 
8+ years of industry experience in data analysis within retail & hospitality industries. 
 

TECHNICAL SKILLS/TOOLS 

Analytical Skills Digital Marketing Advanced Excel 

Market Research Google Analytics R language 

Statistics Google Adwords Python 

Multivariate & A/B Testing PPC  

 

EMPLOYMENT DETAILS 

Job Title: Data Analyst 
Avvio 

Dec 15 – Apr 18 
Limerick, Ireland 

 

 Clean, aggregate, analyze, interpret and carry out quality analysis using Avvio Insights & Google Analytics data.  

 Lead the development of multivariate/AB tests, define test plans to deliver focused improvement in systems 

performance and client conversion. 

 Perform demand & revenue forecasting and analyze the market trends. 

 Consistently achieved 25% growth in direct bookings through hotel's own website for over 100+ clients. 

 Established best practices in Avvio for data management, guiding the creation of models and reports. 

 Setting & analyzing heat maps, click maps & scroll maps to find areas of improvements on client website. 

 Set up Google Adwords PPC campaigns and exposure to SEO and Email marketing. 

 

Job Title: Compensation Research Associate 
Glass Lewis  

Feb 15 – May 15 
Limerick, Ireland 

 

 Analyse the executive pay practices of publicly-traded companies, summarize annual meeting proposals on 

executive compensation and offer voting recommendations to our clients. 

 Produce well-reasoned governance research reports for European markets. 

 

Job Title: Senior Business Analyst 
Tata Consultancy Services 

Apr 12 – Oct 14 
Bangalore, India 

 

 Perform mathematical and statistical analysis like Regression, Factor analysis, Cluster analysis, Sampling. 

 Understand client market research techniques and identify Panel Behavior. 

 Calculate Projection Factors and maintain the sample. 

 Identify the Market Trends and analyse the effectiveness of channels – What customer buy and by which 

channel. 

 

 

 

https://www.optimizely.com/optimization-glossary/multivariate-test-vs-ab-test/


Job Title: Research Associate 
India Development Foundation 

  Jul 09 – Mar 12 
Gurgaon, India 

 

 Handled Planning Commission project titled “Small Area Estimation” to identify areas with high levels of 

poverty for major states in India.  

 Hands-on experience in assessing programs related to economic development/poverty reduction.  

 Contributed in designing effective questionnaire for the field survey. 

 Responsible for the development of reports for the client. 

 Performed data mining, cleaning, processing and management for various studies.  

  

ACADEMIC BACKGROUND 

 

Master in Economics Indira Gandhi Institute of 

Development Research, Mumbai 

2007-2009 

   

Bachelor in Economics Lady Shriram College, Delhi 

University, New Delhi 

2003-2006 

 

 

CERTIFICATIONS 

Google Analytics Individual Qualification  

AdWords Fundamentals  

AdWords Search Certification  

Bing ads  

    

 

 


