

















































Meena M V
+91-9791800639
meenamv28@gmail.com

Oracle Apps DBA

Experience an assiduous on Oracle Apps Database Administrator of 6 + years responsible position in production, UAT, QA and dev environments. 

Career Summary:

 Over 6 + years experience on Oracle Apps DBA with Oracle DBA specifically supporting Apps environment including administration, maintenance, upgrades and remote support
 Interacting with functional Implementation teams and guiding/suggesting Instance requirements, patch management methodologies
 Oracle Apps DBA R12/11i (11.5.10.2, 12.1.3, 12.2.4) administration, Upgrades, migration, regular maintained activities
 Worked on Oracle Applications Database upgrade from 11.5.10.2 to R12.2.4
 Migrated the OATM tablespace model. 
 Worked on database upgradation manually from 9i to 11g (11.2.0.4)
 Cloned on Oracle RAC Applications R12 from production RAC to uat RAC & NON-RAC environment.
 Expertise ERP Applications cloning 11i & R12 (manual clone and rapid clone) from production database to development database & test databases
 Worked Oracle Applications 11i/R12 Maintenance of (uploaded customized reports using FNDLOAD, performed password change using FNDCPASS), Patching Apps Development and Database Support & Maintenance
 Experience on patch analysis of application patches including cpu patch, rollup patch, maintenance patch and one-off patch. 
 Experience on applying online patching in R12.2.4 
 Resolve the view log/out files issue of concurrent requests, Apache and Forms issues.
 Resolving day to day issues of concurrent managers, Printer issues, Reports issues.
 Monitoring and troubleshooting of Apache, Forms, Concurrent Manager and database related issues. 
 Experience in taking logical backups, Physical Backup and RMAN
 Good exposure of using Oracle performance tools like AWR/ADDM, STATSPACK, Explain plan, TKPROF, SQL Trace, opatch, exp/imp, expdp/impdp, analyze tables and Indexes.
 Efficient standardizing databases with processes of password change, index rebuild and auditing database for security.
 Monitor growth of Database with scripts and resizing the tables, Responsible for High Availability.
 Proficient in UNIX platforms (Sun Solaris , Linux)
 Creation of multiple databases using DBCA as per the requirement by the company/ development team
 Creating users, allocating tablespaces to users, managing privileges with roles.. 
 Checking for space availability and adding space whenever required. 
 Creating and monitoring the different tablespaces like user, Undo, temporary Tablespaces. 
 Disk and File System Management including permissions and security settings.
 Data guard & Data guard Broker
 Data guard - Implementing Physical Standby Database
 Strong communication, collaboration & team building skills with proficiency at grasping new technical concepts quickly and utilize the same in a productive manner. 



Technical Skills:

Operating System : Sun Solaris 5.10, RHEL 
RDBMS : Oracle 11g, Oracle 9i 
ERP (E-business Suite) : Oracle Applications 11i and R12
Tools : Toad, Remedy, Putty, SSH, SFTP 
Replication : Data guard

Academic Qualification:

 Bachelor of Engineering (ECE) from Noorul Islam College of Engineering, Nagercoil, TN.

Achievements:

 Received the prestigious Certificate of appreciation for outstanding performance and lasting contributions.
 Oracle Database 11g Administrator Certified Associate

Professional Experience:

 Working with Wipro Technologies as Senior Software Engineer on Oracle Apps DBA from Jan 2011 to till date. 

Project #1

Project Name : Origin
Client : Origin Energy
Duration : Aug 2011 to Aug 2012
Environment : ORACLE database
Role : Oracle Database Administrator
Responsibilities:
• Oracle DB creation according to the customer requirements. 
• Installing Database according to specifications and creating the necessary table spaces, data files, rollback segments, redo log maintenance.
• Managing the physical structure of the Oracle Database link data files, redo log files and control files.
• Creation of users, roles, managing user privileges.
o Applying oracle database patches
o Monitored and diagnosed database performance through monitoring of Alert files, Trace files.
o Monitoring table space size, re-sizing space, Alert log trace files.
o Responsible for cold/hot backups.

Project #2

Project Name : Statestreet 
Duration : Aug 2012 to Present
Environment : ORACLE Database 11g & Applications 11.5.10.2 and R12.
Role : Oracle Application DBA
OS plat forms : Linux, Solaris
Responsibilities:
 Supported on installing oracle applications on the test servers, upgrading & migrating databases.
 Oracle Apps DBA R12/11i administration, Upgrades, migration, regular maintained activities.
 Resolving day to day issues with concurrent managers, Printer issues, Reports issues.
 Oracle Applications 11i/R12 Maintenance, Patching, Performance tunings Apps Development and Database Support & Maintenance.
 Oracle Apps on AD utilities.
 Applied patches (One-off, Mini-patch, Rollup Patch, CPU) and performing AD activities and Trouble shooter several worker issues.
 Applied online patching in R12.2.4
 Resolve the view log/out files issue of concurrent requests, database tuning, CM administration
 Monitoring tablespace free spaces, re-sizing datafiles, Alert log trace files.
 Responsible for cold/hot and rman backups.
 Support and monitoring on RAC databases
 Cloning Oracle RAC Applications R12 from production RAC to uat RAC & NON-RAC environment.
 Cloning Oracle Applications 11i/R12 from production to uat NON-RAC environment.
 Good exposure of using Oracle performance tools like AWR/ADDM, STATSPACK, Explain plan, TKPROF, SQL Trace, ANALYZE Indexes & Opatch.
 Object re-organization and other database maintenance task.
 Creating/rebuilding indexes, analyzing the schemas.
 Responsible for backups of the Prod, UAT, QA and Dev Databases for daily backup, weekly on RMAN.
 Oracle utilities, SQL Loader, Export and Import and OEM monitoring.
 Support: Provide Technical support, Troubleshoot and resolve issues related to the PROD/DEV environments
 Efficient in standardizing best database practices, processes and auditing database for security
 Monitor growth of Database with scripts and resizing the tables, Responsible for High Availability.
 Generating jar files
 Making sure that schedules backup jobs of instance is going fine. 
 Cleaning up of the log file of different processes like Apache, Concurrent Manager. 
 Planning for backup and recovery of database information & maintaining hot backups, cold backups, logical backups and Rman.
 Administering and maintaining Oracle Applications with AD utilities, AD patch, AD Admin, AD relink, adctrl, adconfig.
 Interacting with Oracle support for technical assistance requests. 
 Interacted with the customer to understand their requirements. 


Project #3

Project Name : Statestreet - Onsite
Client : Statestreet
Duration : April 2016 to Sep 2016
Environment : ORACLE Apps Migration
Role : Oracle Application DBA
Responsibilities :
 Interacted with the customers to understand their requirements and their technical queries for planning the migration. 
 Troubleshoot performance issues that might have come with migration. 
 Follow up with Oracle Product Support through metal ink for any issue those functional consultants raises, which require files, system log files etc.

