



















































Objective: My objective is to work  professionally, work hard in whatever task I undertake and Achieve excellence in whatever jobs I do. With hard work, honesty, dedication and willingness for improvement, I am confident of taking any organization with which I work to greater heights of success.

Harshad C N

Email:arshadarshu262@gmail.com        
Cell No: 7892118054
		
					
PERSONAL DOSSIER

Highest Degree Held	   :        B.B.M, IDSG College, 
                                                              Kuvempu university

Languages Known          :        English, Kannada, and Hindi

Date of Birth		    :        07-03-1994
 
Working Experience       :        36 months experience

PROFESSIONAL PROFILE 
1. Capita India private limited

Technical Skills:

	Tools & operating systems
	Citrix and SAP application



Work Experience Summary:
	Organization
	Role/Designation
	Duration

	Capita India Pvt Ltd
	Senior executive - Customer service
	August 2016 – September 2018



Roles and Responsibilities:

	Project
	Npower, United Kingdom 

	Role
	Customer service

	Description
	
Profile Description:

· Resolving the customer queries  
· Maintaining customer account.
· Billing/invoicing the customer.

Additional Responsibility:
· Carry out any other duties as requested by management in relation to the process 
· Contribute to the overall achievement of process levels by achieving agreed personal/ SLA targets

Trainings:
            Performance management, listening skills and change
            management



Customer Oriented :
· Provided an integrated and high level of customer service to the internal and external customers through collaboration and engagement.
· Ensured all customer correspondence is clear, concise, timely and accurate.
· Ensured customer’s needs are met to achieve customer delight.
 
Notable Achievements
·  Awarded Star of the Month.
·  Received Top contributor for 3 Months.
·   Spot Award for 4 Months.


2.  Nielsen Company

	Tools & operating systems
	Greenfield.



Work Experience Summary:

	Organization
	Role/Designation
	Duration

	Nielsen Company
	 Sports Analyst
	August 2015 – August 2016



	Description
	 Profile Description:
· Ensuring achievement of production and quality target.
· Performing quality Check to reduce internal errors and provide quality to all our deliverables.




Skills & Knowledge
· Basic knowledge in MS Word/ MS EXCEL / MS PowerPoint 
· Good listening skill
· Concern for Quality and Standards
· Problem solving 
· Customer Focus

EDUCATIONAL CREDENTIALS
Bachelor of Business Management (Finance & Accounting) from  IDSG College, Kuvempu University

Declaration

I hereby declare that all the information given by me is true to the best of my knowledge.
Harshad C N



