













Amandeep Singh Gill
Cell: - 8511110171

Email: uman.bdq@gmail.com

Flat 203, Sharnam Heights, 112 Ajay Soc, B/H Convent School, Fatehgunj, Vadodara.

B/20, 2nd Floor, Jay Apartment, M.G Rd, Dahanukar Wadi, Kandivali - (West), Mumbai-67.

OBJECTIVE:
To become a successful HR professional and create value for the company. To achieve company's goal with right people at right place, making use of my skills and to serve best for the organization in the best possible manner.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Uniweb Technologies Pvt Ltd	Jun’11 to Till Dated
Assistant Manager - HR

	Looking after the whole recruitment process starting from short-listing CV till the final selection. 
	Coordinating with candidates and HODs for scheduling the exact date and timing of interviews. 
	Handling Time resource management system & Payroll management system. 
	Preparing salary and payroll every month. 
	Implementing HR policies like promotions, confirmations. 
	Handling campus recruitment. 
	Issuing the salary slip to all employees via email. 
	Worked on PMS (Payroll Management System) & LMS (Leave Management System) & AMS (Administration Management System) Software 
	Screening and scheduling the Employee Referral resumes. 
	Handling a small team of two executive. 
	Ensuring joining date formalities, offer letter issues, candidate work performance Training and induction formalities. 
	Handling all type of government liaison work like PF, ESIC, and PT. 
	Preparation & submission of ESIC & PF challans. 
	Making offer & appointment letter of employee & generating employee code. 
	Continuous up gradation of database and database maintenance. 
	Responsible for Administrative Functions also. 
	Preparing a report on a weekly basis and reporting directly to VPHR. 
	Responsible for exit interviews. 


Fame India Ltd	May'09 –Jun’11

HR Executive

Responsibilities:

	Handling New Joiners formalities. (First day formalities, Induction Schedule, Bank 
	Formalities & Induction Chart.) 


	Handling Labour related issue such has minimum wages, Gratuity, Contract Labour. 


	Handling all type of government liaison work like PF, ESIC, PT, ER-I, ER-II Etc. 


	Preparation& submission of ESIC online challans. 
	Preparation& submission of PF form &Challans. 
	Conducting telephone & face to face interviews. 
	Preparing Salary every month for on roll & off roll employees on Vista HRM Software. 
	Handling, Maintaining &developing inter-personal & informal relationship with employees. 
	Preparing daily and monthly report’s on HRS. 
	Maintaining records such as Labour issue, Factory issue and all statutory compliance. 
	Handling the attendance related issues and Leave records of the organization. 
	Maintaining record of security & housekeeping team. 
	Maintaining employee database as well as updating the records. 

	Generating employee code nos., preparing their identity cards and collecting relevant documents. 
	Interfacing with the employees & ensuring early resolution of their issues.   


Rishabh Software Pvt Ltd (IT Industry)	May'07 - Apr'09

Technical Recruiter

Responsibilities:

	Independently handling recruitment process and directly. 
	Understanding and analyzing the requirements in different skill set. 
	Interacting with Technical Team for getting the interview process smoother. 
	Discussing CTC for candidates and ensuring that the cost to company. 
	Hunting suitable and best-fit candidates from job portals, references, consultants, and in-house database. 
	Maintaining complete Data Received through the Job Portals and other sources. 
	Conducting telephonic interviews and negotiating with the candidates to check their willingness to leave Present Job. 
	Sending the Scrutinized C.V. to the HODs through E-mail. 
	After the interview taking feedback of each candidate from concerned HODs 
	Coordinating with candidates and HODs for scheduling the exact date and timing of interviews. 


Sterling Hoffman Pvt Ltd	Nov'06 - May'07
Recruiter / Sourcing Associate

Responsibilities:

	Responsible for full cycle of recruitment and end to end recruitment of Non - IT, Information technology, Engineering, Food & Beverage and others. 


	Sourcing, Headhunting & Screening profiles through various job sites and internal database, networking sites as per the requirement for recruiting. 


	Individually managed the accounts assigned. Provide end-to-end recruitment support to the clients. Expert in client management. 


	Negotiate salary with the candidates and clients. Mentor team members into the recruitment processes. 
	Build candidates database utilizing Internet recruiting tools & Referrals. 


	Recruitment strategy formulation and implementation with an emphasis on procuring best talent within the industry. 


	To prepare the complete recruitment roadmap, identify the various sources of recruitment. 
	Source/Recruit new names of the leading Industry. 


EDUCATION:

	Diploma in Business Administration with specialization in Human Resources management (HRM). 
	Completed H.S.C from G.S.E.B with 50 %. 
	Completed S.S.C from G.S.E.B with 62%. 
	Basic Knowledge in Computers. 
	Attended Call Center Training at Trends Info Service, Vadodara in 2005. 


TECHNOLOGY SPECTRUM:

MS Office, MS Excel, MS Word, Power point, Outlook Express, Windows 98, 2000, XP, Internet, Linux, Remote desktop.

PERSONAL INFORMATION:

Date of Birth: 12th November 1984
Marital Status: Married
Nationality: Indian
Languages known: English, Punjabi, Hindi & Gujarati


