

















































	 
	(DIPANKAR ROY 

Address

Phone/Email

Permanent
24/1 D. S. Lane quarter, Block No- N, Room No -10 , Near Botanical garden, Howrah-711109, West Bengal

Home
9830866510
Email

royd624@gmail.com

	


	Resume




	
	Objective
A confident, multi-skilled & capable accounting manager with excellent knowledge of finance & accounting procedures. Having a proven ability to drive out inefficiencies through process improvement as well as assist in the maintenance & development of financial systems and accounting procedures. 
Total Work Experience (7+ years)
Current Job
GOLDEN ERA GROUP OF COMPANIES (SINCE SEP 2018 TILL DATE): Currently working as a Manager (Finance & Accounts) in Cape town (South Africa) and supporting the business by assisting to produce accurate financial and management accounting information on which financial decisions are based.
1. Ensure period end close activities are performed according to agreed close schedules & journal entries are prepared by complying with the accounting policies. 
2. Responsible for monthly financial reporting & analysis of operating expenses and revenue. 

3. Work proactively with management team to control financial results consistent with operating plan commitments for the organization
4. Manage the accounting system including accounts payable, accounts receivable, general ledger and ensuring compliance with local statutory requirement through appropriate record keeping
5. Analyze monthly financial result and performance review with annual budget.
6. Supervising of Debtors & creditors to manage queries and issues.
7. Cash management and approving payments
8. Helping financial director during audit with necessary requirements.

Previous Job

GENPACT INDIA PVT LTD (From SEP 2012 To Aug 2018): Worked as a Management Trainee (R2R/FP&A) at Genpact India Pvt. Ltd.

Job responsibility- (Manufacturing)
1. Handling R2R, FP&A, GL Accounting, Balance sheet reconciliation of Middle East, US & European client, Booking of PO and Non PO Accruals & it quarterly reversal, annual True-up calculation.
2. Review & Posting of month end billing with accuracy and within TAT & agreed SLA.

3. Preparing Balance sheet review on quarterly basis, Monthly JE posting & GL clearing across MEA region.   
4. Tracking all outstanding balances/required adjustment items and coordinate with Local Finance/FP& A for appropriate action and its closures.

5. Preparing of Edit Check reports for Middle East region during closing. Clearing the Edit check fails by analyzing and then posting the ADI entries for whole region.
6. Reconciling the Sales & Cost file with the G|L data and ERP data and thereby determining the variances. Then coordinating with the respective finance manager for correction.
7. Amendment of SOP’s with exceptions on quarterly basis, reviewing & sending it to client for final sign off along with the exception tracker preserved for each quarter.
8. Performing analysis and review of the work done by the team members.
9. Analysis and performing of balance sheet reconciliation on low risk Quarterly basis to ensure the GL balances are tying up with SL balances in a true and fair view.
10. Preparations of monthly and quarterly closing reports and ensure period end close activities are performed according to agreed close schedules & journal entries are prepared by complying with the accounting policies & HQ requirements.
Education
MBA
W.B.U.T
2012
B.COM(Hons)
Calcutta University
2010
HIGHER SECONDARY 
I.S.C
2007
MADHYAMIK


I.C.S.E
2005
.
Achievements in Genpact
· Cheers – For best performance 
· Client appreciations
· 4 times Cash rewards from Client for excellent customer support.
· Certified Lean“2 Star” by Genpact for process improvement.
Applications worked with

· Oracle 11i
· Hyperion
· Cognos
· Charlie

· Syspro

· SAP

· Excel

Personal data

· Date of Birth - 4th Dec 1987
· Marital Status - Married

· Nationality - Indian

· Religion - Hindu

· Languages knows - English, Hindi, Bengali

· Hobbies - Playing Football games, Driving & travelling.
Declaration

I hereby declare that the above furnished information are true to the best of my knowledge.
Date

Yours Sincerely

Dipankar Roy


	
	



