








































 

 

Nikhil Pai 

 

E-mail ID: pnikhilpai@gmail.com      Mobile: +91-8892505187 

 

OBJECTIVE 
 

 To work for a professionally managed company, seeking a highly enhanced professional career in a 
competitive organization. 

 

Professional Synopsis           :         

 

 3.9 years of experience in Core Accounting and Record to Report Team. 
 Currently associated with Capgemini Technology Services India Limited, Bangalore as Process 

Associate from July 2016 till date. 

 Applications worked on - SAP and Tally 
 In charge for managing daily reporting and SLA accomplishment. 
 Preparing Service Level Agreement for processes based on Timelines and Accuracy as components. 

 

Work Experience           :                                     

 

Capgemini Technology Services India Limited 

 

Designation: Process Associate     Duration: July 2016 –   Till Date 
 

General Accounting                  

 Responsible for preparation and periodic review of the journals as per the schedule. 
 Preparing month end Journal Entries & uploading in to SAP. 
 Maintain a master list of monthly journal entries. 
 Record supporting information for all journal entries. 
 Preparing Re-class Journals as per client request 
 Preparation of Pre close reconciliation and post close reconciliation in assigned TAT 
 Responsible for Balance Sheet Reconciliations. 
 Responsible for preparation of Accruals and Prepaid entries  
 Take care of accounting queries and timely support. 
 Preparation of intercompany Journals, Intercompany Reconciliations, Fixed assets accounying & 

reconciliations.    

 Preparation of consolidated open item reports on monthly basis and submission of accurate open item 
reports to clients 

 Netting between intercompany entities with different bisiness units. 
 Responsible to update Desktop procedures (DTP) in regular intervals whenever the processes map 

changes. 

 Training of new resources and backup planning to ensure continuity in production. 
 Assist auditors with journal entry examinations, providing backups, attending querries etc. 

 

 

 

 



 

 

 

Bank Journals and reconciliations         

 Downloading the bank statements from the bank website and preparing journals. 
 Posting journals in SAP and follow up with on aged open items with AR and AP Team 
 Preparing daily and monthly Bank Reconciliations Statement for three company codes and submitting  

Reconciliations in BP-OPEN 

 Identifying the discrepancies and updating the reconciling items with accurate information. 
 Maintaining relevant documentation as per the defined control 

 

K Mohan & Exports Private Limited 

 

Designation:  Accounts Executive    Duration: Dec 2015 – July 2016 
 

 Preparation of Journal entries & monthly Accruals JE’s. 

 Entering all Foreign receipts into ERP. 

 Maintaining the Outstanding balance list. 

 Preparation of Receivables and Payables outstanding report to maintain the accounts. 

 Taking care of all liquid cash in bank in form of long term & shor term FDs. 

 Working closely with vendors in maintaining books of accounts. 

 Preparing the volume reports and sending it to Management. 

 Preparation of consolidate outstanding export debtors report on periodic basis. 

 Preparation of bank reconciliation reports and Account reconciliation reports. 

 Preparation of vendor reconciliations based on volume of transactions entered in ledger. 

 Preparing of USD, GBP & EUR reconciliations. 

 

L & W Construction India Private Limited 

 

Designation:  Accounts Executive    Duration: Jule 2014 – Dec 2016 
 

 Entering of all purchases invoices. 

 Execution of labour bills for payment. 

 Introduced One Page Reporting Concept. 

 Preparation of Vendor reconciliations. 

 Preparation of Bank reconciliations. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

 

Academic                                                                                                                                          : 

 

 Bachelor in Business Administration, from Karnatak University, Dharwad- Karnataka - with 79% 
aggregate in the year 2014. 

 PUC (10+2) under Department of Pre University Education, Karnataka with 69.66% in the year 2011. 
 10(SSLC) under Karnataka Secondary Examination Education Board with 70.80% in the year 2009. 

 

Computer skills                                                                                                                                : 

 MS Office 

 Tally ERP 

 SAP 

 

 

Personal Details                                                                                                                              z 

 

Date of Birth  : 05/02/1994 

Address  : 36/61, MATRU CHAYA, Veer Vitthal Road, Bhatkal – 581320 
Marital Status  :        Single 

Languages   : English, Hindi, Kannada, Telugu & Konkani 

 

 

Declaration: 

 

I hereby declare that the details furnished are true to best of my knowledge. 

 

 

            Nikhil Pai 

 


	Address  : 36/61, MATRU CHAYA, Veer Vitthal Road, Bhatkal – 581320
	Marital Status  :        Single

