














































SahityaGade 

8-51, Feel Good Homes, Gandhamguda, RR district, Hyderabad, India 

Mobile: +91-8379912664 

Email:sahitya.gada@gmail.com 

 

Career Objective: 

To obtain a position that will enable me to use my strong educational background & work 

experience to help attain my professional goals and the goals of an organization 

Academic Profile 

Course Board/University Institute Period of Study Percentage 

B.Tech 

(Information 

Technology) 

Jawaharlal Nehru 

Technological 

University 

Hyderabad, India 

Jyothisamathi 

Institute of 

Technology & 

Science 

2011-2015 73.10% 

Intermediate 

(+2) 

Board of 

Intermediate 

Education 

Hyderabad, India 

Sri Chaitanya 

Junior College, 

Hyderabad 

2009-2011 70% 

SSC Board of 

Secondary 

Education 

Hyderabad, India 

Paramitha High 

School 

Karimnagar 

2008-2009 86% 

Professional Summary: 

● 2.5+ yrs of work experience as an IT professional 

● Strong analytical, problem solving & interaction skills 

● Well versed with computer hardware, software & Internet 

● Effective in time management & prioritization of tasks 

● Good team player with a can do attitude 

Technical Skills 

● Languages:XML, C, SQL, PLSQL, HTML,CCNA R&S. 

● Tools: Oracle SQL*Plus, Microsoft Outlook office 365, BMC Remedy. 

● Operating Systems: Windows XP, IB Mainframes, MS-DOS. 

mailto:sahitya.gade@c3isolutions.com


Work Experience 

  Analyst                                                                                               April 2017 to present 

C3i Solutions, Inc. (HCL Technologies Company)                   Hyderabad, India 

Client:Merck & Co, Inc 

Roles and Responsibilities: 

 Provide IT technical support to US based client employees over phone, email & chat. 

 Perform all necessary technical troubleshooting to resolve IT issues reported to helpdesk 

and to follow standard operating procedures to escalate issues beyond scope of support to 

appropriate next level support teams for further assistance. 

 Perform account administration activities such as account unlocks and password resets 

for various systems such as but not limited to SAP & Microsoft active directory….etc. 

 Assist with installation & configuration of various enterprise related software on laptops, 

desktops & virtual machines. 

 Assist with installation, set up & technical issues of enterprise mobile applications used 

by (Merck & Co., Inc.) employees on handheld devices (iOS & Android). 

 Programmer Analyst                     December 2015 to March 2017 

Cognizant Technology Solutions           Pune, India 

Client:Credit Suisse 

Roles and Responsibilities: 

 Production support for the IB Mainframe networking systems in PDC/RDC, X/OS, 

Hardware and attached devices. 

 Monitoring and ensuring the availability of whole production and development 

environments 1st level support for online processing. 

 Ensure availability of all business critical transactions. Link between the end users and 

technical specialists (System Programmers, Incident Management IBM Support Center). 

BCP location for AS/400 L0 monitoring. 

 Coordinate and execute disaster recovery tests for the IBM Systems. 

 Ensuring the Mainframe Break-glass Ids are available whenever needed. 

 General contact point for questions regarding Mainframe issues. 

Projects Undertaken 

1. Project Title:College Phonebook (Android) 



 Designed an application for Android based phones to enable college management to 

access all the phone numbers of over 4000 students with ease.  

2. Project Title: Crime Analysis Using Sequential Patterns (.Net) 

 While employing .net as the backend, facilitated to read and analyze the huge database of 

criminal records of the police department. 

 Mining of sequential patterns in a transactional database is time-consuming due to its 

complexity. By counting over appended data sequences instead of entire updated 

database in most cases, fast filtering patterns found in last mining and successive 

candidate sequence reductions together make efficient update on sequential patterns 

possible. 

Curricular Activities: 

 Participated in world’s largest Robot competition-Guinness Book of records held at IIT 

Bombay. 

 Achieved a certificate of coordination in recognition of outstanding effort and support for 

the Major project. 

 Actively participated in a national workshop on Network Implementation and Security, 

organized by IIT Delhi and Network Bulls. 

 Participated in a national workshop on “EMERGING TRENDS IN CLOUD 

COMPUTING & BIG DATA”. 

 Participated in Android App Development, a workshop conducted by Technophilia 

systems. 

 Achieved runner up in throw ball in National Fest conducted in international college fest. 

Personal Strengths: 

 Able to work as an individual and as a team. 

 Good listener and outspoken. Strong analytical and organizational skills. 

 Easily adapt to any environment. 

 Excellent communication skills. 

 Quick learner, willing to learn new things. 

Declaration: 

I hereby declare that with the above qualifications and experience, I can handle my job 

responsibilities with utmost confidence and finesse.  



SahityaGade 


