


















































CURRICULAM VITAE
								
Durgesh B. Upadhyay
Mob. No. 9022826804							
Address: - C/201, Accord Apartment				
Tank lane, Off. M.G. Road, 						
Dhanukar wadi, Mahavir Nagar,						
 Kandivali Village, Kandivali (W),							
 Mumbai 400 067.

Career Objective       

To pursue growth of my career in a competitive and challenging work environment which will enable me to learn, grow and substantially build on my knowledge acquired during the course of my study and at the same time give me an opportunity to contribute to the growth of organization where I work.

Education Qualification

	1.  Bachelor of Commerce from Purvanchal University (Passed in Year 2009).
2.  12th Std. from Khair Industrial Inter College, Basti (Passed in Year 2006).
3.  10th Std. from Janta Inter College Nagar Bazar, Basti (Passed in Year 2004).

Organizational Experience

1. Aum Sai Construction Pvt. Ltd.: - Working Experience of 2 Years, Sep-11 to Jan-14 as Junior Accountant and have worked in various areas as :

·  Book kipping in Tally ERP 9.

· Bank Reconciliation, Cash Flow, Fund Flow. 

· Assistant in Tax Audit of Various Proprietorship Businesses.

 Working on Service Tax.

 TDS Return Filling. 
                                                                                                                                                              
  
2. Raj Builders & Developers: - Working Experience of 4 Years Jan-14 to Current as an Accountant and have worked in various areas as:

· Handling all entries Like Sales, Purchase, Journal Maintain in Tally ERP 9.  

· Bank Reconciliation, Cash Flow, Fund Flow. 

· Team Leader in Internal Audit of Raj Builders & Developers.

· Assistant in Stock Audit and Physical verification of Assets of Raj Builders & Developers.

· Working in TDS Return.

· Working on Service tax return.

· Preparing Balance Sheet of Proprietorship Company Raj Builders & Developers.

· Working on RERA Audit.

· Book kipping in Tally ERP. GST version with all adjustment. 

· Working on GST returns.

              
Computer Skills

1. Basic of computer.

2. Working Knowledge of MS-Office.

3. Working Knowledge of Internet.

4.   Financial accounting on Various Software (Tally 7.2,9 ERP,)

5.   Experience of working in software like Tally 9 ERP.

Personality Traits

Hobbies Listening music, Travelling, Net surfing, Playing cricket

Qualities      Disciplined, Honest & Smart working. 

Strengths

  Analytical mind to identify problems and implement effective solution.

  Flexible by nature.

  Positive Attitude.

  Hard working & Self Confident. 

  Capable to work in Team.

Personal Profile

Name 					:	Durgesh B. Upadhyay
Date of Birth				:	July 20th 1989.
Father’s Name				:	Shree Bhawanifer Upadhyay
Mother’s Name				:	Smt. Gayatri B. Upadhyay
Marital Status				:	Married
Religion					:	Hinduism
Nationality					:	Indian
Language Known		:	Hindi, English, Gujrati 

Declaration
I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars.
Date:                    
                                                                                           
Place: Mumbai						(Durgesh B. Upadhyay)

