













































Amol Khandu Gade

403, Jay Prachi Home,
Plot no.167/168, Sector-21,
Kamothe, Email: amolgade07@gmail.com
Navi Mumbai - 410 209. Cell No.:  8898072175

Carrier Summary

4+ years of experience in Microsoft SQL Server Development, Report Design. Experience in
Customization and development of ERP System. Database backup, restore, performance tuning,
SQL profiler, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS etc.

Having experience in creating database object such as Table, View, writing stored procedure,
UDFS, usage of triggers and indexes to facilitate efficient data manipulation and data
Consistency.

Having good experience in Designing and developing the sql server integration services SSIS
packages with different control flow tasks and data flow transformation, Securing package and
developing package

Hand on experience and outstanding knowledge in building and developing reports in SSRS by
using SQL server reporting service-SSRS

Ability to quickly grasp any new technologies and concepts.
Strong programming, analytical and interpersonal skills and client interaction skills
Effective in working independently and collaboratively in teams.

Work Experience

1. Currently working as a Sr. Technical Analyst for Udyog Software (I) Ltd from Jun 2014-present.

2. Working as a Network Engineer for Orient Technology Pvt. Ltd., Mumbai from Oct 2012 to April
2013

3. Working as a Database Administrator for Infotek Netalia Pvt. Ltd., Mumbai from July 2011 to July
2012

Educational Qualification

Course Institute Medium of
Schooling

Year of
Passing

%/Grade

BSC.IT Mumbai University English 2011 61.14 %

H.S.C Mumbai University English 2008 52.67%

S.S.C Maharashtra State
Board

Marathi 2006 51.86%



Technical Skills

Programming Language C#.Net. ,FoxPro 9.0

Microsoft Technologies Visual Data Tool, SSMS, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS

Database SQL Server, Oracle 10G

Software Tools Visual Studio 2010/2013, SQL Server 2005/2008 R2,

Documentation Microsoft Office(Word, Excel)

Projects:

1. Visual Udyog Standard, Professional, Usquare, Enterprises (Company Products)

Roles and Responsibilities:

Creating staging Database for temporary process of data, consolidating data and loading database
using integration services

Developed stored procedure, functions and views

Used Control Flow Tasks like for Loop Container, For Each Loop Container, Execute SQL Task
and Data Flow Task. Extensively used Derived Column. Data Conversion conditional split and
Aggregate.

Creating Packages on SSIS by using different data Transformations like Derived column,
Lookup, Conditional Split Merge Join Sort and Execute SQL Task to load data into database.

Scheduling reports using Reporting services to E-mail with an attachment in the desired format of
report to the top management.

As per requirements, rendering the reports in the form of Excel and .CSV formats for each
module with credentials

Importing Source/Target tables from the respective Databases by using Excute SQL Task using
Control Tasks in SQL Server 2008 Integration services.

Created Transformations and Mappings using Data Flow Tasks Also created Event Handler for
the Packages Using Event Handler Tab.

Understand Report Specification document and designing the reports based on Report
Specification document which meets the client requirement.

Tools used: SSIS,SSRS,SQL Server 2008 R2, Crystal report



2. NPR (National Population Registration)

Roles and Responsibilities:
Tools used: SQL Server 2005
Role: Installation, Maintaining the master databases, set backup, restore database, Analysis,
SQL profile, database tuning advisor, Client/server connectivity, etc

Team Size: 5

KEY STRENGTH:

Customer Service: Recognized ability to communicate effectively with a range of individuals from
different cultures and backgrounds

Problem solving: Ability to apply a logical approach to problem solving that minimized conflict and
creates positive outcomes. Commended capabilities in making other individuals understand reasons for
proposed resolutions.

Collaborative Team Member: Ability to collaborate team members.

About Me
Date of Birth 7th May 1991

Marital Status Single

Gender Male

Nationality Indian

Interests Listening Music, and Travelling

Declaration:
I hereby declare that the abovementioned information is true to the best of my knowledge and I bear

responsibility for the same.

PLACE: Pune DATE:

(Amol Gade )


