










































JULY 22, 2018 SNEHA CHANDRAN RESUME 1  

Sneha Chandran 
SOFTWARE DEVELOPER 

Venattu Padeettathil, Njakkanal P.O, Krishnapuram, Alappuzha, Kerala, India -  

  (+91) 81-3688-6263   |    snehakurup.sk@gmail.com   |    sneha chandran   |   DOB: 8 April 1994 

Citizenship:   Indian 

 

Summary    

Engineer having expertise with 1+ years primarily in IT domain, has extensive experience of assisting in application 

development and upgrading of database systems. A quick learner who wish to build a career as an IT professional on the 

foundation of my training and education to apply myself for learning and growing with the organization and contributing to its growth. 
 

  IT Skills    
     Languages                    C, C#.Net 

     Technologies                   ADO.Net, ASP.Net 

Database                  Oracle 10g, SQL Server 

Web Technology          HTML, CSS, JavaScript 

Application Software  MS-Office 

  

 Work Experience    

Thoughtline Technologies Pvt Ltd. Trivandrum, India 

SOFTWARE DEVELOPER Jan. 2017 – April 2018 

• Part of SQL Server Conversion Project (Converting SQL Server 2008 to 2014). 

• Part of E-commerce Website Development team using PHP, HTML and WordPress. 

• Part of Windows Application Development project using .NET and SQL. 
 

 IT Training    

Faith InfoTech India Pvt Ltd.                                                                                                                                             Trivandrum, India                                     

• 6 months IT Career program with specialization in .Net which helped to build good foundation in programming concepts, 

database and gained confidence to implement windows application using ADO.NET and web applications using C# and 

ASP.NET. 

 

Projects During Training    
 

  Retail Management System 

• A Windows based application implemented using C# and ADO.Net that completely automates the end to end process of 

retail management system. The project has three users - Inventory, manager and sales person. 

 Online Shopping System 

• A web based application implemented using C# and ASP.NET that describes an online shopping system with three clients - 

Inventory, Manager and User. 

• Identifying Usecases and actors and designing of database tables and SQL queries. 

• Performing validations and developing programs using C#. 

 

Strengths    
• Team player 

• Possess problem solving and decision-making skills 

• Strong leadership skills 

• Ability to handle risks with in a time bound 

• Self-motivated with acute client focus. 

• Flexible and able to take ownership with in tight deadlines. 

 

 

mailto:snehakurup.sk@gmail.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/sneha-kurup-875725165/


JULY 22, 2018 SNEHA CHANDRAN RESUME 2  

 

 

 

 

 

 

Education    
 

COURSE INSTITUTION BOARD/UNIVERSITY YEAR %/CGPA 

B.E - Computer 
Science 

King College of Technology Anna University 2016 7.69 

         Class XII MSM Higher Secondary           

School 

Kerala Board 2012 75 

           Class X Pope Pious X1 Higher 
Secondary School 

Kerala Board 2010 87 

 

Academic Projects    
 

   Privacy Preserving Ranked Multi Keyword Search for Multi-Data Owners in Cloud Computing 

• Dynamically changing password generation together by user and administration server for securing data from hackers. 

 

 Achievements    
 

• Presented a paper on the topic “BLUEBRAIN” and got first price in technical symposium. 

• Class topper in sixth semester university exam 

 

Extra-Curricular Activities    
 

• Attended many school level and state level cultural competitions 

• Member of National Service Scheme (NSS) 

• Interested in Dancing. 

 

References  
 

• Merlin Sherine: (HR) Thoughtline Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Technopark, Trivandrum Tel: +9207748435 

• D.Manikanda Prabhu: (HOD) Computer Science Department, King College of Technology, Nalloor,Namakkal  Tel: 

9176672626 

• Jennifer Gilbert: (HR cum Trainer) Faith InfoTech Academy,Trivandrum   Tel: +919447154186 

 

Personal Profile  

       Father’s Name :   Mr.Ramachandrakurup 

       Mother’s Name :   Mrs. Mani Chandran 

       Present Address :   Room no: 402, Brundavanam Apartments, Bandari Layout, Nizampet, Hyderabad,  

                                                                                     500090. 

        Languages Known :   English, Malayalam, Tamil. 

 

 

 




