









































Microsoft Word - Sadiq Hussain Wipro-WellsFargo


Sadiq Hussain            Ph. No +91 953 352 7474 
H. No 12-2-786/11/1,           Email Address: sadiqhussain.in@yahoo.com 
Midway Colony, Mehdipatnam, 
Hyderabad- 500028, 
Telangana State, India. 

Carrier Objectives 
I am seeking an opportunity to work in an esteemed organization where I can enhance my skills which will 
help in the growth of the organization. 

Educational Qualification 

 

Subject/ 
Specialization 

College/ University Year of 
passing 

Percentage 

MTech in Software 
Engineering 

Azad College of Engineering & Technology 
affiliated to JNTU Hyderabad. 

2015 74% 

BTech in Information 
Technology 

Vivekananda Institute of Technology & 
Science affiliated to JNTU Hyderabad. 

2013 64% 

Intermediate in M.P.C Manjira Junior College affiliated to Board of 
Intermediate 

2009 60% 

SSC Anwar Urdu High School affiliated to Board 
of Secondary Education Andhra Pradesh 

2007 73% 

Work Experience 
Company Name: Wipro Limited. 
Designation: Technical Support Specialist 
Process: Technology Connection 
Duration: July 2018 to Present  
Roles and Responsibilities: 
Wells Fargo Windows 10 Migration Support 

- Windows 10 new laptops, Desktops and VDIs first time setup, Data Migration, Applications 
installation and access troubleshooting, Network and Local Printers installation and troubleshooting. 

- Network Drives Mapping, Business Software support, VPN Access troubleshooting. 
- Single point of contact for the United States Wells Fargo’s Team Members post migration to 

Windows 10. 
- BMC Remedy PAC2000, Cisco Finesse, Cisco IP Communicator and CTIOS call logging system. 
- Raising incidents, resolving issues and closing the tickets in BMC Remedy PAC 2000 for Laptops, 

VDIs and Desktops. 
- Escalate unresolved issues to the concerned support teams according to Team Member's LOB (Line 

of Business). 
- Windows AD Password Resetting, Unlocking AD Account, Applications support: Skype for 

Business, Outlook, One Note, Pulse Secure Access VPN and installation of software from distributed 
server locations.  

- Maintaining AHT, Ticket to Call ratio, FCR, etc... 
- Tools: -BMC Remedy PAC2000, Cisco Finesse, Cisco IP Communicator, CTIOS, VMware 

Vsphere, Director, APS (password reset), LAN central, WARP, MyED Pulse Secure Access VPN, 
WebRH(Check Point FDE), AD Helpdesk Manager. 

 
 
 
 



Company Name: Elite IT Services India Pvt. Ltd. 
Designation: Project Engineer 
Duration: March 2016 to December 2017  
Roles and Responsibilities: 
Project-1: 
BSNL MPLS NOC-Huawei 

- Monitoring the BSNL MPLS Network., Local (IP) & IPLC (International Gate Ways Provider                 
Routers), Provider Edge Routers and Customer Edge LAN Switches. 

- Troubleshooting backbone, enterprise customer’s networks. 
- Tools: WhatsUp GOLD, BSNL Remedy IT Service Management. 

Project-2: 
BSNL Next Generation Network- Huawei Phase 2 

- End to End Service in Huawei L3 LSWs s9306 and Line Media Gate Ways UA5000 integration. 
- Monitoring and Troubleshooting the Unified Network and SIP Protocol. 
- Tools: Unified Network Management System U2000. 

Achievements: 
- Huawei appreciated my swift learning, protocols troubleshooting and project implementation via e-

mail. 
 
Company Name: Javi Systems India Pvt. Ltd. 
Designation: Network Engineer 
Duration: September 2015 to December 2015  
Roles and Responsibilities: 
Project-1: 
Bharti Airtel MSAN- Huawei Phase 1 

- End to End Service in Huawei L3 LAN Switch MA5600T integration. 
- Troubleshooting the Network, RDP Support to Site Engineers and Customer. 

Project-2: 
Reliance Jio Infocomm Ltd. NOC- Ericsson 

- Auditing the proposed & live network topologies. 
- Troubleshooting the Networking Protocols MPLS, BGP, ISIS, LDP, OSPF and RDP Support to field 

engineers. 
- Tools: Reliance Jio Infocomm Limited Portal. 

Achievements: 
- Huawei appreciated work through reports for satisfying the customer. 
- Ericsson and Reliance Jio appreciated my swift learning and hard work.  

Technical Skills 
 
Operating Systems: Windows 7, Windows 10, Linux and MAC 
Packages: MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS Paint, MS Access 
Networking Platforms: Cisco, Huawei and Juniper. 
Networking: Routing, switching, security, networking protocols troubleshooting, network troubleshooting, 
            network monitoring, MPLS VPN, Pulse Secure VPN Network Access.  

 
 

 

 



Projects 
Scalable System for Stealthy P2P-Botnet Detection 
-A group of bots are referred to as “botnet”. Botnets are remotely controllable by a server and can send spam 
emails, stealing personal information and launching DDoS attacks. 
-A Botnet detection mechanism is proposed by monitoring DNS traffic to detect botnets, which form a 
group of activities in DNS queries simultaneously sent by distributed botnets.  
 
Online Election Management system 
- Online Election Management System Web 3.0 is a fully web-based software. By using this we can avoid 
manual voting. This takes less time and increases the security. And decreases the cost. 
-Complete system is controlled by administrator (Election commission). The voter has to register for voting 
process and then he can vote directly by online. 

Hobbies 
-Watching the Sci-Fi movies, TV shows and documentaries. 
-Surfing the internet. 
-Hanging out with friends. 

Positive Traits 
-I am an optimistic person and have the capability to work with perseverance. 
-I can easily adapt to any type of work environment. 
-I am a swift learner and have an ability to learn different skills. 
-I also believe in honesty and hard work because honesty is the best policy and hard work always pays. 

Personal Details 
Name: Sadiq Hussain 
Date of Birth: 28th February 1992 
Father’s Name: Altaf Hussain 
Marital Status: Single 
Nationality: Indian 
Languages Known: English and Urdu. 

Declaration 
I hereby declare that all the information mentioned above is true to my knowledge. 
 
 
 
Date: 
Place: Hyderabad           Signature 


