















































AVINASH ANKUSH GHODKE 
D/103 Prabhat Nagar, Rai Village, Uttan Road Bhayandar-West Thane 401101 

E-mail: avinash210@gmail.com 
Cell: 9967702232 

 
CAREER OBJECTIVE 

Seeking an opportunity in an organization for the Technical Support and looking forward to give the organization 

my experience to increase their profit and provide all the dedication towards increasing their value in the market. 

PROFILE SUMMARY 

✓ 8 Years of experience in capital market domain and Back Office functionalities. 

✓ 7 Years of experience in writing SQL queries, troubleshooting issues, application support functions. 

✓ Good Knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) Of Capital Market. 

✓ Sound knowledge of Database Administration capabilities (Particularly Oracle & SQL Server). 

✓ Knowledge of large well-known RDBM’s such as Oracle and SQL Databases. 

✓ Knowledge of Oracle installation, migration, backup and recovery scenarios. 

✓ Hands on Oracle Database backup using RMAN and Data Pump. 

✓ Good client interaction skills, Ability to deal with pressure and work with deadlines. 

✓ Sound Knowledge of Back Office process like Account Opening, Billing, and Pay in Payout of Securities and 

Finance. 

✓ Execution of administrative tasks and duties like managing the servers, handling the logs and calling the 

clients to support them on their problems. 

✓ Experience in using tools like SQL Profiler and performance counters for Monitoring and Tuning MS SQL 

Server Performance. 

✓ Experience in to coordinating with business and IT across all phase of software development life cycle. 

✓ Handling various activities of the project like information gathering, analyzing the information gathered, 

documenting the functional or business requirements. 

 

CAREER PROFILE 

 

Company Name: Reliance Securities Limited Known as a Reliance Capital Company 

Role: Assistant Manager - IT 

Durations: April 2018 to Till Date 

Responsibilities: 

✓ Providing Back Office Application functional, technical and Database support. 

✓ Updation and Implementation of Class and Cims Back Office Applications. 

✓ Pre-Production testing of new updates given by Class back Office Application vendor. 

✓ Co-ordinating with Miles team for application requirements & changes implementation. 

✓ SQL Query Optimization to ensure faster response of Database. 

✓ SQL Database Indexing and Database Shrinking for Back Office Applications performance. 

✓ Alerts and jobs creation as per user or application requirements. 

✓ Create new application and database users as required. 

✓ Functional and Technical support to DP office application like DP Secure & Cross. 

✓ Provide the data to Users or Auditors as per requirement by querying the SQL and Oracle Servers. 
 



Company Name: Kisan Ratilal Choksey Shares & Securities Pvt Ltd. Known as KRChoksey 

Role: Sr. Executive - Application IT 

Durations: April 2016 to April 2018 

Responsibilities: 

✓ Providing Trading Back Office Application and Database support. 

✓ Responsible for providing technical support to the end users and solving their problems. 

✓ Updation and Implementation of Class and Soham Back Office Applications. 

✓ Involved in the process of Databases Maintenance including MS SQL Server 2008 and Oracle10g. 

✓ User and database security management i.e. creating users, roles, granting permissions, policies etc. 

✓ Security Management, Backup-Restore, Monitoring SQL Jobs. 

✓ Deploying the application on test servers and testing for any issues and then deploying on live. 

✓ Solving the request raised by user support in Back Office Applications. 

✓ Writing SQL queries and View creation as requirement of an applications and end users. 

✓ Perform general technical troubleshooting (restarting server, kill sessions of user connection, resolving 

the performance issues, connection-related issues) 
 

Company Name: Apex Softcell (India) Pvt Ltd known as "LIDHA DIDHA" (LD). 

Role: Application Support Executive 

Durations: March 2011 to March 2016 

Responsibilities: 

✓ Providing 24x7 onsite Application and remote database support to our clients. 

✓ Installing and upgrading the Oracle server and application server, Backup and restoring the database. 

✓ Creation of Windows Application Server and application client node machine. 

✓ Analyzing software requirements along with Clients department or In-house development team. 

✓ Preliminary In-house testing of new development in application. 

✓ DDL deployment requests (Table creation, View Creation). 

✓ Installation and implementation of application and patches as per changes in Exchanges. 

✓ Handling the capacity issues, planning the current and future storage requirements for the database 

management system. 

✓ Coordinated extensively with applications development team in day-to-day problem solving relate to 

database and applications. 

✓ Database Recovery with Oracle’s User Managed and RMAN utility. Knowledge of recovering lost control 

files, data files and Redo log files. 

✓ Continuously following up with the key accounts to understand their requirements, and accommodate 

change requests 

✓ Maintain Test Database Environment for software update management to check new functionality or 

check some critical tasks before deploying to the Production server. 

 

 

Company Name: Joindre Capital Services Pvt Ltd. 

Role: Back Office Executive 

Durations: March 2010 to March 2011 



Responsibilities: 

✓ Clients CSM payout and Maintaining of Client Pay in - Payout of funds. 

✓ Controlling Over Client's Position & Margin in FNO Segment. 

✓ Reconciliation of client account. 

✓ Corresponding with NSE and BSE regarding all trade related queries. 

✓ Solving the clients and Branches queries in regular period. 

✓ Preparation of Margin reporting and FNO Collection from Clients. 

✓ Co-ordinating with LD Team for software Updation and implementation. 

 

TECHNICAL SKILLS 

Possesses in-depth knowledge in: 
✓ Oracle11g and Oracle10g  
✓ MS SQL Server 2005/2008/2012 
✓ IIS Web Server 

 
Tools used and in-depth knowledge in: 

✓ PL SQL Developer, Toad 
✓ MS SQL Server Management Studio, MS SQL Profiler 

 
EDUCATION QUALIFICATIONS   

✓ Post graduate (M. Com) with Finance in 2008 with first class (60 %) from University of Mumbai. 

✓ B. Com with Computer Application in 2006 with first class (68 %) from University of Mumbai. 

PERSONAL DETAILS 

Age: 32 

Date of Birth: 02nd, October 1985 

Marital status: Married 

Nationality: Indian 

Mother Tongue: Marathi 

Languages Known: English Hindi & Marathi. 

 

DECLARATION 

I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge and I am also confident 

of my ability to work in a team. 

 

 

 

(AVINASH A. GHODKE) 


