















































 
 

CURRICULAM VITAE 

 
Priyansh Kumar 

E-Mail ID: k.priyansh@yahoo.com 
 

 PERSONAL PARTICULARS 
 
Date of Birth     : 11th May 1983 

Permanent Address    : PriyanshKumar%Shri Sudheer Singh 

Vill+Post-Bhatasa 

Distt.-Farrukhabad(UP) 

Pin-207502 

Present Employer    : SIS INDIA LTD  
Linguistic Abilities    : English, Hindi 

Hobbies       : Sports  

Contact Nos.     : 09956012003 

 

  

 CAREER OBJECTIVE 
 

Practices for the growth of the organization in competitive global market and aspire to make a bright 

career, where I can cope up with challenging tasks with innovative ideas. 

 

 EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS 
 
Name of the 

Examination  

School/Board Passing Year % Divn/ 
Grade 

SSC (10th) 
UP Board, Allahabad  

1999 59.5 
2nd Class 

HSC (12th) 
UP Board, Allahabad  

2001 58.6 
2nd Class 

Graduation 
C.S.J.M. 

University,Knp. 

 

2004 

 

56.7 

 

2nd Class 

Diploma in Information 

Technology 

Government 

Polytechnic Kanpur 2008 75 1st Class 

 

 CURRENT EMPLOYER 
 

Presently working in “Security & intelligence Services (india) Ltd”  an ISO 9001:2008 

company as Area officer ,  since 03 Aug 2017. 

 

 

Present Responsibilities & Authorities are as follows:- 

 

 Overall in-charge of the 28 unit Operation as well as admistration. 
 Recruitment, Induction & Training, Appraisals field team. 
 Guide the team/colleagues to achieve the smooth working atmosphere. 
 Overall checking of attendance, leave, Absenteeism & discipline. 
 Monitoring overall Personnel, HR matters of individual unit at sites. 
 Co-ordinate & follow up of short listing of candidates. 
 Client Coordinator resolve grievances within time line. 
 Follow up collection to avoid financial crisis of company.  
 Preparation and scrutiny of daily work. 
 

 



 

 PREVIOUS EMPLOYER 
 

 

(A) NSN-TTSL Project (June 2009 –  Dec 2009): -  
I Worked in UP WEST Circle as a PROJECT ENGG. A highly enthusiasts, dynamic and 

spirited middle level manager with conscious determination seeking to shoulder assignments in 

Finance/Funds Management, Planning, Training, and General Administration with a growth 

oriented organization/company.  

           I Worked in HAYDRABAD as a PROJECT ENGG. Handling the manpower & clients at 

various stages, Asset Management, Transport Management, Manpower Budgeting and 

Cost Budgeting. Administration of entire project..  

 

(B) NISA INDUSTRIAL SERVICE PVT( Feb 2010-Dec-2017):-   

I worked in “NISA Industrial Services Pvt. Ltd”  an ISO 9001:2008 company as      MIS 

Coordinator,  since 19 Feb 2010. Looking over entire administration of NISA Industrial 

Services Pvt. Ltd in UP(E) region, Also liaise and coordination with external agencies. Overall 

control over entire recruitment process for Regional office as well as different sites, Office 

Automations and daily/monthly payments of entire staff of NISA Industrial Services Pvt. Ltd. 

Keep track on Timely payments of various venders/suppliers of NISA Industrial Services Pvt. 

Ltd. Managing the time office- Attendance & Leave Management.  

 

Present Responsibilities & Authorities are as follows:- 
 

Overall in-charge of the division. 

Recruitment, Induction & Training, Appraisals & Confirmations. 

Guide the team/colleagues to achieve the smooth working atmosphere. 

Overall checking of attendance, leave, Absenteeism & discipline. 

Monitoring overall Personnel, HR matters at R.H. & at sites. 

Co-ordinate & follow up of short listing of candidates. 

Organize all activities for selection of employees. 

Preparation and scrutiny of daily work. 

 

 

 

 

 KEY STRENGTHS AND MANAGERIAL EXPERIENCE 
 

 
 Human Resource Management (Controlling/organizing/ coordinating etc.) for team. 
 Monitoring of movements of personnel, assessment of performance of subordinates. 
 Data collection, Analysis and preparation of strategic planning. 
 Ensuring smooth activities and operation related function. 
 Executing cost saving and energy saving measures. 
 Planning/Execution of orders regarding utilization of man and material and customer relationship. 
 Proficient in grievance handling, disciplinary action & maintenance of harmonious employee 

relation. 

 Event Management and liaison with civil authorities. 
 Material resource planning FORECASTING and sourcing for procurement of various stocks to 

maintain smooth flow. 

 Maintain professional relationships with all channels of recruitment, training and development. 
 Managing the time office- Attendance & Leave Management, Salary. 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 PERSONAL STRENGTH 
 

 Over the years my job profile has provided an excellent platform to train myself to 

handle complex and formidable tasks single handedly with the latest knowledge through 

various on job training and has nurtured a positive attitude in my approach towards work 

during sever pressure and stress conditions.  The vast and rich experience in the field has 

enabled me to adapt new and challenging roles with relative ease.  A relentless die-hard 

approach in achieving self as well as organizational established goals and an extreme sense of 

devotion to duty and loyalty to the organization has been my hallmark of my carrier. Excellent 

communication and presentation skills. Pleasing and presentable personality. Good planner 

with a high level of energy and initiative. Result oriented individual. Willing to travel pan 

India for work and imparting training to team. Excellent team management skills. Good 

motivator & people manager 

 

  

      PRIYANSH KUMAR  

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

  
 

 
 

 
 



 


	 PERSONAL PARTICULARS
	 CAREER OBJECTIVE
	 EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS
	 CURRENT EMPLOYER
	 PREVIOUS EMPLOYER
	 KEY STRENGTHS AND MANAGERIAL EXPERIENCE
	 PERSONAL STRENGTH


