














































Manjunath Resume


Priyadharshini  K 

Bangalore , India  

 

Contact No: +919739542565 Email :Priyakumaresan5@gmail.com 

 

 

Experience Summary: 

 

Presently working on Senior Sterling Integrator Application (EDI) developer at IBM 

INDIA PVt Ltd, Bangalore.  Have total of 6 years and 8 months of relevant 

experience in IT industry, in the field of B2B/EDI Technologies. Worked for Retail and 

Logistics & Chemicals and Petroleum domains, Worked on File translation & 

transformation communication between trading partners including Analysis, Design, 
Development, Maintenance, Migration, Enhancement and Production Support 24/5. 

 

 

Designation :   Senior Software Engineer  

Domain  :   Retail & Logistics, Chemicals and Petroleum 

Skills  :   Experience in GIS on UNIX, SI on Windows/Unix, SFG, PGP,          

OTM, SSP, SCC, SEAS & Protocols as HTTP/HTTPs, FTP, SFTP & 

Connect: Direct 

Standards :   ANSI X12, EDIFACT 

Text Editor :   Ultraedit, Text Pad, Beyond compare & Notepad++ 

 

 

Professional Experience: 

 

 Developed around 80 Business Processes in SI  

Major Services used in the Process Development are 

 SFTP, FTP and HTTP/HTTPs, Connect : Direct (CD) 

 JDBC adapter’s, Mailbox services, SMTP adapters 

 PGP Encryption and Decryption, 

 X12Envelope,EDI Encoder, EDI Envelope 

 EDI De-envelope 

 XML Encoder 

 Used Property files in the BPs. 

 Developed/Modified around 45 -50 SI and GIS Maps,  

 XML to CSV,XML to EDI,XML to Positional  

 EDI to Positional, EDI to CSV 

 Worked on Positional to SQL maps 

 Document Extraction Maps. 

 Involved in On-Boarding OTM (TL, LTL and Outbound) Carriers setup, AS2 

setup and data testing (204,214 & 990) in SI.                                 

 Created SFG Partners for CD & SFTP Partners, RCT (both Static and Dynamic) 

along with PGP Encryption & Decryption RCT and Channels in SFG. 

 Created HTTP/HTTPs, SFTP & CD Adapters, Netmap configuration in SSP. 

 Worked CD Installation activities on UNIX, Windows for all internal servers, 

Also participated with AWS CD implementation activities. 

 

 

 

 

 



 

 

 

 

Project Details: 

 

Company Name: IBM INDIA PVT Ltd, Bangalore - April 2015 - Till Date 
(2.5 years) 
 
Project #1:  August 2016 to Till Date 

 

Client: One of the largest integrated Oil and Gas Company in UK operations around 

the World. 

 

 Title : Sterling Enhancement Implementation Project  & ELS Support 

 

 Description: Project involves the new enhancement implementation as per 

the project requirements. Gathering the new partner’s inputs & implement 

the file transformation within Sterling application’s.  

 

 Roles and Responsibilities 

 

1) Worked on Enhancement related implementation activities on my client 

system and make sure that all request's deliverables were finished on 

time. Implemented around 90+ Enhancement request's deliverables in 

the Project.     

2) Worked as Sterling Enhancement Team Leader, To understand the 

business requirements and communicated for both business and 

technical level implementation within the team.   

3) Guided the enhancement team members in the right path of execution 

/configuration in the sterling environment, Like preferred the client 

supported Protocol CD, SFTP & HTTP/ HTTPS which is going to be 

suitable on the internal & external Partners. 

4) Implemented/ executed the few easy automated processes in the 

project as per project architecture with help of Project SME's 

5) Creation of SFG Partners, their corresponding channel and Template for 

the partners with FTP, SFTP, CD and PGP groups in SFG.Involved in 

partner’s HTTP/ HTTPs configuration in SSP, Creation of mailboxes and 

automated Routing rule creation in SI. 

6) Involved in AWS Cloud CD configuration, Worked on Shared instances 

CD Partners configuration, Import & Export all internal partners CD 

Configuration under one roof. 

7) Validation of Partners PGP Keys in PGP system, Configured PGP 

Encryption and decryption services in SI & SFG. 

8) Understand the importance of incident tickets priority as per the BP 

SLA’s and also effectively resolved on the assigned incident tickets on 

timely manner. Involved in Business Process creation/ modification as 

part of Enhancement. Also deployed and scheduled the BP’s in SI. 

9) Mentoring and guiding the juniors in the team. 

 

 

 

 



 

Project #2:  February 2016 to July 2016 – 6 Months 

 

     Client: One of the largest integrated Oil and Gas Company in UK operations 

around the World. 

  

 Title : SI Migration & Cutover Wave 2 Project & Production ELS Support  

 

 Description: Project involves Partners on-boarding in SI (SFTP/ CD Partners) 

& relevant file transaction flow’s (Interface’s creation & RCT) between 

internal & external partners in SFG. 

 

 Roles and Responsibilities 

 

1) As part of Project Cutover & Migration Plan, have implemented the 

Batch1, 2 and 3 3 set of interfaces (around 500+ file transformation 

workflows) moved in to SFG production environment simultaneously 

and will be provided the relevant support on the Project production 

implementation process.  

2) As part of ELS Team, will be providing the real time support for all 

production Go-Live interfaces. Effectively coordinated with Deployment 

and Cutover teams for the production implementation process as per 

Wave2 Master Plan. 

3) Created “N” of Partners for both CD & SFTP Protocols, RCT (Dynamic) 

and PGP Encryption & decryption Channels in SFG. 

4) Developing and testing with customized Business processes in SI as per 

project Architecture. 

5) Involved in End to End customer/vendors testing and getting Sign off 

for Production Movement. 

6) Well-preserved all Sterling Applications as SSP, SFG, Connect: Direct, 

SEAS, Control Center, GUI and Sterling DB. Also, maintaining all the 

BAU activities and relevant monitoring tasks as part of the ELS and 

production support team 

 

 

Project #3: April 2015 to January 2016– 9 Months 

 

     Client: One of the largest integrated Oil and Gas Company in UK operations 

around the World. 

 

 Title: Migration Project –From MFT/XML Gateway to “SFG and SSP” 
applications & Production Support. 

 

 Description: The Project involves the Migration from XML Gateway to SSP 

(Wave 1) & MFT to SFG Migration (Wave 2) Projects on SI(Unix) along with 

Production Support. 

 

 Roles and Responsibilities 

1) Wave 1: SSP Implementation - The XML Gateway process where moved 

into SSP with HTTP/ HTTP’s connections along with individual Ports & 

Adapter’s & Netmap configuration in the SSP environment and also 

implemented new partner on-boarding in SSP application. 



2) Wave 2: SFG Implementation - It’s the very huge process, SFG is going 

to replace all MFT process in the as per Project Architecture. Presently 

the team will mainly focus on this implementation process. To be 

import all the existing MFT process into SFG Application and also 

concentrated on new process set up in SFG application  

3) Monitored all BAU activities and also keen monitored of all sterling 

applications support (SSP, SI, SFG, SEAS & SCC) activities as per 

Project Wave2 process 

4) Keen monitored BP Database and checked the DB space usage 

periodically. 

5) Investigated Sterling applications Server logs for error, failures, and 

status and connection issues during file transmission. 

6) Report all the error/ failure log files to the respective teams/POCs. 

7) Understand the importance of incident tickets priority as per the Project 

SLA’s and also work on the assigned incident tickets. 

8) Updating certificates at the time of expiry and also removing expired 

certificates from the SI system. 

9) Generating the daily and Weekly Status Reports. 

 

 

Company Name: Cognizant Technology Solutions, Bangalore – January 
2011 - March 2015, (4.3 years) 
 
Project #4:  January 2014 to March 2015 – 14 months 

 

     Client: One of the leading Retailers in US with around 8000 stores across U.S. 

  

 Title : Migration Project - From Oracle 11i to Oracle R12 

 

 Description: Project involves creation of BP’s in SI & SFG Partners Setup, 

setting up of RCT and Channels in SFG, PGP Partners setup in PGP 

 

 Roles and Responsibilities 

 

1) Involved in Business Process creation as part of migration. Also 

deployed and scheduled the BP’s in SI. 

2) Creation of SFG Partners, their corresponding channel and Template for 

the partners with FTP, SFTP and PGP groups in SFG. 

3) Involved in Partners SSH profiles creation in SI 

4) Involved in creation of mailboxes and automated Routing rule creation 

in SI. 

5) Validation of Partners PGP Keys in PGP system.  

6) Configured PGP Encryption and decryption services in BP’s in SI. 

7) Mentoring and guiding the juniors in the team. 

 

Project #5:  November 2012 to December 2013 – 14 Months 

 

     Client: One of the leading Retailers in US with around 8000 stores across U.S. 

  

 Title : SI development and Support, OTM Process 

 



 Description: Project involves creation of OTM Carriers,AS2 setup, Partners 

Setup, RCT and Channels in SFG, Trading Partner setup, development of 

Maps and creation of BPs in SI. 

 

 Roles and Responsibilities 

 

1) Creating new OTM ON- Boarding Carriers setup in SI. 

2) Involved in 204 and 214 TL, LTL and Outbound map enhancements in 

SI. 

3) Involved in End to End customer testing and getting Sign off for 

Production Movement. 

4) Creating Partners, RCT and Channels in SFG. 

5) Developing and Testing Business processes in SI. 

6) Developing and Testing SI Maps. 

 

 

Project #6: September 2011 to October 2012 – 13 Months 

 

     Client: One of the leading Retailers in US with around 8000 stores across U.S. 

 

 Title: Migration Project – From GIS 4.3 to SI 5.1 and Support.     

     

 Description: The Project involves the Migration and Testing the BPs and 

Maps from GIS on UNIX to SI on Windows. 

 

 Roles and Responsibilities 

1) Involved in migrating the maps from GIS 4.3 to SI 5.1 

2) Involved in Testing the migrated BPs. 

3) Setting up AS2 Profiles and Relationships. 

4) Prepared the Work Flow EDI documents for internal and external use. 

5) Designed and developed Generic Document Extraction Maps for EDI 

Outbound. 

6) Designed and developed Generic Business Processes for HTTP data 

flows. 

 Title: GIS Support, SI Support 

 

 Description: Project involves monitoring and supporting the different Process 

and Transactions which run on GIS server and SI server. 

 

 Roles and Responsibilities 

 

1) Monitoring and processing of Halted BPs. 

2) Monitoring of Inbound errors and reporting the same to the vendors. 

3) Setting up of AS2 Profiles for different Trading partners. 

4) Creating the ST, GS and ISA Envelopes for different transactions. 

5) Worked on EDI transactions 850, 860, 810, 856, 204, 214, 820, 852, 

855, 864, 990, 997 etc. 

6) Identify the root cause for many regularly occurring issues and 

provided new enhancements for them. 

7) Updating certificates at the time of expiry and also removing expired 

certificates from the SI system. 

8) Generating the daily and Weekly Status Reports. 

 



 

 

 

 

Awards and Certification: 

 

 

 Awarded the “IBM PINNACLE” award from Client & IBM team, for 

successfully delivering a high business impact file transfer program, also got 

“One TEAM” best team award from Client for successful completion of 

Migration project. 

 Awarded the “Put the Client First” Award for successful completion of the 

client expectation & also received “Deep Skill Adder” Awards from IBM for 

my skills & performance.  

 Awarded the ”Retail_CZAR” award from Cognizant for my excellent 

performance and keeping up to the client expectation. 

 Awarded the “Above & Beyond the Call of Duty” from client for my work in 

the migration project. 

 Received the “ASP Oscar award” from ASP- BPI Practice from Cognizant. 

 Certified in IBM Sterling B2B Integrator V5.2, Solution Implementation 

with a score of 98%. 

 CCP certified in Java Programmer and also L1- Retail from Cognizant 

Internal Certification Programme. 

  As part of the Practice Connect Core team, I am involved in the Knowledge 

Management initiative activities for the practice and have received Word of 

Appreciation Certificate for my good work.  

 Trained internally in Core Java, Oracle 10g, EAI- EDI, Testing and also 

certified in CAST Software Testing from QAI.  

    

Academic Qualifications: 

 

Degree Course Year Institution Percentage 

BE 
Electronics 

&Communication 
2010 

Anna University, Chennai 
76 

HSC Computer Science 2006 
TamilNadu Higher Secondary 

Education Examination Board 
80 

SSLC 
State Board of 

Tamilnadu 
2004 State Board of Tamilnadu 91 

 

 

OTHERS:  

 Father Name   : M KUMARESAN  

 Date of Birth  : 05-08-1989 

 Passport No.  : J2505015   

 Languages Known : Tamil, English 

 Interests  : Reading, Listening Music, Watching Movies 

 Nationality    : Indian                       


