















































Name

KONAPURE NITIN MANOHAR
Mobile: +91 8087551310
E-Mail: nitin_konapure@rediffmail.com


JOB OBJECTIVE

Seeking assignments with a premier organization in BPO IT Industry where my experience and culinary specialties will be utilized in preparing a wide range in BPO industry.

ORGANISATIONAL EXPERIENCE

Since March’2011 with Wipro BPO, Pune 

Designation- ORDER MANAGER/PROJECT MANAGER 

Role & Responsibility

· Order management – End to end order processing, deliver the service for all BT customers globally, coordinate with in country access suppliers, CPE suppliers and Configuration team to get deliver the order on time. Complete documentation of current status of the order time to time in company tools.
· Client management – Conference call , providing order status, performing  CPE testing
· Giving training to new hires within the team
· Assist the team members in giving solutions in case of any query or problem they face regarding the process
·  End to End order owner
· Handling some of the escalations till resolution

Key Result Areas: 

· Monitoring end to end customer orders along with workflow management
· Marking sure orders are delivered on-time
· Working on reduction of cycle time which helps for revenue realization

Accomplishments: 

· Rewards & recognition from client 


EDUCATION

· B.A. from University of Kolhapur, Solapur in 2005

IT Skills: Well versed with MS Office Suite (Word, Excel & PowerPoint) & Internet Applications

PERSONAL STRENGTHS

· Attitude for learning technical and management skills quickly 
· Hard working & Sincere.
· Positive attitude personality
· Participating in all cultural activities.





PERSONAL DETAILS 

Full Name  							: Nitin Konapure
Age 								: 34 years
Gender 							: Male
Father Name 							: Manohar Konapure
DOB 								: 09– Feb - 1983.
Languages Known				: English, Hindi, Marathi,   Kannada and 
				   Telugu
Permanent Address  						: Nitin Konapure,
B16/202, Swapnanagari CHS,
Indrayani Nagar, Near Talegaon Station,
Talegaon Dabhade.

Present Address						C/o—Kalidas Tulshigar.
								S.No.-28,M.N.-9801/1,Nanded Phata,
								Samarth Nagar,Vadgaon Budruk,
								Pune-411041.

Marital Status 				: Married

Declaration
            
I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.


 Place: 
 Date: 	                                                                                                                                 (Nitin Konapure)
	

