
































Gunjan Patel
+91 9904917650

patel.gunjan1989@gmail.com

 Seeking a challenging position to utilize my skill and abilities in the areas of Human Resource & Administration & 
contribute towards the growth of Organization, based on my expertise and to further my personal capabilities by learning 

from the new exposure within the structured framework of the organization.

PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS

 6 years of experience in Human Resource Management, Administration, & Personnel. 
 Involved in General HR Functions, Administration, & Personnel Management. 
 Office Administration & Handling the Documentations.
 Proficient in MS-Office software, such as Word, Excel, Internet, & E-mailing etc.
 Handled recruitment for staff & Labours.

                    

ORGANIZATIONAL EXPERIENCE
Presently working at Mansa Facility Management Solutions Pvt. Ltd. – A well known service provider which is famous for 
providing manpower in Logistics Company with best quality.

Sr. Executive – (Human Resources)    (Since August - 15)                      Reporting to: Director

      Job Location: Vadodara

HR Activities:
(Attendance & Time Keeping Management, Labour Management, Payroll, Grievances Handling, Salary & Wage 
Calculation, Preparing Offer Letter & Appointment Letter)

 Preparing & Maintaining Time Keeping, Attendance Sheet, Leave Cards & Salary 
Slips etc.

 Handling the Employees personal file & documents.  Handling Employee Database   
  (Both in Soft Form & Files Management)

 Payroll Management
 Processing all supportive activities like PF (Provident Fund), ESIC (Employees State Corporation of India) & PT 

(Professional Tax)
 Local Purchase , Travelling Arrangements, Food Arrangements etc., 
 Contractor Managements.

Previously working With PRATIBHA ENGINEERING SERVICES - A well known service provider which is famous for best 
dill in all types of industrial electrical works & erection works with best quality services.

 



Assistant – HR -Admin (Since March – 12 to July-15) Reporting to: Manager – HR Admin

HR Activities:
(Recruitment, Induction, Attendance & Time Keeping Management, Labour Management, Payroll, Grievances 
Handling, Training & Development, Performance Appraisal & Salary & Wage Calculation)

 Proficient in overseeing smooth implementation of HR policies for manpower planning, recruitment, selection, 
induction, orientation and development of new employees in the organization. 

 Management of Consultancies & Labour Contractors and its recruitment.
 Preparing & Maintaining Time Keeping, Attendance Sheet, Leave Cards & Salary 

          Slips.
 Handling the Employees personal file & documents.  Handling Employee Database   

         (Both in Soft Form & Files Management).
 Payroll Management
 Training & Development Planning & Management.
 Processing all supportive activities like PF (Provident Fund),ESIC & PT (Professional Tax)

Administration Activities:
(Company Site Administration & Management, Security Management) 

 Manage domestic travel requirements of the organization.
 Direct responsibility for Maintenance, housekeeping and security.
 Guest house arrangement local & site wise in mobility location.
 Maintaining clean and healthy surrounding in the company premises
 Management of Tour, Travelling or accommodation of employees or workers deputed at site.
 Arranging special arrangements for receiving and greeting offshore guests.
 Clearing all the vouchers, Bills and invoices.
 Prepare all compliances for all sites as well as office.
 Insurance of vehicles, Office Premises, Sites, Group Insurance, Store Equipments, Maintenance of Vehicles.

 

ACADEMICS

 M.S.W. running 

 B.com in 2010 with pass class.

Personal Attributes and Strength

 Ability to lead & motivate a team to meet organizational goals & deadlines, could work well under pressure. 
Optimistic, enthusiastic & organized.

 Learning Attitude 
 A good Team Player 
 Courageous, Committed towards work, determined and firm in decisions.
 Like to take up challenges and try to solve them through smart work and skills
 Ability to quickly adapt to changes

 



IT SKILLS

 Well versed with Windows, MS Office & Internet Applications.

PERSONAL DETAILS

 Date of Birth : 18th August, 1989
 Address : 48, Jamna Residency, B/H, Reliance Fresh, Near Bhailal Park,

Ajwa-Waghodiya Ring-Road, Vadodara - 390019
 Contact no       :     +91 – 99049 17650

I declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge.

Place: Vadodara

Gunjan Patel


