














































Resume

E. Jayanth Kumar

Address: H.No: 2-167/C, 

Vaninagar, street no: 3,

Malkajgiri, Hyderabad, Mob: 8978783858,

Pin code: 500047. Email: jay9391@gmail.com
PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS

 Working in GENPACT INDIA (a leading BPO company provides business process management, 
technology and analytics services to more than 700 global clients around the world, including more 
than 100 of the Fortune Global 500).

 3 years of experience in Accounts payable. 
 Presently working in Genpact as a  Process Associate from June 23rd, 2014- Present
 Proven skills in managing the work in sync with the corporate set parameters & achieving business 

and individual goals.
   Acting as an escalation gate to resolve critical issues of the team members. 

CORE COMPETENCIES
• Ability to define priorities and meet deadlines.
• Strong analytical and logical skills.
• Willingness to take up responsibilities.
• Ability to handle a task independently.

ORGANISATIONAL EXPERIENCE
Account Payable:

 Processing Invoices like Po, Non-PO, Pre Approved, and AP Holds.
 Ensuring all the invoices are processed with in TAT, with 100% accuracy.
 Processing the workflows (Business forms) like Immediate & expedite request, Non PO 

payment- request, Debit memo request and Discount refund. 
 Handling the critical e-mails & resolving those before 24 hours. 
 Downloading the Backlog report from different operating unit’s web sites and assign the 

work among all associates to allocate the invoice as per TAT. 
 One star Lean certified. 
 Working as IT Spock, Raising SAP authorization tickets for the Team members. 
 Conducting training and supporting new Joiner’s in all the activities in SAP ERPs. 
 Addressing escalation mails from customer on priority.
 Attending client calls when ever scheduled. 
 Helping Business in resolving their holds queue by publishing weekly holds report. 
 Have received multiple appreciations from management & business for my efficiency in 

invoice processing and quality of e-mail response. 
 Played key role for the 4 new Go-Live operating units. 
 Share business exceptions/updates with the team on daily basis through emails or 

huddles.



ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS

Qualification Name of the Institution Discipline Board/ University Year of Passing Percentage

MBA Kingston P.G College (Rampally) Finance Osmania University 2013 69%

B.COM
A.V. College of Arts, 
Science & Commerce.

(Domalguda) 
General Osmania University 2011 70%

          C.E.C Govt Junior College, (Malkajgiri) Commerce
Board of 

Intermediate 2008 79%

          S.S.C Durga Bhavani High School(Malkajgiri) -
State Board of 

Secondary 
Education

2006 78%

                                                            Technical Skills

 Operating system: Windows XP, Windows Vista & Windows 7.
 Packages: Ms Word, Ms PowerPoint & Ms Excel.
 ERP: SAP (7.20)
 Type Higher(Certified)

                                                        ACHIEVEMENTS
 Identified a bright idea ‘Multi-Tasking file’ to the process. Received appreciation from the 

Invoice leader & he suggested the SM to implement the same to the Oracle Invoice processing. 
 Reward with 4 bronze award in Accounts Payables for highest productivity, shortening the processing 

time, Lean idea and making process simpler. 
 Received continuously 4Dairy silk chocolates in a Month for the highest productivity.
 Received appreciation from the Global Implementation leader for the key role participation of  New 

go-live
 Secured Certificate for the Caroms as Winner conducted in college at Intermediate Level.

                                                        PERSONAL DETAILS

   Name : E. Jayanth Kumar

   Father's Name : E. Pandu (Late) 

   Date of Birth : 27-10-1990 

   Marital Status : Single

   Nationality : Indian

   Gender : Male

   Languages Known : English, Hindi, and Telugu.

   Hobbies : Listening to Music, Playing chess, Drawing.

Place: Hyderabad

Date:                                                                                                         (E. Jayanth Kumar)


