














































 Juned Bagwan 
Data Analytics | Machine Learning | Visualization  

+91- 8983742782 | er.junedbagwan@gmail.com 

   

Career Objective:  Providing data driven action oriented end to end solutions to 
challenging business problems. Business- minded data analyst with demonstrated ability to 
deliver valuable insights via data analytics and machine learning solutions. 

 

Professional Summary: 

 Applied Data Preprocessing and Exploratory Data Analysis skills (using R & Python) 

for better understating of historical data available. 

 Performed SQL queries for Extraction and Manipulation of data for creating readily 

available data sets. 

 Build statistical and algorithmic models in support of strategic and operational efforts. 

 Hand-On experience in implementing various Machine Learning Algorithms (like 

Regression, SVM, Naïve Bayes, ID3, Random Forest, Time Series Analysis) using 

both R and Python. 

 Knowledge of advance analytical algorithms like Deep learning and Neural Networks 

(RNN, CNN). 

 Ability to perform text analysis using NLP tools like Sklearn (TF, IDF) and NLTK. 

 Certified in Data Analytics and Machine Learning. 

 Delivered visually impactful Reports/Dashboards in Tableau for performing quick and 

informative analysis. 

 Excellent Presentation and Storytelling skills. 

 Actively involved in client meetings for requirements gathering and defining business 

rules. 

 Experience in working Agile Project Development Environment. 

 Worked in Health care and Insurance Domain with US based client. 

 Enjoy working as a team member as well as independently. 

 Able to coordinate several tasks simultaneously. 

 

Skills: 

 

Analytics tools: R, Excel, Tableau. Database: SQL Server, MongoDB, Casandra. 

Programming Languages: Python, Java, 
and C++. 

Applications: Jupyter Notebook, Git Hub and  
Eclipse. 

Analytics Packages: Numpy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, Matplotlib, NLTK, ggplot2. 



 

Work Experience:  

Accenture Solutions Pvt. Ltd. –Software Engineer Analyst           (Feb 2017- Present) 

 Responsible for performing various Data cleaning and Wrangling process on data sets 

generated from operational data.  

 Generating weekly and monthly reports for client. 

 Created demonstrative dashboards in Excel and Tableau for transforming raw data into 

meaningful, actionable information. 

 Performed Multivariate Statistical Analysis on data. 

 Participated in regressive client meetings for requirement gathering. 

 Involved in developing Predictive Model to avoid possible server failure server failure 

amount by applying machine learning algorithms. 

 Created connection to Data sets stored on SharePoint with Tableau for easy and faster 

report generation. 

 

Certification and courses: 

 Data Analytics and Machine Learning (Classroom) - ECS Datamatics, Chennai. 

 Visualization Communication in Tableau (Online) – Coursera. 

 A-Z Machine Learning (online) – Udemy. 

Projects Implemented:  

 Churn Analysis of customers in telecom industry:  Project to identify churn patter of 

probable customers who might churn, using logistic regression and cohort analysis.  

 This project will enable business make data driven decisions. 

 Predicting possible customers who will churn in future. 

 

 RFM (recency, frequency, monetary) analysis of Retail store Data: A project to 

cluster the customers based on their spending patterns, recency and frequency of 

purchase and understanding customer segmentation. 

 Identifying the loyal and frequent customers. 

 Helping to find out the target customer base 

 

 Time Series Analysis of Jet Rail Project: Project for solving problem for the Jet Rail 

Transportation, by predicting the Number of commuters. We were provided with hourly 

data of 2 years (Aug 2012-Sept 2014). 

 Help in finding out the Pattern of seasonality and trend 

 Helps in best management of jet rails by predicting the commuters based of the 

historical Data. 

  



Educational Qualification: 

B.E. - (Computer Engineering) -    65.56%  

Pune University.   (2013-2016)  

Diploma in Computer Engineering -    72% 

MSBTE,    (2011-2013)  

SSC -   83.80% 

Maharashtra State Board   (2001-2010) 

 


