





















































Contact No
: +918692064444 
Mail ID

: priya.pooja.tiwari531@gmail.com
PRIYA MISHRA 











CAREER OBJECTIVES

Wish to expand my horizons, broaden existing skills by knowing different techniques and methodologies explore new avenues. Have a fast track easier graph, to face challenging Real life problems, have a choice to move around and gain insight into the working of large organizations.


To obtain a position where I can contribute my knowledge of .Net Framework and experience in handling large development projects for mutually beneficial growth relationship between the organization and myself.

	PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS


4 Years and 5 months of experience in Microsoft Technologies. Developing Window, Web applications, using ASP .Net.
Resolving user queries regarding Software and extending support (Go live and post live enhancements)
Comfortable in interfacing with all levels of management. Capable of meeting time bound targets consistently in dynamic environments. 

Ability to learn, understand and apply new technologies.
	 TECHNICAL SUMMARY


	Database 
	:
	SQL Server 2008, Oracle 11g, (developing T-SOL queries, creating views, stored procedures)

	Languages


	:
	C#.Net 2005/2008/2010, ASP.Net ,MVC ,VB,C,C++

	Other Technologies


	:
	 LINQ, XML, Ajax, JQuery, CSS, HTML5,Web API

	ADO.NET
	:
	Extensively used Data Adapter, Data-set operations to access and update database. 

	Reporting Tools
	: 
	Crystal Reports

	IDE and Tools
	
	Visual Studio 2013,2010,2008, SQL Server Management, PLSQL Developer


  WORK EXPERIENCE

RobinHood  Insurance Broker Pvt. Ltd
	Industry
	Insurance Company

	Designation
	Team Lead

	Duration
	October 2015 to Till Date.


Responsibilities:

Development of the web based application.

Testing for the developed module.

Interact with client to understand requirements according to the changes.

Develop a solution to increase the scalability and performance of the application

Meeting Client Requirement and Queries.
PROJECT NAME: OneInsure
Synopsis            : OneInsure is powered by Robinhood Insurance Broker. This is data driven insurance product     

                              based web project.


Technology Used in above application


Front End



WCF Services , JQuery ,Angular JS,HTML5,Web API.

C# .net 3.5 and 4.0  LINQ etc


Back End


SQL Server 2008,2008 R2
Nexsus Techno Solutions Pvt Ltd.

	Industry
	CTI products and services and Application Software development Company

	Designation
	Junior Developer

	Duration
	May 2013 to September 2015


Responsibilities:

Development of the application.

Testing for the developed module.

Interact with client to understand requirements according to the changes.

Develop a solution to increase the scalability and performance of the application

Worked on Telephony API.

Good understanding of Telephony Modules.

Meeting Client Requirement and Queries.
PROJECT NAME: MAXDIAL (DIALER SOLUTION)

Synopsis            : Max Dial is CTI base Application .use in many firms like trading, banking, educational 



    Sector and many more. It can integrate with CRM, Trading Client and many more.






Main Feature of MaxDial are

Calling (Inbound, Preview, Auto-dial, Call Bursting, Power Dialing).

Call Recording.

Broadcasting

Call Parking.

Call Barging and Coaching.

Call Tracking.


Technology Used in above application


Front End
C# .net 3.5 and 4.0(Threading, Event and Delegates Models), Windows Forms, LINQ, Web services, Window Services, remoting, Hardware API coding.


Back End


SQL Server 2005 and 2008 
PROJECT NAME: SPINX  (BRIDGE SOLUTION)

Synopsis
: The Application is built to communicate the multiple people with each other 

       

 
 simultaneously without the overhead of creating and Scheduling Conference manually.



Main Feature of SPINX are

Scheduling and alerting all the recipient of conference automatically.

Managing Conference.

Recording the Conference

Authenticating and Authorizing the Conference Recipients Automatically.

Creating multiple groups in same conference.


Technology Used in above application
Front End
C# .net 3.5 and 4.0, MVC 4.0, LINQ
Back End
SQL Server 2005 and 2008 
STRENGTH:

Attention to details 

This strength helped me understand the product portfolios and their benefits and thereby motivate the Client to decide faster. 

Time management

I am able to manage my time and daily routine, without any compromise, between my work responsibilities and the education I had to undergo to become qualified in Software development. This strength has helped me manage work pressures well and to the satisfaction of my employers.

Communication

I believe my communication abilities in both English and Hindi are quite adequate to handle tough situations as I have found out while dealing with customers in my present employment.  As all my current work assignments involve explaining our product portfolios to customers over telephone, I understand what I say must be precise and clear.  I could always achieve my set goals more than the target set. 

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION:

	Courses
	      Name of Institute/Board
	       Year
	Marks (%)

	B.Sc. (Comp Sci)
	Mumbai University
	      2012
	60.00

	           H.S.C
	Mumbai University
	      2009
	64.00

	           S.S.C
	State Board of Maharashtra 
	      2007
	63.07


PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION:
	Name of the Course
	Courses
	Institute: HCL CDC

	Certificate in Dot Net 3.5
	ASP.Net SQL Server 2008,WPF,WCF
	75.00 %


ACADEMIC PROJECT:

	Title
	Online Examination System

	Environment
	Asp.Net,C#, SQL Server 2005

	Duration
	6 Months

	Responsibility

	Analysis, Designing, Coding, Deployment, Testing

	Description
	The present system of this examination is manual system, everybody know that the manual is thing always take too much time to complete the task, to avoid all this things we come up with this new application which is call Online Examination System.

The proposed system is highly secured because user needs to have user name with his/her own password to get browser page.

All the records of Student details, Marks, Question Paper are well maintained  and easily accessible


PERSONAL INFORMATION


Sex



:  Female.

Date of Birth


:  13-06-1992.
Marital Status


:  Married.
Current Address

: Tiwari Niwas Shivaji Nagar behind Dilip Dispensary Birla gate Shiv Rd. Shahad (E)

Blood Group


: AB+

Languages Known  

: English, Hindi, and Marathi

I hereby declare that all above given information is true to the best of my knowledge.  




Place: 
KALYAN









PRIYA MISHRA

Date: 
