















































				                resume							
B V S PRAKASH KIRAN											   E-Mail:kiran.bikkavilli@gmail.com		                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        		           Phone: 7799099555
HYDREBAD
OBJECTIVE

	To pursue a challenging career in a progressive environment where learning, innovation and creativity are encouraged, where my skills & knowledge can be enhanced to their maximum potential to contribute to the overall success and growth of the organization. Adept at working effectively to achieve goals both as a cross-functional team member and individual contributors


​​​ ​​​
EDUCATION:

	Degree 
	Branch 
	Year​ ​of 
Passing 
	Board/University 
	Percentage 

	
B.TECH 
	ECE 
	              2016
	Avanthi Institute of Engineering and Technology,Vizag. 
	75.8 

	CLASS​ ​–​ ​XII 
	MPC
	2012 
	Sri Chaitanya Junior College, Vizag. 
	86.7 

	CLASS​ ​–​ ​X 
	SSC
	2010
	Gayathri Model School, Vizag.
	82 


 
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
	Skills 
	Details 

	Languages 
	C,CoreJava, AdvancedJava.

	Web​ ​Technologies 
	Angular4,Angular5,HTML,​CSS,​JavaScript,Typescript.

	Operating​ ​Systems 
	Windows​ ​and​ ​Linux​ ​variants. 

	Cloud Computing
	Amazon Web Services(AWS)

	Database 
	SQL,​​ Oracle 11g.


PROJECTS UNDERTAKEN
	 Project​ ​Title​    Bus Detection of System using RFID Technology

	Languages 
	​HTML,​ ​CSS,​ Java

	Description 
	This project presents a bus detection system using RFID technology that aims to ease the traveling and movement of blind people. The proposed system consists of two detection subsystems; one on the buses and the other on the bus stations. In the bus detection subsystem, the nearby stations will be easily detected and then announced through a voice message inside the bus. Moreover, any existing blind person in the surrounding area of the station will be detected by the bus subsystem to alert the bus driver about the number of blind persons. In the bus station subsystem, the coming buses will be detected and then announced in the station in order to alert the blind people. A complete system prototype has been constructed and tested to validate the proposed system.



PRofessional Experience Details
	Project​ ​Title​    Mobile Messaging Application

	Description 
	Implementing the functionalities for above Application .The project is an SMS & SMPP gateway project which is mainly developed to send and receive messages from one to one, one too many and many to many the project involves different ways of sending messages to the to various ends, which includes simple, bulk, advance bulk and event manager, creating user friendly environment to push multiple messages at glance. This project deals with a lot of features of MT (mobile terminator) and MO (mobile originator) which works basing on short codes, sender id’s under a specific user who is registered at our end. Using this platform the user can schedule campaigns send personalized messages and many more using our web interface and API (URL string to send messages basing on valid credentials) Clients Banks: United Bank Limited Bank, Commercial Bank International,,Pan Emirates, HSBC, CITI Bank, SAP Mobiles, Western Union. …65 Banks

	Languages
	Java ,Cloud Computing

	Team​ ​Size 
	7

	Role 
	Implementing the modules which was given by client through Agile Methodologies.



 
	Project​ ​Title​    User interface Application

	Languages 
	 ​HTML,​ ​CSS,​ ​Angular5,​Typescript,​ ​JavaScript,​ ​ 

	Description 
	The project involves implementing the Mobile Messaging Application which was access data through Clients 




	Project​ ​Title​    Tools

	Languages 
	 ​Angular 5,Html,CSS,Javascript,Typescript

	Description 
	The project involves implementing the UI Tools which was required by Client




Professional Summary
· Working 1.9 Years as Software Engineer at Vectramind Technologies, Hyderabad with CTC 2.3 lacs per annum.
· Working 0.3 Years as Trainee Software Engineer at Axalt Technologies (Company closed).
· Having 2 years’ Experience which include Java,Sql,Anguar 2,Angular 4,Cloud Computing(AWS).
· Extensively implementing the various modules for my product as Full Stack Developer(Front end and Backend).
· Application Maintenance  and Product support in Cloud (EC2,RDS,VPC,VPN,Beanstalk,IAM,Cloudwatch) ,Database Maintenance and Manual Testing .

Experiential Learning (Internship)

· Company Name: Airport Authority of India (Vishakhapatnam).
· Project Title: Communication Navigation and Surveillance.
· Duration: 40  Days.

	AWARDS & ACHIEVEMENTS :



· I got the Second Prize in District level Chess Competition in Visakhapatnam.
· Designed and developed our Department’s website and working as web in College Days.
· I have certified in SQL by NIIT.

	INTERPERSONAL  SKILLS:



· Interest to earn new Technologies
· Ability to rapidly build relationship and setup trust.
· Ability to cope with different technologies.
· Hardworking


Personal Profile           
	Personal​ ​Information 
	

	​ ​Full​ ​Name 
	B V S PRAKASH KIRAN

	​ ​Father​ ​Name 
	Mr.​ ​ B Bhaskararao

	​ ​Permanent​ ​Address 
	3-2-45,Narasingaraopeta,DurgalodgeStreet,Anakapalli,Visakhapatnam

	​ ​Phone 
	+91​ 7799099555

	​ ​Languages​ ​Known 
	Telugu​ ​&​ ​English​



Declaration
I hereby certify that all the information provided above is true to the best of my knowledge.

 DATE: 
 PLACE:						                                                                                                                    (B V S  PrakashKiran)
