

























 

 

 

 

 

   

 Professional Summary 

● An enthusiastic  professional with hands on experience in recruitment, 

payroll, statutory areas, (PF, ESI, PT, IT &TDS). Designing CTC & salary 

Break­up & general HR related areas. 

Educational Qualifications 

● Bachelors in Business Administration, Vellore Institute of technology, 

Vellore, TN, 2013 

● High School, Army School , RK Puram, Secunderabad, AP, 2010 

Professional Training   ­­ HR HOUSE     [ Advanced Corporate Practical Training ] 

● Completed the corporate practical oriented training with hands on 

experience in HR Generalist areas covering – 

● Core HR Areas, Recruitment & Manpower Planning, Policy Implementation, 

Advanced Excel Reports, PMS, ERM 

● Labour Laws,   P.F., E.S.I & P.T, Payroll Processing, TDS, Tax Planning  for 

Employees, CTC Designing. 

 

 

                                             ​Computer Skills 

● Good working knowledge in word, excel, Power point, and advanced excel                       

reports i.e., pivot table, auto filters, vlook up, splits & freeze panes which is                           

used prepare to MIS reports 

●  Working knowledge of Payroll Software. 

 
 
 
 



Professional Experience 
 

1) Co. Name : Ikya Human Capital Solutions 
Designation : Recruitment Consultant (Volume hiring) 
Period               :10th Dec 2015­ Present 

 
 

2) Co. Name : Advent Global Solutions 
Designation : US Recruiter (Technical Staffing) 
Period               :1st Dec 2014­ 17th Aug 2015 
 

Job Profile 
 
1.  Recruitment Processes 
   

Responsible for implementing full life cycle of recruitment form sourcing, pre­screening,                       
interviewing, presenting, and closing offers. 

 
● Handling recruitment on wide range of skill­sets and the positions i.e., junior, middle and senior                             

management levels. 
● In­depth assessment/analysis of client’s requirement. 
● Self involvement in preliminary telephonic and personal interviews with candidates to ascertain                       

their competencies, skills and aspirations (positions, salary, relocation aspects Etc.) 
● Source, Screen, Evaluate & select candidate through a structured recruitment process designed                       

to obtain the best candidates. Inform applicants of job responsibility, compensation & benefits,                         
work schedules & working conditions, company policies, promotional opportunities & other                     
related information. 

● Scheduling Technical final interviews either with the Technical panel or client. 
● Client coordination for interviews, feedback and selection list. 
● Pre interview and post interview follow­up with the candidates. 
● Building strong long­term client and consultant relationship by providing timely effective                     

recruitment solutions. 
 

​Skill Sets Handled : Contract staffing, volume hiring, Salary negotiation, Coordinating with clients                           
and their potential employees, Scheduling interviews, Manintaing databases for both                   
organisaional as well as personal future references, Sourcing through different media like                       
reference, social networking, local online classifieds, bulk messaging, Bulk emailing (using MS                       
Word and Excel) 

 
   ​Clients Recruited For:  
 
Advent Global Solutions​: Fortune 500 companies like : Celgene (pharmaceutical company), Royal                       

Bank of Scotland ,Humana (healthcare), Philips, Delta Airlines, Walt Disney, ABB amongst others. 
Ikya Human Capital ​: Top Multiple national Brands like Infosys,Accenture , HCL and Cognizant.  
Top Bpo’s like Aegis, HGS, First Source and Concentrix 



Banking companies like Standard Chartered Bank (Scope international) 
Ecommerce companies like Myntra and Amazon. 
Start­up’s and pilot batchs like MFX, No broker, Grabhouse, Increwin amongst others. 
 

Specialisation and interests:  
 
1. Joining Formalities and Settlement Process 
 
● Taking Induction Session for the new entrants in the Organization & processing several forms 
● Taking Care of employee database with regard to their date of appointment, address, Telephone                           

No’s, references, employee dept, code No, PF No., ESI No. and other personal details. (Collecting                             
the relevant documents of Previous employment). 

● Responsible in drafting offer letters, appointment letters, confirmation letters, relieving letter                     
and experience letters.  

● Monitoring relieving procedures and settlement considering exit interview forms, No due                     
certificates and the amount due from the employee. 

 
3. Statutory areas & Payroll  
 
● Monitoring payroll and designing CTC with break­up of Gross salary 
● Preparing summary of new joinees and resigned employees. 
● Delivering ‘Pay­slips’ with all statutory deductions & preparing ‘Summary of Pay­slips’ including                       

leave calculations. 
● P.T., P.F., E.S.I., ­ Calculations & knowledge in remittances, filings ­ i.e., payment challans, annual 

returns & PF transfer / settlement forms. 
● Manage employee queries with regard to their deductions, settlements and supporting their                       

requirements. 
● Calculating Employees taxes, considering exemptions, savings & deducting TDS in payslips &                       

issuing ‘Form 16’.  
 

Extra Curricular Activities  

Content writing, blogging, video making and photography  

I hereby declare that that the above­furnished details are true with proven records. 

Place   : Bangalore 

 

Date : 3rd May 2016   Signature:  Praneeta Kosaraju 

 



 


