














































 

Rajiv Tripathi 
 
E-mail : rajivtripathi6406@gmail.com 
Phone : 8746004687 
Address: Flat 43, A13, Sai Ganesh CHS, MMRDA, 

  Jogeshwari East, Mumbai - 400060 
 
 

WORK EXPERIENCE  
 

ICICI Bank Ltd.                                                                                                                                  Aug 2015 - Current 
 
Process Manager - Strategy 
 
Working with Central PAN India Strategy and Analytics department has enabled me with knowledge about Target 

Projection against provided budget and Manpower Planning to achieve those targets. Planning, implementation and 

tracking of different strategies towards loan recoveries and New Branch sourcing for Personal Loans business are few of 

the key drives of my work. Data Analysis and presentation in the best possible crisp and compact way in form of different 

KPI, MIS, PowerPoint presentations & reports are also few of my regular activities. 

 

My other activities involve - PAN India level Personal Loans data analysis, allocation and performance tracking, 

publishing weekly and monthly reports, monitoring of losses and implementing new strategy to keep the losses within 

limit, organizing various contests for field employees, designing Incentive schemes for collection agencies time to time 

and proposing new strategy for improving collection and minimizing losses. 

 
Key Activities: 
 

Business book projection, Manpower planning and Target distribution - PAN India level  
 

Monthly Presentation with AGM & above regarding Achievements against provided target KRAs  
 

Strategic initiatives to enhance field team performance – New Process, Payout, Campaigns, Contest etc.  
 

Business Expansion & Risk assessment - monthly review of branch level data and sourcing of new business while 

keeping the risk within limits, publishing branch level reports of those branches/locations which are High risk 
 

Business Process - Assessment of current process and identifying flaws in process, Brain-Storming for the 

solution with team and seniors and applying the best possible solutions to eliminate those flaws 
  

Conducting meetings between Zonal Credit and Recoveries teams time to time to keep them in synergy  
 
 

QUALIFICATIONS  
 

Specialized in data analysis and presentation  
 

Business process assessment and process improvement  
  

Business expansion and risk assessment  
 

Keen to learn about new technologies and concepts  
 

Excellent team management and delivery within TAT  
 

Strong Inter-personal skills  
 

Easy to mix up with new team members and believes in delivering the best either working in a team or as an 

individual 
  

Very strong communication skills and delivery  
 
 

 
 

mailto:rajivtripathi6406@gmail.com


 
EDUCATION  

 
Post Graduate Diploma in Banking Nov 2014 — Oct 2015 
 
ICICI Manipal Academy 
 
Completed PG Diploma in Banking in which gained knowledge about various Banking products and financial market. 

 

Specialized in Privilege Banking, secured 8.0 GPA 

 

Bachelor of Engineering - Electronics and Jun 2008 — May 2012  
Communication 
 
Faculty of Engineering & Technology, Annamalai University 
 
Completed B.E. in Electronics and Communication from Annamalai University in 2012 securing 6.92 GPA 
 

 

 
Summary  

 

I have an experience of 3 Years in baking with ICICI Bank Ltd. in which I have acquired in depth knowledge of Data 

analysis and presentation. I very much believe that numbers speak pretty much about a Business and hence my 

interests have moved towards Financial modelling and projection which can help in forecasting profits and losses and 

target setting as well. I have made remarkable impression in my department related to Presentation skills and I have 

been conducting various learning sessions related to data presentation and creative works. Business expansion and risk 

assessment of new branches for Personal Loans sourcing is one of the key projects that I have driven in last 2 years 

successfully. 
 
Hence, I would summarize my Interests as - Financial Modelling and Forecasting, Data Analysis, Business 

Planning and Strategy, Business Process Improvement and Risk Assessment. 

 
 
 

 

SKILLS  
 

Technical Skills: 

 

Microsoft Office tools   - Expert  
 

MS Excel    - Advance  
 

MS PowerPoint   - Expert  
 

SAS     - Beginner  
 

 

Languages known: 

 

English     - Expert  
 

Hindi     - Expert  
 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 2



 
PERSONAL DETAILS  

 
 
DOB   : 20

th
 August 1989 

 
Father’s Name  : N.L.Tripathi 
 
Sex   : Male 
 
Nationality  : Indian 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Declaration: 

 

I hereby declare that details mentioned above and written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge.  

 

 

Rajiv Tripathi 

Mumbai, India

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3


