


















































Piuli Chakraborty

Mob:        9804043669
Email Id: piuli.chakraborty@gmail.com
OBJECTIVE
To be an achiever by own endeavor.

AREA OF INTEREST
Taxation, Financial Structure of various types of companies, Fund Management etc.
EDUCATION

Commerce Graduate [B.COM] with Honours in Accountancy from Calcutta University.
Year of Passing: 2008

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

A Full Time Accountant at a research organization [Pratichi Institute, Pratichi (India) Trust] for 4 years [from 2014 to now]

COMPUTER SKILLS

Microsoft Word
Microsoft Excel
Microsoft PPT
 TALLY ERP 9
  FACT 

Internet surfing with e mailing

MEETINGS, WORKSHOPS

Arranged meetings, workshops, trainings in Seva Kendra [Sealdah], West Bengal Volutary Health Association [Anandapur] and in other districts [Bolpur PTTI] also, for 20 to 50 persons including arrangement of train tickets and cars, food & lodging for guests, food arrangement, decoration and overall management.

CO CURRICULAM ACTIVITIES

Learned Indian Classical Dance [Bharatnatyam] for 2 years
Learned Indian Classical Music for 4 years
Participated in various dance drama at school level

JOB RESPONSIBILITIES

Make Budget for various projects with all senior project members and work proposal and follow up for the release of funds with the associate partners.
Maintain daily Cash & Bank expenditures, Put all the entries in computerized formats, Manage the fund by disbursing according to priorities, Make cash books and ledger entries, Make Payments to vendors, settle field advance with the researchers working in filed. Calculations and deductions and payment of TDS of vendors. Communicate with various funding authorities and follow up about the payment to receive and process of submission of expenditures details. Also communicates all the accounts details to head office and Senior Chartered Accountant and do accordingly with time deadlines.

Future Ambitions

Want to work on the same field with versatile dimensions and work with various projects, workshops, trainings, companies to develop skill and efficiency.

Resident of:  BE-10/3, Rajarhat Road, 24 PGS [N], PIN: 700059
Gender: Female				
Marital Status: Married       						                                                              
      					                                                                                        

I hereby declare that the above information furnished above are given by me and is true to the best of my knowledge. 



Date with Place: 27th July’ 2018 at Kolkata 
2 | Page

