

























 

Sakshi Chauhan 
To excel and explore the knowledge by contributing in the growth of 
organization and achieve success with full satisfaction. 

Flat 8, Sidhi Complex A wing, 
Bekrai nagar, Pune City 
+919691411104 
sunshine.chouhan@gmail.co
m 

EXPERIENCE 

Xiaomi, ​Banglore— ​Subject Matter Expert 
 
January 2016 - October 2016 

a. Exclusively handled legal cases of Xiaomi technology India private Ltd 
as a representative of company to customer. 

b. Separation of legal documents as legal notices,summons, summon 
from consumer disputes redressal forum etc understanding issue and 
then coordinating with customers and lawyers of company for most 
suitable settlement. 

c. Case analysis to reduce legal cases. 

d. Tracking of each and every cases with the help of Microsoft excel. 

Teleperformance , ​Indore — ​Technical Support Executive  
 

Sep 2015 - January 2016 

a. Handled grievance ie legal and social media cases of Xiaomi India 
technologies private limited. 

b. Handled the most aggrieved customers of Xiaomi and pacified them by 
expediting the process and giving them most satisfactory solution. 

c. Analysing cases, finding loopholes and removing them so that system 
will remain immune from their effect. 

d. Keeping tab on each and every case with the help of Microsoft excel. 
Also keeping record of each and every partner with basics of excel like 
vlookup, pivot. Formatting datasheet. 

 

May 2015 - September 2015 

a. Worked for Xiaomi India private limited handling calls and emails of 
Xiaomi customers from entire India. 

b. Resolved the various queries of customers including technical 
troubleshooting of mobile devices, delivery related issues, service center 
related issues etc and provided the customers best resolution at the 
moment. 

STRENGTHS 

Team player. 

Time efficient. 

Adaptable & flexible. 

AWARDS 

 

Noble knight, Xiaomi award 
for best team. 

Login hour champ, 
Teleperformance for highest 
login hours. 

LANGUAGES 

Hindi, English. 



EDUCATION 

Mahakal Institute Of Technology, ​Ujjain — ​B.E. 
October 2009 - July 2013 

Graduated in Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics and 
communication(Hons.) from  M.I.T., Ujjain affiliated to  R.G.P.V. Bhopal 
with aggregate 75.71% in year 2013 . 

Kalidas Montessori, ​Ujjain — ​H.S.C & S.S.C 
July 2008 - March 2009 

Completed 10th with 75.4% and 12th with 70.2% from Kalidas Montessori 
School(M.P. Board). 

 


