














































Nihal Manesh Koli 
27, shivsagar residency,  
Godadara, Udhna, Surat. 
Mobile: 848-809-9206 
Email: nihalkoli38@gmail.com 

Objective 
Looking for Software Engineer post with leading IT Industry Company that 
prioritizes client support, critical thinking, and communication to achieve technology 
and computer science goals. 

Work Experience 

PHP Trainee 
ItSquare Infotech Pvt. Ltd. , Dindoli, Surat - 394210, GJ.  
June 2017 – Apr 2018 

 Testing the site for proper functioning. 
 Detecting for any technical errors that might have arisen due to any mistake in 

the code. 
 Provide efficient support to the PHP content. 
 Develop the content based on the client requirements. 
 Create the documentation of the program and include technical specifications 

in the code.   

 

 

Summary of Interpersonal Skills 

 Strong organizational, administrative and time management skills. 
 Able to maintain confidentiality of sensitive data, files, records, conversations, 

etc. 
 Remarkable written and oral communication skills. 
 Computer literate with excellent typing speed. 
 Ability to handle phone calls, email, skype conversation, etc. 
 Skilled in drafting reports and circulate information within and outside the 

organization. 
 Excellent planning, coordinating, and job prioritizing skills. 
 Ability to rapidly build relationship and set up trust. 

Summary of Technical Skills 

Operating System  Windows xp, windows 7 , 8 & 10, Ubuntu. 
Databases  MYSQL, SQL Server & MS Access. 
Programming Languages  PHP , C , C++ , VB.Net. 
Web Technologies  HTML, HTML5, CSS, CSS3, Bootstrap, Java Script. 
Java Script Frameworks Jquery. Angular js. 
PHP Frameworks Code Igniter, Cakephp, 
Hardware & Networking  Computer formation, All app Installations.   
Ms Office Ms Word , Ms Excel , Ms Power Point , Ms Outlook, Ms access. 



 

Education 

 

Academic Project Description. 

Quicker buy and sale is the web site used by sellers and Consumers for managing an 
ecommerce platform financial or plan. This site was built using PHP with Code 
igniter Framework and HTML where JavaScript is used for validations & tools 
technology like Ajax are also used. 

Sr. No. Degree Board Year Of 
Passing 

Percentage Position 

1 S.S.C. G.S.E.B. 2013 65.20% First Class 

2 H.S.C. G.H.S.E.B. 2015 60.67% First Class 

3 B.C.A V.N.S.G.U. 2018 72.66% First Distinction 


