














































Name:


     

 
PRAMOD KUMAR BHARTHI 
 
Email: 
pramodbharthi@gmail.com 
 
Mobile No : +917207206563  
 
Correspondence Address: 
 

 
Plot #82, Oppo. Narendra 
pharmacy, Chintal road, 
Quthbullapur, Hyderabad. 
PIN-500055 
  
Personal Data: 
 

Date of Birth: 13/10/1993 
Nationality: Indian 
Marital Status: Unmarried  
 
Permanent Address: 
 
House #81, Shastri Nagar, 
Mankapur Town, Gonda (U.P.) 
PIN - 271302   
 

Languages known: 
 

➢ Hindi (Read/Write/Speak) 
➢ English (Read/Write/Speak) 
➢ Telugu (Read/Write/Speak)  
➢ Punjabi 

(Read/Write/Speak) 

Career Objective 
Seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities in the Information 

Technology industry that offers professional growth while being resourceful, 

innovative and flexible. 
 

   
 

Executive Summary 
➢ 2+ Years of experience on Testing & Automation in Selenium. 
➢ Experience in Project Life Cycle, MS-office. 
➢ Highly analytical, well organised and able to work effectively under 

pressure to meet deadlines. 
➢ Excellent communication skills and ready to interact at all levels. 

 

 
 

Experience 
Metrix lab Pvt. Limited 
Designation: Analyst QA Team 

From: October 2015 To Present 
 
 

 
Technical Skill 
 

 

Languages/Technology 
Java, HTML, XML, CSS3, SQL, VBA 

 

Developer  Tools 
WSB and Eclipse 
 

Database MySql 
Operating Systems Windows, Unix, Mac OS 

 
 

Add-on skills: 

➢ Working on backend processes, editing .asp files for required 

validations. 

➢ Load the data using SPSS loader and perform quality checks of captured 

data. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

mailto:tahirkhan056@gmail.com


     

 
 

Responsibilities Handled 
➢ Requirement Gathering, review of Project requirements, Coordination 

with DT and PM teams to fix the designs implemented as per customer’s 

expectations. 
➢ Creating the end to end Solution Design for project and setting up the 

framework. 
➢ Coordination with on-site and other required teams. 
➢ Get the scripts created and fixed from team. 
➢ Coordination with Programming team and defect fixing activities. 
➢ Work on internal and external documentation. 
➢ Participate and drive the meetings on need basis. 

 

 
 

Academic Qualifications 
➢ Completed B. Tech (2011-15) in St. Peters Engineering College. 
➢ Completed 12th (Intermediate) from Sri Chaintanya Jr College in 2011. 
➢ Completed 10th (SSC) from St. Don Bosco High School in 2009. 

                
 

     Achievement 
➢ Received Bronze & Silver awards on meeting quality targets 

consecutively. 

➢ Nominated with a title as “Raising Star” in the Annual Awards 2016 held 

in current organization. 

➢ +Adding on many in future+. 

 
 
                          

 



     

DECLARATION  

  
     I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my 

knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned 

particulars. 
                                                                       
                                                                                                 

Place: Hyderabad                                                        PRAMOD KUMAR BHARTHI 
 

 


