

















































Bhargavi Anagandula






OBJECTIVE:


E-Mail: bhargavianagandula@gmail.com

Mobile: 8008565841


To pursue a challenging and creative career that includes the possibilities to learn new skills. To be a part of organization that provides opportunities for value based growth as well as career advancement while making significant contribution to the organization.



SUMMARY:

· 2 years and 1 months of experience in Mainframe Technologies. 

· Have Good knowledge in JCL/COBOL/EZPLUS/XPEDITOR (Online & Batch) and VSAM. 

· Experience of working on VANTAGE ONE. 

· Experience in production support activity. 

· Proficiency in developing test cases scenarios. 

· Proficiency in providing root cause analysis for issues. 

· Willing to take up challenges and interested to work on different kinds of applications and emerging technologies within the IBM Mainframe technology. 

· Good interpersonal skills and ability to learn and adopt new technology concepts. 

· A team player with strong communication, analytical, organizational, relationship management skills. 


EDUCATION:

· B.Tech (2011-2015) from JNTU University, Telangana (JNTUH college of Engineering and Technology) and secured 76.94%. 

· Intermediate from state Board of Andhra Pradesh and secured 97.1%. 

· High School from state Board of Andhra Pradesh and secured 92.6%. 
TECHNICAL SKILLS:

	Operating System
	Z/OS

	
	

	Programming Language
	COBOL,JCL,EZPLUS

	
	

	Database
	DB2

	
	

	File Management
	File-Aid, VSAM

	
	

	Tools and Others
	CA7 Scheduler, ENDEVOUR, XPEDITOR(Online and

	
	Batch), ABEND-AID




PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Currently working as Associate Professional Product Developer in DXC technologies Pvt. Ltd. since 17th May, 2016.



PROJECT DESCRIPTION



Client: Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (MassMutual) U.S. Company: DXC, Noida.

Project Description: 	

	Project Name
	:
	Mass Mutual

	Type of Project
	:
	Production Support

	Environment
	:
	COBOL, JCL, VSAM, EZPLUS

	Team Size
	:
	11

	Role
	:
	Support

	Duration
	:
	May 2016 to till date





Overview:  Responsible for providing our analysis/ solution for a problem in the existing system. Accountable for activities allied with the analyzing and resolving or fixing the production abend. Responsible for providing the support in L3 level depending on the priority of the issues to meet client's SLA.



Role & Responsibilities: -

· Working on Universal Life product on Vantage One. 

· Work closely with Client/Onsite coordinator to understand the changes for Monthly release. 

· Production cycle support. 

· Work on incident defect, regular development and enhancement activities. 

· Solving business maintenance bugs in Vantage as identified by client by simulating the problems in test 

· Performing the Testing, preparing the Test cases and evaluating the test results. 

· Involved in enhancements of existing functionalities. 

· Provide Adhoc reports asked by client using JCL, Easytrieve and COBOL. 

· Providing detailed root cause analysis of bugs in core modules to business, by debugging of online and batch modules. 


PERSONAL INFORMATION:

	Name
	  :
	Bhargavi Anagandula

	Date of Birth
	:
	04 – 01 - 1994

	Gender
	:
	Female

	Marital Status
	:      
	Single

	Address
	:
	
H.No: 8-5-110, Nehru Nagar, Sircilla, Rajanna Sircilla -505301

	
	
	



