















































SANA NIKHIL CHOUGLE KALE
Pharmasist Liecence No:167323
Contact: +91-7977879829
E-Mail:  sanachougle5139@gmail.com
Address Line 1:  B-303, Pooja Apt, Bhide Marg

Address Line 2:  Behind Portuguese Church, Dadar (W)- 400028


 Registered Pharmacist 
Aiming for assignments in pharmacutical business operations with an organization of high repute 
in IT Industry preferably in Mumbai/New Mumbai/Thane location.


CAREER OBJECTIVE
A versatile graduate who is pharmacist by profession with a firm sense of responsibilty, self-motivation, commitment, creativity, hard-work, self-discipline and determination. Currently seeking a challenging career where I can contribute my pharmacovigilance knowledge and skills to set growth and development of self and the organisation.
ACADEMIC DETAILS

	Qualification
	Name of Institution
	Board/ University
	Years of Passing
	Grade/ Percentage

	B.Pharm
	NCRD's Sterling Institute of Pharmacy
	Mumbai
	2017
	Pass

	D.Pharm
	NCRD's Sterling Institute of Pharmacy
	Mumbai
	2013-14
	75 %

	HSC
	KB College
	Mumbai
	2011-12
	44%

	SSC
	Yusuf Patel
	State Board
	2009-10
	74.75%


Employment details
Organization: 

Medvigil Clinical Research

Location: 

Bandra (Dist.Mumbai)
Designation: 

Drug Safety Associate
Period:
 

16th Oct 2017 till date

Description:  
Efficiantly and simultaneously worked on different clients, different projects and other day to day activities.
Types of cases handled:  Direct lift, Serious Spontaneous, Non-serious Spontaneous, Literature, Legacy cases.
Other responsibilities:
· Handling of end to end process of literature cases which includes:
· Review of literature abstract as well as full article.
· Book-in of cases.
· Case processing.
· Submission of client drafts and regulatory drafts. 
· Maintaining record of all activities.
· Worked on UAT cases and Data clean-up cases.

· Manual report scheduling of legacy cases.

· Processed cases from toxicology report.
· Performed data migration of legacy cases from Trace to Argus and QC of the migrated cases.
· Handling of Reconciliation activities.

· Assist in Training and Quality Check of Direct lifts.
· Worked on GVP modules presentations for the better understanding of modules.
· Trained on preparation of PSUR’s, PADER, PBRER, and Signal detection.

· Spread sheet Audit and processed responce to Audit findings.

INTERNSHIP PROJECT
Organization:

Kalsekar Hospital
Location:

Mumbra (Dist.Thane)
Project Title:

"To study of different formulations"
Period:


June’14 to Aug’14  

Description:
Acted as Internship Trainee for 2 Months in the Kalsekar Hospital as the part of internship program.

Role:


Internship Trainee

Responsibilities:

· Responsible for:

· Reviews orders for completeness, accuracy, proper dosage and directions, contraindications, allergies, and drug interactions. 

· Routes medication orders and requisitions to the appropriate area of the department for processing. 

Responds to telephone and in-person requests for service. 

· Reads labels and fills medication orders for patients. 

· Enters medication order information into the computer system. 

· Fills medication orders for delivery. 

· Compounds medications pursuant to physician orders.
· Fills prescriptions for assigned areas. 

· Maintains proper records and meets requirements of the State Board of Pharmacy regarding prescription dispensing. 
Organization:

Bhavesh Medical 
Location:

Thane
Project Title:

"To study the flow of chemist and druggist shop"
Period:


June’15 
Description:
Acted as Internship Trainee for one month in the Bhavesh Medical as the part of internship program.

Role:


Internship Trainee

Responsibilities:
· Responsible for:
· Dispense drugs prescribed by physicians and other health practitioners 
· Provide information to patients about medications and their use. 
· To make note of advise of  physicians and other health practitioners on the selection, dosage, interactions, and side effects of medications.
· Maintain medical facility records.

· Determine protocols for medical procedures

· Advise patients on effects of health conditions or treatments.

· Maintain inventory of medical supplies or equipment.

· Order medical supplies or equipment
· Maintains proper records and meets requirements of the State Board of Pharmacy regarding prescription dispensing. 

PROFESSIONAL ENHANCEMENTS

· MS-Office : Includes: (Microsoft Office software -Word, Excel, PowerPoint)

EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES

· Participated in various cultural activities at school/college
· Participated & Certified in various competitive exams in school
· Participated & Certified in Inter School/College Sports
PERSONAL DETAILS
Date of Birth:

                5th January 1995
Nationality:

                Indian

Marital Status:

                Married
Known Languages:                           English, Hindi, Marathi and Urdu
Other Relevant Details:
Current CTC: 


3.05 lakhs per annum
Remuneration Expected:
Negotiable

Nature of  Job:

     
Permanent

Notice Period:

         
3 Months 
Holding Valid Passport:
          
Yes (L2869083)
DATE:                          PLACE:                                                                                                                                   SANA MURAD CHOUGLE                                                                                                                  
