

















Curriculum Vitae


Shaik Abdulla					           Mobile: +91-8880222672, 09160044864
							E-mail: abdulla.mba2010@gmail.com


CAREER OBJECTIVE:

To learn and experience the vast domain of various HR functions and to be a part of this platform which provides tremendous opportunities to develop my skills and enrich my knowledge. Where I can utilize my abilities to innovate and improve efficiency in the HRM and HRIS, keeping my vision on organizational goals and self-development. With an ever raging passion to explore challenging environments where I can learn to adapt and overcome them. Discover new horizons and new roads of success for employee satisfaction and customer delight.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Working As HR Executive (From 20th December 2010 –19th December 2011)at Infosys BPO Ltd, Bangalore, under payroll of Technomake Solutions Pvt.Ltd.

JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:

RECRUITMENT:

Key Responsibility Areas –
	Sourcing Resumes

Making Cold Calls to short-listed resumes and checking their availability and interests
Scheduling Interviews
Coordinating with Colleges and scheduling Campus Recruitment 
	Organizing pooled-in events to conduct recruitment activities of students from various colleges

Rolling out Offer letters to selected Candidates
Handling post recruitment activities like collecting feedback about recruitment process of Infosys for post analysis to find areas of improvement.
Handling candidate queries and grievance.
Coordinating with the induction team to clear all the joining formalities of the candidates.
	Managing employee referral tool and posting jobs on internal job web portal.

C&B, TRAINING and DEVELOPMENT, OD, and ER:

Key Responsibility Areas –
	Engaged in the processes related to Employee Life Cycle (Hire to Retire).
	Making new joinees database for SAP updation.
	Employee query management w.r.t. salary, leave and attendance and information/clarifications on company’s compensation policies. 
	Sending abscond report, leave encashment and shift allowance inputs to finance in coordination with attendance desk.
	Assisting OD team in managing the performance management system during appraisals. 
	Coordinating with training team and operation managers to ensure timely completion of mandatory trainings of employees in different levels. Scheduling training sessions and providing reports on training completion and training need analysis to the training team.
	Helping the ER team in issuing visa, passport, transfer, and deputation letters to employees.

Worked in exit helpdesk for separation formalities such as issuing relieving letters, conducting exit interviews and resolving issues with final settlements of employees in coordination with Finance team.

PROFESSIONAL TRAINING:
Underwent training as “Management Trainee “at Ajax Management Consultants Pvt. Ltd, Bangalore.

Course: Advance Diploma in H R Management. During my training at Ajax Consultants, I was given exposure to the following areas:
Core HR
HR Generalist
Payroll Processing

PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION:
Course			: MBA
Discipline		: HR & Marketing
Institute   		: Presidency School of Management and Computer Sciences, Hyderabad
University		: Osmania University, Hyderabad
Year of Passing		: May 2010

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:

B.Sc (M.P.C) from Osmania Degree College, Kurnool, Andhra Pradesh.
Intermediate from BasiReddy Junior College, Nandikotkur, Andhra Pradesh.
SSC from Jeevan Jyothi E.M High School, Nandikotkur, Andhra Pradesh.

Academic Project: Study on Recruitment and selection process at Aurobindo Pharma Ltd., Hyderabad.

Project Description:
	To analyze different techniques those are been used in recruiting the applicants into Aurobindo Pharma.

To study and understand the expectations of applicants & their opinions about the recruitment process. 
To put forward various suggestions with a view to make recruitment process more effective.

CORE COMPETENCIES:

	End to end recruitment

Payroll processing

COMPUTER SKILLS:

Microsoft office: Ms-word, Excel, Power point.

ACHIEVEMENTS:

Best Performer award at Infosys BPO Ltd for the quarter March to June
Best student award from my school for the year 2001
	Won first prize during college fest in different management activities


DECLARATION:

All the details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge and I will give the best of my ability to the company I am working with and  be a part of the team which is open to sharing, learning, and smart at work.

Place:                                                                                                                    Signature
Date:                                                                                                              (Shaik. Abdulla)

