










































 

GEETHU GRACE AUGUSTINE 
                             Email: graceaugustine88@gmail.com 

                 Mobile: +91- 8277068534 

Career Objective 

 

A challenging technical & administration position with a progressive company that will 

effectively utilize acquired expertise, experiences in helping technical thrive. Extensive work in 
IT related technical projects, system supports & administration of systems. Be a part of team 
having a will to learn, would like to work in a condition that increases my strengths. Displaying 

willingness, responsibility, accuracy and working unsupervised has given growing confidence 
to my superiors in my abilities and my work.  

 

 

Professional Summary   

 
✓ Administration of linux servers on RHEL 5,6 and 7  
✓ Patch management 
✓ User account management & setting up ACL permissions 
✓ IBM cloud Administration (Softlayer ) 
✓ Good  knowledge on file system and storage management concepts like LVM 

✓ Scheduling of automatic, repetitive Jobs using commands with Cron 
✓ Configuring, Administrating and Management of Users and Groups 
✓ Knowledge on NFS,SSH,FTP and Samba 

✓ Troubleshooting of linux OS crash 
✓ Installation and configuration of nagios client 
✓ Good communication,management skills and proficient in handling frequent 

activities along with the coordination of my team people and other teams(network 
team,database team etc.) 

 
 

Summary of Work Experience    

 

2+ years of system administrator experience in multiplatform Unix and Linux environments, 
with hands-on expertise. 

Currently working as unix adminstrator in IBM India Ltd . 
 
 

 

Project Description: 
 

IMI  Unix pool: This project is to provide infrastructure  support for more than 100 + 
customers. The environment contains around 5000 servers  and team is responsible for all 
activities related to infrastructure and new projects Knowledge Transfer  (KT). 

Designation : Associate Technical Operations (Linux)  

Work Experience:  IBM India Pvt Ltd (May 2015– Cont.) 

Professional Project Details  



 

 

 

Responsibilities: 

 
✓ Providing 24*7 Support to the client for the business operation running smoothly 

✓ Providing L2 level support for Linux System Administration 
✓ Service transition, IT Infrastructure service Management, service delivery, 

change   management, incident  and escalation management 

✓ Responsible for day to day tickets on performance issues, disk usage, memory 
issues and FS thresholds 

✓ Handling host downs for both virtual and physical servers 

✓ Joining/initiating bridge calls during outage/patching. 
✓ Knowledge about TEM, SRM and Nagios (Network Monitoring Tool) – to monitor 

servers 

✓ Knowledge about Ticketing tool  SCCD 
✓ LVM and disk management. 
✓ Installation and configuration of Nagios client  

✓ Analysis, implementation, testing and documentation of Incidents and change 
requests 

✓ Performing Changes, working on incidents and tasks raised by different teams  

✓ Having experience on installing, managing and upgrading patches and packages 
through RPM (Redhat Package management) and YUM (Yellowdog Updater, 
Modified) utilities. 

✓ Patching security patches & kernel patches frequently 
✓ Perform OS level upgrades , troubleshooting and maintenance on unix servers 
✓ Finding scans violations & remediation.  

✓ Monitoring system performance. 
✓ Raise ticket with Red hat for Linux OS problems(vendor management)  

 

 
 

IMI SUDO PROJECT: This Project is to Implement Standard Sudo templates in 

server.Implementation of “least privilege” access by deploying the approved Global 
SUDO templates (or approved adjustments or account-specific templates) on all Unix 
/ Linux servers. 

 
Responsibilities : 

 

• Ensuring Sudoers files are in the #include format which is required for Sudo 
automation 

• Reduces audit defects by checking Sudo files for appropriate role based levels 
of Unix authority. 

• Out of process modification of entries is prevented 

• Implement secondary logging 

• Automation to simplify Sudo management 
 

 
 

 
 
 



 

 
 

 
 

Course 
Institution 

 

Board 

/University 
Year of 

Completion 

Percentage/ 

Grade 

B.Tech  

 (Electronics and 

Communication 

Engineering) 

Viswajyothi college 

of Engineering & 

Technology 

Mahatma Gandhi 

University, 

Kottayam, Kerala 

2014 
 (7.03 CGPA) 

 

12th Board De paul public school C.B.S.E 2010 76% 

10th Board 
  De paul public 

school 
C.B.S.E 2008 89% 

 

 
 

 

 

I consider myself familiar with skillset and technology mentioned & also confident of my ability 

to work in a team. 

I hereby declare that the information furnished above is correct and genuine to the best of 

my knowledge and belief. 
 
 

GEETHU GRACE AUGUSTINE 
 
PLACE:Bangalore 

DATE:6 th October,2017 

Educational Qualification 

 

Personal Profile: 

Declaration 

  Name: Geethu Grace Augustine 
Date of Birth: 31-January-1992 

Nationality : Indian 

Sex: Female 
Father’s Name: K P Augustine 
Language Known:  English ,Malayalam 

Contact No.: +918277068534 

 


