














































 

Albin K Thomas 

 

Personal Information 

Email Id       albinthomas007@gmail.com 

Phone No   8089813831 

DOB             29 June 1991 

Objective 

To work for the Organization where my professional and technical expertise in the field of software 

development are recognized and utilized to the optimum level.    

My Strength  

 An ability to motivate teams in achieving targets and goals 

 Good communication and Interpersonal skills  

 

Professional Experience 

2.2 years of experience in ASP.NET MVC 6.0, C#.NET using .NET Core 1.0. 

Technical Expertise 

 C# Asp .Net, Asp .NET web API, MVC 5 

 LINQ , EF , Java Script, Dependency Injection 

 PostgreSQL, SQL Server 2014, HTML, CSS, jQuery, Ajax, Razor 

Educational Qualification 

 

Work Experience 

2.2 years of experience in ASP.NET MVC, C# 

 Experion Technology (India) Pvt. Ltd 
   Currently Working as Software Engineer from July 2015 to till date. 

 

Course Year Institution % of mark / CGPA 

10th Standard 2007 
Adam Public School, 

Karyamparambu 
76.2 

+2 2009 
Sree Sarada Vidhyalaya, 

Kalady 
72.6 

B.Sc  CS 2012 Naipunnya, Pongam 80 

MCA 2015 Depaul, Angamaly 70 

mailto:albinthomas007@gmail.com


 

Projects 

1. Road Accident Management System 

 Client-TRL[Transport Research Laboratory]     

 www.trl.co.uk      

 https://trlsoftware.co.uk/products/safety/imaap 
Road Accident Management System, is a product for collecting the traffic accidents for a particular 

area. In order to develop effective, evidence-based approaches to reduce the problem of road injuries, 

crash data sets are vital. IMAAP provides the latest techniques in crash data storage, analysis and 

reporting. Its tools for identifying and analysing causes of crashes, and for isolating common features, 

are sophisticated yet simple enough to use to provide a high level of productivity. 

Languages: Asp.Net Core 1.0, SQL Server 2014, MVC 6.0, Web Api, Entity Framework-7  

Role: Back End Developer 

 Web API Development. 

 Unit testing and Integration testing.  
 

2. Vanpool 

This application is developed to provide online booking of cab facilities within a particular area 

(similar to uber). It helps the users to look for available pools or request for a new pool. For available 

pools, users will be able to join and subscribe for a fee. Pools are started by CGC only when a pre-

determined occupancy level is achieved. The solution will be integrated with payment gateway for 

online payment. It will also support cash payments through a network of cash collection centres. 

Cashiers will have a separate portal where they can accept cash against a particular transaction. The 

solution would also have an admin portal for administrative and operator users to manage users, 

pools, inventory etc. 

Languages: Asp.net 4.5, SQL Server 2014, MVC 5.0, Entity Framework, Post Sharp, JavaScript. 

Role: Full Stack Developer 

 Developed ASP.Net web pages, partial views using ASP.Net MVC 

 Web API Development. 

 Unit testing and Integration testing 

 Designing 
 

3. Marina 

The Project Management Office is a complete solution for office management. The main modules 

include payroll              systems, Employee Directory, Leave Management, Attendance Management 

and Project Timesheet Management.  Application is developed in Microsoft platform as well as 

various mobile platforms such as Android, iOS and Windows Phone. 

Languages: Asp.net 4.5, SQL Server 2014, MVC 5.0, Entity Framework, Post Sharp. 

Role: Full Stack Developer 

 Developed ASP.Net web pages, partial views using ASP.Net MVC 

 Web API Development. 

 Unit testing and Integration testing 

 Designing 
 
 
 

https://trlsoftware.co.uk/products/safety/imaap


 
4. Road Asset Management System 

 
This product is used to collect the details of different assets like bridges, street lights, tunnels 

etc. with respect to a road in different areas. Different surveys are done on a road and defects 

are recorded in the system. The top level management can look on to the different assets w.r.t 

each road and make decisions to solve the defects (if any). 

Languages: Asp.Net Core 1.0, postgresql, Web Api, Entity Framework-7 

Role: Back End Developer 

 Web API Development. 

 Unit testing and Integration testing 

  

5. Online Ordering Application 
 

This application was developed for an Australian client. A user can view, order different 

products available in the shop with the help of the site. The main modules include picking a 

location, selecting a product from a category and payment. Different payment gateway like 

PayPal and E-way was used for payment. 

Languages: Asp.net 4.6, SQL Server 2016, MVC 5.0, Entity Framework 6. 

Role: Full Stack Developer 

 Developed ASP.Net web pages, partial views using ASP.Net MVC 

 Web API Development. 

 Unit testing and Integration testing 

 Designing 
 

6. Setting up Continuous Integration Environment (Bamboo CI) 
 

Set up a CI environment for different projects running in the organization. Bamboo is a product 

of Attlassian used to integrate the code and deploy the application. With the help of Attlassian 

online team I set up the CI. Powershell and batch scripts were used. The CI process include 

fetching the code from the repository, restoring the packages, Building and deploying the 

application. 

 

DECLARATION 

I hereby declare that the above information given by me is correct and true to the best of my 

knowledge. If I were placed in your esteemed concern I will discharge my duties with at the most 

sincerity and to your full satisfaction. 

  [Albin K Thomas]    


