


















Elegant Resume

 
	3
Kalicharan Padhi
objective

To work amongst skilled professional in a dynamic and high demanding atmosphere.
Experience

April 2005 –  Till date  with J P Morgan Chase
April 2005 – Sept 2006
NRLB Team(National Retail Lock Box)
Supervision of  Cash Workflow Management.
n	Generation of Daily MIS. Looking after training needs of entire team.
n	Automation of department QC sheet, Training Update Site.
Sept 2006 – Till Date(Current Position – Team Leader)
GMRD Team(Global Market Data Reference Team) & Compliance Reporting Service Team
GMRD Team :-
Supervision of  Reference Data setup. 
Timely completion of trade setup request. 
Resolution of static data queries from internal & external sources. 
Analysis of Financial Market information with regard to asset set up. 
Daily verification of new and existing static data ensuring timely delivery to Fund Accounting Dept. at each & every valuation point 
Support of the Fund Accounting & COAC areas with respect to the set up of new assets and amendment to the asset due to corporate action change (ex: Name Change, ISIN, CUSIP or Sedol Change)
Constant review of existing process and procedures to identify areas where manually intervention can be avoided and to enhance efficiency and controls.

Compliance Reporting Service Team :-
responsible for the timely delivery of reporting to Compliance Reporting Services clients and support operations pertaining to the data contents of those reports. (eg: Portfolio Risk Management Reporting to Asset Managers, Fund Sponsors & Trustees). 
Key responsibilities
Identification, investigating, resolution and necessary escalation of any failed on-line report delivery processes, including client reports and report definitions
Collation and delivery of securities benchmark data (i.e. FTSE 100) into the system
Testing / implementation of an automated report delivery validation tool
Collation and review of key departmental statistics
Communication of actions to production support/client support/clients as necessary

	Control daily production and ensure the timely delivery and the quality maintenance.


	Constant review of existing process and procedures to identify the area of weakness and enhancements to increase the efficiency and controls.


	Monitor key tasks closely and ensure that they are performed on time
	Internal escalation of all risk factors and potential issues are communicated to seniors and escalated to Dept. manager. on a timely basis. e.g. delivery, quality, service, relationship.


Handling International assignments, handling process migration related activities from Donor location(Dallas & Bournemouth to Mumbai). Global exposure to various Client Service Team specially US and European Team. 


Sept 2004 – April 2005 with Medusind Solution India Pvt Ltd.
Client Service Executive (Data Processing)
n	Web Processing, Web Research and Data Management.
Handled Project for Neoforma Ltd (Nasdaq Listed Company)
n	Extraction and Research of Hospital related through web.
n	Lead group of Team Members for extraction and delivered the project in one month advance to client.
n	Reconciliation of Data Extracted and Researched. Updation to project manager regarding the status of project by preparing daily data sheet.


Oct 2003 – Sept 2004 with Datamatics Financial Software and Services Ltd.
Junior Processing Officer (Registrar and Transfer)
Post Issue Works:
Handled process related to issue of Duplicate Bond Certificate and Brokers Commission & Brokerage.
Handled process related to issue of Investors change of address and bank detail.
Pre Issue Works:
Handled Initial Public Offer for Industrial Development Bank of India(IDBI Flexibond – 19, 20).
n	Reconciliation of Application received from different Banks.
n	Handled investor queries related to Non Receipt of Bond certificate.




Education

June 1998       Maharashtra Board	
Passed S.S.C Examination securing 67.20%.

June 2000       Maharashtra Board
Passed H.S.C Examination securing 65.85%

2000 – 2003   Mumbai University
F.Y.B.com – T.Y.B.com
First Class bachelor of Commerce securing 69%

Technical Qualifications:
Diploma in Software Technology.
Certificate Course in Information Technology, MS-Access, MS-Office, HTML, Java Script, Front Page.
Cleared English Typewriting course @ 30 w.p.m under Government Commercial Certificate.
Cleared British English Council entry level certification scoring more than 75% in different category.



Interests

Reading, Hiking, Trekking and Traveling.
Mobile : 9892108189• e-mail ment_99@rediffmail.com
Room No Pxx – 13 6/9, Opp bedrock tyre co., laxmi nagar, link road,
goregaon – (west), mumbai – 400090.

Date of BIRTH: 13th october, 1982.
passport no : f5072962 expiry date : 27/09/2015


