











































NAME LASTNAME

ASHA P.R
ASHA P R



Personal Profile

Name



:  Asha P R
Father’s Name


:  Ravindran V K


Address


:  4A/4,Lakshmi Apartments,                              
                                                       Thiruvalluvar Street,





   Kaikankuppam main road, 

                                           Alwarthirunagar, 
                                                        Chennai - 600087   
Contact Number

: +919677285068
Email ID


:  themesasha@gmail.com
Languages Known

:  English, Malayalam, Tamil 

Hobbies


:Surfing through net & Listening to music
Professional Experience
 -- July 2012 - Nov 2018 (Ramco Systems) 

 --  Dec 2015 - Till date (Mckinsey and Company) 

Executive Operations – HR Payroll – Ramco Systems Ltd
Analyst – Global Payroll – Mckinsey and Company 
JD:  Processing Payroll on Monthly & Weekly Cycle, mode of work will be coordinating with both HR & FINANCE Team Internally.
Taking responsibilities for 4000 EEs, Handling India, Russia, Dubai Payroll and Asia(Specific regions) as well.

Customers:

Home shop 18 (India)
Royal Sundaram Finance Ltd (India)
DAMAC Holding companies, (Dubai)

Mckinsey (Russia, Thailand and Philippines - In-house payroll)

 Nature of work

PAYROLL
Managing the consolidation of first level support and organization tasks associated with the day-to-day functions of payroll:

Handling Payroll Activities, start from Generating the Perner ID, New joinee & Separation Input & Other Investment Inputs Updation.
Processing Salary Revisions for existing employees as per inputs.
Processing Full and Final SettlementSettlements. 

Posting the entries in Oracle after payroll as per paycodes. 

Preparing payroll invoices. 

Preparation of reconciliations. 

Handling monthly call with client. 

Creation of SSS PRN and PHIC online remittance. 

Manage & Maintaining Employee database and Preparation for Head count reconciliation for regional entities.

Providing Income tax computation for the employees based on their Investments @ year end to compute their Taxable Income.

Company policies program & Attendances data Maintenance for employees. 

Any special changes to be made in salary structure if any ,
Maintaining various formats for MIS Report to share for Tax Audit on Monthly remittance.
Handling queries related to employee login details, pay slips, investment proofs.
Applying employee leaves, changing the reporting line in ESS as per customers request.

Handling any queries related in employee ESS issue.

Academic Exposure
Course


: 
MBA (Human Resource) 
Month & Year

: 
April 2014 (June 2012 – May 2014)
Percentage of Mark
:
66%  
Course


:
Bachelor of Commerce – B.COM
Month &Year 

:
April 2012
Percentage of Mark
:
66%  
Course


:
HSC – Commerce

Month &Year 

:
March 2009
Percentage of Mark
:
77%  
                              
Course


:
SSLC
Month &Year 

:
March 2007
Percentage of Mark
:
70%              
Technology & System Exposure
Have Basic knowledge in Computer fundamentals and functions. Also have experience in various OS versions of Microsoft Windows viz DOS, Windows 98, 2000, XP and Windows 7.

Have completed certification course in DCA (Diploma in Computer Application) in May 2007.

Have Knowledge in Microsoft  office Applications - MS Word, MS Excel Intermediate, MS Powerpoint.

Also a part of Employee Engagement Team, where we used to conduct all such fun activities in our department.

Achivements 

Quick Learner Award-2016 (Ramco Systems) 
Process Star Award-2018 (Mckinsey and Company)

Declaration:

I hereby solemnly declare that all the statement made in the above are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. I assure that I will be sincere and strive for development of the company.
Place
: Chennai
Date
:







       
(ASHA P R)




Objective



To work in an interesting and challenging environment where there is a continuous process of learning, job satisfaction and career growth.



Also to be a part of the global organization which provides an opportunity to reach highest level of targets in my career and prove myself to the best of my abilities.







Self Assessment



Positive Approach.



Willingness to learn and improve.

Punctual and Diciplined.

Doing the given task with full dedication.

 





			






