















































POOJA GAIKWAD 
 

 

Address: Kundalahalli Colony, 

Near CMRIT College, 

Bangalore – 560037 

Contact: 8801381249 

Email-Id: poojagaikwad2310@gmail.com 

 

 

Career Objective: 
 

Looking for an organization where I can utilize my skills and experience to 
fulfill organization’s Vision, simultaneously to become a competent professional to cater 
the demand of fast changing IT industry. 

 

Experience: 

 

 Working as Analyst/Software Engineer from Oct 2016 to till now in Capgemini Pvt.Ltd. 
 Working as production Support Engineer. 
 Worked on JavaScript, JSP pages, SoapUI, SQL Database. 
 Hands on Experience on HPSM tool (Incident Monitoring Management). 
 Working on day to day incident & problem management for production support 

activities. 

 Preparing reports for monitoring and Follow-up for production support activities on day 
to day and monthly basis. 

 Adhering the best ITIL practices. 
 Co coordinating among different teams for incident and problem management.  

 

 

Educational Qualifications:  
DEGREE YEAR INSTITUTE/ PERCENTAGE 

  UNIVERSITY  

Bachelor of 2016 Chaitanya Bharathi 72.6 
engineering(ECE)  Institute of Technology  

INTERMEDIATE 2012 Narayana Junior 92.6 
  College  

State board of 2010 Anand Sai High School 80.8 
secondary education    

 

 

 

 

 



Mini project:  
Project Name: Density Based Traffic Light Control System. 

 

Description: Conventional traffic light system is based on fixed time concept allotted to 

each side of the junction which cannot be varied as per varying traffic density. Junction 

timings allotted are fixed. Sometimes higher traffic density at one side of the junction 

demands longer green time as compared to standard allotted time. In this sensors are used 

to detect the traffic density. The signal timing changes automatically on sensing the traffic 

density at the junction. 

 

Major Project:  
Project Name: Noise Reduction In RLG Using Wavelet Transform. 

 
Description: RLG is used to measure angle of rotation accurately upto 0.0001 degrees. But 

at the slow rotation rates it will not show accurate angle. to overcome from this problem 

we are applying some mechanical vibrations(dithering=400hz). At the output RLG this 

applied dither signal also appears. To remove this dither signal wavelet transform is used. 

 

Software proficiency:  
 Languages :   C, SQL, PL/SQL, Java Platform 2, Enterprise Edition ( J2EE) – MVC, JDBC 

 Database :   Oracle  
 Basics of Microprocessor and Microcontroller

 

Extra-curricular:  
● Given paper presentation at NIT Warangal.   
● Participated in workshop on PCB design of Electronics Circuits.   
● Attended talent test in 2009 and got second prize.  

 

Personal Strengths:  
 Optimistic 
 Adaptive 
● Team work   
● Positive attitude   
● Ability to produce best result in pressure situation  

 

Hobbies:  
● Rangoli Art   
● Cooking   
● Novels   
● Listening music   
● Watching Discovery channel. 

 

 



Personal Achievements: 
 

 “ Sree Samgar Samaj Educational trust” Awarded  2
nd

 prize for my Intermediate Marks. 

 

Personal Information:  

 Name : Pooja Gaikwad 

 Fathers Name : Narayana Gaikwad 

 Nationality : Indian 

 Date Of Birth : 28/06/1994 

 Languages known : Telugu,Hindi,English andMarathi. 

 

Declaration:  
I here declare that the above mention detail true to best of my knowledge. 

 
 
 
Date :12th November 2017  
Place :  Bangalore 
 

 

(POOJA GAIKWAD) 


