
























































Greeshma S 


Current employer Details: 
	Company Name
	Cognizant 

	Position
	Programmer Analyst

	Role 
	Developer/ Support Analyst 

	Experience 
	2 Years and 6 months  



Summary:
Developer and support analyst with almost 2.6 years of experience in the Banking and Financial services vertical. Has worked on various technologies such as Java, Oracle, Sql, Mongo and Unix in implementing customized solutions and has experience in analysis, solution design, development, setup, testing, maintenance and support several modules in the BFSI vertical. Have strong Conceptual, Business, Analytical and Debugging skills.  

Experience Include:
·  Experience in Derivates product pricing where I worked on Trade Maintenance for the over the counter (OTC) traded Derivative trades.
·  Knowledge of AIM methodology in projects.
·  Strong knowledge of SQL programming, Java, Unix and Mongo 
· Excellent communication and presentation skills, with proven ability to work efficiently in both independent and team work environments, with both onsite and offshore teams.

Softwares and Tools: Oracle Database 10g, SQL Developer, ControlM, Rapid SQL, XML Publisher

Programming Languages: SQL, PL/SQL, XML, Unix Shell Script, Java, Mongo, Spring (Basic)

Work Experience:

	Sep 2016 to Nov 2017
	Derivatives trading Support
	Developer and Support Analyst




Worked as a developer for supporting the derivative trading system for a large multinational client. As part of this project, I worked on the applications which involved Trade Maintenance of the over the counter traded derivative trades. Was responsible for identifying root cause for issues raised by the client and working with Development team to actively resolve identified issues. 


Responsibilities:

Developer:  
·  Conversion of client format of data files to project specific required output formats.  

Support Analyst:  
· Identifying whether the issues raised are Data Corruption, Product Issue or Functional Setup issue.
· Verification of issue without direct access to the client instance through log files, screenshots and scripts.
· Reproducing the client issues in internal systems and analyzing the root cause of the issues and resolving them in conjunction with the development team 
· Also responsible for onboarding new team members and mentoring them to bring them upto speed on the technical and functional flows 
· Received award for the best of the project year(BFS).
· Received appreciation from the clients and PMs for the timely completion of tasks.



Work Experience:

	Dec 2017 to Present
	Mortgage system automation 
	Developer and Support Analyst




Worked as a support analyst for a complex automation system for a large client who does mortgage across large geographies. The complexity of the system comes from the varied geographic units supported by the system that have their own variations of the workflow. The complexity of different templates causes frequent issues during digitization and thus leads to downtime in the system with processes stuck midway in the operating cycle. I am responsible for rapid identification of live issues in the workflow, pinpointing the root cause to data corruption or other causes in the code and rapid rectification without which the client would have huge financial impact. 

Responsibilities:

Developer:  
· Identification and customizing java-based reports whenever code issues lead to report erroring out or being stuck in stages. Rapid identification of issues and resolution is my KPI in this project.

Support Analyst:  
·  Identification of data corruption, code issues and functional bugs that have caused the business operation to be identified at the client side.  
·  Rapid fixing of data in the backend systems to bring back the system up through log file analysis, SQL scripting, Mongo DB scripting and Java report modification.
·  Maintained high efficiency by keeping typical turnaround time at less than 10 minutes in fixing data issues 
·  Responsible for automating several manual processes using Java and Unix scripts to make the project more efficient 
· Received award for the best project of the year.
· Received spot award for the good performance in the project (Cognizant internal award).
· Received appreciation from the clients and PMs for the timely completion of tasks.


Trainings Conducted: 
· Provided reverse KT on the training obtained for OCR Engine and Extraction.

EDUCATION
Course Year University            Board CGPA                           Percentage 
1.B. Tech 2015                          Govt Engineering College                 8.22 
Electrical and Electronics          BartonHill,Trivandrum 
Engineering 
2. Class XII 2011                        Kerala State Board                           97.9% 
3. Class X    2009                        Kerala State Board                           96% 

References:
References will be provided upon request.                                                                                         

Contact Phone Number:
9496701775

Contact Email Address:
greeshmas240@gmail.com 

