














































	________Mainframe Developer with 3 Years of experience__________ 
Md Raheemuddin					raheem119@gmail.com
								Mobile: +91- 7780365791

CAREER OBJECTIVE
To utilize my knowledge, competence and technical skills in team-oriented environment and contribute towards the organization and to seek a challenging position in respective fields with myabilitiesanddevelopingskills.

PROFILE SUMMARY
· 3 years of IT experience in Mainframe environment.
· Experience in working for a leading Bank.
· As an Application developer involved in Technical design, Code Development, Testing and Implementation of the project.
· Experienced in preparing required Quality artefacts for the project.
· Delivered results on target, with efficient processing and increased productivity. 

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Working in CapgeminiHyderabad – Aug’2015 - Till date 
Role - Associate consultant
SOFTWARE PROFICIENCY
Operating Systems/Hardware	:	MainframeZ/OS, Windows 7, 8
Languages				:	COBOL, SQL and JCL
Database				:	DB2, IMS DB
Tools				:	Xpeditor, File-Aid, Platinum, Endevor, ACCS, 							SPUFI
Schedulers				:	ZEKE
Domain Knowledge			:	Banking and Financial Services 

EDUCATION
B.tech, Specialization in Electronicsand Communication engineering with aggregate of 73% from Mallareddy Institute of Engineering and technology - Hyderabad, that is affiliated to Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad, India.




PROJECT DETAILS (STARTING FROM LATEST)
#Project-1

	Project Title
	RBC Banking – Credits

	Customer
	 RBC – Royal Bank of Canada.

	Duration
	 Aug 2015 to Mar 2016

	Description
	 Credit monitoring system is a credit application in RBC which deals  with credit related data. It holds all the credit or debit transaction done on all the RBC clients. So, it’s a centralized application with  which all other RBC applications, be it front-end or host interact to  retrieve client’s credit information

	Team Size
	 10

	Role
	 Developer

	Responsibilities
	· Analysed the system for the impact with the clients.
· Created Component Designs for the impacted modules.
· Enhancement & Development of the existing/new COBOL modules.
· Created Unit test cases and implemented the unit test results.
· Providing support in System testing
· Working with short deadlines
· Completed the deliverables ahead of time with minimal/no defects.
· Client interaction
· Additional responsibilities - Team building Activity anchor; Sharing MOM of team meetings with team and management



	Solution environment
	 COBOL, JCL, DB2,VSAM




















#Project-2 

	Project Title
	 RBC Banking – Credits(AMO)

	Customer
	 RBC – Royal Bank of Canada.

	Duration
	 Apr 2016 to till date

	Description
	 AMO wing supports various applications for RBC. It includes    Retail account clients, Business account clients, Exception  Handling in daily transactions and so on. It’s a technical support  wing for RBC day to day processes.

	Team Size
	 2

	Role
	 Developer

	Responsibilities
	· Preparation of Technical specification
· Implementation of complex analysis and coding.
· Preparation of unit test cases and unit test results.
· Review and Testing the design it all aspects and check that it meets the clients’ demands. 
· Reviewing, Functional & Unit Testing and ensuring defect free deliverable.
· Helping the team functionally and technically.
· Preparation of code review checklist.

	Solution environment
	 COBOL, JCL, DB2, VSAM, IMS DB



PERSONAL DETAILS 
Father’s Name	   : Md Qumruddin
Date of Birth  	   : 5th Mar 1992
Marital Status	   : Single
Nationality 		   : Indian
Sex        	                 : Male
Languages Known   	   : English, Hindi, Telugu
Current CTC	   : 4,00,000.00 		
Current Employer         : Capgemini
Current location	   : Hyderabad

Declaration: -
I hereby declare that all information given above is true to best of my knowledge.
									(Md Raheemuddin)
