










































Vikram Parihar 
vikram.itbhu@gmail.com 

+91 8867701485 

10 Yrs. Experience in BI reporting Modules in Development, Support & Maintenance modules to achieve 

Business objectives by developing reporting BI solutions in a high-growth, fast-paced and an established 

Business environment. Presently I am a Module Lead for a BI reporting team & hold aspirations for lead 

positions in managing BI Support/Dev team through my proven past expertise in SAP Business Objects. 

Employment Details 

Employer Designation From Date To Date 

Capgemini India Pvt Ltd. Senior Consultant Nov-2013 To-Date 

Tata Consultancy Services Ltd Module Lead Aug, 2010  Oct-2013 

Tata Consultancy Services Ltd Technical Analyst July,2008 July, 2010  

Tata Consultancy Services Ltd System Engineer June, 2006 June,2008 

 

Technical Skills 

Skills Area Technical Skill Expertise Level 

SAP Business Objects 
XIR2/R3/BI4/Crystal 
Reports/Hyperion I.R 

BI Reporting Developer, Enterprise 
Application Maintenance & Support 

Proficient 

Platforms Windows 10 Proficient  

Database Oracle 11g/R12 Intermediate 

Language SQL Intermediate 

Operating Systems Windows 10/Windows 2012 Server Intermediate 

 

External Trainings/Certifications 

Name of Training/Certification Institute Date of Completion 

ITIL v3 2011 Foundation 
Certification in IT Service Mgmt 

                  
                  ITIL,UK 

Oct/2013 

1 yr. Diploma in Information 
Security 

 
       IMT-CDL, Ghaziabad 

Jan/2010 

 

Educational Background 

Degree/ Standard Board/Institute Year Percentage/CGPA 

B. Tech. (Electrical Engineering) Indian Institute of Technology, 
BHU,Varanasi 

2006 7.34 DGPA(10 point 
scale) 

XIIth Standard AISSCE CBSE, Puran Chandra Vidya 
Niketan,Kanpur 2000 72.6% 

Xth Standard AISSE CBSE, Puran Chandra Vidya 
Niketan,Kanpur 1998 74.8% 

 

 



 
Experience Details 
 
Project 1: 

Project Global Finance Solutions(GFS) 

Client Capgemini 

Organization Capgemini India Pvt Ltd 

Duration Nov 2013 to Oct2015  

Role Developer, Change/Release Management Process owner 

Overview Global Finance Solution is an Oracle based application which handles the 
Capgemini’s financial transactions covering 80% of the projects & clients 
worldwide. 

Engagement 
Areas 

• Obtaining Business requirements through Business Specifications in the 
form of Change Requests/Artifacts & assigning/delegating the 
responsibilities within the development team with an objective to deliver 
‘First Time Right’ & ‘On Time Delivery’ of reporting solutions. 

• Escalation Management as the Technical Lead for Global Reporting 
Application Maintenance & Support team. 

 
Project 2: 

Project MYEXPENSES 

Client Capgemini 

Organization Capgemini India Pvt Ltd 

Duration Nov 2016 to To-Date  

Role Developer, Change/Release Management Process owner 

Overview MYEXPENSES is a Global Expense Reimbursement tool for Capgemini Employees 
based on Concur. Any Expense claimed by employee is done using Concur based 
application from where it is interfaced to BO reporting via GFS. 

Engagement 
Areas 

• The project involved designing & creating a Global BI reporting architecture  
for MYEXPENSES 

• Supporting local regions with their local reporting needs based on their 
legal requirements 

Awards and 
Recognitions 

• Appreciated at Group CFO level for successful design & implementation 
of MYEXPENSE reporting for the biggest regions of India & France 

• Consistently rated 1 throughout my tenure in this project. 
 

 
 
Project 3: 

Project GEWPT GAMS RTS 

Client GE Water & Process Technologies 

Organization Tata Consultancy Services Ltd. 

Duration Aug 2010 to Oct2013 

Role Developer, Change/Release Management Process owner 

Overview GE Water & Process Technologies focuses on advanced power generation and 
water optimization technologies for easy accessibility to clean and sustainable 
sources of power and water. GAMS RTS is SAP BO application based platform to 
cater the financial reporting needs across geographies of its various business 
verticals including Engines & Turbines. 



Engagement 
Areas 

• End to End handling of Global Reporting Enhancements/Change Requests 
raised by Business Owners/Power/End users. These changes were either 
Admin/Maintenance Cr’s or Development/Modification of New/Existing, low 
to medium-high Complexity reports. 

• Escalation Management as the Technical Lead for Global Reporting 
Application Maintenance & Support team. 

Awards and 
Recognitions 

• Awarded for Best Development Team-Medium besides Internal awards 
for Star of the month & Customer appreciation awards. 
 

 

Project 4: 

Project GIS –IT 

Organization Tata Consultancy Services Ltd. 

Client Stolt Nielsen Transportation 

Duration Jul 2008 to Jul 2010 

Role Technical Analyst 

Overview Stolt-Nielsen Transportation Group is one of the largest parcel tanker operators in 
the world. Through its modern fleet, global network of terminals, storage facilities and 
tank containers, it offers a specialized range of capabilities to the users of specialty 
chemicals, food-grade oils and spirits, acids, and other specialty liquids. GIS-IT is an 
SAP BO Application based Development & Support platform to cater the 
transportation network & financial reporting needs of its cargo tanker business. 

Engagement 
Areas 

• Migration of existing reporting environment from Bo 6.5 to BO XIR3 

• Analysis of the existing security setup of GE Water BO 6.5 environment. 

• Preparation of various Security Implementation approaches and design 
documentation. 

• Designing the entire security setup structure of the latest BOXIR3.1 version. 

• Ensuring the First Time Right & On Time Delivery of the Migrated 
Environment. 

• Conducting KT sessions for BO Support team. 

• Preparations of help & support documentations to BO Support team. 

• Coordination with Product Support team (SAP) to help stabilize the 
environment. 

• Post Go Live Support of entire BI Reporting module including Crystal 
Reports. 

 Highlights • Recognitions at higher management for stabilization & On Time delivery of 
migrated BOXIR3 environment. 

• Certified for E1 competency in BOXIR3,TCS Internal trainings. 

• Trained & groomed a team of five fresh associates to help them support 
environment. 

 
 

Project 5: 

Project GBS BI App Support 

Organization Tata Consultancy Services Ltd 

Client Agilent Technologies 

Duration June 2006 to June 2008 

Role Systems Engineer 



Overview Agilent delivers innovative technologies, solutions and services to a wide range of 
customers in communications, electronics, life sciences and chemical analysis. GBS-
BI is an enterprise reporting system used by Agilent Technologies for reporting of 
Oracle Apps data. It uses Hyperion Performance Suite (HPS) as an enterprise-
reporting tool for the preparation and production of reports used by the enterprise for 
decision-making. HPS extracts data sourced from OLTP instances of various data 
sources which are required for the decision support and BI needs of a specific 
department or group within the organization. 

Engagement 
Areas 

• Administration of HPS reporting system includes maintenance, user and 
production support, performance tuning, up gradation and troubleshooting. 

• Installation, Up-gradation, Configuring and Customization of Software. 

• Gather information from the business users and work with the team to 
develop Hyperion reports matching the business requirements. 

• Ensure the stability of the application (i.e. 24*7*365) 

• Interface with users to resolve user-issues in HPS. 

• Identify and report software bugs to Hyperion and follow up with them for 
their resolution. 

• Work with the hosting team for issues related to hardware or OS. 

Highlights  
• Awarded at Organizational level for achieving 5/5 CSI for successful first 

time post go-live support of Hyperion IR System 9 in customer's business. 

 
 
 
Personal Details 
 
Name Vikram Parihar 

Date Of Birth 02 Feb 1982 

Marital Status Married 

Sex Male 

Languages Known English, Hindi 

Mobility Bangalore/Open to Travel Abroad 

Present Employer Capgemini India Pvt Ltd (Nov,2013- To Date) 

Permanent 
Address 

MIG-48 Barra-2 Sector-IV Kanpur-208027. 

Current Address Flat 102 MJ Paradise,Building#243, A-Block, AECS Layout, Bangalore-37 

Email vikram.itbhu@gmail.com 

Phone +91 8867701485 

Passport No.  N7390291 (Valid Till 18/Feb/2026) 

Pan Card No. APGPP3250C 

 
I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 

 
Vikram Parihar 

mailto:vikram.itbhu@gmail.com

