














































 

 

Khusboo Gupta 
+918418883646 

Khusboo339451@gmail.com 

 

  

Objectives 

To join an organization  which utilizes my skills in the field of Information Technology and provides 

me with an opportunity to advance my career and expose me to the cutting edge technologies in various 

domains and thereby accruing personal and professional satisfaction. 

 

Experience 

Project Engineer (2016 – present date) 

Wipro Technologies (Shikaripalya Main Road, Electronic City Phase 1 Bangalore, 560100) 

Software Engineer as a developer – TnE_Analytics as Business Perspective 

Travel and Expense project, In this project, we are storing data as business perspective. The data coming 

from source means mongo db (unstructured data), we are storing in Database (Structured data) on cloud 

using different topics with the help of logic app and data factory. Four topics we are using first Source, 

sub_anly, detail hist, and last final_summary, tmc as client perspective showing on dashboard. From 

source data we are storing in Json format as it is and then we are transforming data into relational 

database. According to the requirement we are transforming and cleansing data. 

Used Skills: Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio 

Reporting Tool: Power BI Desktop 

Supporting Application: Microsoft Azure 

Role: Writing Queries and Stored Procedure, and handing Power BI 

 

 

Pizza Ordering system: We developed website Pizza ordering system by using JSwing and JDBC. 

This is window based application. We hosted on Local because this project we completed at the time of 

training. I handled admin part. Customer based application. 

 

 

OpenCart Website: Selenium automate browser, in this project We developed code for opencart 

website those will check the performance of website by using Junit and testng. Report developed by 

ANT. We are checking, eg all buttons like login, logout, submit, registration etc, product, 

quantity,price,checking all keypoints in website. 

 

 

Used Skils: Selenium Webdriver+Core Java 

Technology:  Eclipse 

Role: Developing testcases 

 



Bachelor Thesis 
Online Judge  

Online judge is judging students programs according to feed database. This will help students for 

conducting online competition of programming.  

Technology Used: Java, JDBC, Netbeans.  

Mentors: Dr. P.K. Singh(Associate Prof. MMMUT)                                         Status: Completed. 

 

Professional Experience 

 
Summer Training  

Company Name: Hypatia Software Solutions(P) Ltd., Varanasi  

Project: Web Application, Making Editor Platform  

Description Using tools: Core java, JDBC, Oracle 10g, Netbeans. 

 

Company Training 

Company Name: Wipro Limited Infotech Park,Kochi  

Project: Web Application, Making Editor Platform  

Description Using tools: Core java,Swing,GUI, JDBC,Sql. 
 

Skills/Software 

 SQL 
 Core Java 
 JDBC 
 JUNIT 
 TestNG 
 Hibernate 
 C 
 HTML 
 CSS 
 Data structure 
 Power BI 
 Microsoft ExcelSheet 
 Selenium Webdriver 
 Selenium IDE 
 SDET- Core Java+Selenium 

 

Academia 

Madan Mohan Malaviya University Of Technology, Gorakhpur 

Bachelor Of Computer Science & Engineering  (2012-2016) with 77%  

Along with the regular curriculum, opted for all the machine learning electives. 

 

UP Board Of Education, Class 12th  (2010) with 74% in Varanasi 

UP Board Of Education, Class 10th  (2008) with 73% in Varanasi 

 

 

 


