




































RESUME

RESUME

SOMNATH DAS                       Village & Post – Argori (Andul – Mouri)
                                                     Howrah – 711 302

                                                     Phone No – 9748144144

                                                     Email: somnathdas5176@gmail.com
                                                                 somnathdas@emta.in
 

JOB OBJECTIVE: 
Having 20 years’ of rich and extensive experience in the field of Finance & Accounts, ready to take up suitable position in an organization of repute to execute day-to-day accounting and financing function with reasonable accuracy and with a zeal to perform.   
1. WORK EXPERIENCE:
Presently Working with EMTA Coal Limited from July 2007 onwards

Key Job Responsibilities:

· Accounting of EMTA Coal Limited, the flagship company of the Group along with one of the Group’s Joint Venture Companies namely, Karnataka EMTA Coal Mines Ltd (Coal Mines at Baranj at Bhadrawati) 
· All type of voucher (Journal, Cash/ Bank) entry, Preparation & passing of Debit / Credit Note entries, Purchase & sale bill entry, Preparation of Monthly Fund Flow statement & Bank Reconciliation statement.

· Preparation of statement showing monthly data of overburden removal, production of coal & dispatch of the same. Preparation of stock register.
· Preparation of certificate / information details as per requirement of statutory department (quarterly capital investment certificate, certificate for yearly payment of stowing excise duty on dispatch of coal, information regarding contribution of central / state government exchequer).
· Calculation of monthly TDS deducted from parties, monthly service tax, GST and other statutory liability and preparation of advice for making the payment. 

· Preparation of “details of accounts” for half yearly & annual accounts, maintaining assets register, calculation of depreciation & other balance sheet related work.
· Resolving Auditors queries (Internal, Statutory & Cost) and preparation of various statements for Internal Audit, Statutory Audit, Tax & VAT
Past Work Experience:     

2. Worked with Friends Engineering Works Pvt. Ltd. as Account Assistant form July 1998 to December 2000.
3. Worked with Rashmi Cement Ltd. from January’2001 to June’2007 as Accountant.

Job Responsibilities:

· Sales Accounting of Cement Sales (independent charge).

· MIS for Cement Division (Sales).

· Follow up with Dealer Network & Sales Force.

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:

· B.Com (Hons.) from University of Calcutta in the year 1998.

PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:

· Professional Diploma in Accounting Management from ACE Business Academy.
PERSONAL DETAILS:

Date of Birth 
    :    5th January 1976

Father’s Name 
         :    Sri Prabir Kumar Das

Marital Status
         :    Married

Languages Known 
         :    Bengali, English, Hindi

Current Compensation Package         :    Rs.5.65 lacs p.a 
Expected Salary
         :    Negotiable

Place: Kolkata 

Date:             





(SOMNATH DAS)                                                                                                          
