















































RESUME

Aakriti Verma
Email
  : aakritiverma310@gmail.com

    aakritiverma104@yahoo.in
Mobile   : +91-8050153127                                                         
                  
Objective:
To work in a collaborative environment where I can nurture and sharpen my skills and talent for the growth of company. 
Experience Summary: 

· 6 month of experience in the Networking (Switches, Routers) Domain.

· 1 year of experience in the Virtualization Domain on DDK and IOVP NIC certification in the Eco-Systems Engineering group with VMware Software India Pvt Ltd, in InterraIT . 

Skill Set:
Technologies

Networking, Router/switches.
ESX, Linux network administration and trouble shooting.

Working knowledge of device drivers.
Programming Languages

Fair knowledge of Dot Net. 

Operating Systems 

Windows XP, Linux, ESX 5.0 server, Windows Server 2003 & 2008 and Client OS
Experience details
HCM technology :  





Trainee 


: July 2010 to Sept 2010

Wipro :  
Associate 


: Jan 2011 to April 2011
InterraIT :
MTS L4


: April 2011 to April 2012
PROJECTS HANDLED 
Project 1
IOVP (I/O Vendor Program - Network Driver certification)
    Organization
: InterraIT.  

    Designation
: MTS
    Period

: Apr 2011 to Apr 2012
Roles and Responsibilities:
VMware:
· Installing and configuring ESX server 5.0.

· Installing, configuring and managing virtual infrastructure and virtual center, VI Client. 

· Creating and managing virtual machines and installing VM Tools into VM’s. 

· Performing test cases in the ESX server,
· Creating and managing VM Ware cluster. Enabling HA and DRS features in a cluster.

· Configurations of Virtual switches and network connections.

· Performing Snapshots, Cloning and migrations.
· Creating templates from VM’s and deploy VM’s from templates and allocate resources

· Troubleshooting virtual machine issues.
· Posting the drivers on HCL (Hardware Compatibility List) page, which is global site of VMware
· Posting the driver on Driver Build on Driver downloading Page of VMware.
Project 2
Technical Support 
    Organization
: WIPRO BPO.  

    Designation
: Associate
    Period

: Jan 2011 to Apr 2011

Roles and Responsibilities:
VERIZON:
· Installing and configuring Verizon Routers/Switches
· Troubleshooting problems of Verizon Routers/Switches
· Manage task, events and alarms along with L2 engineers.
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:
· B.E.       : Through Gwalior Engineering College, Gwalior, in the stream of    Computer Science and Engineering, in the year 2010, with Aggregate 74%
· +2
      : Through U.P. Board with an aggregate of 51%,
· 10th Std   :  Through Bihar Board with an aggregate of 71%. 
DECLARATION:
I Aakriti verma hereby declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge and I should be held responsible in case any incorrectness is found here after.    

(Aakriti Verma)
