












































MOHAMMAD SADAF

PRAJAKTA WAGHMARE







Bangalore


                     

   
     Email:praj886752@gmail.com










Mobile: +91-8867693466
Objective
To achieve success in all endeavours I undertake and establish a successful career rendering the best of my efforts with utmost sincerity and devotion. 

Domain Skills

· Having 13 months of experience in Credit Control accounting activities for world’s leading risk management broker.
· Extracting, analysing various dynamic data for interactive reports.
· Having good knowledge on Word, Excel, and Power point.
EMPLOYMENT RECITAL

June 2015 to August 2016 with Xchanging 

Designated as Associate (Department: Fiduciary Accounts)
Project#1:

Title

          : Fiduciary Accounts
Client

          : AON

Role

          : Associate
Duration                     : July 2015 to August 2016
Environment
          : MS Access, Excel, Word, Power point, Sector, Affirm, Pure
Description:

             The objective was to take ownership of complete Client and Underwriters ledger and collect premiums and arrange timely payments, review and keep ledger efficiently.

Responsibilities:

· Complete Client/Underwriting account review.
· Premium Collection for due balances and timely settlement.

· Effective management of correspondence/queries.

· Funds Allocation and reconciliation.

· Understanding the premiums cycle.

· Maintain a professional rapport with client [Assured] and Underwriter via periodic tele conferences.
· Maintain ledger
Technical skills
· Databases: Ms Office
· Tools: PowerPoint, Internet Applications, HTML/JavaScript , J2EE , DMS , DBMS
· Network O/S: MS- Windows 7, Windows XP ,Unix
EDUCATION


2014

Bachelor in Computer Application from Angadi Institute of Management Studies, Affiliated to                Ranichennamma University, Karnataka.
2011

12th from RL Science Institute, Pre University Board, Karnataka.
2009

10th from MVM English High School, Board of H S Examination, Karnataka.
· Achievements: -

· Best Organizer Award – was part of a very positive team which worked towards organizing inter college management event [CRESCIT 2014]
· NCC – was closely part of NCC[National Cadet Corps] for 5 years involved in 22 different camps across the state and was handed with  ‘A’,’B’ & ‘C’ certificate with A grading. 

· Best CADET – represented Karnataka in RDC [Republic Day Parade] was awarded [thrice] as best CADET.
· Captain – Have always been a leader, right from schooling – heading high school volley ball team for 3 consecutive years winning numerous listed trophies.

· Athlete – was a born athlete, competing, winning [High Jump, Sprinting, and Hurdles & Relay].
And participated in state level competition.
PERSONAL DOSSIER
Marital Status: Married [to Santhosh S Naidu]    

Date of Birth:
08 March 1993
Contact Address[Permanent]:#69/A , Someshwara Layout, Samarthanam Trust Road, Hulimavu, B.G Road, Bengaluru- 560076
Languages Known:
English, Hindi, Marathi, Kannada, and Telugu
Declaration

I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars.
Yours faithfully;
Place: Bangalore








Prajakta Waghmare
