
















































AMARJEET KUMAR
amarjeet.dreams@gmail.@gmail.com
Contact no:  7276964206

Objective

To achieve optimum results by utilizing knowledge and experience in the growth and development of the organization, aimed towards the ultimate success of the organization, which turns in my personal and technical enrichment. Work with group to develop my technical and Managerial Skills. 

Professional Summary
· Software professional having total 2.1 Years of experience in an IBM Mainframe environment, (Development and Maintenance).
· Currently working with Syntel Ltd., Pune, for a US based client American Express (Amex), in Banking Domain.
· Induction Training and depth knowledge of IBM mainframes MVS, COBOL, JCL, DB2, Eazytrieve and extensive knowledge of IBM Mainframe tools and techniques.
· Excellent analytical, technical and problem solving capabilities.
· Functional specialization in Health Care Domain and in BNFS domain as well.
· Having experience of working with multi-national company and close working relation with USA based client under strict quality and procedural environment.
Experience Summary 

	Company
	Designation
	Duration

	Syntel Ltd. 
	Software Engineer
	Oct. 2015 – Till date



Educational Qualifications 
Electronics and Telecommunication, B. E. (RGPV University) – 2015: Aggregate: 73.40%
Higher Secondary, 12th (H.S.C) – 2009: Aggregate: 62
Senior Secondary, 10th (S.S.C) – 2007: Aggregate: 79%
Technical Skill Set
	
Operating Systems	: Windows, MVS/OS-390, Z/OS. 
IBM Mainframe		: JCL, COBOL, DB2, VSAM, EASYTRIEVE, Rexx
Mainframe Tools	: FILEAID, ABEND-AID, PANVALET, CA7,Control-M,Changeman, Expeditor


Strengths: 
1. Highly flexible and adaptable performer
1. Hardworking, honest and sincere
1. Effective programmer with thoughts, analytical and communication skills

Project Details 
Employer: Syntel Ltd
American Express (Banking) (Jul’2016 – Till date)

Client			: Amex, USA
Type			: Maintenance, support and enhancement.
Technology Used	: COBOL, JCL, VSAM, DB2, Easytrieve,Rexx
Role			: Software Engineer, Associate Consultant
Team Size		: 08
Duration			: Jul’16 till date
The project delivers a major business functions to all Credit Card holders of American Express. The objective of the system is to process the award bonus to card members or merchants for any purchases made/transactions done through American Express credit cards. The system validates Card member transactions and process them through rule engine, the transactions hitting the threshold pre-defined for promotional offers will be awarded Bonus in terms of MR-Points, Statement Credit, Gift cards etc.

Triumph is responsible for ROCs (Record of charges) of card members. Triumph sends ROCs/Spends of CMs to downstream and the respective downstream team collect the ROCs and checks the eligibility of CMs under various promotions.

Responsibilities:

· Ensure adherence to standards during coding, so that it should be cost efficient.
· Providing fixes for the errors in the job and batch monitoring for cycles.
· Enhancement activities related to application as per requirements.
· Managing quarterly releases which include turn packages and oneshots.
· Answering queries and working on research activities raised by users.
· Work status reporting to Client Project Manager, Onsite counter-part and Project Lead.
· Delegating tasks and coordinating with team members with regards to the Tasks allocated.
· Ensure that the deliverables meet the SLA & quality standards of the project to avoid rework.
· Preparation of quality documentation for various audits.


MTV Infrastructure (Humana) (Nov’2015 – Jul’2016)

Client			: Humana, USA
Type			: Maintenance, support and enhancement.
Technology Used	: COBOL, JCL, VSAM, DB2, CICS
Role			: Trainee, Software Engineer
Team Size		: 10
Duration			: till Jul’16.
Humana BECC module is designed for Billing, Enrolment and Customer Care Portal modules.
I have been working for Humana Enrolment which is a very huge area where Customer files coming from all other Systems are actually checked and validated. Automated Enrollment (AE) is the application that processes incoming enrollment transactions for Humana members. AS’s primary role is to aggregate, edit, translate and route enrollment transactions to Humana’s backend Claims Adjudication Systems, MetaVance and CI/CAS. 
Responsibilities:
· Performed impact analysis, designing, coding and implementation as per the user’s requirements.
· Preparation of High Level design documentation of the system processes
·  Responsible for smooth functioning of all the jobs under my application
· Ensured 100% compliance and SLA meet.
· Performed quality related activities like filling equip and ensuring cause code compliance.

Personal Profile
Name			:   Amarjeet Kumar
Date of birth		:   01st Nov 1993
Sex			:   Male 
Nationality		:   Indian 
Marital Status		:   Single		 
Languages Known	:   English and Hindi.
Address			:   Sector no 25, Pradhikaran, Nigdi, Pune.
Contact			:   7276964206 

I hereby declare that all the above information’s correct to my knowledge.
Amarjeet Kumar
Pune

