














































 

Ankur Ahuja  
Mobile: (+91) 9840796026 |ahuja.ankur0290@gmail.com | Current Location: Chennai 

 
 

Professional Summary 
 
A dedicated Programmer Analyst with demonstrated expertise utilizing ETL tools (SSIS) and Microsoft Business 
Intelligence Tools (MSBI) with 2 years of experience. Able to function effectively as a team member and independently. 
 
 

Highlights 
 

 Worked on different phases of data warehouse development lifecycle, from gathering requirements to testing, 

implementation, and support. 


 Expertise in different areas of data warehousing concepts and its applications with other RDBM systems like SQL 

Server and Oracle. 


 Expertise in SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) with good knowledge on SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS). 
 

 Excellent in High Level Design of ETL DTS Packages & SSIS Packages for integrating data using OLE DB 

connection from heterogeneous sources like (Excel, CSV, Oracle, flat file, Text Format Data) by using multiple 

transformations provided by SSIS such as Data Conversion, Conditional Split, Derived Column , Merge, Merge 

Join, Lookup, Sort and Union all. 
 

 Experience in maintenance and Administration of SSIS by creating Jobs and schedule DTS/SSIS Packages. 


 Strong leader with experience training developers and advising technical groups on ETL best practices. 


 Excellent technical and analytical skills with clear understanding of design goals of ER modelling for OLTP 

systems. 


 Team player with excellent communication and problem solving skills. 
 
 
 
Educational Qualifications 

 

Examination University/Board Year of Completion 

   

Master of Technology VIT University 2015 

(Communication)   

   

Bachelors of Technology MDU, Rohtak 2011 

(ECE)   

   



 

Technical Skills 

 

MSBI SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS), SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) 

  

ETL Tools SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), Informatica 
  

Other Tools SQL Server Migration Assistant, Tableau (Reporting) 
  

Databases/RDBMS MySQL, MS SQL Server 2014/2012/2008, Sybase, Oracle 10g 

  

Operating Systems Windows - 2000/2007/XP Professional 
  

 

 

 

Career Profile 
 

 JBHunt Next CCI

 
Project JBHunt Next CCI Development 

  

Client JBHunt 
  

Period March 2017 to Till date 
  

Role Developer 
  

Responsibilities  Analysis of the tables and their relationship logically in DB2. 

  Data Modelling for Location, Contact Information and Geography existed in CCI as per the                   

 
new requirement. 

 

 Creating three schemas in SQL Server 2014 in Dev server for location, Contact Information 

     and Geography and created all the table structures in their respective schemas. 

 

 Creating SSIS packages for Data Load in the tables in Dev server and loaded data from DB2  
   to SQL Server 2014. 

  Parameterizing the SSIS packages created based on Server Name, Database Name, Sql 

 

     Username and Sql Password. 

 Unit Testing for all the tables loaded and matched the count with the client database DB2.  
    
 

 
 

Tools SSMS, SSIS, DB2 
 

Work Location Chennai 
 

 
 
 
 
 



 IPI2K – COBOL to SSIS Rewrite 
 

Project IPI2K - COBOL to SSIS Rewrite 
  

Client 3M (IPI2K - COBOL to SSIS rewrite) 
  

Period October 2016 to February 2017 
  

Role Developer 
  

Responsibilities  Analysis of existing COBOL functionalities and making the supporting documents. 

  Creating corresponding SSIS packages for different kinds of input provided by the 
 upstream system. 

  Creating SSIS packages running hourly, monthly and yearly. 

  Unit testing of all the packages created using normal and production data. 

  Scheduling SQL Server agent jobs using SQL Server Agent for all the packages in 33 
      different sites. 

  Creating packages for the proration logic required to convert the output from IPI2K 
 database. 

  Transferring all the prorated outputs into PSIA downstream system. 
  

Tools SSMS, SSIS 
  

Work Location Chennai 
  

 

 

 
 Sybase to SQL Server 2014 Migration 

Project Sybase to SQL Server 2014 Migration 
  

Client RMHP  
  

Period January 2016 to September 2016 
  

Role Developer 
  

Responsibilities  Comparison of all the objects and data in the source system with SOW provided. 

  Migrating those objects present in Sybase to SQL Server environment through 

 SSMA. 

  Load the data in all the tables through SSMA and SSIS. 

  Removing all the errors in the objects in development environment and making it 
 compatible to SQL Server 2014. 

  Executing custom objects in SQL server and its unit testing. 

  Preparing supporting documents for test assessments. 
  

Tools SSMS, SSIS, Sybase, SSMA 
  

Work Location Chennai 
  



 
Achievements and Participation 
  

 First position in District Level General Knowledge Competition. 
 Certified in National Level Chintana Science Exam. 
 Participated in Microsoft Dream Spark Yatra. 
 Participated in National Maths Olympiad. 
 Certified in many Curriculum Activities at school level and win many Prizes. 
 Got an appreciation certificate from Escorts Agri Machinery Group for the successful completion of 

summer training during B.Tech. 

 
 

Personal Details 
 

 Name : Ankur Ahuja 
 Date of Birth : 02/02/1990 
 Gender : Male 
 Marital Status : Single 
 Father’s Name : Mr. Ashok Ahuja 
 Current Location : Chennai 
 Current Position : Programmer Analyst 
 Linguistic Proficiency : English, Hindi and Punjabi. 
 Strength : Positive Attitude, Quick Learner & Punctual. 

 
 

(ANKUR AHUJA) 


