










































VIJAY BASKAR S

MADHAVARAMAN G.K                                    
 65/75, Senkeni Amman Kovil Street,                                        (: 09629014152                                           
Guindy,
                                                                           (:madhavaramangk@gmail.com                                                                                     
Chennai-94                                                                           
                                                                                                                                                      

To become an innovative Programmer who seeks a challenging position in an Organization which offers me an excellent work environment. 

· Overall 2 years IT experience in Analysis, Development, Maintenance and System Management` 
· Having 0.7  years of experience with Innoart Technologies from Mar 2018 as Software Engineer at Chennai, India.
· Worked 1.5  years of experience with Pageone Technologies from June 2016 as Software Development at Chennai, India.

· Served in Technical Role consisting of Developing and Maintaining Code for J2EE technologies .
· Possesses excellent technical knowledge & proficiency on relevant Java & J2EE technologies.

· Acquired a strong exposure to the different business functionalities while working in various business-complex initiatives Maintenance tasks.
· Extensive design and programming experience with web technologies like JSP, HTML, CSS and JavaScript and Angular.
· Ability to learn new Concepts and to adapt to new environments.


· Pursued Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics and communication engineering with 8.18 CGPA in this year of 2014  in Syed Ammal Engineering College,Ramanathapuram.
· Finished Higher Secondary Certificate in the year of 2010, with 84.91% in Sourashtra Higher Secondary School, Paramakudi. 
· Completed Secondary School Leaving Certificate in the year of 2008, with 86.2% in Sourashtra Higher Secondary School, Paramakudi.

· Programming Languages
:  Core Java, J2EE, Spring
· Web Technologies
            :   JSP, Angular4
· RDBMS                   
            :  MySQL
· Servers
                    
            :  Apache Tomcat 6

· Scripting Languages       
:  HTML 5, JavaScript, Typescript
· Operating Systems                 :  Windows 7, 8
· Tools/IDE                               :  Eclipse, MySql Workbench, Visual Studio Code
· Configuration Tools                  :  SVN


 Project Name
: Innotym
 Role


: Software Developer

 Duration

: Mar 2018 – Till Date

 Description



This project mainly deals with Banking domain. It is an online payment gateway that enables merchant’s to go market fast. Merchant’s can accept online payments made through credit card, debit card, UPI, digital wallet and net banking on our gateway. Merchant management system can maintanence the all information of merchant.

Project Name

: H-Soft
Role


: Software Developer

Duration

: Sep 2016 – Feb 2018
Description



The HR function consists of tracking existing employee data which traditionally includes personal histories, skills, capabilities, accomplishments salary, attendance and leave information. Leave System (HRMS) maintains the leave details of employees. Employees record their attendance in the system at the beginning and end of each working day. The system calculates the number of working days and the number of absent days and provides inputs to the payroll department.  Leave applications are reconciled with the attendance records and the exceptions are highlighted.  System caters to multiple types of leave (casual, privilege, sick etc.) and provides workflow for approval of leave applications.  Employees can check their own leave and attendance records online.
Roles and Responsibilities:
· As an offshore developer, I was responsible for requirements analysis and actively involve myself as a team member for the development of the module.

· Involved in Integration testing and implementation of the overall application.
· Involved in taking the clients requirements up-to-date and worked on them accordingly.

Tools Used:

· IDE

  : Eclipse, Visual Studio code
· Technologies
  : Java 1.8, JavaScript, Spring Api, Hibernate, Angular 4
· Database
  : My SQL

Name 

: G.K.Madhavaraman
   Father’s Name    

: G.L.Krishnamoorthy
  Date of Birth          

: 25-02-1993
  Nationality
 
: Indian

  Marital Status

: Single 

  Linguistic Abilities             
  : English, Tamil, Sourashtra.
  Permanent address

: Door no: 6/58H
                                                  Eswaran Kovil West Street, Emaneswaram, Paramakudi,

                                                  Ramnad district, TamilNadu
.

I hereby declare that all the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge. 
Place :                                                                                      


Date:








(Madhavaraman G K)

DECLARATION





PROFESSIONAL  OBJECTIVE



WORK EXPERIENCE





ACADEMIC  EXPOSURE





TECHNICAL SKILLS





PROJECT PROFILE





PERSONAL DETAILS







PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY









