













































CURRICULUM VIATE


 

  

CURRICULUM VITAE 

 

 

  

SUVENDU PATRA 

 

CONTACT DETAILS: 

Present: 15/3 Akshoy Kumar Mukherjee Road, Baranagore, North 24 Pargana, Kolkata-70090 

Permanent: Vill–Nabin Mahesh Pur, P.O.–Fateh Pur, Dist.–Paschim Medinipur, Pin-721146 

Mobile: +919903065474 

Email:suvendupatracse@gmail.com 

 

 

SUMMARY: 

 

 Having 9+ years of experience in web application development using LAMP technology 

 Having 5+ years of experience in python and data processing(ETL) 

 Having experience in developing applications based on e-Learning, e-Commerce, Content 

Management, Enterprise Solution & CRM Solution 

 Having experience in planning the architecture of the system under the supervision of solution 

architect 

 Having experience for taking requirements from clients, planning for the development process 

and execution and finally the delivery of the same. 

 Having experience for managing a team from 3 - 10 members. 

 Having experience in deploying the applications, giving demo to the clients and taking 

feedback for the changes if required. 

 Having experience to prepare development breakdown plan and sprint plan under the 

supervision of project manager  

 Goal Oriented 

SKILLS: 

 

 Technical skills: Python/PHP/Postgres/Mysql/JavaScript/HTML 

o PYTHON frameworks used: Django, Flask 

o RDBMS: MYSQL 5.x, PostgreSQL8.4, Amazon Redshift 

o Big Data: Hadoop, Hive 

o Template Engine: smarty, Pear(Html template sigma) 

o JavaScript libraries : Jquery, AngularJs 

o Caching Engine: Memcache,Redis, Zend/Yii file cache 

o NoSql Database: CouchDB, MongoDb, DynamoDB 

o Version Controll: SVN, Git 

o Continuous Integration Tool: Jenkins 

o Devops Tool: Ansible 

o Server Platform: Linux/Unix, windows server 2008 

o Cloud platform: Rackspace, Softlayer, Amazon Web Services  

o PHP frameworks used: Yii, Zend, Laravel, Cakephp, Code Igniter 

o IDE & Tools: Zend Studio 9, NetBeans, Dreamwear CS2, Eclipse, TortiseSVN 1.7.4 

 Additional Technical Skill: Java/J2ee 

 Others Tools :  

o Used YSlow, Page Speed for performance tuning and optimization of UI 

o Used Firebug, Firebug PHP and IE Profiler for troubleshooting and debugging 

o Bug tracking tool : Mantis, Bugzila, Jira 
o Agile Project Management Tool (Rally, Confluence) 

mailto:suvendupatracse@gmail.com


 

o Code coverage, pylint, pep8 and sonar cube 
 Processes & SDLC: Agile Scrum and CMMI processes 

 

CERTIFICATIONS: 

 

 ZEND PHP 5.3 Certification 

 Certificate in Networking Management (LINUX Environment) from IIT, Kharagpur. 

 Python and Django from SpringPeople Software Private Limited 

 Core Java Certification from CMC Limited 
 

AWARD & RECOGNITION: 

 

 Star Performer of the Quarter(Q-4 2012-13), LearningMate Solutions Pvt Ltd 

 Best project Delivery Team of Quearter 2, 2014-15, LearningMate Solutions Pvt Ltd 

 Best Project Delivery of the Year 2013-2014, LearningMate Solutions Pvt Ltd 

 Best process compliance project of the Quarter(Q1, 2015-16), LearningMate Solutions Pvt 

Ltd 

 

 

EXPERIENCE: 
 

Team Lead, LearningMate Solutions Pvt Ltd, Kolkata. 

Duration: Sept, 2012 to till date 

Responsibilities: Requirement analysis & sprint planning, architecture design, programming, 

solving mission critical problem, maintaining task timeline, code merging & deployment in several 

environments (i.e. Development, QA, Staging and Production), coordinating with clients and 

internal team. 

 

Senior Software Engineer, Aptsource Software Pvt Ltd, Kolkata. 

Duration: Nov, 2010 to Sept, 2012 

Responsibilities: Requirement analysis, architecture design and project tracking, communicating 

with Clients, programming, solving mission critical problem, maintaining task timeline, 

coordinating with clients &  leading a team (5 member). 

 

Senior Software Developer, BEAS Consultancy and Services Pvt Ltd, Kolkata. 

Duration: March, 2010 to Nov, 2010 

Responsibilities: Requirement analysis, planning, architecture design and project tracking, 

communicating with Clients, programming, solving mission critical problem, maintaining task 

timeline, managing team. 

 

Senior Developer,Webicon Technologies (present name SBR Technologies pvt Ltd), Kolkata. 

Duration: Oct, 2009 to March, 2010 

Responsibilities: Requirement analysis, planning, architecture design and project tracking, 

communicating with Clients, programming, solving mission critical problem, maintaining task 

timeline, managing team(size: 10). 

 

Web Developer,Eslarr Infoservices, Kolkata. 

Duration: May, 2008 to May, 2009 

Responsibilities: Programming, individual project handling. 

  



 

 

PROJECT UNDERTAKEN: 

 

SuccessMaker: 

SuccessMaker is an adaptive and prescriptive scheduling intervention program delivering both 

reading and math curriculum. 

Skill Set: Python, Ansible,  Aws services 

Role: Work with devops team for IT automation(aws cloud deployment) using python and ansible 

 

Eatoji: 

This is a e-commerce platform where provider sale their food(meal) to the consumer. Consumer 

can search, order the meal and pay online. Consumer can post meal requirement to get bid from 

the nearest provider.  

Skill Set: Python, Django REST, Mysql, Amazon S3, Payment gateway(Stripe), Google apis, 

Social login(Google and facebook) 

Role: Team Leader. 

 

Dynamodb Backup/Restore Utility: 

 

Build python script to backup and restore utility using dynamodb apis. It will genearte backup of 

data and schema as json file and upload it to S3 bucket. Restore script will download data and 

schema from S3, then create(if not existed)/update dynamodb table using dynamodb apis. After 

successful backup or restore action an email will be sent to administrators. Several other 

complexities like large data volume and exception handling has been handled. 

Skill Set: Python, Amazon Dynamodb, Amazon S3, SES, Threading 

Role: Team Leader. 

 

 

iLit Reporting Services API and ETL: 

Different web services build to provide reporting data, based on user supplied parameter. ETL has 

been designed and developed for replicating data from amazon dynamodb to redshift database. 

Aws lambda functions has been developed to save data for every event of dynamodb to Redshift 

and S3 bucket for future processing dynamodb content. 

Reporting formats has been supported json data, pdf and csv reports. 

A book recommendation engine has been developed based on complex algorithm so that based 

on student behavior, marks, grade and interest area a set of books will be shown as 

recommended. 

Skill Set: Python, Flask, Amazon Redshift, Amazon S3, Amazon lambda, Jenkins 

Role: Team Leader. 

 

 

iLit CMS and content migration Utility: 

This CMS build to manage curriculum content for pearson Education. Authors generate grade 

content with respective to different product-grade. Content can be anything with composition of 

text/media (audio/video/image/epub).  

Content migration tool has been build to package and deliver content in the form of JSON and 

media so that other services platform can grab it, which will serve through the iLit platform in 

various devices. Content migration utility is a multi threaded application which can process 

several GB of data in few minutes. 

 

Skill Set: python, Django, PostgresSql, Amazon S3, cloudfront, IBM cloudant (couchDB), JAVA 

SCRIPT (AngularJs, Jquery) 

Role: Module Leader.   
 



 

 

TEACH-NOW 

This is a platform to conduct certification examination for teacher’s training program. There are 

several activities and workflow through which one candidate will be examined and graded. Apart 

from this, there are several others features have been implemented like virtual classroom, chat 

(one to one), charts and reports to represent several analysis. 

 

Skill Set:PHP, YII Framework, MYSQL, HTML, JAVA SCRIPT (Jquery) and AJAX, Third party APIS 

(Adobe connect, twitter). 

Role: Senior Software Engineer.   
 

 

REVIEW ANALYST  

This is a web application where subscribed hotels owner can check their hotel’s reviews which are 

parsed from different renowned portals. Reviews are crawled from the referred sites and saved to 

the database.Particular hotel can set their competitors hotel and also can check their competitor’s 

information also. There are several analytical tools (which represent data in graphical charts and 

also export data in different format like csv, pdf, word, rtf and txt) which really help one’s 

business to run smoothly in the competitive market scenario. 

Skill Set:PHP, Zend Framework, Xpath query, MYSQL, HTML, JAVA SCRIPT (Jquery) and AJAX, 

Cloud technologies. 
Important feature:Web crawling,Google search integration (XML search engine), APIs 

integration (Facebook, Twitter, Foursquare, Bazaarvoice, TrustYou, Google blogs …etc), 

implementation of cloud server and application monitoring tool.  

Role: Lead developer.   
 

SAPBIDS  

This is an online portal for SAP contractor and employer. Employer can post their job requirement 

or can invite a contractor to bid for their job. Contractor bids for the job and if got selected then 

they have to accept job agreement from the employer. There are escrow and milestone payment 

system to secure contractors. Besides this, there are internal messaging system, rating system 

for both contractor and employer. This portal holds all typical features of a job portal like 

peopleperhour.com, freelancer.com. 

Skill Set:PHP, Zend Framework, MYSQL, HTML, JAVA SCRIPT (Jquery) and AJAX. 
Important feature: payment gateway API (PayPal express checkout and mass pay), Google 

search API integration (XML search engine) 

Role: Lead developer   

 

Booking Data Extraction Tool 

This tool was made on demand extraction of event show details and its sits availability. User will 

select the sites where from they want to grab the information and in the settings page they have 

provide gmail credential where they want to get the report as google spreadsheet.System will 

parse the information from the mentioned sites and will generate a spreadsheet with multiple 

spreadsheet tab and upload it to provided user’s gmail account as google docs. 

Skill Set:PHP, Zend Framework, MYSQL, Xpath query, HTML, JAVA SCRIPT (Jquery) and AJAX, 

Google APIs. 

Role: Lead developer   

 

Above mentioned projects have been executed in last 3-4 years. I have executed 

several other projects which can be shared on request.    

 

EDUCATIONAL DETAILS: 

 



 

Name of 

Examination 

University Institution Name Year of 

Passing 

DGPA 

 

B.Tech (Computer 

Science & Engineering) 

 

W.B.U.T 

College of Engineering 

& Management, 

Kolaghat 

 

 

2008 

 

    7.76 

 

Name of 

Examination 

School Board /University Year of 

Passing 

Percentage 

Higher 

Secondary 

S.S.PATNA HIGH 

SCHOOL 

W.B.C.H.S.E 2003 72.9 

Madhyamik 

 

N.K.K.B HIGH 

SCHOOL 

W.B.B.S.E 2001 79.13 

 

INDUSTRIAL TRAINING: 
 

One month project-based vocational training on JAVA (CORE) conducted under CMC Education. 

 

 

PERSONAL INFORMATION: 

 

Father’s Name : Mr. Basudev Patra. 

Date of Birth   : 29
th
 April, 1985. 

Marital Status  : Married 

Gender  : Male. 

Language Known : Bengali, English, Hindi. 

 

About Me: 

I am self motivated and believe in result oriented solution. 

 

DECLARATION: 

 

I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge. 

 

DATE:    30.10.2017                                                                                  SUVENDU PATRA                                                                                                          


