


















































S.ANAND KUMAR
Email : anands2994@gmail.com	Mobile: 9790143589


OBJECTIVE:
	
Offering 2+ years of experience as Customer Service Executive in BPO services. Seeking a challenging carrier by giving all my skills to my profession and awaiting for a initiative role.

WORK HISTORY:
Experience:
Organization: Hinduja global solution, Chennai, Tamil Nadu.
Designation: Customer Service Executive
Period: September 2016 to May 2017
Experience:
Organization: HCL technologies Chennai, Tamil Nadu.
Designation: Customer Service Executive
Period: June 2017 to Current

Project description:

APRIA Healthcare provides home respiratory services and durable medical equipments. Here my role is to create an order to provide the equipment to the patient, thereafter creating a bill for equipment and submit it to APRIA, later Apria will claim the amount from the patient insurance provider. 
 
Roles and responsibilities

	 TRACK NAME: DEFICIT REDUCTION ACT (DRA)

·  Acting like a Subject Matter Expertise(SME)
· Creating bill as per the document received from the DME Supplier
· Verifying patient records like medical necessity to use that equipment 
· Sending the bill receipt to DME company
· Handing calls and clarifying the doubts about new updates
· Conducting training for new associates and achieving the productivity
· Working knowledge applications such as SharePoint, BPM and ACIS
· Maintaining consistent quality (100%) for last six month. 


            


TRACK NAME: OVERNIGHT OXIMETRY (ONO)

· Receiving fax as per the document received from the DME Supplier
· Need to analyze the fax.
· On the fax need to check patient demographics, diagnosis, equipment, physician signature and order date. 
· Updating accurate health information of patient in the particular software
· Sending the fax to the DME Company.

Technical Skills:

Software: Citrix, ACIS, BPM and Share Point.
OS: windows 10.
Rich experience in MS word, Excel, Power point.
 
Strengths:

-Flexibility and Adaptability to work in any environment. 
-Willingness to accept any challenge irrespective of its complexity. 
-Enthusiastic and can produce results under deadline constraints.

EDUCATION QUALIFICATIONS:


	Course
	INSTITUTION 
UNIVERSITY/BOARD
	Year of 
Passing
	Percentage
/CGPA

	
B.E(E.C.E)
	 
Panimalar institution of technology
	 
 2016
	 6.9

	Diploma
	Panimalar polytechnic college
	 2013
	 85

	10th
	Vellayan Chettiar Higher Sec. School
	 2010
	 67 















Personal Details:
Name 			:	Anand Kumar .S
Father Name 	:	Selvam. A
Date of Birth		:	29–09-1994
Nationality		:	Indian
Language		:	Tamil, English
Address		: 	No: 3/2 K. R. Ramasamy Nagar,
Thiruvottiyur, Chennai – 600 019

I hereby solemnly and sincerely affirm that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge. 

Date:  								          Sincerely,
Place: Chennai				                                                     Anand Kumar. S

