












































ATUL KUMAR SINGH

GURPREET KAUR

[Address]  628, Sector 17A



Gurgaon -122001

[E-Mail]
  gurpreet.stp@gmail.com
[Phone]  +91 7428138427 (Mobile)
               +91 9559317859 (Mobile)

Objective
Looking forward to work in a competitive and challenging environment that uses my skills 
Summary
· A budding professional with B.E  from GURU NANAK DEV Engineering College, Bidar
· Worked as Technical Associate in Wipro in KODAK process   
· Acquired knowledge and understanding of programming in C++, Core Java, J2EE (JSP, Servlet), and My Sql.

· Excellent team player with strong analytical and leadership skills.

· Ability in learning new concepts quickly and communicating ideas effectively.

Experience

· Worked as Technical Associate with Wipro from Jan 2011 to Apr 2012.

· Worked as Associate(Trainee) in Reliable Technologies
Education

· B.E.(C.S.) from Visvesvaraya Technological University, Belgaum in 2010.
·  Inter (10+2) from U.P. Board, Allahabad in 2006.

· High School (10th) from U.P. Board, Allahabad in 2004.
Certification

· ORACLE CERTIFIED PROFESSIONAL PROGRAM AS AN Oracle Certified Professional, Java SE 6 Programmer

· Sun Learning Services course in Sun Java Programming Language SL 275 from Sun Microsystems
Technical Skills:
Operating Systems

:
Windows XP/7/ Server 2003
Languages

:
C, C++, Java
Technologies

:
J2EE (JSP, Servlet)

RDBMS                                  
:
My SQL Server 
Web Language


:
HTML, JavaScript
PROJECTS DETAILS

1. Project Title: - Tour Travel Agency (Zone wise ticket issue and generate report).
Tour Travel Agency Software support towards generate smoothly computerized report, zone wise information improved Tour administration. It also provides an accurate Vehicle needs in each zone.  A data warehouse of such records can be utilized for statistical requirements and for research. 

It is modeled on the unique combination of a ‘Tourist and staff centric’ paradigm, thus providing benefits to both the recipients and the providers of Traveling. It ensures dramatic improvement in performance along with reducing the costs.

The area of working involves the development of Tour Travel module for the application. 
Tour Travel Management (TTM) Module:-The TTM module is aimed at storing, generation; maintenance; distribution and handling of various Traveling Agency which are support for make decision. 
Launguage/Tools: - My Sql, J2EE  1.3 
2. Password Generator Using Blowfish Algorithm:-

This java based Password Generator allows you to create random passwords that are highly secure and extremely difficult to crack or guess due to an optional combination of lower and upper case letters, numbers and punctuation symbols.

Blowfish is a variable-length key, 64-bit block cipher. The algorithm consists of two  parts: a key-expansion part and a data- encryption part. Key expansion converts a key of at most 448 bits into several sub key arrays totaling 4168 bytes. Data encryption occurs via a 16-round Feistel network. Each round consists of a key dependent permutation, and a key- and data-dependent substitution. All operations are XORs and additions on 32-bit words. The only additional operations are four indexed array data lookups per round.
Language/Tools:- Core Java
EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES

· Participated in Republic Day Parade in 2002 at Police Line Ground, Sitapur

· Stood second in Dogde ball at School level

· Participated in College Level Badminton

· Participated in Quiz’s, Collage, & On Spot Programming

                                                                           
