

























Ankush Bhat 
ankushbhat279@gmail.com 
+91-9975479370 
 

Objectives 
To work in software integrated organisation and to get more knowledge from the organization              

that gives me the opportunity to utilize my technical and personal skills in achieving goals and help                 

me grow in my career. 

Job Profile: 
● System Engineer at Infosys Technologies Ltd. ,Mysore (June 2014 – November 2014)  

 
● Test Engineer at Infosys Technologies Ltd., Pune (December 2014 – Till Date)  

Technical Expertise:  
Programing languages :-               Core Java basics 

Operating Systems:                        UNIX, LINUX, Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows xp 

Databases:                                       SQL Server, Oracle 

Tool:                                                  Confluence 

Test Management Tool:                Application Life Cycle Management(ALM), HP QC, JIRA,RMS,  

Applications:                                    WinSCP, Putty, Toad, Summit, TSAR,MS  ,GPP,GHT 

Office,RMS,Summit,,Excel 

Experience Summary: 
● Currently involved in Data warehouse testing(SWAPS reporting) of Banking domain 

application(Deutsche Bank). 
● Performed Functional testing, Database testing, UI testing,End to End testing, Middle 

Office. 

Professional Competency:  
● Good Knowledge of Capital market especially in OTC-derivatives for FX, Rates, Credits. 
● Expertise in Confirmations, valuation , End to End reporting of Rates, Credits, Forex and              

Commodities. 
● Worked in SQL, UNIX, ALM, Testing execution, design, review and Defect Tracking etc.  
● Worked on Agile methodologies. 
● Communicated with different stakeholders as and when required and always received           

appreciation for the participation ad suggestions from the client.  

Achievements:  
Insta-award for excellent performance in delivering a complex project at Infosys and also 
received award from Deutsche bank for performing ad hoc testing and fixing a production bug 
in a very Short notice. Always been the key resource of the team and have performed well 
beyond my potential.  



Trainings:  
● Pl/SQL 

 
● Payments basics 
● GPP(Global PayPlus external certification) 

 
 
Project Details: 

● Regulatory Reporting(SWAPS Reporting) 
 

Description: 
● Worked for End to End reporting of the trades, Confirmations, Valuation of EMIR, CFTC 

(Dodd-Frank), Canada,APAC jurisdictions for FX,rates,credits. 
● The Objective is to work with a broad section of the OTC derivative market including rates, 

credits, equities, foreign exchange and commodity contracts . 
● The project is related to do real time processing of FPML (Financial Product Markup 

language) trade messages received from source systems(internal Bank upstream system) 
for creation of regulatory reports such as Confirmation, Continuation (EOD Snapshot), 
Valuation, RT and PET reports. 

 
Roles & Responsibilities: 
● Participate in peer reviews of software requirements, designs and test procedures. 
● Prepare Query Log, Test Scenarios, Test Cases and Requirement Traceability Matrix(RTM). 
● Perform Sanity, System, Functional, and Regression testing. 
● Develop c SQL queries for SQL database to validate backend data. 
● Execute Test Cases; analyse, troubleshoot and resolve Bugs. 
● Document and analyse test results, issue faced and recommend corrective measures. 
● Work closely with Test Lead during the Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) by ensuring full               

test coverage of the test cases. 
● Active participation in daily stand up and defect triage calls.  
● Worked for product validation to maintain the applications provided by developers. 

 
Project Details: 

● UK high value payments (SRP- chnages ) 
Description: 
● Working for End to End publishing of Payments using GPP . Working with different 

channels like SMS,schemes ,UKBA,SOLD,BEM 
● The Objective is to work with a broad section of the payments of different types like 

MT103,MT202,MT202cov etc. 
● The project is related to do real time testing of payments using Global pay plus application 

in proximity of different channels like UKBA,BEM,SOLD,SMS. 
● SRP programme which is currently under process is meant to separate risk customers from 

that of retails ones. A new entity altogether is being made and tested for different 

scenarios. 

 
Roles & Responsibilities: 
● Participate in peer reviews of software requirements, designs and test procedures. 
● Prepare Query Log, Test Scenarios, Test Cases and Requirement Traceability Matrix(RTM). 
● Perform Sanity, System, Functional, and Regression testing. 



● Develop c SQL queries for SQL database to validate backend data. 
● Execute Test Cases; analyse, troubleshoot and resolve Bugs. 
● Document and analyse test results, issue faced and recommend corrective measures. 
● Work closely with Test Lead during the Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) by ensuring full               

test coverage of the test cases. 
● Active participation in daily stand up and defect triage calls.  
● Worked for product validation to maintain the applications provided by developers. 

 

 

Academic Records9 
Qualificatio

n 
College/School University/Boar

d 
Year  Percenta

ge 

BE-IV Year 

(1​st​ Sem.) 

MIT, Pune Pune University 2014 70.0% 

BE – III Year  MIT, Pune Pune University 2013 66.3% 

BE – II Year MIT, Pune Pune University 2012 61.1% 

BE – I Year MIT, Pune Pune University 2011 73.9% 

HSC Vishwabharti Senior 

Secondary School 

J&K State Board 2010 92.4% 

SSC Abhay Higher 

Secondary school 

J&K State Board 2008 92.4% 

 

Other Achievements:  
▶ Was 6​th​ topper in J&K state in class XIIth. 
▶ Awarded with trophy and scholarship for being state topper by Amul India. 
▶ Won 1​st​ prize in Paparazzi  competition organised by MIT Axlerate 2011, Pune. 
▶ Second topper in FE Civil in 2010-11. 
▶ Member of runner-up cricket team in inter-departmental tournament in 2012. 
▶ Organised religious activity in Jain Temple at old city and Masjid at Karve road, Pune. 
▶ Organiser and head of Paper Presentation held under national event Nirmitee 2014, 

MIT Pune.  

Extra Curricular Activities: 
▶ Event Head (English Extempore) in Abhivyakti, 2012. 
▶ Volunteered in Abhivyakti, 2011 and departmental event Nirmitee, 2012-13. 
▶ Active member of Hindi Team of annual college magazine Saurabh since 2012. 
▶  Participated in Paparazzi in Axlerate, 2011. 
▶ Selected in NIIT school program in 2009-10. 



Interests 
● Writing Poems 
● Cricket 
● Music 
● Movies 

Personal Information 
Father’s Name 
Mother’s Name 

Mr. Rattan Lal Bhat 
Mrs Kiran 

Date of Birth 12​th​ April, 1992 
Gender Male 
Marital Status Single 
Languages Known English, Hindi 
Nationality Indian 
Permanent Address H no 303 sector Ist Vinayak Nagar Muthi Jammu 
Contact Numbers +91-9975479370 
E-mail Address ankushbhat279@gmail.com 

 

Declaration: 
 
I hereby declare that the above-furnished details are accurate to the best of my knowledge and 
assure you my services to the satisfaction. 
 
 
 
 
Ankush Bhat 

 

mailto:ankushbhat279@gmail.com
mailto:ankushbhat279@gmail.com
mailto:ankushbhat279@gmail.com

