














































HERBERTSON HENDRY P 
9/5GovindappaNaicken street, Seven wells, Chennai-600001 

Cell: +91 7092073307, HERBERTSONHENDRY1@gmail.com 

 

Career Objective 

 

Seeking a challenging full-time position in an organization which gives me an 

opportunity to use my analytical thinking to the best of my ability combined with 

perseverance, so as to contribute to organization growth and goal, as well as to attain my 

professional goal. 

 

 

Personal Attributes 

 

➢ Detailed oriented, self-motivated entry level accounting professional. 
➢ Exceptional communication skills. 
➢ Hardworking, detail oriented, accountable. 
➢ Microsoft word processing, Microsoft power point, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Access 

and Microsoft Outlook. 

➢ Flexibility, Adoptability and willingness to learn. 
➢ Bi-lingual in English, Tamil. 
➢ Good exposure with Quick Book Intuit. 

 

Education Qualification 

 

Name of the 

Examination 

 

Grade 
Name of the Institution Year of passing 

 

 

                 MBA 

 

 

80.6% 

 

TAGORE ENGINEERING 

COLLEGR 

 

 

2018 

 
B.COM(CS) 

 

59.9% 

 

MADRAS UNIVERSITY. 
 

2016 

 

 

 

HSC 

 

 

75.5% 

   ST.GABRIEL’S 

HIGHERSECONDARY 

CHOOL,CHENNAI 

 

 

    

 

          2013 

 

S.S.L.C. 

 

69.9% 
   ST.GABRIEL’S 

HIGHERSECONDARY 

CHOOL,CHENNAI 

 

 

2011 



 

 

Experience  

 

➢ Currently working as a Account Executive in US Accounts (with Quick Books 2015) in 

KRG Technologies India Pvt. Ltd in Chennai from the period of May 2018 to till date. 

 

 

US Accounts (with Quick Books) Roles & Responsibilities: 

 

➢ Invoicing: preparing monthly invoices and submitting them to US clients, keeping track 

of payments, following-up on invoices 

➢ Process monthly Invoices (ex: HCL , CTS , Mind etc) 

➢ Pay clients upon receiving payments according to the terms of contract (Corp2Corp, 

1099) 

➢ Receive weekly timesheets/open report; keep records of each consultants hours worked 

per week 

➢ Deposits entry  

➢ Creating and uploading 1099 and C2C Bill’s 

➢ A/R & A/P utilizing Quick Books Posted EFT funds.  Matched P.O.’s with invoices, wrote 

checks to vendors 

➢ Extract open report .PDF data using Time Sheet 

➢ Receive payments by check ; enter into Excel and Quicken to keep a record 

➢ Heavy data entry of invoices, matching the purchase orders with the invoices 

➢ Aging reports (ex: Vendor Bill & Invoice’s) 

➢ Assisted Accounting manage the accurate reconciliation, ledger entry and reporting. 

➢  Skilled in receiving and processing all Vendor transactions Bills  

➢ In-depth knowledge of maintaining positive customer relations by means of proper 

handling of all transactions, in keeping with established procedures. 

➢ Dedicated and detailed—high level of accuracy and strong attention to detail. 

 

 



 

Accounts Payable Coordinator 

 Processed all invoices for approvals. 

 Entered the invoices into the QuickBooks 

 Answer phones and provide phone and email Vendor service 

 Saving checks for various companies, void checks if necessary 

 Handled mail, updated the filing system 

 

 

 

Technical Qualification 

 

➢ MS Office (MS OUTLOOK,EXCEL, WORD, PowerPoint) 

➢ Quick Book Intuit 2015. 

➢ Cash pro 

➢ LSQ 

 

Personal Information 

 

Date of birth  : 29-06-1995. 

Sex   : Male 

Name   : Herbertson Hendry. P, 

Marital Status : Single 

Nationality  : Indian 

Languages Knows : English, Tamil. 

 

 

 

Date :                                         
Place :                                              Your Sincerely, 

 
HERBERTSON HENDRY  

 


