



















































    										NISHUL PRIYA									Email:nishul.priya05@gmail.com	
  									 Phone:  +91 9739328639


OBJECTIVE:

Skilled in data analytics and keen to explore the new emerging technology of data science. 3 Years of domain knowledge of Retail and Customer sales promotion. Experience of working with different database technology.   

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

· Operating System          Windows, Unix
· Databases	            Oracle Database 12c, MySQL, Progress 4GL
· Tools & Utilities 	            R Studio, SAS, Anaconda,
· Language	            R language, SQL, Python, SAS
· Visualization                   Tableau 
· Machine Learning          Regression, Classification, Time Series, Clustering, MBA etc
· Big Data                          Undergoing training

Domain Knowledge

· Retail
· Supply Chain and Inventory
· Customers Sales Promotion


Projects on Machine Learning:

Sales Prediction Analysis using R: 
The aim was to build a predictive model and find out the sales of each product at a particular store.
Overview over process followed.
Data Cleaning: Worked on missing values, Outliers, Feature Engineering, Encoding Categorical Variable. 
Exploratory Data Analysis: Univariate and Bivariate Analysis.
Model & Prediction: Used Linear Regression, Random Forest for model creation then doing prediction on test data set.
Evaluate: We evaluated our models using Root Mean Squared Error (RMSE)


Bike Sharing Demand Analysis using R:- 
The aim was to forecast bike rental demand of Bike sharing program in Washington, D.C based on historical usage patterns in relation with weather, time and other data.
Overview over process followed.
Data Cleaning: Worked on missing values, Outliers, Feature Engineering, Encoding Categorical Variable. 
Exploratory Data Analysis: Univariate and Bivariate Analysis.
Model & Prediction: Used decision tree, Random Forest for model creation then doing prediction on test dataset and found that random forest is performing the best.

San Francisco crime rate using Python:-
The dataset provides nearly 12 years of crime reports from across all of San Francisco's neighbourhoods. Given time and location, we need to predict the category of crime that occurred.
Data Cleaning: Worked on missing values, Outliers, Feature Engineering, Encoding Categorical Variable. 
Exploratory Data Analysis: Univariate and Bivariate Analysis.
Model & Prediction: Used KNN Algorithm, Logistic Regression
For model creation then doing prediction on test data set and found that random forest is performing the best.
Evaluate: We evaluated our models using multi-class logarithmic loss

Healthcare Analysis using R: 
The aim was to build a predictive model and find out the inferences that can be built on the basis of healthcare survey.
Overview over process followed.
Data Cleaning: Worked on missing values, Outliers, Feature Engineering, Encoding Categorical Variable. 
Exploratory Data Analysis: multivariate
Examine the effect of racism on health.
Examine the relationship of eating and drinking habits on general health.
Examine Factors affecting mental health.
Interrelation of various diseases.



EDUCATION:

	Institution
	Degree/Board
	Year of Passing
	CGPA/Percentage

	Proschool IMS, Bangalore
	PG Diploma: Data Science (Part-time)
	2018
	---

	BNM Institute  Of Technology
	B.Tech (ECE)- VTU
	2015
	65%

	DAV Public School, BSEB, Patna
	CBSE
	2010
	74.4%

	DAV Public School, Khagaul, Patna
	CBSE
	2008
	90%




PERSONAL DETAILS: 

· Date of Birth   : 04-12-1992
· Gender	            : Female
· Nationality      : Indian
· Marital Status : Unmarried
· Languages      : English, Hindi


WORK EXPERIENCE: Total 3.0 yrs as Data Analyst & Application Development Analyst

1. Retail Innovation Team (Accenture Services Pvt Ltd.)  : December 2017 to Till Date

Project Details : Bringing up innovation ideas and implementation using latest technologies
Position            : Data Analyst
Domain	: Retail


2. Whole Foods Marketing (Accenture Services Pvt Ltd.)  : September 2017 to December 2017

Project Details : Support for Application Databases.
Position            : Application development Analyst
Domain	: Retail POS

3. Proctor & Gamble (Accenture Services Pvt Ltd.)  : February 2017 to September 2017 

Project Details : Retail Enhancement
Position            : Application development Analyst
Domain             : Customer Sales Promotion

3. Specsavers (Accenture Services Pvt Ltd.)  : August 2015 to February 2017

Project Details: Retail Enhancement
Position           : Application development Analyst
Domain             : Retail Healthcare, Inventory, Supply Chain


TASKS AND RESPONSIBILITIES 

· Analyzing the business requirements obtained from the client.
· Knowledge transfer between client & team.
· Involved in designing of technical solution options.
· Developed Service Level Code using Openedge 4GL and PL/SQL.
· Troubleshooting technical, operational, functional issues/tasks.
· Performed Unit testing, Integration testing, and Performance testing.
· RCA & RFC documentation
· End User Documentation

PERSONAL SKILLS

· Have deep interest and ability in data analysis with a good eye to detail.
· Capable of working in teams as well as independently with excellent communication, interpersonal and analytical skills.
· Highly adaptable to fast-paced software development environment requiring quick problem solving skills without compromising on the quality of work.
· Exceptional ability to quickly master new concepts and technologies.
· Keen to learn new technologies and master them.


INTEREST AND HOBBIES:

· Passion and Interest in Data Science and Artificial Intelligence, pursuing it.
· Travelling and Socialising

