











































































                                          RESUME

MAYUKH CHANDA

Permanent Address :186A Linton Street Kolkata-700014

Present Address: Electronic City Bangalore -560100

Mobile/8910855568/9720267981
Email: mayukhchanda343@gmail.com
· Objective

An individual with positive attitude, and willing to develop in an organization with the experience knowledge and capability in order to achieve the organization goals and objectives and also a reliable contributing member of a team. I believe in hard and smart work…

EDUCATION:
10TH   ICSE FROM ST AUGUSTINE DAY SCHOOL

12TH ISE FROM ST SABESTIAN SCHOOL

B.com in accounts and finance   FROM SOUTH CITY COLLEGE

LANGUAGES KNOWN:
English, Hindi, Bengali

Work Experience:
Working for Wipro for 15 months as Recruiter
Working for Concentrix for   9 months as HR Recruiter.
Working for Infosys as HR Recruiter (Talent Acquisition) from August 2017 till present.
Responsible for End - to - End Recruitment (Sourcing, HR Screening, liaising with ops panelists for interview, offer negotiation, fitment, and onboarding) • Have experience into walk in management, hired candidates for voice and non-voice business verticals. • Hired for telecom, Banking, Tech support business verticals • Identifying Hiring Manager needs and delivery as per SLA. • Good communication, analytical thinking and problem-solving skills. • Maintaining Channel mix by hiring through Vendors, Employee Referrals and Walk-in • Sourcing profiles through different sources like job portals, internal database, references etc. to deliver the right talent to business. Experienced in IT recruitment through job portals and vendor database, floating requirements offline, negotiation, vendor management, PO and offer release, handing international hiring for permanent and contractual basis, sourcing and onboarding candidates.
Roles AND Responsibilities
· Recruiting experience in a professional service to meet and exceed hiring goals in a fast paced work environment

· Identifying and engaging high-quality prospects and candidates by utilizing advanced internet searching skills, job boards, social networking, database mining, referrals, cold calling, and other advanced recruiting technique

· Working with hiring managers to align business forecast with talent acquisition needs

· Managing applicant tracking system, maintain accurate candidate documentation end to end to ensure legal compliance with employment practices, policies, procedures, and regulations

· Providing guidance on search strategies to locate and attract niche skills.

· Managing candidates through the full life-cycle from initial engagement through on-boarding

· Experienced in interacting with hiring managers on a daily basis.
· Experienced in IT recruitment through job portals and vendor database, floating requirements offline, negotiation, vendor management
· Handing international hiring for permanent and contractual basis, sourcing and onboarding candidates
Key Skills:    
Requirement floating and Releasing, Vendor Management, Scheduling interviews, Screening Profiles, Shortlisting Candidates, Negotiation, Sub con hiring, Offer and PO creation.

Responsible for End - to - End Recruitment (Sourcing, HR Screening, liaising with ops panelists for interview, offer negotiation, fitment, and onboarding) • Have experience into walk in management, hired candidates for voice and non-voice business verticals. • Hired for telecom, Banking, Tech support business verticals • Identifying Hiring Manager needs and delivery as per SLA. • Good communication, analytical thinking and problem-solving skills. • Maintaining Channel mix by hiring through Vendors, Employee Referrals and Walk-in • Sourcing profiles through different sources like job portals, internal database, references etc. to deliver the right talent to business
PERSONAL DETAILS:
DATE OF BIRTH  : 25/11.1992
GENDER 
   :  Male

MARITAL STATUS: Single

Religion                :  Hindu

Date:

Place: Bengaluru                                                                                                                         Signature:
