

























































APPLICATION

RESUME
NIKHIL LAXMANSINGH THAKORE
B/201, Nav Umiya Krupa CHS Ltd.,

Rajaji Path, Mhatre Nagar,
Behind Madhavi Bungalow,



E-mail: nikhilthakore@yahoo.in 
Dombivli (East) – 421 201                                         Cell: 9920798569


Objective:
To perform my best abilities for the position entrusted to me. 
Enhance my career goals with the organisational goals & ensure bi-lateral growth.
A very determined employee willing to accept and gain knowledge of new things, a people person who is able to handle situations, whether customer related or job related, in a calm and professional manner. 
Promotes positive work environment and contributes as a cooperative team player.
Personal Attributes:
· A high level of integrity, honesty and discretion.

· A high level of personal credibility that ensures respect from staff, colleagues, customers and suppliers.

· Customer focused with a service ethos.
· Ability to prioritise and ensure delivery against tight deadlines.
· Good oral and written communication skills.
· Self motivated
Educational Qualification:
· Executive Post Graduate Program in Business Management (E-MBA - Finance) from SIES College of Management Studies, Nerul in 2010.
· Bachelor of Commerce (B. Com.) from University of Mumbai in 2003.
Academic Milestones:
	Examination
Passed
	Board/University/Institute
	Percentage 

& Class
	Year of 

Passing

	E-MBA
(Finance)
	SIES College of Management Studies, Nerul
	69.17% - First
	August - 2010

	
	
	
	

	B. Com.
	Mumbai University
	69.85% - First
	March – 2003

	
	
	
	

	H. S. C.
	Mumbai Board
	62.33% - First
	February – 2000

	
	
	
	

	S. S. C.
	Mumbai Board
	69.46% - First
	March – 1998


Computer Proficiency:

· MS Office (Word, Excel & PowerPoint) :
Good knowledge of Excel formulas like V-Lookup, Concatenate, etc.

· Internet applications
· Payroll Application : 
Hands on experience of Payroll Application, developed by an outside vendor, called Calibre - based on ASP & Paycalc - based on Visual Basic. Independently update data in Calibre and generate salary report for disbursement from Paycalc. (End-to-End Payroll Process)
Work Experience:
Fleet Maritime Services (I) Pvt. Ltd., (UK based company - MNC)
Fleet Maritime Services (I) Pvt. Ltd., a subsidiary of Fleet Maritime Services, Bermuda (UK), (formerly known as P&O Cruises Manning Office) is a Company which caters to the HR & Recruitment operations of operational staff who serve on the Carnival Brand of Cruise Liners.
Fleet Maritime Services (I) Pvt. Ltd. also performs the payroll functions for onboard crew of various nationalities like Indians, Nepalese, Indonesians, Filipinos, Pakistanis, Australians, Hungarian, Romanian, etc.

Growth path:
01st April, 2006 to 31st March, 2010
- 
Junior Payroll Officer
01st April, 2010 to present
- 
Payroll Officer

· Accurately managing all aspects of payroll administration for over 2000 employees.
· Responsible for co-ordinating all payroll related activities on board the designated ships including receiving data from various sources like shore side Finance & HR staff, updating database, generating reports, corresponding with various stakeholders, processing monthly electronic pay slips and sending the same to the ships in a time bound frame.
· Handling employee grievances related to salaries, incentives, etc. deputed at different locations and resolving them at the earliest.
· Thorough knowledge of principles, practices, and methods of office procedures including records management and document processing. To ensure that every other activity is carried out as per the Standard Operating Procedures of the company.
· Assisting the Payroll Manager in implementing wage uplifts, supervise the calculations of back wages and determine whether wage adjustments to the amount are in order.

· Ability to perform a variety of duties in support of payroll function efficiently.
· Gathering data or information by extracting from source documents and arranging them in prescribed format.
· Compile and maintain all required documentation pertaining to the crew payroll for internal and external audit purposes and for any investigations required by the local or international agencies.

P&O Nedlloyd (I) Pvt. Ltd.,

01st November, 2005 to 31st March, 2006

HR Assistant

· Responsible for all sort of documentation work like filling up of visa forms, co-ordinating with the agents of various countries and getting the paper work ready for a visa application.
· Profound ability to respond to requests and inquiries from the candidates.

Personal Profile:
Date of Birth:
 17th November, 1982

Gender: 
 Male

Marital Status:
 Single

Languages Known:
 English, Hindi and Marathi
Awards:
1) Outstanding performance award for the quarter ended 30th March, 2009.

2) First Runner up - Outstanding performance award for the quarter ended 30th September, 2010.

