


















































CV of an Experienced Software Engineer

Rahul Kumar
Email Address: rahulrk343@gmail.com 
Cell: +91 8933 000 365 
Objective
· To work for a challenging organization which offers professional development and growth potential and to further enhance my knowledge and experience for the advancement of my career.

Summary

· Currently working as a Software Engineer with 2 years hands on experience on Java, J2EE and Python.
· I have been part of Development team and took active participation in design discussion for the requirements specification given to my team.
· Masters in Computer Science, in 2015 from the Uttar Pradesh Technical University, Lucknow, India.
· In my spare time, I love to listing songs and playing cricket.

Education

	Title of the Degree
	College/University
	Year of Passing

	Master of computer Application
	Uttar Pradesh Technical University, Lucknow.
	2015


Technical Skill
	Hardware
	Tomcat 6.x/7.x

	Operating System

	Windows (98/ 2000 / XP/ 2007) and UNIX

	Programming Languages
	Python, Java, J2EE, JSP, Servlets, web services, spring , Hibernate, Web2py, Design Patterns(Singleton & Factory ).
CSS, Java script & Angular JS basic.

	Databases & Tools
	Oracle, MySQL, Eclipse, Net Beans, Pycharm.

	Other Utilities

	GIT.


Experience

Capgemini Technology Services India Limited.
Duration - 16st Apr’17 to till date.
Project: Development Bank of Singapore (DBS)
Role: Software Developer
Roles & Responsibility:

· Customization of the existing functionality.
· Implementation of new CR.
· Performing CEOD (Central End Of Day)/ CBOD (Central Beginning Of Day) of DBS Bank on daily basis through TIVOLI application and resolving error coming during the stage from back end.

· Testing and Support for the functionality implemented.
Forbidden Cyber India, Hyderabad. 

Software Engineer / Team Member
(July 2015 – July 2016)
Projects
Ipingo, Forbidden Cyber India
Duration – October, 2015 to May 2016.
Operating Systems – Ubuntu.
Programming Languages and Tools - Python, Web2py framework, Html, CSS, JAVASCRIPT, jquery and Mysql Database.
PROJECT DESCRIPTION: 
IPINGO is a web Performance management application which monitors The Customer’s websites or web application. This product tests the Customers websites as often as every minute and alerts them ever the

Site is down, when something breaks the customers are immediately Alerted via sms, email or using ivr calling. This product enhances the Websites Performance by gathering intellectual from actual visitors With real user monitoring, using this application the customers can know Exactly how their visitors are experiencing their website. 
ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: 
· Developed the code as per requirement.

· Involved in code manipulations according to the requirements specified using above mentioned technologies.
· Involved in Unit Testing and System Testing.
· Involved in Defect fixing of production bugs or compliance issues in time.

· Involved in developing requirements/fixing bugs in all the layers of the application i.e. batch, web services, portal and UI. 

· Involved in the documentation work from the Design phase of the SQP project.
Online Job Portal, Forbidden Cyber India
Duration – May, 2016 to July, 2016.
Operating Systems - Windows (98/ 2000 / XP/ 2007) and Linux
Programming Languages and Tools - Python, Web2py framework, Html, CSS, JAVASCRIPT, jquery and Mysql Database.
Project Description:
This project is developed an online Job Portal for the Placement Dept of the Company. The System is an online application that can be accessed throughout the organization  and outside as well with proper login provided. This system can be used as an Online job Portal for the Placement dept of the organization to manage the student information With regards to placement.  

ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: 
· Developed the code as per requirement.

· Involved in code manipulations according to the requirements specified using above mentioned technologies.
· Involved in Unit Testing and System Testing.
· Involved in Defect fixing of production bugs or compliance issues in time.
· Involved in developing requirements/fixing bugs in all the layers of the application i.e. batch, web services, portal and UI.

· Involved in the documentation work from the Design phase of the SQP project.
Personal Information:
                Name                                                          Rahul Kumar
                Mobile Number                                        +91-8933000365
                Email Id                                                       rahulrk343@gmail.com   

                Nationality                                                 Indian

                Hobby                                                         Playing cricket & listing songs.   
Page 3 of 3

