







































SONALI STHALEKAR

A System Orlented professlonal wlth well develop€d analyticnl skills, thorough knowledge of customer query
management, 10 years total experience of Customer Service & quallty check.

= Exp€rt at planning and implementation of proc€sses/policy related to job.
I l'laintain accuracy in lnformation and ensure hlgh quallty of deliverables.

= Valuable contributor to key strategies and provide lnputs for ldentifyjng alternatives for troubleshooting.
+ Team work - Lead a team ofjunior/train€e advisors - Groom to present idea in clear/logical comprehensible

= Train and develop strong teams with the 
proper business approach and knowledge,

= Effedive communicator, witi exc€llent relationship bulldlng and analytical abilities.

Ocwen Financial Ltd

oualitv Analvst rMar 2014 - Olt2017l

Responsibilities:
. End to end quality check of the mortgage loan . '
. Review & Audit qoality check of the underwriter's work.
. Maklng dally audit report of the loans reviewed.
. In case of€rror sending them the review notification for the error rectified.
. Ensuring dai' deadlines of every day target arc met.
. Making sure of correct correspondence is sent to the customef post approval or rej€ction of th€ loan

modif ication accordingly.

. Ensuring correct resolutlon has been given to lhe customer.

. Recelv€d multiple awards for service quality & servi€€ excell€nce.

HSBC BANK
Senior Officer llan 2007 - lan 2014)

Responsibilities:
. tlanage KYC checks and PAN validation - savlngs accounts operations,
. 14anag€ savings account queries & complains PAN India.
. Updale chanqes in existlng products, proc€sses, compliances and maintain TAT of daily queries.
. Provided sales support by cross-selling bankiog producrs.

RCsafil ofsonali Sthalekat / Pnge 1 of 2



l46lntain accuracy in information and ensure hlgh quallty dellverables, try and give immediate solutions to
customeis and h€nc€ decr€ase volume of custor€r complalnts.

Team work - Lead a team oflunior/tralnee advisors - Groom to present ldea ln clear/logical comP.€hensible

Identify alt€rnatives for trouble€hooting.

was part of Power vanbge account retention team wherc w€ had to contact the customers & r€tain the
banklng relationship,

was part of the most prestigious & the most revenu€ generating team to retaln existing home loan account
holderc.

Handled all querles & complains regarding their home loan accounts PAN lndla.

Received multiple awards for service quallty & servlce excellence.

a.Ed. , SNDT University 2003

B.tlsc.,SNDT Unlversity 2001

DaE of Birth: 01 March 1941

Lanquaqes Known: English, HindL Marcthl, Konkani

Prclered Loc.tlon: ltlumbai / Pune

RCtumC oJ Sonall Sthalekat / Page 2 oJ 2


