










































Unrestricted

Lakshmi Narayan R

E-mail: Narayan.fairbanks@gmail.com

Contact Number: 8553437630

Address: #1125, Devarchikanahalli cross,

Near PK Kalayana Mantapa,

Begur, Bangalore – 560068

To employ myself in a progressive organization that provides scope to update my practical knowledge and
skills in accordance with the latest trends and be part of the team that dynamically works towards growth
of the organization.

Professional Summary

Ø Over 4.8  years of experience in IT industry as System engineer(CRM)
Ø Presently working with Siemens Technology & PVT. Ltd for last 3.8 years
Ø Yellow belt certified from Siemens on Successfully implementation of Six Sigma Methodologies on

project to reduce the cost and improve the efficiency
Ø Excellent Customer service skills and have bagged various awards with the organizations worked
Ø Worked in Infosys for 1 year 1 month (Jan 2013- Feb 2014)

Technical Skills

Informatica 9.6.1 , Bug reporting tool, Crystal reports, SQL server, BI tools, Microsoft Excel.

Professional Experience

Company: Infosys

Project: BT Wholesale

Team Size: 25

Position: Team member

mailto:Narayan.fairbanks@gmail.com


Unrestricted

Description of the Project: BT Wholesale is a technical team for British telecom, where in any customers
having issues with Broadband (BB) FTTC, FTTP, used to raise a ticket with us and we will resolve them by
running various tests and try to resolve issue remotely else allocate the engineer to the place where the
issue is identified.

Responsibilities: Was involved in running various tests related to BB
Allocating engineer onsite if the issue is not able to be resolved remotely

Company: Siemens Technology & Pvt. Ltd

Project IOL: Siemens Invoices on-line tool available for vendors to submit invoices on IOL portal.

Team Size: 5

Position: Team member

Description of the Project:  Siemens  has  an  online  invoicing  tool  called  the  Siemens  IOL  portal,  where
customers  as  to  login  to  the  IOL  tool  for  submitting  invoices  so  that  they  can  be  paid  for  the  services
rendered to Siemens.

Responsibilities:

Ø Engaged in creating user profiles
Ø Offer assistance in submitting the invoices in the IOL tool
Ø Modifying user accounts
Ø Educating them about the IOL tool
Ø Generating reports for analysis for KAM (key Account Manager's)
Ø Working in collaboration with other teams.

Company: Siemens Technology & Pvt. Ltd

Project EZ-suite: EZ-Suite application suite for accounting services

Team Size: 5

Description of the Project: EZ-suite application is one-stop shop that offers a multitude of



Unrestricted

Accounting services to a client or a customer.
The idea is to provide convenient and efficient service and also to create the opportunity
for the company to sell more products to clients and customers.
Responsibilities:

Ø Engaged in creating user profiles
Ø Modifying user accounts (LOA's, adding new roles, etc...)
Ø Crystal reports: The applications allows you to connect to various data sources to obtain data

such as SQL Server or Oracle
Ø Bug Host: I was actively engaged in raising a bug whenever needed with respect to EZ-suite

application
Ø SQL server: This we need to pull up various LOA, Vendor Approvers reports for various SOC's for

Siemens

Achievement

Ø Bagged the “Innovator” Award for Q4 2015 for excellent 3I ideas contributed towards the
organization

Ø Awarded with “Customer Delight” for exceeding customer expectations in Q2 2015
Ø Awarded “Bingo Award” in the productivity month to determine instant solutions
Ø Awarded with “ Bingo Award” towards generating lot of 3I ideas
Ø Got “Raising Star” award for being a quick learner and delivering excellent results in Q3 2014
Ø Yellow Belt Certified from Siemens for completion of YB project and showing savings to the

organization.

Educational Profile

B.E in Industrial & Production Engineering from VTU 2012 (Passed out)

Personal Profile

DOB: 22nd February, 1991

Languages: English, Hindi, Kannada, and Tamil


