




















































CURRICULUM VITAE

CURRICULUM VITAE

Neha Padale

313/3, New 3 Type, Armament (B&C) Colony,
Near ARDE Nursery School (Balkendra),                              Email: padale.neha@gmail.com           

Pashan, Pune - 411021              
                                    Mobile: 9730430436                                           


                                                

   Objective                                                             

Make the best use my skills and knowledge in the field of Finance. To acquire a suitable   position in an organization over a period of time that would provide me growth, opportunity and enhances my skill and development of the organization. 

   PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
· Worked as Process Executive in Cash Application Team, Philips, Infosys BPO Ltd. 

(Work tenure 24-01-2011 - 21-02-2013)
· Certified in Financial concept of excellence in Accounting fundamental.
· Working in Maersk Global Service Centres in Analytics team for crucial Cluster DRC and Congo (Joined on 25-02-2013 till date)
    Professional Experience

1) Worked as Process Executive in Cash Application Team , Philips, Infosys BPO Ltd. 
(Work tenure 24-01-2011 - 21-02-2013)


Process: Philips – Global Philips shared service center is the largest acquisition by 

Infosys BPO. Philips is renowned in the Infosys for the Accounting procedure it follows.
2) Working as Senior Associate in Liner Finance and Accounting, Maersk Global Service Centres (Joined on 25-02-2013 Till date)
Process: OTC Analytics – (DRC & Congo cluster) 

Maersk Global Service Centres is renowned for following the Accounting procedure it follows
1) Client Servicing – Infosys bpo ltd
· Identify and develop new streams for long term growth and maintaining relationships with customers to achieve repeat/referral business.
· Reporting Daily Tracking Sheet to Clients which includes 3 important KPIs which are crucial from business perspective for Philips. This job involved 100 % audit of all processing done by a team.

· Coordinate with various departments for smooth functioning of overall operations.

· Manage customer relation operations & ensure maximum customer satisfaction.

· Exploring new ideas for streamlining the process.

· Carrying out thorough research on the process and identifying ways to plug in the loop holes of the process and thereby improving the productivity and efficiency.

· Instrumental in delivering the productivity and quality as per the SLA.

· Handle customer feedback and minimizing customer grievances

Roles and Responsibilities: Infosys bpo ltd
1. Working on SAP R/3 version FI module as an Account Associate, job involves all the Accounting Receivable activities. 
2. Auto bank activity
3. Posting incoming payments (bank transfers) to customer account  

4. Posting other payments (cheques, bills of exchange, letter of credit)

5. Clearing customer accounts ( account maintenance)

· Match payment on invoice level (Clearing)

6. Payment proposal creation( direct debit, refund runs)

· Schedule & create direct debit  proposal

· Post bounced payment on customer account

· Schedule and create AR payment proposal list

· Verify AR payment proposal list

7. Sending dunning and account statements to customers

8. Inter Company Accounts reconciliation (tools: ECC & IHB) 

· ICA Reconciliation

· IHB Incoming Payments

9. Reporting

· Preparing Write off report and clearing 

· Cash Application Report

· AR- GL Reconciliation Report

· To prepare Un-allocated Cash Report 
10.  Auditing SLA Reports for the whole team and reporting it to the senior manager.

 2) Client Servicing – Maersk Global Service centres
· Processing part of analytics which included tasks as Refunds (Investigation and processing in systems), Write-off/back, Statement of Account, Dunning Letters, Processing waivers and Maintaining Master Database for customers

· Co-ordinate with all GSC (Global Service Client) from location for smooth functioning of overall process or operations

· Delivering quality and productivity as per SLA for all the tasks performed under analytics 

· Handle customer feedback and minimizing customer grievances
· Carrying out thorough research on the process and identifying ways to plug in the loop holes of the process and thereby improving the productivity and efficiency.
Roles and Responsibilities: Maersk Global Service centres
1. Working on SAP R/3 version FI module as an Sr. Associate, job involves all the Accounting Receivable (Order to Cash) activities. 
2. Investigation and processing for all activities which comes beneath Analytics in OTC team like Refunds, Write-Off/Back, Waivers, Statement of Account, Dunning Letters and Maintaining Master Data base for customers

3. Processing all analytics tasks in SAP with parking and clearing in system with respective approvals.

4. Creating refund/write-off/back tasks documents in SAP

5. Clearing the refunds/write-off/back tasks on customer level

6. Investigating & identifying the waivers applicable for customers and preparing statement for waivers with all the details available from location and SAP taking approvals for the same
7. Maintaining database for customers for the requests received from location like India, DRC/Congo with regards to payment terms/bank details/change in address/extension of customers at company code level/creating new customer/removal of invoice blocks/change and update in e-mail address & maintaining credit limit for customers, etc

8. Basis SAP customer books sending of Statement of Account, Dunning Letters to customers.

9. Resolving the queries for customers with regards to all tasks above

10. Reporting – Preparing Weekly reports in excel for all analytics tasks reporting the same to manager and discussing the same with location on weekly call for removing loop holes and smoothening the process.
3) Client Servicing – Johnson Controls
· To Streamline the Cash Application Activity.

· Reporting for the Unallocated/Unaccounted Cash Application on Daily/weekly/Monthly Basis
· Follow up with the Sales/Collections team, for the remittance advices
· Have also done the Cash Application Transition from Delhi successfully.
Roles and Responsibilities: Johsnon Controls
1. Downloading the Bank Statement, and preparing the Cash flow Statement.

2. Maintaining Cheques details in the Business Tracking and Cash Flow Statement and ensuring the deposit of the Cheques in the bank on the due date of Cheque.

3. Reporting of the Cash Flow Statement to the high level Management.
4. Posting Payments into the System

5. Sending the Unaccounted data on daily basis once cash application is done.

6. Performing Month End Activity and the reports, maintaining no balance on the bank account

7. Follow up with the sales/collections team on daily basis for clearing the payments received and booked in customer books.

8. Currently also looking into the invoicing activity to cater the volume and help the team.

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

   ACHIVEMENT 
· Certified in Financial concept of excellence in Accounting fundamental.

   Educational Qualifications    
	Qualification
	Institution
	University/ Board
	Year
	Percentage/ Grade

	B.Com.
	Modern College, Shivajinagar, Pune-5
	Pune University
	2010
	60.00

	H.S.C.

(Commerce)
	Modern College, Shivajinagar, Pune-5
	Maharashtra Board
	2007
	63.17

	S.S.C
	N.C.L. English Medium School, Pashan,Pune-21
	Maharashtra Board
	2005
	50.80


COMPUTER ACUMEN
 
          ERP                                   : Exposure in SAP FICO for cash Application. 

           MS office                               : Microsoft Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint.
     PERSONAL PROFILE                                                             

Date of Birth


: 12th Dec, 1988
          Sex 



: Female.


Languages Known

: English, Hindi, and Marathi
Hobbies
: Playing and watching Carom, Listening Songs
Permanent Address
: Pashan, Pune
     DECLARATION                                                                                                             

               I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.

Date: 11/12/2018






    Yours Faithfully,

 (Neha Baloo Padale)

