








































RESUME
Priya Ashok Varhadi
Contact No.:+91-7219281261
 Email Id:priyavarhadi@gmail.com

Career Objective- 

Produce productive solutions in challenging environment and to work with an organization, where I can implement my knowledge, strategic thinking and innovative ideas for industry.
Professional Experience-
East Sun Electronics India LLP
Job Title: Total Repair Control Engineer
Experience: 15 Feb 2017 to 10 April 2018
· To find out the error in faulty charger PCB and diagnoses of it.
· To repair faulty PCB using different techniques with help of digital instruments.
· To find out the root cause of the error in order to reduce the rejection.
· To analyze the problem and solution made on it, maintain its record on daily basis.
Educational Qualification-

	Exam details
	Board / University
	Year Of Passing
	Percentage
	Class obtained

	B.E. (E & TC)
	  Pune
	2016
	64.83%
	First class

	Diploma (E & TC)
	Maharashtra
	2013
	74.34%
	  First class

	S.S.C.
	Maharashtra
	2010
	84.91%
	First class with distinction




Training- 
· Workshop on PCB manufacturing.
· Workshop on Embedded system.

Technical Skills- 
Operating Systems   :  Windows 7, Windows8.
Office Application:  MS Office 2007 / 2010 (MS PowerPoint, MS Excel, MS Word
Special App. Software use:  Multisim, Matlab.
Programming Languages:  C, Embedded C
Academic Projects:- 

  Title           : “AUTOMATIC COLLISION DETECTION & PREVENTION SYSTEM”
     Description:  
· Basically our project is useful to avoid the accidents which are happen due to driver sleepy. We are using eye blink sensor which will detect for driver sleepy or not. If driver sleepy detected, buzzer will beep and car will stop automatically. 
· Accelerometer sensor is used for vibration detection .GPS and GSM are used for sending information of accident to pre-programmed numbers like owner of vehicle, ambulance, police etc.
·  We are using Embedded ‘C’ for programming purpose. Also we are using LPC2138 microcontroller IC.
Extra-Curricular Activities- 

· Participated in “Paper presentation” on " AUTOMATIC COLLISION DETECTION & PREVENTION SYSTEM” in National Level Conference “JCON2016” at Kuran.
· Participated in “SPARX-2K15” in a State Level Technical competition.
· Participated in “Science Day Project Exhibition in “GMRT”.


Personal Profile- 

 Name		         :  Priya Ashok Varhadi
 Local Address        : A/P - Golegaon, Tal-Junnar,       Dist.-Pune, Pin Code -410502.
  Fathers Name         :  Ashok Dattatraya Varhadi
  Date of Birth          : 13nth June 1994
  Nationality             :   Indian
  Gender                   : Female
   Marital Status        :  Single
    Mother Tongue    :  Marathi.
    Other Languages:  English, Hindi, Marathi

Declaration-

I hereby declare that the above mention information is correct up to my knowledge & I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above mention particulars.

						             		
Place:	Pune				                                                Priya A Varhadi	          
