














































Pavan Pramod Kulkarni                                                           

Software Engineer, Tech Mahindra Ltd. - Pune 

Address:  B-8, Pragati Park Residency, Anandnagar, Pune- 411051 

Contact No: 9422318806     Email id: kulkarni_pvn@yahoo.in     Date of Birth: 28 July 1995 

Professional summery  

Tech Mahindra Ltd. (Oct 2016-Present) - Pune 

Currently I am working in Integrated System Test team for billing software of America’s largest Telecom 

Company. I am working in IBM Mainframe environment and independently handling Release Test 

System. 

Projects 

EV global campaign management: 

To gain early mover’s advantage in fast evolving Electric Vehicle market; Tech Mahindra is developing a 

global strategy to acquire customer in this space. For this TechM is planning to run the global campaign 

and will include activities such as social connects, media articles, reaching out to customers for lead 

generation and tracking with partners.  

Responsibilities 

 Work as Business analyst to provide requirements to third party vendor to develop microsite to 
showcase TechM’s competencies in EV space. 

 Validate the wireframe designs provided by vendor and suggest necessary changes. 

 Negotiate contract price and terms and conditions for Scope of Work with vendor. 

 Conduct regular meetings with vendor for follow-up for website development and help to form 
strategy for promotion of website through social media 

 Provide inputs related to battery manufacturing and safety and security of EV in TechM’s China 
specific plan  

PTA implementation: 

As per the US government regulations Property Tax Assessment (PTA) charges should be reflected on 

legacy system customer’s bill; except the specified accounts such as government accounts. Out of 27 

applications, 14 applications were impacted due to PTA code changes. Hence Integrated System Test was 

crucial part as even minor defect would have direct revenue impact. IST team was required to carry out 

complete end-to-end testing from SOFE to ADR/FSP. The project was carried out in 12 months in 3 

separate releases. It was implemented across West, South-West, South-East, Mid-West regions. 

Responsibilities 

 Independently carry out Release test System (RTS) to ensure proper linkage and compatibility 
between all applications. 

 Assist in Integrated System Testing carried out in three cycles per pass to check functionality of 
all applications.    

 Independently handle regression validation of test cases. 

 Assist in progression validation and planning process as per requirement 

Online agent commissioning platform: 

Successfully design and develop online agent commissioning platform for Transport Company as a demo 

project during ELITE training program. The demo platform was built from scratch in 7 days. Along with 

another team member carried out all activities right from requirement gathering to UAT testing. The 

project was developed on JAVA-J2EE platform with Web-logic server and Oracle SQL database. 

https://in.linkedin.com/in/pvnkulkarni
mailto:kulkarni_pvn@yahoo.in


 

Academic Qualification 

Qualification Institute Year % Marks Obtained 

B.E.  Shivaji University 2016 60.19 

HSC Willingdon College,Sangli 2012 80 

SSC Pradnaya Prabodhini Prashala,Sangli 2010 91.82 

 

Technical Skills 

Programming Languages - JAVA, COBOL, JCL, SAS, R- Language  

Database - SQL, DB2, IMS   

Working Platform- IBM Mainframe, TDP, Eclipse, Microsoft Office 

Achievements 

1. Received BRAVO award for Finding High Impact Defects in Release Test System 
2. Semi-finalist for Quiz conducted by Indian Testing League 
3. Runner –up for the event ‘i-stock’; an University level Share Market related event 
4. Shortlisted in top 70 teams out of 1500 teams to received grant from IEEMA for final year 

project and selected for exhibition in ELECRAMA-2016 at Bangalore 

Training and certification 

1. Successfully completed three months foundation training module ‘ELITE’ by Tech Mahindra 
which includes RDBMS, JAVA, SQL, PL/SQL, J2EE, Shell scripting as well as SDLC. 

2. Completed Selenium training organised by Tech Mahindra. 
3. Received course completion certificate in ‘R- programming Fundamentals’ by Pluralsight 

platform 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


