



























PN

Priya Nagarkar

Professional Summary

Over a decade of experience in outsourcing industry for a leading
European airline. Efficiently managing diverse teams governed by 10
different Service Level Agreements.
Strengths in areas of people management, client relationship, service
delivery and driving cross-functionality to ensure optimum utilisation of
resources. Supported and have been very resourceful in RFPs and
transitions.
Strong background of coordinating business operations with internal and
external stakeholders. Effective in streamlining processes and resolving
issues.

Work Experience

WNS Global Services Limited - Group Manager
Mumbai, MH
03/2004 - Current
Highlights

Client Management

priya_nagarkar@yahoo.co.in
982 137 7961
A-1 Trimurti,North Avenue, Santacruz W
est -Mumbai, MH 400054

Skills

Managing day-to-day operations with focus on attainment of key
business metrics, continuous improvement initiatives and performance
and development of 50 team members.

●

Strengthened performance metrics tracking by suggesting macros for
quick tallying and easy reporting and analysis.

●

Planned and implemented cross-functional training's to ensure
sufficient backup and optimum utilisation of resources.

●

Seamless transition of important projects like Disruption Management,
Flight Management Unit and E-Ticketing.

●

Lead continuous improvement projects across the travel vertical for
2018.

●

Actively involved in contractual agreements and negotiations.●

Interaction with multiple clients on a regular basis with agenda driven
meetings and calls.

●

Ensured that clients received outstanding service to not only maintain
but to extend relationships for future business opportunities. Acquired
new airport operations process in 2018. Actively involved in identifying
new business opportunities.

●

www.linkedin.com/in/priya-nagarkar●

Strategic planning●
Customer service●
Stakeholder relations●
Employee relations●
Project Analysis and Implementation●
Business operations●
Work flow planning●
P&L management●
Results-oriented●
Cross-functional communications●
Operations management●
Detail-oriented●
Process improvement●



 
Employee Relationship

 
Improved Quality / Risk and Compliance

Financial Tracking

Efunds International - Customer Service Associate
Mumbai, Maharashtra
09/2003 - 02/2004

Kept all stakeholders up-to-date on details that pertained to client
projects. Effectively managed improvement projects across the entire
business vertical. Overall 29 ideas collated through brainwave drives.
Monitored tracked and implemented ideas passing annual revenue
benefit (GBP15k) to external clients.

●

Boosted customer satisfaction by providing teams with training and
skills to optimize service delivery in alignment with individual needs.

●

Monitoring customer feedback to devise business strategies and
determine process improvements for better customer experiences.

●

Have always achieved a score of 9 and above vs the target of 8 on the
Voice of customer scorecard.

●

Manage communications during major technology outages, natural
disasters. IT meltdown / volcanic ash/ Industrial action etc.

●

Incentive Model – Designed new incentive scheme that was retention
focused and met business requirements.

●

Team performance Quartile Management and performance trend
analysis done on a regular basis.

●

Key Performance Indicators designed for agents post goal setting
sessions with senior management with the changes in the incentive
structure.

●

Performed Attrition Analysis to help identify main reasons for attrition
and implemented measures to increase employee engagement and
retention.

●

Partnered with internal Quality Teams to design metrics and report of
SLA measurable components like Quality, Turnarounds etc. to
stakeholder and customers.

●

Achieved high customer service rankings by resolving matters
efficiently and in a timely manner.

●

Minimized regulatory risks by carefully following legal regulations to
deliver complete compliance.

●

Ensured discipline and statutory compliance within the system to meet
the requirements of audit and compliance in operations.

●

Reduced financial inconsistencies while updating, assessing and
verifying billing invoices and expense reports.

●

Remained aware and attentive to prevent revenue leakages by tracking
team overtime/ incentive pay-outs / recharges.

●

Tracked PnL progress and prepared plans to improve GC /GM.●

Job Profile Included Taking Telephonic Orders And Attending To
Customer Enquiries And Providing Customers With The Adequate

●



Accomplishments

Education

2002
R.D. National College & W.A. Science College
Mumbai, MH
Bachelor of Arts: Economics

2003
IITC Bandra
Mumbai, MH
IATA Certified: Travel

Declaration and Signature –

I hereby affirm that the Information in this document is accurate and true
to the best of my knowledge.
                                                                                                                
PRIYA NAGARKAR
Location: Mumbai

Customer Service Information.
Exhibited exceptional customer service at all times, including
addressing customer inquiries and ensuring resolution.

●

Utilized basic sales strategy to engage customers and present solutions
to suit individual needs.

●

Received League of Champion awards and timely appreciations from
Sr Managers for excel at work.

●

Headed automation projects and developed plans for streamlining and
sustenance.

●

Successful transition of new processes.●
WNS certified Competency Based Interviewer (CBI)●
Completed Project Management Training●
Familiar with Agile Training methodology. Completed basic training.●


