















































 

Neelam Sanjay Kadam  

neelam.kadam06@gmail.com                G.K.Palacio, J 606, 
(M) +91 9422764360                                                                                      Gat No. 111, Borhadewadi,             
        +91 9028272663          Moshi, Pune 412105. 
 
                                                                                               

 
O B J E C T I V E

 

 
A challenging and rewarding Assistant position within the private sector where prior experience, 
personal ability, and a commitment to professionalism would be of value. Position should allow for 
continued personal and professional growth commensurate with achievements. 
 
 

 
W O R K  E X P E R I E N C E

 

 

Thermax Limited as Admin & HR Assistant on third party payroll, Pune.         Dec 2017 – Present 

 
 

Thermax Limited is an engineering company involved in energy and environment. 
Thermax was founded as a family concern in 1966 by A.S. Bhathena and later taken over by his 
son in law, Rohinton Aga who served as the chairman and managing director. The company 
went Public in 1995. Thermax Limited is engaged in the business of manufacture and sale of 
boilers, heating and cooling equipment, industrial chemicals, and water and waste       
management equipment

 
 
 

 Schedule and coordinate meetings, appointments and travel arrangements for supervisors and 
managers. 

 Maintain utmost discretion when dealing with sensitive topics. 

 Manage travel and expenses reports for department team members. 

 Calendar Management. 

 Leave and Attendance Management through HRIS. 

 Event Co-ordination. 

 Printing and Stationary Management. 

 Preparing of cash voucher by using office management software. 

 Expense Payment Voucher entries in Oracle. 

 Sales Order Entry in Oracle. 

 Approving Purchase Orders & RFA’s through Oracle and extracting those reports. 

 Assisting for the creation and implementation of BOM through Oracle. 

 Assisting HR for the HR related activities. 
 



 
 
 
 
 
SopraSteria India Ltd. as Process Assistant for UK Payroll Process, Pune.     May 2010 – Oct 2017 

 
 

Sopra Steria Group is a European information technology consultancy established in 
September 2014 upon the merger of Sopra & Steria.The primary business areas of the 
company include consulting services, systems integration and solutions, integration of ERP 
solutions, implementation of application solutions, as well as subcontracting solutions for 
providing technical support to users and application maintenance and outsourcing services 
and operation of professional processes. 

 
 

 Taken care of End-to-End (UK Payroll). 

 Processing of salary and travel timesheets. 

 Taken the complete ownership of VQSM Portal Process and stabilized it. 

 Taken care of closing activity. 

 Uploading of data on Oracle. 

 Work allocation for team. 

 Resolving the queries raised by the clients. 
 

 
Sunder Rubber Industries as Account Assistant, Mumbai.                       Apr 2007 - Oct 2008 

 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 Bank Reconciliation. 

 Payment to Suppliers. 

 Preparation of Bills. 

 Maintaining Ledger and Challans. 

 Handling Petty Cash Book. 
 

 
A C A D E M I C  Q U A L I F I C AT I O N

 

 

 M.B.A (HR) 69.63% from Pune University in May 2016. 
 

 M.B.A (Finance) 62.20% from Pune University in June 2015. 
 

 T.Y.B.Com 55.71% from Mumbai University in March 2006. 
 

 H.S.C 65.50% from Mumbai Board in Feb 2003. 
 

 S.S.C 67.73% from Mumbai Board in March 2001. 
 

 

 

 



 

 

 
K E Y  S K I L L S

 

 
 ERP  

 Preparing Presentations 

 Excel 

 MIS 
 
 
 
 
 

 
P E R S O N A L  I N F O R M AT I O N

 

 

Date of Birth: 6th September 1985 

Linguistic Proficiency: English, Hindi, Marathi 

Marital Status:                            Married 

Interests: Reading, Watching Movies, Listening Music 

 
I hereby declare that the above mentioned details are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 

Place: 
Date: 
          
 
                           

                                                                                                                                           NEELAM SANJAY KADAM 

 


	 Maintain utmost discretion when dealing with sensitive topics.
	 Manage travel and expenses reports for department team members.
	 Processing of salary and travel timesheets.
	 Taken the complete ownership of VQSM Portal Process and stabilized it.
	 Uploading of data on Oracle.
	 Payment to Suppliers.
	 M.B.A (Finance) 62.20% from Pune University in June 2015.

