














































CA Prashasti Singh 
8375899710 • prashasti.s91@gmail.com 

 

To work with leading Resources clients, major customers and suppliers to develop and execute 

global strategies, manage complex change initiatives and integrate solutions to meet changing 

business challenges. 
 

» Profile Summary 

 A competent professional with over 8 years of experience including articleship. 

 Demonstrated abilities in completing various assignments within time budget and 
calendar Schedules while handling multiple task. 

 Setting up Internal Control & Procedures and ensuring Compliances with Agreed & 
established finance & operational processes. 

 Preparing and reporting monthly Financial results within Time & Accuracy , Hyperion 
reporting and Analysis of Financial statements with reporting of important 

observations to management with analysis of Expenses for finding cost reduction 

Opportunity. 

 Responsible for Compliances of GAAP , Accounting standards, Preparing Balance 
Sheet and Profit & Loss account, Statutory Audit, SOX Compliance, Annual 
Budgeting & Monthly forecast, Formulate KPIs for R2R Team. 

 

» Academic Qualification 

 Charted Accountant 

 B.Com from Rajasthan University (67%) 

 XII from CBSE (86%) 

 X from CBSE (85%) 
 

» Skills 
 

Record to Report 
Domain 

Royalty accounting MIS Reporting GL accounting 

Inter-Company 
Reconciliation 

Balance sheet 
reconciliation 

Monthly closing and 
reporting 

Working Capital 
analysis 

Financial Planning and 
Analysis 

Currency Forecasting SOX Compliance P&L Narratives 

 

 

» IT Skills 

 Office, ERP-SAP FICO, Hyperion, Tally, PeopleSoft & Cadency 
 

mailto:prashasti.s91@gmail.com


CA Prashasti Singh 
8375899710 • prashasti.s91@gmail.com 

 

» Work Experience 

 Metlife GOSC, Noida 
Assistant Manager, June 2016 – Present 

 

Responsibilities: 

 Monthly/ quarterly accounting entries for various invested asset classes and 

investment vehicles (securities, mortgage loans, real estate and investment 

subsidiaries) as per applicable IFRS and US GAAP. 

 Accounting and reporting for any new acquisitions and disposal of Real Estate & 

Private Equities. 

 Monthly and quarterly variance analysis and Analytics reporting. 

 Preparation of Schedule BA and Asset Valuation report. 

 Monthly and quarterly reconciliation for various invested asset classes and investment 

vehicles (securities, mortgage loans, real estate and investment subsidiaries). 

 Complete special requests and ad-hoc reports as requested. 

 Ensure quality and productivity targets are met. 

 Monitor transactions on an ongoing basis and take corrective steps where necessary or 

make incremental improvements. 

 Monitor and deliver on agreed service level metrics. 

 Provide coaching and feedback to team members to enable them to improve their 

performance. 

 Provide inputs on process and system to the team members. 

 Client Interaction, where required at the level of Supervisors. 

 Ensure compliance with internal policies and procedures, external regulations and 

information security standards. 

 Ensure that all associate accountants in the process know their goals and how they are 

linked to the Organization's quality policy. 

 Effectively manage research/resolution/follow-ups for closure of open items. 
 

 Genpact India, Gurgaon 

Assistant Manager, April 2013- Feb 2016 

 

Responsibilities: 

 R2R and GL accounting 
 Inter company (both payable and receivable) confirmation with Inter Co. affiliates. 

 Intercompany balances accounting and reconciliation. 

mailto:prashasti.s91@gmail.com


CA Prashasti Singh 
8375899710 • prashasti.s91@gmail.com 

 

 Preparation of Balance sheet reconciliations and explaining each open item on the 
accounts and ensuring to get them cleared achieving the Balance sheet quality to be 
around 90%. 

 Preparing BS Analysis and Working Capital Analysis. 

 Ensuring reclassification and accounting of wrong or unaccounted entries prior to 
closure of the General Ledger 

 Preparation of Royalty receivables and payables accruals. 
 Preparation and finalization of Royalty reports for the Licensors 

 Preparation of Balance Sheet and Profit & Loss and report it through Hyperion for 
Group accounting. 

 Resolve any escalated issues related to general ledger reconciliations in line with 
requirements and on a timely basis 

 Monitor closing of books and consolidate monthly, quarterly, and / or annual booking 
of entries, closing the ledger and consolidating financial results 

 Meet KPI and CPI 
 Preparation of SOX file 

 Coordinating with different team like P2P, SOTC and banking 
 Ensure SLA (Service Level Agreement) is met month on month 
 Fixed assets reporting 
 Preparing MIS report and dashboard for management purposes. 
 Netting and Treasury reconciliation 
 Handling team of 2 members 

 Prepare monthly GR/IR Reports 
 

»Articleship Experience 

R.P. Vijay & Company, Jaipur 
Article Assistant, July 2008 - Jan 2012 

 

 Scrutiny of various ledgers i.e. Cash Book, Bank Book, Journal and BRS 
 Cash and Bank Vouching , Purchase and Sales ledgers, 
 Daily reconciliation cash, cheques and credit card balance, 
 Payment and filling monthly /Quarterly TDS , Service tax return, VAT 
 Preparing Budgets and variances for various departments. 

 Conducting internal audit of MNC Co. (Renior Consulting Co.) 
 Filing of Income Tax Returns of Individuals, Firms and Companies 
 Monitoring day-to-day financial accounting 
 Perform Bank Audit of Punjab National Bank and Andhara Bank. 

 Perform VAT Audit of Rajasthan State Warehouse Corporation. 
 

» Awards & Accolades 

 GB and Lean tested. 
 Two times T-20 performer. 
 Promoted in 15 months only in Genpact. 

 Customer Award for successful implementation of ERP updated version. 

mailto:prashasti.s91@gmail.com

