




















































     M PRAKASH









 

       E-mail: parmi.minu@gmail.com
                                                                       


       Phone: +91- 8754495935
 PARMEENA GOPALAKRISHNAN

   

OBJECTIVES

To work in a competitive environment in a challenging position and be an integral part of a growth oriented team with a clear path wherein I wish to consolidate upon my intelligence, hard work and dedication to contribute to the organizations profitability



QUALIFICATION
Degree  


: Bachelor of Science [BSc].
Major    


: Information Technology

College 


: Indira Gandhi College, Trichy. 
Duration


: 2004 – 2007
Percentage


: 66
Degree  


: Master of Business Administration [MBA].
Major    


: Finance and Marketing.
College 


: SRM school of Management, Chennai. 
Duration


: 2007 – 2009
Percentage


: 7.8 CGPA

WORKING EXPERIENCE
Royal Bank of SCOTLAND (Formerly: Abn amro bank). 
             

   July 2010 – Till Date 

Working as an Analyst, in Market Reference Data –Global Banking and markets.

RBS’s front end trading activities are being maintained by using several applications in a timely manner. This process involves maintaining static data and settlement of bond, equity, warrant exchanges which includes updating currency, country, maturity, settlement location, denomination, holidays, coupon rates, coupon dates and accruals for reference purposes to facilitate the front office trades.

· Efficient planning & coordination to ensure timely completion of given work and provide utmost satisfaction to immediate manager and company management.

· Strong interpersonal skills with ability to communicate effectively.

· Have ability to guide and lead a team with good co-ordination, keeping up the team spirit high and completing the work.
· Willingness to learn and can adopt any kind of environment


RESPONSIBILITIES

· Instrument and Counterparty  Static data maintenance – Fixed Income / Equity / Derivative
· Resolving queries regarding Equities, Bonds and Warrants with the given TAT (Turn around Time).
· Instrument Creation in Front office and back office FI, Derivatives & Equity systems (Fidessa, RIMS,One World)
· Investigate and assign the proper issuer and Legal entity data to minimize the risk exposure.
· Investigate and Clear the FOBO reconciliation breaks.
· Investigating Holiday Queries .
· Proactive data cleansing activities to avoid delayed trade confirmations and settlement failure.
· MIS – Sending weekly and monthly MI to the onshore and the top level management.
· Liaising with onshore clients and SME’s to resolve business critical issues.

· Training new employees on the product and process knowledge in Bonds, Warrants and Equity stocks with enhanced job aid.


AWARDS

· Won the organizations prestigious award (Spot Ovation) twice within six months   Rated “Attains Expectation” in the 6months of time.


SOFTWARE KNOWLEDGE

Operating Systems
        : Windows NT/95/98/XP, Windows 2000

Programming Languages  : C, C++ and Java
MS Technologies                 : MS Office 2005 and 2007
Web Technologies
        : HTML 


PERSONAL DETAILS:
Date of birth

        : 07-01-1986
Marital Status

        : Married.
Address

        : 4, sabarish apartment,

          Varadarajapuram,

                                                 100 feet, Taramani Road,

                                                 Velachery

                                                 Chennai-42


DECLARATION:

I here by declare you that the information furnished above is true the best of my knowledge.

Date  :                                                                                                                         (P.G.PARMEENA)


