












































Anirban Mukhopadhyay


Vaishali Chavan
Samata A/4/46 Arunachal road,subhanpura


E.mail ID:Vaishu2312@gmail.com    
Mobile no.9825334595   
Job Objective

· Want to be a part of reputed organization where in my knowledge is shared and enriched. I can gain experience & obtain a growth oriented challenging position.
Areas of Expertise & Experience 

· Preparation of Vendor Account Reconciliation, 

· Preparation of Employee Account Reconciliation.

· Total Experience of 2.6 Years
Career Highlights

    E.I DUPONT INDIA PVT. LTD.                From May 2010 to 15th Feb.11.
Employer Profile

E.I.Dupont is a wholly owned subsidiary of E.I.Dupont Numerous & Co, USA is the world’s largest energy and specialty Chemicals Company, having a turnover of US$35 billion with operations spanning the globe. Operating in more than 70 Countries worldwide, E.I. DuPont India running its businesses in all over India. DuPont having manufacturing plants in Savli,Vadodara (Gujarat), & Madurai and trading locations all over India. It involves in the manufacturing and selling of CPP products (Pesticides, Insecticides etc.), Engineering Polymers products, Paint coatings (DuPont Paint Coatings) and Teflon. DuPont also engaged in trading/resale of Corian, Tyvek, and Teflon etc. 

Job Profile

Working as an Accounts Executive 

(on the Payroll of Mafoi Consultants)
Job profile (Accounts Payable)
Integrated Accounting (SAP)

Vendor Payments,

Vendor Account Reconciliation

Employee’s foreign exchange 
GL Open Line item Reporting

Petty Cash Accounting
Vendor Account Clearing

Parking Posting Documents     
Bank

· HDFC Bank (JP Morgan bank) Payment ( Pay link) software operation

· CITI Bank payments 

 BLUE STAR LTD (Baroda)






From May. 2009 to April 2010
(on the Payroll of Kelly service Consultants)
Employer Profile

This company is Manufacturing unit in Thana, Himachal pradesh, Bharuch, Baroda, Dadra.Blue Star is India's largest central airconditioning company with an annual turnover of Rs 2556 crores, a network of 29 offices.
Job Profile

Working as an Accountant
Vendor Payments,

Petty Cash Accounting 
Bank Reconciliation

Handling issuance of ‘C’ forms, & ‘F’ forms
Rediant Hitech Engineering 









From Sept.. 2008 to April 2009
Employer Profile

Rediant Hitech eng. Is basically Partnership firm, providing manpower company, supply of manpower to RCIL Site in Baroda,Bharuch,Hazira(surat), 
Job Profile

Working as an Accountant Assistant
Book Writing in Tally,

Petty Cash Accounting 

Bank Reconciliation
Areas of IT (Computer)

Tally Graduate (Ver.6.3/7.2) Three months Basic Computer Course MS–Word, MS–Excel, Windows 98, and ME & XP.

Financial package:  SAP –R3 (Accounts Payable /General Ledger)
Education Qualification 

· B.Com from M.S.University Baroda 2008
Personal Details

· Father’s Name
:
Late sh. Shrikant S Chavan
· Date of Birth
:

30th  May. 1987
· Marital Status      
:      Unmarried

· Language Known 
:

Hindi , English , Marathi , Gujarati
· Religion
:

Hindu M
· Strength
:
   Positive attitude, Self Confidence, Capability to 

Motivate and lead a team.

(Vaishali Chavan)







       




2

