















































Jagannath Nanda 
Email:jagannathnanda.cet@gmail.com 

Mobile No: +918982088202 
 
 
SUMMARY: 

 
● Have 2.10 years of experience software development on various Java/JEE technologies. 

● Working experience in Spring IOC, MVC for building web application.  
● Worked with ORM tool like Hibernate for ORM mapping.  
● Having knowledge in Core Java, Multithreading, JSP, Servlets and JDBC.  
● Has knowledge and implemented various Design Patterns (Data Access Object, Factory 

Method, Value Object patterns, Singleton etc.)  
● Expertise in Web Based Technologies including JavaScript, JQuery, XML.  
● Working Experience on Apache Poi, SAX Parser.  
● Working experience on third party vendor like leaflet.js.  
● Understanding of RDBMS through writing queries on Database like Oracle, MySQL. 

 
 Education:                            

Certificate Degree Discipline Institute Board/ 

University 

Year Of 

Passing 

Aggregate 

%/CGPA 

Post 

Graduation 

MCA Computer 

Application 

College of 

Engineering 
And 

Technology 

BBSR 

BPUT 2014 8.16 

Graduation B.Sc Computer 

Science 

Rajendra 

Autonomous 

College 

Sambalpur 

University 

2011 74% 

 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
 

● Currently working in Innoeye Technologies Pvt. Ltd,Indore from Jan 2015 to Present. 
 
 
Technical Skills: 

 

 
Operating Systems ▪  LINUX 

Languages ▪  Java, SQL 

RDBMS ▪  Oracle, MySQL 

Application Servers ▪  Tomcat 

Frameworks Known ▪  Hibernate, Spring IOC, Spring MVC 
Build Tool ▪  Maven 

Web Technologies ▪   Core Java, J2EE (JDBC, JSP, Servlets), Web Services, 
   Java Scripts, JSON, XML, JQuery. 

 
Achievement: 

 
 Rank-3 in OJEE-MCA-2011. 

 Awarded 2nd prize in Drama in 2006. 

 Awarded as Best Flag commander of NCC in 2005. 

 

 



PROJECTS PROFILE 
 

PROJECT# 1 
 

Title : COX CMDB.  
Organization : Innoeye Technologies  
Client : COX Communication.  
Role : Web Developer  
Environment : JavaScript, Core Java, MySQl.  
Application Server : Tomcat 

 

 

Project Description: 
 

Calculating traffic between various Network Devices in real time and visualize those 

information through dashboards, tables and automatically generate reports. 

 

Responsibilities: 
 

● Used leaflet.js to plot marker as various network devices.  
● Used Spring IOC concepts to build the framework.  
● Actively participated in writing SQL queries.  
● Deployed the Web application using Maven.  
● Used Apache POI for Excel and Word Report.  
● Used Log4j for development and runtime debugging of the application  
● Understanding business requirement by interacting with users. 

 

 

PROJECT# 2 
 

Title : Foresight JCP(Jio Coverage Platform)  
Organization : Innoeye Technologies  
Client : Reliance Jio Infocom Ltd.  
Role : Web Developer  
Environment : Spring, Hibernate, Web-Services, Oracle, Leaflet.  
Application Server : Tomcat 

 

Project Description: 

 

This is a best network monitoring tool. In this project we automated the process of 

capturing the real time information from various network devices across the PAN India. 

Calculating the congestion and producing alarm, visualizing the high network utilization. Also 

this tool facilitate creation and calculation of number of Key Performance Indicator through 

which user can interpret the conditions of the network devices. It provides the coverage 

information, live drive testing and cells utilization. One of the best parts of the tool is to 

automate the process of changing the mechanical and electrical configuration of sites remotely 

and compute and produce the real time effect of those changes. 



Responsibilities: 

 

● Developed Map view using JavaScript leaflet library.  
● Designed and developed the MVC pattern Layers.  
● Used Spring IOC concepts to build the framework  
● Actively participated in writing SQL queries.  
● Deployed the Web application using Maven.  
● Used Hibernate for the O/R mapping.  
● Used Log4j for development and runtime debugging of the application  
● Understanding business requirement by interacting with users. 

 

PROJECT# 3 

 

Title : Foresight JCP 2.0 Vendor Performance  
Organization : Innoeye Technologies (Product)  
Role : Web Developer  
Environment : Spring, Hibernate, Web-Services, Oracle   
Web Technology : Angular JS, High Chart, Leaflet.  
Application Server : Tomcat 

 

Project Description: 
 

This is the new version of Jio Coverage Platform. The work being executed by various 
teams have been measured and metrics have been defined for absolute/relative performance. 
Performance consideration consists Time Compliance (Plan/Actual Dates & Execution Time), 
Quality (based on Rejections and number of Issues assigned). 

 

Responsibilities: 
 

● Developed Map view in Leaflet using Angular JS.  
● Designed chart using High Chart API.  
● Certain API modification to improve performance.    
● Used Log4j for development and runtime debugging of the application 

 

STRENGTH: 

 

● Strive to maintain the high level of performance at work.  
● Exploring the problem in number of ways and find feasible solution.  
● Hard target will be achieved through cool thinking and hard-strike fashion.  
● Ability to learn and adapt new technologies quickly  
● Ability to bring up the team towards organizational goals  
● Adopt the development methodologies and ensure team should follow an engineering 

process. 

 

Personal Details 
 

Name : Jagannath Nanda 
D.O.B   : 01/07/1991 
Gender : Male 
Address : Dumerpali, Balangir, Orissa, 767002 


