
















































KIRAN  G
Kirangkiran037@gmail.com
+91-8095033214




Professional Summary: 
I have around 3 years of experience in analysis, design & implementation within Java,Angular js Web and Enterprise Application Technologies.
Strengths:
· Strong expertise in Analysis and Design using Object Oriented Techniques.
· Strong Debugging skills and ability to learn to new technologies in a short time.
· Excellent opportunity pursuit skills and customer expectation management skills.
· Ability to handle multiple tasks assigned, deliver on time and produce quality output.
· Good communication & interpersonal skills with ability in resolving software issues.
· Good Team worker and have ability to handle critical situations.


Work Experience:
· Working as a software Engineer for DXC.technology(former Hewlett Packard Enterprise)
From nov-2104 till date.

Academic Qualifications:
· Bachelor of Engineering (2010-2014) from Visvesvaraya Technological University, Belgaum with 73%.
· Pre University College (2008-2010) from Sarvodaya PU college, Tumkur with 85%.
· SSLC (2008) from Vidyaniketan high school Tumkur with 89%.

Technical Exposure:
Operating Systems	           : WINDOWS XP/7/8/Vista/7
Programming Languages       :  Java/J2EE , Angular Js, Javascript ,HTML
Database		           : Oracle10g, 11i, PLSQL
Presentation Layer	            HTML, JSP, CSS, AngularJS
Business Layer                       : Servlets, JDBC, Hibernate.
Application Servers                : Apache Server, WebSphere Process Server
Webservers		           : Apache Tomcat
IDE			           : Eclipse, Intell IJ, 


Projects Summary:

	Nov 2014 – Till Date
	Client : Telstra
Project Name : QUOTE 2 ACTIVATE
Environment : IBM WebSphere , Oracle 11i , Java , Hibernate , AngularJS
Team Size: 18
Role : Software Developer.
Description: Telstra is Australian broadband network. Its main applications are facilitating users with voice & internet connections.The aim of this Solution Specification is to describe the solution details of Telstra Wholesale Quote2Activity Application as part of Project Fusion initiative in order to:
1. Enable the solution providers to gain clear understanding of what is being requested.
1. To document at a high level view of the changes to the system.
1. Provide an appropriate target against which the implementation will be tested.
1. Provide a consolidated view of changes to various components for the purpose of application development.




Responsibilities: 
· Enhancement of the Existing programs according to the client’s requirement.
· Worked as the onsite coordinator for one of the release.
· Working on Change Request.
· Coding and Unit Testing.
· Code review for enhancement made and Change Request.
· Used IntellI ij IDEA for coding, SVN as repository
· Deploying applications to servers through IBM.


            Achievements:-

1. Qualified in GATE Examination 2014.
1. Participated in DELTA 13.0, GMIT Davangere.
1. School Topper in Kannada examination in SSLC (got 123/125). 

	

	

	
	

	
	



Personal Information:

	Name
	Kiran G

	Date of Birth
	02-june-1992

	Gender
	Male

	Marital Status
	Single

	Current City
	Bangalore

	Preferred Work location
	Bangalore

	
	

	
	


        Declaration:-
I hereby declare that all the details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge.

                          			  
Place:			   						  	     Your's,
Date:										     Kiran G 

