






































Anirban CV.Word (1)


 

                      ANIRBAN SINHA 
                      Phone : 7003609269 

                       Email  :anirbans1982@gmail.com 

• Pursuing a challenging and responsible career in Sales with 
Customer Service and Man Management. 

SYNOPSIS 

↳ Graduate with over 12 years of experience in Customer Service, Sales and Man Man-
agement.  

↳ Strike a positive and co-operative tone with both customers and co-workers. 

↳ Knowledge of process development tools. 

↳ Gained experience in analysing needs, evaluating end-user requirements. 

↳ An effective communicator with excellent analytical / logical skills and ability. 

↳ Striking a positive and co-operative chord with both customers and co-workers. Built 
excellent customer relationships. 

EMPLOYMENT SCAN 

1) Company’s Name : Maquette Soft Infotech Pvt Ltd. 
       Date                      :  1st November,16 Till Date. 

       Designation          : Business & Operations Head  

   Job Role                : Oversee the activities of workers; hire, train and evaluate new  

                                      employees and ensure that every department is on track to meet     

                                      its financial goals. Handle a Team of 200+ FTE’s, 20 Team  

                                     Leaders , 4 Assistant Manager ,1 Operation Manager. 

• Develop and implement budgets, Prepare reports , and ensure 
the every department complies with company policies.  

• Develop goals and objectives that tend to growth and prosperi-
ty 

• Design and implement business plans and strategies to promote 
the attainment of goals 

2) Company’s Name : Diversified Technologies India 
     Date  : From 3rd  May’12 to 31st October’16 

     Designation : Sr.Manager Operations 

     Job Role                :  Manage a team of 15 supervisors and 10coaches (spanning 180  

   FLAs) Sales and Customer Service Voice process ,              

                                      Telecom,Lead Generation Process, Medical Process and Survey . 

● Drive attrition control for the process through various activities 
like Fun at Work, Training/Operations RnR, New Hire induction 
and other employee engagement activities. 



3) Company’s Name       : First Source Solutions  
     Date                           : 4th Nov ‘2009 to 31st April’2012 

     Designation                : Process Leader 

     Job Role                      : Managing a team of 20-30 agents in a voice process. 

                   

                                    Responsible for technically grooming the L1 Advisors & 
PICs by ways of Training and coaching. KRAs included monitoring actual per

-formance across various parameters like, First Time Resolution scores, Produc-
tivity Deliverance, optimisation of AHT, Compliance metrics. 

4) Company’s Name    : Octagon Software Pvt.Ltd  
    Date                         : 2nd Feb’2006 to 30th Oct’2009 

     Designation            :  Team Leader 

  

     Job Role              : Handling a Team of 10 Sales Managers and meeting day on       

                                   day targets. In-terms of sales and Team and Team KPI,s.                       

SCHOLASTICS 

● Completed Executive MBA from Karnataka University through correspondence in 
Production and Operation. 

● Graduate from Bangalore University. 

● 12th from Maharastra State Board in year 2000. 

● 10th from St. Patrick’s H’S’School (ICSE) in year 1998. 

AWARDS & ACHIEVEMENTS 

▪ Participated in annual sports at school level.  

▪ Have been the Captain of Basketball Team in college.  

o Awarded Best Team Leader in Different Quarters 

o Awarded As Star Performer for Different Quarters 

o Awarded As Best Team at different Quarters  

o Awarded As Star TL for Different Months 

▪ Completed TTQ Certification ( Train To Quality ). 

▪ Completed Yellow Belt ( Six Sigma from FSL In-house). 

▪ Completed TTT Certification ( Train To Train ). 

PERSONAL DOSSIER 

Date of Birth   : 18th May 1982.  

Address              : Diamond City West 

                                                 Tower 3 , Flat -12G  

                                                 12th Floor  

                                                 Ho Chi Minh Sarani  

                                                 Behala , Kolkata-700061 

Languages Known             : English, Hindi, and Bengali


