












































	
	Chitrank N. Laddha

	B. E. (Electrical & Electronics Engineering)
Email id: chitrankladdha@gmail.com	
Mobile:+919665097778


	



Career Objective
I want to contribute to the success of the organization through sincerity and dedication towards work. I like to be a best team member who will achieve own as well as team target.
Summary

·      Total 3 years experience in Life –Sciences analytics, Sales and Marketing Analytics, BI        
     Reporting
·      3 years relevant experience  in  Excel/ VBA
·      Ability to design Dashboard, Reports with the help of Excel, VBA & Business Intelligence
     Tool – Tableau, Power BI
·      2.5 years experience in SQL
·      Excellent Leadership skills, team player, adaptable & smart work.

Technical Skills

· Analytics & Visualization Tools:
·      Excel 
·      Power View, Power MAP
·      Power BI
·      Tableau

· Programming Language:
·      SQL
·      VBA
·      C	

Employer

·      Working as  Associate in Cognizant Technology Solution (March 2015 - Till Date) 

Project Undertaken

1. Project Title:   One of the largest  CSO(contractual sales organization ) of USA 
Technology:   Excel, VBA & SQL
Duration     :   April, 2015 - November, 2015

         Roles and Responsibilities

· Understanding data and requirement 
· Preparing Business Requirement Document (BRD)
· Processing of data using SQL and SAS
· Create performance report for sales force team 
· Generating tool and techniques to do proper and efficient quality check of the reports.

2. Project Title :  Sales Crediting for oncology pharmaceutical company of USA
Technology:  Excel, VBA, SQL & BI Tools - Power BI & Tableau 
Duration     :  December, 2015 to till date

Roles and Responsibilities

·      Understand data and requirement and according to it prepared business requirement documents
·      Provide continuous analytical support and business solution 
·      Delivered Suite of advanced analytics solutions ranging from Customer data management,       
     Segmentation & Targeting, Territory & Alignment Management, Sales force sizing, Patient Data 
             Analytics, Sales reporting & BI, Ad-hoc analysis
·      Incentive Compensation Plan Administration - Primary objective was to design, Analyse Incentive Plan                   
     and its administration in various phases. Work involved preparation of various reports which provide    
     Key insights to clients through SQL, Excel and VBA     
·      Brands level goals setting for the sales force team
·      Generate nation , region and territory level sales report 
·      Quarterly performance report and Brand performance report
·      Develop dashboard using excel /vba  and  business intelligence tool Tableau
·      Business review decks for stakeholders
·      Prepare and maintained SOP of the reports
·      Critical Adhoc reports
·      Data management and enhancement using SQL server
·      Mentor new resource and helped them to understand the basic concepts of the Business plan, data   
     Analysis, reporting work and training activity
Strengths

·    Ability to learn new technologies with minimum guidance
·    Team player and Open-minded
·    Responsible and Time-bound approach
·    Focused, diligent, proven performer who is adapt at working independently as well as contributing as  
          productive team member
·    Quick learner, target oriented, hard-worker, enthusiastic
·    Good analytical, observational and communication skills 	

Education Qualification

	Course
	Board/University
	Stream
	Year Of Passing
	CGPA / % marks

	Bachelor Of Engineering
	Sant Gadge Baba University, Amravati
	Electrical & Electronics Engineering
	2014 
	9.58

	Higher Secondary School Certificate
	Amravati
	Electronics
	2010
	75.00%

	Secondary School Certificate
	Amravati
	N/A
	2008
	80.92%


Personal Information

Name: -                                 Chitrank N. Laddha

Father’s name: -                  Narayandas R. Laddha

Mother’s name: -                Kalpana N. Laddha

Date of Birth: -                     08/12/1992
	
Gender:-                               Male

Declaration:

I hereby declare that all the information furnished above is true and correct to the best of my knowledge
and belief.

									
 Chitrank  Laddha,
 Gurgaon
