













































Name: First Name Last Name

PAGE  
1


Shibashis Haldar
+91 9831304216  
	Work Experience

	Organization
	Location
	Designation
	Period

	Wipro Ltd.
	Kolkata
	HR Lead - Account
	April-14 Till Date

	Bharti Airtel Ltd.  
	Chandigarh
	Manager-HR
	Nov 2011- March-14

	Firstsource Solutions Ltd.
	Siliguri (W.B.)
	Assist. Manager - HR
	July 2009 – Nov 2011


	Job Role & Responsibility    Talent Management - Account Lead (April-14 Onwards)

	Sector : ITES
	· Responsible for handling Talent Engagement and Development of 4000+ employees across the 3 locations with 4 direct and 3 indirect reports.
· Review organization structure design and role accountabilities from time to time to ensure that organization is structured effectively to suit the growth plans of the business.
· Manage people aspect of business ramp up or ramp down & advise staffing & bench management team to ensure minimal free pool at all times.

· Lead the manpower planning process in line with growth plans and ensure that all functions have the optimal number of resources.
· Advise Talent Acquisition on the compensation of external hires keeping in mind the parity checks for existing employees.
· Oversee the organization's promotion process, succession planning, career pathing, fast track / employee rotation process in coordination with respective function heads to ensure key skills availability for sustained growth and business continuity 
· To drive retentions and attrition reduction through annual employee survey outcome actionable at account level and location level. 

· Formulate overall HR strategy for the account and align it with business plans.
· To drive employee awareness through site level teams to achieve real time grievance resolution and closure on actionable for the same.
· Responsible for driving redressal for any critical grievances pertaining to harassment at workplace and other Ombuds concerns.

· To ensure that all HR policies are in compliance with applicable labor laws and other regulations 


	Wipro Ltd.
	· 


	Job Role & Responsibility            Talent Acquisition & Talent Management- UN (Pb,Hry,HP,J&K)           Nov-11 – March-14

	Sector : Telecom
	· Handling Talent Acquisition for Airtel for Punjab, Haryana, HP & J&K.

· Manpower planning for the Sales field force basis AOP.

· Handling Talent Management for (0-6) Month bucket employees.

· Handling retention, PMS, Induction, and Talent Management for the 6 months tenured employees.

· Handling reward management for the circle.

· Recruiting manpower for all functions including Sales, Marketing, Finance, and Supply Chain etc. based out of UN circle.
· Meeting the Month on Month basis frontline Sales TSM hiring targets basis Attrition.

· Managing the end to end recruitment process and ensuring job fit for the hired candidates as per the Quality of Hire parameters of the organization.
· Campus Recruitment for Sales/CSD from Tier 2/Tier 3 B schools from Pb/Hry/HP and J&K.
· Engaging empanelled consultants for closure of positions.
· Organizing walk in interviews across geographies in circle for mass recruitment of front line sales function employees.
· Organizing Induction and on boarding of new joining employees with special impetus on seamless integration of non telecom hires into the organization. 

· Engaging with (0 to 6 Months tenured) employees to enhance their engagement with the Organization as well to check Attrition from this bucket.


	Bharti Airtel Ltd.
	· 


	Job Role & Responsibility             HR Generalist Role (July-09 to Oct-10)  &    TA Location Lead( Oct-10 – Nov-11)

	Sector : ITES
	· Line HR looking after an entire Process of 300+ Employees.

· Responsible for designing & implementing Monthly/Quarterly/Annual PMS for the Span and ensuring seamless integration into Online Implementation Phase.

· Managing end to end Internal Promotions for the entire center through IJP as per the requirement at various levels in the organization.

· Initiating various Leadership & Learning Initiatives both for the top & bottom quartile of performance grid.

· Implementing different Policies of the Company and coordinating with other functions to ensure implementation of the same.

· Managing Attrition & Shrinkage on a regular basis and handling online migration to the ERS (Employee Relieving System).

· Maintaining and following an exhaustive Communication Calendar which creates a method of checks & balances as well as ensures regular communication through skip level meetings.

· Managing various Grievances and SH related cases arising in the workplace. 

· Ensuring Payroll administration and handling grievances related to it.

· Managing and implementing extensive Reward Management system in the organization.

· Creating Employee Delight by Organizing various cultural functions and event management around the year.

· Creating different types of ESAT Dipstick surveys and implementing it.

· Crisis Management during BCP days (Bandhs/Strikes etc) which is very specific to W.B.



	Firstsource Solutions Ltd.
	· 


	Educational Qualification

	Year
	Qualification
	Institute, University
	Percentage / CGPA

	2007-2009
	M.BA ( HR)      
	Tata Institute of Social Sciences, Mumbai
	4.41/6

	2003-2007
	B.Tech-IT
	Sastra University, Trichy (T.N)
	8.31/10

	2002
	12th (CBSE)
	Ram Krishna Mission  ,Deoghar (Jharkhand)   
	76.2%

	2000
	10th (CBSE)
	Ram Krishna Mission  ,Deoghar ( Jharkhand)    
	92.2%


	Fieldwork Projects in TISS

	Semester
	Organization
	Title of Project

	1
	TATA MOTORS
	Recruitment & Selection Benchmarking

	2
	BPCL
	Employee Engagement Survey & Analysis

	3
	Western Union Money Transfer
	Framing of new HR Policies & Revamping   existing ones

	4
	Wyeth Pharmaceuticals
	Employee Referral Policy, Exit Interview Analysis & VDA calculation


	Summer Internship: April-June 2008

	Organization: Dr Reddy’ Laboratories, Hyderabad

	 Project Title: Enhancing Employer Branding through internal and external website
Description: I tried to capture the Brand equity and EVP of the company from both present and potential future employees and tried to incorporate it in designing the content and layout of the career website from Employer Branding point of view. 


	Academic Achievements

	Won Raha Scholarship from American Services to India (ASI) for the  year 2000

	Won Raha Scholarship from American Services to India (ASI) for the year 2001

	Won Merit Certificate Under National Scholarship Scheme in 2000

	Scored 100% In Mathematics in 10th Board Examination (CBSE) 2000

	Won Gold Medal for securing highest marks in English (96%) in (A.I.S.S.C.E.-02)

	In University Dean’s List for being in the Top 10% for the Academic year 04-05


	Extra-Curricular Achievements

	Published an article on  North East in The Hindu Newspaper dated 13th August 2006 

	Published an Essay on “Growing Intolerance & declining human values” in the February 2008 edition of the magazine “The Radical Humanist”.

	Won Best Goalkeeper Award in Swami Brahmananda Memorial Football Tournament-2000

	Formed a School Level Rock Band “The Awkwards “in 2000

	Passed Parambhik in Tabla from Pracheen Kala Kendra (Chandigarh) in 1996


Name

: 

        Shibashis Haldar



Place: Kolkata
Email

: 

        haldar100@gmail.com


Date: 24/04/2017
Phone

:                                   +91 9831304216
Date of Birth
:                                   04/07/84
Permanent  Address: 
                     112 Shivam Apartment

                                                                 Saidpur Canal Road, 

                                                                     Patna 800004
Present Address:


      Flat 1603





      Heights Tower 7 Uniworld City





      Newtown Kolkata 700156                    





   
