



















































Dhanasekhar S
Software Engineer  
HCL Technologies Ltd                                                         		Exp: 2.9 Years
E-mail: dhanasekharsubramaniam@gmail.com
Mobile: +91 9443729619

Professional Summary
• Have extensive experience in development, enhancement and production support using SDLC methodology in Mainframe technologies like COBOL, JCL, DB2, SQL, VSAM and tools like CA7, File Master Plus, Pan valet, Intertest, SAR-K, OMS, SPUFI, QMF and TSO/ISPF.
• Have good experience in insurance domain.
• Have keen interest in learning and working on new tools and technologies.

Technical Summary
	Skill
	Specialization

	Operating Systems 
	IBM-Mainframe Z/OS, MS-Windows XP

	Languages
	COBOL, JCL, CICS, SQL, DB2 and VSAM.

	Databases
	DB2, VSAM, Oracle

	Tools
	File Master plus, expeditor, SCS, SAR-K, OMS, Pan valet, CA-7, TSO/IPSF, SPUFI and QMF.



Academics	
1. B.E. in Electronics & Communication from Angel College of Engineering and Technology, Tirupur, TamilNadu.

Work History
	Duration
	Organization
	Role

	Feb 2015 – Till date
	HCL Technologies
	Software Engineer



Achievements
1. Received many awards for good works in technical and operational support areas.
1. Received appreciations from customers for excellence in the work.
1. Completed agile foundation assessments.

Project Summary
Client: AIG (American General Insurance)
American General Life Companies, AIG is a subsidiary of American General Financial Corporation, one of the largest consumer financial services organizations in USA, Headquartered in Houston. American General Financial Corporation is a leading provider of retirement annuities, consumer loans and life insurance. AIG/AG deals with life insurance division and includes number of life insurance companies. American International Group, Inc. (AIG), world leaders in insurance and financial services, is the leading international insurance organization with operations in more than 130 countries and jurisdictions. AIG companies serve commercial, institutional and individual customers through the most extensive worldwide property-casualty and life insurance networks of any insurer.
Project Name: AIG (Life AMS)
Description: Life AMS is a life insurance system which has applications with ability to periodically extract policy information from the administration system. The application uses batch programs to process high volume activity like changes and renewals, and online screens for exception processing and viewing results, maintenance of the Reinsurance System is complete and auditable.
Roles and responsibilities:
· Involved in initial Analysis, Requirement gathering, analysis of existing systems as per the client specifications and preparation of technical specification.
· Enhancement of existing system to fix the issues in the system or build the new functionality based on the client requirements.
· Develop new codes using COBOL, DB2, JCL, DB2, and SAS as per the requirements.
· Preparation of test cases and unit testing.
· Have taken up the whole responsibility of adding new documents to the Domain Manual.
· Reviewing components that are to be delivered to the client.
· Helping the team technically and functionally. 
· Involved in critical production issues to use my expertise technical and business knowledge to resolve them within stipulated SLA.
· Perform Impact Analysis, Defect Fixes, Prepare the Design for the proposed changes whenever required and create the Design Documents from the Functional Specification.
· Planning, Tracking and Monitoring the project progress and performance.
· Project communication with onsite to clarify the work related queries and status updates.
Personal Details
Name			:	Dhanasekhar S        
Sex			: 	Male
Date of Birth		:	28-09-1992
Marital Status		: 	Single
Nationality		:	Indian
Mobile		 	:	+91 9443729619
Email			:	dhanasekharsubramaniam@gmail.com
Languages known	:         	English, Tamil

Declaration

I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.

          							      			Dhanasekhar S
Date:
Place: Chennai

