











































G.GUNASEKHAR
Email: sekhar.guna78@gmail.com
Phone: 9740553055
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Objective:

Seeking a HR position in a reputed company where I can utilize my learned skills to develop
myself and the organization.

Experience Summary:

4.11 years of experience in recruitment and Post recruitment activities. Have handled
different functions in HR (Recruitment to Exit). Currently working as Employee relations
executive (HRBP) in Omega healthcare management services.

Work Experience:

Omega Healthcare Management services 24-Nov-2014 to till date
Senior Executive -HR

Role & Responsibilities:

Currently handling Integra connect-AR vertical housing 600+ Associates on floor and around 60 - 70 trainees a month.

• Ensuring HR policy implementation as per Omega Healthcare policies, India.

1. Single point of contact for all employee relations/engagement activities w.r.t employees in Integra Connect vertical.
2. Responsible for tracking the attendance (absenteeism) of employees on production and in training, meeting them to understand the reasons of their absenteeism.
3. Responsible to address all the HR related queries or concerns of new recruits and       employees on floor.
4. Responsible to address employee grievances as and when it arises or within a TAT of 48 hrs.
5. To ensure the objectives of Employee Relations are carried out in a smooth and employee friendly manner.
6. Responsible to conduct fun @ work activities every week or once in forth night.

• Driving governance structure meetings on a monthly basis –

1. Skip meet with Service Delivery Head (3rd level Supervisor) with Associates
2. Skip meet with Manager (2nd level Supervisor) with Associates – Team wise
3. Skip meet with HR (myself) with Associates - Team wise
4. Skip meet for Team Leads/Quality Leads with SDH.
5. Conduct Early Engagement Meeting coupled with the online survey data inputs with the new joiners post training and graduation to the floor along with SDH to understand their pulse.
6. Conduct Team Health Study for two to three teams in a month which is an online survey cum questionnaire in different dimensions of each employee that gives a broader view as how the team’s pulse is. Later this is shared across all Operations stake holders and constructive feedback is provided to the Leads wherever necessary after score analysis.

• Meeting employees who are in Red category in Early Warning System (3-5 per day) on a random basis over a coffee or break for 1-15 minutes to understand his or her comfort level at work, equations with supervisor and peers, if there is any concern at personal level etc. and take them through counselling wherever required. This immensely helps in arresting attrition to certain level.
•Meeting all the employees who are in notice period to understand the reason of their resignation and try to address it accordingly. 
• Take part in the HR weekly review with BU Operations Head to present the data as well as its analysis in the items that comes across different skip level early engagement meets, EWS meets and in retention meetings, the progress and gaps along with the counter mechanisms.
• Act promptly as per the set guidelines in case of any violation of corporate values, policies or breach of integrity.
• Apart from the regular responsibilities as a Spoc additionally working as a HR panellist in IJPs and other vertical as well as lateral movements across BU movement till Lead level.

Accenture Services Pvt Limited 19-Mar-2014 to 20-Nov-2014
Sourcing Expert

Role & Responsibilities:
 Sourcing qualified candidates via web, utilizing various job boards, industry contacts and
     the internal database.
 Responsible for sourcing resumes from different job boards as per the requirements.
 Preparation of Spreadsheets of the candidates based on their experience and skills for
     easy manoeuvring and contact of candidates for the management.
 Maintaining database of all the resumes received.
 Collaborating with the requestors and recruiters on regular basis to select the
     appropriate interviewer's panel for the given requisition.
 Worked extensively and connected with various teams on projects and helped in as the
     team on resume screening for various requisitions.
 Maintaining and updating the Hiring Dashboards and presenting the data's in the team meetings.
 Involved in end to end recruitment process for multiple levels (from Entry level
     to Tech leads/Tech Architects/Project Managers) and across all the departments.

 Drive the recruitment planning process & build the talent pipeline for the business to
     achieve hiring targets within the standard timelines.
 Handled all open source technologies/software skills.

SHIKSHA InfoTech PVT, LTD., SEP-13 to Mar-14
IT-Recruiter

Roles & Responsibilities:
 Handling END TO END Recruitment activities.
 Ensure 100% compliance with Screening and Recruitment process.
 Responsible for complete recruitment life cycle of a candidate beginning with
     understanding and analyzing the client requirements of different skill set until final
     joining.
 Recruited candidates at all levels - junior - Middle - senior level.
 Co-coordinating regarding the Requirements with the Client Companies.
 Job Posting and bulk mailing in different portals.
 Screening resumes from various sources like searching from different job portals,
     internal database, responses through Job Posting, References etc.
 Matching the Profile and screening them in the telephonic round of interview
 Sourcing, screening and short listing the profiles and scheduling for the interview (with
     Client Company).
 Arranging telephonic and personal interviews to the short listed candidates. Follow up
     with placed candidates about the job and new candidates regarding Interviews &
     relevant Openings.
 Negotiating with the clients & candidates for CTC
 Ensuring the joining of the candidates.







Academic qualifications:
 2005 – 2006- SSC from ST.John’s English medium high school with an aggregate of 62%.
 2006 – 2008- Intermediate from Narayana junior college with an aggregate of 88.5%.
 2008 -2011- BSC (Computers) from Sri Krishna Chaitanya Degree and PG College with
an aggregate of 86%.
 2011-2013- MBA (HR AND Finance) from Narayana Engineering College with
an aggregate of 78%.

Project/Internship:
TALENT ACQUISITION at Muthoot Fin Corp Ltd from 20/03/13 to 17/06/13

Description: Talent acquisition is how organizations recruit and retain skilled employees. It is important to be purposeful in acquiring talented employees because there is much cost wasted in recruiting and training an individual that does not have the necessary skills to perform a job proficiently.
 To know how the company attracts employees with multi dimensional skills to suit the
present and future requirements of the organization
 To attract and retain high quality diverse candidates
 To know what are the methods & practices adapted for the talent acquisition process in
the company.

Strengths:
 Adaptable to change
 Hard worker
 Good team player
 Confidence

Weaknesses:
 Workaholic

Interpersonal skills:
 Leadership skills
 Communication skills
Technical Skills:
 Operating System: Windows XP and 7
 Others: MS Office

Achievements:
 Won the Cricket Tournament for the college in degree level competition under my
Captaincy
 Won copper medal in “disc Throw” competition at school level.

Activities:
 Participated in various management meets and seminars
 Organized many events at college.

Personal details:

Father name: G. Suresh babu
              Sex: Male
Marital status: Single
Temporary Address: Room: 4 SVS PG
MSR layout, Marathahalli, Bangalore
Permanent Address: #12/595, Kamsali Street,
Opposite Mahalaksmi temple,
Santhapet, Nellore-524001.
Languages: English, Telugu and Hindi



Declaration:
I hereby declare that the above mentioned details are true for my knowledge.

Date:
(G. Gunasekhar)
Place:
