













































Minakshi Mandal					Email ID- minumandal1@gmail.com


  

minumandal1@gmail.com |+91-9874152688 

Ms. Minakshi Mandal 
 

Career Summary 
 Experienced HR professional (>3 yrs. Experience) 

 ~3 yrs. experience at Capgemini India Pvt. Ltd. 

 >1 yr. experience at PCS Global Pvt. Ltd.  

 Experience in handling end-to-end payroll, SAP Payroll/HCM, HR operation/administration, recruitment and hiring process 

Academic Qualification 
 

Year Degree Institution Board/University Subjects/Specialization CGPA/% 

2014 MBA Calcutta University Calcutta University Human resource management 70.16% 

2012 B. Tech. Guru Nanak Institute of Technology WBUT Food Technology 8.78 

2008 XII KV Cossipore CBSE Science 68.80% 

2006 X KV Cossipore CBSE General 80.40% 

 

Professional Experience 
 

Organization: Capgemini India Pvt. Ltd. Process Associate - Team Lead (acting) 3 yrs. (Sep`15 – Present) 

Rewards and 

Recognitions 

 Received best team award in Jan 18 

 Promoted to next level (Process Associate) with effect October 17 

 Awarded Best Performer of the month in July 2016 – Sept 2016 

 Awarded 'XtraMile' for continuous exceptional performance in May`17 

 Awarded “Soaring Eagle” for best performance of the month in May ‘16 

 Multiple instances of appreciations from client directly 

Key roles and 

responsibilities 

 Heading transition of payroll System . 

 Handelling a 5 member team for end-to-end payroll management, Statutory compliance and HR operations starting 

from new hire to exit process; training new members  

 Responsible for client management; vendor management coordinate with Client, Reporting Manager and team 

members 

 Analyzing dashboard reports to ensure 100% client satisfaction by rectifying process gaps. 

 Responsible for preparing process documentation, process map and reports relating individual performance. 

 Resolving employees queries and grievances on day-to day basis. 

 Responsible for wage type implementation in Sap . 

 Ensuring proper flow of operation pertaining to the HR Services. 

Certifications 
 Capgemini Certified SAP HCM 

 Capgemini Certified BPO Global Six sigma yellow Belt 

Payroll & 

Benefit 

Administration 

 Handle end-to-end payroll of >2000 employees for both domestic employees and international assignees 

 Extensive knowledge of SAP HCM system (ECC v6.0)and workday; proficient in error (G2 type) and query resolution  

 Responsible for managing employee database; also, preparing and monitoring client salary details in a batch 

 Supervise IT calculation, and investment declaration & proofs submission; responsible for solving client queries 

 Conduct process validation meeting and discuss on process change; also responsible for ‘Full & Final’ calculation 

 Ensure complete compliance with regards to payment of payroll statutory liabilities including PF, TDS, LWF,ESI , PT 

etc. 

 Administering the benefits 

 Dealing with Pf online procedures 

 End to end validation of each salary components processed in salary for particular month. 

 Conducting validation process for all new hires, Full and final settlement cases , promotion cases ,transfer cases 

and any payment processed through payroll. 

 

HR operation 

 Responsible for the maintenance of HR Administration tracking system (including new hires, promotions, Full and 

final settlement etc.) 

 Use SAP to prepare monthly/additional payroll report; ensure overall delivery of service as per client SLA 

 Monitoring workflow and allocating work to respective team member to complete in timely manner 



  

minumandal1@gmail.com |+91-9874152688 

 Discussion with managers for monthly operations reviews, weekly, catch up calls & Video conferences 

 Preparing presentations and dashboards for monthly review meetings 
 

 

 

 

Organization: PCS Global India Pvt. Ltd. HR Manager (Generalist) >1 yrs. (Aug`14 – Sep`15) 

Key roles and 
responsibilities 

 Generalist HR profile; responsible for end-to-end HR operations 

 Management of payroll, HR policies, recruitment, New joinee on boarding ,trainings, resource planning, exit 

formalities etc. 

HR operation 
details 

 Managing employees payroll and resolving queries 

 Developing the HR plans and policies in conjunction with the company’s overall development plan 

 Screening, and hiring candidates as per the requirement; also, developing induction programs for the new recruits 

 Evaluation of the performance of the employees; processing annual appraisals 

 Conducting various HR activities to motivate employees 

 Developing and enforcing disciplinary policies 

 Handling employee exit process; dealing with the final settlement 

 Resource forecasting process 

 

Professional References 

Reference Name 1. Amisha Rohatgi 
Process Lead 
Capgemini India Pvt. Ltd. 
Mobile no.-9007396450 
Email Id : amisha.rg@gmail.com 

 
Reference Name 2. Partha Sarathi Das 
Senior Analyst 
ADP 
Mobile no.-9831530926 
Email Id: -sarathiparthad@gmail.com 
 
 


