











































Microsoft Word - JAYSHREE MALI.docx


Jayshree Mali  

Accounting& Finance Professional       

+91-9930171994 

Email ID : jayshree.mali1989@gmail.com 

 

Summary:  
 Enthused and results driven finance professional. More than Seven years of progressive experience in various 

aspects of accounting, Tax, Forecasting, Reconciliation, Finalization,starting from AP/AR, up to General Ledger. 

 Successfully executed and managed corporate accounting in IT Company and Construction Company. Exposure 
in IT (software)- Tally and MS- Office, Visual Gems, FA ( ERP )  

 Set-up of Accounts department and Maintained everything systematically in Tally for Total 7 Years in a Startup 
and Family Owned Company. 

 Having the ability to handle complex assignments effectively, as well as possessing the experience of handling, 
leading and motivating a team.  

 Professional Skills: General Ledger Accounting, Tax, Monthly Closing & Management Reporting, 
Finalization, Assisting Audit, Forecasting, Budgeting, Ratio Analysis, Outsourcing Management, Bank 

Realization Certificate ( EDPMS ) Vat Assessment, GST Reconciliation and Working , Receivable 

Accounting. 
 Proficient in Tally ERP 9,MS Office, Windows XP / Vista/10, VISUAL FA ERP. 
 Looking for full time Opportunity 
 Valid B1/B2 Visa – USA 

 

Career:  

 MANAGER ACCOUNTS         13
th

 May 2017 till date  

Marsil Exports 

Marsil is specialized in hand embroideries for international designers, fashion houses, and manufacturing 

companies for over 3 decades. It is a Partnership firm run by 3 partners With 200 Corers of Turnover. Reporting 

to HOD 

 Financial reporting to management ( MIS , INVESTMENT, RECEIVABL REPORT) 

 Co-ordinating with bank related to BRC, EDPMS Issue, Forex, Forward Contracts, and Investment. 

 Coordinating with Client for their report requirement and payment follow-up 

 Working on two system parallel ( Visual FA , Tally Erp 9 ), Assisting SOP, Moving all the accounting 

data from Tally to Visual FA, 

 Assisting Auditor for finalizing the accounts. Follow up with team for day to day transaction.  

 GST reconciliation and preparation for finalization with the help of HOD 

 Vat Assessment and follow- up with Vendors. (Vat Assessment done for FY 12-13,13-14 ) 

 Scrutiny of payment and Transaction, FA Register and reconciliation of bank and cash Flow Report 

preparation. 

 Maintaining partner’s returns and Investment working. 



 

Head Accounts & finance         Nov 2014 – Jan 2017 

Jampot Technologies Pvt Ltd 

An enterprise solutions provider and system integration company. Deals in Plantronics Products, 

Global Client Service (Outsourcing ), Service in providing Internship to European Students 

Responsibilities:     

 Forecast / Cash Flow Preparation and Presentation and Process Improvement. Handling all direct & 
indirect taxation. Responsible for reconciliations. Bank reconciliation for Accounts Receivable, Accounts 

Payable, Revenue Accrual, Outsourcing Management, Perform month/ Year end closure within a 

stringent timeline. 

 Handling all bank related query’s , Forward Contracts  
 Monthly Closing - Inventory, Bank & Cash reconciliations, Tax Payments, MIS.  
 Reviewing Journal Entries & Reconciliations of junior team members on regular and ad-hoc basis 

 Audit of Accounts  

 Preserve a relationship with other groups within the company such as Sales and Admin, HR to obtain any 
information for processes or for conflict/resolution purposes. Review and analyze Profit & Loss 

statements for fluctuations and irregularities. Audit of Sister Concern Companies (Jampot Technologies , 

Jampot Photonics, Jampot Consulting and Directors ) 

 Maintaining all records for Audit and co-ordination with Auditor 
 

Accounts and Admin Executive       May 2013 – Oct 2014 

Jampot Technologies Pvt Ltd 

Responsibilities & Area of Working 

 Accounts Finalization/ Price Analyzing, TDS/ VAT/ ITR/ Service Tax/OCTROI , Audit of Companies 
and Submitting Reports, Cash flow/ Budget Preparation Sales/ Purchase / Orders and Invoice preparation 

and payment follow-ups Stock finalisation and adjustment against sales and purchase , R & D against new 

amendments and making it applicable, Cost sheet Preparation, AMC Management with Project Managers, 

Filing of Return of Director and employees, Form 16 preparations, Handling Bank transaction, MIS, 

Documentation, HR, Book Keeping, Payment Follow-ups, Reporting, Logistics, Inventory Control, 

Mentoring Jr.Accountants 

 

Accounts Executive         Oct 2011 – April 2013 

Versatile Build Con Pvt Ltd (A family-owned construction company) 

 Served as lead accountant and office administrator for Versatile and its entire 8 Sister concern 

Companies, Versatile Realty, Jaydeep Developers, Prime House, Zion Impex, Zion Inc., M/S Bhakti 

Shah, JYB Exim, and Prajanya Investments.  Developed and implemented systems for collecting, 

analyzing, verifying, and reporting financial information.  Managed a staff of 4.  Prepared budgets, 

audited accounts and reported to appropriate agencies.  Handled invoices, bookkeeping and Processed 

payroll.  Oversaw employee reimbursements. Handling Direct Indirect taxation. 

 Regular interactions with the Suppliers, Bankers, internal and external clients, and Auditors in execution 
of dependent processes. 

 

CONTRACT JOBS: ( Part Time work while appearing for Masters ) 
 

Junior Accountant         May 2011 – Sept 2011 

Ocean Developer (Construction Company) 

 Deal with daily transactions for the petty cash and ensure that reconciliations are completed   
 Sales/ Purchase / Orders and Invoice preparation and payment follow-ups, Data Entry in Tally and 

Administration / Office Maintenance, Processing the monthly payroll, Invoicing , Documentation, Book 

Keeping, Reporting, Inventory Control, Accounting of employee reimbursements and tracking 

documents, Assisting in the online management of documents, MIS, Documentation, HR, Book Keeping, 

Payment Follow-ups, Reporting, Logistics, Inventory Control 



Front Desk Receptionist                                     Oct 2010 – April 2011 

International Certification Services (ISO Certification Service co) 

 Assisted and supported administrative staff in their day-to-day operations. Front Desk Executive handled 
all together. Assisted in inventory control and maintaining inventory records. Inward/ Outward Entry. 

 

Administrative Assistant        May 2010 – Aug 2010 

Hindustan Petrolium Corporation ( LPG Co) 

Assistant of Chief Regional Officer. Played a critical role in ensuring smooth office operations by managing 

multiple administrative/Front desk and back office work 

 

 

Academics: 

M.Com Swami Vivekanand College of Arts Science & Commerce                             2010-2012 

 B.com   Swami Vivekanand College of Arts Science & Commerce   2007-2010  

 H.S.C.  Swami RamkrishnaParamhans College of Arts Science & Commerce   2005-2007 

 S.S.C.   Chembur High School        2005 

 

 

Personal Information: 
 Date of Birth -   July 18

th
, 1989 

 Sex -    Female 

 Nationality -   Indian  

 Marital Status -   Single 

Address-   119 Prayag Nagar Society, L U GadkariMargChembur Mumbai 400074. 

Passport   M0463292

 


