












































A

	
	

	
	                            Mob -+91 9492592230

	SANTOSH VIJJAPU
	                            Email : santhosh.vijjapu@gmail.com

	
	



CAREER OBJECTIVE



To seek a Challenging position in an Organization, where my knowledge and skills can be shared and enriched and also where there is scope for career growth.
PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION

· Chartered Accountant (CA) in the year of  Nov, 2011
· Cost Accountant (CWA) in the year of June, 2012
ACADEMIC PROFILE

· B.Com – Andhra University (2005-2008) and secured 59%
· Intermediate – Board of Intermediate A.P. (2003-2005) and secured 91% 

· X Std – Board of Secondary Education A.P. (2002-2003) and secured 78% 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

· Having 6 years 6 months of experience post CA qualification.
	Working in Genpact as Senior Consultant from September, 2016 to till date.

	Scope of work covered on Compliance Testing:
> Performing of control testing for all the process level controls in P2P, R2R & O2C and identifying the design or operating effectiveness of the control.
> Discuss with control owners and agree on the action plans and remediation for the controls which were concluded as failure.

> Report to Risk Manager Team on the status of control testing on a weekly basis.

> Provide recommendations to control owners if there is deviation to the process to be followed.

> Performing activities like SLA Audit, Data Privacy Audit, BGC Testing, Leavers deactivation testing, Mandatory training completion testing and BCP testing.



	Worked in Capgemini Business Services (India) Pvt Ltd., as a Senior Consultant – SOX and Compliance, from December, 2013 to September 2016.

	Scope of work covered:

1. Sox testing:

> Performing of control testing for all the process level controls in P2P, R2R, O2C and P&S and Company level controls.

> Discuss with control owners and agree on the action plans and remediation for the controls which were concluded as failure.

> Report to Global Compliance & Group Sox on the status of control testing on a regular basis.

2. Sox Walkthrough's:

> Performing of end to end walkthroughs for all the sub processes which are in the scope as defined and agreed with external auditors.

> Discuss with process owners on the observations pertaining to design deficiency/operating deficiency and agree on the action plans and remediation.

             > Report to Global Compliance and Group Sox on the status of walkthroughs on a regular    

             basis.



	Worked in Balaji Associates (Audit firm) for a period of 1 year 10 months from February, 2012 to November, 2013.

	Exposure to a wide Spectrum of Audits and Taxation services in a range of industries, leading to experience in the following areas:

1. Internal Audits:

-
Analysis and review of internal control systems in various companies.  Highlighting areas where the controls are weak, suggesting corrective measures to be taken.
-
Suggesting improvements in the existing system in critical areas like stock, cash and various liquid assets.
-
Knowledge of tax laws and ensuring compliance with the same.
2. Statutory Audits:

-
Handling of various Finalizations of year-ended accounts.

-
Knowledge of applicability of Accounting Standards in the statutory audits.

3. Tax Audits:

-
Knowledge of tax audit requirements for companies, firms and individuals (Form 3CA, 3CB, 3CD) and compliance required in accordance with the various Guidance notes and Income Tax Laws.

-
Advising clients about TDS matters and advance tax issues.
In addition to the above, I have done accounting for few individuals and small companies.



COMPUTER KNOWLEDGE
· MS. Office, Tally ERP 9 and SAP End User.
ACHIEVEMENTS 

· Best paper in Mathematics in CA PE-1.
· Got Distinction in CA PE-1.
· Secured All India 82nd Rank in CWA Inter.
· Got Master Blaster (Quarterly Award) for the Best Employee of the Quarter in Capgemini.
TECHNICAL AND MANAGERIAL SKILLS 
· Possess strong analytical and problem solving skills and ability to work with detail. Ability to manage large assignments and can lead the team towards achievement of goals

· Possess pleasing personality, enthusiasm, drive to work under tight deadlines, consistent achiever and a quick learner

PERSONAL PROFILE

· Date of Birth 





: 
20th June, 1988
· Nationality





     :
Indian

· Sex








:
Male

· Marital Status




     :
Married
· Languages Known



:
English and Telugu

· Address







:    D.No 4-10,  Annamaraju Peta,

Jami Mandal,

Vizianagaram District,

Andhra Pradesh State,
Pin Code – 535250.
Place
: Bangalore
















Date
:



















  




(SANTOSH V)

Page 1 of 1
Page 3 of 3

