












































RESUME

RESUME

B.THILAKAN BABU


                        E-mail: bthilakan@gmail.com
#1/146, Bharathiar street, 3rd lane,


    Mobile no: +91-9841307779

Madhavaram,                                                                                   
Chennai-600 060.

Career  OBJECTIVE

·   “To put my professional and committed efforts in all the ventures that I undertake and contribute my best performance to the organization for its excellence in a competitive and challenging environment.”

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION

	Degree
	Institution
	Percentage
	Year of passing

	B.E.
	Anna University, Balaji Institute of Engineering and Technology, Thandalam, Chennai.
	6.7(CGPA)


	2012

	+ 2
	Bosco Academy Matriculation and Higher Secondary School, Madhavaram, Chennai.
	69.17%
	2008

	10th

(S.S.L.C.)
	Jai Gopal Garodia Government Higher secondary School, Madhavaram, Chennai.
	81.2%
	2006


TECHNICAL QUALIFICATION

· Completed Typing with First class in Junior and Second class in Senior.
· Completed DCA and DTP courses.

· Have a good Knowledge in Photoshop.
WORK EXPERIENCE

· ‘Bharti Airtel’

(Working Since 16th August 2016 to Present) 

  Designation: FTA Spoke Manager(Prepaid And Postpaid Activations)
Job Profile- Responsible for the spoc operations with maintaining a team of 6 to 8  team members. Spoc operations are collecting the forms which are submitted by distributors to the spoc locations. Auditing the documents and to activate it.

      Have to visit the distributor locations to guide the field executives and backend for collecting the correct documents from the customer. 
    Major Achievements
Maintaing the First place in overall activations of prepaid in KTN circle     for 6 months from November 2016 to April 2017 till the end of EKYC activation process get to automation.
· Cameo Corporate Services (Aug. 2012 - Aug. 2016)
Designation: Data Entry Operator & Junior Executive(Team Leader)
Job Profile(Data Entry Operator) – Responsible for the data entry of Airtel Customer Activation Forms of prepaid and postpaid.
Job Profile(Junior Executive (Team Leader)) – Responsible of 6 spoc locations with each spoc  has average of 6 to 8 team members. Have to maintain the collection of forms from distributors and  have maintain the forms till activation and dispatch to the warehouse.

STRENGTHS AND SKILLS

· Relationship Building;
· Ready To Relocate:
· Creative;
· Strategy Formulation;
· Target Oriented For both Organization and Individual;
· Data processing, analysis and Report writing, Technological Involvement.
LANGUAGES 

· Languages known for Read, Write and Speak- Tamil and English

· Languages known for Read and Write - Hindi 

PERSONAL DETAILS

	Name 
	Thilakan Babu

	Father’s  Name
	Balaji

	Date of Birth
	10-01-1991

	Sex 
	Male

	Marital Status
	Unmarried

	Nationality 
	Indian


    Declaration
I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars.

                                                        
Thanking You.

Date:  04th April 2018      
Place:  Chennai.




B. Thilakan Babu
