








































Prakshal Shah (C.A., B.Com)

Page 1

50/593 Ambika Apartments, B/h Naranpura Tel. Exchange, 132Ft Ring Road, Pallav Cross Road,
Naranpura, Ahmedabad 380063

Contact No.: 9904669882
E-mail ID     : prakshalshah23@gmail.com, prakshalshah23@yahoo.in

Career Objective

To pursue a career where my education and work experience have valuable application and
which gives me an opportunity for the value addition to the organization.

Personal Details

 Date of Birth – 23-09-1987
 Marital Status – Married

Academic Details

 Chartered Accountant. – Passed in May, 2011
 B.Com in April 2008 from H. L. College of Commerce - Gujarat University (Advanced

Accountancy & Auditing)

Professional Experience

۩ Present Employer: - RSPL Ltd (A GHARI Detergent Group), Prahalad Nagar, Ahmedabad.

Profile: Deputy Manager (Account/Finance)
Period: March 2015 – Present

Company Profile:

RSPL Limited (A GHARI Detergent Group) is a 5000 Crores diversified multi-product industrial
group engaged in a business of Detergent, Soaps (Venus Soap), Leather Products (Red Chief)
and Milk Products (Namaste India), Real Estate etc. GHARI Detergent is one of the fastest and
the largest growing company in the FMCG market. Soda Ash being a basic raw material,
Company took strategic decision of backward integration and decided to set up Green field Soda
Ash Plant along with allied facilities like coal/lignite Captive Power Plant, RO/DM. The
production capacity of Soda Ash unit will be 1500 TPD with the proposed investment of Rs. 3500
Crores.

The brief synopses of work exposures getting at present are as under:

 Initiated Accounting Function at Ahmedabad office for Soda Ash Project.
 Monitoring Account Department of RSPL Ltd – Ahmedabad Office with overseeing

matters pertaining to Accounts, Finance and Statutory Compliances.
 Capitalization of direct assets procured such as office equipments, IT assets, Admin

Assets etc and Monitoring of CWIP expenses on weekly basis.



Prakshal Shah (C.A., B.Com)

Page 2

 Timely Scrutiny and Reconciliation of Ledgers.
 Preparing the M.I.S. and Budget v/s Actual report on monthly basis..
 Analyzing, summarizing & preparing presentations of Administrative Expenses and

Project related Expenses on Monthly basis.
 Supervision of Direct and Indirect Taxes i.e. GST, TDS, Service Tax, VAT, WCT.
 Co-ordination with Statutory Auditors for statutory audit and with Internal Auditors

on Internal control and Reporting System.
 Involved in Finalization of Accounts in compliance with statutory norms.
 Verification of Project Invoices with respect to PO terms and tax structure.
 Over all supervision of Internal Controls in Accounts Department with necessary

actions.
 Preparing estimation of Project Payments to facilitate HO for Fund Management.
 Played a critical role in establishing various procedures, planning and implementation.
 Involved in preparing Commercial Comparisons and doing cost benefit analysis, issuing

LOI and Purchase Order.
 Mentoring team members in taking up their job assignments, Supervising and

supporting them in various day to day routine activities, helping team members in
building up their career.

۩ Previous Employer: - Shalby Limited (Shalby Hospitals) S.G. Road, Ahmedabad 380009.

Profile: Assistant Manager (Account/Finance)
Period: February 2014 – January 2015

Company Profile:

A well known Multi Specialty Hospital Group lead by Dr Vikram I Shah, a globally known Ortho
Surgeon, specializing in Knee, Hip and Joint Replacements having a turnover of more than Rs.
200 crores. The Group has national as well as international presence and expanding on a fast
track, pan India. Currently, it has its operations in 8 units with its subsidiary abroad.

The brief synopses of work exposures getting at present are as under:

 Monitoring Account Department of Kusha Healthcare Ltd and Vrundavan Shalby
Hospital Ltd with overseeing matters pertaining to Accounts, Finance and Statutory
Compliances.

 Timely Scrutiny and Reconciliation of Ledgers.
 Involved in Finalization of Trail Balance and Preparation of Financial Statement as per

revised schedule VI.
 Preparation and Synchronization of Financials in lieu of prevailing Accounting

Standards.
 Preparing Consolidated Financial Statements on Monthly basis for the purpose of

Audit and MIS.



Prakshal Shah (C.A., B.Com)

Page 3

 Analyzing, summarizing & preparing presentations of monthly position of the
Company.

 Co-ordination with Statutory Auditors for statutory audit and with Internal Auditors
on Internal control and Reporting System.

 Supervision of Direct and Indirect Taxes i.e. TDS, Service Tax, VAT, WCT.
 Preparing annual budget; scheduling expenditures; analyzing variances; &

consequently initiating corrective actions of Kusha Healthcare Ltd and Vrundavan
Shalby Hospital Ltd.

 Mentoring team members in taking up their job assignments, Supervising and
supporting them in various day to day routine activities, helping team members in
building up their career.

۩ Previous Employer:- M/s C. N. Shah & Co. (Chartered Accountant), Swastik Char Rasta,
Ahmedabad

Profile: Partner
Period: February 2012 - January 2014

The brief synopses of work exposures getting at present are as under:

 Audit of Accounts of Proprietary Concerns, Partnerships, Public Limited (Listed as well
as Non-listed Companies) and Private Limited Companies involved in manufacturing
and trading activities.

 Ensuring Statutory compliances with various existing laws (Companies Act, Service Tax
Act, and Income Tax Act etc.)

 Cash flow review and analysis
 Ensure compliance with Accounting standards issued from time to time
 Independent Finalization of Accounts of individuals, Proprietary Concerns,

Partnerships concerns
 Providing guidance to clients regarding Accounting Procedures and Tax Planning to

fulfill their obligations.
 Tax Audits U/S. 44AB Of Income Tax Act Of Various Proprietary Concerns,

Partnerships, Private Limited Companies And Public Limited Companies.
 Filling Income Tax returns of   Proprietary Concerns, Partnerships, Public Limited

(Listed as well as Non-listed Companies) and Private Limited Companies involved in
manufacturing and trading activities.

 Filling T.D.S. returns of   Proprietary Concerns, Partnerships, Public Limited (Listed as
well as Non-listed Companies) and Private Limited Companies involved in
manufacturing and trading activities.

 Service Tax Calculation
 Filling service tax returns of Proprietary Concerns, Partnerships, Companies



Prakshal Shah (C.A., B.Com)

Page 4

Practical Training

۩ M/s Mahendra M. Patel & Co. (Chartered Accountants), Mithakhali, Ahmedabad.

February 2008 – February 2011

 Accounting entries up to finalization of all types of clients.
 Various types of audit e.g. Tax Audit, Company Audit, Trust Audit, etc. up to

preparation of final reports.
 Preparation and filling of Income tax returns of all types of assesses manually as well

as electronically.
 Filling of all types of E-TDS Returns on quarterly basis of all types of clients.
 Preparation and submission of documents required for Income tax scrutiny purpose.
 Preparation of data for VAT Return filling and carried out basic vat audit.
 Preparation and submission of service tax returns manually as well as electronically.
 Working knowledge of Computerized Accounting in (Tally- 7.2, 6.3, 5.2)
 Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Power Point).

Skill Set

 Learned how to work in Team and meet the Deadlines.
 Honed myself to be a Good Coordinator and Team Leader.
 Ability to work in challenging environment.
 Ability to accept challenges
 Knowledge of Tally, AXAPTA ERP, Windows & MS-Office XP


