












































CURRICULUM VITAE

RAJENDRA SHARMA                                   Email: rajendra.sharma86@gmail.com
C/o Satya Narayan Sharma                                 Mobile No: +91 9460889208

 F-14(A), Phase-II, Ind. Area, Bichhwal,                                                                          
Bikaner, Rajasthan, India.
Objectives
Seeking a position to work in a growth oriented organization to employ the knowledge and skills acquired in my education & experience. So as to contribute to the team effort to achieve group goals and at the same time endeavor to acquire and sophisticated skills as they come. 
Education Qualification
MBA (Marketing & Finance) from Bangalore University, India in 2010 with 64%.
BSc. (Biotechnology) from Bikaner University, India in 2008 with 70%.
Work Experience


Position:
Financial Controller 
Company:
CROSSWINGS TRADING CO. LLC. Dubai (U.A.E.)
Period:
October 2010 to till date.
Responsibility Shouldered 

· Controlling & maintaining all the financial activities of company.
· Prepared monthly financial report for the company.
· Prepared periodical profit and loss accounts and final accounts.

· Prepare financial statements, present the same to Management / Directors.

· Ensure accuracy of information contained in financial reports & their compliance with statutory requirements.

· Manage the day to day financial transactions of the company.

· Maintain book of accounts in a computerized environment
· Supervise the whole range of Accounts Payable, Receivable & Budget Preparation
· Check Monthly Bank Reconciliation Statements of all bank accounts maintained, resolve any differences in a timely manner.

· Ensure continuous development & improvement of the procedures within the finance department.

· Maintain stock statement.

· Ensured that there are effective internal controls.                 
Software Exposure   
· MS-Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook)
· Tally 9 (Accounting Software)
· Internet operations
Achievements & Extra Curricular  
· Participant of college cricket team at  UG level
· Participant in Quiz Competition, Goal setting & other cultural activities in PG level.

Personal Information
Father's Name


:
Satya Narayan Sharma

Mother's Name


:
Dhapi Devi Sharma

Date of birth


:
30-August 1986.

Nationality


:
Indian.

Marital Status


:
Single

Languages Known

:
English, Hindi and Regional.
Passport Number

:
J0981617




Page 1 of 1
Page 2 of 2

