










































 

 

 

Kavitha M                                                      Email      : m.kavitha0323@gmail.com   
                                                                  Cell         : +91-9844964321  

                                                                                     Location:  Bangalore  

  
  

  

   
Objective:  

To succeed in an environment of growth and excellence and earn a job which provides me job 

Satisfaction and self-development and help me achieve personal as well as organization goals.  

  

Professional Summary:  

  

• A dedicated professional with 5 years of IT industry experience encompassing a wide range 

of skill set, roles and industry verticals.   

• Good experience in Microsoft SQL Server 2005/2008/2012 database skills, .Net and 

development knowledge. Good debugging knowledge on Microsoft SQL Server 

Integration Services and Reporting Services technologies using MSBI 2005/2008 

R2/2012.  

• Extensive experience with development, analysis, debugging, development, 

customizations and also carrying out the application support by identifying the root causes 

and providing the fixes to the issues raised.  

• Excellent written and oral communication skill communication skills, interpersonal skills, 

self-motivated, Enthusiastic, Detail-Oriented, quick learner, team player.  

  

Experience Summary:  

  
Currently working as Associate System Engineer with IBM India Private Ltd from Sept 2012 to 

till date.   

Technical Skills:  

  

Operating Systems     :    Windows 7 and Windows XP  

Languages                   :    Basic Understanding of C#.Net, C, C++, PL/SQL, UNIX. 

RDBMS                       :    MS SQL Server 2005/2008 R2/2012 

MSBI (ETL)               :     SSIS, SSRS  

  

  

  



 

 

 

Education:   

  

COURSE  INSTITUTION  UNIVERSITY/BOARD  YEAR  

OF  
PASSIN G  

PERCENTA

GE  

Bachelor of  

Engineering  

(B.E.)  

Dr.Ambedkar  

Institute Of  

Technology  

V.T.U    July 2012  82.56%  

P.U.C  P.E.S PU College  Secondary Education 
Board  

May 2008  83.83%  

S.S.L.C  Vasavi Vidyanikethan 
High school  

State board  March 2006  91.52%  

  

Project Experience  

  

• Current Project Name: GFTS (Global Functions Technology Services) Project  

• Client: Citigroup Inc.  

• Period: Dec 2012 to Till date  

• Technologies: MS SQL 2008 R2/2012, SSIS, SSRS, SQL Profiler, Basic concepts of 

C#.Net.  

• Project Description:  

  

Project Overview  

GFTS (Global Functions Technology Services) Production Support contains different portfolios. 

HR Portfolio is one of them, which handles all Human resources applications mainly contains 

C#.Net/MSSQL applications, development, supporting, maintaining the UAT/PROD environment 

and also the Enhancements. I have been assigned as Team lead to critical applications which would 

need immediate assistance in case of any issues.  

  

  

Functional Flow  

Business Analyst will create TFS task and assign to SME/Application Manager, who creates the 

Business requirement for the application module, Incident Ticket/Service Request .This will be 

reviewed and assigned to respective Development/L2/L3 resolver group based on the application 

module that is handled by the resources. Later we work on those requirements/issues. The 

PBI/ticket may be for a New Requirement, Enhancement, AdHoc Request, Performance tuning, 

SQL query enhancements, Root Cause request etc.  

  

  

  



 

 

 

  

  

Roles/Responsibilities:  

  

 As Application Developer– Project Specific Role, I was responsible for verifying and 

analyzing the Business requirements/Production issues raised by Business Analyst/Users, 

identifying the root cause, fixing the issues by providing the data changes and 

recommending the code fixes for permanent fix. Being proactive in foreseeing the issues 

and fixing them before it is increasing the number of affecting the users. Taking up 

necessary controllable measures in all aspects and maintaining the applications.  

  

  Being one of the top contributor in the project, I have been Team leader for the 6 members 

for critical applications where I am responsible for assigning the PBI/Bugs to them and 

gathering the update and providing to Application Manager. Have received appreciation 

from Application manager for consolidating the Daily Update of our applications with 

details and report as required.  

  

  I was into many account level activities such as consolidating and preparing the 

management report related to Capacity file of team, Hosting the Team meeting and 

gathering the updates from Gurgaon and Bangalore team members, coordinating with 

whole team to get the extract information that is requested from higher management to 

come up with decision. Actively participating with management discussions.   

  

  Have been proactive and have provided knowledge transition to the new team members and 

making them aware of the project flow, how the team works, what are the procedures to be 

followed.   

  

  
  

Achievements:   

  

  Received ‘Employee of the Quarter’ award in Dec 2014 as the recognition of dedication 

towards work and solving major number of issues single handedly in the applications.   

  

  Also received appreciation mails from the Project Manager for handling the application 

without any escalation till date, from other portfolio Manager for being a part of 

Onboarding process where I helped in raising all necessary requests to the new hires which 

helped them to groom the new joiners at the earliest.   

  



 

 

 

  Clients (Application manager and Business Analyst) have appreciated for the quick turn 

around on the issues and for providing detailed analysis/explanation on the 

scenarios/issues/queries addressed.   

  

  Application Manager has appreciated for providing the daily update for each PBI/Bugs 

provided along with details supporting the explanation with follow-up emails, reports as 

needed.  

  

  Received Service Excellence Award in Feb 2016/Aug 2016 for coordinating with team as 

a lead providing the updates in regular intervals to Application Manager and successfully 

coordinated the EOVS project which is critical project. Have also carried out account level 

activities being the SPOC for main tasks such as OnBoarding activities, Taxonomy 

discussion with Clients, Managing the software and access requests raised from IBM side 

and Client side.  

  

  Received ‘Employee of the Month’ in Dec 2016 by the Chairman of the Client and IBM 

Project Executive for handling the clients without a single escalation and performing with 

excellence.   

  

  

Personal Information:  

  

FATHER’S NAME    : MALLAIAH.R  

MOTHER’S NAME    : SUNANDA  

DATE OF BIRTH    : 23rd MARCH 1991  

GENDER      : FEMALE  

MARITAL STATUS    : SINGLE  

NATIONALITY    : INDIAN  

LANGUAGES KNOWN  : ENGLISH, KANNADA AND HINDI  

 

 

 

Date:                                                                                                                  Kavitha M  


