

















































Abhishek Mukherjee
36, Nawab Abdul Latif Street, 
Swapnalaya Apartment,
Dewan Para, Belgharia,
Kolkata 700056


                                                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                          Email:  avi.mk001@gmail.com
                                                                                                                                          Mob:   8013510209   

Objective 
To work in challenging and resourceful environment using my capabilities for the development of the institution to the best of my level and there is a possibility of self-development too.
Educational Qualification
1. M.sc from V.B.U, Hazaribag, 1st div.
2. B.sc from St. Columbas’s College, Hazaribag, 1st div.
3. I.sc from Annada College,Hazaribag(J.I.E.C, Ranchi), 2nd div.
4. Class 10th from Indian School of Learning, Dhanbad, C.B.S.E, 2nd div. 
Work Experience
Worked in Aritra Enterprise as a Junior Coordinator for 2g and 3g survey. 

Working as Senior Customer Care Executive in Concentrix Daksh Pvt. Ltd. From 25th May 2017 in Jio chat process.

ROLE: Taking inbound chats from customers using Jio services. (both Prepaid and Postpaid) Have to take maximum of 3 chats at a time. Identifying customer’s query or issue and providing accurate information or troubleshooting issue as per call flow adherence and if the issue is not resolved on chat then taking service request with all the relevant details and forwarding that to concerned team for further action. 

Personal Details
Father’s Name:                  Mr. Pradip Mukherjee
Date of Birth:                     18.10.1985
Language Known:             Hindi, Bangla & English
Computer Knowledge:     Diploma in Financial Accounting System from Youth  
                                              Computer Center, West Bengal.
Hobbies:                              Listening Music
		












