

























 

+91-9561583538 
sdeokashid@gmail.com  

Sukhadeo Kashid 
 
Senior Associate with 2 years and 3 Months of accounting, reconciliation and audit experience. (Fund Accounting) 
and 2 years and 6 months of core Cash and Manual cash reconciliation experience. (External reconciliation) and 2 
years as transaction processing officer. 
 
Work experience  
 
Senior Associate (Fund accounting) Nov 2015 – March 2018 
State Street Syntel Services 
Talawade, Software Technology Park, Pune 
 

● Managing and reconciliation of accountancy books & records. 
● Verifies report schedules, ensuring that reports are accurate and saved within scheduled time frames. 
● Identification & research of discrepancies in reconciliation and resolve them. 
● Provides fund data to client through the processing & reconciliation of accounting on the appropriate 

system. (LSL). 
● Reviews exceptional errors resolving issue by applying knowledge of accounting & set procedures. 
● Audits investment reports, cash statements & supplemental reporting to verify that data is correctly 

posted and transactions properly classified using tool i.e.MCH and LSL. 
● Supported management through risk identification, control testing and process improvement 

procedures. 
● Articulated Root cause analysis findings, risks and detailed recommendations to upper management. 
● Proof preparation and financial reporting. (Annual / Semi / Quarterly / Monthly). 
● Reconcile various trades, cash and activity posted 
● Reconciliation to ensure all the activities processed are correct and break resolution as necessary. 
● Identifies discrepancies affecting accounts, makes necessary corrections if required, or routes 

Information to the originating area and follows through until corrections are made. 
 

 
Associate (External Reconciliation) May 2013 – Nov 2015 
State Street Syntel Services 
 

● Managing and reconciliation of accountancy reports & records which is provided by the Data Acquisition  
Group. 

● After confirmation of feeds (financial transactions) loaded to TLM (reconciliation tool) starts with 
reconciliation activities i.e . to match investment manager data with custodian data. 

● After completion of TLM activities move to PLM activities (Post reconciliation tool) which involves descriptive 
comments for outstanding transactions from TLM. 

● Worked upon daily cash reconciliation, weekly Hedge accounts reconciliation and monthly position 
accounts reconciliation.   

 
 
Transaction processing officer    May 2011 – May 2013 
Mphasis is an Hp Company 
EON IT Park,Kharadi. 
 

● Open the bank/trade accounts as per the customer requirement. (This is for US customers) 
 
 
 
 
 
Accomplishments  

 



 

 
● Received a professional excellence award (7 SPOT Recognition) from the team leader, deputy manager and 

manager. (YTD-2017 - 2018) 
● Received Performer’s Converge award for outstanding performance in Quarter-2, 2017. 

 
 
 

Skills  
 

Cost reduction & compliance - 
Helped to improve turnaround time for processing funds which led to reduce working hours. Reported and 
updated non compliant macros. 

 
 
 
Education  
 
Bachelor of Computer Administration (Computer with Finance) ​2008 - 2010 
From Sangola College, Sangola  
 

Languages  
 

● Hindi 
● English 
● Marathi 

 
Personal ​ Information  
 

Permanent address : 
 
At Post   - Nigadi Khurd  
Tal  - Jath 
Dist  - Sangli  
Pin  - 416404 

 

 


