














































                                  
       

Surat Prakash Dungdung 

M O B I L E :  8 8 2 6 1 8 7 4 2 7         E M A I L :  p r a k a s h . s u r a t 9 6 @ g m a i l . c o m  B A N G A L O R E , I N D I A  
 

PROFILE SUMMARY  
 MBA from IIM Raipur, B.Tech from NIT Rourkela with 3+ years of professional experience  

 Experience covers Financial Modelling and Analytics in banking industry in Credit Risk Department, Data 
Analytics and Strategy in eCommerce in Food and Travel industry , Operation & Marketing Analytics.  

 Worked 7 months with Travelkana.com and 12 months with White Capers  –  Experience in working with start -
ups, customer acquisition strategy, customer and marketing analytics , building KPIs and dashboards.  

 Strong understanding of credit risk in Banking industry,  eCommerce food and travel industry with rich 
experience of working in start -up environment.  

 Supreme analytical ability, strong business acumen, data driven, strong interpersonal and communication skill   

EDUCATIONAL QULAIFICATIONS  
DEGREE INSTITUTION CGPA/PERCENT PASSING YEAR 

PGDM  I.I.M. Raipur  67.56% 2012 

B. Tech Mechanical Engineering NIT Rourkela 7.55/10 2010 

Class XII (ISC) St. Paul's School, Rourkela  82% 2005 

Class X (ICSE) St. Paul's School, Rourkela  83% 2003 

PROFESSIONAL WORK EXPERIENCE – 38 MONTHS  

Assistant Manager, Credit Risk, HSBC, Bangalore                                                                                                     Feb’17 – Present 

Responsibilities 

Assistant Manager (Sep’18 – Present) 

 Build IFRS9 Model and calculate ECL using PD, Loss Rate and LGD, document and share with the regional 
stakeholders and country. Monitor the results after implementation. 

 Point of Contact for the data related queries and socialize with regional data team for the data required to build 
the model. 

 Assist the analysts in the team in building IFRS9 models. 
 

Analyst (Feb’17 – Aug’18) 

 Understanding the IFRS9 modelling framework, methodology and underlying business forecasting. 

 Developing IFRS9 Financial Models for Asia Pacific Region for Credit Cards and Restructure portfolios  

 Acquiring knowledge of Credit Cards, Mortgage, and Personal Loans and Restructure portfolio. 

 Using PD, EAD and LGD calculated expected credit loss for different portfolios which provisioned capital for 
economic downturn using SAS. 

 Monitoring, Reporting, documenting the result for regional team and developed models as per suggestions.  

Achievements  Promoted to Assistant Manager from Analyst 

Data Specialist, Duronto Technologies Pvt. Ltd (Travelkhana.com), Noida                                                  Feb’16 – Aug’16 

Role 

 

 Reporting to CEO, supported Marketing through deriving and packaging insights from customer behaviour. 

 Reducing reporting time, documenting and improving current business metrics reporting systems. 

 Creating marketing collateral and data visualization projects, KPIs and dashboard using Excel and SAS 

 Building deep behavioural profile of active customers which increased customer repeat purchase. 

 Presenting insights, advocating changes with business owners to optimize sales & marketing effectiveness. 

 Acquiring knowledge of Business, its performance working with CEO, Marketing Head and Product Manager. 

Key Results 

Area 

 Automated the daily, weekly and monthly reports which reduced 75% time 

 Developed customer acquisition  strategy and retention strategy which increased repeat purchase by 20% and 
new customers by 40% 

Business Analyst, White Capers Services Pvt. Ltd. New Delhi                                                                     Feb’15 –Jan’16 

Role 

 

 Managed end to end marketing analytics deliverables for e-commerce and retail companies. 

 Designed and executed supply chain and marketing analysis which includes Freight Analysis, Unit Contribution 
Margin, Cohort Analysis, Market Basket Analysis, segmentation and clustering for ecommerce client BTR 

 Worked on actionable business insights and prepared executive presentations for strategic decision making for 
one of the largest market research companies Loudhouse and Edelman. 

 Performed Sales Lead Analysis and statistical test using SPSS for Statistics Solution 

ACHIEVEMENT & CERTICATIONS  

 SAS Certified Base Programmer and Statistical Business Analyst using SAS 9.2 

 Member of Marketing Club Mantra at IIM Raipur 

 Member of Institute football team from 2008-2010, participated in Inter NIT football Tournament (NIT Rourkela) 

 Member of Institute Hockey team 2008-2009 participated in IIT Kharagpur Sports Meet (NIT Rourkela) 

ACTIVITIES AND INTEREST  

  Travelling to non-commercialized hill stations and tourist places, cooking and playing football  

OTHER INFORMATION  
  Worked with a vegetable eCommerce steal th start -up on marketing and operations from Oct’15 –  Jan;16  

 

mailto:prakash.surat96@gmail.com

