












































Ramesh S

Mahendra A B

#34, NGO's Colony,

Rajendra Nagar, Mysore – 570 007

Mobile – 9844221406

Email -  mahis_2006@rediffmail.com
Career Objective:

To work in your progressive organization and to contribute knowledge, value, and creative insight leadership to the organization.

 Professional Synopsis

Dynamic & result oriented professional with over 9 years of successful experience in Pharmaceutical field. Hand on experience in supervising a multi environment organization imparting good communication and leadership skills to the team for effective & efficient working environment.
Job Profile : 
Working as “SUPERVISOR” at MEDPLUS, Mysore (a unit of optival health   Solutions pvt.ltd) from December 2006 – still present
    Roles and Responsibilities:

· Supervision of 8 outlets located at multi locations and managing a total of 25 executes on daily basis. 

· Instrumental in sales growth by minimum 10% year on year.
· Addressing and monitoring Shop related problems and resolving customer queries.

· Customer suggestions & feedback are taken as valuable points in improving organizational sales by increasing customer satisfaction.
· Taking up the initiatives and organizing various health camps to educate            and improve the sales.

· Conduct daily and weekly stock audit randomly to ensure no misappropriation of Inventory.
· Consolidating the sales & stock statements of all business units and reporting to the Head office  on weekly and monthly basis.

· Motivating the team members to discharge their duties more efficient & effectively.

Work Experience Related to other Pharmacy :

·  Worked as a TRAINEE PHARMACIST during July 2005 to Nov.-05 at 

      J.S.S.  Hospital, Mysore.

· Worked as a PHARMACIST  at Bangalore hospital (south end circle) during

     Feb 2006 – may 2006.

· Worked as a SENIOR PHARMACIST at “life ken health care pvt.ltd “

     from June 2006 –Nov- 2006

Work Experience related to Finance:  

Worked as Audit assistant in Hariharan & Co, Chartered Accountants, Mysore from

January 2002 to October 2002.

     Roles and responsibilities:

· Auditing of cash book and general ledger on day to day transactions with supporting documents and vouchers.

· Auditing the P&L account and Balance sheet.

· Reconciling Bank statements and books of accounts.

· Assisted in various bank audits, financial and charitable institutions audits.

· Assisted in various physical verification of stock and cash audits.

Educational Qualification:

	Sl

No.


	Course
	Year of Passing
	Institution/University/ Place

	1
	Diploma in Pharmacy
	2005
	J.S.S. College of Pharmacy, Mysore



	2
	Bachelor of commerce
	2001
	Vidyavardhaka first Grade College, Mysore



	3
	Pre University (XII Std.)
	1998
	Vidyavardhaka first Grade College, Mysore



	3
	SSLC (10th Standard)
	1996
	St. Philomena’s high school, Mysore


Personal Data

Date of Birth

: 
07.01.1980

E-Mail Address

:
mahis_2006@rediffmail.com

Contact No


: 
9844221406

Martial Status

: 
Married

Languages Known

:
English-Hindi-Kannada-tamil
Certificate


: 
Basics in computer

Tally 9

Personal skills

: 
Good verbal & written communication skills 

                                        Willingness to learn.

Interest & activities
: 
Sports & listening to music & interacting with people

Personal


: 
To work in a professional environment like yours 

                                                  Where my knowledge will be utilized to the maximum 

              I Hereby Declare that the information provided above are true to the best of my knowledge

(MAHENDRA. A.B)

2 | Page

