















































 

CURRICULUM VITAE
K. MOORTHI, B. Pharm.
No: 6-B Baskar Avenue

Kattupakkam, Chennai, TN

PIN 600056
Mobile:  00-91-9444005073

E.mail:
moorthi_pharma@yahoo.com 

moorthi_2007@hotmail.com
OBJECTIVE:

To be associated with a growing organization that would provide opportunities to learn, grow and develop.

ACADEMIC CHRONICLE:
GRADUATION


 :  B. Pharmacy.

DURING THE ACADEMIC YEAR:  1998 to 2002.

INSTITUTION


 :  Pallavan Pharmacy College, Kancheepuram.

UNIVERSITY


 :  Dr. M.G.R. Medical University, Chennai.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

· From July 2003-September 2010, worked as a Medical Transcriptionist - Direct Upload in Vox And Waves Solution Pvt. Ltd., Chennai.

· From October 2010 till date working as a Senior Process Associate in Williams Lea India Pvt. Ltd., Chennai.
ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES:

Identifying the form types and assuring that the right template is auto populated, failing which the right template is manually assigned.
Recognizing the handwritten prescription information and converting them to electronic format in the appropriate manner.

Realizing the client's needs on a day-to-day basis and work towards it, self-evaluation through the quality scores and feedback, productivity metrics, etc., to focus and achieve the required quality and productivity standards.

Updating the database with any new information (for eg., drug name, name of place etc) that is availed from the forms that are processed for future reference to the team.

Rendering quality checks on documents that reaches post character recognition.
Updating the production sheet and time sheet on a hourly basis for self evaluation.
CONTRIBUTION:
Delivered accurate and timely documentation of prescription data.
Load balancing to ensure that performance metrics are achieved.
ACHIEVEMENTS:
Rewarded incentives multiple times for achieving performance standards (quality, production and productivity). Built and maintained effective relationships with the team, QAs and Managers.

STRENGTHS:
· Good analytical skills.

· Good knowledge in MS Office suite.
· Willingness to learn any new concepts and get accustomed with that.
· Ability to complete tasks within limited time period.
· Proficiency in computers and zeal to learn new applications.

PERSONAL PROFILE

Father's name:


C. Kannappan.

Gender:



Male.

Date of Birth:



15-05-1981

Marital Status:


Married.

Nationality:



Indian.

Languages Known:


English, Tamil.

Permanent Address:

No: 80, Main Road,

Vadamanappakkam,

Cheyyar Taluk,

Thiruvannamalai District,

604402

DECLARATION

I here by confirm that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge and I hope you will find my resume in-line with your requirement and eagerly waiting for a positive reply from you.







Yours Sincerely,

Station:  Chennai

Date:  









  K. MOORTHI

