


















































CURRICULUM VITAE
HEMANTH D                                                                           #32/21 Jaganathapuram,  hemanthdurai@gmail.com	                                             II street, Chetpet,                                                                   +919789910874	                                                          Chennai-600031                                                                                            
Career Objective
Seeking a position to utilize my skills and ability in a good industry that offers professional growth and contribute towards welfare of the organization.
Academic Qualification

	Course
	Institution
	Board  /
University
	Year of
Completion
	Marks %


	
MBA


B.Com


XII

      X

	
Rajalakshmi Engineering College, Chennai

D.G. Vaishnav College , Chennai

Maharishi Vidya Mandir Hss

Maharishi Vidya Mandir Sss

	
Anna University

Madras University

State Board

CBSE

	
2012


2010


2007

2005

	
61


62


77

59



Technical Skills
· Microsoft Office.
· Operating system: WINDOWS 98, XP, Vista, WINDOWS 7.

Specialization areas
Finance
· Security Analysis and Portfolio Management
· Derivatives Management
· International Trade Finance

Achievements 
· Won Zonal level Kho-Kho and Volleyball tournaments.
· Organized various events in our college symposium.
· Participation in classroom exercises which consists of seminars , role plays , group discussions.
· Won first prize in ADZAP in the Intra-college competition.
· Completed BUSINESS ENGLISH COURSE in BRITISH ACADEMY.

Professional Traits 
· Willingness to work in team and hard worker.
· Ability to deal with people dramatically.
· Disciplined & good etiquette.

Academic Project
Project 1:
Title: Job satisfaction 
Company: RABIA LEATHERS.
Description: 
The objective of the project was to analyze the Job satisfaction among employees with the provisions, allowances provided and working atmosphere in the organization
Role and Achievements:
· Prepare questioners and ask the employees to answer it and evaluate their job            satisfaction level.
·  Analyze the organization personally by seeing the environment of organization.
·  Check the provisions and allowances provided by the organization to their employees.
· Interact with the employees about their nature of work and their experiences.
· Prepare questioners in such a way that it contains all questions regarding the organizations provisions and allowances.
· Successfully completed 50 samples.
· Evaluated the satisfaction level with the answers given by the employees for the questioners.
· Reported the job satisfaction project to the company and to the institution.

Project 2: 
Title: Financial performance analysis
Company: ASHOK LEYLAND.
Description:
	The objective of the project was to analyze the financial performance of Ashok Leyland using various financial tools and predict the future sales method for a period of five years.
Tools used:
· Ratios
· Comparative balance sheet
· Trend analysis
· Least square method
Role and Achievements:
· Analyzed the five year balance sheets acquired from the company and evaluated it with the ratios
· Compared the five years balance sheet and showed the increase and decrease in the values which will be very helpful for the organization for further improvements needed.
· Evaluated the trend percentage with the five years balance sheet by keeping base year and showed the changes in trend year by year.
· Predicted the future sales by least square method.
· Interacted with the employees in the finance department during my project and learnt many things about how they handled the accounts and their nature of work.
· I also learnt how they maintain past records and the tools they use to work in. 



Personal Profile
	Name
	:  Hemanth D

	Father's Name
	:  Duraikkannu D

	Date of Birth
	:  04-06-1990

	Gender
	:  Male

	Marital Status
	:  Single

	Nationality
	:  Indian

	 
	

	
	


Declaration 
I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars. 
Date  :                                                                               		 
Place : Chennai							Hemanth D      			



