


















































MEENAL MEHRA
1345, Sector XII, R.K.Puram,
New Delhi 110022.
Phone: +91-9811501843
E-mail: meenal.mehra27@gmail.com


Objective

To be employed in a position befitting my qualifications that offers maximum scope for optimal application of my acquired skill-set for the achievement of assigned objectives, and continuing enhancement of such skill-set towards overall development as a professional.

Education

Certificate in Trade Finance from Indian Institute of Banking & Finance, 73% (2010)

Bachelor of Commerce from University of Delhi , 59% (2007)

C.B.S.E. Senior Secondary Examination from Apeejay School, New Delhi, 73.40% (2003)

C.B.S.E. Secondary Examination from Apeejay School, New Delhi, 63.40% (2001)

Work Experience

indusind bank limited, New Delhi					Jan 2017- May 2018 
Manager – Trade Finance ( Corporate Client Servicing)                    Sept 2015– Dec 2015		
Primarily engaged in ensuring smooth functioning of day-to-day operations and service of the Trade and Forex of all corporate customers of Delhi/NCR..Customer relationship management and service delivery being other focus areas with a view to maximise customer delight, along with Audit and Compliance.


Axis bank limited, New Delhi					Dec 2013 – Aug 2015
Deputy Manager – Trade and Forex Operations: Operations Manager of Trade and Forex for a branch. 
Handling a team size of 3 people.
Primarily engaged in ensuring smooth functioning of day-to-day operations and service of the Trade and Forex desk of the branch. Provide Treasury Advisory services to the customer base of the branch. Customer relationship management and service delivery being other focus areas with a view to maximise customer delight, along with Audit and Compliance.

Hdfc bank limited, NewDelhi, 					Jan 2010-Nov 2013
Deputy Manager – Trade Operations: Based out of the regional back office, handling complete Import Operations for the Bank for the entire Northern region of India; role of backup Unit Head.
Primarily engaged in Inward Collections at the back office including handling of all types of import bills ranging from documentary collections to outright payments, in charge of Trade Credits as well as related regulatory reporting pertaining to the same.
Monitor team performance in terms of service delivery standards as well as ensuring compliance to SLA/TAT and timely completion of day-to-day activities.
Periodic training and re-training of team members with a view to augment their operational skills as well as knowledge levels.
Work in close co-ordination with other departments viz. Treasury Back office and Business to ensure the sanctity of the vertical is maintained throughout ranging from operational efficiency to customer delight.
Handle Nostro reconciliations to regularise any exceptions that may arise out of position differences on the part of Treasury on account of unforeseen contingencies leading to non-completion of any transactions.
Provide support and assistance to other functions viz. Exports, Guarantees, Documentary Credits as and when required.


HDFC bank limited,New Delhi					Aug 2007-Dec 2009
Assistant Manager – Forex Operations: Handled settlements reconciliations and MIS for Travellers Cheques. Custodian of inventory of Travellers Cheques. 
Independently handled complete end-to-end operations of prepaid cards and FDDs. Custodial operations for all inventory.
Compliance officer for retail remittances - responsible for SLA and TAT adherence apart from Compliance functions.
Reconciliation of all Nostro accounts, General Ledgers.
In charge of SWIFT operations for retail remittances team.

technical proficency

Operating Systems: MS Windows, MS-DOS

Professional Package: MSOffice (particularly proficient in MSExcel and MSWord)

Core Banking Solutions: Finacle Core Version 7.0.11, Finacle Core Version 10,  Intellect Suite, Flexcube Retail, Flexcube Corporate, Trade Stream, Finware.

professional achievements

Role elevation to Supervisor of Retail Remittances Team within six months of joining HDFC Bank Ltd. Retail remittances team.

Highest employee productivity in an individual contributor role in Trade Finance Operations in HDFC Bank Ltd.

Role elevation to Compliance Officer – Trade Finance within six months of joining Trade Finance Operations in HDFC Bank Ltd.

