











































Microsoft Word - RESUME HIMANSHU KAINTURA.doc


  Page 1 of 2 

 

 

 

 

HIMANSHU KAINTURA  
Email: kainturahimanshu@gmail.com 

Mobile: + 919540061541  
 
 

 
Career Objective: 
 
Seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities in Networking Domain that offers professional growth 

while being resourceful, innovative and flexible. 

 
Educational Qualification: 
 ➢ B.Tech in Electronics and Communication Engineering from Dronacharya College of Engineering, 

Gurgaon in 2015  ➢ Senior secondary examination from Chiranjiv Bharti School, Palam Vihar,Gurgaon in 2011.  ➢ Secondary examination from Chiranjiv Bharti School, Palam Vihar,Gurgaon in 2009. 
 

 

Certification: 
 

CCNA (Cisco Certified Network Associate): Certified. 
 
Experience: 
 
Network L1 
 
FUTURE FOCUS INFOTECH PVT LTD, Gurgaon, India–https://focusinfotech.com 
 
1.3 Years Experience (6th April 2016 to 10th July 2017) 

 

● Providing Network support for Maruti's Network. 
 

● Configuring and adding and maintaining LAN and WAN links on Solarwind. 
 

● Creating User Account Profiles on putty for Application Purposes. 
 

● Provide Network monitoring and maintenance of proactive and critical links through tools like 

Solarwind and Hp imc. 
 

● Adding and configuring Servers on Snappimon tool. 
 

● Perform IT Network infrastructure architecture design, evaluate project requirements and 

develop architecture solution. 

● Troubleshooting/Configuration of OSPF, EIGRP, BGP & static and default routing. 
 

● Network monitoring and coordinating with L2/L3 Network Engineer for link and network device 

related issues 
 

● Testing of connectivity, applications, troubleshooting of internet and web applications 
 

● Read the logs of the ticket open by Service desk Team and troubleshoot accordingly. 
 

● Checking critical loads on Application Servers and doing a backup on daily basis. 
 

● Doing basic Troubleshooting on Windows Server. 
 

● To update the database in a timely manner and ensure that SLA is maintained. 
 
 

 

 



  Page 2 of 2 

 

 

Training: 
 ➢ Completed Cisco CCNA (Routers and Switches) course  from Network Bulls , Gurgaon (from 

12th July 2017 to 15th September 2017).    ➢ 6 weekstraining on Networkingfrom Huawei Technologies, Gurgaon.    ➢ 6 weekstraining on Embedded Systemfrom CMC, New Delhi.        ➢ 6 months industrial training from Smart Automation Private Ltd on home automation. 
 

 

Project Experience: 
 ➢ Project : RFID based Home Smoke Alarm System  

Duration : 6 week  
Front end : RFID  
Description : Detecting Smoke and producing Alarm to alert 

 

Co – curricular activities: 
 ➢ Successfully Completed Microsoft Technology Associate (MTA) Exam Software Testing 

Fundamentals. ➢ Successfully Completed Microsoft Office Specialist (MOS) Exam on Microsoft Word 2010, 
Microsoft Power point 2010 &.Microsoft Excel 2010. 

 

Extra-curricular Achievements: 
 ➢ Participated in “Marathon-2013 on Women Security” organized by DCE, Gurgaon on 27 November, 

2013. ➢ Participated in Blood Donation Camp held at DCE on 25 February ,2013. 
 

Interests: 
 ➢ Playing Chess,Music and Communicating with People . 
 
Personal Details: 

 ➢ Date of birth  ➢ Father’s name  ➢ Mother’s name  ➢ Address  ➢ Nationality  ➢ Languages known 
 
:  15th November 1992  
:  Shri Vikram Singh Kaintura  
:  Smt. Hansi Kaintura  
:  P-142, Phase 1, New Palam Vihar,Gurgaon, Haryana 122017  
:  Indian  
:  English and Hindi 

 
Declaration: 

 

I hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge. 

 

 

Place: Gurgaon  
Date: 3rd January 2018 

 

 

(Himanshu Kaintura) 


