













































CURRICULUM VITAE


                                              Curriculum vitae 

 

                                                                                              Nataraj G R 
 

          #145, 1
st
 main, 3rd Cross 

Mathrulayout, G.K.V.K (P) 

Yelahanka New Town. 

Banglore-560065 

Mobile: 9845956015 

E-mail: nataraj.gr15@gmail.com 
  

               
     

Objective:  

 

To take up Senior-Level assignments in the area of Financial Accounting and Administration 

Process. I would like to bring in quicker TAT, increased efficiency, enhanced productivity, high 

quality with customer centric focused activities. Aim towards developing excellent customer 

sponsor relationship & strive to generate repeat business. 
 

 

Professional Experience: 
 

 

 

Currently working as a Accounts Executive-Finance and accounts in IBM Business 

Processing Ltd, Bangalore. Sep 2015 to till date. 
 

 

 Successfully completed Remote knowledge transfer (Transition) for UK based project 
(United Kingdom), on Cash Management and Cash Application process in 2015 and 

successfully stabilized the process within a period of 3 month. 

 Handling entire Cash Management and Cash Application process. 

 Supporting the manager in team-handling responsibilities and ensure SLA and KPI are 
met. 

 Designing the workflow, daily work-allocation, reporting, compliance and audits. 

 Period end activities like Aged Analysis, Unallocated payment reports, Balance debt 
reports, Suspense account reports. 

 Preparing daily dashboards for all the processes which contain the total payments 
received and unapplied cash and number and the value of payments and other details for 

management reporting. 

 Documentation of all the data and In charge of process documentation, DTP listings and 
Maintaining the Cross training accordingly. 

 Provide continuous training and support the team members on new issues. 

 Refreshers training conducted for entire team. 

 Supported the manager in preparation of monthly stack report. 

 Working on TVC, on daily basis to maintain the accuracy, efficiency and effectiveness of 
team members. 

 

 

mailto:nataraj.gr15@gmail.com


 

Worked as Account in Charge in Customer Service Point-SBI TINY PART OF ZERO 

MASS FOUNDATION, Bangalore. May 2014 to Sep 2015. 

 

 

Roles and Responsibilities: 
 

    Facilitating various kinds of transaction services like cash deposit, cash withdrawal, and 

transfer of money. 

 Management of cash and customer account’s 

 Lending activities on behalf of the Bank 

 Enrolment of customers for no-frills zero-balance savings accounts and other account 
types that may be specified by the Bank.  

 

                Training Undergone: 
 

 Email Etiquettes and Delight Customer. 

 English Voice and Accent Training.   

 Self Expression and Leadership Program from Landmark Education International. 
 

Skill Set: 

Operating Systems  : MS-DOS, Windows 95/98/2000/2007/XP 

MS-Office    : MS-Word, Excel, PowerPoint. 

Accounting Package   : SAP (FICO) AR, Tally9 

Internet   : Specialized in Google Search, Banking Links, Familiar with                 

  Browsing , Checking mails. 

 

Educational Qualifications: 

 

 B.Com. 2014. Bangalore University, Karnataka, India.(48.19) 

 PUC      2011.Jnana Jyothi Pre University College (72.50%) 

 SSLC   2009.Poorna Gangothri Education Society (58.24%)  
 

 

Personal Details: 
Father name   : Renuka G.S  

Date of Birth   : Oct 15, 1993 

Marital Status   : Single. 

Languages Known  : English, Hindi, and Kannada. 

 

 

 

 

Place: Bangalore 

Date:                                      Nataraj G.R 


