





































 
 

          GANESH KUMAR N 

+91-9865905004  

    ganeshmuthu56@gmai l .com 

 
CAREER OBJECTIVE 
 
Accompl ished Sof tware  Profess ional  wi th  m ore than 2  years  of  exper ience in  J2EE Development ,  Web 
Applicat ion Development,  Gaming sof tware development ;  is  seek ing for  an opportun i ty where these sk i l ls  

add s imi lar  or  grea ter  va lue.  

 
CAREER BACKGROUND 
 

  Full stack developer at  tekCurve ,  f rom May 2015 to  t i l l  date .  
 
SKILLS SUMMARY 

Languages    Java /  J2EE 

Frameworks     Spr ing and Hibernate  

Scr ip t ing Language    PHP and Java  Scr ip t  

Tools  Log4j  
 
Databases     MySQL 

Markup Languages    HTML,XML 

Style  Sheet  Languages   CSS 

Vers ion Contro l    SVN 

Servers      Tomcat ,  W AMP 

 

RESPONSIBILITIES OVERVIEW ( Full stack developer ) 
 

  Responsib le  for  unders tanding the bus iness cases ,  gather ing  requi rements  and provid ing opt imum 
solut ions.  
 

  Resolving  and t roubleshoot ing the complex issues  in  appl icat ion  which a re ident i f ied  by test ing team. 
 

  Responsib le  for  ext ract ing p lace deta i ls  f rom Google map wi th  the help o f  Google Map API .  
 

  Developed Html  pages for  th is  appl icat ion.  
 

  In tegrated per iphera l  devices [RFID Reader ,  cas ino shoe]  wi th  the appl icat ion.  
 

  In tegrated UI  screen wi th  JSON response us ing JavaScr i p t .  
 

  Invo lved in  Pro ject  Releases and L ive Meet ings wi th  Cl ien ts .  
 

  Responsib le  for  des ign ing XML Mapping f i le  and  marshal  Java Object  in to  XML and the inverse  
[  unmarshal  XML back in to Java objects  ] .  

 
  Responsib le  for  des ign ing SQL quer ies.  

 

  Good knowledge  in  Ec l ipse.  
 

 
 

PERSONAL DATA 
 
Dob     21.5.1993  

Permanent  Address    3 /27,Kakkadavu,Kakkadavu( P),Pol lach i (T) ,Coimbatore(D),642120.  

Current  Address    302,3
r d

 f l r ,V ishnu Residency,Thubarahal l i ,Banga lore -KA,560066.  

Civi l  Status     Sing le  

Languages    Tami l ,Engl ish  

 
 

mailto:ganeshmuthu56@gmail.com
http://www.sriharitech.com/


 
 
 
 
CERTIFICATION 
 

  Orac le cer t i f ied assoc iate J avaSE 7 Programmer .  

  Orac le cer t i f ied profess ional  J avaSE 7 Programmer .  
 

 
PROJECT BACKGROUND 

 

 
 

 

EDUCATION 

Ins t i tut ion/Col lege  Year  Course Percentage 

Government  Col lege Of  Technology ,  CBE 2015 B.Tech  64% 

PA Polytechnic  Col lege,  Pol lachi  
2012 Dip loma 97% 

GHSS,Negamam 2008 SSLC 72% 

 
 

Prodentr ics  Durat ion:  Current Project   Since Dec 2016  

Role  Ful l  Stack Developer  

Pro ject  abstract  The object i ve of  th is  pro ject  is  to  develop  a java based web appl icat ion to  
al low the c l ient  to  schedule the doctor ’s  appoin tment  f rom home.  

Frameworks  Spr ing,  Hibernate  

Tools  Log4j  

Responsib i l i t ies  

 

  Programming ( java /  J2EE) of  a l l  modules.  

  Des ign ing SQL  quer ies.  

  Implemented logger in  th is  appl icat ion.  

Loanvala  Durat ion:  Aug 2016 to Dec 2016  

Role  Ful l  Stack Developer  

Pro ject  abstract  The object ive  of  th is  p ro ject  is  to  develop a web based appl icat ion to  a l low the 
c l ient  to  get  home loan f rom bank,  based on that  loan they can buy a  house 
f rom bui lders .  

CMS WordPress  

Responsib i l i t ies  

 

  Gather ing  requi rements  and des ign ing the so lut ion  

  In tegrated UI  screen wi th  DB us ing JavaScr ip t  and PHP.  

CasinoGames Durat ion:  Oct  2015 to Aug 2016  

Role  Ful l  Stack Developer  

Pro ject  abstract  The object i ve of  th is  pro ject  is  to  develop a java based Game Sof tware to  
implement  cas ino games log ic  and our  new creat i v i t y (UI)  to  develop             
and del ive r  a  best  p roduct  in  gaming industry.  

Tools  Log4j  

Responsib i l i t ies  

 

  Gather ing  requi rements ,  des ign ing the so lu t ion and programming o f  a l l  
modules  

  In tegrated per iphera l  devices [RFID Reader,  cas ino shoe]  wi th  the 
appl icat ion  

  In tegrated c l ient  screen wi th  response objects  f rom service.  


