





















































	chatrapathi reddy Ramireddy
Email ID: chatrapathireddy.r@gmail.com
Mobile: +91-9704328764

	

	


CaReer Objective:
Looking for a career which provides me challenging assignments and responsibilities where I can use my knowledge and experience in the areas of application development and maintenance.

Academic Profile:
· MCA from JNTU Anantapur 2012 -2015.
· B.Sc. from SVU Tirupati 2009 -2012.
· Intermediate from Sri Vasistah Junior College 2007-2009.
· SSC From Macca High School 2007.
Certifications:	
· Certified as a MICROSOFT Professional.
Technical Skills:
	Operation Systems
	Windows 

	Programming Languages
	C# .Net, VB .Net

	Web Technologies
	ASP .Net, HTML, CSS

	Web Server
	Internet Information Server (IIS)

	Databases
	SQL Server 2008, 2012, 2014

	Frame Work
	.Net Framework 4.5

	Management Tools
	TFS



Summary of Experience:
· Experience in application development using ASP.NET, C#.NET, SQL Server.
· Thorough knowledge on Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
· Working experience in SQL Server 2008/2012.
· Working experience in Object Oriented Programming Concepts and other C# concepts.
· Working with Postman tool to test services.
· Working with Burp Suite tool to test vulnerability issues in the application. 
· Working Vera Code tool to fix the flaws in the application.




Work Experience:

Project#1:

· Working with Tech Mahindra as Software Engineer form OCT 2016 to till date.

	Project Name
	ONESOURCE PLATFORM 

	Client
	Thomson Reuters 

	Domain
	Tax and Accounting

	Technologies
	C#.Net, VB.Net, ASP.Net

	Database
	SQL Server 2008,2014

	Role
	Developer

	Duration
	OCT’2016 – till date

	Team size
	4



Project Description:

ONESOURCE platform is the launching pad for all ONESOURCE applications. ONESOURCE platform is the central location to set up users and access rights for your ONESOURCE products. This is the place where all user and group level settings will be defined. Based on these settings users will be able to access various products and their features. This product also allows creating page templates to display relevant product data for each user, reviewing user and group specific data in various report formats, and configuring other productivity tools. ONESOURCE platform also allows user to add Gadgets. Gadgets are a quick way to access the information you need in an easy-to-view format.


Responsibilities:
· Involved in bug fixing and enhancement of the existing application. 
· Involved in the manual testing of the application.
· Insert and Update the Data use of stored procedure. 
· Writing stored procedures, Views and Joins.

Project#2: 

· Worked with Unimindz Services & Technologies as Software Engineer form June 2016 OCT 2016.


	Project Name
	Unimindz Services & Technologies

	Technologies
	HTML, ASP.NET, C#.NET

	Database
	SQL Server 2008

	Role
	Developer

	Duration
	June 2016 to Oct’2016

	Team size
	5




Project Description:
This website is an interface developed to provide the client/user send their resumes and business requirements for various line of business. Based on this website we had developed two kinds of requirements i.e. For Candidates and For Corporates. 

Responsibilities:
· Understanding the System requirements provided by the client and implementing them accordingly. 
· Undertaking coding, debugging and development of the Project.
· Involved in creating the web pages and establish the connectivity to the data base.
· Involved in Writing the Queries and Stored Procedures accordingly.

PERSONAL PROFILE:
	Full Name
	Chatrapathi Reddy Ramireddy

	Gender
	Male

	Marital Status
	Single

	Languages Known
	English, Hindi, and Telugu

	Contact Info
	+91-9704328764

	Passport
	Yes

	Preferred Location
	Hyderabad

	Address
	Flat no: 101, Road No: 12, Mahitha Green Oaks, Krishi Nagar, Madinaguda, Hyderabad, Telangana - 500050



Declaration:
I hereby assure that the above-mentioned information is true to the best of my knowledge.


	Place: Hyderabad
	

	Date: 
	                                            R. Chatrapathi Reddy



1
