












































SUNIL CHAKKA

RAHUL MALIK
(B. Tech, Computer Engineering with 62%, 2009)
	Contact Address
	   Mail Id    
	rhlmalik10@gmail.com

	s/o Mr.Suresh Pal Malik

vill:- Nangla Shakhu

Post:- Kastla

Distt.:- Meerut(U.P) 250001                   
	  Contact Phone

          
	 09457703084     
 07500411451
 

	
	  Date of Birth
	 15/02/1983


Career Profile

	Objective

	                 To Work in a globally competitive environment on challenging assignments that shall yield the twin benefits of the job satisfaction and a steady-paced professional growth.

	Educational Qualification

	Bachelor of Technology (B. Tech.) in Computer Engineering (2005-2009) from Bundelkhand University, Jhansi India with 62%
10th from CBSE Board 

12th from CBSE Board 


	Work Experience

	14 Months experience as a RF Engineer (responsible for Drive test and site survey) in Niscom Tele Infra Pvt. Ltd, New Delhi.
Summary:

CO-ORDINATION:

Site Survey & Drive test co-ordination

SITE SURVEY:

RF and LOS survey, Site Survey and Selection
SITE AUDITS:

RF parameters audit

DRIVETEST:

Site Selection, RF planning, Defining Handover (Inter and Intra), Swapping, and Interference.

       


Technical Skills

	Programming Languages
	C,C++.

	Operating Systems
	Windows XP.

	Areas of Interest 
	Computer Network, Database.

	Database
	 SQL Server 2000.


Projects
	B.Tech Major Project

	Project Name
	SoftPublicationhouse.com

	Language
	ASP.NET using C#, ADO.Net.



	Database
	Ms-SQL Server 2000

	Team Size & Role
	3 Members.

	Responsibilities
	Involved in Database and Testing. 

	Project Abstract
	This project is designing a website of the publication house for the user. The user can register to the website as a paid user and can be a member of publication house. The publisher can upload information of books and user can purchase them according to their requirements. The user can search books of their interest. User can also register as a nonpaid user and be a part of publication house website.  Our publication house makes it easier for the user to get their needed books. User can also maintain their shopping cart in our publication house.


	Worked On Projects 

	Project Name
	MTS (Delhi) & Airtel (UPW & Uttrakhand circle)

	Duration
	April 2010 to June 2011

	Responsibilities
	Working as RF Engineering, Responsible for DRIVE TEST and AUDIT.

Responsible for solving handover, interference problems.


 training/ Seminar
1. Undergone training for three month on Microsoft .Net Platform (2.0, 3.5) from Miracle Technologies, Sec-2 Noida UP.
2. Topic “GSM” was presented at I.E.T, B.U., Jhansi.

DECLARATION
  I here by declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Date:                                                                                                           (Rahul Malik)                  





