
































Sumit Kumar Gaurav 
+91-9692662779 

sumitkrgaurav0811@gmail.com 
 

Career Summary and Experience 
  Software Developer at Infrasoft Technologies Ltd. 

  July 2015 - Present (2 .5 years) 

 Strong collaboration and team building skills with proficiency at grasping new technical 
concepts quickly & utilize the same in a productive manner. Good communication, positive 

attitude towards team working, willingness to learn and ambition to grow. 

 

 Involved in the development of Banking and Financial  products like Loan Origination 
System, Anti-Fraud System etc. Efficiently converted Business requirements into Enterprise 

Solutions with cooperation of Team Leads and Business Analysts. Had opportunities to 

travel Client Locations and interact with client and provide them solutions based on live 

case study sessions.  

Projects 
 (LOS) Loan Origination System 

 
July 2015 to January 2017 

Members: 8-9 
 

Loan Origination solution assists a financial enterprise to manage the entire loan origination 
workflow starting with on-boarding through application, appraisal and approval processes. 
The solution comes with a scalable BPM layer that enables financial enterprises to meet 
dynamic needs of their customers and evolving changes in financial markets. 
 
Role: Full  Stack Development including UI and Database 
Technologies Used: Core Java, JSF, Hibernate, JavaScript, XHTML, CSS, AJAX, Oracle 
 

 (AFS) Anti-Fraud System 
 

 
Members: 7     

 
Taking the FRMS to the next level, Anti-Fraud System is designed to handle frauds and 
money laundering at the runtime in fractions of second. It offers a common platform to 
meet ever evolving Money Laundering and Fraud Risk compliance requirements and 
monitor financial fraud scenarios across customers, employees, agents and vendors. 
 
Role: Full  Stack Development and Involved Specially in CEP(Complex Event Processing)  
Technologies Used: Core Java, Spring, Struts2, Apache Storm, Apache Kafka, 
Zookeeper, JSP, Hibernate, Eclipse-Link, JavaScript, JQuery, Rest WebService, 
MongoDb  MSSQL,  
 

Skills & Expertise 
Programming Languages- Java 7-8 Web Frameworks- JSF, Struts2, Spring, Apache 

Storm, Apache Kafka, Zookeeper 
Scripting- JavaScript, jQuery ORM Frameworks- Hibernate, Eclipse-Link, 

Mongo-Client 
Relational Databases- Mongo DB, Oracle, MS-

SQL 
Others- CSS, Bootstrap, Ajax, Json, Xhtml, JSP, 

Servlets 
IDE- JBoss Developer, Eclipse Web/Application Server- JBoss Server, Tomcat 

 

February  2017 to Present 

mailto:sumitkrgaurav0811@gmail.com


Education 
 Gandhi Institute for Technology, Bhubaneswar 

 

Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech), Computer Science, 2011 – 2015 
Grade: 7 CGPA 

Activities and Societies: Event Management and Health Club Member  

  
 Panwari College, Arrah 

Grade: 73.4 % 
HSC, Bihar Board (2009 – 2011) 
 

 JPSS Sr. Sec. School, Arrah 
Grade: 82.5 % 
SSC,  CBSE Board (2007 – 2008) 

 

Certifications 
 Core Java 

CTTC, BHUBANESWAR 
 

 Advanced Java for Web Development 
NIIT Limited, BHUBANESWAR 

 

Personal Details 
 Date of Birth: 08 Nov 1993 
 Gender and Marital Status: Male and Single 
 Language Known: English, Hindi, Odiya 
 Hobbies: Cooking, Exploring New Places and People, Solving Puzzles 
 Current Address: A-404, Bharateeya Kala Aptmt, Omnagar, JB Nagar, Andheri East, Mumbai 
 Mobile Number: +91-969266279 
 Email Id: sumitkrgaurav0811@gmail.com 

 

 

 

 

 

I hereby declare that the information provided by is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.  

Place:  Mumbai                                                                                                       Sumit Kumar Gaurav 

 

mailto:sumitkrgaurav0811@gmail.com

