
















































				CURRICULUM   VITAE

ANIMESH BISWAS
Email      :  animebis@in.ibm.com
Contact :  +91 8927728566

EDUCATION:
Qualifications	:   BACHELOR OF TECHNOLOGY (B.TECH) in ELECTRONICS AND           COMMUNICATION ENGINEERING, 2015
WORK EXPERIENCE: 
MAY 2016 – Till date, Application Developer, IBM India Pvt. Ltd (Payroll: Experis IT Pvt. Ltd, Kolkata, India)
Currently working as an Application developer for DrayWatch application and RCM Commercial application and practicing foundation level architect discipline under the mentorship of our operations portfolio architect and thought leader for A.P. Moller-Maersk Group also known as Maersk. Maersk is a Danish business conglomerate. Maersk Group has activities in a variety of business sectors, primarily within the transportation and energy sectors. It has been the largest container ship operator and supply vessel operator in the world since 1996.

DrayWatch Application Roles and Responsibilities:

DrayWatch is a web based internet application for trucking companies and Maersk. It allows collaboration between ocean carriers and trucking companies to manage the work order life cycle that includes Receive, accept, decline Work Orders, invoicing, miscellaneous charge, accessorial, equipment updating etc. facilities. Following are the roles and responsibilities which I have been taking care of

· Working as a run team member as well as supported build team, Test team throughout DrayWatch migration. Also proactively supported Migration team in Hyper care period as a developer.

· Provided DrayWatch KT to the build team.

· Coordinate with Business Team whenever required. 

· Attending Client meeting throughout the Migration and also for supporting the application.

· Preparation of various Documents needed for the Migration.

· Did all DrayWatch IE11 compatibility code fixing and deployment.

· Reviewed all the test cases prepared at the time of migration.

· Supporting the application in Bug fixing, Ticket solving in Remedy/Snow.

· Collaborating and interacting with client whenever needed.

· Compliance to Quality Processes.

RCM Commercial Application Roles and Responsibilities:
This application is designed /developed for those who are the customers of Maersk Line. The sole functionality of this application is basically customer can track the data related to their booked container, its status, temperature given at the time of its initial journey, journey dates, present geographical location and all. This application will help those clients to have a complete eye about their containers.
This application mainly deals with the tracking of the refer container only and to give the status of the supplied and received temperature of the container, and the same can be tracked by a customer/user on his mobile/desktop device. Following are the roles and responsibilities which I have been taking care of
· Working as a run team member as well as supported build team, Test team throughout at the time of application gone live. Also proactively supported team in Hyper care period as a developer.

· Working on the RCM commercial compatibility code fixing. 

· Working on the different incidents raised by the user.
Also working of the following tools:
· Log Analyser	    :   Work on the development of this tool. It supports all the application under APMM account. 
· Win Automation   :   Work on different automation work, as per the requirement of the application, with the help of this tool.

Other relevant information: 
Certification	: Qualified with IBM Design Thinking Practitioner, IBM badge course offered by IBM developer Works, earned on December, 2016.


Professional Skills: 
Profile	:  Result oriented, problem solving and hardworking applicant proficient in analyzing and translating business requirements to technical requirements and architecture. Good database skills, Object Oriented Programming and development knowledge.
Key Skills	:  Java:
Core Java 1.4 ,1.5, 1.6 and 1.7

Struts:
MVC (1.x/2.x)

ORM:
Hibernate (4.x), Toplink (11.x)

Enterprise Java Beans:
EJB 3.x

Application Servers:
Weblogic 10.3

UI development:
JSP 2.x, Servlet 2.x, Struts MVC (1.x, 2.x)

Build Scripts:
Ant 1.x, Maven 3.0.5

Database:
Oracle 11gR2 , MySql
	HTML: (HTML4.01, HTML5)

DECLARATION:
I hereby affirm that the information provided, herein, is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
DATED:                                                                        
                                                                                                                                                           PLACE:  Kolkata                                                                                  [ANIMESH BISWAS]


