












































    Resume
Cover Letter
                                                                              
To
                                                                                                
The Personnel Manager


Subject: Application for Purchaser or suitable job.


Dear Sir / Madam,


Quest for excellence has been a continues process in enhancing my skills and knowledge, seeking a position in your esteemed organization that will widen the horizon of my knowledge and experience. 

I am herewith enclosing my resume for your kind perusal. I assure you that if I am given an opportunity, I will serve your organization sincerely and to the best of my ability.



Waiting for a favorable reply. 


Yours truly,

Khaja Hissam Uddin.



Education
•     Pursuing B.A English, Final Year by Osmania University Correspondence.


•     1996-1997
Senior School Education, Passed with 60% from Newton High School, India.
(UAE Attested) 
 

•     1998-2000 
Higher Secondary School Education (Science). From Board of intermediate education A.P, India. (UAE Attested)

Technical Qualification: 
•     Post Graduate Diploma in Computer Programming (PGDCP) Recognize by the Govt. of India. 
•    Certificate course in Auto Cad From auto desk in AB Technology.
 Experience
•      Worked as a Purchase coordinator and office administrator in Bin Ghannam   

         Contracting L.L.C, Dubai (UAE) since 8th March 2008 to 24th April 2011.
Job profile as purchase coordinator:

· Handling all kind of purchase order’s related to building materials depending upon below mentioned points
1. Consumable, Hardware’s, Instrumentation, Engg material and General Procurement of required Chemicals and other equipment’s.
2. Searching new suppliers, comparing rate cards of previous and new    

                  suppliers without compromising at the deliverables & Quality.
3. Making comparatives & placing the Orders appropriately.
4. Scrutinizing the agreements made by the suppliers in getting the required materials.

5. Making decision on quotations and forwarding to General Manager for approval.

6. Handling records of all kind of construction documentations. Such as online applications for Dubai Municipality (DM), Dubai Electricity & Water Authority (D.E.W.A) etc...  
7. Assisting Engineers in drawings & related documentation works.

8. System Maintenance, Handling Office Networks, Virus Cleaning.
     Courses Received 
 •    Microsoft Word
 •    Microsoft Excel 
 •    Microsoft Access
 •    Microsoft Power Point
 •    Internet and e-mail (well versed) 
 •    FoxPro.
 •    SQL
 •    C, C++
 •    Oracle 7.3 With D2K

 •    Auto cad

Personal Details
Fathers name

: Khaja Moin Uddin
Date of Birth

: 05-03-1982
Nationality

: Indian
Marital Status

: Married
Gender       

: Male

Religion
                 : Islam 

Passport No             : G6408382

Place Of Issue           : Hyderabad

Date Of Issue            : 03/12/2007

Date Of Expiry           : 02/12/2017


Languages Known:
           

            English, Urdu, Hindi (Fluent)
           Arabic (Courtesy & Greetings)



                                                       




Strength:


• Handling of office routine independently.
• Good communication skills.
  (Verbal as well as able to handle self-correspondence)
• Designing and implementing of new projects in a team 
• Organizing and participating in exhibitions and seminars.


Address:


H.No                 : 19-2-18/B/40, Amjad Daula Bagh, Misri Gunj, Hyderabad.

Mobile               : +919550407702(Hyderabad)
    
E-Mail                 : hissamuddin2011@gmail.com
Current CTC        :  30,000/- per month

Expected Salary   : As per company standards
Driving License     : LMV, MCWG (Own Vehicle)

References:
                    Available upon request. 


