












































CURRICULUM VITAE

CURRICULUM VITAE

Name



:
CA.  Rajesh Nandlal Gujarathi
Date Of Birth


:
7th September, 1978.
Sex



:
Male

Cast



:
Hindu Vaishnav

Nationality


:
Indian

Address  


:
8/B,17 ELLTEE GEEJAY Co-op Hsg. Society






Sai Baba Nagar, Borivali (W)






Mumbai - 400 092.

Marrital Status

:
Married
Contact no 


:
(022) 2805 2296  / 81080-22296 / 81080-22295

Email                                     
:
carajgujarathi@gmail.com
   




rajgujarathi@rediffmail.com
Languages Known
            :

Gujarati, English, Marathi, and Hindi.

         
Educational Qualification :

	 Examination
	Board / University /Institute
	Year

Of Passing
	Class Obtained

	HSC
	Gujarat Secondary Education Board Gandhi Nagar M.K.P.M.S  School , MADHI , Gujarat
	1995
	50.66

(Second)

	B.Com
	South Gujarat University

P.R.B Arts & Commerce College, Bardoli, Gujarat
	1998
	52

(Second)

	C.A Inter
	The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India
	2002
	50.83

(Second)

	C.A Final Group-II
	The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India
	2006
	51.25

    (Second)

	C.A Final Group-I 
	The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India
	2007
	55.75

    (Second)


Experience Details :

1) Current Employment

Ackruti City Limited (ACL)
(Nov-2010 till date)

Designation: General Manager – Taxation / Finance

Role and work profile: Looking after Direct Taxation Part of ACL and its group companies including that of promoters. Broadly, my profile consists of following:

· Participation in tax planning issues, with preparation of related pros and cons of particular tax planning.

· Computations of Total Income and Tax Liability of various companies and individuals along with the related tax planning. 
· Preparation of various ITR forms and filing/E-filing of the same to the Income Tax Department.

· Responsible for timely preparing and filing of the E-TDS returns to Income Tax authorities.

· Calculating estimated Advance Tax installments and timely payment thereof, pertaining to companies and individuals.

· Preparing submissions for assessments and appearing before Income Tax authorities for assessments and responsible for timely completion of assessments.

· Preparation of draft of both CIT (A) and ITAT and present it to consultants for their approval. 

· Coordinating and assisting consultants in preparing submissions for both CIT (A) and I.T.A.T and responsible for timely filing of the appeals.

· Compliances with other Income Tax Notices (demand / penalty notices) , preparing replies and appearing before Income Tax authorities.

· Timely reporting of the status of the companies with respect to assessment/appeals filed before respective assessing/appellate authorities to the senior officials of the company

· Regularly following up with the Income Tax authorities for refund claims and appeal effect orders.
· Obtaining Nil / Lower deduction of TDS certificate u/s 197 of I.T Act for various companies.

· Co-ordinate with Tax auditors in completing Tax Audit Report.
· Assist accounts staff in making entries relating to taxation.

· Assist accounts staff regarding  their queries relating to TDS and other tax issues.

2) Previous Employment

(A) Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. - On a payroll of  Virtuous Finance Ltd

(May 2007 till Oct-2010)     

DESIGNATION :   Assistant Manager Taxation/Accounts
      

Role and work profile: Managing around 48 Investment companies of the promoters. Broadly, my profile consists of following:

· Calculating estimated Advance Tax installments and timely payment thereof, pertaining to companies and individuals.

· Responsible for timely preparing and filing of the E-TDS returns to Income Tax authorities.

· Computations of Total Income and Tax Liability of companies and individuals along with the related tax planning. 

· Preparation of various ITR forms and filing/E-filing of the same to the Income Tax Department.

· Compliances with various Income Tax Notices, preparing replies and appearing before Income Tax authorities.

· Preparing submissions for assessments and appearing before Income Tax authorities for assessments and responsible for timely completion of assessments.

· Coordinating and assisting consultants in preparing submissions for both CIT (A) and I.T.A.T and responsible for timely filing of the appeals.

· Timely reporting of the status of the companies with respect to assessment/appeals filed before respective assessing/appellate authorities to the senior officials of the company

· Appeared before Honorable High Court as an authorised representative of 5 companies which filed writ petitions against the Income Tax Department and was solely responsible for assisting company’s counselors, by providing information’s and documents required by them. I was also responsible for reporting timely status of the petition to the directors and senior officials of the company.

· Regularly following up with the Income Tax authorities for refund claims and appeal effect orders.

· Timely review of the accounting entries entered into the system.

· Finalisation of accounts and financial statements of companies and individuals.

· Responsible for getting the accounts audited from the auditors and assisting the auditors in completing the audit.

· Planning regarding optimum utilisation of funds receivable by the companies, by investing the funds into various financial instruments and thereby maximizing the profits.

· Preparation of CMA data for obtaining credit facilities and short term fund from financial institution and banks.

(B) Jet Cartridge (I) Pvt Ltd

(Jan 2005 to April- 2007)     

DESIGNATION :   ACCOUNTS  MANAGER     

Work Undertaken :

1)
Finalisation of Accounts of the Company & its other sister concerns.

2)
Abiding with various foreign exchange rules for foreign exchange outward and inward remittances like filing of form A2, ICC Declaration, bank correspondences, etc.

3)
Handling accounts for foreign Transactions.

4)   To interface regularly with bankers, auditors, taxation and various other financial matters.    

5)  Preparing Profit & Loss Account & Balance sheet of its group companies, & filing of its      returns.

6)   Handling All Direct as well as Indirect Tax Matters including VAT Working, monthly   

      Submission of VAT Returns, FBT Returns etc.

7)   Maintenance of all the records as required by Company’s Act, Income Tax Act, Sales     

      Tax  Law.

8)   Handling ROC Work.

(C) M/s. Luthia & Shah – CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS

DESIGNATION :  Tax & Audit Assistant

Apprenticeship as article clerk from 07th August 2000 to 06th July 2003. Thereafter continued in the same organization as Direct & Indirect Tax & Audit assistant till January 2005
.

Work Undertaken :

1.
Tax Planning For Individuals, Partnership Firm, Companies.

2.
Tax Audit of Individuals, Partnership Firm, Companies.

3.
Statutory Audit of Punjab National Bank, Dena Bank.

4.
Statutory Audit of Pvt Ltd Companies.

5. Handling Sales Tax Matters, attending before Sales Tax Authorities, filing Appeal & attending hearing, Sales Tax Assessments & Claiming Set-off/Refund, Compilation of details for Sales Tax/VAT Returns and Filing of Monthly/Quarterly Sales Tax/VAT Returns, Supervising the Maintenance of proper records required as per Sales Tax Laws, Monitoring issuance of Concessional Forms C/F/E-1 & Collection of Concessional Forms under Sales Tax law.

6. Handling Income Tax Matters including attending before Income Tax Authorities , filing Appeal & attending hearing, Income Tax Assessments & Preparation of Computation of Income & Return of Income of Individuals, Partnership Firms, Pvt Ltd Companies, Supervising the  Maintenance of proper records required as per income Tax Laws.

SOFTWARE -  ACCOUNTING PACKAGES KNOWN : TALLY 5.4. , 6.3 , 7.2, 9, Trade Package, T.Fat
RECOMMENDATIONS : will be submitted on request.

