














































CAREER GOAL 

Reach the zenith of success in all endeavors undertaken. 
 
PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS 

 Industry exposure of more than Twelve Years into Adhesives, Cement, Industrial Fan Manufacturing, BFSI and 
HR Consultancy. 

 Functional exposure of Recruitment across different management cadres, for both corporate and plant level 
functions. 

 Recruitment & HR Operations: Rich exposure of various HR Functions such as Recruitment, Talent 
Management, Training & Development, Organizational Development, Change Management, Employee 
Engagement & Branding etc.  

 Consultancy Recruitment: Exposure of handling positions across management levels for Industries like 
Pharma, Automobile, Infrastructure & Construction, Engineering, Procurement and Construction (EPC), 
Engineering Manufacturing etc. in the Consultancy business, being The Single Point of Contact to the Clients. 

 
PROFESSIONAL EXPOSURE 

Recruitment 
 End-to-End Recruitment process for positions across all management levels in the organization for both 

corporate & plant level functions. 
 Partnering with Business to determine manning norms across verticals. 
 Adherence to the Recruitment SOP as set by the organization. 
 Understand business needs to design annual Recruitment & manning plan. 
 Compensation bench marking and competition talent mapping. 
 Maintaining Hiring Channel Mix such as referral programs, internal job posting, hiring through social media, 

LinkedIn etc. 
 Vendor management & MIS generation. 
 Reduction of Recruitment Cost and Turn-Around-Time. 
 Preparation of Job Descriptions, Position Score cards, CTC structure, Offer & Appointment letters, etc. 
 Conducting various Psychometric & Behavioral tests such as Thomas International PPA & SHL Online tests for 

prospective talents. 
 Working Knowledge of various HRIS such as Oracle, Ramco etc. 

 

Talent Management 
 Creation of Talent Management Framework for identification and appraisal of critical talent pool. 
 Driving the Performance Management System with the approach of Balance Score Card procedure. 
 Developing clear job descriptions and employee performance plans which includes the key result areas (KRA') 

and performance indicators. 
 Identifying the training and development needs by measuring the outcomes achieved against the set standards 

and implementing effective development programs for improvement. 
 Responsible for developing various customized behavioral and work-related workshops. 
 Prepare the Annual Training Calendar based on the Training Need Identification. 
 Plan and facilitate various Leadership, Learning & Talent Management programs 

 

H R Systems & Reports 
 Plan communication strategies and identify areas of concern, in evolving a sustainable retention strategy for 

Management employees. 
 Exposure in introduction of several Manuals into the Company E.g. Staff Service Manual, Training Manual etc. 
 Preparing various letters for employees, right from the time the employee joins till resignation / retirement. 
 Looking after joining formalities, induction, confirmation, exit interviews etc. and SOX compliance at every 

stage. 
 Exposure to preparation of Staff MIS, Training MIS, Attrition MIS, Salary Parity MIS etc. 

 

Change Management 
 Taken care of various Change Management activities in India.  
 Involved single handedly in making Stake-Holder Analysis & Matrix, Engagement Plans, Communication 

Meetings-PAN India, Change Readiness Assessment (CRA) and CRA analysis, Value Workshop and such other 
various CM activities. 

 Attended a 3-day Project & Change Management (PCM) Course at Renfrew, Glasgow, UK. 
 

SARITA DEB +971 585493244 (m) +971 581023647 (alternative) 
sarita.4r@gmail.com 

mailto:sarita.4r@gmail.com


 
 
PROFESSIONAL WORK EXPERIENCE 

Henkel Adhesives Technologies India Pvt. Ltd., Navi Mumbai 
Recruitment Manager - India, Since September 2017 – April 2018 

 Leading a team of two Recruiters 
 Posted at the Head Office – India reporting to Talent Manager – India & Pakistan 

 
Dalmia Cements, A Dalmia Group Company, Kolkata 
Manager – Talent Acquisition, January 2015 – April 2017 

 Posted at the Head Office – East - Kolkata in the Sales & Marketing HR Department reporting to the Head – HR 
 
Howden Solyvent India Pvt. Ltd, Kolkata  
Deputy Manager – Corporate HR, January 2011 to January 2015 

 Posted at the HO - Kolkata in the Corporate HR Department reporting to the Head - HR 
 
Ad Astra Consultants Pvt. Ltd, Kolkata 
Assistant Manager – Talent Sourcing, September 2007 – October 2010  

 Catering to the Engineering and Manufacturing industries of India & abroad. 
 

PAST PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

 Elixir Web Solutions (P) Ltd, Delhi 
HR Consultant, February 2006 – September 2006                                

 Credentials and Career Boosters Consultants Pvt. Ltd, Delhi 
HR Executive, December 2004 – January 2006 

 

ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS 

 PGDBM (FULL-TIME) 2003-2005, from Delhi Productivity Council Institute of Management, Karol Bagh, New Delhi. 
Specialization in HUMAN RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT. 

 ECONOMICS (H) 2000-2003, from Cotton College, Guwahati University. 
 

EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 

 Music has been a passion, did Vishrad in Music. 
 Won many accolades in various Singing Competitions. 
 Staged Drama & Plays & won many prizes in Drama Competitions. 
 Have an extra edge in Recitation & Script reading. 
 

PERSONAL DOSSIER 

Spouse name  : Mr. Indranil Deb  
Date of Birth  : 5th February 1982 
Sex   : Female 
Marital Status  : Married 
Proficiency in languages : English, Hindi, Bengali and Assamese 
Hobbies   : Music, reading literature and interacting with people 
Permanent Address  :   Purti Flowers, Flat Lotus 9D, Jalkal, Maheshtala, Kolkata – 700141, India. 
Current Address         :     Al Ward, Al Nahada 1, Dubai, UAE.  
VISA Status  : Dependent UAE VISA.  
 
 
 
              SARITA DEB 
 
 
 


