














































DNYANESHWAR B. NIMBHORE 

Mob: +919923220061 

                                                                        Email: dnimbhore07@gmail.com  

Carrier Objective: 

To be a part of an organization that is growing fast and has strong ongoing growth ambitions; that 

not only favor’s continuous professional and personal growth but also enhances my learning 

abilities and utilizes my skills to the apex of my potential. 

Professional Experience:                                                                                                                                     

 2 years of professional experience in network management. 

 Below is professional work summary. 

Organization Designation From- To Location 

Evolve Technologies & Services PVT LTD OMCR Engg. 10/12/2015-Till Date Pune(Offshore) 

 

Technical Expertise: 

   

Technology  SDH, PDH, MPLS,3G & 4G BTS 

Tool         U2000, M2000, NetAct, Putty,reflection(nokia) 

 

  

Work Experience: 

 

Project Title:  Telenor(MH &G) 

 

Responsibility: - 

 Looking after transmission activities of Telenor network for MH & G circle.(27 BSC’s & 3 
MSC’s) with total of around 4500 BTS 

 Upgradation of new BTS from Nokia(NSN) to Huawei BTS for swapping of sites as part of 
project team and integrating new sites in the network. 

 Planning for MPLS, ATER and SDH and MW. Maintaining E1 dropping details and 
dependency details. 

 Installation and maintaining of 3G (Huawei) Base station Node-B and Radio Network 
Controller (RNC). Hand-on experience in LTE sites. 

 NOKIA BTS commissioning through remote login. 
 Looking after all service affecting faults and resolving them by troubleshooting 
 Co-ordination with field engineer and for resolution of any network degrading faults. 
 And supporting for all media outages in circle and enhancing the Network Availability to 

about 99.90 % 
 

 

 

 

mailto:dnimbhore07@gmail.com


 
 

Educational Qualification: 

 

 Qualification Year Institute, Board Aggregate Marks 

B.E. (E&TC) 2015 Pune University 65.33% 

Diploma (E&TC) 2012 M.S.B.T.E 71.37% 

Diploma(CSE) 2009 TMV Pune 66.20% 

S.S.C 2008 Maharashtra state board 69.38% 

 

 

Technical Training: 

 

 Training of Value Addition Program On MATLAB at SKNSITS, Lonavala. 

 Training of SEED IT IDOL COMPETITION organized By SEED InfoTech Ltd.and University of pune. 

 Familiar with C, My sql 

 

Academic Project: 

 Project:-  A System for Automatic Toll Deduction Using Image Processing. 

Description :-  

 This application provides an easy mechanism for toll deducted system 

 It provides the intelligent mechanism to deduct automatic toll of vehicle. 

 This allows the vehicle driver to pass the toll tax booth without stopping 

 It recognizes number plate from car and deducted toll from owner account and gives sms to the 

owner. 

Technology: - MATLAB , MySQL database 

 

Personal Details :- 

 

Name  DNYANESHWAR B. NIMBHORE 

Date of Birth 04th Jan 1993 

Languages known English, Hindi, Marathi 

Address Ghotavi, Tal:- Shrigonda, Dist:- Ahmednagar , 413728 

Hobbies Farming, Learning new Vehicle Driving. 

 

 

Declaration:- 

 

I hereby declare that all the details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge and belief 
 

Dnyaneshwar B. Nimbhore 


