



















































Renjusha.K.R
Email: renjushasaneesh@gmail.com	
Contact No: +91-9605967166
Address for communication: 4 B, Fourth Floor, Hill Valley Apartment, 
				  Near Civil station, Aluva -683101, Ernakulam, Kerala.
OBJECTIVE:
To be a part of an organization where get a chance to use my knowledge and skills to contribute in the progress of the organization as well as myself.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Programming Languages: C, C++, and Java.
Web Technology: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, and JSP.
Database: MYSQL, SQL Server and MS Access.
Concepts: DBMS and Data Structure.
Operating System: Windows and Linux.
ACADEMIC  QUALIFICATION:
	Qualification
	Board/University
	College
	Percentage

	
	
	
	

	Bachelor of Science
Information Technology (BSc IT)
	Anna University
	Nehru Institute of Engineering and Technology, Coimbatore
	76.6 %

	Higher Secondary
	State Board Kerala
	Cherupushpam Girls Higher Secondary School, Kerala
	82 %

	SSLC
	State Board Kerala
	Cherupushpam Girls Higher Secondary School, Kerala
	80 %





PROJECTS:
1. Medical Diagonosis System

Project summary:-

The objective of the project was to observe diseases of patients by online and provide correct treatment. The doctor and patients can login through the system. If new registration, you can register through it. The details of symptoms can enter, the laboratory and scanning details are checked and discuss through the system by the doctor to the patient. If any necessary to see him, it’s the only demerit of it. 
	The Front-end is ASP.net and back-end is MYSQL. We took 6 months to complete it. It’s a group project done by 4 students including me. The 
Documentation is fully prepared by me and the software is done by the coordination of us above.

Front End:-			ASP.net
Back End:-			MYSQL
Project Duration:		6 months



2. Event Management System

Project summary:-

The objective of the project was to manages the events like marriage, receptions, birthday, anniversary etc. by providing suitable needs like decorations, catering, utilities such as chairs, tables etc. It’s done for an event managing team in Kerala, including their needs and services provided by them. Here there are bookings, registrations and all services in the system. No risk of conducting all the items by manpower, no travelling, reduces expenses etc. The customer have to register and book the details of ceremony date, they will look all the features of a function.



The Front-end is Java and back-end is MYSQL. It’s done by my risk. I took 6 months to complete.


Front End: -			Java
	Back End: -			MYSQL
	Project Duration: -		6 months



EXPERIENCE:
 KPB NIDHI Ltd. From 22/04/2015 to Since

Manager (IT)
KPB Nidhi Ltd is a nonbanking financial company with 74 branches around Kerala started in 1989. Its head office is in Aluva, Ernakulam district, Kerala. When I was joining as Assistant Manager, all branches were doing manual bookkeeping. After that within 1 year, we converted it to core solution. Now I am also confident in accounts as well as IT. I supported in the implementation of HR, operational & also in accounting software. 

Responsibilities:
· Cooperated effectively with vendors to facilitate installation, testing, upgrade, and migration of new software.
· Resourcefully applied modifications for enhancements and defects to meet and/or surpass customer needs.
· Closely monitored production systems to ensure consistently flawless performance.
· Documented and reported application defects to Development teams
· Assisted Quality Assurance team in validating bug fixes and patches
· Coordinated and worked with software engineers and improved product quality.
· Proficient in using Clarify issue tracking system to track and log support issues.
· Interacted effectively with all customer constituencies.
· Maintained the operational availability of all computer related equipment, network infrastructure.
· Successfully designed, tested and implemented a comprehensive performance and Planned, implemented software upgrades, migrations, and data conversion. 



PERSONAL DETAILS:
Experience		:	3.4 years
Date of Birth		:	01-02-1989
Gender			:	Female
Father			:	P.Rajan
Mother			:	Remadevi.V.P
Spouse			:	Saneesh.M
Language Known	:	English, Malayalam, Tamil
Nationality		:	Indian
Marriage status	:	Married
Preferred Location      :           Ernakulam/Kochi
Permanent Address 	: 	Renju nivas, 
				Kizhakkencherry po, 
				Palakkad, 	
Kerala, Pin–678684, India.








I declare that all the information provided above is correct and true.


Date:
Place: Aluva							Renjusha.K.R												
