



















































Resume of NAVEEN


	Name:                                        PRADEEP RAJ R

Fathers Name:
RAMASAMY M

Date of Birth:   25.04.1991
Gender:             Male
Marital status: Single
Religion:           Hindu
Nationality:      Indian


Email ID:       pradeepraj2591@gmail.com
    
Contact No: 9962692526
                     
Address: 19/a, Sarathi nagar
3rdstreet, Lakshmipuram,
Kolathur,
Chennai- 600099.


	Career Objective
             To be an associate of a progressive organization that best utilizes my        
           functional skills and gives me a hope to develop my knowledge and skills.


Interpersonal Skills
· Excellent team player, innovative, administrative and quick learner.
· Extremely interested in new technologies, ideas and learning.


Educational Qualification                                               
	Education
	Board
	Institution
	Year of passing
	% of marks

	

SSLC
	

Matric
	
Don Bosco Matriculation Higher Secondary School
	

2006
	

65

	



DIPLOMA
	
State Board of Technical Education and Training
	


Sri Durga Devi Polytechnic College
	



2011
	



88.83

	
B.Tech
( CSE )
	
SRM
University
	

SRM University
	

2014
	

  6.5 CGPA            


.
Skills
· Networking. (DHCP, DNS, OSI Layer 2 and 3, Wireless Networking)
· Virtualization Techniques
· Microsoft Windows Server Technology

Sports Activities
· Zonal Level Winner in Javelin Throw.
· Runner Up in Kho -Kho Matches at College level.
· Winner in Athletics.

Co-Curricular Activities
· Attended Workshops in Ethical Hacking & Information Expert.  
· Completed In-Plant Training as System Network Engineer.	
· Completed In-Plant Training on networking at HCL Technologies.



	
LANGUAGES KNOWN







PROJECT
	 
English and Tamil.



Project Title:

     Relative Signal Strength Of Wireless LAN Using ARIMA Model

Description- The traditional time series model such as ARIMA models have been proven to be in adequate for modeling traffic exhibiting long-range dependence. ARIMA model is suggested to give a quick and simple way to model signal strength of WLAN measured in dbm and we use the Box-jerkins methodology as a frame work for our modeling.



	EXPERIENCE
	Organization: BNY Mellon Technology     December 2016 to present date

Designation: System Analyst (Onsite support technician Level 2).

Key Roles and Responsibilities:
                          As a System Analyst we provide support for onsite engineers for their system hardware and software issues. 
· Hands on experience with BMC Remedy tool through which incident management methodology is followed to document and manage request.
· Knowledge in MS Office 2010 and 2016 (Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint).
· Hands on experience in handling VDS (Virtual Desktop Services), Virtualization techniques.
· Expertise in handling Windows OS (Operating System) and VPN (Virtual Private Network) query’s.
· Experience in handling Priority Incidents.
Ticketing Tool: BMC Remedy user application
……………………………………………………………………………………….
Organization:  CSS Corp Pvt. Ltd.,		August 2015 to December 2016

Designation: Social Media Application Engineer (Parallels Desktop Virtualization) and RAS (Remote Application Server).

Technologies:  Desktop Virtualization (An integrated solution to virtualize Windows applications) and RAS (Remote Application Server).

Key Roles and Responsibilities:
                            As a Social Media Application Engineer, tasked with facilitating customer adaptation of 	Social Media Support channels, such as Twitter, Facebook and online forums.
·  Experience in managing calls on queue and handling escalation calls.
· Responsible for problem solving by applying the correct procedures and documentation.
· Processing support requests from customers via phone e-mail and chat.
· Communicate with the development team to provide possible solutions regarding customer issues.

Social Network Media Analytics Tools: LiveWorld & Hootsuite.
Technology Blogger at www.blog.parallels.com
………………………………………………………………………………………

Organization:  SITEL				December 2014-August2015

Designation: Technical Support Representative (Bell Canada- Internet Service Provider)
Key Roles and Responsibilities:  
                 Worked as a “Technical Support Representative” Providing Network troubleshooting to the customers.


1. We assist the customers in resolving the Network related troubles.
1. Providing support for establishing LAN and WAN connection.
1. Managing wireless settings and resolving the issues with the modems.
1. Configuring email account in email clients like Outlook and Windows mail.
1. Installing Anti Virus and configuring the network adaptors through remote support.


	AWARDS
&
RECOGNITIONS
	
Achieved “Best Agent Overall-Runner” in the category of “Quality” for the month of May 2015 and July 2015 while working as Technical Support Representative in SITEL India Limited, Chennai.

Achieved “Best Agent” in the category of “Quality” for the month of April 2016 at CSS Corp Pvt. Ltd.,

Achieved “STAR” award for the 3rd and 4th quarter for the year of 2017.

	


PERSONAL SKILLS

	

Comprehensive problem solving abilities, Ability to deal with people diplomatically, Willingness to learn, Team facilitator.   














































Declaration:	
	I hereby declare that all the details provided above are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
	
Place: Chennai                                                                                                                  yours truly,                                                                           Date:                                                                                                                                  Pradeep Raj R


