












































My Resume

Nalin Kanaiya Chavhan

Summary of Profile
· 10 years of experience in IT including 8+ years in Retail Banking domain - migration, implementation (Database & Software), Functional & Technical support, manual testing, customer support & training.
· Knowledge of Banking modules (Savings, Current, Term Deposit, Loans & Advances, Lockers, Bills, G.L. P & L, Trial Balance), worked for Central Bank of India, UCO bank, Allahabad bank.

· Knowledge of work with ORACLE using various Oracle tools/utilities like SQL*Plus, Import / Export, Data pump, OEM, TOAD, RMAN.

· Team lead with excellent interpersonal, analytical and communications skills.
Work Experience - Summary
	Company
	Yrs Months
	Domain

	GlobalTek Solutions
	1+ year
	IT Services

	Eyeglobal Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
	3 years & 2 months
	Retail Banking

	Zenith Infotech Limited
	2 years
	Retail Banking

	Pentasoft Technologies Limited
	3 years
	Retail Banking


Work Experience - Detailed

· Presently working with GlobalTek Solutions, Ahmedabad, Gujarat.

Job Profile: 
1. Working as a Working as a Team Leader. Coordinating with the fellow team members for any information to be given for the updates in the software. Consistently make proactive suggestions in regards to design changes, product placement, and overall content layout of application.
2. Coordinate appropriate IT training programs for staff, as and when required. Participating in pre- and post-release product testing and other product testing as necessary to ensure that company’s products meet the highest standard for client expectation.
3. To engage in projects and support the creation of detailed business requirements (functional, non-functional, operational, workflow and usability requirements) that will be owned by Solutions Management /Development/ Professional Services. Take ownership of business requirements and ensure these are aligned with business/customer needs.
4. Proactively collaborate with development, architecture and testing teams to  define and finalize requirements  through meetings/workshops etc…
5. Managing team, keeping proper records of purchase & maintenance of the software. Partner with account managers and sales teams on training opportunities, client demos, and accompany managers on client visits.

6. Partnering with and providing research & analysis support to development team members. Suggesting the clients about the customization of the systems and the Database, which would best suitable for their requirements or help easing their day to day operation. Providing guideline to the team members in database and software designing and changes.
· Worked with Eyeglobal Technologies Private Limited, Surat, Gujarat.
Job Profile: 
1. On site implementation, administration & support of the Banking software. Making clients in Banking domain (co-operative banks), computer hardware, third party software, other IT services. Coordinating with the development team for requirements of client & getting solutions for the same. Conduct training of client staff as well as team members for the software & its updates. 
2. Managing team, supply proper guidance to banks in selection of hardware purchase. Keeping proper records of purchase & maintenance of the software. Partner with Account Managers and Sales teams on training opportunities, client demos, and accompany Assistant Managers on client visits.

3. Contribute enhancement ideas to product and account management aimed at driving usage and in turn driving annual contract renewal increases. Work with third-party vendors with the goal of providing increasingly seamless services and support to clients, including identification of process and product enhancements to improve product offering. This includes developing customized solutions for specific clients to meet individual and specialized needs and deadlines.
· Worked with Zenith Infotech Limited, Ahmedabad, Gujarat.

Job Profile: 
1. On site implementation, administration & support of the Banking software developed by Zenith Infotech Limited back end as Oracle on Linux and front end as Visual Basic 6.0 for Central Bank of India and back end as SQL server and front end as Visual Basic 6.0 for Allhabad Bank. 
2. Handle 15 branches of central bank of India across Ahmedabad city. Staff management and collection of AMC payments. Manage incoming client based inquiries while proactively reaching out to clients to address outstanding issues and promote new product features and enhancements.

3. Partner with senior programmers on projects that improve and develop subject matter expertise. Provide independent on-call support to clients. Training the staff of Central Bank of India for new implementations & changes   updated in the software.
4. Gathering information about different modules of the bank, guiding the programmers at H.O. regarding the changes to be made as per requirements of the modules. 
· Worked with Pentasoft Technologies Limited, Rajkot, Gujarat.

Job Profile: 
1. On site implementation, administration & support of the Banking software developed by Pentasoft Technologies limited back end as Oracle on Unix and front end as PowerBuilder. 
2. Handle 10 branches of UCO bank & Allhabad Bank across different cities of Gujarat state. Training the staff of UCO Bank & Allhabad Bank at Saurashtra region in Gujarat for new implementations & changes updated in the software.

3. Manage incoming client based inquiries while proactively reaching out to clients to address outstanding issues. Partner with senior programmers on projects that improve and develop subject matter expertise. Provide independent on-call support to clients.
Technical skills
Languages: SQL, PL/SQL, VB 6.0

RDBMS: Oracle 10g, 9i, 8i, 8/ MSSQL 2000
Operating System: Windows 98/XP/7/ Win server 2000, 2003, Linux
Educational Qualification
· Bachelor of Commerce in 1997 from Gujarat University, L. J. Commerce College, Ahmedabad.
Other Certification(s) attended

· Visual Basic 6.0
· Oracle 8

· Oracle 10g - DBA

· Oracle 11g - RAC
Language Spoken Written

English, Hindi, Marathi, Gujarati.
Other Personal Details

Date of Birth:
January 15, 1977
Gender/M. S.:
Male / Married
Mobile:

+91- 83788- 45687
Email:

naleenchavan@gmail.com
Passport:

G8279559 

DOE: 08/07/2018

Pan Number:
AGBPC5999B

Address:

F-509 5th floor, IVORY, 

Next to RAISONI engineering college, 

BAIF road, Wagholi,

Pune – 412207
