












































Mohammed Osim
PRESENT ADDRESS:
Mhada 29, Ganesh Nagar,
Kandivali, Mumbai
Dist. - Maharashtra
Pin: 400067
Contact No - +91 8420769845 				       		           E-Mail: - Mohammadosim6@gmail.com
CAREER OBJECTIVE:
I want to be one of the best employees of the organization through my smart work, loyalty, honesty, sincerity & dedication. To secure a challenging position in an organization, where I can effectively contribute my skill and full potential as well as for the welfare, development and profitability with my skills which would help me to gain exposure and expertise a promising and successful career. 

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:   

	Name of the Examination
	Name of the
Board /University
	Name of the institution
	Year of Passing

	MBA in Finance
	NMIMS University
	Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies
	Pursuing


	CA-IPC
	ICAI
	Institute of Chartered Accountant of India
	Drop-out


	B. COM (ACCT HONS)
	UTKAL UNIVERSITY
	SVM (Auto) College
	2013

	+2 Commerce
	C.H.S.C, Orissa
	SVM Junior College
	2010

	10th
	B.S.E Orissa
	Srikrisha Academy

	2008



PERSONAL QUALIFICATION:
	Name of the Examination
	Name of the institution
	Year of Passing

	Good & Service Tax

	IIPTR
	2017

	PGDCA
	DIMIT
	2013











PROFESSIONAL EXPERINECE:

	Name of the Organisation:
	Rakesh Dugar & Associate (CA Firm)

	Department:
	Article ship 

	Duration:
	Feb 2015 to Mar 2016

	Designation:
	Accountant

	Job profile:
	· During my article ship period, I worked for a company Shree Venkatesh Devcon Pvt ltd (Real Estate), which was assigned by my Principal (CA).
· Maintaining ledger books of labour contractor & supplier.
· Maintaining cash, bank transaction and bank related work comprising all electronic transactions.
· Performing day-to-day accounting entry in Tally.
· Preparing Credit Note, Debit Note.
· Take care of vendor payment on time after invoice verification.
· Experienced in keeping the records of daily financial transactions and analysing the financial aspects of the organisation in Tally 7.2.
· Preparation of bank reconciliation on monthly basis.
· Preparation of debtors’ and creditors’ statements on weekly basis.
· Payment of all vendors and official expenses.
· Handling Service tax, VAT, TDS, Excise payments and return filing.
· Provide internal and external auditing report in MS Office.
· Valuation of company assets & liabilities and profit & loss account.
· Handling ledger accounts and keeping the check for any invoices or payments.
· Monthly, quarterly and annual financial report preparation.

	
	

	Name of the Organisation:
	Cadence International HR Solutions 

	Department:
	Finance

	Duration:
	March 2016 to March 2017

	Designation:
	Account Executive

	Job profile:
	· Day to day accounting entries pass in the Tally 7.2 and ERP9.
· Making of service bills to the party including all taxes.
· Follow up for collection from the debtors.
· Weekly bank reconciliation statement.
· Reconciliation the debtors statement and co-ordinate with 
Debtors.
· Payroll process with PT, TDS and Income tax.
· Financial report for monthly, quarterly, Half yearly and annually,
· Professional tax, PF, ESIC payment and return filling.
· Income tax return filling. TDS challan, return and certificate issue.
· Balance sheet finalisation with trading and profit & loss account.

	
	

	Name of the Organisation:
	Health Wheels Private Limited…(Dial4242)

	Department:
	Finance

	Duration:
	March 2017 till date

	Designation:
	Account Executive

	Job profile:
	1 - Day to day accounting entry in Tally ERP9 like (Journal, Receipt, Payment, Sale, Purchase and Contra).
2 - Reconciling bank statement at the end of the month
3 - Preparing reports on accounts payable and accounts receivable.
4 - Preparing cheques, cash and bank vouchers.
5 - Budget calculation as per previous data.
6 - Company financial status report to Directors (monthly, quarterly, half yearly and annually)
7 - Preparing monthly salary sheet and working on statutory dues like PF, ESIC, PT and TDS (Payment and Return Filling).
8 – Verifying reimbursement of employees (Sales) then payment.
9 - Handling of petty cash book on daily basis.
10 - GST calculation, Payment and Return filling GSTR 3B, GSTR 1.
11 - Balance sheet finalization.
12 - Calculating TDS of various contractors and others & making payment and return filling.
13 - Monthly preparation of PPT for Performance report of the organisation.
14 - Co-ordinating with chartered accountant for audit report (Monthly).


KEY SKILLS:                 Accounting (IND AS)
Tax- (Direct & Indirect)
Tally- (ERP9)
Ms office (2016)
HOBBIES:  
· Internet surfing, Listening Music, Reading books, Dancing and singing.

PERSONAL INFORMATION:

             Father’s Name	:  Mohammed Aquique
             Date of Birth	:  24/03/1993
             Religion	: Islam 	
      Marital Status	: Unmarried
      Language known	: Hindi, English, Odia and Bengali

DECLARATION: 
                                           I hereby declare that the information and facts furnished above are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.
DATE:     __    /        /____
PLACE: ______________							Signature
