














































  

 
      
       Key Skills 

Profile Summary 
 

● A goal-oriented professional with Experience and Interest in Talent 

Acquisition, Learning and Organizational Development, HR Operations,   

SAP– HR ( Success Factor), Sum Total (LMS), Employee Engagement, 

Performance Management, Statutory Compliances, General 

Administration & Corporate Social Responsibility. 

● Currently associated with Sun Pharma Pvt. Ltd., Dahej as HRBP -Learning 

and Organizational Development. 
● A performance-driven professional offering experience in devising and 

effectuating Learning and Organization Development strategies, HR policies, 

systems and practices. 
● Driving strategic learning and development through robust and rigorous  

solutions, enabling individuals, teams, and organizations to achieve 

extraordinary results by creating and environment of training, education and 

awareness. 

● Directed the entire gamut of Human Resource functions for workforce 

including talent acquisition, employee relations, training, performance 

management, retention & development and benefits 
● Designed and implemented a holistic HR interventions to meet short term & 

long term business challenges with focus on the following key areas such as  

talent & leadership, culture & values, engagement & connect, supervisory  

capability, productivity & cost 
● A strategic planner with proficiency in streamlining business operations,  

defining continuous improvement processes, accelerating employees’  

strengths & working with team(s) to conquer any obstacles 

 

  Soft Skills 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 

Talent Acquisition and Retention 

HR Operations 

Employee Engagement & Welfare 

Performance Management 

Industrial Relations and Statutory 
Compliances 

Learning and Organizational Development 

Corporate Social Responsibility 

General Administration 

 

Mohit Dutta 

Result-oriented professional seeking to be a part of an organization that provides a 

nurturing environment, helping me to realize my full potential for further 

enhancement in my professional skills and utilization of my skills and ability to work 

for the growth of an organization. Targeting management level assignments in HR 

Business Partner with a reputed organization  
 

 

 

 

 

+91-9878238759                                                     dmohit1@gmail.com 

   

 
Change Agent               

 
Collaborator 

 
Communicator 

 

Active Listener 

 

 
Planner 



  Career Timeline 
 

                     
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
         Work Experience 
 
Since Dec’17 Sun Pharma  Ltd., Dahej as HRBP- Learning and Organizational Development 

 
Key Result Areas: 

 Delivering quality hiring by steering talent sourcing within allocated budgets / time frame including synchronizing with 
the Co-operate TA Team, shortlisting the candidates, scheduling interviews & participating in interviews. 

 Change Agent: ensuring that the new processes, procedures, structures, etc., are impl emented in ways that deliver the 
expected value that the organizational change wants to produce with help of unit head and other executives. 

 Guiding the employees regarding the HR policies and to communicate any changes from time to time. 
 Encouraging team work and focusing on team building by assisting the Unit Heads in recognizing non - corrective 

behaviour, through personal interactions and conducting training & workshops. 
 Conducting regular feedbacks and checking effectiveness of trainings and trainers to maintain a culture of training.  
 Coordinating with the employees to guide them so as to ensure a culture of trust & also to pre-empt problems 
 Pivotal in taking various ini tiatives for strategies like Town Hall concept and coordinating between various Workers 

Benefit committees like Canteen, Transport,& overall QWL by ensuring clean and hygienic environment 
 Operational Excellence: Scheduling and conducting quarterly meetings to recognize the place and rolling-out the 

agreed developmental works.  
 Conducting HR Helpdesk, Skip level & coffee with Quality and Site Head on bimonthly basis.  
 Envisioning the development of new initiatives like consolidating events and visiting the places where we are doing 

our CSR work and engaging employees to participate voluntarily for a noble cause. 
 

Highlights: 
 

 Played a key role in the roll-out of LMS (Learning Management System) by Sum Total. 
 Working as a SPOC for all training related activities. 
 Organized and executive employee engagement in the company that will help in bonding with other colleagues  and 

regularly conducting employee engagement activities under the “back to School” initiative.  
 Focused on reducing attri tion less than 15 % through effective employee referral programs, proactive policies, open 

communications. 
 Roll out of new PMS software (One HR), Salary review tool, Recruitment module and completing activities related 

to it within the established timeframe.  
 Re-Introducing suggestion scheme for more and active participation from employees and preparing action plan for the 

implementation on the feedback received.  
 Business Strategist & Turnaround Management Expert:  Employee Satisfaction Survey in the company; prepared 

action plan for the improvement based on the feedback received. 
 Employee Engagement – Successfully organized employee engagement events in the company such as  Monthly visit to 

orphanage, Joy of Giving week, Monthly Birthday bash, Annual Cricket tournament. 
 Completing all activities related to performance appraisal with the predefined timeframe.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Sep’16 - Dec’17 

Sentiss Pharma 

Pvt. Ltd., Baddi 

Since Dec’17 

Sun Pharma Ltd., Dahej 

Sep’15 – Feb’ 16 (Training) 

1) Manpower Group 

2) Abbott Healthcare Pvt. Ltd. 



  Previous Experience 
 
Since Sep’16  Sentiss Pharma Pvt. Ltd., Baddi as Executive – HR & Admin. 
 

Key Result Areas: 
 

 Guiding the employees regarding the HR policies and to communicate any changes from time to time 
 

 Encouraging team work and focusing on team building by assisting the Unit Heads in recognizing non - corrective 
behaviour, through personal interactions, training and workshops  

 Coordinating with the employees to guide them so as to ensure a culture of trust & also to pre-empt problems 
 Providing the employees with Workers Benefit Schemes like Canteen facilities, medical benefits, overall QWL by ensuring 

clean and hygienic environment. 
 To roll-out SAP HR (Sucessfactor) in the defined timeline. 
 Coordinating and Follow up with various departments for the setting up and submitting of goals in Performance 

Management System (Sucessfactor). 
 Faced regulatory audits by USFDA, Ukraine, ISO, E&Y, Deloitte in manufacturing unit with no major observation. 
 Scheduling and conducting quarterly  & Monthly  meetings with all department Heads  in rolling-out the agreed  

developmental works. 
 Envisioning the development of new initiatives like consolidating events and visiting the places where we are doing 

our CSR work and engaging employees to participate voluntarily for a noble cause 
 
 

 Core Competencies 

 Learning & Development 
 

 Training need identification through Focussed Group Discussions with various Department heads. 
 Training delivery: By ensuring effectiveness of Behavioural and functional trainings with constant feedback and follow 

ups. 
 Training plan execution: Organising training on functional areas, behavioural areas, leadership development, soft skills 

and other leadership development programs, identifying the l earning gaps of associates and planning trainings to address 
the same. 

 Training database management: Regularly updating the training records on the Learning management system and the 
relevant training material.  

 Evaluating effectiveness of learning and development programs and utilising relevant evaluation data to revise or 
recommend changes in instructional objectives and methods. 

 Annual Individual Development Plans. 
 Introducing new team members with the HR Policies and Presenting the Induction Presentation.  

 
 

 Employees Engagement 
 

 Gallup Engagement survey administration and action planning. 
 Managing welfare measures, team building, etc. to enhance motivation levels and productivity; organizing employee 

encouragement programmes. 
 Deploying Employee communication through multiple suggestion and Helpdesk Schemes. 
 Execution and Maintaining of Reward and Recognition programs. 
 Adept in handling disciplinary matters and also organizing and holding enquiries and implementing disciplinary action.  
 Ensuring 2 Man-days of SEVA (CSR) from each department and HODs. 

 
 Performance Appraisal 

 
 Making sure that the new team members goals are submitted and approved by the department head.  
 Getting the promotion forms filled by making sure those meet the promotion criteria. 
 Data management. 
 Online system support. 
 Assist in ensuring the quality of KRAs & specific measurement criteria. 

 
 Talent Acquisition 
 Managing end-to-end recruitment function. Managing joining formalities for permanent staff. 
 Managing and building new and effective recruitment sources, assist in arranging interviews and issuing offer Letter. 

 



  Notable Accomplishments Across The Career 
 

 Played a key role and worked as lead Location Training coordinator (Site super user) for the implementation and roll out of 
learning management system (Sum Total). 

 Played a key role as a team member in the implementation and roll outs of Sucessfactor (SAP) HR Employee Central, PMS, On 
boarding and LMS module for the HR Department. 

 Engaged in : 
o Master data maintenance in SAP HR that includes transfer, promotion, Separation are in line with HR policy 

documentation. 
o Designing PMS awareness events and ensure effective execution. 

 
 Motivated the right culture in the organization in line with the Corporate Values “Humility, Integrity, Innovation Passion”. 
 Assist in quality checks of PMS Goal Setting, Mid-year and year-end review on line in PMS Module (OneHR, Sucessfactor). 
 Safeguarded that all the statutory requirements as per the labour laws/rul es (Employment Exchange, PF, ESIC, Contract 

Labour Act, Bonus) applicable to the unit are met & within the timeframes set. 
 Organized and executive employee engagement in the company that will help in bonding with other colleagues . 

 

Education  
 

 M.B.A. (Human Resources) from Chitkara Business School, Rajpura in 2016 with Winter Semester from Cologne Business 
School, - Cologne, Germany. 
 

 Training in manpower group services for 6 months, and 3 months training experience in Sap system and HR operation 
from Abbott Healthcare Pvt. Ltd.  
 

 B.B.A. from Chitkara Business School, Rajpura in 2014. 
 

 Project on Competency Mapping from New York Max Life Ltd. 

 

Personal Details 
 
Date of Birth:                                      1st January 1992 
 
Languages Known:                           English, Hindi and German (Level A-2) 
 
Address :                                             #404, GHS-93,  
                                                               Sector-20, Panchkula,  
                                                               Haryana - 134109 
 

 

 


