










































CURRICULUM VITAE

CURRICULUM VITAE

P.Venkata Sreenivas







D.NO:8-20(5),

  Lawyer Pet, Ongole.                                                               Venkatasreenivas46@gmail.com

  Prakasam [Dist], A.P. 523002                                                  phone no: 9505566217


Objective:

      Seeking a responsible post with an opportunity for professional challenge and growth to support and enhance co-operative objectives of the company.

Achievements:

· Organized National Level Man Meet Programmer in II Semester of MBA as a young Manager Organizer.

· Having First Prize in quiz competition in college level

Education:
	Schooling & Graduation
	Institution
	Percentage
	Year of Completed

	MBA in

finance & MARKETING
	Rise School Of Management Studies
	72.36
	2011

	Bachelor of Science in computers                   
	S.S.N Degree College, Ongole.
	70.59
	2009

	Intermediate                        
	Tejaswini Junior College
	60.00
	2006

	S.S.C
	Prasanthi School
	65.24
	2003


Work Experience:
Company:  Reebok

Designation: Sales Man
Period : July 2011 to Sep 2011

Company Profile:

Reebok is an American-inspired, global brand that creates and markets sports and lifestyle products built upon a strong heritage and authenticity in sports, fitness and women’s categories. The brand is committed to designing products and marketing programs that reflect creativity and the desire to constantly challenge the status quo.
Reebok is dedicated to providing each and every athlete - from professional athletes to recreational runners to kids on the playground - with the opportunity, the products, and the inspiration to achieve what they are capable of. We all have the potential to do great things. As a brand, Reebok has the unique opportunity to help consumers, athletes and artists, partners and employees fulfill their true potential and reach heights they may have thought un-reachable.
My Roles:
· Vast experience in retail store designing for different themes and products including seasonal designs
· Increasing Sales in showroom

· Learning New things every day

· Highly creative and passionate to deliver unique design to satisfy client's requirement
· Excellent communication, organizational and multitasking skills
· Keeping up-to-date with all current promotions within the store.
Company:       JUSTCALLUS

Designation:  B.D.O
Period :  Sep -2011 to still working
Company Profile:
 “Just call us” gives you and your business an added tool to expand your operations. Being a businessman you will find definitely looks for more customers.

 The main purpose of “JUST CALL US” is to provide genuine information to the callers in a single click/call and to fulfill all his needs within reach of in an easy way.

 General public and Business people constantly look out for a genuine kind of service and immediately what strikes to them is to enquire over the phone and JUST CALL US fulfils their query at its best...!

We wouldn't want you to lose a prospective customer if you are with us...! we are the source of right information.. We are too glad to be a part off with your details to the users...!

To provide genuine and useful information to the users in a single call/click and to fulfill all the needs of the user within reach of them in a easy way
Roles:

· Achieving sale targets what company gives target for us.
· Improving Business and joined customers in our company
· Learning new things 
· Daily Update what I did every day

Technical Skills:
· ERP                              :  SAP R/3  SAP-SD Like Enterprise structure,Order,Delivery.Billing 

· ETL Tool                      : SAS -- Basis, Sql, Statistics. 
Major Project:
· Title


:
 “Consumer Behavior For Online Ad-offer” 
· Organization Name
:  
  Leo Labs Pvt Ltd, Hyderabad. 
· Duration                        :              2 months
Personal Vitae: 

Date of Birth

:
10th November, 1988
Sex 


: 
Male
Nationality

:
Indian

Language Known   
:            English, Telugu 
Marital Status

:
Single
Date:                   



   

                 
                                                                                                                (P.Venkata Sreenivas)
Place:






