
















































CURRICULUM VITAE


 

Lusi Sardar 
 

 

Email:riab391@gmail.com 
Skype Name :riab391 
 

Contact No: 
Mobile : +91 7019913049 

 

 

      

 
Languages Known 
 
Read: English, Hindi. 

Speak: English, Bengali, Kannada 

Hindi. 

 

 
  
 
 
 
 

 Personal Information 

 
Age & DOB : 25, 10.01.1993 

Nationality : Indian 

Marital Status : Married 

Hobbies  : Painting, Dancing, Reading, 

Listening music, Travelling Etc. 

 
 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Objective 
 

Administrative support professional offering versatile admin 

management skills and Strong planner and problem solver who 

readily adapts to change, works independently and exceeds 

expectations. Able to juggle multiple priorities and meet tight 

deadlines without compromising quality. 

                

Executive Summary 
                

 

Proactive IT Administrative 1 years of progressively responsible 

experience supporting multiple professionals. Strong 

organizational skills and an ability to manage multiple 

competing priorities and projects with attention to detail. 

Performs well with a variety of disciplines while remaining 

effective in a high-volume start-up environment with demanding 

workloads. 

 

 

Core Qualification 

 

 System Administration : Troubleshooting and 

maintenance, data center team coordination, product 

support, special projects, maintenance 

 Documentation: Project documentation, processes, 

diagrams, maintenance instructions/directions, user 

manuals. 

 Project Lead: Team coordination, schedules, task 

assignments, and project follow-up. 

 Interact professionally with all levels of staff and 

maintain the highest level of confidentiality known for 

tact and diplomacy in handling sensitive issues. 

 Excellent ability to troubleshoot and work with clients to 

solve problems or find solutions to requests. 

 Ability to work well under pressure to meet hard 

deadlines and stay within budget while still being able to 

provide clients with exactly what they want. 

 Develop exceptional relationships with co-workers, 

management and end users. 

 

 

 

mailto:riab391@gmail.com


 

 

 

 

Residential Address 

 
  Miss Lusi Sardar. 

# FF5 ,”Srikanth Enclave” 

9th Cross Rd, Abbaiah Reddy Layout, 

Vignan Nagar, Doddanekundi, 

Kaggadasapura, Bengaluru, 

Karnataka - 560093 

 

 

 

 

 

 
STRENGTH: 

 Punctual and self Disciplined. 

 Ability to learn and adapt 

quickly to new Process. 

 Excellent interpersonal 

relationship. 

 Smart working Team Player. 

 Good communication Skills 

 Planning and Organizing 

Skills. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Work Experience  

IT Administration  - Maylari Agro Products ltd 

15/02/2017 - till date 

 

 Conduct network troubleshooting to segregate and 

identify general network problems. 

 Support Online Circular production applicable processes. 

 Maintain all local software and hardware licensing to 

ensure conformance. 

 Support determination of local and customer needs for 

yearly budgeting process and request for proposal 

processes. 

 Perform with UPS to manage all UPS workstations along 

with existing and operational printers. 

 Perform as back-up support on entire workflow systems 

for Ad Print and Production Services. 

 Support in workflow evaluation and improvement. 

 Maintain server, upgrade, secure, system backups and 

disaster recovery preparation. 

 Support implementation and planning of deletions, 

additions and major changes to support regional 

infrastructure. 

 Recommend software and hardware solutions comprising 

of upgrades and new acquisitions. 

 Install software, maintain and introduce training as 

needed. 

 Maintain and secure passwords, file system security and 

data integrity for desktop environment. 

 Maintain and update documentation of procedures and 

configurations. 

 Manage entire purchase of inventory related to hardware, 

software and other IT supplies. 

 Develop and maintain vendor relations. 

 

Professional Qualifications 
 

 Master of Computer Application (MCA) @ East West 

Institute of Technology, Bangalore, Karnataka, India, 

Visvesvaraya Technology University. (From 2013-

2016), 77.93% 

 

 Bachelor of Computer Application (BCA) @ S.J.R 

College for Women’s, Bangalore, Karnataka, India, 

Bangalore University. (From 2010-2013), 72.87% 

 

 

Academic qualifications 
 

 Per University Education (PUC) Certificate 

examination 2010 @ MLA PU college for women’s, 

MALLESHWARM, BANGALORE, KARNATAKA, 44.3% 

 

 All India Senior School (SSLC) Certificate Examination 

2008 @ Space Central School, SHAR, Shriharikota, 

Nellore, AP, CBSE 61.80%          



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

                                                                           

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

PARICIPATION AND SEMINARS 

 Participated & Special appreciation in National level 

seminar on “Aryabhatta to chandrayaan-1”2007 Held at 

AERONAUTICAL SOCIETY OF INDIA, DRDO, 

Hyderabad Branch. 

 “PARYAVARAN RATNA AWARD” and 

“VANYAJEEVAN RATNA AWARD” in exanimation 

conducted by the Indian Centre for Wildlife & 

Environmental Studies in South Asia Region2006 and 

2007 respectively 

 

                            

 
 

 

DECLARATION 

 

 
       I hereby assure you that all the above-furnished details 
are true to the best of my knowledge. I assure that I will do 
my best towards the growth of the organization. 
 

 
Thanking you, 

 

 

 

Place:   Bangalore                      Yours Faithfully, 

 

                                                                                                    

Date:  03/04/2018                                            Lusi Sardar 
                             

 
 

 


