









































  Date: 31/10/2017 

 
 

Sub: Application for Suitable Position 

 

 
 

 

Dear Sir/Madam, 
 

 

Please allow me to present my candidature for a suitable post in your esteemed organization. I am an 
Engineer by Profession in Electronics & Communication, possessing good experience in the field of 

Project development, management of Engineering, Planning and designing of Fiber network, working 

with Reliance Jio Infocomm Ltd. I am open to an assignment, which offers excellent opportunity for 

career growth and development. 
 

I would highly appreciate your time in reviewing my attached credentials, and if found suitable to your 

requirements, may please be advised to present myself in person. 
 

 

 
Thanking you. 

 

Sincerely yours, 

 
Manzil Patel 

 

 
 

 

 

 
 

 

 
 

 

 
 

 

 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 

Personal Details: -                                                                   Address for Communication: - 

 
Date of Birth: - 13 OCT 1993                                                                         11/A, Evergreen Bung., 
Sex: - MALE                                                                                                    Bh. Kabir Enclave, 
Father’s name: - Dasharathbhai Patel                                                          Ghuma, 

Marital Status: - Single                                                                                  Ahmedabad-380058 
Mother Tongue: - Gujarati 
Nationality: - INDIAN                                                                                    Contact No: - 
Language Known: -                                                                                        +919601861171 

 English 
 Hindi                                                                                                   E-mail: - 
 Gujarati                                                                                               manzilpatel55@gmail.com 

 

 

    
       

    To seek a challenging career in a progressive organization where there is a scope for                                      

lucrative growth.                                         

   A Learner for Life. 
 

    

 

  
 

 FTTx Network Planning and engineering in Telecom Network. 

 Use of various planning related software like GIS (Geographical Information System), 

AutoCAD, and ARC map. 

 Preparing RFC (Ready for Construction), ODN (Optical Distribution Network), Civil 

Plan for FTTx serving Area. 

 Preparing Splice plan, feeder and distribution plan, BOM (billing of material), BOQ 

(billing of quantity). 

 Mapping Geographical contents (Road network, Buildings, Existing wireline 

connection, Manholes, hand holes, EnodB etc.) from GIS server to AutoCAD. 

 Fiber Connectivity from OLT (Optical Line Terminal) to Consumer and Enterprise 

buildings.  

 Surveying of various FTTx serving areas for FTTx Planning. 

 Co-ordination with various Vendor companies for Tower installation and Construction. 

 

DEGREE 

 

NAME OF INSTITUTE 

 

UNIVERSITY 

/ BOARD 

 

YEAR OF 

PASSING 

 

PERCENTAGE 

 

B.E. in 

Electronics & 
Communication 

Alpha College of Eng. and 

Technology, Khatraj 

 

G.T.U. 

 

2015 

 

6.25 CGPA 

 

H.S.C. 

(SCIENCE) 

 

Shree Narayana Guru 

Vidhyalaya Satellite 

AHMEDABAD 

 

G.H.S.E.B 

 

2011 

 

66% 
 

 

 

S.S.C. 

 

Kameshwar Vidhyalaya  

Satellite AHMEDABAD 

 

G.S.E.B. 

 

2009 

 

79.69% 

Key SKILLS 
 

Academic Chronicle 

Objective 

MANZIL PATEL 

B.E. (Electronics & Communication) 



 
  

 

  Company: Reliance Jio Infocomm LTD., Ahmedabad, Gujarat 

  Position  : Network Planning Lead, Wireline 

  Period     : From DEC-2016 to Till Date 

 

 Working with Reliance Jio in FTTx Planning Department. Completed around 25000 

Home Pass Fiber Connectivity with 6F Fiber in Ahmedabad. 

 Handling End to End connectivity of all types of different Fibers like 6F, 12F, 48F, 

96F. 

 Doing FTTx survey of major areas of Ahmedabad and preparing RFC (Ready for 

Construction) design for same Areas using AutoCAD and GIS MAP. 

 Mapping Road network, Buildings, Existing wireline connection, Manholes, hand 

holes, EnodB of FTTx Serving Area. 

 Clustering of Building’s based on Consumer Counts. 

 Splitter/Equipment Staging. 

 Feeder ring planning using Existing routes/Sites based on the consumers available 

and to be connected. 

 Distribution routing for optimum utilization of network resources and technical 

feasibility. 

 Placement of infrastructure & Telco Features based on the planning carried out in 

above steps. 

 Clustering of S1 & S2 Splitter based on the capacity of the equipment and consumers 

getting feed from them. 

 96F/48F fiber connectivity from OLT (Optical Line Terminal) to FDC/S1 splitter (1:8). 

 24F/12F fiber connectivity from FDC/S1 splitter (1:8) to FAT/S2 splitter (2:8) along 

with existing wireline network. 

 Core Assignment Feeder & Distribution Plans. 

 Distribution, Drop cable and Feeder Path Diagram & Feeder Cable consideration. 

 Preparation of BOQ and BOM. 

 Preparation of Splice Plan. 

 Calculation of KPI, PON fill factor, Customer fill factor.  

 Preparing all kinds of planning and construction drawings for Optical Fiber Network 

Rollout.  

 Done various Tower type installation of Bisector, Single band and Multiband Antennas 

for Reliance 4G Rollout. 

 Coordinated with various vendor companies of Reliance Jio for same project. 

 

  Firm: Choice Electricals, Bopal, Ahmedabad 

  Period: From June-2015 to DEC-2016 

 

 Assemble, install, test, and maintain electrical wiring, equipment, appliances. 

 Responsible for all aspects of underground work including cable pulling, wall 

clamping, installing instruments, small power and lighting. 

 Connectivity of wires to circuit breaker, ELCB, or other component. 

 Has an experience of Single Phase wireline connectivity.  

 

  

Experience Summary and Present Working 



 

 

 Microcontroller Based fully automatic metro train. 
  

 

  
 

 Industrial Automation 

 Digital Electronics 

 Telecommunication 

 Network Planning 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  Date:-__\__\__17 

 

  Place: - Ahmedabad                                                                             (Manzil Patel) 

Key Interest 

Project Undertaken 


