










































CIRRICULUM VIATE

CURRICULUM VIATE
Mr. Ajesh Viswanathan

Thenguvilayil 
(H) ,                  


Disability: Hard of Hearing
Cherukunnam,
 



            Email: ajeshfic@gmail.com
Thekkekara panchayath (P.O)


            Mob: 09847874384 (SMS only)
Mavelikara, kerala

Pincode - 690107

CAREER OBJECTIVE:
To be a part of professional organization and enhance my knowledge, skills and competencies for the welfare of the organization.

PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION:
	QUALIFICATION
	NAME OF INSTITUTION
	BOARD / UNIVERSITY
	YEAR  OF PASS
	PERCENTAGE

	Diploma in Computer Science & Engineering
	JSS Polytechnic for the Physically Handicapped, Mysore
	Board of Technical Education
	2007
	55.66%

	Higher Secondary Education
	C.S.I.H.S for the Partially Hearing, Kerala
	Board of Secondary Education
	2004
	57%

	S.S.L.C
	C.S.I.H.S for the Partially Hearing, Kerala
	Board of Secondary Education
	2002
	87%


COMPUTER SKILLS:


Programming Languages
: C, C++, VB
 


Operating System

: MS-DOS/Windows 98/2000/XP


Database System

: MS-Excel


Package


: MS-Office
STRENGTH:
Approach optimistic, Hard Working, Never to quiet, Faith in God, Possess good leadership qualities, Adaptable to various Situations analytical and logical reasoning and problem solving, Time management, Self Confidence, Positive Attitude. 

Duties and Accomplishments:
· 
Processing of the Mortgage loan documents.

·           Providing floor support and clarifying about the process.

Employment History:

The overall experience in BPO Industries is 8 years and 4 months.

Currently working in Cognizant Global Service Private ltd.,
Here am working as a Senior Process Associate & Nature of the work is purely based on Mortgage.
A) Helping the team to give more production with good RPH.

B) Maintaining the reports like Updating report, Weekly, Monthly reports.

Work details 

New Loan Setup- TAX (NLSU) for PHH mortgage customer.

Responsible for completing tax reviews for phh Mortgage Customer. Where we are responsible to setup tax liens for all those new loans which is contracted by PHH Mortgage client in Fidelity application. We verify the details of the work order between the client software and company software and route the work the order to different folders. Responsible for maintaining at most quality to ensure smooth follow of procedures to enhance customer and client experience.

Bill ID:

Responsibility of the Bill ID unit to determine which bill types are to be processed for cases to be opened. According to the bills As per the Matrix (which is provided by client) will segregate the bill in to different department.

Find the loan number and analyze the correct bill type and indexing in BPM application.

Checking Indexing.

Indexing the check details(check amount, check date, State code, payee name and payable to) in BPM from the scanned image.

PERSONAL DETAILS:

Name


: Ajesh Viswanathan

            Father’s name

: T.K.Viswanathan

            Gender


: Male

            Date of Birth

: 18/11/1984

            Language known
: English (read & write), Malayalam

            Nature of Disability
: Hard of Hearing
    
Marital Status

: Single

  
Phone Number
: 09847874384 (SMS only)

Permanent Address
: Thenguvilayil (H),





  Chrukunnam, Thekkekara panchayath (P.O)





  Mavelikara-7, Alappuzhar (Dist), Kerala

Temporary Address
:
.


Hobbies

: Painting and Table Tennis

Declaration:

                I hereby declare that all the above furnished statements are correct and true to the best of my knowledge. And I assure that if an opportunity given to work in your esteem organization. I would satisfy you by giving the best of my power and knowledge.                                                                             

Place: 
Date:  
                                                                                          (Ajesh Vishwanathan)
