















































COVER   LETTER 
 

YOGESH   D.   NAKHARE 

ynakhare1992@gmail.com   

ynakhare173327@yahoo.co.in   

+919158454062     

+918668826797 

 

 

Dear   Hiring   Manager,  

 I'm   applying   for   a   current   management   position   at   your   company.   Based   on   

the   posted description, I'm   confident   that   I   am   fully   qualified   for   the   position   and   

will   be   a   strong   addition   to your   team.   I   would   appreciate   a   job   interview   at   your   

earliest   convenience.   

 

Please   find   my   resume   attached.   

 

I   can   be   reached   at   the   number   above   or   at   my   email   address.         

 

 

Sincerely,  

YOGESH   D.   NAKHARE  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

 

Yogesh   Dattatraya   Nakhare  

560/11, Solapur   Cooperative   Housing   Society,   

South   Sadar   Bazar,   Saat   Rasta,   Solapur-413003  

+919158454062   

+918668826797 

ynakhare1992@gmail.com 

ynakhare173327@yahoo.co.in  

Objective  

Seeking   a   position   of   Accounts Manager   for   utilizing   extensive   background   in   

Accounting and Cost   Accounting   along   with   critical   thinking   skills   in   order   to   provide   

the   company   with   the highest level of strategic services.  

Expertise  

● SAP General Ledger Accounting     ● SAP Accounts Receivable 

● Tally. ERP 9         ● MS-EXCEL 

● Balance Sheet Finalization     ● MIS Reports 

● Inventory Valuation      ● Costing    

● MEIS Incentive       ● Forex Realization 

● Forward Booking       ● Hedging / Forex    

● Tax   Returns         ● Tax   Audit   

● Knowledge of GST      ● Tax Base, Genius   

● Knowledge   of   Financial Management       

 

 

  

 

 

 



 

Work Experience 

   Precision   Camshafts Ltd.  – Teammate Accounts & Finance  

   (Currently   working   here   from   9th   July   2017   to   Present) 

● Preparation of all financial report including Profit and Loss Account, Balance sheet as well as  

    year end financial reports. 

● Preparation of MIS Reports. 

● General Ledger Accounting in SAP, Accounts Receivable in SAP. 

● Provide timely explanations of variances between actual results & budgets; provide corrective  

    action recommendations to management, where necessary.   

● Preparation of Inventory Valuation report; along with cost benefit analysis. 

● Responsible for all necessary compliance of Export bills as per RBI guideline, such as  

   resolving authorized dealer related issues  

● Forex strategies to hedge the foreign exchange risk. 

● Provide timely report on MEIS Incentive. 

● Lead & manages of process of FEMA, ODI, write off of Export Bill Compliance as per RBI 

Guideline. 

● Special projects as needed.    

    G. G. Borgaonkar   &   Co.   Solapur -   Article   Assistant 

    (5 years including   3   years   of   articleship ) 

● Preparation of all financial report including Profit and Loss Account, Balance sheet as well as  

    year end financial reports. 

● Preparation of Tax schedules & coordinate tax work papers for tax group and tax audit 

● Worked   on   ERP   system   of   Jewellery   Business   .   

● Worked   with   Apte   Jeweller’s  Group   

● Worked   on   Stock   Audit   

● Analyze monthly   department budgeting   and   accounting   reports   to   maintain      

   expenditure controls.     

● Checking and verification of Internal Control System of a entity and its organization. 



 

 Education  

 ● Bachelor of Commerce with Cost Accounting Specialization - Qualified with First Class  

    University   of   Pune   - May   2013     

● CA   -   IPCE - Successfully   Passed  

    The   Institute   of   Chartered   Accountant   of   India   -May   2012 

• Currently concentrating   on   CA   Final   Examination.    

     

Personal Profile  

Date   of   Birth -   30/06/1992  

Gender              - Male  

Marital   Status - Single  

Permanent Address -   560/11,Solapur co operative  housing society,    

                                     South Sadar Bazar, Sat rasta,  Solapur  -413003         

 

 

I   hereby   declare   that   the   above   information   is   true   to   the   best   of   my   knowledge   

and   belief.     

Place   :    

 

 

Yogesh   Nakhare    


