
















































		                                                                                                                                                                 RESUME
	2018




 (
Address:
Gayatri Nagar
, 
Near High School,
Paliyad, Dist 
–
 Botad
,
Pin – 
364720,
Gujarat. 
) (
Ravindra Pithava
MCA (Master of Computer Application)
E-Mail: ravipithava1992@gmail.com
Mobile: +91-9558248828
)			









Summary
· Around 2 years of experience in Java, Android Application and Technical Support.
· Proficient in writing application using Java.
· Implemented Connectivity to databases using SQLite, MySQL and Oracle.
· Knowledge in writing Mobile application using Java & android.
· Have good knowledge in Coding Standards.

Skill Set 
	Areas
	Technology / Products

	Areas of Specialization
	Core Java, java script, Android Application, C, C++, PHP.

	Internet
	HTML, CSS ,

	Database  
	MySQL , SQLite , Oracle,

	GUI
	Swings, JSP/Servlet ,HTML ,CSS , JQuery,

	Languages
	Java , C , C++, PHP ,

	Operating Systems
	MS-DOS, Windows NT/2000/XP , 08, Linux,

		
	

	
	

	JAVA IDE’s
	Android Studio, Eclipse , Net Beans IDE,


	Other
	MS Word, MS Excel, MS Power Point.




Strengths
· Good Communication and Analytical Skills.
· Perseverance and fast learning ability.
· Highly committed and involved in any assignment that I take up.
· Has the motivation to take independent responsibility as well as ability to contribute and be a productive team member.
· Innovative and enthusiastic.

Area Of Interest

· Website Development.
· Application Development.
· Technical Support.



Professional Experience
· Worked as Android developer at Node Solution- Ahmedabad, For 6 Months Training Period of time.  

· From 13/07/2016 to 12/05/2018, worked as Management Trainee with Deendayal Port Trust (formerly known as Kandla Port Trust), India’s number one Major Port and reporting to Sr. Dy. Director (EDP).  I was entrusted the task of Managing the mission critical help desk for Port Users (Customers of the Port), who were transacting through Port Community System (PCS).  Within two years 95% of all Port related income is now transacted through Port Community System, for which the back end services by the help desk had a crucial role.   The responsibility included, checking the queries with Port Community System helpdesk at Delhi, Parsers, Oracle Database, writing SQL scripts for troubleshooting, ensuring service level are maintained for the Port Users etc.  I also got an opportunity with administrative rights to manage the Aadhar Based Attendance system of the Port.  Further, a Android application was developed by me for Deendayal Port Trust, which was highly appreciated by Sr. Dy. Director (EDP) of Deendayal Port Trust.
Project Details
[1] Project Title		: Slam Book (Social Networking Site)
Language		: PHP & MySQL
Team Member		: 2

[2]Project Title		: Work Reminder System
Company Name		: Node Solution PVT LTD, Ahmedabad
Front End		: Android and Java
Back End		: SQLite and MySQL

[3]Project Title		: Deendayal Port Trust eSeva (Android App)
Organization Name	: Deendayal Port Trust, Gandhidham
Front End		: Android and Java
Back End		: SQLite, Firebase Database & Web Services 

[4]Project Title		: Java XML Parser
Organization Name	: Deendayal Port Trust, Gandhidham
Front End		: Core Java
Back End		: Oracle

Educational Details
[1]Master of Computer Application
College Name	: L.J Institute of Computer Application
University	: Gujarat Technological University, Ahmedabad
CGPA		: 8.06	

[2] Bachelor of Computer Application
College Name	: Adarsh B.C.A College, Botad
University	: Maharaja Krishnakumarsinhji Bhavnagar University, Bhavnagar, Gujarat
Percentage	: 65.96%

[3] H.S.C (12th)	
School Name	: Shree P.V Doshi School, Botad
Board		: G.S.H.S.E.B., Gandhinagar, Gujarat
Percentage	: 72.00%
		
[4] S.S.C (10th)	
School Name	: Shree V.S.Z High School, Paliyad
Board		: G.S.H.S.E.B., Gandhinagar, Gujarat
Percentage	: 67.23%
References
[1] Mr. Ajay Gupta
Sr. Dy. Director (EDP),
Deendayal Port Trust,
Gandhidham, kutch-370201,
Mobile No: 9825227095.

[2] Mr. K.B Pandey
System Analyst (EDP),
Deendayal Port Trust,
Gandhidham, kutch-370201,
Mobile No: 9426737571.

Personal Details
Name			: Ravindra Kanaiyalal Pithava
Contact No		: 9558248828
Date of Birth		: 2th-SEP-1992
Gender			: Male
Language Known	: English, Hindi, Gujarati
Marital Status		: Single
Nationality		: Indian
Skill and Hobbies	: Do the New, Listening Music, Traveling


Declaration:

	I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars.



										Yours’ Faithfully,


Place: Paliyad									(Ravindra Pithava)
Date:     /     /


	1
	



