
















































CURRICULUM VITAE

Candidate Name                  :Bhushan Praful Chopade
Date of Birth	              :29th April 1994
Email Id :                               : bhushanchopade0149@yahoo.com
Permanent Address:          :Shahpur, Dist.:Burahnpur (M.P.) Pin-450445.
Corresponding Address     :Sector-3 Airoli, Navi Mumbai 400708.
Mobile No:                           :9329818149.                        


CAREER OBJECTIVE

To devote myself in your organization and to work in an organization that provides to explore my capacity and an environment conductive for personnel and career development in this dynamic world.

Area of Interest: Pharmacovigilance, Aggregate Reporting and Regulatory Affairs.
BASIC QUALIFICATION

	Examination 
	Institution/ BOARD
	Percentage
	Year of Passing

	B. Pharmacy
	Swami Vivekanand College of Pharmacy Indore (M.P.)
	67.00
	2016

	HSC
	Board Of Secondary Education Bhopal(M.P)
	70.80
	2012

	SSC
	Central Board of Secondary Education
	63.00
	2009



COMPUTER SKILLS 
· Operating systems: Windows 7 and 10.
· Basic knowledge of Computer, MS office 2007 (MS-Word, MS-PowerPoint, MS-Excel.) 

TOTAL WORK EXPERIENCE 

• I have total 2 years 6 months of an experience in Pharmacovigilance as Junior               Data Analyst at Cognizant Technology Solution, Navi Mumbai.



As Case Processor and Triaging:
· Responsible for quality review of individual case safety reports into database.
· Process all incoming cases in order to meet timelines.
· Case assessment, duplicate check and case processing, case validity.
· Full quality review including medical coding and safety narrative.

As Medical coder:
· Responsible for coding all medical history, events, drugs/procedures/indications and laboratory tests according to the appropriate dictionary (e.g. Med DRA, company product dictionary, WHO-DD).

As Narrative writer:
· Responsible for writing medically relevant safety narrative of cases and checking the completeness and accuracy of the data entered in the various fields.

Types of cases handled:
· E2B cases
· Spontaneous cases
Strengths:
· Maintaining good interpersonal relationships.
· Willing to work in any situation.
· Ability to work in a team efficiently.

Hobbies

Reading Novels, Traveling, Music.
DECLARATION 

I hereby declare that the abovementioned information is correct to the best of my knowledge. I assure you that I’ll be fully dedicated and co-operative in every aspect.
Date:                                                                                               Yours Faithfully 
Place: Mumbai                                                                              BhushanChopade
