












































 

Dear Hiring Manager,
As an accomplished HR Professional with 6+ years of experience, I am interested in the HR opening in your company. My credentials include-
· Strong skills in different areas of Human Resource Management including Recruitment and Hiring, Training and Development, Employee Relations and HR Metrics and Analytics.
· Recognition and commendation for improving HR systems, work flows and processes.
· Leadership skills with experience in training and motivating teams.
· Strong Skill in Corporate Relation.
· A reputation for dedication, teamwork and a ‘roll-up-your-sleeves’ work ethic.
I also remained active in the HR field through “Linkedin, Passion HR”. I have earned my MBA in Human Resource Management (Anna University, Tamil Nadu).
I believe that my experience and qualifications will make me a strong addition to your team. If you agree that my skills would benefit your operations, please call me at 9678004302/9854070727 or email me at rsangma@gmail.com.
I look forward to speak with you. Thank you for your time.
Best Regards,
Rontu Sangma

Enclosed: Resume
                                                     Rontu Sangma                       
Tel: +91-9678004302 (M)


                           E-Mail: rsangma@gmail.com
Alt no: +91-9854070727(M)
Beltola, Guwahati, Assam -781029, India
                                                     Objective
                           To join a Company I can invent and retire in. 

6+ years of experience in Human Resources, Business Development & Operations. Exceptional problem solving and client engagement skills. Distinguished team player having good communication skills, convincing power, sincerity and dedication. 


Good At:
· Convincing ‘Change’.

· Analyzing Road Blocks.
Organisational Experience 

Sep’11 – Jan’12               Aviva Life Insurance Company India Ltd.      Sales Manager - DSF

June’09 – Aug’11

    Global InnovSource Solution Pvt Ltd.
        Business Manager
                                              (A Global Group Enterprise)
Looked after the Complete Operations of the organization which include Marketing, Administration,etc and also headed the Human Resource Department and handled the entire gamut of HR for the group. My key role was to handgrip the managerial and operative functions in HR. 

      Key Responsibilities:      
· Headed the team.

· Looked after the marketing products like JobEx(Referral Partner), GBA and Qcert(Online Certifications).
· Involved in Counselling.

     Recruitment & Selection:

· Incharge of Recruitment for the entire Northeast.
· Managed the complete recruitment life cycle for sourcing the best talent from diverse sources after identification of manpower requirements. 

· Bagged the prestigious project for Recruitment(Staffing & Permanent) of UNICEF, Bharti Infratel, Acme Tele Power, Coca Cola, Aircel, Adhunik Cement, Sony Ericsson, etc.
· Experienced working in various domains like IT/Insurance, etc.

· Worked on requirements of almost all technology.

· Worked very closely with the Business/leadership team to draw business specific HR Strategy, Developed/implemented new recruitment/selection strategies as per staffing projections, ensuring cost saves and just in time hiring within the specified timelines.

· Liaised with consultants & institutions for ensuring a steady pipeline of candidates- Close interaction with Resource Management, Recruitment team, etc.    
· Delivery Heads for ensuring availability of required manpower as per the projected requirement.
· Implemented and drived the employee referral program.

Involved in sourcing through Referrals, Consultants, Job Sites, Newspapers Ads for all Departmental requirements.Managed the recruitment function for various levels ranging from Executives to Middle and Senior Management. Handled the maintenance, updation and reviewing of resume database and end-to-end recruitment process which includes sourcing, phone screening, scheduling interviews, taking personal interviews and negotiations, giving the offer letter. 
Induction: 
      □ Conducted the induction program for new recruits at all levels.
      □ Induction program includes Joining Formalities, Company Profile, etc.
      □ Introduction to all departments and explaining company policies and procedures.
 
Training and Development:
Identified the training needs of the employees.Coordinated with the trainers (Internal as well as External) for carrying out the necessary training programs to improve or enhance the skill of employees. 

Employee Relations:
Handled all kinds of employees queries and complaints.Reward and Recognition,                           Confirmations Appraisals of employees and feedback sessions with my Seniors 
to know the performance of the group. Kept track of employees activities 
in terms of confirmation, promotion,transfer and their separation.Updated the employees from time to time about the company policies and changes if there is any.
Client Relationship Management: 
Ensuring speedy redressal of client queries and grievances to maximize satisfaction levels.
Maintained excellent relations with clients to generate avenues for additional business.
     Statuary:
· Compliance with statuary provisions related to Labour Laws like PF, ESIC, etc.
· Wage & Salary Administration, update & manage all statuary registers.

Other HR Operations: 
· Successfully handled the daily, monthly attendance, and assisting in the process of Salary Administration. 
· Carried out exit interviews so as to know the trend and check the attrition rate.
· Arranged for the full and final settlement of the separated employees.  

Significant Achievement:

· New clients additions regionally.
· Net revenue increase by reducing the attrition and increasing the additions.
· Thrice Have been the no.1 Branch in terms of revenue.
· Reduced the salary payment issues month on month by ensuring the process stability.
· Summer Projects for BBA student.

   Previous Stints:

   May’07 - Feb’09

      Jaypar Software Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore


Sr.Recruiter
Clients Handled:
	      Sonata Software
	Indus Software
	Thoughtworks

	      SBM, etc
	 
	 


 
   
  Feb’06 - May’07               Six Sigma Soft Solns. Pvt. Ltd., Chennai
           Executive

Clients Handled:
	            GAVS Information Services
	Ness Technology Pvt. Ltd.
	Office Tiger

	            Indus Software
	US Technology
	TCS

	            Patni
	L & T Infotech
	e4e Technologies, etc


 
July’05 - Feb’06                 Career Destiny, Bangalore
                           Resource Consultant
            Clients Handled: 
	          Microsoft
	HSBC
	Zensar

	          Satyam
	HCL Technologies
	Jamcracker

	          KLA
	IBS Software Solution
	 


                                                   IT Skills
· Well-versed with Windows 98, MS Word, C, C++, HTML, VB Script, Linux, Oracle 8i & Internet application, etc.
                                            Academic Credentials
· MBA (HR & Marketing) from Anna University, Tamil Nadu (2002 – 2004). Secured 70%.

· BSc from St.Anthony’s College, Shillong from NEHU (1999 – 2001).
                                           Certifications Course
□ Web-Centric Computing in 2002 from NIIT.
□ Swift India in 2002 from NIIT.
□ Noah Integrated Call Centre Solutions, Chennai with US based live dial out in July 2004.
                                           Training Programs
□ Business Development Training Programme in June 2010, Kolkata.
□ Professional Selling Skills in October 2009, Mumbai.
□ Landmark Training Programme in July 2009, Mumbai.
□ ISO Training Programme in 2006, Chennai.
                                           Extra – Curricular Activities
 □ Represented the School in Cricket, Volleyball, Football.
                                           Personal Details
Date of Birth

:
17th August 1976

Language Known
: 
English, Hindi, Assamese, Garo, Bengali.

Marital Status    
:
Single.
Religion                        :           Christianity
Preferable Location
:
Anywhere
Alternate no                 :           9854070727
                                           Passport Details 
Passport No: G6529621                                                Date of issue: 24-04-2008
Expiry date: 23-04-2018                                              Place of issue: Guwahati
