










































Profile 
Shripallavi Mallesh lingala 

Email: pallavilingala13@gmail.com 
Mobile No: 9004803299  

 
Career Summary 
 
-HR Professional with 1 years of rich work experience in recruiting 
NoN- IT professionals.  
-Expertise in the areas of Staffing, Recruiting, Sourcing, Head 
Hunting, Team Handling, Reporting, Vendor Management, Sourcing, 
Interviewing , Campus Recruitment ,  
 
Client Handling, Salary Negotiation , Executive Hiring, Contract 
Recruitment, Team Management. 
-Experienced in Volume/Mass Hiring and Niche Skill Hiring 
-Proficient in recruiting candidates from all levels Junior Level to 
Senior Level. 
-Good experience of Campus Recruitment/ Off Campus Hiring. 
-Experience in NON-IT Recruitment. 
-Possess excellent communications and interpersonal skills.  
 
Key Skills 
 
-End to end recruitment: Sourcing, Staffing, scoping, and on boarding 
candidates. 
-Screening: short listing candidates sourced through portal (, Monster, 
Quikrand LinkedIn) and validating them on their experience and 
interest on the profile. 
 
Role 
-Lateral Hiring: Identifying right candidates with required Skill set 
and experience and make sure that it should match with the 
requirement as per the job  
 
Description 
-Staffing: Preparing Requisition gathering template and sending it to 
corresponding sourcing lead to initiate the sourcing. Short listing the 
profiles sourced and sending it to the respective hiring managers 
-Hiring inputs: Meeting hiring managers to understand niche skill 
profiles. 

mailto:pallavilingala13@gmail.com


-HR Round: Conducting HR round for the selected candidates and 
negotiating salaries on company standards. 
-Promptly informing the rejected candidates about the reason for the 
rejections. 
-Monthly and quarterly headcount and hiring report. 
-Vendor Management: Coordinated with various manpower 
consultants to procure resources for its operations across India, 
general screening of the candidate’s profile, short-listing them for the 
interviews, worked on portals  
 

Expereince Summary 

WorkIng as a:- 

SR. HR EXECUTIVE for REDARCH PLACEMENT SERVICES PVT 

LTD 

sincejuly 28, 2017 to Till date 

( Experience in NON ITRecruitment.) 
 

As a SR. HR Executive:- 

End to End Recruitment:-            Step 1: Identify Vacancy and Evaluate Need 
Step 2: Develop Position Description 

Step 3: Develop Recruitment Plan 

Step 4: Select Search Committee 

Step 5: Post Position and Implement Recruitment Plan 

Step 6: Review Applicants and Develop Short List 

Step 7:Conduct Interviews 

Step 8: Select Hire 

Step 9:Finalize Recruitment 

Responsibilities 
• Responsible for the end-to-end  Recruitment 
• Responsible for sourcing, interviewing and qualifying 
candidates to fulfill current and forecasted requirements 
• Strong in Internet research in understanding the technology 
before jumping into the requirement 

https://hr.ucr.edu/recruitment/guidelines/process.html#step1
https://hr.ucr.edu/recruitment/guidelines/process.html#step2
https://hr.ucr.edu/recruitment/guidelines/process.html#step3
https://hr.ucr.edu/recruitment/guidelines/process.html#step4
https://hr.ucr.edu/recruitment/guidelines/process.html#step5
https://hr.ucr.edu/recruitment/guidelines/process.html#step6


• Responsible for Sourcing, qualified professionals on Contract, 
and permanent basis. 
• Collect &analyze the requirement and understand what type of 
person the client is looking for their opening. 
• Extensively used job portals like Monster &Quikr. 
• Find the candidates through job posting, mass mailing, mass 
messaging. 
• Sorting through several resumes to find just the right person. 
• When found suitable candidate I contact them via Phone/email 
and explain them about the job opening. 
• Also keep the track record of resumes, so that if another client 
needs a candidate of same requirement, then check his availability 
with the position and submit. 
• Experienced in interacting directly with HR Heads of company 
to bring tie-ups. 
• Experienced in understanding the clients need and being able to 
truly bring the value to them professionally. 
• Maintaining the inventory records. 
• Handling BD profile 
• Co-ordinating on daily basis with Companies Hr-manager and 
follow up with them. 
• CO-ordinating with the institutions also for tie ups. 
• Visit company`s for tie-ups. 

 

Personal Qualities 
 
-Effective Communication Skills 
-Excellent Interpersonal Skills 
-Ability to deal with pressure 
-Good analytical and problem solving skills 
 
Computer Profession:- 
 
 DCAG + MS Office ( Word, Power point, Excel) 

Areas oF interest 
 

✓ Core HR    Hr Payroll    HR Operations  HR Admin 
 

 

 

 



ProFessionalCourse:- 

Pursuing    Core HR Practical Training from Pace Career 
Academy (April 2018 to till date) 
     

 
Educational Qualifications:- 

-BFM with CGPA-6.23 in 2017  
-HSC with70.62% Marks in 2014 
-SSC with 78% Marks in 2012 
 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
 
Date of Birth : 13th  Nov 1996 
Languages known : English, Hindi, Telugu 
Location: Bhayander (west), Thane-401101 
 
Declaration:- 

I hereby declare that all information furnished above is true to 

the best of my knowledge.                                                           

 
 Place:- 
 Date:-                                       (SHRIPALLAVI MALLESH LINGALA) 
 

RECRUITMENT 
&SELECTION 

LABOUR LAWS PAY ROLL 

 Job Portals 
Sourcing 
 Feedback 
 Screening 
 Scheduling Interviews 
End-to-end Recruitment 
Process 
  Induction and Joining 
Formalities. 
  

Form Filling Of 
PF/ESIC. 
HRA 
 TDS Calculations 
Professional Tax 
Bonus 
 Deductions & 
Allowances 
Gratuity & 
Pension 
Break-up ofsalary 
components. 

  

MIS Reporting 
Statutory Reports 
Generating Pay slips 
Attendance Management 
Leave Management 
Query Handling 
 End-to-End Payroll 
Process 
 ECR generation in PF  


