















































CURRICULUM VITAE
RAJESH HOLLA.U

No.1/3 Puttaranganna

Layout,                     

Shesadripuram Main Road
Mob: - +91 9986170386

Bangalore – 560 020                                        E-Mail:- rajeshhollau@rediffmail.com
Objective:

To be a part of the challenging team wherein, I can exhibit my communication, analytical and managerial skills to help the organization grow with the better prospect and to seek a suitable position for mutual success, profitable outcome and to learn and grow both professionally and personally.

Professional Summary

Organization:
Xchanging Global Business  

Designation:

Advanced Associate

Duration:

March 2009 to till date

Transition Exposure:

I was proactively involved in Migration of ‘Reinsurance Premium’ process from United Kingdom to India for client namely Aon Benfield. It is one of the largest Reinsurer Broker in the world. Project involved learning new system called “GRiDS” for processing premiums. System produce a contract document which directly goes to the clients (Debit /Credit notes) including submission of contract Endorsement, premium entries, Additional premiums & Return Premiums etc. It also has various level of validation and approval process ever since Oct 2009 transition and same need to be complied. 

Roles & Responsibilities

Re-insurance Premium Process
· Processing Premiums in Aon Benfield Ledger System.

· Allocation & Settlement of premium through electronic submission
· Ensuring daily Targets/SLA is achieved.

· Handling most of Screener and Searcher responsibilities

· Training new joiners

· Conducting application testing whenever required and have taken up data reporting

· In charge of Process improvement 

· Resolving queries

· Work allocation

· Quality Check

· Client Query handling through calls and emails

Accounts Payable Process

· Vendor account set-up and modification

· Image indexing and updating on core

· Processing accounts payable transaction by verifying PO with invoice/s at Batch level

· Vendor queries and resolution

· Preparing Weekly and Monthly Processing Report of the Team and submitting the same to Management. 

· Reconcile bank balances

· Record accrual general ledger entries 

· Establish customer credit lines and set up credit accounts with vendors

Achievements

1 Rewarded with Good going Award

2 Star Team award

3 Received reward for successful completion of 2010 and 2011 renewals

4 Got promoted from process Associate to Advanced Associate

5 Received Appreciation from Clients for Quality and Quick response

Skill Sets

Computer:  MS Office-2007, MS Outlook, Tally 9.0, Grids, Lawson and Core 

Educational Qualification

	COURSE
	NAME OF INSTITUTION
	UNIVERSITY / BOARD
	PERCENTAGE

	B.Com
	Sri Siddaganga College, Tumkur
	Tumkur University
	70%


PERSONAL DETAILS

Father’s Name




:
Chandrashekar Holla U

Date of Birth




:
19/04/1987

Marital Status




:
Single

Nationality




:
Indian

Sex





:
Male

Linguistic skills



:
Kannada, English and Hindi 

Hobbies




:
Listening to Music, Sports (Cricket, Foot 







Ball) and visiting historical places    

Permanent Address                                         :           No.733 Srinivasa Nilaya, Ramana Block        








Kunigal 572 130. Tumkur District                                                                                                                                                 
