MAX STEELE
Cellphone: 312-***-****
Email: maxbsteele@gmail .com
Citizenship: Dual US-UK Citizen
Address: **** * ******** ***, **** 1
Chicago, IL 60647
An ambitious problem-solver looking to contribute to and impact large software projects within a strong development team. I have contributed to significant programming projects in C, C++, Java, Python and R. I recently relocated from London to Chicago to pursue my career.
EDUCATION
MEng Bristol University October 2010 – June 2014
Mathematics & Computer Science
First Class Honours (comparable to Summa Cum Laude in the US) HONORS AND AWARDS
Netcraft Computer Science Award 2012
Awarded to the top ten 2nd year students at Bristol. PUBLICATIONS
Rubikon: a highly reconfigurable device for advanced interaction 2014 CHI '14 Extended Abstracts on Human Factors in Computing Systems, Pg. 1327-1332 WORK EXPERIENCE
Planning-inc, London October 2014 to December 2015 SQL Developer
Programmed Transact-SQL and SSIS on SQL Server developing code to analyse customer trends, ETL, optimisation, index maintenance and database design.
Integral part of a small team that took on a bespoke customer analytics database project from a popular restaurant chain, warehousing a large array of different customer information data including near-real-time streams. Project earned the Best use of FastStats Award 2015.
Took initiative in opening team discussion on client-pricing and its effect on internal resourcing, prioritising tasks with longer-term benefits: o Modified processes in production including live database refactoring in order to improve design quality and adhere to chosen conventions. o Wrote many different types of documentation with ambitions ranging across: training novices, design explanation, explicit definition of conventions. o Implemented mocking and testing wherever possible in order to aid development blocks and improve robustness of the end solution. Max Steele - 1
Coinometrics, London June 2014 to September 2014
Programmer/Analyst
Developed innovative real-time metrics in Python for the health of the Bitcoin network, looking at block propagation times and double spend activity.
Developed a Bitcoin price index in R satisfying multiple objectives including some unique to Bitcoin. Also modelled and predicted market volatility using the EGARCH model.
Attended conferences and Meetups, networking and gaining opportunities for the company.
ATASS Sports, Exeter July 2013 to August 2013
Intern
Used R to build mathematical models capable of outperforming the sports betting markets for snooker and cycling, using ideas taken directly from academic research.
Web-scraping in Python and Perl to obtain the test datasets for model evaluation and calibration.
Supplemented R functionality using C++ and Rcpp for building new optimisation functions and Java and rJava to improve data editing functionality. Sparx, Exeter August 2013 to September 2013
Intern
Produced insightful data analysis on user performance within an educational iPad maths app. Designed metrics analysing technical issues, student progression and app obtained by performing intensive operations in R.
A separate project involved programming a multiplayer maths game on Sifteo cubes in C++, which included working with a new API from scratch. COMPUTER SKILLS
Languages: Considerable programming experience with C, C++, Transact-SQL, R, Python, and Java. Limited experience with many others including Javascript, Haskell, OpenCL and Prolog.
Applications: Experience with Git, Emacs, Docker, and virtualization among other coding/deployment tools.
Platforms: Developed with both MS Windows and Linux. PROFESSIONAL TRAINING
Exam 70-461: Querying Microsoft SQL Server 2012
Offered by Microsoft, recommended for those with two or more years of experience with SQL Server.
Max Steele - 2
Frontrunner leadership course
Four-day course offered by Common Purpose for students, solving problems with a community focus.
COMMUNITY SERVICE
Prospex
This is a local London youth charity, aiming to support young people in reaching their full potential. I have tutored Mathematics at Prospex and taken part in a charity bicycle ride in order to contribute to their fund-raising efforts. OTHER
U.S. Citizen, living in Chicago since January 2016 (based in the UK previously). Enjoy socialising with other programmers frequently at Meetup events. Have also attended technical conferences and gave a talk at the 2014 Scottish Bitcoin Conference. Enjoy playing and watching lots of sports including Basketball, Cycling, Football and Soccer.
Contact this candidate