LANGUAGE
linkedin.com
ad00pv@r.postjobfree.com
+374-********
PHP, JS Developer
HOVHANNES
SINANYAN
SKILLS
CONTACT
WORK EXPERIENCE
Dedicated and highly skilled PHP Developer with 7 years of experience, specializing in the Laravel framework. I am passionate about creating elegant and efficient web applications that deliver outstanding user experiences. My expertise in Laravel, combined with a deep understanding of web development principles, has allowed me to
contribute to the success of numerous projects.
BA State & Municipal Management
Armenian State University of Economics
2010 - 2017
EDUCATION
PHP
Laravel
JavaScript
TypeScript
NodeJS
NestJS
Mysql
PostgreSQL
Redis
MongoDB
Docker
gRPC
RabbitMQ
Armenian
English
Russian
PHP
Dec 2015 - March 2016
Nabu LLC
Cake php
PHP, JS, C#
June 2020 - Nov 2021
Ifix Group LLC
Laravel, NodeJS, .NET
PHP, TS
Nov 2021 - present
Freelancer
Laravel, NestJS
PHP, JS, TS
Nov 2019 - May 2020
Fifth Design Studio LLC
Laravel, Angular
PHP, JS
March 2016 - Oct 2019
Ifix Group LLC
Laravel, NodeJS,
PROJECTS
Front-end & back-end development
MDsave
Led the successful migration of the front-end from Angular 1 to React, and the back-end from Yii 1 to Yii 2. Contributed to enhancing MDsave, a healthcare
company that collaborates with insurance agencies
and hospitals across the United States.
PROJECTS
Create & maintain backend for crypto wallet
management app
partnerx
NestJS microservices-based project with DDD architecture to create and manage user wallets associated with merchants. This project features seamless integration with TronGrid and TronWeb APIs, allowing for efficient cryptocurrency transactions. Additionally, it offers the flexibility to be seamlessly incorporated into other websites as a robust payment system.
Design and develop a dynamic news website
hzham.am
Designed and developed a dynamic news website from scratch. Created Laravel-based website with role-based management. Front-end & back-end development
Ani Plus Delivery
Laravel, NodeJS, PostgreSQL, Redis, Firebase Cloud Messaging. Experienced in database design and dedicated to driving ongoing enhancements in system architecture. Deliver innovative solutions for previously unmanaged aspects of clients' businesses, enhancing automation and overall efficiency. Ani Plus Delivery is a versatile platform tailored for establishing and customizing various services (such as online taxi, delivery, and sober driver services) with autonomous capabilities, enabling order assignment to drivers based on factors like location, vehicle capacity, and rating.
Create and maintain backend for a crypto exchanging project sawe.io
NodeJS, NestJS microservice-based project with DDD architecture. This project focuses on facilitating the buying and selling of cryptocurrencies.
Back-end development
justtravel.am
Laravel, Mysql, with a focus on database design and a dedication to driving ongoing enhancements to system architecture.Tour provider company.
Back-end development
rebud.com
C#, NodeJs.adept at developing and managing business-specific microservices. I have created APIs for store management, including a C# based Admin panel API, as well as Node.js based APIs for client interactions. Rebud.com is an online store based in the US. Back-end development
Gig Qwik
Laravel, NodeJs, Mysql, Redis, Firebase, Cloud Messaging. Designed databases, developed APIs for both mobile apps and Admin Panel. This project was tailored for musicians and bands, providing them with a platform to communicate, share media, and schedule gigs with clients.
Contact this candidate