BİRİM KURTOĞLU
Washington DC +1-571-***-**-** ad4zpw@r.postjobfree.com
Ankara +90-533-***-**-**

ABOUT
25+ years of experience in Software Development, problem-solver, technical and analytical skills, hard-worker, team player. Love to learn and work on challenging new technologies.

EDUCATION
Middle East Technical University, Ankara, Turkey
B.S. in Mathematics

SKILLS
Languages: C#, VB, Java Spring Boot Databases: Oracle, SQL Server, MongoDB, Database Architecture, SQL, PL/SQL
Web Technologies: JavaScript, HTML5, CSS Framework: Visual Studio .NET, .Net Core, EF, ASP.NET, Spring Boot, SAP platform
Tools: GitHub, Git, Postman, Confluence, Jira, TFS
Design Pattern, Agile Methodology

EXPERIENCE

NTT Data Business Solutions Turkey Istanbul/Turkey-Remote June,2022-
Senior Backend Developer,

Worked on the Cosmos modernization project development process for BSH Company. After the conversion from VB to C#, the architecture was converted to .NET Core and created RestApi with Facade Layer method. Created Unit Test mehods for new RestApi. Performance-enhancing arrangement was made by merging methods.

Software Technologies used:
VS .NET, ASP.NET, C#, NET Core, Restful Web API, JavaScript, HTML5, PL/SQL, Jira, Git, Azure DevOps.

Took part in "Milk Run Project" in logistics is a process that improves efficiency of short delivery routes for BSH company. Analyzed and implemented GPS module to digitize the process with real-time location tracking. Database-linked Notification system structure was established.

Software Technologies used:
.NET Core, SQL Server, Restful Web API, Redis Cache, N-Tier Architecture, Unit of Work Pattern, Repository Pattern, Hangfire, SignalR, Git, Jira.

Participated in development of “Succession project” for Koç Holding. Led a team of backend developers and held team meetings, prioritized work tasks and assigned coding tasks to various team members.

Software Technologies used:
.NET Core, MongoDB, Restful Web API, CQRS, Hangfire, Git, Azure DevOps.

Presidency of the Republic of Turkey Ankara/Turkey September, 2007 - February, 2022
Senior Software Developer & Team Lead
Participated in the complete Software Development Lifecycle including requirements analysis, design, implementation, testing and maintenance for scalable enterprise software projects. Developed several server-side RESTful services-based applications using Spring Boot. Created data models, worked with Databases, CRUD on the backend and manipulated data on the backend. Maintained documentation of workflows, policies and projects within Confluence and Jira. (1 years and 6 months)

Software Technologies used:
Java(Spring Boot, Maven), Oracle, PL/SQL, GitHub, Git, Confluence, Jira, Rest APIs, Postman for API testing.

Led and developed all stages of Software Development Lifecycle for enterprise software projects about HR management, document tracking system, electronic document management system, financial management and some decision-support systems.
(+15 years)

Software Technologies used:
VS .NET, ASP.NET, C#, JavaScript, HTML5, Oracle, PL/SQL, TFS, Confluence, Jira

Presidency of the Republic of Turkey Ankara/Turkey November, 2002 – September,2007
Senior Software Developer,

Led and developed all stages of Software Development Lifecycle for enterprise software projects about HR management, document tracking system, financial management and some decision-support systems.

Software Technologies used:
VS .NET, ASP.NET, C#, JavaScript, HTML5, Oracle, PL/SQL, TFS, Confluence, Jira

Took active roles in Public Procurement Law module developed on SAP platform and managed Havelsan. After performed requirement analyses, implemented module customization with Havelsan. (3 years)

Software Technologies used:
ABAP, Oracle, SAP Platform

Worked on database designs of all the projects in which participated in the organization and development of different database objects containing tables, functions, triggers, stored procedures. Very experienced in SQL.
(+20 years)

Software Technologies used:
Oracle (TOAD), SQL Server

Served as a mentor to less experienced software developer and advised them.

Dakoo, Beijing/China December, 1999 – November, 2002
IT Consultant
Worked in analysis, design, development, test and maintenance of one--to-one database marketing projects tracking customer data.

Software Technologies used:
VB 6.0, SQL Server 2000.

Unicom-Sparkice, Beijing/China September, 1999 – December, 1999
IT Consultant
Researched for online back-up methods.

Prime Ministry of Turkey Ankara/Turkey April, 1994 - January, 1999
Software Developer,
Worked in the analysis, design, code, test and maintenance of client-server projects about Hospital Automation project, HR management modules and decision-support systems.

Software Technologies used:
VB 5.0, Oracle

General Directorate of Highways Ankara/Turkey September, 1992 - April, 1994
System analyst,
Worked in GIS systems where geographical data are used, stored, analyzed and presented as maps with Intergraph Systems.

Software Technologies used:
Pascal 6.0, Sybase

Developed library automation software

Software Technologies used:
VB 3.0, Microsoft Access
Contact this candidate