Gujarati
Hindi
English
LANGUAGE
NEEL
GABANI
BackEnd Developer
ad7mi6@r.postjobfree.com
+91-635*-***-***
Surat,Gujarat(IND)
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Computer
Applications
Z. S Patel College
2019 - 2022
Surat,INDIA
SKILLS
Laravel
Ajax
Codelgniter4
PHP
HTML
MYSQL
JavaScript
CSS
Bootstrap
WORK EXPERIENCE
BackEnd Developer
Ajasys technology
Genius Tech Solution
2023 - 2024 Surat, Gujarat
2022 - 2023 Surat, Gujara t
Managed and optimized features like Project Management, HR Management, and Property Management, ensuring seamless integration and efficient operations.
Improved Lead Management and Account Management
processes, integrating with platforms like Facebook and websites to capture and track potential clients effectively. leadmgt crm
Managed and optimized features like Task Management,Lead Management, and Appointment Management, ensuring
seamless integration and efficient operations.
Improved Lead Management With Tracking and reminders, Reporting and Analytics, Campaign, Lead integrating with platforms like Facebook and websites to capture and track potential clients effectively.
Bitcoin Mining
Features an intuitive interface for easy setup and configuration of mining rigs, including detailed guides and automated settings to streamline the mining process.
User efficiency with mining the coin using completing the task as given.
Flipkart CLONE
A fully functional clone of Flipkart, replicating its online shopping features, product categories, and user interfaces for seamless consumer experience.
Provides a customizable backend for easy integration and scaling, allowing businesses to tailor the platform to their specific needs and growth requirements.
GYM- Management crm
Efficiently tracked member and staff attendance, handled member renewals, and managed new membership inquiries to streamline operations.
Administered personalized diet and exercise schedules for members, and managed body measurements and BMI
assessments to support individualized fitness plans. Implemented auto lead capturing from various sources, improving the efficiency of lead management and ensuring timely follow-ups.
Contact this candidate