Ramesh
ad7o3a@r.postjobfree.com
480-***-****
Professional Summary:
Professional QA Lead with 15+ years of experience in Manual and Automation testing with Financial, Banking, Retail domain and supply-chain management.
Highly skilled Backend Developer designing, developing, and automating backend systems.
Good Knowledge of SDLC, STLC, Agile process, QA Methodology to ensure the Quality Assurance Control.
Responsibility centered on developing Test Plans, defining Test Cases, generating, and maintaining Test Scripts.
Lead and provided support to test teams during several phases of testing like BVT, Smoke Testing, System Testing, Functionality Testing, Integration Testing, Usability testing, Regression, End to End and, User Acceptance, Performance Testing With Jmeter.
Preparing the Test plan for overall testing during a release for SIT, UAT phases. Involves time, resource, and budget allocations in the various phases of the release.
Conducting and facilitating walk through sessions to convey the testing plan, approach, and strategy to all the stakeholders with documentation.
Experience in Defect Reporting using HP-Quality Center ALM,Jira, and Azure Devops.
Hands-on in preparation of Requirement Traceability Matrix, Test Plan, Test Cases, Test Data, and Test Case Execution.
Executed test plans for WMS and OMS implementations, contributing to successful project rollouts.
Experience in manual and automated testing using HP QC, ALM
Proficient in designing different Test Automation frameworks such as Data-driven, Keyword and Hybrid.
Hands-on developing Automation test scripts for Regression Test cases using Selenium WebDriver (Java,Python and Javascript), UFT ONE (VBScript), Maven with Jenkins.
Hands-on in testing web services API (SOAP, REST and Postman) using SOAP UI Tools.
Strong exposure on source code version control systems like SVN and GIT.
Experience in working with Continuous Integration and Deployment (CI/CD) using Jenkins application server.
Hands-on experience with SQL Queries, automated back-end testing and to check the data validity and data integrity.
Deep knowledge in testing VB.Net, Java, J2EE, VBScript PeopleSoft, SQL Server and Oracle applications.
Strong interaction with business leadership in all aspects of testing cycle.
Deep experience working with Agile/Scrum, SAFE Agile methods in agile environment using Jira tool.
Knowledgeable and good exposure on automating scripts using Load Runner.
Capable of managing onsite and offshore QA teams.
Able to balance cost, schedule, quality constraints in complex QA projects.
Perform data integrity (rules and merging records) functions establishing proper ownership and record type maintenance in accordance with sales territories.
Strong passion for analytics and data mining to drive business decisions.

Education & Certifications Summary:
Masters in Applied Mathematics from Bharathidasan University - India 2004
Bachelors in Mathematics from Bharathidasan University - India (2002)
Certified on Azure Devops Practice and Principle.

Technical Skills Summary:
Testing Tools

Selenium Web Driver/RC/IDE/GRID, HP Quick Test QTP (UFT one 15), Quality Centre/ALM 12, Load Runner 11, JUnit, Cucumber, TestNG, SOAP UI, Tosca, Katalon, Jenkins, Postman, Maven.
Language/ Script
Java, JavaScript, Shell Script, Python, VBScript (UFT) and C#.
Test Frameworks
Junit, NUnit, TestNG, extent report, Data Driven Framework, Keyword Driven.
Firefox Add-ons
XPath, Firebug, Fire Path, and Chromepath
Web development
HTML, CSS, JavaScript, VB Scripts, XML,
SOA Technologies
API REST,Postman, Web Services, SOAP UI.
Bug-Tracking Tools
BugZilla, Atlassian- JIRA, Microsoft -TFS,HP ALM/Quality Center.
Build/Continuous Integration
Maven and Jenkin
Databases Technologies
MongoDB,MS SQL Server 2000/2005, Oracle 9i/10g, MS Access 2000.
Platforms
Windows 7/Vista/XP, UNIX, LINUX, MAC OS X.
Mobile Platforms
IOS, Android OS, Windows Phone.
IDE
Eclipse,Pycharm,Visual Studio
QA Methodologies
Agile, Scrum,V-model and waterfall.
Version Control
Git, SVN, TFS, VSS.

Professional Experience:
Working as a Test lead with JPCtechno Ltd from Oct 2020 to till date
Worked as a Module lead with Techmahindra Ltd from Sep 2016 to Oct 2019
Worked as a Test Analyst with UST Global from Nov 2015 to Sep 2016
Worked as a Senior System Engineer for Siemens Technologies and Services Private Ltd from Jan 2012 to Nov 2015
Worked as a Senior Associate at TCS Ltd from Dec 2006 to Sep 2010
Worked as an Executive at Optimus Global Service from Apr 2006 to Dec 2006

Experience Summary:

HUBGROUP, Inc, USA Oct/2020 – Till date.
Role: Automation QA Lead

Hub Group, Inc. is a transportation and logistics management company based in the USA that provides innovative and value-driven supply chain solutions to customers. Hub Group’s services include intermodal, truck brokerage, dedicated trucking, managed transportation, freight consolidation, warehousing, last-mile delivery, international transportation, and other logistics services. The company serves the retail, consumer products, and durable goods markets. Working with the following application name: Brokerage, HubConnect, OM, TPS (Rumba), and McLeod (ERP).

Responsibilities:
Lead the design and development of scalable backend systems for various web and mobile applications.
Analyzed the Business Requirements Document and system specifications and identified the test requirements.
Creating QA test planning and testing effort estimation.
Conducted thorough testing of Warehouse Management System (WMS) functionalities, including inventory management, order fulfillment, and warehouse operations
Creating Test Result documentation.
Lead QA efforts for warehouse management and order management systems, ensuring high-quality software releases.
Developed, executed, and maintain comprehensive test plans and test cases for WMS and OMS functionalities.
Created and maintained RESTful APIs, ensuring robust and secure communication between client-side applications and backend services
Involved in SDLC, Business Process Design and Implementation.
Implemented and test Manhattan Active BY WMS (MAWM) solutions, optimizing warehouse operations and improving overall efficiency.
Developed and maintained automated test scripts using Playwright for web applications, enhancing test coverage and reliability.
Designed and executed comprehensive API tests using Postman, ensuring the robustness and performance of backend services.
Review manual and automated test scripts.
Successfully led the automation of end-to-end testing using Playwright, resulting in increase test efficiency and accuracy.
Conduct performance testing and identify bottlenecks in ETL processes, optimizing data flow and processing times.
Perform data validation, transformation, and reconciliation to ensure ETL processes meet business requirements
Developed a microservices-based backend system using [Technologies e.g., Go, Docker, Kubernetes], enhancing scalability and performance.
Ensured data integrity and security within the WMS environment through rigorous testing and validation of access controls, encryption mechanisms, and data handling processes.
Manage and validate data migration processes, ensuring accuracy and integrity of transferred data.
Implemented automated deployment verification tests (DVT) to validate the correctness of deployed WMS configurations.
Implemented performance testing while migrating from one app to another based on customer requests by JMeter.
Lead Smoke, Functional, Integration, regression, positive, negative and UAT testing to ensure proper coverage.
Performing Regression and End to End testing by Manual.
Hands-on "McLeod" software trucking management system.
Coordinate with 3PL providers to validate integration points and ensure seamless logistics operations.
Developed the manual test cases into Automation Test Scripts by using Katalon studios, and Tosca.
Managing errors, reported defects, determined repair priorities, and tracked the defects until resolution.
Monitoring test progress throughout the project release cycle, providing test results and detailed status reports to the QA manager and stake holders.
Provided training for other QA team members in test planning, Script review.
Attending and involving daily status scrum meeting and lead defect triage meetings.
Conducting project reviews to improve project implementations in a scrum retrospective meeting
Interacting with Business team, stake holder and other senior managers for automation solution.

Tools / Environment: JIRA, MS Office, Windows, JMeter, Katalon studio, MongoDB, Mcleod Software, eLastick and Postman.

Techmahindra Ltd India Sep/2016 -Oct/2019
Role: QA Module lead
Client: nVista (New Vehicles internet Sales and tracking application) Volvo car

New Vista (nVista – New Vehicle intranet Sales and Traceability Application) provides a common vehicle ordering (order creation, maintenance, reporting etc.) system for Volvo brand for around 35 markets. The complete Order to Delivery process is taken care by Vista application integrating with around 10 other applications. It interacts with multiple systems for invoicing, specifications, customer information, Registration, Vehicle Management and so on.

Responsibilities:
Module Lead at Onsite and Interacting with Business Stakeholders/Clients for Requirement Gathering and Analysis
Identified, analyzed, and documented defects utilizing HP ALM as defect tracking system.
Developed and execute automated test scripts for ETL processes to ensure data quality and integrity.
Worked closely with Development team, BA, teams as well as Stakeholders and members of Management.
Configured WMS settings and parameters to align with business requirements and operational workflows.
Lead all aspects of testing, such as manual execution, regression, automation, and performance testing, is completed and Collects testing sign-off from all testing participants, including cross-impacted application teams.
Analyzing business requirement to determine the test strategy covered by automation testing.
Integrated automated tests into CI/CD pipelines to facilitate frequent and reliable deployments of BY WMS updates.
Assisted in the development and execution of automated tests using Playwright.
Identifying Test cases for Automation and Maintaining existing tests scripts/regression suites for automation as well manual testing.
Conducted manual testing for warehouse management and order management applications, identifying and reporting defects.
Designed and implemented automated API tests using Postman and Newman, ensuring robust and reliable API performance
Attending Agile meetings (Daily scrum meeting/Sprint planning/Backlog refinement) on assigned projects
Designing automation framework, preparing the driver scripts and common libraries, and Automating mapping validations and other UI screens using UFT& Selenium WebDriver and API postman.
Used Selenium Grid to run test cases in multiple browsers and different Platforms.
Responsible for implementation of Hybrid Test Automation Framework, Page Object Model using Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Maven and Java.
Identified test cases to automate then tested these cases using Selenium WebDriver, TestNG and Java technologies (Eclipse IDE) and contributed in framework creation.
Performed all the testing activities like Test design, Test execution & Reporting defects.
Responsible for defect tracking, defect reporting and defect reproducing and defect triage meeting.
Utilized HP Quality center (ALM) for test cases and defect tracking.
Involved in developing and implementing quality-assurance and quality-control methodologies to ensure compliance with QA standards and customer specifications.
Analyzed business requirements, conducted gap analysis, estimated project scope and worked closely with fellow onshore and developers to deliver high-quality software solutions using Workday.

Tools / Environment:Azure Devops,TFS,Selenium WebDriver, UFT, HP-ALM,SVN, Java, Cucumber, GIT, JIRA, Windows, Postman,SOAPUI, Chrome,Firefox, IE and Sharepoint.

UST Global, India Nov/2015 - Sep/2016
Role: Sr. QA Analyst
Client Tickets.com:

Tickets.com, a wholly owned subsidiary of MLBAM, is a leading provider of fully integrated event ticketing technologies, solutions, and services for thousands of top arts, entertainment, and sporting events worldwide. To reinvent the way tickets are resold legally, Tickets.com created the most user- friendly secondary ticket market in the industry, which they named as Replay. Replay allows sellers to set the ticket price and even provides the option of automatically donating tickets to the Foundation for a tax credit should they remain unsold by a certain date or time. The new platform will have lower fees for buyers than competitive sites and because it is fully integrated with the Red Sox ticketing system, tickets will be sent electronically, eliminating the need for printing and shipping. The scope of the project was to implement a new look and feel for reselling the tickets by the patrons in both mobile and web app environments.

Responsibilities:
Assisting BA in writing functional and non-functional requirements.
Senior Test Analyst Onsite and Interacting with Business Stakeholders/Clients for Requirement Gathering and Analysis.
Identifying Test cases for Automation.
Performed all the testing activities like Test design, Test execution & Reporting defects.
Maintaining existing tests scripts/regression suites for automation as well manual testing.
Attending Agile meetings (Daily scrum meeting/Sprint planning/Backlog refinement) on assigned projects.
Automation preparing scripts and common libraries and Automating mapping validations and other UI screens using QTP.
Supported UAT and post-production validation.
Reviewed all the Testing deliverables and ensure the success of each release with zero post-production defects.
Involved in RATO (Real time Account opening) Test cases.
Identified, analyzed, and documented defects utilizing HP ALM as defect tracking system.
Worked closely with Development team, BA, teams as well as Stakeholders and members of Management.
Responsible for defect tracking, defect reporting and defect reproducing and defect triage meeting.
Utilized HP Quality center (ALM) for test cases and defect tracking.

Tools/Environment: Jira, Selenium,Java, Jenkins, GitHub, SQL, QTP(UFT) -12 & Loadrunner, HP-ALM, SVN, Word Doc, Ms Office etc.

Siemens Technologies ltd
Client:Siemens Jan/2012 - Nov/2015
Role: Sr. QA Analyst:

Surveillance Connect is an Enterprise Application which consolidates all types of communication systems into a single application, allowing intervention forces operators to manage their resources effectively. It is a unified communication platform and supports various communication systems. The test scenarios required that multiple operators working from multiple test PCs, running the AUT, be simulated and the operations on these multiple test PCs are coordinated to complete the test scenarios. This was achieved using a custom .Net Application which interprets the Test scenario file and distributes the test action commands using socket programming to the test PCs running QTP, which then perform the required operations on the AUT and the verdicts from these test PCs are collected and consolidated and results published by the custom .Net Application. End-to-end test automation was achieved (from differential Server and Client updates applied from Team City and scheduled execution of test automation), in an Agile environment, with continuous integration and execution on daily nightly builds and sharing of results with the stakeholders.

Responsibilities:
Performed Automation Testing on Web and Window Based Application by using QTP 11.
Understanding and analyzing of business requirements.
Identifying and selecting the automation test cases.
Creating, enhancing, debugging, and running the test cases by using VBScript
Handled with to object identity and error handling.
Prepared Test cases and Test Data/Test Environment set up.
Test case execution and Defect management using QC ALM 10.
Supported for UAT, Postproduction Support and Maintenance Release.
Maintained all the Testing deliverables without any schedule slippages.
Prepared Test Summary Reports.
Involved in Configuration Management, Defect Prevention and Knowledge Management activities.
Worked under Agile (Scrum) Software development environment.
Tested Multiplatform windows and cross browser testing (IF, Firefox, Chrome).
Identified, analyzed, and documented defects utilizing Pivotal tracker as defect tracking system.
As a Member of Scrum team participated in daily standup meetings, project status meetings as well as retrospective meetings and iterations reviews.

Tools/Environment: HP Quality Center (ALM), Agile Scrum, SQL, QTP11, SVN, Teamcity,Automation anywhere,Rapise, Word Doc,windows Ms office etc.

TCS (Tata Consultancy Services) Dec/2006 - Sep/2010
Role: Senior Associate:
Client: Citi Bank North America

Retail Banking Platform project on the whole includes various operations like the savings banking, loans, branch and head office operations, treasury operations, foreign exchange transactions, Fund Transfer-PAPS (Pre Authorized Payment System), different types of books and ledgers and maintenance of Accounting system, Tele banking, Internet Banking, ATM and Debit card services and Purchases. In Internet Banking the Account status and other verifications like cheque book issues, standing instructions, stop payment process, demand draft and managers cheque processing can be done online.

Responsibilities:
Performed Manual Testing on Web Based Application and data validation against DB.
Managed onsite-offshore coordination and offshore tasks delegation.
Maintained Requirement Traceability Matrix.
Involved in Requirement Analysis, Participated Test plans and Authoring Test cases.
Developed SQL Server scripts for data validation.
Worked on Test case execution and Defect management using HP Quality Center 9.0.
Coordinated with the Developers regarding the Defects clarification and retesting against the application.
Performed Regression testing for the areas of the application that could be affected.
Supported for UAT, Postproduction Support and Maintenance Release.
Played the role of Configuration Control anchor.
Maintained all the Testing deliverables without any schedule slippages.
Worked on Knowledge Transfer sessions to the team and new joiners.

Tools/Environment: HP Quality Center 9.0,putty,waterfalls model, SQL, Word Doc,windows/Vista, Ms office etc.

Optimus Global (Service from Polaris) Apr/2006 - Dec/2006
Role: Executive
Client: Citi Financial ltd

Retail Banking Platform project on the whole includes various operations like the savings banking, loans, branch and head office operations, treasury operations, foreign exchange transactions, Fund Transfer-PAPS (Pre Authorized Payment System), different types of books and ledgers and maintenance of Accounting system, Tele banking, Internet Banking, ATM and Debit card services and Purchases. In Internet Banking the Account status and other verifications like cheque book issues, standing instructions, stop payment process, demand draft and managers cheque processing can be done online.

Responsibilities:
Performed Manual Testing on Web Based Application and data validation against DB.
Managed onsite-offshore coordination and offshore tasks delegation.
Maintained Requirement Traceability Matrix.
Involved in Requirement Analysis, Participated Test plans and Authoring Test cases.
Developed SQL Server scripts for data validation.
Worked on Test case execution and Defect management using HP Quality Center 9.0.
Coordinated with the Developers regarding the Defects clarification and retesting against the application.
Performed Regression testing for the areas of the application that could be affected.
Supported for UAT, Postproduction Support and Maintenance Release.
Worked on Knowledge Transfer sessions to the team and new joiners.

Tools/Environment: HP Quality Center 9.0,waterfalls model, SQL, Word Doc,windows/Vista, Ms office etc.
Contact this candidate