CONSTANTIN IONESCU
PYTHON DEVELOPER • CONTRACTOR • FREELANCER
ABOUT ME
The client, an American leader in the Networking field, was dealing with an increased demand for more advanced instrument to manage access for internal engineers to their internal applications.
• Decreased 90% of the time for setting up network devices for an organization by designing a solution that automatically applies devices settings.
• Decreased 70% of the time for giving specific access to use a certain application by developing a single sign-on platform that gives permission to the user for every application.
• Reduced 99% of the forbidden and unwanted words in Techzone articles by designing a custom- tailored module that analyzes article text provides an alerts in case of presence of specific words.
• Led a team of 2 backend developers from the position of a Senior Developer.
Skills: Django, Flask, API, MongoDB, SQLite, GitHub, GitLab, Web Scrapping, beautifulsoup.
I am a passionate Python Backend Developer Consultant Contractor Freelancer with 6+ years experience.
I use my skills and experience to design and implement top-of-the line backend solutions for companies worldwide.
Let's have a talk if you think my expertise could help your organization.
WORK EXPERIENCE
SKILLS
CONTACT
LANGUAGE
Romanian Native
English Advanced
EDUCATION
Bucharest University of Economic
Studies Master in Management of
Banking Systems, 2010 - 2012
CERTIFICATIONS
PCEP - Python Programmer
PCAP - Python Programmer
Database SQL/MySQL
Java Programming
ISTQB Foundation Level
Python Developer
Web Application Cisco
Feb 2021 - March 2024
Python
Django
Flask
MySQL
Postgres
MongoDB
+40-743-***-***
ad7sf1@r.postjobfree.com
Bucharest, Romania
in/constantin-ionescu
constantin ionescu
5 years
1
1
year
year
4 years
1
1
year
year
QA Engineer Apr 2018 - Feb 2020
Automation Sparkware Technologies
The client, a local leader in Banking industry was in need for designing a testing framework for its system.
Python Backend Developer
Calculation Engines IBM
The client, a global leader in ESG research and data lacked an up to date and safe calculation engine.
Mar 2020 - Feb 2021
• Gained an increase of 8x in performance by designing a notebook calculation engine that extracts and calculates data.
• Eliminated 99% of manual work by designing a script calculation engine that extracts and calculates data. Skills: Python 3, Ananconda, Pandas, Numpy, ETL, PostgreSQL, Neo4j, AWS services such as S3 and Lambda
• Covered 100% of the requirements by designing test cases.
• Automated 80% of the test cases by designing an automation framework.
Skills: Java, Selenium, MySQL, T-SQL, CI/CD, GitHub, Confluence, Jira
Python Developer. Jun 2017 - Mar 2018
Automation Harman International
The client, a global leader in Automotive industry was responsible for designing infotainment systems for its clients.
• Reduced 60% of the running time for integration tests by designing script with automated tests.
• Improved integration time flow with 15% by designing scripts for automated processes.
Skills: Python 2.7 and 3x, Scripting, XML, JSON, Linux, Shell, WMware, CI/CD, Jenkins,
GitHub, Confluence, Jira
Contact this candidate