SUMMARY
TECHNICAL SKILLS
EDUCATION
Pham Tan Dat
LinkedIn: GitHub: Address: Email: https:https:/phamtandat655@/Back Phone: www.District //github.End linkedin.039******* 5,Developer com/Ho Chi com/phamtandat655 gmail.Minh in/com phạm-City tấn-đạt understanding setting. develop within I My In the am the my short-company a career. long 4th-term of term, Java year I I goal am work and I Software highly aspire is Spring for. to join motivated to Boot, Engineering become a back-and to end a I learn Product am team student eager and where Manager, grow to at apply I alongside Saigon can my driving contribute, knowledge University. the innovation organization. grow in I a my have professional and skills, success a solid and
Programming Frameworks/ Database - - - - - Spring JDBC, - Tailwind Java, HTML5, ReactJS, Webpack, Java jQuery, JPA Management MVC, Servlets, JavaScript, CSS. Bootstrap, Platforms: Languages: CSS3 NodeJS Spring Babel, Spring, PHP Boot, ES6 Systems: - Redis. MS SQL Server, MySQL,
Others:
Version Control:
Other - branching etc. Tools: Git: repository & merging, management, push & pull,
Foreign - docker etc. - Docker Postman: compose, : docker API docker testing. image, container,
- - Good Web Experience socket)understanding with, MVC, Agile 3-of Layer, and OOP Scrum methodologies, etc. development Languages: English: Soft SOLID - - comprehending communicate - - - Skills: process. TOEIC Capable Time Business Teamwork principles, management 755/of communication at writing, 990 English a Protocol basic reading level. and (Restful, able and to SAI GON Major Grade: Relevant System, University in 3.Web Software 0/Courses: 4.0. Programming,Ho Chi Engineering. OOP Minh in Java, (etc. Vietnam) Compilers, Data structures and Algorithms, From 10/2021 Operator to now PASTIMES AND ACTIVITIES
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
STECH Position: VN Front-endDeveloper 09/2023 - 01/2024 Project: Social Media.
Project messaging, are interact Technologies: Team Responsibilities: also - interface. - display - Face-Implemented Researched Collaborated Size: functions between Description: time phone using 3 functionalities. HTML, members and Socket. such communication, with message integrated CSS(An as the posting, internal Tailwind of design encryption, the Media-company. creating circulation and video, CSS)front-soup file, creating Js, meetings upload ReactJS, end technology website teams personal encryption, to Socket, with update to for create main chat voice Git. news, server-and functions the calls, group website’s exchange side video such chat. decryption, calls, user and as There and and PROJECT
Project: Position: E-Back-commerce end Developer Website 02/2024 - 04/2024 GitHub: Project seamless The search. Security image Technologies: Postman, Team shopapp-system uploads, Size: Administrators Description: and shopping Git. springboot includes 1 JWT Redis Java(filters. experience Core secure for Developed can Additional data Java, manage user storage, for Spring authentication a users full-functionalities products, Boot, and featured and CORS JPA robust categories, and E-with configuration. commerce include management various JWT, and password order supporting application user management, tools access reset, for libraries)providing with administrators. and Spring product product, MySQL, a Project: Position: E-Back-commerce end Developer Website 02/2024 - 04/2024 GitHub: equipment-rental
Project purpose Technologies: Thymeleaf, Team Responsibilities: - return - users securely. Managed Developed Size: Description: of to equipment the MySQL, 3 update the system Java(and equipment their Postman, maintained Core efficiently, A is system to profiles, Java, help Git. booking Spring simulates the to with view train personal real-Boot, system, booking junior the time JPA information process allowing petroleum history, updates and various of users and on constructing management engineers. availability. manage supporting to reserve, account an feature, libraries)oil borrow, well. settings enabling The, and
I I In https:am also my keen /participate free /github.on time, reading com/in I also stackoverflow.phamtandat655 books, work IT on blogs some com in – projects. my an free international time. They can Q&be A found site for at programmers. my GitHub profile
Contact this candidate