Shravani A
API Developer
E-Mail: adghaq@r.postjobfree.com
Ph.No: 609-***-****
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
Highly Organized dedicated and accomplished IT professional around 5 years of experience in implementing Java/J2EE projects, working through Analysis, Design, Development, Testing, Implementation in Client/Server and web-based n-tier architecture systems.
Experience in frameworks like Struts 2.0, Hibernate 3.0/4.0, and Spring 3.0/4.0.
Hands on experience in consuming as well as developing API for SOAP and Restful based web services to integrate third party functional modules into the core application.
Fluent with the core Java concepts like Exceptions, Regex, Data Structures and Serialization, including Java 8 API like functional programing.
Hands on experience on planning, estimation of user stories and creating feature or epic related to the business process.
Extensive experience in developing GUI using Java Script, JQuery, JSON, HTML5, CSS3 and AJAX.
Excellent analytical, problem solving, communication and inter-personal skills with ability to interact with individuals at ease.
Hands on experience in write java client application for Kafka streaming and consumer class and producer class in java.
Knowledge and understanding of Amazon Web Services (AWS).
Worked on AWS cloud platform to host and maintain web application using S3, EC2 instances.
Involved in writing Java API for Amazon Lambda to manage some of the AWS resources.
Experience on version control tools Subversion (SVN), CVS and GitLab.
Created JUnit test cases, and Development of JUnit classes.
Complete understanding of Agile/SCRUM and Safe Agile with the ability to conduct SCRUM meetings, co-ordinate team activities in a strict-deadline driven environment and maintain excellent client communication and having track of the bugs and new features through JIRA.
Excellent team player, quick learner and self-starter with effective communication, motivation and organizational skills combined with attention to details and business process improvements.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Application Servers
Web sphere Application Server, Web logic, Apache Tomcat 8.4
J2EE Technologies
J2EE, Servlets, JSP, JDBC, MVC, Struts, Hibernate, Spring, XML,JSON
Messaging Systems/ web services
JMS, MQ Series, SOAP, Rest, WSDL, JAX-RS, JAX-WS, Confluent Kafka 3.4.5.
Languages
Core Java, J2EE, JDK (1.7.1.8), XML, HTML, SQL
IDE Tools
Eclipse (Europa, Indigo, Hugo, Luna, Neon), Jenkins, STS (Spring tool Suite)
Web Technologies
JavaScript, CSS, HTML5, DHTML, XML, DTD, HTTP, HTTPS, AWS
Spring framework
Bean Factory, Application Context, Dependency Injection/IOC, MVC, Struts, Data Binding, AOP, JDBC, Spring BootORM, JMS, Security.
Databases
Oracle, My SQL, MongoDB, Cassandra, Neo4j
Design Methodologies
SAfe Agile, SCRUM, CI/CD, JIRA
Version control Tools
SVN, CVS, Preforce, Gitlab
Testing Tools
Junit, log4j, SOAP UI, ANT, MAVEN, Gradle

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Client: CenturyLink, Denver, CO Sept18- Till Date
Role- API Developer

CenturyLink offers communications, network services, security, cloud solutions, voice and managed services.
Project: Consumer c360/Customer c360- Which is a data aggregated view of the CenturyLink customer which consists of the information such as Accounts, Products, Dispatches, Marketing info, tickets, Health certificate of the Network/Wi-Fi speeds purchased, Modem, Discounts, Service Address, Chat, email, AVR conversations etc. in the centralized graph database Neo4j.
Roles and Responsibilities-
Involved in PI planning meetings to derive the business goals in to Epics/Features and have complete road map for 12 weeks of planning of features into user stories.
Work closely with depended teams to know risks and delivery of the certain features we plan to do in the sprint as a part of saFe Agile.
Worked in an Agile Environment and participated in requirement gathering, analysis and design.
Implemented REST Microservices using spring boot.
Developed several REST web services supporting both XML and JSON to perform tasks. REST web services leveraged by both web and mobile applications. Prepared technical artifacts including UML Class diagrams, Sequence diagrams etc., using YML tool.
Used MySQL data base to store data into columns, created new tables, rows, alter tables.
Used Cassandra DB to store the events sent via Kafka topic.
Hands on experience in writing the neo4j cypher queries, used apoc libraries, and created new nodes in DB.
Developed REST based web services supporting XML and JSON objects for communication
Used neo4j and Cassandra sink (DSE) connectors to receive messages which are published on Kafka bus to store in data base.
Created a Kafka streaming project to mimic the producer from consumer end.
Configured Kafka and zookeeper to read /write and to maintain partitions on Kafka cluster in different environments.
Participate in Agile ceremonies like daily scrum, grooming, sprint planning and retrospective meetings.
Used Kafka-Hq tool UI to view messages received on each topic, schema registry and consumer groups information.
Use of SOAP UI to verify the WSDL end point URL.
Experience working with Docker to improve our (CD) Continuous Delivery framework to streamline releases. Used JIRA for defect management and to keep track of bugs and issues.
Built application using MAVEN and used Log4J to generate log files for the application.
Used JIRA for bug tracking and new features tracking.
Providing support and guidance for Production and Implementation Issues.

Environment: Java 8, Spring Boot, Spring REST, Confluent Kafka 3.4, Neo4j, Cassandra, GraphQL, Apache Kafka, Spring Tool Suit (STS), Maven, Gradle, JSON, Kubernates, Docker, Datastax DevCenter, Dbeaver, Postman, SOAP UI, GitLab, Agile methodology (SAFe Agile Framework 4.0),GitHub, CA agile Central, Atlassian JIRA and Confluent.

Client- bioMerieux, St Louis, MO Oct17- Aug18
Role- Java/J2EE Developer
Project Name: Virtuo.
BACT/ALERT VIRTUO is the new standard in blood culture detection system from bioMérieux. The flexible platform fits into nearly any size lab, even outside the routine microbiology lab. With minimal training, the motion activated loading lets any skill level load the instrument.
Responsibilities:
Worked on Agile methodology including team-based design and code reviews.
Actively involved in Requirement Analysis, designing, development and testing of the entire application.
Enhance and modify the presentation layer and GUI framework that are written using JSP and client-side validations done using JavaScript.
Implemented navigation using Spring MVC controllers, configured controllers using Spring MVC annotations and configuration files.
Implemented spring framework Bean Factory & Application Context for bean initialization and configurations.
Used Spring AOP for logging, auditing, and security and transaction management to distinguish business logic from the crosscutting concerns.
Implemented the back-end functionality of the modules using Singleton and Session Facade design patterns.
Used Hibernate as an ORM tool to interact with the database.
Involved in development of POJO classes and writing Hibernate Query Language (HQL) queries.
Asynchronous messaging is done using JMS and created Queue for point to point messaging.
Developed REST web services using Spring MVC to extract client related data from database and used SOAP UI for testing these RESTFUL API web services.
Implemented Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) by developing and consuming RESTful web services based on JAX-RS and Jersey.
Integrated the application with Spring-MVC using Spring Boot, Spring Dependency Injection (DI), and Spring Annotations.
Build microservices using Spring Boot and Spring AOP, Spring core and deployed to AWS cloud.
Deployed Gradle for build automation and used Groovy for declaring project configuration.
Worked with DB2 and Wrote SQL Queries, Stored Procedures, triggers, views and integrated SQL Queries into DAO.
Resolving spring framework artifacts and code build & deployment with Maven.
Used Jenkins for continuous integration/continuous deployment.
Coordinated with testing team for timely release of product.
Environment: Java 8, J2EE, Spring MVC 3.0, Hibernate 3.0, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JSON,XML,GWT 3.4, JMS, SOAP, Axis2, Maven, Jenkins, Groovy, DB2, Postgres SQL, AWS Log4j, Perforce, Tomcat 8.0

Client- Edward Jones, St Louis, MO May 16- Sept 17
Role- Programmer Analyst
Description: Edward Jones is a financial service firm that offers commission-based and fee-based financial products.
Responsibilities:
Involved in designing services using -java/J2EE guidelines and different J2EE design patterns with JSP, Controller Servlets.
Involved in various phases of the Software Development Life Cycle including modeling, analysis, architecture design and development and testing phases.
Implemented Spring MVC framework to develop and configure the views and controller of Spring MVC. Familiar with Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) such as Agile and Waterfall methodologies.
Involved in developing RESTful Web Services. Used Web services for sending and receiving data between UI and midtier. Consumed RESTFUL Web services with JSON objects.
Developed DAO persistence layer using JDBC.
Developed the front-end user interface by utilizing the tiles framework and writing pages and templates JSP, HTML, JavaScript, CSS & JQuery, and implementing tag libraries.
Involved in development of the web pages using JSP, XHTML.
Designed and developed Spring Batch Applications to read data from flat files and databases.
Used JSF for automatic synchronize UI components, navigation handling and duplicate button press problem.
Used spring batch framework to create custom readers and writers to work with the application.
Used JDBC statements, Prepared Statements to make the connection with Oracle database.
Implemented various design patterns in the project such as Business Delegate, Data Transfer Object, Data Access Object and Service locator.
Used spring's test framework to create integration tests for various spring boot and spring batch applications.
Created various spring boot and spring batch applications to connect them to various databases and created queries to retrieve data and modify the tables for the databases.
Followed Test Driven Development during the development phase of the application.
Implemented test cases using Mockito, Power Mockito and Provide test coverage using E-Cobertura and Jacoco.
Involved in writing JSF that invoked various JavaScript files which in turn invoked various methods in the java classes by configuring the java objects in a bean which is maintained by the Spring IOC container.
Performed CRUD operations like Update, Insert and Delete data in MongoDB.
Worked on MongoDB database concepts such as locking, transactions, indexes, Sharding, replication, schema design, etc.
Written SQL queries and used DB2 stored procedure, functions, triggers, cursors, objects, sequences.
Written JUnit test cases for Business Objects, and prepared code documentation for future reference and upgrades.
Deployed applications using Web Logic Application Server.
Followed agile methodology and had meetings every day to the status of the current task and about future developments.
Environment: JAVA 1.6/1.7, J2EE, Spring 3.0, Spring boot, WSDL, Rest, SOAP Web Services, JavaScript, JMS, Agile Methodology, PL/SQL, Mongo DB, JSF, WebLogic, TOMCAT, Eclipse 3.5/4.4, jQuery, Ajax, Jenkins, Sonar, Maven3, CVS, JSON.

Client: Motorola Solutions, India. May13- Nov14
Role: Jr. Developer
Description: Motorola Solutions India is focused on enterprise and government customers. The engineers manage and lead global projects for embedded software, wireless protocols, firmware design and communication software. Moto Manager manages mission critical broadband elements as incremental releases. The project consists of two major modules: Fault Manager and Configuration Manager. The Fault Manager is developed using two different frameworks. The Fault Manager mainly focuses on Fault Management, Performance Management and Security Management modules.
Responsibilities:
Requirements study and Use Case study of the modules.
Key member in the design and development of the Fault Management module using Java, JDBC, XML, Web MS Framework, and MySQL.
Involved in writing SQL queries.
Involved in the design of the Meta Data Management layer which manages the dynamic change of metadata using Java, XML.
Effectively used design patterns wherever applicable.
Involved in using Core java concepts - Collections, Exception Handling, Multi-Threading, Serialization and other Java APIs.
Have successfully implemented the components in 'Moto Manager' in a very short span with less number of issues incorporating all the processes.
Involved in all the SDLC phases including requirements gathering, preparing High Level and Low Level Design documents, development and testing of the software.
Directly interfaced with client Motorola and provided support for critical issues.

Environment: Java 1.5, XML, Swing, JDBC, JAXB, RMI, MySQL database, CVS, Ant, Eclipse, Restful Web Service (API), MS Excel, MS Word.

EDUCATION:

Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science and Engineering, India.
Master’s in Computer Technology, Eastern Illinois University, USA
Contact this candidate