Sweta Makode
Fullstack Java Developer with AWS
Phone: 407-***-****
Email: adgy70@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/swetamakode/
Professional Summary
7+ years of software development experience in Banking & Manufacturing domains.
Hands on experience with AWS.
Expertise in Salesforce administration.
Excellent proficiency in core java concepts such as OOPS, Collections, Threading, generics, Exception handling, Thread pools.
Experience in spring framework.
Experience in building modular applications with Spring Boot.
Worked on experience in Soap & Restful web services.
Experience in RDBMS, SQL, and PL/SQL concepts.
Hands on experience in C++ and Php.
Hands on experiences in HTML, HTML5, CSS, CSS3,JQuery, Javascript, Ajax.
Understanding of container systems like Docker and container orchestration like EC2 Container Service, Kubernetes.
Familiarity with Rx( Reactive Extensions ).
Hands on experience in Angular JS 1.x, Angular JS 2.0
Hands on experience on TIBCO Spotfire.
Created application Health dashboard and alert system with the help of AppDynamics which help to get real-time insight from apps using Application Performance Monitoring & Management – how they are being used, how they are performing.
Experience on content management system like Joomla, Wordpress, Wordpress MU, OSCommerce, CodeIgnitor.
Worked on Application servers like Apache Tomcat, Web Logic Container on UNIX.
Experience in Shell scripting.
Good level of experience with designing and migrating applications to the cloud.
Experience in using Continuous Integration tools such as Jenkins.
Proficient in using Subversion (SVN), GIT for Version controlling.
Experience in developing unit test cases using Junit, Mockito framework and automating end-to-end acceptance tests using cucumber.
Good experience in working with software project management tools like Maven, ANT for building and managing applications
Proficient in analyzing and translating business requirements to technical requirements and architecture.
Ability to learn new tools/frameworks and implement the same as per the requirements.
Self-Motivated with strong Analytical, Coding and Debugging abilities.
Converting user requirements into technical design. Code review and responsible for meeting user requirements during development.
Trouble shooting problems, averting potential crisis situations through early detection.
Strong systems analysis skills to be able to identify and quickly resolve issues.
Independent worker with good documentation skills.

Education & Professional Certification
Course
Institution
University
Percentage
Master of Computer Application
SRGPGPI,Indore
R.G.P.V. University
81%
Bachelor of Computer Application
Govt. Geetanjali College, Bhopal
Barkatullah university
74%
AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner - Certified.
AWS Certified Solutions Architect (Associate) - Certified.

Professional Experience
Capgemini India Pvt. Ltd., November 2014 – March 2018
Wipro Technologies, April 2011 – November 2014
Cyber Infrastructure Pvt. Ltd., April 2010 – March 2011

Technical Skills
Languages

Java 1.x, J2EE,Php,C++
Application Framework

Spring, Web services,Servlets, JSP
Application server
Tomcat, Web sphere and Web logic.
Database
Sybase, Teradata, Oracle, MySQL
Scripting Languages
Angular JS 1.x,Angular JS 2.0, Java script, JQuery, Ajax
Tools
Spotfire, AppDynamics, Splunk
Markup Languages
HTML,HTML5,XML
Query Languages

SQL,PL/SQL
Style Sheet Languages

CSS,CSS3
Content Management System

Salesforce, Joomla, Wordpress, Wordpress MU, OSCommerce, Code Ignitor
Other
Eclipse RCP, Shell scripting, Web domain configuration
Version Control
Tortoise SVN, GIT, Perforce, Jenkins.
Shell script
UNIX scripting language
Autosys
Software to automate and schedule the jobs

Professional Profile
Professional Experience Capgemini India Pvt. Ltd

Client: Morgan Stanley
Role: Java Developer with Salesforce Admin
Project Details: Client have different policies for the different users like Standard user, IT user, IT Support user, Administrator. Based upon user policies, user will have different elevated access for Whitelisted and Blacklisted applications. Privilege Manager is based on different region like USA, EMEA etc.
It is a million-dollar business serving many customers across the globe, using Salesforce platform to maintain its huge business. They use various standard features of Salesforce like Opportunities, lead management, case management and ensure quick solutions to Partners as well as business growth.

Responsibilities:
Creates custom application, objects, tabs, fields with the custom functionality to efficiently meet the business requirement.
Defined lookup and master-detail relationships on the objects and created junction objects to establish connectivity among objects.
Created reports, dashboards, and processes to continuously monitor data quality and integrity and assisting users with report design and management.
Customized page layouts for Opportunity, Contacts, and Accounts depending upon user profiles and created permission sets where necessary.
Worked on Assigning creating Roles Hierarchy, Profiles and Security setup within the organization.
Responsible for setting up Field Level Security.
Developed custom Workflows and Assignment Rules for case escalation.
Implemented Field Level security for sensitive data holder fields.
Implemented Salesforce automation using web-to-case forms, email-to-case, assignment rules, automation and queues, auto response rules, escalation rules, chatter groups, person accounts, cases and solutions.
Created and used Email templates in HTML and Visualforce.
Involved in end-to-end testing and gathering feedback from business users Involved in Working with Standard Salesforce features like Objects, Workflows, Record Types, Page layouts, Workflow Rules, Case. Assignment Rules, and Escalation rules, Validation rules, Profiles, Roles, Reports and Dashboards etc.

Client: Morgan Stanley
Role: Java Developer Dec 2014 – Mar 2018
Project Details: ATG is an application developed to automate the processing of breaks. It automates break processing for NY and EU regions. Asia region breaks are processed manually by the users by running Omega reports. The ATG Workflow system is created using the existing firm-wide standard platforms including CPS, WorkQ, O2 and BREAD.

Responsibilities:
Participate in deep architectural discussions to build confidence and ensure customer success when building new and migrating existing applications, software, and services on the AWS platform.
Proactively monitor resources and applications using AWS Cloud Watch including creating alarms to monitor metrics.
Configure Windows/Linux servers as needed, troubleshoot issues, and recommend system enhancements.
Proposed and documented system designs that meet or exceed current business requirements.
Configured NACL and security groups, thus limiting malicious attacks from blacklisted range IP addresses
Configured and managed Elastic Load Balancer (ELB-ALB), to avoid single point of failure of application servers and web servers, thus providing high availability and network load balancing.
Monitored and test system performance for potential bottlenecks, identify possible solutions, and work with other team members to implement those fixes.
Understanding of the existing system.
Implemented BREAD system, to route the breaks.
Integration of BREAD in the existing system architecture, to replace savvion.
Unit Testing.
Deployment of the application.
Environment: AWS, Spring 3.0 framework and SOAP web services.

Client: Morgan Stanley
Role: Sr. Consultant Jan 2016 – Aug 2018
Project Details: International Stock Loan is responsible for P&L reporting for all international securities lending activities. The system calculates the collateral costs and generates a merged P &L. This P &L is used for management reporting and reporting to the desk.
The Query Service is the middle-tier for querying and providing metadata access layer to the DSL Database. Controllers Workbench UI interacts with the Reporting Service to generate reports and interactive analysis. The Finance DSL then performs reporting on that data. It currently handles five types of pre-configured requests. The requests are sent in XML from the UI, via the presentation layer. The requests include details of which values to return, and how to aggregate them. The responses are also in the form of XML and represent a tabular view of the report.

Responsibilities:
Understanding of the existing system.
Implementation of QS for the ISL application
Integration with the existing system.
Unit Testing.
Deployment of the application.
Current system analysis and Requirement gathering.
Plan & Design Architect strategy for application.
Development & deployment of the application.
Onsite client interaction, periodic status to be communicated to the client.
Carrying out project plan reviews.
Preparation of deployment plan.
Production deployment.
Environment: Spring framework and Restful web service.

Client: Morgan Stanley
Role: Java Developer Dec 2014 – Jan 2016
Project Details: Palnet is the reporting system. Controllers Workbench UI interacts with the middle tier via soap web service to generate reports and interactive analysis.

Responsibilities:
Understanding of the system.
E3 implentation in Palnet.
Palnet Migration to Solaris 5.10 env.
Palnet migration to AS6 env.
Unit Testing.
Deployment of the application.
Environment: Spring 3.0 framework and SOAP web services.

Prop Professional Experience Wipro Technologies April 2011 - Nov 2014
Client: Olympus Corporation, Japan
Role: Java Developer Feb 2014 - Nov 2014
Project Details: Venus- Luigs & Neumann application is the interface to operate the Luigs & Neumann hardware.
This interface allows the user to do remote setup with the hardware and provide the facility to operate on the various
features of the hardware.

Responsibilities:
Requirement understanding and analysis
Creation of high level and low-level design
Implementation of the application
Unit testing
Implemented of the simulator for the hardware.
Deployment of the application.
Environment: C++, Core Java, spring framework (Luigs & Neumann Hardware, Windows OS)

Client: Olympus Corporation, Japan
Role: Java Developer Nov 2013 to Nov 2014
Project Details: Venus- UserUsageTool application is the interface, accessed by the user having administrator access. It provides the interface to fetch the application specific logs for the time duration selected by the user through the interface. It also provides the feature to create the compressed file of the fetched log files for the time duration selected through the interface.
Responsibilities:
Requirement understanding and analysis
Creation of high level and low-level design
Implementation of the application
Unit testing
Deployment of the application
Environment: Core Java, Windows OS

Client: Olympus Corporation, Japan
Role: Java Developer Feb 2013 to Nov 2014
Project Details: Venus- Allegro is the eclipse RCP plugin application, used for interacting with various stages used in Microscope for creating various specimen images. This application interface allows the user to create various specimen images based on the configuration selected by the user through interface. This application interacts with hardware simulator as well as to hardware.

Responsibilities:
Studied the existing code and modified it for enhancements as per the requirements.
Modified the user interface for interacting with Microscope stages
Implemented the API to change the border color of CTabFolder not available in CTabFolder built in version
Environment: Core Java, Eclipse RCP

Eaton Corporation, Dublin, Ireland
Role: Java Developer July 2012 to Feb 2013
Project Details: The Energy Portal is part of the Power Xpert Multipoint Meter (PXMP) with the project name Spyder portal. The Energy Portal module software has two parts:

Responsibilities:
Firmware: responsible for communication with the Base Meter and the Web Portal Application
Web Portal Application: responsible to provide user interface over web and communication with the Firmware.
The Web Portal is a Java based web application and facilitates the user to connect to the PXMP meter through a web browser.
Involved in preparing the functional specification & design document for the modules assigned.
Designed the class diagrams for the modules assigned.
SSL implementation for the communication between web-application and firmware.
Developed the user interface for the modules.
Identified validations wherever required and done java coding to implement them across the portal application.
Build, deploying and flashing code on PXMP meter using Putty, Telnet and Tera term terminals.
Environment: PXMP Meter, Java, Linux, Windows OS

Project Name: Origin Energy, Melbourne, Australia
Role: Java Developer July 2011 - July 2012
Project Details: ORIGIN-HERALD-IMPLEMENT involves sub system testing, system integration testing, performance testing, security testing & SAP backend validation.
Application comprises of below modules:
1. My Accounts: User can maintain several energy accounts like electricity, gas for different premises. User can edit his personal details, manage enquiries like service, payment or general.
2. My Bills: User can make payment of bills using different payment options, view payment history and view energy consumption for different accounts.
3. Move: User can move his energy account from one premise to another and can also move out his account.
4. Offers and Quotes: User can create quotes for services available in different states and can buy the created quotes.

Responsibilities:
I have been involved in preparing the functional specification& design document for the modules assigned to me.
Designed the class diagrams for the modules assigned.
I have developed the user interface for the assigned modules.
Identified validations wherever required and done java coding to implement them across the application.
Environment: Struts, SAP, I-phone, Samsung-S2, Motorola, HTC, Nokia Lumia

Professional Experience Cyber Infrastructure Pvt. Ltd. April 2010 – Mar 2011
Project Name: Dynamic website generator
Project Details: It Provide the facility to create free website and number of pages in minutes. It allows the user to integrate many more additional features available in the shopping store of the website.
Provide the facility to surf the website in different languages and interface to the admin to manage the website text in different languages. Used Google API to create the multilingual website. Provide additional web space to the website users.

Responsibilities:
Responsible for requirement understanding & analysis.
Creating Low level and High-level design for the application Implementation
Deployment
Issues resolving
Environment: PHP, Mysql, Apache Server.
Contact this candidate