Professional Summary:
Around * years of IT experience in design, development, implementation and testing of Client-Server, Web Applications using Java/J2EE Technologies.
Experience in SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle) that includes Requirements Analysis, Design, Coding, Testing, Implementation, Maintenance with methodologies like Waterfall Model and Agile Methodology.
Experience in design and development of web-based applications using Java, JDBC, SQL, Servlets, JSTL, JSP, XML, Java-API and Spring.
Experience in Java concepts such as Collections, Multi-threading, Synchronization, Exception Handling and OOPS concepts.
Experience in client-side Technologies such as HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript and jQuery, AJAX, JSON.
Experience with the ORM tool Hibernate involving Connection pooling, Mappings, Transaction Management, HQL (Hibernate Query Language).
Expertise in installing and setting up MQ monitoring tools.
Excellent working knowledge in configuring multiple WebLogic domains including machines, manage servers, node managers, and cluster environments.
Hands on experience with scripting languages like Unix, Linux.
Experience in implementing SOA (Service Oriented Architecture) using Web Services (SOAP, WSDL, Restful, and JAX-WS) and REST Services.
Experience with using Apache Tomcat Server.
Used Maven scripts for building and deploying the application in web/App servers.
Proficient in Design Patterns such as Spring MVC, Singleton, Session Façade, Data Access Object, Factory and Business Delegate.
Experience in using various spring modules such as Spring MVC, Spring Batch, Spring DAO/ORM, Spring Transaction handling, Spring AOP, Spring JMS and Spring Context.
Hands on experience in building an enterprise scale highly componentized application using Angular Java Script
Experience in implementing CI/CD and test-driven development using Jenkins.
Proficient in writing SQL and PL/SQL queries, Stored Procedures, functions, and triggers in Oracle, MS-SQL, and MySQL.
Good experience in using ANT and Maven Build tools, JUnit for performing Unit testing and Log4j for logging.
Experience in designing and developing Amazon EC2, Amazon S3.
Worked with version control systems like GIT and SVN.

Technical Skills:
Programming Languages
Java/J2EE, C, SQL, PL/SQL
J2EE Technologies
Servlets, JSP, EJB, JMS, JSF, JDBC, JNDI, Web Services, Spring.
Web Technologies
HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, JSP, AngularJS, AJAX, JSON, XML.
Frameworks
Spring Boot, Spring, Struts, Hibernate, Angular-JS
XML/Web services
REST, SOAP, Apache-CXF, Jersey, JAX-WS, JAX-B, DOM.
IDE
Eclipse, Visual Studio, MYSQL Workbench, SQL Developer
Databases
MySQL, Oracle 10g, MS-SQL.
Methodologies
Agile, TDD and Waterfall
Web/Application Servers
Tomcat, WebLogic, WebSphere
Operating systems
Windows 8/10, Unix, Linux
Version Controls
GIT, SVN
Testing/ Debug Tools
JUnit, SoapUI, Postman, Selenium, Protractor, Log4J
Education:
Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science (Osmania university) - 2005

Professional Experience:
BlueCross BlueShield, Columbia, SC Oct 2018 – Present
Senior Java Developer
Description: BlueCross BlueShield of South Carolina is an independent licensee of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association. Promote and support healthier South Carolinians, particularly the economically vulnerable, by supporting solutions to address gaps in health care and serving as an agent of change to support innovation and value-added public-private partnerships.

Roles and Responsibilities:
Reviewed design documents & business requirements to learn the functionality and scope of the application.
Involved in SDLC requirements Gathering, Analysis, Design, Development of different Microservices.
Developed various Java Bean components for implementing business logic.
Used Maven to build the project and JUnit to develop the unit test cases.
Involved in Configuration and Usage of Apache Log4J for logging and debugging purposes.
Used Version of control (SVN) for creating the project structure and version controlling.
Used VersionOne for tracking of all the defects in the various environments.
Integrated Spring with struts and hibernate frameworks.
Wrote Hibernate Configuration file, hibernate mapping files and define persistence classes to persist the data into Oracle database.
Developed Controller for request, response paradigm by Spring Framework Controller using Spring-MVC.
Developed a tool to retrieve and send data to third party service provider by implementing RESTful web services to client applications.
Used Hibernate as the ORM mapping tool and worked with Hibernate Query Language (HQL).
Implemented caching techniques, wrote POJO classes for storing data and DAO's to retrieve data and did other database configurations using spring configuration file.
Analyzing and solving performance, transactional, Multithreading and Java memory issues.
Involved in designing and developing Amazon EC2, Amazon S3 and other services of the AWS infrastructure.
Implemented the Model View Control (MVC) structure and Developed Microservices using Spring Boot that create, update, delete and get the assignment information from backend.
Involved in application migration from older server environments to newer server environments providing high availability and accessibility.
Used Apache tomcat and WebLogic as an application server to deploy various components of application.
Involved in performance tuning of JVM and used Garbage Collection Algorithms for better performance.
Extensively worked with Java Collections like List, Set etc.
Worked with Angular 2 to develop single page applications, worked with ngrx for managing Angular applications.
Involved database design and responsible for creating and modifying Database objects.
Environment: Java8, Agile (SCRUM), JAX-WS and JAX-RS, SOAP, REST, Eclipse, Spring, Oracle 10g, HTML5, CSS3, Node JS, Angular 2, JavaScript, AWS, Log4j, JUnit, Maven, Jenkins, VersionOne, Selenium, Tomcat, WebLogic 12.1.3, GitLab

T-Mobile, Bellevue- WA Jan 2017 – Sep 2018
Senior Java Developer
Description: T-Mobile Universe 2.0/ Rebellion has three channels Retail, Care and Web. Retail Application is in store system, Care Application is used by Customer Care Representatives and Web Application is direct customer interactive system. All three systems interact with Façade API and have almost similar set of flows. Enterprise architecture has all three layers Façade, Core and Ericsson (backed system).

Roles and Responsibilities:
Involved in sprint planning, code review, and daily standup meetings to discuss the progress of the application.
Successfully accomplished Design, Development and Support phases of Software Life Cycle (SDLC).
Used AGILE methodology and participated in SCRUM meetings.
Designed and developed the User Interface (UI) components using Spring and maintained the session with Session Bean. Implemented databinding using AngularJS for front-end development of a current web application.
Developed Controller for request, response paradigm by Spring Framework Controller using Spring-MVC.
Developed a tool to retrieve and send data to third party service provider by implementing RESTful web services to client applications.
Used HTTP methods (GET/ POST/ PUT/ DELETE) to manipulate the resource or collection of resources.
Implemented security for application by declaring springs security filter chain and delegating filter proxy in web.xml.
Applied JSON as response type in REST services for customer user modules. Interacted with database using Hibernate Persistence Strategy.
Developed Hibernate mapping files using different mapping strategies such as table per class hierarchy.
Integrated Hibernate with Spring by coding a Spring Configuration file.
Worked with Oracle database to maintain the tables for customer module.
Configured JMS in the Apache Tomcat application server to send messages on the queue.
Configured various interceptors for transaction management, security, Audit logging (database) and logging using Spring AOP.
Performed unit testing using JUnit.
Provide support to the Clients in all phase of testing, project release and deployment activities and documented the flow and functionality of the code for further reference.
Used Maven as build tool in this application.
Developed and maintained UNIX shell scripts for data-driven automatic processing.
Environment: Java/J2EE, JSP, Java Spring Core/DAO, JSTL, EJB, JMS, XML, JDBC, IBM Web Sphere Application Server 7.0, Oracle, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Eclipse, Log4j, MCV, Tomcat, Hibernate

AIG, Jersey City, NJ Jul 2014 – Dec 2016
Java J2ee Developer
Description: UMS (Underwriting Management System) supports underwriting process by allowing agents to work on the Quote submissions at various stages from draft through policy issuance. It facilitates account management by providing cancel, renew, or non-renew features. It enhances electronic ordering and receipt of risk assessment data, improves electronic data evaluation, and includes real-time underwriting status features and electronic communication with agents. It tracks underwriting decisions as they were made, helping the insurer quickly respond to underwriting trends and changes in risk exposure.

Roles and Responsibilities:
Technical design, review, and implementation across the project. Developed UML diagrams like Use case, class, and sequence diagrams.
Designed and developed the application using agile Methodology and followed TDD, Scrum, pair programming.
Interacted coordinated with the Design team, Business analyst and end users of the system.
Designed and developed the project using MVC design pattern.
Used JSP, JavaScript, JSTL, and Validations provided by jQuery.
Deployment of Application in the Tomcat Server environment using Maven tool.
Implemented caching techniques, wrote POJO classes for storing data and DAO's to retrieve data and did other database configurations using spring configuration file.
Involved in Configuration and Usage of Apache Log4J for logging and debugging purposes.
Coordinated with web team and QA teams in smoke tests, load test and performance testing of the application.
Use of OOPs concept and other core java concepts like multithreading/concurrency, inheritance etc. in development.
Responsible for creating, reading, updating and deleting tables in the database as per requirements.
Involved in connecting database with Servlets and JDBC.
Designed JSON responses according to the request, send it back to the front end after the logic processing.
Developed JSP pages and the view and controller related files using the Spring Web MVC framework.
Environment: HTML, CSS, SQL, Ajax, JSON, XSLT, JSP, JSTL, Servlets, JDBC, Hibernate, JavaScript, Jenkins, Agile, jQuery, WebSphere, Oracle and Junit, Maven, Spring MVC, Spring Dependency Injection, Unix.

Wells Fargo - NYC, NY Jan 2012 – Jun 2014
Java Developer
Description: The eMortgage Web Platform is for the notification and allocation of upcoming and to be approved mortgage applications. Admin and Global level access facilitate to track the daily status obtained from upstream systems and generates mortgage tickets for the approved individual, Institutional and Retail customers in both residential & commercial platforms. It also allows managing Book of Business for each portfolio manager and alerts clients on every milestone.

Roles and Responsibilities:
Documented use cases, functional requirements based on the A&D using RUP and UML.
Analyzed and modified existing code wherever required and Responsible for gathering, documenting, and maintaining business and systems requirements, and developing designs document.
Incorporated Design Patterns like MVC, DAO and OOP.
Implemented Hibernate instead of traditional JDBC code.
Designed the applications using Struts MVC for easy maintainability.
Developed various helper classes needed following Core Java multi-threaded programming and Collection classes.
Used multithreading in programming to improve overall performance.
Worked with the Quality Assurance team in fixing the defects.
Supported the applications through debugging, fixing and maintenance releases.
Involved in the Maintenance and Code changes from existing code, Support of the System.
Involved in the configuration management using CVS.
Created several Exception classes to catch the error for a bug free environment and orderly logged the whole process using Log4j, which gives the ability to pinpoint the errors.
Analyzed web applications, documented detail Test plans, Test cases and expected results based on the business functional requirements.
Worked on designing and development of db2 tables & stored procedures.

Environment: Struts 1.2, JSP, Servlets, Tomcat, ANT, XML Spy, Rational Rose, UML, Eclipse, JavaScript, DHTML, HTML, CSS, AJAX, EJB 2.0, CVS, Log4j, DB2
Contact this candidate