T.C.Godakumbura
Associate Technical Lead
* ******
Library: Reactjs
Languages: Javascript, CSS, HTML5
Misc.: Data Structures
Frameworks: Angular, Angularjs, Bootstrap, ASP MVC IDE: Visual Studio, VS Code
Database: MySQL, MSSQL
Operating Systems: Microsoft Windows
Other Skills: Jquery, Sass, Less, NPM, Redux
2 EXPERIENCE
Mitra Innovation 2016, February - Present
Associate Technical Lead
Client description: This is a UK based project which they already have a business to reduce carbon savings from the people in homes, business, schools or any other industry. Client domain: Finance.
Business problem: This company is holding a business to save carbon savings from the people and they are giving solutions to reduce carbon wastage. We have developed a admin portal which can operate Administration activities and also for Client dashboard which support to see their carbon savings, reports and etc.
“To be able to obtain experience in the field of IT, when taking problems as challenges and willing to work dynamic environment with improving team spirit, While Contribute to organizations’ development and enhance my own knowledge, skills and self-motivation” Technology stack: Reactjs, Redux, RestAPI, CSS, SASS
Client description: Nutshell requires a set of API connectors developed that can be added to its no code mobile application development platform.
Client domain: Finance.
Business problem: There were 5 connectors integrate with current application and I had to work on few issues raised at that time.
Technology stack: Javascript, CSS, jQuery
Client description: This project is a platform where developing a solution for get funds from potential investors.
Client domain: Finance.
Business problem: We have developed a demo version of eb application using Reactjs and its released successfully.
Technology stack: Reactjs, Redux, RestAPI
Senior Software Engineer
Client description: This Is an innovative digital platform for homeowners with equity to purchase new property off the plan with no cash deposit.
Client domain: Finance.
Business problem: Have to implement few changes in the current applications and fix some issues already have.
Technology stack: Angular, HTML5, javascript, CSS, Bootsrap
Client description: This project Is a micro-investment app that lets people to invest small amounts of money in 'good businesses' and it has a website to interact with their client and to show their soulutions.
Client domain: Finance.
Business problem: Have to make changes in the current website and make it more mobile responsiveness.
Technology stack: HTML5, javascript, CSS, Bootsrap
Client description:This is a UK region project from Hestian, is a prepaid card program, designed especially for those organizing care or needing support, whatever their age or circumstance. Client domain: Finance. Business problem: Hestian team wanted to develop a web-based PWA support application to manage Customers/Carers’ cards using this application. This application provides Card transactions history, card details, load funds to cards, Funds transfer, and card/user management.
Solution: We are developing a PWA support web application to help Customers/Carers to manage their prepaid card service.
Technology stack: Reactjs, Redux, RestAPI
Client description: This organization is seeing the benefits of digitalizing processes. Their products are accessible via smartphones, tablets, and desktops, simultaneously and their customers have seen vast improvements in productivity and profitability alone, since adoption. Client domain: Logistics. Business problem: The client wanted to transform the current application to a java backend and react js frontend supported application. Solution: We have converted the current application to java backend and reactjs frontend application some features in that stage.
Technology stack: Reactjs, Redux, RestAPI
Client description: The project was for a client in the UK, who is promoting responsible drinking. Client domain: HealthCare.
Business problem: The client wants a website while having the ability to maintain the content and integrate Zoho as their customer management system. Solution: We developed a website using Kentico as a content management system. I was working as a UI designer for this project. Had to work on template creations according to the designs they provide. And worked on CMS related works.
Technology stack: .Net MVC, Kentico CMS, Zoho CRM, Sql Client description: The project was for a client in the UK, The business is Call recording through Quality monitoring, Speech analytics, Workforce management, and cloud contact center platforms.
Client domain:
Business problem: The client wants a modification for their current system which is transferring
(Extracting) millions of data(call recordings) from source to other clients destination locations for optimal way.
Solution: We proposed a solution with architectural design to make this Extraction process optimal. I was part of development team as a C# The developer and I made some code level changes. I was able to work with MSSQL related things, and wrote unit tests for previous and current code bases.
Technology stack: C#, .Net MVC, MSSQL

-
Client description: The project was for a client in the UK, who is promoting responsible drinking. Client domain: HealthCare.
Business problem: The client wants a website while having the ability to maintain the content and integrate Zoho as their customer management system. Solution: We developed a website using Kentico as a content management system. I was working as a UI designer for this project. Had to work on template creations according to the designs they provide. And worked on CMS related works.
Technology stack: .Net MVC, Kentico CMS, Zoho CRM, Sql
Software Engineer
Client description: The project was for a client in the UK, and this was using Q&E platform and digital dashboard for retailers and the travel industry to see their operational performance daily Client domain: Travel and leisure.
Business problem: The client wanted that analytical data in the digital dashboard and reports based on the data.
Solution: We did modifications to the current dashboard according to their new requirement and did data analytics and generated reports accordingly. I was part of front-end development while creating HTML templates and data binding. Did a lot of animations and style related developments other than above.
Technology stack: Python, AngularJs, Javascript, Jquery, HTML, CSS, Node js
Client description: The project was for a client in the UK, this product consists of a base station with environmental sensing capabilities and a tablet interface, paired with a wrist-strap which provides heart-rate, and temperature measurements together with an accelerometer to detect falls, seizures, and to monitor tremor. It also provides range and location data. Client domain: HealthCare.
Business problem: The clients wanted the there basic feature to be developed and release Solution: We have developed web projects and supported backend services. I was part of the frontend team, I had to work on mostly AngularJs and after Angular developments. While developing HTML and CSS things. Had some experiences in 3rd party libraries related to data populations (graphs and charts ..)
Technology stack: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Angular JS, Angular, JQuery, BootStrap, VS code, Git
Associate Software Engineer
Client Description: The project was for a client in the Netherlands, who is in support for shipments.
Client Domain : Travel and leisure.
Business Problem: The client's current system was supported by an online booking system, there are various options for sending clients shipments. Solution: We supported to enhanced there current system to provide the services Technology Stack: JavaScript, AngularJS, HTML, CSS, Bitbucket 3 EDUCATION
University of Kelaniya 2013-2016
Department of Industrial management
Bachelor of Science in Information Technology (Hons) in Management and Information Technology (MIT).
4 CERTIFICATIONS
Followed a course on Java SE OCPJP from Esoft, Bambalapitiya. 5 CONTACT DETAILS
Address: 107/C, Mobile: +947********
Galahitiyawa,
Ganemulla,
Srilanka.
Contact this candidate