Ajay Ashok Gokhale,
Sr PHP Web Developer
I am having 10+ years of experience with various esteemed organizations. I worked individually as well as with a team on different Software Development projects.
Being expertise in PHP [MVC Framework], and CSS 3, I assist and worked on numerous development projects while working with my organizations and clients. I handled domestic as well as international clients.
Current Assignment –
Currently, I am working with Call Me Information Services Pvt. Ltd. 2016 as a Senior Web Developer and Team Leader.
Area of Expertise –
LinkedIn Profile: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ajay-gokhale-41068b25
PHP (Laravel 7, 8,9/ CodeIgniter Framework 2.x, 3.x/ Core PHP) For product development,
-API Development / REST API (Web Service)
-Core PHP, MVC with CodeIgniter, Laravel – REST API, Product Development
API (REST)
-API in Laravel or CodeIgniter
JavaScript, jQuery,
-Customize Plugin, validations, AJAX

HTML5, Bootstrap
-Responsive layout, mobile compatible website

SEO (Basic SEO Techniques), Web page speed optimize
-Image Optimize, minify CSS, minify JS, minify HTML, Web page load time

GitHub / Bitbucket for Backup / Version Control
Hosting: AWS / S3 / EC2
(Now upgrading one of our modules to MongoDB / Nodejs / REST API for Mobile Development)
Server: Linux based (For local WAMP / XAMPP)

Optimize Web Pages / Page Load Speed
Reports and Analysis

Some Major Projects I worked with
1) Sr. Web Developer and Team Leader at Call Me Information Services Pvt. Ltd.
Aug 2016 to Till Date
In-house development with PHP, Custom PHP Development with CodeIgniter, API Development, AWS EC2, S3, etc.
- Currently Working Project:
Project: “Directory listing project” (I am working on this project since 2014 when I am working at my previous company I.e., Enrich Web Technologies Pvt. Ltd)
This is a directory listing project. This project is divided into 4 sections.
a) User / Visitor: who will browse the site from the front-end, search business as per categories/requirements, get information via email or on phone via SMS
b) Client / Customer: who will register their business (shops, hotels, organizations, services)
c) Agent / Admin: Who is working on behalf of the company, collecting information and updating the database, also works as a call center for the company.
d) Super admin: manage all data and provide reports as per requirements. (Visitor log – category wise, search keyword wise, send and receive SMS / emails, etc.)
This is an ongoing project, currently working on Maharashtra state, Plan for in next 2 years to work all over India.
(I am responsible for all coding part / UI integration parts. For this project I have one Jr. PHP developer, One Tester who tests all functionality in various ways)
We are following this process to finalize the work/coding.
a) Finalize requirements with the client and decide the Priority.
b) After doing my work (coding and testing on local environment) - Status: QC Pending
c) Tester will check the work and mark as Status: QC complete or QC bug/issue etc
d) After tester "QC Complete" we will transfer to our alpha version - Status: QC Alpha
e) For beta testing we will create a replica of the live site and update changes on Beta and Check Thoroughly
f) Client is also checking on Beta
g) After Beta-Approved we make changes live.
h) And this is the state where we can say that the process/task is complete.
As a self-performance review, I have saved all the milestones and timings and checked where we have stuck and take more time than expected. On every 2nd and 4th Saturday I and My team will discuss those tasks and issues.

2) Sr. Web Developer and Team Leader at Enrich Web Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
July 2013 to August 2016
In-house development with PHP, Custom PHP Development with CodeIgniter, API Development, WordPress Theme Customization, WordPress Theme development from scratch, WordPress Plugin Development. WHMCS Module
Project A: “E-Learning Project for Grade-I to Grade X”
The main theme of this project is to improve vocabulary, find the meaning of words, pronunciation of words, reading comprehension, etc. Parents or student registered on the website, based on their plan will create their study plan or use a predefined study plan, and practice words as per weekly / monthly targets. Task a vocabulary or words test, check progress if require they can retake the same or new test.
This project is currently in the Testing / Beta phase. (UI / UI Related requirements are finalized by the client, I am responsible for the rest of the coding/maintenance part)
Project B: “Directory listing project”
I am working on this project in my current company I.e. Call Me Information Services Pvt. Ltd.
3) Web Developer (Freelancer/Independent Activity)
From Jan 2010 to Jul 2013

Responsibilities:
Create and maintain websites. Provide customize solutions. Integration frame, Create Templates, Plug-in for WordPress, CMS with CodeIgniter, etc.
Various Projects

4) Web Developer / Team Leader (Ishwar LLC) – on Project / Contract Basis
From April 25, 2008, to Jan 2010
http://www.ishwar.com
Responsibilities:
I took the role of programmer in the organization and worked with the development of web-based applications in the environment of PHP. I was involved in the total development cycle of this system from design to implementation stage which gave me a clear idea of the whole project life cycle. Working as a team lead (Team size 3 – 5). Assigning tasks to co-workers, Team members. Integrate with the framework. Developed our own CMS as per requirement
I was involved in unit-level testing and prepared test plans and test cases and conducted testing of several modules efficiently.
Work on various client's websites, especially US Self Storage Websites

5) Executive Programmer (Enrich Web Tech. Pvt. Ltd.)
(March 2007 to 24 April 2008)
http://www.enrichelife.com
Responsibilities:
I took the role of programmer in the organization and worked with the development of web-based applications in the environment of PHP. I was involved in the total development cycle of this system from design to implementation stage which gave me a clear idea of the whole project life cycle. Integrate with the framework. I was involved in unit-level testing and prepared test plans and test cases and conducted testing of several modules efficiently.
Outsource Project work (Hourly / Project-based) oDesk.com
Handling Clients and Projects
Domain Whois Registration Database - Integrate with Framework (Sugar CRM)

6) Chate Group
(March 2006 to February 2007)
Responsibilities:
I took the role of the in-house developer in the organization and worked on the development of a desktop App based on VB6 and related websites on ASP.NET

7) CharmingHealth.com
(January 2000 to February 2006)
Responsibilities:
I took the role of Website Administrator and Developer in the organization and worked with the development / maintain the website. Manage customer Details and Newsletters Data. Integrate PayPal and 2CO Gateway
Education:
I.T.I. in Shree Huzoor Sahib I.T.I. Nanded in 1993 (81.14%)

Certifications:
MCP 2.0 Certified Professional Oct, 2005
(Microsoft Certified Professional – Microsoft® Visual Basic® .NET and Microsoft® Visual Studio® .NET MCP ID: 3500353)
Google Digital Unlocked (The Online Marketing Fundamentals) 13-Jul-2017

Strengths and Skills:
• Excellent Technical Skill
• Efficient Programming Skills and experience
• Good Communication skills
• Have good Analytical ability
• Have proven ability to handle clients and achieve the goal targeted
• Effective and Efficient problem solver with an open mind

(Ajay Ashok Gokhale)
(M: 937*******, Skype: ajay.gokhale )

Name: Ajay Ashok Gokhale
Email: adsuss@r.postjobfree.com
Skype: ajay.gokhale
Mobile: +91-937*******
Contact this candidate