BECKY NISTTAHUZ
Denver, CO • 720-***-**** • adwwjz@r.postjobfree.com
Linkedin / Github
SUMMARY
Backend developer with a background in K-12 teaching and property management. Looking to combine skills of problem-solving, leading teams and communicating with various stakeholders with passion for building well-tested apps and working in a team environment.
SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT SKILLS
● Ruby on Rails
● Rspec
● Postman
● Heroku
● GitHub
● CRUD operations
● Test Driven Development
● PostgreSQL
● Active Recor
● RESTful Routing
● Agile Development
● SQL Database
● JQuery
● Database Schema
● Effective communication
● Team Collaboration
● Project Management
● MVC Model
● Peer code review
● API consumption
● Trilingual Speaker
PROJECTS
Foodive-Github 15-Day Group Project
Collaborated with 7 students in a 7-person team to develop an application using agile process and focusing on Service Oriented Architecture. The backend code was written in Python on Django.
Developed an application to randomly select restaurants in the user’s area by clicking a button. A restaurant’s rating, price, and food category are displayed once selected.
Used continuous integration tools to build and automate the deployment of features. TheList-GitHub 10-Day Group Project
Created a complete backend and frontend web application with a team of 6. Users can browse movies and books, recommend them to friends and store their recommendations.
Utilized Bootstrap to create a user interface of production quality. Viewing Party Lite 5-Day Duo Project
A Rails application allows users to explore movie options and create online viewing parties. Consumed Movie Database APIs for movie viewing information.
Tested the entire application using Rspec
PROFESSIONAL WORK EXPERIENCE
New Horizons School Boulder, CO
Lead Teacher February 2017 – November 2021
Taught preschoolers in a group of 25-30 kids per class.
Incorporated students’ desires and needs into daily planning.
Created and designed an innovative curriculum, making changes based on student feedback, behavior, or performance on tasks.
Boulder Housing Boulder, CO
Property Manager January 2016 – January 2017
Managed property operations in compliance with Fair Housing Laws.
Responsible for compliance reporting and office management.
Supervised small teams of 5 at each site.
EDUCATION & TRAINING
Turing School of Software and Design Denver, CO
Backend Engineering Program, Certification of Completion Graduation Date: September 2022
Certificate of Completion in Backend Engineering
ACCET-accredited 7-month program
Metropolitan State University Denver, CO
Bachelor of Arts Degree in Education Graduation Date: May 2011
Contact this candidate