RAMYA MOUNIKA KOTHA
Email: adxt6l@r.postjobfree.com
Contact: 469-***-****

Professional Summary
I have 10+ years of IT experience in design, development, implementation and testing of Client-Server, Web Applications using Java/J2EE Technologies.
Experience in SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle) that includes Requirements Analysis, Design, Coding, Testing, Implementation, Maintenance with methodologies like Waterfall Model and Agile Methodology.
Experience in design and development of web-based applications using Java, JDBC, SQL, Servlets, JSTL, JSP, XML, Java-API and Spring.
Experience in Java concepts such as Collections, Multi-threading, Synchronization, Exception Handling and OOPS concepts.
Experience in client-side Technologies such as HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript and jQuery, AJAX, JSON.
Experience with the ORM tool Hibernate involving Connection pooling, Mappings, Transaction Management, HQL (Hibernate Query Language).
Expertise in installing and setting up MQ monitoring tools.
Excellent working knowledge in configuring multiple WebLogic domains including machines, manage servers, node managers, and cluster environments.
Hands on experience with scripting languages like Unix, Linux.
Experience in implementing SOA (Service Oriented Architecture) using Web Services (SOAP, WSDL, Restful, and JAX-WS) and REST Services.
Experience with using Apache Tomcat Server.
Used Maven scripts for building and deploying the application in web/App servers.
Proficient in Design Patterns such as Spring MVC, Singleton, Session Façade, Data Access Object, Factory and Business Delegate.
Experience in using various spring modules such as Spring MVC, Spring Batch, Spring DAO/ORM, Spring Transaction handling, Spring AOP, Spring JMS and Spring Context.
Hands on experience in building an enterprise scale highly componentized application using Angular Java Script
Experience in implementing CI/CD and test-driven development using Jenkins.
Proficient in writing SQL and PL/SQL queries, Stored Procedures, functions, and triggers in Oracle, MS-SQL, and MySQL.
Good experience in using ANT and Maven Build tools, JUnit for performing Unit testing and Log4j for logging.
Experience in designing and developing Amazon EC2, Amazon S3. Worked with version control systems like GIT and SVN.

Work History

Verizon – Tampa, FL April 2021 – Till Date
Role: Java J2ee Developer
Description: Verizon is a telecommunications company, involved in the development of capital budget management web application. The application also has ERP interface thus reducing the complexity and improving the governance.

Involved in SDLC requirements Gathering, Analysis, Design, Development of different Microservices.
Involved in design, development and implementation of business applications using Java/J2EE technologies.
Utilized Spring MVC and HibernateJPA framework for development.
Used Hibernate ORM tools which automate the mapping between SQL databases and objects in Java.
Extensively used Hibernate in data access layer to access and update information in the database.
Integrated Spring DAO for data access using Hibernate.
Created hibernate mapping files to map POJO to DB tables.
Developing application using Spring core module and POJO's using Eclipse.
Debugged and fixed the SQL stored procedures.
Utilized Log4j logging for debugging and monitoring purposes.
Designed and developed REST web services.
Developed Microservices using Spring Boot that create, update, delete and get the assignment information from backend.
Extensively worked with Java Collections like List, Set etc.
Used Apache tomcat and WebLogic as an application server to deploy various components of application.
Involved in performance tuning for better performance.
Involved database design and responsible for creating and modifying Database objects.

Premier Inc -Pittsburgh, PA Sep 2017 – March 2021
Role: Java J2ee Developer
Description: Premier Inc as a healthcare improvement company uniting an alliance of approximately 4,000 U.S. hospitals and health systems and more than 175,000 other providers and organizations. As an industry leader, Premier has created one of the most comprehensive databases of actionable data, clinical best practices, and efficiency improvement strategies.

Involved in SDLC requirements Gathering, Analysis, Design, Development of different Microservices.
Developed various Java Bean components for implementing business logic.
Used Maven to build the project and JUnit to develop the unit test cases.
Involved in Configuration and Usage of Apache Log4J for logging and debugging purposes.
Used Version of control (SVN) for creating the project structure and version controlling.
Used VersionOne for tracking of all the defects in the various environments.
Integrated Spring with struts and hibernate frameworks.
Wrote Hibernate Configuration file, hibernate mapping files and define persistence classes to persist the data into Oracle database.
Developed Controller for request, response paradigm by Spring Framework Controller using Spring-MVC.
Developed a tool to retrieve and send data to third party service provider by implementing RESTful web services to client applications.
Used Hibernate as the ORM mapping tool and worked with Hibernate Query Language (HQL).
Implemented caching techniques, wrote POJO classes for storing data and DAO's to retrieve data and did other database configurations using spring configuration file.
Analyzing and solving performance, transactional, Multithreading and Java memory issues.
Involved in designing and developing Amazon EC2, Amazon S3 and other services of the AWS infrastructure.
Implemented the Model View Control (MVC) structure and Developed Microservices using Spring Boot that create, update, delete and get the assignment information from backend.
Involved in application migration from older server environments to newer server environments providing high availability and accessibility.
Used Apache tomcat and WebLogic as an application server to deploy various components of application.
Involved in performance tuning of JVM and used Garbage Collection Algorithms for better performance.
Worked with Angular 2 to develop single page applications, worked with ngrx for managing Angular applications.
Involved database design and responsible for creating and modifying Database objects

Honeywell, India Dec 2015 – May 2017
Role: Java Developer
Description: On time product is collaborative communication tool. The product is used to organize the organization. Collaborative means work together and using this tool for communication and management. It has various facilities to communicate the employees through SMS, Email, Instant Message, Schedule Web Meeting and Conference. All types of communication are context based.

Technical design, review, and implementation across the project. Developed UML diagrams like Use case, class, and sequence diagrams.
Designed and developed the application using agile Methodology and followed TDD, Scrum, pair programming.
Interacted coordinated with the Design team, Business analyst and end users of the system.
Designed and developed the project using MVC design pattern.
Used JSP, JavaScript, JSTL, and Validations provided by jQuery.
Deployment of Application in the Tomcat Server environment using Maven tool.
Implemented caching techniques, wrote POJO classes for storing data and DAO's to retrieve data and did other database configurations using spring configuration file.
Involved in Configuration and Usage of Apache Log4J for logging and debugging purposes.
Coordinated with web team and QA teams in smoke tests, load test and performance testing of the application.
Use of OOPs concept and other core java concepts like multithreading/concurrency, inheritance etc. in development.
Responsible for creating, reading, updating, and deleting tables in the database as per requirements.
Involved in connecting database with Servlets and JDBC.
Designed JSON responses according to the request, send it back to the front end after the logic processing.
Developed JSP pages and the view and controller related files using the Spring Web MVC framework.

Indi Technology -India May 2013 – Nov 2015
Role: Java Developer
Description: RAST is the web application for storage and tracking of Rating Applications by the US and Global Fundamental Issuer Relation (IR) groups. This is the central repository for storing Rating Applications and to monitor which Applications had been sent and received to track whether Applications had been signed by Issuers was received or not.

Worked on multiple projects simultaneously.
Closely worked with business system analyst to understand the requirements to ensure that right set of UI modules been built.
Responsible for the implementation of application system with Core Java.
Wrote application-level code to perform client-side validation using jQuery and JavaScript.
Designed the front-end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, and CSS3.
Formulate and define system scope and objective based on user needs and thorough understanding of business processes.
Participated in numerous creative brainstorm sessions with strategists, storyboards, design specifications, and screen layouts that were shared with Directors and other team members.
Developed web presentation layer using HTML and CSS according to internal standards and guidelines.
Developed Servlets and JSPs based on MVC pattern using Struts framework and Spring Framework.
Directed towards full stack development using both front-end driven and core concepts. Equipped utilizing Spring Framework.
Involved in test-cases using JUnit, debugging Implementation and deployment activities. Successfully involved in test driven development model using JUnit.
Handled all aspects of the web application including maintaining, testing, debugging, deploying, and printing.
Involved in Unit integration, bug fixing, acceptance testing with test cases, Code reviews.
Worked with teams where requirements are constantly being implemented, tested, and improved.
Worked on Cross-Browser compatibility and fixed the bugs for several browsers.
Designed the table fewer web applications using CSS and with the help of and tags as per W3C standards.
Continuously provide input to project management activities throughout the project lifecycle influencing scope, risk plan, project plan, issues, and status.

Skills
Programming Languages:
Java J2ee, C, SQL, PL/SQL
J2EE Technologies:
Servlets, JSP, EJB, JMS, JSF, JDBC, JNDI, Web Services, Spring
Web Technologies:
HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, JSP, AngularJS, AJAX, JSON, XML
Frameworks:
Spring Boot, Spring, Struts, Hibernate, Angular JS
XML/Web services:
REST, SOAP, Apache-CXF, Jersey, JAX-WS, JAX-B, DOM
IDE: Eclipse, Visual Studio, MYSQL Workbench, SQL Developer
Databases: MySQL, Oracle 10g, MS-SQL
Methodologies: Agile, TDD and Waterfall
Web/ Application Servers: Tomcat, WebLogic, WebSphere
Operating systems: Windows 8/10, Unix, Linux
Version Controls: GIT, SVN
Testing/ Debug Tools: JUnit, SoapUI, Postman, Selenium, Protractor, Log4J
Education
Bachelor’s: Lakireddy Balireddy college of engineering 2009-2013

Environment: Java8, Agile (SCRUM), SOAP, REST, Eclipse, Spring, MySQL, Angular 2, JavaScript, Log4j, Maven, Tomcat, GitLab

Environment: Java8, Agile (SCRUM), JAX-WS and JAX-RS, SOAP, REST, Eclipse, Spring, Oracle 10g, HTML5, CSS3, Node JS, Angular 2, JavaScript, AWS, Log4j, JUnit, Maven, Jenkins, VersionOne, Selenium, Tomcat, WebLogic 12.1.3, GitLab

Environment: Java/J2EE, JSP, Java Spring Core/DAO, JSTL, EJB, JMS, XML, JDBC, IBM Web Sphere Application Server 7.0, Oracle, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Eclipse, Log4j, MCV, Tomcat, Hibernate

Environment: HTML, CSS, SQL, Ajax, JSON, XSLT, JSP, JSTL, Servlets, JDBC, Hibernate, JavaScript, Jenkins, Agile, jQuery, WebSphere, Oracle and Junit, Maven, Spring MVC, Spring Dependency Injection, Unix.
Contact this candidate