Ariel Omerez
ady33u@r.postjobfree.com
314-***-****
Creve Coeur, MO 63141

SUMMARY

A Highly Talented Professional with more than 12 years of experiences in the IT industries with strong experiences in application development and implementation of Web based Applications using JAVA Enterprise Edition on Windows/Linux/UNIX platforms.
Well-versed in Web Application Technologies such as HTML, HTML 5, CSS, CSS 3, JavaScript, JQuery, Ajax, XML, XSLT, Json, Dojo, Angular JS, Bootstrap, Maven.
Implemented projects using J2EE technologies like EJB, JPA, CMP, Hibernate, Facelets, Primefaces, JSP and Servlets.
Developed applications using J2EE Frameworks like Struts, Spring and JSF.
Has coding experiences using J2EE Design Patterns like Session Façade, Session Bean Locator, DAO, Singleton, Adapter, Bridge, Facade, Iterator, etc.
Implemented projects using application servers like WebSphere, Tomcat, Jboss and Glassfish.
Have used different kinds of Integrated Development Environment (IDE) like STS, Eclipse, RAD, RSA, and NetBeans.
Good experiences using different kinds of databases like Oracle, DB2, MS SQL Server and MySQL.
Created Unit Testing using frameworks like Junit, Testing and Mockito.
Have implemented an Enhancement using the Reporting Tools Jasper Reports and Forms.
Coding experiences in Restful(JAX-RS) and SOAP(JAX-WS) Webservices.
Experiences in Shell Scripting and Perl Programming in a project.
Thorough experiences in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
Have done projects doing the Analysis and Design of Databases (Entity Relationship Diagram).
Strong experiences of Object Oriented Analysis and Design (UML)
Solid experiences in Agile Process Model.
Thorough experiences of Test Driven Development(TDD)
Knowledge of Kubernetes and Docker
Experience coding in a Multithreaded environment.
Experiences in Microservices Development using Spring Boot.
Experiences in Microservices Development using Spring Cloud Technologies(Ribbon, Eureka, Akana Gateway, Hystrix, etc).
Coding experience in PL/SQL Programming (Functions, Stored Procedures, Triggers) in Oracle.
Experience implementing and configuring Message Queues(WebSphere) for JMS Messaging.
Have done a project doing the Test Cases, Test Suits and Test Scripts.
Experience Junit and Mockito Test Case Implementation.
Experience Performance Testing using JMeter.
Experiences with cloud servers comparable to Amazon WS, Windows Azure and IBM BlueMix.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Mathematics (with Computer Science), University of the Philippines, April 2008

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Operating Systems
Windows, Linux, Unix
Databases
Oracle, DB2, MS SQL Server, MySQL, MongDB
Database Programming
PL/SQL (Stored Procedures, Functions, Triggers)
Programming Languages
Java, Perl
MVC Frameworks
Struts, Spring, JSF
ORM
Hibernate, JPA, CMP
EJB Technologies
EJB 2.1, EJB 3.0, MDB, JMS, MQ
GUI/ IDE
Eclipse, RSA, RAD, NetBeans, STS
Version controls
CVS, RTC, SVN, git, TFS, bitbucket
Unit Testing
JUnit, Testing
Authentication
LDAP, Spring Security, Database Realm
Web Services
JAX-RS(Restful), JAX-WS(SOAP)
JS Frameworks
React JS, Angular JS, JQuery, Dojo
Application Servers
WebSphere, Tomcat, Jboss and Glassfish
Performance Testing
JMeter
Reporting Tool
Jasper Reports
Web Related
HTML, HTML 5, CSS, CSS 3, JavaScript, Ajax, XML, XSLT, Jasper Reports, Json, Maven, Log4j

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

09/16/2019 – 08/04/2023
Charter Communications
Maryland Heights, Missouri 63043
Software Developer III

Mobile IT is a system of Charter Communications that caters on creating new Accounts, Lines, Orders, etc. It is a Mobile App written in Java/J2EE Technologies with Angular JS as the front end technology. I am assigned in the back end microservices development and maintenance of the application. It is using Spring for the MVC framework, Spring Boot as the build tool for the microservices, Hibernate for the ORM, Oracle for the SQL Database, MongoDB for the NOSQL database, Tomcat for the application server, STS for the IDE, Log4j for the Logger and git/bitbucket for the version control. For the front end technologies, it is using jquery and Angular for the JS framework.

Involved in all the phases of software development from the Analysis of the Mobit Tickets, Coding, Unit and Integration Testing.
Fixed defects that are found on the Mobit and Octane Tickets.
Coded enhancements of BIS and Order Fulfillment Team Microservices.
Updated the Technical Design Documents of the Create/Update Customer and Notifications Microservices.
Made some of the microservices using Spring Boot and Spring Cloud Technologies(Ribbon, jhipster naming server, Akana Gateway, etc).
Built and Deployed the microservices into some environments using jenkins.
Tested the assigned deployment tickets on the different environments of the system.
Fixed the issues found on the back end side of the Webservices(Restful).
Coded Unit Test Cases and Code Coverages using JUnit and Mockito.
Supported PROD Environment Issues.
Trained grad hires of all the functionalities and use cases of BIS and Order Fulfillment Microservices.
Tested the microservices using postman for the issues found.
Fixed the errors found on its Webservices(Restful).
Environment: Java 1.8, Tomcat, Spring MVC, Spring Boot, Angular, Maven, Gradle, Hibernate, Junit, Mockito, MongoDB, Oracle, STS, Log4j, Webservices(RESTFUL), git/bitbucket, postman, Jenkins, splunk, data dog

07/24/2018 – 07/31/2019
Deloitte
Salem, Oregon 97302
Full Stack Java/J2EE Developer

Origin is a system of Oregon Department of Justice that caters on the adoption of kids. It is a Web App written in Java/J2EE Technologies. I am assigned in both the front end and back end development of the application. It is using Struts 1 for the MVC framework, Spring Batch for the batch processing, Hibernate for the ORM, DB2/Oracle for the database, Websphere for the application server, MyEclipse for the IDE, Log4j for the Logger and RTC for the version control. For the front end technologies, it is using jquery for the javasript library, jsp for the view technology and tiles for the template.

Involved in all the phases of software development from the Analysis of the Change Request, Coding, Unit and Integration Testing.
Fixed defects that are found on the Change Requests.
Coded enhancements from the Front End layer, to the Controller, EJB layer, down to the Service layer and Hibernate transactions.
Updated the Technical Design Documents of some of the Change Requests.
Tested the assigned Change Requests on the different environments of the system.
Updated the batch jobs that are being impacted by the assigned Change Requests.
Fixed some of the defects found on the batch jobs.
Fixed the issues found on the back end side of the Webservices(SOAP)
Coded and fixed the enhancements needed for the front end side of the Webservices(SOAP).
Tested the Webservices using SOAP UI for the acceptable format of its request.xml.
Fixed the errors found on the response.xml of its Webservices(SOAP).
Environment: Java 1.8, WebSphere 9, Struts 1, Spring(Security, Batch, MVC), EJB, Hibernate, DB2/Oracle, HTML/HTML 5, CSS/CSS 3, JSP, JQuery, JavaScript, Servlet, MyEclipse, XML, Log4j, Webservices(SOAP and REST), RTC, RiverSQL

08/14/2017 – 06/14/2018
Wisconsin Department of Justice
Madison, Wisconsin 53707
Senior Programmer Analyst

Arrest Record Management System(ARMS) is a system for all the Arrest Records of Wisconsin Department of Justice. It is a Web App written in Java/J2EE. I am assigned for the development and maintenance of this Web Application. We used Spring for the MVC framework, Spring Boot for the build tool of the microservices, Hibernate for the ORM, Jasper Reports for the Reporting Tool, Oracle for the database, HTML/HTML 5, CSS/CSS 3, JQuery and Angular JS for the front-end technologies, Eclipse for the IDE, Log4j for the Logger, CVS for the version control and Maven for the build tool.

Involved in all the phases of software development from the Analysis of the User Stories, Design (UML and Database), Coding, Unit and Integration Testing.
Coded the Enhancements of the application using Spring from the Controller, Service Class, DAO Layer and Transactions.
Coded an Enhancement that involved doing transactions in processing volumes of records using Spring Batch.
Made some of the microservices using Spring Boot and Spring Cloud Technologies(Ribbon, Eureka, API Gateway, Hystrix, etc).
Built and Deployed the microservices WAR files into the cloud server.
Implemented the Enhancements that involved Front End Technologies using jQuery, angular, css, jsp.
Involved in PL/SQL Programming (Stored Procedures, Functions and Triggers) of the Application using Oracle database.
Configured the authentication of the system using LDAP (Active Directory) and Spring Security.
Involved in Object Oriented Design for each of the Enhancements requested using UML.
Made the Test Cases of the Defects and Enhancements that will be used by the Users and the Business Analyst.
Troubleshoot the issues found in the application during the deployment in Dev, Integrated Dev and Staging Servers.
Involved for performance tuning of Tomcat Application Server and Oracle Database.
Environment: Java 1.8, WebSphere 8, Tomcat8, Struts 1, Spring (MVC, Security, Boot, AOP), EJB, Hibernate, Oracle, HTML/HTML 5, CSS/CSS 3, JSP, JQuery, JavaScript, Angular 2, Servlet, RAD, Eclipse, XML, Oracle, Log4j, Microservices, Webservices, CVS, Maven, JMeter

03/06/2016 – 06/30/2017
Missouri Department of Transportation
Jefferson City, Missouri 65101
Programmer Analyst

Sign Management System is an Inventory System for Signs used by the Missouri Department of Transportation (MoDOT). It is made up of Client Apps which is in .NET(WinForms) and Web App written in Java/J2EE. The Client Apps will be used by the users to upload the inspected signs in the Missouri area to the Central Database which is the Web App. I am assigned for the development and maintenance of this Web Application. I used Struts and Spring for the MVC frameworks, WebSphere MQ and JMS for the EJB Technologies, Oracle for the database, HTML/HTML 5, CSS/CSS 3, JQuery, Angular JS and JavaScript for the front-end technologies, RAD for the IDE, Log4j for the Logger and TFS for the version control.

Involved in all the phases of software development from the Gathering and Analysis of Business Requirements, Design (UML and Database), Coding, Unit and Integration Testing.
Coded the Enhancements of the application using Struts 1 from the Action Controller down to the EJB.
Coded the Enhancements of the application using Spring from the Controller, Service Class, DAO Layer and Transactions.
Made some of the microservices using Spring Boot and Spring Cloud Technologies(Ribbon, Eureka, API Gateway, Hystrix, etc).
Built and Deployed the microservices WAR files into the cloud server.
Coded an Enhancement that involved doing transactions in processing volumes of records using Spring Batch.
Implemented the Enhancements that involved Front End Technologies using jQuery, angular, css, jsp.
Involved in PL/SQL Programming (Stored Procedures, Functions and Triggers) of the Application using Oracle database.
Configured the authentication of the system using LDAP (Active Directory)
Involved in Object Oriented Design for each of the Enhancements requested using UML.
Made the Test Cases of the Client Apps that will be used by the testers.
Unix and Shell Scripting for the deployment of the ear and war files in Alpha Server.
Troubleshoot the issues found in the application during the deployment in Alpha, Beta and Prod Servers.
Involved for performance tuning of WebSphere Application Server and Oracle Database.
Environment: Java 1.8, WebSphere 8, Struts 1, Spring (MVC, Security), Spring Boot, EJB, JMS, WebSphere MQ, Oracle, HTML/HTML 5, CSS/CSS 3, JSP, JQuery, JavaScript, Dojo, Servlet, RAD, XML, Oracle, Log4j, Microservices, Webservices, TFS

07/2014 – 09/2015
IBM Global Financing
Armonk, New York (offshore)
Programmer Analyst

Route to Financing is a financial application whose main client is the IBM Global Financing (IGF) in Armonk, New York. It can make the user price a pricing record and send a request through jms. We used J2EE technologies specifically Jade/Struts and Spring for the MVC frameworks, EJB for the transactions, JPA and Hibernate for the ORMs, Dojo and Angular JS for the JavaScript frameworks and RTC for the version control.

Involved doing the design (UML) of some of the User Stories given by the client.
Implementation of the codes from the design.
Unit Testing (JUnit) of some of the codes of the User Stories.
Fixed defects found by the client during Beta release.
Made some of the microservices using Spring Boot and Spring Cloud Technologies(Ribbon, Eureka, API Gateway, Hystrix, etc).
Built and Deployed the microservices WAR files into the cloud server.
Coding experiences of the front end of the project doing Angular Framework, JSP and CSS.
Implementation of the backend of the project from the Action Classes, Controllers and Servlet down to the EJB and JPA based on the User Stories given by the client.
Coding experiences of the User Stories that involved XSLT.
Involved in updating and adding tables of the database (DB2 and Oracle).
Environment: WebSphere, WebLogic, J2EE Technologies (EJB, JMS, JPA, Jade/Struts, Spring, Hibernate), DB2, Dojo, CSS, JSP, Servlet, RSA, XML, XSLT, IBM Worklight, Angular JS, JDK 1.6, Oracle, Log4j, Ant, Webservices, Microservices, RTC

08/2013 – 06/2014
IBM (DBLUE, SPE, PW)
Armonk, New York (offshore)
Programmer Analyst

ibm.com Search is one of the search engines of IBM. The clients are the other departments of IBM like DBLUE, SPE, and PW who are also using the ibm.com Search. For the development of the site, we used RAD (Rapid Applications Developer) for the IDE, WebSphere Application Server for the server and RTC for the version control. The project will retrieve information for the keyword typed in the search bar. The information shown is coming from Google using Gumshoe.

Implementation of some of the requirements of the client.
Task in making tools that will be used to investigate the encountered errors of the sites that are currently using the ibm.com search.
Development of some of the Servlets of the application.
Fixed some of the defects encountered by the user of the application.
Development of the authentication of the application using LDAP.
Regression testing of the project. I used IBM RQM in making the test scripts, test cases and test suits of the scenarios. I also performed the test suits made by my co-developer.
Unix Shell Scripting and Perl Programming in making scripts to automate the processes done in the servers of the system.
Investigation of the errors encountered by the user for the possible causes and workarounds.
Environment: WebSphere, WebLogic, J2EE Technologies (Spring, Hibernate), DB2, Servlet, RAD, Shell Scripting, Perl Programming, IBM RQM, JDK 1.6, Oracle, Angular JS 2, RTC

03/2013 – 08/2013
IBM DARTS
Manila, Philippines (offshore)
Programmer Analyst

IBM DARTS is the tool that IBM CRM will be using during their trainings for their new hires. I used JAVA EE Technologies. I used JSF for the MVC framework, EJB for the transactions and JPA for the ORM (Object Relational Mapping). We used MySQL but were later changed into MS SQL Server 2008 for the database and Testing Framework for Unit Testing. The project started with Glassfish Application Server but was later changed into Jboss Application Server.

Main programmer of the system
Developed all the UI (Facelets) pages of the application.
Coded all the Managed Beans (Controllers) of the project.
Implemented all the EJBs and JPAs of the project for the transactions of the system.
Developed the authentication of the system using Database Realm.
Made the ER (Entity Relationship) Diagram of the database.
Performed all the Unit Testing using Testing Framework.
Mentored my colleague who is a gradhire for the development of the system.
Environment: JSF, Primefaces, EJB 3.0, JPA, Glassfish, Jboss, MySQL, MS SQL Server, NetBeans, Testing Framework, JDK 1.7

04/02/2014 – 06/02/2014
Japan Gate Aide Corporation
Cebu City, Philippines 6000
Part Time IT Engineer

Geenie is a reservation web based application whose main client is a diving school in Shinjukuku, Tokyo. For the development of the site, I used JSF for the MVC framework, Primefaces for the UI, and EJB for the transactions and JPA for the ORM. We used MySQL and Oracle for the database.

Is a Bilingual Japanese and English IT Engineer in the company.
Translated the requirements of the client from Japanese to English.
Developed the UI of the project using Primefaces, Facelets and CSS.
Coded some of the Managed Beans of the project.
Implemented some of the Backing Beans(POJOS) of the project.
Coded some of the Stateless EJBs of the project for the transactions.
Made some of the Models(POJOS) of the project.
Coded some of the Named Queries put on top of the Models of the project that will be called by the EJBs for the transactions.
Assigned to configure the live server of the site in a Linux(CentOS) environment in our VPS (Virtual Private Server) account.
Installed the database and application server in the live server of the app.
Deployment of the war file through Glassfish Admin Console of the live server of the site.
Environment: Primefaces, JSF, EJB, JPA, Glassfish, Oracle, MySQL, NetBeans, SVN, JDK 1.7

05/11/2011 – 03/25/2013
Author Solutions Incorporated
Cebu City, Philippines 6000
IT Specialist

Microsite Lead Uploader is a system that could automate the uploading of leads from the Microsite database to the Main database of Author Solutions. For the development of the system, I used Spring for the MVC framework, Hibernate for the ORM (Object Relational Mapping), Tomcat for the servlet container and Eclipse for the IDE.

Main developer of the site.
Developed the View Layer of the project using JSP and Tiles.
Coded the Controllers and Service Layers using Spring Framework
Implemented the DAO Layer for the transactions using SessionFactory of Hibernate
Coded the Models(Pojos) of the database of the project.
Made the database of the project in Oracle and PostgreSQL.
Implemented the CSS of the project based on the mock up designs made by the Designers.
Coded the client side validation of the forms of the project using JQuery.
Deployment of the war file of the project through Admin Console of Tomcat and WebLogic.
Environment: Spring, Hibernate, Eclipse, JQuery, Angular 2, CSS, JSP, Tomcat, WebLogic, Oracle, JDK 1.8

08/2008 – 06/2009
National Cash Register Corporation (NCR Labs)
Cebu City, Philippines 6000
Software Development Engineer

Miller Genuine Project is one of the innovations of NCR Labs. It is a system that could detect counterfeit moneys that has the same physical appearance with their genuine counterparts but would differ only on their substance.

Developed the Miller Genuine Database using .NET and MS SQL Server. I used Linq to SQL for the transactions of the database. I used .NET WebForms using C# as the code behind and ASP for the UI. I used MS SQL Server for the database of the system.
I also do the Miller Tool Testing. It is the tool that we used in testing the system.
Implemented the K-Means Algorithm for the Miller Tool. It is the algorithm used to group the different pixels of the money in making the decision if the money is counterfeit or not. I used MatLab in implementing the K- Means Algorithm.
Do the Malaysian Template Generation. It is the tool that we used for the generation of the Malaysian Templates for genuine currency, which are further used as a basis if a given currency is counterfeit or not.
Environment: .NET, MS SQL SERVER, MatLAB, LINQ to SQLs
Contact this candidate