Sonady Tum
ac2wnr@r.postjobfree.com
559-***-****

IT Systems and Infrastructure Engineer

A self-managed individual with strong skills in database design and business development. The majority of my experience has been in supporting clients, designing, maintaining and implementing business applications and forms including, but not limited to: Financial, Manufacturing, Computer and Technology Sales, Engineering and Laboratories. My experience utilizes planning, design, implementation, deployment and management to achieve my clients’ excellence and success.

Technical Expertise

Sharepoint
Manage Sharepoint via Sharepoint Manager
Access Sharepoint via Local Site and Browser
Create Basic Sharepoint Sites
Uploading Excels Spreadsheets and Documents to Sharepoint
Familiar with Sharepoint Store
Familiar with Sharepoint Cloud Platform
Familiar with Corporate Approval Process in Business App Development using Sharepoint.

Microsoft Access 2003, 2010, and 365(Cloud)
Maintenance in MS Access
Forms and Reports Creations
Familiar with Data Tables Relationships
Utilizing Macros in Forms
Routing Forms to particular Tables and Reports
Redesigning Aesthetics in Forms and Reports
Locking and Restrictions on particular applications
Utilizing VBS Scripts in MS Access for particular functions.

Operating Systems
MS Server 2008 R2, 2008, 2003, 2000
MS Windows 10 Pro, 8 Pro, 7 Pro, Vista, XP, 2000, 98

Server Applications
MS Exchange Server 2012, 2010, 2007, 2003
MS SharePoint
VMware, Vsphere, WMworkstation
Citrix
Microsoft Hypervisor
Trend Micro, Symantec EP (on prem and cloud)
Group Policy Management Console
SQL Server 2005, 2000
Acronis/ EaseUs Backup
Norton Ghost / Acronis Hard Disk Imaging
IP Scanner\ WiFi Monitor\ Network Monitor

Applications/Programming
MS Office 2007, 2010 (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Visio, Publisher, Project)
Atnix OTRS 4 – Help Desk Software
MS Office Cloud
Microsoft Access 2010, 2003,
Crystal Reports
Microsoft Dynamics CRM v. 4
AutoCAD/Solidworks/ MasterCAM
Adobe Photoshop
IBM, AS400, Aurora ERP System
Helpdesk Ticketing Software
C/C++, VBS, Python
HTML
Linux Distros: Fedora, Ubuntu (GUI and CLI)
Professional Experience

08/17 – Present
Talent Burst IT Infrastructure Engineer
(Remote, Natick, MA)
As an IT Infrastructure Engineer I am responsible for day to day systems and infrastructure process and operation. I am involve with multiple projects which consist of mass AP deployments which consist of 100+ devices throughout the whole plant in a manufacture environment. I had also manage the process for the entire upgrade projects from start to finish. Organizing staging area, beta testing area, receiving, and deployment.

01/17 – 08/17 Robert Half Technology IS\IT Consultant and Specialist
(Remote, Sacramento, CA)
As a specialist and a consultant, I am responsible for business to business client meetings and interviews. I am involve with managing the project’s cost, supplies and ETA. The system, interface, and network designs, implementation and deployment. For example, rack and stack, VLAN routing, and biometric terminal interface deployment. Also minor business application developments, database maintenance, and training in Microsoft Access. The type of business that I have been involve consist of Retailing, Health Care, and Laboratories.

04/11 – 10/16
Gusmer Enterprises (Fresno, CA)
IS\IT Technician

As a senior IS\IT Technician, I am responsible for maintaining the technology and network infrastructure for Gusmer Enterprises’ Fresno, Napa and Sonoma facility. We were also required to assist and support Wisconsin, and New Jersey facility as well. Since the company encourages growth and change that benefits our end-users in all business departments such as HR, Accounting, Sale, Marketing, Manufacturing, Logistics, and Engineering, I also provided feedback and insight to our team of technicians, specialists, engineers, and directors for continuous improvement of processes and procedures. Among this feedback, I was able to pioneer a new approach to managing and understanding the technology lifecycle of any client network. Recently I began working as acting project manager and oversaw all system upgrades for Fresno and Napa as well as a lab tethered workstation migration,
Monitor systems and applications through management portal
Manage the Help Desk ticketing
Distribute, verify and test automated backups
Manage end user accounts, permissions, access rights, and storage allocations
React to system outages and escalated helpdesk requests
Analyze business requirements and perform recommendations to most efficiently fill those needs and contingency
Research new technologies and discover their impact on clients’ business
Manage on campus and satellite VOIP phone, mobile devices, and laptop deployments
Setup and managed workstations for on campus and satellite users.
Manage Network Security
Organized IS, IT and Engineerings Software Archives, Procedures, and Manuals
Wrote and Develop Procedures, Diagram, and Logic for End-Users, Engineers and IS\IT department
Train end-users of business and technology operations
Act as an on-call tech after business hours for support, contingency and oversea end-users.
Led, managed, and implemented a recycling program for obsolete technology and print toners
Manage, Troubleshoot, and Repair copiers and printers

Education

B.S. in Information Systems, completion July, 2010
Devry University, Fresno, CA

Certification in Business in Sales and Marketing
Duncan Polytechnical, Fresno, CA
Contact this candidate