KOMUNDA NAMARA MARY
P. O. Box ****
Kampala, Uganda
Mobile: +256-***-***-***
Email: ac723x@r.postjobfree.com
PROFILE
An I.T. Infrastructure specialist with MTN (U) Ltd IT Shared handling operations for four countries (Uganda, Zambia Swaziland, South Africa and Kenya), who is self-motivated, hardworking, with fast learning abilities and ability to analyze business operations and recommend strategies to improve performance. Proven leadership abilities, good at working in teams, ability to multitask in fast-paced dynamic environments. Aspire to make a feasible and valid contribution to the world of Information Technology especially in areas like database management, network and computer management, information system management and reporting/performance analysis in a bid to help the organization achieve its short and long term goals. WORK EXPERIENCE
May 2017 - Present
HUAWEI UGANDA LTD (MTN PROJECT)
Uganda
Infrastructure team Manager
Manage the storage and backup team. Take OS, data and archival backups of the MTN IT infrastructure, manage and monitor Storage systems including Hitachi, Netapp, HP EMC, Oracle SUN and Huawei storages used within the MTN IT infrastructure.
In charge of performing subsequent data and OS level restores as part of the Disaster Recovery Plan, In-charge of subsequent space allocation as and when required by a System/Application, responsible for data recovery, regarding critical system and application data, with experience in Solaris, Red Hat Linux systems, Oracle Linux systems, and Windows 2008, 2012 R2 systems.
Active Projects
Implementation and rollout of new backup tools in MTN( Oracle Secure backup,
Microsoft Data protection manager)
Project management Storage layer migration, virtualization of Huawei Storage
impact and Hitachi VSP with minimal business
IN/VAS layer backup solution design
Data restoration of call record for the year 2013 and 2014 as per directive from
government the
Server/chassis and rack consolidation for DC optimization.
Disaster recovery site and application/DB layer replication. Jan 2016 –
Present PROVOC UGANDA
Project manager
Project management of software development projects around human resource, fleet management, Microsoft Dynamics Navision, Microsoft Dynamics CRM SharePoint. Vast experience in the use of project management tools (gannt charts, project Scheduling, project resourcing and project costing Active Projects that I’ve worked on are below
- Microsoft Dynamics Navision- Orient Bank Uganda
- Microsoft Dynamics Navision- AIC Uganda
- Intranet Portal design and upgrade – Uganda Communications Commission
- Microsoft Dynamics Navision- Uganda Human Rights Commission. April. 2015 – May 2017
HUAWEI UGANDA LTD (MTN PROJECT)
Storage and Backup Engineer
Uganda
Take OS, data and archival backups of the MTN IT infrastructure, manage and monitor Storage systems including Hitachi, Netapp, HP and EMC storages used within the MTN IT infrastructure, perform subsequent data and OS level restores as part of the Disaster Recovery Plan, In-charge of subsequent space allocation as and when required by a System/Application, responsible for data recovery, regarding critical system and application data, with experience in Solaris, Red Hat Linux systems.
- Employee for the month of September (Awarded certificate of excellence by Huawei) Active Projects
Implementation and rollout of new backup tools in MTN( Oracle Secure backup,
Microsoft Data protection manager)
Storage layer migration, virtualization of Huawei Storage and Hitachi VSP with
impact minimal business
IN/VAS layer backup solution design
Data restoration of call record for the year 2013 and 2014 as per directive from the government
Server/chassis and rack consolidation for DC optimization
Disaster recovery site and application/DB layer replication Jun. 2013 – March 2015 WIPRO TECHNOLOGIES/NFT (MTN PROJECT) Uganda Storage and Backup Engineer
Manage and supervise the backup team, take OS, data and archival backups of the MTN IT infrastructure, manage and monitor Storage systems including Hitachi, Netapp, HP EVA storages used within the MTN IT infrastructure, perform subsequent data and OS level restores as part of the Disaster Recovery Plan, In-charge of subsequent space allocation as and when required by a System/Application, responsible for data recovery, regarding critical system and application data, with experience in Solaris, Red Hat Linux systems.
Involved in Major Datacenter migration of MTN IT equipment from MTN towers to new datacenter in Mutundwe. Actively involved in chassis migrations, Hitachi storage set down and set up. Migration of major SAN directors with FC cables and re-connection at the new site
- Employee for the 3rd quarter of 2014 (Awarded certificate of excellence by MTN) Jun. 2012 - Jun. 2013
WIPRO TECHNOLOGIES/NFT (MTN PROJECT) Uganda
DC Monitoring Engineer
Review a number of communicating Sites, Failure and Closure, proactive monitoring of severe alarms, analyze and report alerts/hardware failures, report, record outages and major incidents to the Incident manager, escalate unusual occurrences immediately as per escalation matrix and take remedial actions, perform level 1 investigation before escalation to level 2 support teams for any alerts received, report to Service Desk team for hourly status of infrastructure.
- Promoted from Level 1 to Level 2 in less than one year Jun. 2011-Aug. 2011 ROKE TELCOM Uganda
Network Operations Centre
Monitor network resources, switches, servers, routers, Remote support to both voice and data clients, Configure network devices.
EDUCATION
March 2018 to date
International Business, Science And Technology University Kampala, Uganda
Masters of Science in Information Technology
-In progress
Jun 2014 – June 2015 Uganda Management Institute Kampala, Uganda Postgraduate diploma in project planning and management
-Graduated with Lower 2nd honors
.
Nov. 2014 – Dec. 2015 Techno brain Uganda LTD Kampala, Uganda ITIL v3 Foundation certificate
Jul 2012 – Sep. 2012 Aptech Computer Centre Kampala, Uganda Cisco Certified Networking Associate (Training)
Aug. 2009 - Jun. 2012 Makerere University, College of Computing and Informatics Kampala, Uganda Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science
- Graduated with Upper 2nd honors
Jan. 2007 - Dec. 2008 St. Lawrence Schools and Colleges, Horizon Campus Kampala, Uganda Uganda Certificate of Education
- Biology, Mathematics, Chemistry
Jan. 2003 - Dec. 2006 Gayaza High School Kampala, Uganda Uganda Certificate of Education
ADDITIONAL SKILLS AND ACHIEVEMENTS
I.T. SKILLS
Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, FrontPage, Outlook and PowerPoint), Microsoft Visio and Project, Experience with Windows Operating System, Experience with Solaris and RHEL, Monitoring devices with Whats up and Cacti, Reporting and Performance analysis skills. LANGUAGES
English (excellent), Luganda (good)
INTERESTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS
Swimming, travelling, art, meeting people and networking Interact Vice President (Horizon Campus of St. Lawrence), Class representative (Gayaza High School), General duties Prefect (City Parents’ School REFERENCES
Mr Dominic Savio George,
Storage Consultant,
CGI India
Tel: 077*-******
Email: ac723x@r.postjobfree.com
Mr Nicholas Beijuka
GM, Capital projects, MTN Uganda
MTN Towers, Plot 22, 4th Floor
Tel: +256-***-***-***
Email: ac723x@r.postjobfree.com
Mr Andrew Kizito
GM, Infrastracture and Service
Delivery, MTN IT Hub
MTN Towers, Plot 22, 4th Floor
Tel: +256-***-***-***
Email: ac723x@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate