William Alston
Rocky Mount, NC – 252-***-**** – acwlkf@r.postjobfree.com

Telecommunications Sales Engineering
Sales Support ~ Infrastructure Management ~ Project Management

Sales Engineering
Project Management
Network Engineering Support
Service Management
System Design
Cloud Applications
Vendor Management
Customer Service
Award-winning telecommunications sales professional, specializing in implementing wired or wireless networks in commercial and health-care settings. Align end-user needs with long-term resolutions to complex telecommunications challenges.

Advanced expertise in wireless LAN 802.11, DNS/HHCP networks, Metro Ethernet Fiber transport, Cloud computing, and Voice over IP (VoIP) products and systems. Readily identify and resolve technical issues.

Accomplished communicator, building and sustaining beneficial vendor and client relationships to control costs and maintain optimal business. Proficient in Microsoft Office (including PowerPoint and Visio).

Career Highlights

Consistent “Excellent” Performance Ratings over 17-year sales engineering career
Played key role in CenturyLink’s VoIP Smart IP hosting rollout
CenturyLink Circle of Excellence Award, 2012

Career Progression

MRL NEWORKS, INC. Rocky Mount, NC 2014-Present
Senior Systems Engineer
Ensure desktop, server, and network system reliability and integrity for clients of computer consultancy. Advise commercial and healthcare clients on software and hardware upgrades and purchases. Resolve virus/spyware and other applications issues, including wireless LAN 802.11 and DNS/DHCP IP networking problems.
Client Service: Advise clients on cost-effective cloud backup storage solutions, hosted telephony, and virus control vendors.
Project Management: Ensure ISP provider’s modem and routers operate at client-specified speeds.

CENTURYLINK Rocky Mount, NC 2011-2014
Major Accounts Manager II/Senior Government Account Manager II
Provide hospitals, municipalities, and commercial businesses with applications and systems to meet their needs. Oversaw full sales cycle, including project proposals, account control, budget management, documentation, project management/supervision, installation, and follow-up.
Systems Expertise: Subject Matter Expert (SME) for 802.11 wireless engineering. Demonstrated proficiency with Metro Ethernet Fiber transport, Cloud computing, Voice over IP telecommunications, and network and hosting management.
Key Accounts Management: Spearheaded turnkey projects for North Carolina E-Rate and major healthcare and commercial clients.
Sales Leadership: Circle of Excellence Award, 2012.

Career Progression (Cont.)

CENTURYLINK/EMBARQ Rocky Mount, NC 1993-2011
Senior Sales Engineer III
Key sales engineering and technical support for approximately 10 to 15 Sales Account Executives. Researched and designed systems, created scopes of work and cost/margin proposals and collaborated with vendors to provide the best hardware and software for client needs.
Sales Support: Influenced sales by presenting PowerPoint and Visio presentations that clearly explained rationale of suggested solutions to clients.
Project Management: Instrumental in CenturyLink’s Smart IP hosting rollout.

Education and Training

ATLANTIC CHRISTIAN COLLEGE/BARTON COLLEGE SCHOOL OF BUSINESS, Wilson, NC
Bachelor of Science, Business Administration (Management Concentration)

Savvis Cloud Computing Training

Miller Heiman Strategic Selling Training

Certifications

Cisco Certified Design Associate

Cisco Wireless Certification

Polycom Certified Video engineer
Contact this candidate