P a g e *
JON Reno, PRESTON NV *****
acx9v8@r.postjobfree.com, 775-***-****
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
Promote optimal infrastructure performance, support, reliability, and security across core business systems
Results-Repeated delegating Expertly prevent Project Process strengthen and Implement Infrastructure meet Active Provide VMware Managed Monitor, tools Customer On-Effective Develop topologies, Highly sets CLI call savvy information business Directory reliable and driven driven improvement data/recurrence. / manage Analyze, Self-support success and and Update tasks security configurations, provide LAN/motivated, disaster Creative Team with goals and professional to to management technical WAN, directing Troubleshoot for documentation achieve meet CONFIDENT Critical and timely through driven various champion recovery Design TCP/reliability standards Troubleshooting, support instruction response on-IT Infrastructure to offering IP, enterprise servers, projects get of time, solutions Firewall. infrastructure to with Domains, to the posture, meet and operations, on-support a and job a laptops, progressive, processes, from budget history audit technology needs reporting VPN done and Protection Communicator, Organizational enhance inception a requirements technologies solutions and wide and of and delivery. diligently of users and implementing workstations 20 provide to mentor and array operational CIP alarms workflows career to and and connectivity execution, troubleshooting 2 of Units, Written using – others enhancements customers support IT 9 in or NERC/infrastructure information issues new and efficiency, spanning SAN and strategically through Security for procedures FERC and that to Independent the get issues NAS multiple using may and Compliance Bulk technology. the Cisco, to repository for control occur meet allocating network job to Electric and data identify vendors Juniper, done. decision-technologies business costs. core provide such System management resources root and storage making as needs solutions causes others and to and and IT skill to and Testing Project & Management Troubleshooting Team Leadership Vendor & Supporting Relations Business – Areas Infrastructures Communication ...continued... Strategic Continuity of Expertise Planning Data – System Backup Resource Administration & Recovery Allocation Active Effective Directory JON PRESTON
P A G E 2
TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES AND AWARENESS
Platforms
Infrastructure Hardware Windows Dell, HP, Compaq, variant of Acer, 7/2012, Laptop, Linux Workstation, Red Hat, FreeBSD and Servers, CXS-10 Telecommunications
Software
Cisco, BES AT&Microsoft (Solarwinds, Open T (Bulk Juniper G3i System Office PBX Electric NetSight firewall International)system (Word, System)Management switching Avaya Excel,, Active, Definity Unix, Outlook, systems, Directory Suite, VMware System, PowerPoint,Cisco Enterasys, Hypervisor, Microsoft Voice Management Visio)over Polycom,, NAS IBM IP, and Suite and WebSphere, Wireless SharePoint, SAN technology AP, ESXi, OSI Appliances Acronis, Wireshark, NetBackup, SIEM, MS SIEM(Windows LOGRHYTHM)platforms,, Dragon KBOX(DELL)IDS, STORM, WSUS, SYMANTEC, PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Control Senior NVENERGY short- Accountable infrastructure. complex Selected and Consultant/and projects... trouble long-Backup for Serve range maintaining/tickets. Control System as technology vital Cultivate Centers Specialist resource implementing planning. and supporting maintain for (June internal Plan, key 2006 relationships Bulk business coordinate, staff, to Electric September daily applications and System. support with 2016) execute IT vendors Partner operations and hardware systems with and and customers. senior infrastructure 1997 and providing software to leadership September assistance upgrades for to Primary 7, guide 2016 on for
Successfully and Initiated for protocols solutions Successfully Successfully Successfully based Spearheaded knowledge management Implemented password routing on transformative CIP while OSPF, base infrastructure directed supporting management directed requirements. of requirements new DMZ minimizing applications BGP of common procedures level and the and host IT on-other of solutions impacting updated policies downtime and issues time, in LAN/systems routing secure for user on-WAN and IT designed system access, to budget supporting onsite documentation, to zone protocols solutions TCP/provide user server staff completion wide IP to connectivity. management harden to including the security and infrastructure and improve infrastructure remote enabling workstation, system of using IPSeC upgrade efficiency. employees. of security, router the VPNs SafeNet from on to network development Windows a and Cisco 24/including Key switches 7 infrastructure basis to Fob systems Enterasys of enhanced access in a communication comprehensive and for equipment to switching measures Juniper critical JON PRESTON
P Network Provided diagnosis, security Selected A G E On-Support Design Active Installed, Work Vulnerability Reporting projects... administration 3 technical Engineer/resolution, call with Directory a and NAS solution(configured, in vendors support reliable Analyst SIEM// Assessments and SAN functions management s) escalation IDS/solutions to to to to (and August meet respond meet end-WSUS maintained for of users, business business user, for systems 2001 via systems to data alarms helpdesk leveraging data, to needs multiple retention compliant June and and 2006) system, remote calls broad-LAN/of corporate critical in WAN access. based telephone, a timely data TCP/standards expertise manner IP and remote remote to handle routers support problem and switches tools. identification, Performed
Played Installed, Developed application Connectivity Configured Monitor, Create Active Notification SAN Solve Documentation Supporting and complex Directory a an design NAS Troubleshoot, configured, instrumental Wireless customers step-upgrades. in with Management a problems to issues workflow by-Management MPLS, meet step AP and and and Design role compliance and Dedicated and training maintained process process users in connectivity provide of companywide Infrastructure organizational to manuals for improvements minimize circuits, standards timely multiple changes solutions Dark for resolution impact migration to LAN/units end-enhancement Fiber for WAN users in with infrastructure and changes and from TCP/users, to other reporting legacy ensure of IP to infrastructure groups, connectivity remote infrastructure Token-a seamless and routers Ring computers solutions to and transition Ethernet switches following and Participated Technical Performed Selected telephony. Accomplishments... Support troubleshooting, in large-Analyzed Specialist scale system upgrades repair, (January requirements and and maintenance 1997 installations. to to August efficiently of wide 2001) isolate array of and computer resolve systems, a wide array hardware, of technical peripherals, issues.
Active Quickly Demonstrated satisfaction Respond Troubleshoot Directory learned to Corporate surveys. complex outstanding and Management master User issues calls proprietary customer and of for organizational simplified core services applications. applications for units a skills, solution with consistently users, groups, receiving and computers high rating on client JON PRESTON
P A G E Monitor Documentation Supporting 4 devices a team issues connected driven and environment process to the infrastructure improvements Microsoft Computer Certified Science, Software University REFERENCES Engineer PROFESSIONAL of (MCSE)Maryland AVAILABLE + I, DEVELOPMENT Working Microsoft UPON to REQUEST obtain Certified CISSP Professional and other (MCP) certifications
Contact this candidate