ZEB MUSTAFA
ad0apg@r.postjobfree.com
Cell 650-***-****
SUMMARY:
●VMware Enterprise infrastructure Engineer with more than fifteen years of experience in Virtualization VMware technology.
●Presenting storage to VMware using iscsi/FC/ portal and vSan experience also in VMware clusters.
●Disaster Recovery during DR-Failover and Cyber-attacks or hacking/ransomware situations.
●Migration vms from one Datacenter to another using SRM/Zerto/storage replication and Metro cluster technology and Storage replication experience.
●Moved Datacenter from Dallas to Arizona using Zerto replication and storage replications.
●VMware Azure Solution (AVS) migrating VMS from on-prim to the AVS cloud using HCX VMware technology
●Working with the Networking team for ESXi Vlan Trunk and giving access to vSphere.
● Hardware HPE-C7000 chassis, Synergy-chassis, HPE 360/380G7/8/9/10/11 and Cisco UCS blades, Dell PowerEdge servers, Dell/IBM experience Cisco UCS chassis and applying the VMware Profiles to ESXi host to configure vlans trunking and storage. Dell compellent, Pure, EMC Isilon and Vmax storage.
●Managing vSan Cluster, Vrealize Aria Operations and Skyline,VMware-convertor,securities and vulnerabilities and upgrade ESXi host and vcenter upgrade and P2V.
●Restoring VMs from Pure/Nimble/HPE-Allerta storage for presenting
EDUCATION:
Master of Business Administration, (Majoring in MIS), University of Central Oklahoma, Edmond, OK, 1998
Bachelor of Business Administration, (Majoring in MIS), University of Central Oklahoma, Edmond, OK, 1996

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
SENIOR VMWARE/STORAGE ENGINEER, CompuCom, Nov 2014 - June 2023
Troubleshooting and Issue Resolution: Identify and resolve issues related to VMware infrastructure, including performance bottlenecks, connectivity problems, and virtual machine (VM) failures.
Capacity Planning: Monitor and analyze VMware infrastructure utilization, forecast resource requirements, and recommend upgrades or optimizations to ensure optimal performance and scalability.
Security and Compliance: Implement and maintain security best practices and policies for VMware environments, including user access controls, network segmentation, and compliance with financial industry standards.
Zerto/SRM Backup and Disaster Recovery: Configure and manage backup solutions for VMware infrastructure, including regular backups, replication, and disaster recovery strategies to ensure business continuity.
Patch Management and Upgrades: Plan and execute regular patching and upgrades for VMware software and related components, ensuring compatibility and minimizing downtime.
Setting up the VMware environment from scratch and building vcenters and fine-tuning the environment for Oracle, SQL and Windows, and Linux Servers.
Provisioning nimble storage using iscsi storage, doing the mapping, and add the storage to the VMware side.
Pure Storage Nimble storage presenting FC/iscsi storage to VMware Environment.
HPE OneView profile applying HPE recipe firmware/drivers
.

SENIOR VMWARE/STORAGE ENGINEER, Nationstar Mortgage, Aug 2011- Nov 2014
●UCS chassis configure from scratch and install ESXi /sql/window/Linux, configure M1, M2, and M3 blades for windows/SQL clustering and Linux servers. Hyper-threading template, Esxi templates perform the upgrade of code, cabling from UCS to Ciscos 7Ks. Also, troubleshoot issue with Cisco support PSD/BSD.
●Compellent SAN, NAS, support provisioning, troubleshooting/monitoring, Code upgrade, replacing cache cards and upgrade Controllers. Adding disk enclosures using SAS/Fiber. Creating reports for forecasting growth and ordering hardware. Sending weekly and monthly usage of the storage.

●EMC VMAX, Install Isilon X200, X400 and configure shares and bring them on the network
●Install ESX 3.x 4.x, 5.1,6x to 7 to 8.0 current virtual Environment configure hosts and Maintain support over 1500vms and 3000 plus hosts.
●Supporting Vmware environment, using UCS blade for ESX, vmotion, affinity rules, DRS, svmtion, and deploying machines from templates.
●VMware ESXi, and vCenter Server and configure cluster services, creating templates and deploying virtual machine from the templates. Relocating machine - converting from physical to virtual. Configuring the virtual cluster network separates them from DMZ and inside the network and relocates the machine to different storage.
●Cisco MDS switches 9513, 9148 zoning/configuring
●Brocades switches, Cisco switches zoning/configuring
●Using vmware supporting Windows NT/Win2000/Win2003/Win2008/Red-Hat and XP/Vista/Millennium/Windows7 in domain and work-group environment
●Provide 24X7 on-call support and using vendor support to resolve the issues,
●NAS provisioning NFS/CIF using EMC Isilonx200/400/NetGear/ Dell FS8600
●Create DRS, Affinity and HA clusters for host in different tiers
●Creating guest clustering using Windows/Linux guests
●Design Datacenter migration strategy using Host-based migration.

SYSTEMS ADMIN, Sabre Holding, Southlake, TX, Jan 2007 – Aug 2011
●Worked with a team of System Admins with different Business Units within Sabre to achieve a hundred percent uptime.
●Install VMware ESXi, ESX, and Windows vCenter server and configure cluster services.
●Took a Lead role for production support at Allen Data Center, took a major role in moving Business Units from different locations to Allen Data Center to save money for Sabre Holdings.
●Worked with different vendors - HP, 3PAR, Data Domain, NetApp and CA Unicenter. Monitoring and working closely with the networking team to get the issues resolved.
●Propose and implement system enhancements (software and hardware updates) to improve the performance and reliability of the systems.
●Install and configure the Linux Red Hat and install the updates
●Perform Elab responsibilities which include tickets from Windows/Unix/VMware/ Account Administration and MS product support.
●Lead role in moving Nexion from San Jose, CA to Tulsa, Oklahoma
●Migrate successfully all the DC from Lewisville to Cyrus1 @ Carrolton, 200 physical servers, 1000vms, UCS, Complellent SAN, Isilon nodes.
●Assisted successfully in the Elab move from Southlake to Lewisville with minimum impact on the business.
●Forecast the hardware for the Allen operations team, so that we fulfill the needs of the Business Unit.
●Made sure that the Business Unit issues are resolved in a timely manner and if needed pulled in the resources within our team and outside.
●Gave outstanding support for development and production environments for all Sabre Datacenters.

SYSTEMS ENGINEER, C&T Consulting Dallas, Nexion/Jurni, Jun 2004 – Dec 2006
●Support and Monitor all four GDSs (Sabre, Worldspan, Apollo, and Amadeus). Troubleshoot issues and to find solutions within the shortest time possible, so Agents don’t lose connectivity.
●Support and monitor Web Servers, Fax Servers, Phone systems, and Email Servers for the Nexion Network in the Datacenter.
●Support all the Windows NT and Windows 2000, Windows 2003, and SQL Servers in the Data Center at Nexion.
●Support and monitor all the session managers and session controllers which provide connectivity to all the Jurni and Nexion Agents via InternetView to all the four GDSs.
●Create and modify Windows user accounts for users in the NT Domain and keep daily activity log of everything done on a day-to-day basis. Update the knowledge base.
●Support of over-user’s connectivity to GDSs. Plan, Install, Configure, and Administer all Window 2000 Clients/Servers applications and hardware upgrades.
●SQL clustering for windows 2008/2016/2019

Reference Available upon request.
Contact this candidate