SHAHBAZ RASOOL
Civil Inspector / Road Works
Specialty: Building Structure and
Infrastructure and Utilities
Email: ad0h5i@r.postjobfree.com
Skype ID: shahbazmemon1.
Mobile # +92-306-*******

Summary:
A talented, result oriented Civil Engineering Professional with 15 years of experience in Highways / roads and Infrastructure Project in the reputed companies in United Arab Emirates-UAE, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia-KSA & Pakistan. Professionally experienced in the site inspections, supervision, construction, Quality Assurance and Quality Control of major highway / roads projects from starting till commissioning to handover.

Professional Qualification:

Bachelor of Technology-Civil Engineering from Dadabhoy institute of Higher Education Commission -Karachi, Pakistan. Passing Year - 2013
Three years Diploma Associate Engineer-Civil from Sindh Board of Technical Education -Karachi, Pakistan. Passing Year – 2007, (Attested and Verified from UAE & Saudi Consulate).

Computer Literacy

Auto cad 2004
Computer Skills
M.S OFFICE. MS EXCEL
Internet Surfing.

Parson's Online Professional Safety Courses.

ISO 14001 Overview and Implementation Strategy. Fire Extinguisher Safety.
Analysis. Excavation and Trenches Safety. SH&E Training Procedures.
Accident Investigation and Root Cause. Scaffolding for Construction.
Physical and Technical Safeguards. Health Hazards in Construction.
Fall Protection for Construction. Walking/Working Surface.
Defensive Driving. Hot Work.

Profile:
In my efforts to earn employment with your prestigious organization, I am writing this letter to highlight my skills and qualifications in reading my Curriculum Vitae, I am Professional with 13.6 years of experience in Construction of Highways / Roads and Infra Structure Projects, Execution, Delivering of engineering solutions for multi-million cost major construction projects for reputed companies in United Arab Emirates, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia & Pakistan.
I was working with Saudi Arabian Parsons Ltd (SAPL) Riyadh KSA from 2013 - 2017 As a Road Works Inspector & Drainage Works Project at Riyadh Airport of Housing project Client Ministry of Housing –MOH Riyadh KSA. Respectively I was responsible for pre & Post quality Inspections of Storm Water pipe line Installation, from Survey setting out, Excavation, Formation, Bedding, Installation of pipe till testing & Commissioning with Back filling with approved materials also Sub-Grade Bottom, Sub-Grade top, Sub Base to Asphalt Base Course and Asphalt Wearing Course of Access Road and Internal Roads.
Earlier then SAPL working with Velosi Certification Services LLC, Abu Dhabi, U.A.E from 2010 - 2012 As a Field Technician Inspector, witnessed Third Party Inspections of quality control of civil engineering activities in the development of infrastructure of Khalifa Port & Industrial Zone (KPIZ) Abu Dhabi Ports Company, involving Main port road, Interchange, piling, heavy foundations, mass concreting, abutments, bridges, post tensioning, culverts, MSE walls etc.
I also worked with Consultant Company Khatib & Alami (CEC), Dubai, UAE from 2007 – 2009 As a Site Inspector-Civil on Project Emirates Bank International (EBI) @ DHERA DUBAI. 04 Basements Ground 04 Stories and Motor City infrastructure consists of internal road including footpath, Laying of drainage lines, manholes and gully pots for parking area. Performs technical reviews of IFC drawings, material samples, Daily inspections and daily progress reports, shop drawings, and technical data sheets to assure compliance with the contract requirements.
Recently Working as Engineer QA/QC – Civil with Company Bahria Town Karachi (Client) from 2018 – 2023 till now Projects “Rafi Cricket Stadium” (RCS), Work done by Contractor as per design and specifications to control quality Rafi Cricket Stadium comprising on 65% of precast concrete elements like Columns, Beams, Raker Beams, Staircase and Bleachers etc Along with execution of Water bodies i.e., fountains, to make water proof RCC structures and INFINITY pool (45-meter dia) and MEP co-ordination Completion and Handover projects as Construction of Raima Fountain, Construction of Ashar Fountain and Construction of Paradise Bridge at Bahria Town Karachi

WORK HISTORY

15 Years of experience in the field of Civil Engineering segregated & listed as below.
18th Oct 2017 : Present
Company : Bahria Town Karachi Client - Pakistan.
Position held : Engineer-QA/QC-Civil.
Projects handle : 1) Rafi Cricket Stadium (RCS) Bahria Town Karachi.
: 2) Construction of Raima Fountain at Bahria Town Karachi.
: 3) Construction of Ashar Fountain at Bahria Town Karachi.
: 4) Construction of Paradise Bridge at Bahria Town Karachi.
Client : Bahria Town Karachi, Pakistan.

DESCRIPTION OF DUTIES:
Accountable for the quality and quality of every activity, precise knowledge of all aspects of engineering construction relating to Civil, Architectural, Structural, Mechanical, and Electrical disciplines interfacing the multidisciplinary processes.
Responsible for QA/QC documents of the complete project, including certificates, calibration, test results, inspection requests, non-compliance reports and site instruction/observations, permanent materials delivered, and other important QA/QC documents.
Support administration of the Inspection Request process ensuring requests are processed and inspections properly documented within pre-defined timescales
Check and review the plan & Specification for the proper construction & quality implementation at Job Site
Assist to Quality Manager in review of the shop drawing for construction and maintenance of structures which is submitted by the contractor.
Follow up and Approval of Shop Drawings, Method Statement, Material submittals, and process the reply of NCRs from contractors.
Coordination with German Consultant for Roof Structure design and design of Cricket Stadium comprising on 65% Precast concrete elements like Columns, Beams, Raker Beams, Staircase and Bleachers etc
Plan, organize, and direct activities concerned with the construction and maintenance of structures, facilities, and systems.
Co-ordination to establish precast yard for producing and storing different precast members including MI-Jack gantry crane placement.
Evaluation of work progress and taking needful actions to keep the project on schedule with quality and safety.
Investigate damage, accidents, or delays at construction sites, to ensure that proper procedures are being carried out.
Review Look Ahead Precast production, Precast Erection and Cast in place elements daily basis
Review Daily Progress Report, Weekly Progress Report submitted by Main Contractor
Review and update Daily Site Inspections Log daily basis
Review and update Daily Submittal Log for shop drawings, material submittals, method statements etc submitted by Main Contractor.
Site Surveillance to inspect off-loaded material in safe and sound
Inspect Mix design of 3000Psi. 4000Psi, 5000Psi, and 6000Psi, Concrete Slump and temperature.
Witnessed various types of dia of Steel Sampling and sent to third Party for Tensile Report
Witnessed Masonry Blocks 800Psi to 1000Psi Crushing at Central Lab of Project
Inspect Water leak test of Storm water pipelines, Sewage pipelines of Stadium.

Execution of Water bodies i.e., fountains, to make water proof RCC structures and INFINITY pool (45-meter dia) and MEP co-ordination.
Responsible for monitoring and maintaining quality and compliance targets.
Monitoring and auditing of Materials / products to ensure high standards of quality
Ensuring Materials / products comply with legislation and quality assurance codes.
Execution of bridge designed for class AA Loading as per code of Highway Bridge
Precast Girders with MULTISTRAND Pre-stressing system.
Assist in ensuring quality and timely delivery of Materials of projects.
Inspected / Supervision of All kind of Backfilling inside and outside of Cricket Stadium
Conducting Quality Test of utility lines/stormwater and sewage as per method statement which approved by consultant as per project drawing/IFC Drawing and specification.
Ensuring EHS at site. Supported in developing and maintaining a proactive safety culture and incorporate safety observations into daily works inspections.

3rd Jan 2013 : 14th March 2017
Consultant PMC : Saudi Arabian Parsons Ltd, (SAPL).
Position held : Road Works Inspector.
Project Handle : Riyadh Airport Housing Project.
Client : Ministry of Housing (MOH) Riyadh KSA.

DESCRIPTION OF DUTIES:

Inspect and maintain record of the construction works carried out by contractor on site and resolve the site generated quarries by coordinating with the Resident Engineer
Ground improvement and /or compaction, creation of excess routes, perimeter fencing etc.
checked shop drawings of plans and profiles with help of MOH standard drawings and specifications
Inspected material approval of aggregate base course, medium curing-01, asphalt concrete base course and curb stone.
Inspection of Storm water line includes excavation and formation, bedding, installation of pipes, water/air leak test, deflection test, Granular backfilling and main backfilling N.D.T.
Inspection of Sewer Line includes excavation and formation, GT sheet, granular bedding, pipe installation, pipe testing, and backfilling of line up-to sub grade bottom.
Inspection of road work includes road bed bottom, embankment layers, sub-grade bottom, sub-grade layers, sub-grade top, Aggregate base course, Asphalt base course and wearing courses etc. in Access and Local roads.
Inspection of manhole excavation and formation, bedding, installation of manholes, ring placement, jointing and cover fixing.
Supervise the effective implementation of all test and inspection schedules, ensure adherence to all procedures, and coordinate with various teams to perform quality audits on processes.
Participates in site inspection requests, factory inspections, and shop testing as directed by the ARE/ S. Engineer.
Enforcing Safety on site with periodical hands-on meetings.

06th Jan 2010 : 05th Dec, 2012.
Employer : Velosi Certification Services LLC, Abu Dhabi, U.A.E.
Position held : Field Technician Inspector.
Project Handle : Khalifa Port & Industrial Zone Project, Abu Dhabi, UAE
Project Management : International Bechtel Co. Ltd.

DESCRIPTION OF DUTIES:

Third party inspection and quality control of civil engineering activities in the development of infrastructure of Khalifa Port & Industrial Zone (KPIZ) Abu Dhabi Ports Company, involving Main port road, Interchange, piling, heavy foundations, mass concreting, abutments, bridges, post tensioning, culverts, MSE walls etc.
Monitored Tests applying at time of inspection, in situ CBR, FDT, core test, also notify chainage, alignment, dimension, level, elevation, approved material, surface have no segregation, loose material, compaction, overlap, no bend, no debris, rate of application, and temperature.
Duties included execution of Project, inspection of site before execution of any activity to ensure that all structures and architectural drawings (for Bridges, culverts, plan & Profile) are followed, quality controlling,
Supervision of Earth work & pavement structure (Sub Grade, Aggregate Base Course, Asphalt Binder Course, Asphalt wearing course), Carry out the field tests for Soil, Asphalt Base course, Binder Course & Concrete checking with its bending schedule & concrete Sub Structure to Super Structure.
Approved and witnessed tests at site, Slump Test, temperature, compressive strength tests, crushing of cubes, Compaction Test, CBR, Aggregate Base course.
Monitor Safety at site, Contractor personnel is working in safe environment.

09th Sept, 2007 : 16th Dec, 2009
Employer : Khatib & Alami (CEC), Dubai, UAE
Position held : Site Inspector-Civil
Project Handle : (1) Emirates Bank International (EBI) @ DHERA DUBAI.
: (2) Motor City infrastructure consists of internal road including footpath,
Laying of drainage lines, manholes and gully pots for parking area.

DESCRIPTION OF DUTIES:

Provided assistance to the Assistant Resident Engineer/-ARE
Monitored contractor QA/QC activities and maintain records.
Conducted weekly meetings with inspectors and Assistant Resident Engineer
Conducting quality inspections of Civil works at site.
Responsible for keeping strict watch over safety measures followed by the Contractor.
Ensures the project ES&H policy and approved contractors safety plans are complied with on site.

Supervise the Asphalt Base Course and Asphalt Wearing Course.
Supervise the Aggregate Sub base and base course.
Supervise the Extension of Road Payments.
Also check the Survey Work, Lab Work.
Execution and Coordination of Embankment Work.
Preparation of Daily progress report.
Understands the contractor's weekly schedule and scope and ensures compliance is met. Informs the ARE/SE of any deviations to schedule.
Performs technical reviews of drawings, product data, material samples, inspection reports, delivery schedules, shop drawings, and technical data to assure compliance with the contract requirements.

PERSONAL DETAILS:

Name as in passport : MEMON SHAHBAZ RASOOL
Date of Birth : 02/02/1983
Nationality : Pakistani
Marital Status : Married
Sex : Male
Languages : English, Urdu & Arabic
Passport No : ANO201033
Driving License : Pakistani Driving License-LTV
Place of issue : Pakistan
Working Placing : United Arab Emirates. Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and Pakistan.
Contact this candidate