Name: DUMALA SRIKANTH
H.No: *-*-***
khilagadda,Jagtial
State - Telangana – 505327
Phone : 970*******
Email Id:ad0lrv@r.postjobfree.com
Objective:
A flexible Civil Engineer skilled in all phases of engineering operations. Dedicated to designing environmentally conscious and cost effective infrastructure solutions
S.No
Name of the degree
Name of the college
Year of graduation
Percentage
01
Bachelor of technology
GURUNANAK INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY(GNIT)
IBRAHIMPATNAM HYDERABAD
2019
62.19
02
Intermediate (MPC)
SR JUNIOR COLLEGE ALGUNOOR,KARIMNAGAR
2015
90.7
03
Secondary school
LITTLE GENIUS HIGH SCHOOL
KORUTLA, KARIMNAGAR
2013
80
Educational qualifications:

Course work:
1.Structural analysis.
2.Design of reinforced concrete structures.
3.Geometric Drawing.
4.Surveying.

Industry Oriented Skills:
i. Minor Project
Title: Fibre reinforced concrete
Description: This type of concrete has been more popular in recent years. In this type of concrete we used sheep wool as a fibre.We collected sheep wool from ambaripet location, after that we washed wool with water in order to remove particles like dust, blood etc. After washing the wool is dried, then we used to take off wool from the skin and we mixed that wool in concrete, concrete blocks are prepared and the blocks are sent to find the compressive strength.
ii. Major project
Tittle: Design and modelling of G+2 building, estimation and costing of building
Description: In this project we used AutoCAD software to draw a plan, after planning we used to install different components such as doors, windows, ventilators etc. We had taken a building as a reference and we compared the cost of building to the reference building. We got 2lakhs difference in cost when compared with the reference building.We used excel sheet to estimate total cost of building and finally we got 42,00,000rs for g+2building which we planned and designed.
iii. Softwares used
1.AutoCAD
2.REVIT
3. EXCEL

iv. Workshops:
1.Designing a bridge by using ice-cream sticks: In this workshop I made a structure of bridge by using ice-cream sticks. I used 60 sticks to construct the bridge, and it weighs 9kgs,it was the only one which weighed 9kgs and I got first prize for that, which was held in Osmania university.
v. Conferences:
1.Attended in "SETU NIRMAN" competition in Osmania University, Tarnaka.
2.Attended in "CAD MANIA" competition in Osmania University, Tarnaka.
vi. Certificate courses:
1.AutoCAD 2d, 3d basis,REVIT,3ds max, Staddpro from cantercadd institute.
2. "CADMANIA" from Osmania university.
WORK EXPERIENCE:1year as a civil structural detailer at mvv engineering consultants hyderabad.

Extracurricular activities:
1.Playing cricket.
Hobbies & Interests:
1.Listening to music.
2.Watching cricket.
Declaration: I,Srikanth Dumala here by declaring that all the above mentioned details are true and correct as of my knowledge.

Signature: Date: March 12th 2020
Name: D. Srikanth Place:Hyderabad
Contact this candidate