Career Objectives

By utilizing my In-depth experience in System Engineering and Support, my passion for technology and the people who use it, my goal is to join a fast paced and dynamic team of professionals headed towards making a mark in their chosen industry.

Career History
February 2021 – December 2023 AJC Food International
Senior Infrastructure Engineer
Exchange online (o365) migration from On-prem exchange servers
Manage Azure environment for Cloud services
Implement and support VMware Infrastructure and Virtual Servers
Implement and manage Exchange 2016 Messaging environment
Maintain Enterprise Email Archiving Solutions (Enterprise Vault)
Implement and manage RSA SecureID Environment
Monitoring and configuring Network security devices
Implement and Maintained Backup Environment using BackupExec, Veeam, Cohesity Enterprise backup solutions
Maintain tape library and onsite/offsite tape rotations
Maintain Enterprise Antivirus systems using Symantec Endpoint Protection, Sophos, and other AV solution
Manage Servers in remote Datacenters and other Global Locations
Deployment of Windows Servers (2008, 2012, 2016, 2019)
Manage Active Directory, Group Policies, LDAP on Windows Servers
Work with AirWatch MDM

February 2019 – January 2021 Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta
Server Administrator
Support VMware Infrastructure for thousands of Virtual Servers
Manage and update Exchange 2016 environment (OS, SU, CU Patching) for 16,000 user environments
Work with various departments on server patching and project implementations
Work with Linux teams as needed
Support Citrix VDI Environment
Use PowerShell scripts for automation and management of environment
Provide overnight support for Infrastructure Engineers and Networking teams
Worked on project to migrate 16,000 email users to Exchange online (o365)

January 2013 – February 2019 ICS/AJC Food International
Senior Infrastructure Engineer
Responsible for VMware Infrastructure and Virtual Servers
Responsible for implementing and managing Exchange 2010 messaging environment
Responsible for Implementing and maintaining RSA SecureID Environment
Responsible for monitoring and configuring Network security devices
Maintained and Managed the Enterprise Backup Environment using Backup Exec 2014
Maintained Servers in remote Atlanta Datacenter and remote servers in Global Locations,
Enterprise Project Management and implementation responsibilities
Support of the Corporate Global IT Infrastructure

June 2009 – December 2012 Ericsson
Senior Systems Engineer
Working in Ericsson’s 85,000 user environment, provide Senior System Administration Duties as well as end user support for their Global workforce.
System Engineer, System Administrator for Exchange 2003, 2007, 2010 environments performing proactive and reactive maintenance achieving high server availability, reliability and security.
System Engineer, System Administrator for Active Directory and Server 2003/2008 environment performing, Domain security and user management.
Troubleshoot Server/Network issues.
Administer Phone system and user mobile device support for approximately 500 local and remote users.
Remote user support via RDP and other remote desktop protocols.
Virtualization Environment support (VMWare, MS Virtual Server).

January 2012 – June 2012 Sykes
Datacenter Engineer
Installation of new server hardware, storage arrays, and other appliances at Atlanta collocation Datacenter
Configure Server OS (2003/2008) within physical and Virtual environments
Install Operating Systems on VMware Hosts using vSphere Client
Configure Virtual Network communications for VMware Hosts
Ensure operation of servers in all Sykes global datacenters via remote console and VSphere Management
Ensure Backups and Tape rotation as well as offsite tape storage for the Atlanta Datacenter
Assist with installation of telephony and network equipment in Datacenter.
Coordinate activities within datacenter with Project Managers and other Global support engineers.

May 2009 – August 2009 Atlanta Computer Engineers/ ACE Remote Office
Senior Systems/Sales Engineer, Engineering
Implement Server 2003/2008, and Exchange 2007 Virtual Environments
Manager datacenter servers and network equipment
Install VMware ESX Servers in Datacenter and Configured Virtual Environment
Install Operating Systems and Applications on VMware Hosts using vSphere Client
Configure Virtual Network communications for VMware Hosts
Manager Exchange 2007 and Server 2003/2008 Active Directory Environments
Manager and troubleshoot remote user problems
Manager Datacenter Firewalls and Public IP space
Manager Email records such as SMTP and MX Records. Troubleshoot Email issues and Black Berry Server Issues.
Implement new Customers migration Projection/Virtualization Projects.
Project Manage key stake holders expectations
Provide End user training into new environments
Managed Senior Executive user’s difficult and highly sensitive needs and expectations.
As Senior Sales Engineer, build trust and client relationship and provide expert knowledge where necessary.

September 2007 – April 2009 VC3
Senior Systems Engineer, Engineering Team Lead
System Engineer, System Administrator for Exchange 2003 and Exchange 2007 environments performing proactive and reactive maintenance achieving high server availability, reliability and security.
Completed Exchange 2003 to Exchange 2007 Transition projects resulting in enhanced email management and greater mail system scalability and availability.
Completed Lotus Notes to Exchange 2007 Transition project and retired legacy IBM email system, migrating this customer to a more modern and user friendly environment.
System Engineer, System Administrator for Active Directory and Server 2003 environments performing proactive and reactive maintenance, Domain security and user management via Group Policies, and other tools.
Troubleshoot TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, IP Addressing, and other Server/Network device infrastructure communications issues resulting in reliable connectivity from Servers and Workstations to LAN/WAN networks.
Build new Active Directory Domain Environments on Server 2003 and Server 2008 implemented on HP, DELL and IBM server platforms in high availability RAID configurations.
Helpdesk third level escalation support for end user desktops and remote server support. Managed ticket queues and dispatch onsite engineers as needed.
System Engineer, Administrator for SQL Server 2000, SQL 2005, and SQL 2008 for new installations and upgrades.
Worked in Blade server and SAN environments in customer datacenters and remote support.
Expert in Backup Exec and other Backup technologies, hardware, troubleshooting and Disaster recovery.
First level Administrator for Cisco Switches, routers and Firewalls (currently working on CCNA).
Worked on Virtualization Environments (VMWare, MS Virtual Server).
Sales Engineer for new Active Directory Domain Projects, Exchange 2007 and other technical projects.
Assisted Sales in statement of work and project plan creation, presentations to clients, and user training.

Aug 2005 – September 2007 INSOL
Director, Managed Services
Supervise, Mentor and Hiring of first and second level field service engineers and Field Services Manager.
Ensure exceptional service delivery for all contractual obligations–(Managed Services Agreement, IT-in-a-Box, Application & User Support, Vendor Management and Managed Security Services contracts).
Service delivery oversight & direction to include client satisfaction with services delivered, engineering quality control, industry best practice standards, service delivery efficiency, profitability against monthly fees.
Oversee training and development of Engineering Department.
INSOL
Field Services Manager
Provided Expert technical knowledge of computers, networks, software, and Internet technologies including hands-on installation and configuration within the small to medium business space.
Implement network architectures, including LANs and connections with WAN environments, Firewalls, Exchange Server, Windows XP, Windows 2003, IIS, and Terminals Server environments.
Responsible for the daily execution of IT Services through management of Field Service Engineers, daily review of Service Work Orders, managing outstanding service issues and ensuring that SLAs are met.
Project Management responsibilities include scheduling & tracking resources.
Key technical resource in new customer acquisition by providing expert level knowledge, developing technology recommendations and conducting presentations.

September 2003 – June 2005 XLTEK LTD.
Network/Server/Installation Specialist
Travel throughout the US, Canada and Europe as Senior Clinical Application specialist and Microsoft systems Engineer for implementing, training and troubleshooting software and hardware solutions in hospitals and other large clinical customers.
Provided proactive and reactive support resulting in increased system reliability and availability.
Senior server and network installation specialist. Worked with large, medium and small Compaq and DELL servers (running Windows 2003, Windows 2000, and Windows NT Server, IIS, Exchange, SQL 2000, Active Directory).
Installation specialist for server storage arrays as well as Cisco and DELL networking hardware.
Provide pre-sales server and network equipment quotation and advise customers on their solution requirements.
Provide on-site server/network installation, troubleshooting and consulting to Hospitals and other clinical customers.
Project Manager for new implementations upgrades and moves of large and small Epilepsy labs with minimal downtime

August 2002 – March 2003 PDI Technical Services Inc.
Senior Technical Consultant
Contract position as key technical resource to help build a technical services group within PDI.
Provide senior level leadership and development of technical staff.
Design technical solutions and services, write proposals for presentation to customers by the sales group.
Project Manager for implementations and on-going support and maintenance of customer IT equipment.

March 1999 - August 2002 HealthLink Clinical Data Network
Manager, Technology Solutions
Design and architect technology solutions to meet customer needs and company’s internal requirements.
Assume responsibility as Key Technical Resource for the company in the areas of: interfacing, solutions engineering, networking support and corporate service groups.
Key technical resource for sales managers in the area of high-level proposal writing and sales support.
Manager, Interfacing Department – 9 direct reports (Interface developers, project manager, account manager).
Manager, Support Department – 3 direct reports (Microsoft Systems Engineers, PC hardware technician).
Manager, Network Security Group – 2 indirect reports (Checkpoint, Cisco Pix firewall and Internet Security certified Engineers)
Responsible for budgeting and resource planning and function as senior technical resource to technology groups.
Sales engineer for new and existing products and services, writing and responding to RFP and proposals.
Responsible for Information technology for outsourced customers.
Develop corporate IT policies and procedures.
Assist Networking Group with LAN, WAN and Internet implementation issues.
Actively participate in management and board meetings and events.

August 1998- April 1999 Ontario Hospital Association
Director, Information Services
Manage and provided project leadership and systems specifications for data access, Internet presence, and other system development.
Responsible for 2 direct reports (system coordinators) and external consultants.
Provide system administration and information technology leadership to corporate divisions.

March 1995-August 1998 Ontario Hospital Association
Manager, System Administration
Provide Network support, system administration and engineering for Netware, Windows NT and Lotus Notes environment.
Provide end user support for Windows 95/98 desktops running Microsoft Office and Lotus Applications.
Participated in Information Technology projects, committees and budgeting.
Responsible for routers, hubs, switches and cabling.
Responsible for internet security, web access and remote user LAN access (VPN, Dial-in).

March 1994-March 1995 EDS Inc.
Network Systems Administrator
Manage information technologies and systems for contract customers.
Support Netware, Windows NT and Lotus Notes servers.
Provide user support for Windows 95 and MS Office Applications.
Assist with system development and planning.
Responsible for Nortel Meridian Mail Administration.

October 1990-March 1994 Compel Inc.
Information Technology Specialist
Source and ordered computer systems and other PC components, Build, upgrade and configure PCs.
Telephone and on-site software and hardware technical support.
Install LAN cable for 10 base-T, thin-coax and thick-coax in star and bus topologies for Ethernet and arcnet protocol.
Install network operating systems and network interface cards.
Install communications software, hardware and cabling.
Install operating systems and application software such as OS/2, UnixWare, MS DOS, Windows NT, NetWare 3.1, etc.
Repaired PCs and Laptops.
Instruct corporate and medical clients on use of hardware and software.
Novell Netware Operating System support, administration, and configuration.

Key Competencies

Expertise in current Microsoft Server Platforms and Desktop technologies: Server 2003, 2008, 2012, 2016, 2019, Server core
Exchange 2003, 2007, 2010, 2013, 2016, 2019. O365,
SQL Server 6.5, 7, 2000, 2005, 2008, 2016, 2019
Windows 10, Windows XP, Vista, Windows 7, MS DOS
VMWare ESX Server
Proficiency with all versions of MS Office software Productivity Suites up to 2019.
Networking technologies knowledge including TCP/IP, DNS, WINS, HTTP, SMTP, POP3, DHCP, etc).
Strong understanding of firewalls, network security and other network components & concepts.
Attention to detail and effective computer/network troubleshooting skills.
Ability to effectively adapt to rapidly changing technology and apply it to business needs.
Very good judgment and analytical skills.
Ability to foster and work in a team environment, as well as work independently and be self-motivated and self-responsible.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Excellent organizational and time-management skills.
Excellent technical communication skills.
An effective manager of people and business resources.
Excellent ability to prioritize and complete multiple projects to meet deadlines.

Education

April 2016

August 2006

March 2000

November 1999 - March 2000

1994 -1998

August 1998 – November1998

1993 - 1994

March 1991 - October 1992

September 1988 - April 1990
AWS Training towards ASW Certification
Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer: Server
Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer: Messaging
Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer: Security
Windows 2000 Server and Workstation, Hewlett Packard Training Center

Microsoft Certified System Engineer (MCSE) certification program (Workstation Technologies, Windows Enterprise Server, TCP/IP, IIS, Exchange, SQL).

Windows NT Server and Workstation 4.0 System Engineering and System Administration,
MS SQL Server 6.5 System Administration and Database Administration, TCP/IP Internet Technology and Security Administration, Lotus Notes Administration, PBSC IBM Training Centre

Fundamentals of Project Management, Financial Management for non Financial Managers, Skill Path Seminars

Novell Netware System Engineer Training, Novell Training Centre

Electronics Engineering Technical Diploma, DeVry Institute of Technology

General Arts and Science (Chemistry), University of Toronto
Contact this candidate