JOSEPH
GALLAGHER
Dacula,GA 205-***-**** ad43jx@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/joexgallagher

Introduction – Storage / Data Protection/ Infrastructure Engineer with 26+ years of experience.

Skill Summary
Storage Engineer with extensive experience in Block/ File, Object and Container base storage. Dell\ EMC -Data Domain, VMX/PowerMax, PowerScale, Unity Flash, PCI NVMe Storage, and Power Vault platforms, StorageX, HP, NetApp CDOT/ 7Mode– FAS, AFF, A700, Storage Grid platforms, Hitachi HUS and G series, Software defined, Scale I/O, Open Stack, Azure, Virtual Data Center and Azure NetApp Files.

SAN/ NAS Engineer with extensive experience with Cisco MDS / DCNM, Brocade/ BNA, SMB/ CIFS and NFS Optimization.

Data Protection to include NetBackup, Backup Exec, Commvault VTL, Data Domain / Networker, Avamar, Rubrik, Druva, Zerto, Komprise, Storage X, Rsync, Robo Copy, AZCopy migrations tools. Dell Secure Copy and Azure Backup and Site Recovery.

Infrastructure Engineer with extensive experience in VMWare, Cisco UCS, Windows & Linux administration, Nutanix, Azure Cloud AVD and Terraform scripting. Remedy and Service Now Ticket systems, SCOM and Azure Monitoring. Migrations – Komprise and Zerto Recovery.
Experience
Truist Bank
Jul 2018 - Present
Lead Infrastructure Engineer / VP
Storage and data protection SME for an Operations Team. I oversaw 5PB of Storage across multiple Data Centers. I conducted capacity planning of storage and backups, maintained software versions to optimize production. Conducted DR planning/ testing across applications and hardware between production and DR data centers, I was also part of a Virtualization Team to implement Servers and VDis in Production and test VMware Environments. I conducted migrations from On Premise Data Centers to Azure Cloud and AWS Cloud utilizing Terraform and NetApp Oncloud storage.

IBM
Mar 2017 – Aug 2018
SR Systems Engineer
Storage/ Data Protection Infrastructure team conducting On Premise UCS, SAN and NAS Storage, IBM Cloud services utilizing DELL- EMC Scale I/O with Virtual NetApps. Data protection and DR recovery testing within On Premise and IBM Cloud Services.
Linux Administration and Networking Operations with aspect to Storage and Data Protection across Data Centers around the world.

Lexis Nexis
Jul 2014 – Mar 2017
SR Systems Engineer
Storage/ Data Protection Infrastructure team conducting On Premise SAN and NAS Storage. I maintained, Capacity planned and optimized Storage. Supported Windows and Linux environments with storage presentations and data protection. I maintained and conducted storage migrations. I maintained and optimized our physical infrastructure with installation, cabling and troubleshooting within our Data Center.

Quantum
Mar 2004 – July 2014
SR Systems Engineer IV
Field Service / SME Technical Trainer for Quantum Storage, Physical Tape and VTL Libraries. Installation - upgrades on hardware to also include OS and Backup Application software installation and optimization. Worked alongside Backup Software companies with POCs and Qualifications of Quantum platforms. I conducted Field support across our customer base in the Southeast and Puerto Rico. I conducted Onsite Technical Training for Third Party maintenance in the US and South America.

Awards and Acknowledgements
Honerable Discharge from the US Army
Bilingual in Spanish

Education-

Axia College – Associates
Dell / EMC Administration
Azure Administration
US Army Communications Signal Corp.
Contact this candidate