Rafael A. Villa
Bayside Hills, NY ***** 347-***-**** ad4pm9@r.postjobfree.com

Information Technology (IT) Director Project Management
Accomplished technical leader with over 30 years of experience managing and architecting complex technology infrastructure and cloud projects, leading cross-functional teams, driving innovation, and delivering customer-focused solutions. Adept at bridging the gap between technology and business objectives to drive excellence in IT operations. Extensive knowledge of infrastructure technologies with expertise in troubleshooting complex technical issues, high-availability, and disaster recovery projects. Knowledgeable in industry trends and fostering a culture of continuous learning. Strong communicator and collaborator, dedicated to achieving business goals through technology excellence.

Areas of Expertise
Solution Architecture Cloud and Infrastructure Solutions Project Management Technical Documentation Disaster Recovery (DR) Business Continuity Plan (BCP) Virtual Infrastructure (VMWare) Enterprise Storage Engineering (NetApp) Service Level Agreements (SLAs) Technical Assessments Executive Presentations Team Leadership Vendor Management Stakeholder Collaboration

Career Highlights
Management Processes
Architected and Managed the enterprise class storage consolidation and migration for the corporate division at Warner Media
Architected and executed the Virtual Infrastructure environment for Warner Media’s new location at 30 Hudson Yards. Environment was built on HP’s MSA, and iSCSI LUN presentation
Conducted internal customer meetings to understand data profile, and protection requirements to develop data migration plans to new datacenters.
Created of Tier one and Tier two support processes for JPMorgan Chase Line of business and established SLA for various lines of business.
Technology Relationship Manager for Line of business. Responsibilities included translating business needs into technology solutions such as Iron Mail for Compliance and Enterprise Vault for archiving and searching email data.
Designed and coordinated a co-location for SMTP mail routing to provide email business continuity to the JPMP line of business.
Managed technical team responsible for full range of email applications for JPMP Chase including Blackberry, SMTP mail scanning and policy compliance, Enterprise Vault, and Exchange to Lotus Domino mail connectors.
Facilitated and hosted weekly meetings between the Line of Business and technology team to review SLA and incident reports metrics.
Project managed the move of the SMTP mail services from a single location to a co-location within two sites.
Managed migration to move critical application servers from a primary location to two separate co-locations.
Authored best practice documentation for server builds email support and application deployment.

Technical Leadership
Successfully architected and executed Warner Media’s storage migration from New York NetApp controllers to Atlanta Georgia, to ensure business continuity and zero interruption
Successfully architected and implemented the virtual infrastructure environment at Hudson Yards to support building application, business applications and physical security applications
Architected and implemented a single pane application for the physical security team (Control Center). Solution was adopted worldwide and I was the principal architect for the solution.
Interview external clients to assess their business requirements and needs and propose and implement viable technical high availability and disaster recovery solutions, including all documentation necessary to accomplish fault tolerance and various disaster recovery scenarios.
Redesigned technology solutions for clients to align with business requirements such as incorporate high availability, fault tolerance and disaster recovery solutions, leveraging virtualization and storage technologies to reduce RPO, RTO and overall total cost of ownership.
Leverage new technology solutions to facilitate and improve clients’ business processes.

Professional Experience
WarnerMedia Corporation, New York, NY 2011 - Present
Principal Architect and Lead SME - Physical Security Infrastructure
Provide technical expertise on a large portfolio of global projects and assist with consolidation projects to ensure business continuity. Served as the key principal SME(Subject Matter Expert) on site-to-site network connectivity solutions for all the SOCs and managed guard facilities across the continental United States.
Provide day-to-day and project support for all of Hudson Yards projects which include the Demise project and Datacenter decommissioning.
Coordinate the network connectivity and required firewall rules to allow monitoring of Hudson Yards cameras and access from 230 park south.
Enable physical security directors the ability to use the applications thick clients through the corporate VPN.
Architected DR BCP solution for all applications hosted in NetApp leveraging NetApp’s SVM replication and flexclone technologies.
Rafael A. Villa 347-***-**** Page 2

WarnerMedia Corporation, Cont.
Served as the Key Architect Operations Engineer resource responsible for architecting, documenting, and executing all data sets (NAS SAN structured and unstructured data) from NYC datacenters 7-mode cluster pair to Datacenters located in North Carolina and Switch.
Successfully migrated 50 TB of data from six (6) NetApp storage arrays into a single pair. Facilitated multiple meetings with data owners to understand data profile, and protection policies.
Created per application migration plan to move each application with minimal impact to user community.
Implemented disaster recovery replication policies to ensure 1-minute RPO on critical applications.
Redesigned TWC backup environment and implemented a backup fiber network to allow for LAN FREE NDMP backups to tape.
Leveraged NetApp’s OSSV license backup remote clients and to significantly reduce backup and recovery time.
Provided level three support and training to operations staff on storage protection technologies and best practices on data presentation (NFS, CIFS, iSCSI).
Serve as a Member of the recently created global Storage BURA engineering team responsible for designing standards and best practices on data presentation from our two datacenters.
Coordinated and oversaw data migration tasks from the TWC division to the new data center.
Executed vendor POC(Proof of Concept) on on-prem for backups cloud archiving technologies Archivio and AWS.

Marcum Technology Group, Melville, NY 2005 - May 2011
Senior Technology Consultant
Managed client projects to include interviewing, creating, and implementing technical solutions for business requirements.
Implemented Storage solutions and consolidated critical applications in storage systems to provide high availability and disaster recovery.
Installed and documented Enterprise Vault installations for various clients. Created archiving and retention policies to meet compliance mailbox policy requirements.
Migrated users from Exchange 2003 single server using locally attached disk to a cluster and storage solution.
Installed configured and documented security appliances and web filer for various clients.
Designed and documented end-to-end High Availability and Disaster Recovery solutions for companies using VMWare, NetApp filers, Enterprise Vault, and Exchange 2007

Additional Relevant Experience
JPMorgan Chase and Co. - JPMorgan Partners, New York, NY
Messaging Infrastructure Engineer Project Manager and Lead Architect
Engineered multiple project in messaging as the lead engineer and Project Manager to optimize performance, mitigate risk, scale environment and ensure legal compliance. Served as the Lead Engineer in stabilizing and maintaining Lotus Notes to Microsoft Exchange coexistence. Directory Synchronization of 80K employees.

Sanford C Bernstein, New York City, NY
MIS Manager
Managed a IT staff of 10 resources that improved and implemented a backup solution for all databases at the satellite location that improved performance and reduced the backup and recovery window. Help in the development of a disaster recovery process for critical applications.

Chase Manhattan Bank, Brooklyn, NY
Senior Technical Officer Project Manager
Led a team of 10 which deployed new technologies to new Chase sites such as Client Server software to the Chase Global Help Desk Database. (Service Center). Created documentation and class materials to train new administrators and managers of various operations sites on Chase’s infrastructure network workstation model (CIM 5.2, CIM 7.1). Maintained a 99.99% uptime for Exchange messaging for JPMorgan Partners for 500 users worldwide.

Valinor (V.A.R), Westford, MA
Senior Engineer
Maintained internal Ethernet LAN (Thin net). Provided 2nd and 3rd level support to customers with 100 node Ethernet Networks including LAN installation and configuration to customers.

Rafael A. Villa 347-***-**** Page 3

Technical Skills and Roles
Exchange 2003, 2007, BlackBerry, BES, and full range of email solutions
VMWare ESX 3.5.0 for virtualization platform
NCIE, NCDA. Certified NetApp Storage Engineer
Active Directory Architecture, including DNS, DHCP Wins
NetApp Storage Platforms 7-mode and Cluster mode
Symantec Certified Enterprise Vault Engineer 2.0 to 11.0
Windows 2003, 2008, 2012 servers operating systems proficiency
Blue Coat, Barracuda, Secure Computing Appliances
Project Roles: Active Directory Architect Storage Engineer Senior Archiving Engineer Technical Project Manager DNS DHCP Secure Gateways Firewall Senior Exchange Engineer

Certifications
NCIE, NCDMA NetApp Enterprise Vault Archiving Certified Engineer Microsoft MCSE 2004 Microsoft MCP
PMI candidate

Education
Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.), Statistics and Computer information Systems
Bernard M. Baruch College, New York City, NY
Pioneered Peer-Mentoring Program
Additional Information
Languages: Fluent in English, Spanish
Contact this candidate