Rodney T. Guidry
Woodbridge, VA *****
703-***-**** ad4u26@r.postjobfree.com

Dear Sir or Maam:

I am forwarding my resume in response to your ad. Comparison of my qualifications with your requirements, as specified in this advertisement, suggests that I would be an excellent candidate for this position.

Highlights of my qualifications are:

30 Years’ experience in networking

USMC Background

My qualifications suggest that I should be able to make an immediate and significant contribution to your Company. Should you agree, I would welcome the chance to further explore this opportunity.

Thank you for your consideration and I look forward to hearing from you.

Very truly yours,

Rodney T. Guidry
Network Engineer

PROFESSIONAL EDUCATION
Splunk Course August 2022
Certified Ethical Hacker Course July 2022
Security+ Course June 2022
Cisco ACI Course June 2019
DCUCS Configuration Course Nov 2016
CCNA Security Course Nov 2014
PMP Certificate Course April 2009
Cisco ASA Course August 2008
IPv6 Course March 2006
CCDA Course October 2004
CCNP Course September 2003
ICND Course March 2000
CCNA Course January 2000
Microsoft Exchange Server May 1999
LAN Internetworking May 1997
Small Computer System Specialist March 1996
Information System Coordinator January 1995

TECHNICAL PROFILE:

Hardware: Cisco Nexus 7k,5k, 2k Cisco 6500, 4500, 9300 Switches, Cisco WLC, Aruba WLC, ASA firewalls, Cabletron/Enterasys Switches, ASA Firewall, UCS, Sun Solaris, Servers, Bridges, Hubs, and Repeaters

Software: SolarWinds Orion, NETMRI, Aruba ClearPass, TACACS, Cisco Prime, Checkpoint, Spectrum, Windows 2000, UNIX, MS-Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Access, Publisher 98), MS Project, and Visio

Protocols: TCP/IP, OSPF, CDP, Ethernet, FDDI, L2TP, PPP, TACACS, HDLC, BGP, IGRP, EIGRP, PPP, SNA, SMTP, SNMP, ICMP, ISDN, DHCP

SECURITY CLEARANCE:
Active Public Trust

EDUCATION:
B.S. in Information Systems Technology Management from Strayer University
(Expected September 2023)

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Accenture Federal Services
Travel Network Implementation\Network Refresh Engineer 05/22 - Present
In this role, the Network Implementation\Refresh Engineer will be responsible for supporting the Network Operations Team to preform hardware refresh and network support for the network of customer requirements. 50% travel to participate and/or lead network infrastructure assessments and site survey projects for the customer enterprise. Plan logical addressing, redundancy, capacity (logical & physical) Rack equipment in staging area to preconfigure gear from deployment, perform port mapping and port configurations. Upgrade IOS to meet baseline requirements and security compliance. Rack and stack switch equipment. Configure and deploy network infrastructure to include Cisco routers, switches, Juniper Firewall, APC UPS and PDUs, Aruba wireless controllers and access points. Running cabling of copper and fiber. Create Change Requests, update tickets and perform tasks with the SLA’s.

AIC Global
Travel Network Engineer 11/20 – 04/22
As a Travel Network Engineer, I participate in and/or lead network infrastructure assessments and site surveys for the EHRM Veteran Affairs enterprise project. 50% travel to CONUS sites.
Expertise in network technologies such as local area networks (LAN), wide area networks (WAN), intranets, extranets, and other data communications networks including Software Defined Networks (SDN) and Quality of Service. Evaluate network design and configuration baselines and standards. Evaluate network performance reports and provide network consulting support. Engineer/re-engineer network consistent with customer service level agreement requirements and approved requirements document (i.e., IPv6, multi-VRF, QoS, etc.) Plan logical addressing, redundancy, and capacity (logical & physical). Provide network design implementation and Tier 4 operations support. Cisco ISE deployment support. Provide technical information for, and final technical editing of, all documents and proposals. Works at an enterprise level and in cross-functional teams to assist with the development of strategic and enterprise plans. Cisco platforms include nexus 7Ks,52Ks, 2Ks, 6500, 4500, 9500, 9300,

GeBBS Consulting
Network Engineer\Manager 8/15 – 11/20
A part of the DNE (Data Network Engineering) team administering 4 sites and responsible for FEPOC’s wide area network and local area networking. Maintaining all network-related problems, including projects requiring networking from beginning to end. Coordinating circuit vendor communications. Installation of new networking hardware to include Cisco Nexus and Cisco Catalyst platforms, along with WiFi and VoIP. Cisco switches/routers out of the box configurations, racking and stacking network equipment, as well as troubleshooting network devices. Raised floor data center and disaster recovery locations. Manage Cisco Wireless Controller 5520 for WiFi access and administration. Network management and documentation experience. Experience SolarWinds, PathView, and NetMRI. Cisco platforms include nexus 7Ks,52Ks, 2Ks, 6500, 4500, 9500, 9300, 3850, 3750x.

Baton Rouge General
Network Engineer 4/12 – 4/15
Identify, diagnose, and resolve network anomalies. Create and maintain comprehensive documentation for all implemented networks utilizing MS Word, MS Project, MS Excel, and Visio. Plans and supports network layer 2 and 3 infrastructure. implementing and administrating common TCP/IP-based services, including DNS, DHCP, HTTP, FTP, SSH, SMTP. Technologies LAN, WAN, TCP/IP, DNS, Latency, QoS, EIGRP, BGP Equipment Cisco Layer 2 and Layer 3 Switches Catalyst 6500E Supervisor 720, Cisco 4500, 3850, 3750x, 3650x, Router configuration, Cisco Network Analysis Module (NAM), Load Balancing (Cisco or third party) Cisco Firewalls ASA VPN tunnel configuration for vendor access. Migration from WiSM to Cisco 5508 Wireless Controller along with Cisco Prime (NCS), IOS load and upgrade procedures, Access-list configurations, Routing protocols-EIGRP, BGP, and OSPF, Citrix Netscaler load balancing, VLAN trunking, Layer 2 technologies, Spanning Tree Protocol and Vlan Trunking Protocol. Basic Juniper and Enterasys configuration and troubleshooting. Vendor liaison for troubleshooting downed circuit/devices and point-to-point IPSEC tunnels.

State of Louisiana
IT Specialist 10/09 – 03/12
Identify, diagnose, and resolve network anomalies. Create and maintain comprehensive documentation for all implemented networks utilizing MS Word, MS Project, MS Excel, and Visio. Plans and supports network layer 2 and 3 infrastructure. implementing and administrating common TCP/IP-based services, including DNS, DHCP, HTTP, FTP, SSH, SMTP, etc. Technologies LAN, WAN, TCP/IP, DNS, Latency, QoS, EIGRP, BGP Equipment Cisco Layer 2 and Layer 3 Switches Catalyst 6500E Supervisor 720 Cisco 3845 Routers Console Router configuration Cisco Network Analysis Module (NAM) Load Balancing (Cisco or third party) Cisco Firewalls ASA and PIX. IOS load and upgrade procedures, Access-list configurations, Routing protocols-EIGRP, BGP and OSPF, Citrix Netscaler load balancing, VLAN trunking, Layer 2 technologies, Spanning Tree Protocol, and Vlan Trunking Protocol. Basic Juniper and Enterasys configuration and troubleshooting. Vendor liaison for troubleshooting downed circuit/devices.

Prosoft, Inc.
Network Manager 7/06 – 09/09
In charge of daily operations and management of infrastructure and network server platforms for multiple locations. Advises and oversees server, router, switches, VPN, firewall configurations and documentation. Tier III support contact for help desk escalation of issues. Design and specification for upgrade and expansion of network infrastructure, facilities and branch office expansion, integration of convergence technologies including VoIP and Wireless networking. Principle contacts and coordination with vendors and service providers for network infrastructure and operations. Test, evaluation, planning and implementation of hardware & software migrations and updates in network environment, including on-call responsibility for after-hours operations. Supervisory Responsibilities: Local project manager, technical lead, employee supervision, timecard, and scheduling.

TEKsystems (IBM)
Network Manager/Engineer 1/05 – 7/06
The Network Manager/Engineer managing a team of 3 Network Engineers that are responsible for supporting the LAN/WAN network infrastructure. Demonstrating management & technical expertise, practices, strategies, and experience of large network infrastructure. Responsible for configuring and managing Cisco routers, switches, PIX and Checkpoint firewalls. Migration from Cisco 5500 to Cisco 6509. The scope of responsibility for this team begins at the design, planning, implementation, and proactive monitoring of network equipment to support existing and new applications. It includes security/performance monitoring, configuration management, and issue escalation and resolution. Specific devices include Cisco 6509,5500,2950,2600, Pix 525. Various network management and troubleshooting tools to include Cisco Works, HPOpenView, Vitalnet and Observer Suite with Remedy ticketing system.

Computer Merchant LTD
Network Engineer 8/03 – 12/04
Hands-on implementing and configuration of network devices such as servers, routers, hubs, switches, UPS, desktop computers, and cabling in a large LAN/WAN environment Cisco's Catalyst (set-based) OS version 6.3 and above and IOS 12.0 and above. Experience in designing, implementing, and troubleshooting VLANs using Cisco equipment, to include intimate knowledge of Spanning Tree Protocol (STP), VLAN Trunking Protocol (VTP), inter-VLAN routing, and trunking with ISL and 802.1q. Extensive implementation and configuration of Cisco 6509,4506,3550 Gigabit Switches. Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills. Various network management and troubleshooting tools to include Cisco Works, HPopenview and Remedy ticket management systems. Good communication skills. Contract position.

SAIC
Network Engineer 6/02 – 8/03
LAN/WAN Engineering. Systems deployment travel to international sites. Installations of Win2k Professional, Win2k Server, Oracle 8i, Java and other proprietary software. Extensive Active Directory configurations. Building and administration of staff LAN. Perform complex network engineering tasks across the full systems engineering life cycle, including requirements analysis, design, integration, test and implementation. Support installation at local and overseas locations, perform configuration and testing of government system and LAN/WAN environments. Interface with customers and vendors to resolve system configurations, integration, and deployment issues. Use software tools such as Visio, MS Project, and Excel to plan and manage deployment projects. Cat V cabling. Contract position.

DISA
Network Engineer 6/00 - 3/02
Provides day-to-day operations and administrative support for Windows NT 4.0, TCP/IP, OSI Layer, ATM (FORE), Cisco Routers and Gigabit Switches, Cabletron FastEthernet Switches, Raptor firewall products. Design and troubleshoot VLAN, ATM LANE, Fiber, Cat V, and any overall LAN\WAN connectivity issues. Ensure the security of the DISA network using ACL’s and firewall applications. Various network management and troubleshooting tools to include Cisco Works, Spectrum. Experience with Remedy ticket management systems. Installation of VOIP phone system. Networking and communication protocols (e.g., RIP, OSPF, TFTP, ICMP, DHCP, ARP, SNMP) Obtained DOD Level 1 System Administrator. Fiber Optic and Cat V cabling. Contract position.

Sprint
NOC Engineer 8/99 - 5/00
Proactively monitor fourteen multimillion-dollar high profile WAN accounts, to ensure operational standards were being always met. Some of those accounts include Charles Schwab, Fidelity Investments and Ernst & Young. Perform first and second level troubleshooting and configuring Cisco, and 3com routers. Monitor and troubleshoot Frame Relay circuits utilizing TDT2 in the TPX switch environment. Perform intrusive and non-intrusive circuit, as well as ISDN testing as needed. Maintaining high levels of customer relations to ensure that all outages and issues are handled in a timely and professional manner and that each customer is kept abreast of the status of their outages and trouble tickets.

STG, Inc.
Network Manager 9/98 -8/99
Duties were to troubleshoot and maintain NT Servers, MS Exchange Servers, PC equipment and peripherals. Design, implement and maintain upgrade to existing LAN. Establish user and machine system policies. Load Windows NT and various other software to include Microsoft Office, Visual Basic, Visio, and other programming applications. Install and configure hard disks, CD-ROMS, modems, memory and to set up fax and electronic mail services. Optimize application, operating system and network performance consisting of 4 floors, 14 NT Servers and 200 users. Fiber Optic and Cat V cabling. Contract position.

USMC
Network Manager/ LAN/WAN Engineer 7/93 - 7/98
Global/Regional Network Manager responsible for design, installation, support, and maintenance of MCB Quantico’s FDDI, Token Ring, and Ethernet networks. Including Router, Server, and PC upgrade and configuration. Extensive Fiber Optic and Cat V cabling. Consisting of 112 buildings, two 7500 Cisco Routers, over 130 Banyan Servers and over 6,500 users.

REFERENCES
Michael Vicchiollo
Systems Engineer
(H) 540-***-****
ad4u26@r.postjobfree.com

Dewayne Malloy
Systems Engineer
FEP Carefirst/BCBS
(c)301-***-****

Marcus Sweat
Network Engineer
Veteran Affairs
(C)615-***-****
Contact this candidate