Levoun I. Ohan

Phone: 832-***-****
Email: ad61gc@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/levounohan

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Seasoned network engineer with extensive experience in designing, managing, and securing network systems. Proven track record in leading teams to deliver critical support and operations, ensuring the security and efficiency of large-scale networks. Skilled in orchestrating cyber tasks, troubleshooting network issues, and providing technical guidance and infrastructure support. Adept at developing training programs, enhancing team capabilities, and driving successful project outcomes. demonstrating strong technical expertise and a commitment to continuous learning. Known for exceptional problem-solving abilities, excellent communication skills, and a strong dedication to mission success.

SKILLS AND CERTIFICATES

Amazon Web Services Practitioner
COMPTIA Sec+
Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA)
Cisco Certified Network Professional (CCNP)
Exceptional problem-solving abilities
Excellent communication skills
Strong leadership qualities
High adaptability and resilience
Collaborative teamwork

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

United States Air Force
Engineering Support Supervisor
JBSA Lackland
11/2022-Present

Powered 26-member team delivering Command and Control support & operations for the 24/7 AF Information Network (AFIN) Mission Assurance center in support of Air and Space Force operations.
Orchestrates cyber tasks for 10 global squadrons and IT specialists and guides Air and Space Force priorities while maintaining and securing the global network.
Coordinated Network Engineering solutions and provides technical guidance & infrastructure support to the enterprise.
Rallied 4 units to upgrade end-of-life 2012 servers at multiple Air force bases, using Tanium to locate these servers, resolving 8.8K vulnerabilities and ensuring low cyber vulnerability threat.
Oversaw 12 engineers to devise a fix for a certificate authentication failure spanning US Air Force Europe, restoring 2.6K systems & enabling Airlift Wing operations to support Ukraine missions.

United States Air Force
Network Management
Ramstein, Germany
10/2020-10/2022

Installed, configured, maintained USAFE Cisco routers and switches, managed 88 routers, 18 Palo Alto firewalls, protecting data/voice traffic across European & Allied AOR across 7 bases, 121 sites for 67K personnel.
Designed, managed, and troubleshot industry standard VPN solutions to connect remote sites with their main bases, ensuring secure communications to the tactical edge.
Developed and maintained the unit's training curriculum, expanded the organization's initial and mission qualification courses, and trained 21 operators to secure and defend communications equipment across the theater.
Led a 4-member team for network devices upgrade project, relocated 144 circuits for 98 sites across the European theater, bolstering the security posture and mitigating future hardware issues to support of 64 annual exercises and active operations.
Headed squadron VOIP overhaul by leading a 4-member team to replace 50 devices and boosted response coordination for 151 operators in support of 35K personnel.
UniqueFlo, TX
Desktop/Network Support
09/2019-02/2020

Provided Break-fix support for Laptops, desktops and network-related inquiries, providing guidance and training.
Installed, configured, and maintained network equipment and software, ensuring optimal performance and reliability.
Diagnosed and troubleshot network connectivity issues, performance problems, and security vulnerabilities.
Provided technical support for network infrastructure, including routers, switches, and wireless access points.

Mobility Integration Services Inc. (MIS), TX
Network Support Engineer
02/2018-02/2019

Delivered engineering services for AT&T projects, site integration, network upgrades, and troubleshooting.
Configured, maintained Cisco routers and switches, with extended experience in VLAN configuration, OSPF routing protocol, and IPv4/IPv6 protocols.
Executed essential IP (IPv4/IPv6) configuration, VLAN assignments, and speed adjustments as required.
Worked on various UMTS/LTE projects such as T1 adds and verification, Node B rehomes, RNC rebalancing, Ericsson ETMC1 board provisioning.

NCR Corp, TX
Field Engineer II
05/2016 –02/2018

Performed repairs on products like PC cores, enterprise level servers, communications equipment, networks, workstations and financial/ATM products.
Performed maintenance repair and system overhauls as a matter of routine (like modular swaps and unit replacements).
Installed and repaired Cisco/ AT&T Routers and Switches.
Worked with third party vendors for support and troubleshooting of routers and switches.
Installed and configures new equipment, including operating software or peripheral equipment as required.
Built professional working relationships with customers and develop informal communication channels with customer account at the local level, Represents NCR in a manner that reflects positively on the image and reputation of the company.

EDUCATION
Bachelor’s Degree, Software Engineering
AL-Mansour University Collage, 2004
Associate degree, Information Technology
Community College of the Air Force (CCAF), 2024

AWARDS
Commendation Medal for Heroism 2024
Outstanding Achievement Medal 2022
American Legion Spirit of Service Award 2022
Meritorious Service Commendation Medal 2022
Humanitarian Service Medal 2022
The President Volunteer Award 2021
Lance P. Sijan Award 2022
Contact this candidate