Farhan Khawaja
Cherry Hill, NJ, United States
ad793v@r.postjobfree.com
Summary
Experienced Infrastructure Engineer with a demonstrated history working with Vmware Esxi and Vcenter all versions, Veeam Backup and replication solutions configuration and installation, Disaster Recovery using Zerto, Pure Storage configuration and installation, Nimble Storage, Netapp Storage, EMC Storage, Cisco UCS Servers/Blades, HP Blades, Citrix Daas, Citrix XenApp and XenDesktop PVS and MCS, XenServer Hypervisor, WEM, IGel software, Imprivata, EPIC Software installation and configuration for healthcare industries, FSlogix Profile servers and VMware horizon View and Infrastructure. I have worked on projects that consisted of building installing and configuring Veeam backup and restore on prem and cloud, Citrix on prem to hybrid solutions using windows 10 and now windows 11. All versions Cisco Routers, Switches, Cisco UCS, Talari SD - Wan, Palo Alto Firewalls, Cisco ASA Firewalls, Manage Engine AD Audit, Fortinet/EnSilo Endpoint Protection, Mimecast, Strong information technology professional graduated from Vigilar Intense School, Springfield, VA.
Experience

Infrastructure Engineer
Temple Health, Philadelphia, PA
May 2 2022 –Present
Design, engineer, build and maintain Backup and Restore using Veeam, Vmware Vsphere Windows 10,11.Server 2008,2012,2016-2019 Citrix Infrastructure including Citrix XenDesktop, Citrix XenApp, Citrix Provisioning Services, Citrix MCS, Citrix StoreFront, Citrix NetScaler, Citrix FAS Deployment, IGel Software server and thin client build, Imprivata software and EPIC healthcare experience with installation and configuration etc. Experience with Citrix profile management and folder redirection as well as FSlogix. Experienced in video conferencing software such as Microsoft Teams and Zoom in a Citrix IGEL Environment. Responsible for the leading the Citrix team in daily activities, projects and special assignments. Leads and plans the maintenance of systems that provide for delivery of client software and applications to end users locally and remotely. Lead the Citrix team in daily activities, projects, and special assignments.
Plan maintenance of systems that provide for delivery of client software and applications to end users locally and remotely.
Responsible for the effective provisioning, installation/configuration, operation, and maintenance of systems software and related infrastructure in both physical and virtual, in a Windows and Linux environment.
Support the Citrix infrastructure and hosted client/end user environments such as XenApp, VDI and application integration.
Configure & manage the infrastructure and monitor performance of all systems to ensure availability of data, applications, and computing resources.
Provide assistance to project teams with technical issues and provide on-the-job training to junior staff.
Provide Tier 3 technical support and 24/7 on-call services for supported environments. Patch Management for all Virtual Desktops and Servers.

Citrix Network Engineering and Infrastructure
Schnader Harrison Segal & Lewis LLP
Dec 2015 – April 30 2022
Responsible for the design and build of network infrastructure and disaster recovery components and integrating technologies from various virtualized server and storage vendors. Responsibilities include managing the development and implementation of network infrastructure initiatives, reviewing network schematics, diagrams, and other documentation to assist with development and preparation of cost estimates, providing integrated systems planning and technology recommendations, managing network solutions to ensure successful fulfillment of end-user requirements. Recommend upgrades/changes, assess firms current and future network needs. Responsible for overall network availability and regular backups configure and maintain all systems related to security, restoration and seamless integration of all software and data to the networked server infrastructure. Lead and direct the work of others.

All Hands on Engineer with configuration and deployment responsibilities including: Veeam Backup and Replication, Qualys Management for Patch Management, Tenable Nessus, Nimble Storage Arrays, NetApp Data San Technology, Pure Storage FA-X50R3, Riverbed, Palo Alto Firewall PA-2020, Palo Alto Panorama, Citrix Netscaler VPX Load Balancers, Citrix XenDesktop, XenApp, Citrix XenServer 7.x, 8.2x LTSR,, IGEL 10x IGEL 11x, VMware VSphere 6x, Cisco UCS, Cisco Nexus 9000, Cisco ISR series Routers, Cisco ASA firewalls, Cisco wireless controllers, Meraki Switches Layer 2 and Layer 3, Meraki Wireless AP's, Zerto Replication, MS Azure, ShoreTel Mitel Voice Servers, Microsoft Exchange 2016, Solar winds Orion analyzing network tools and associated Operating Systems and Application software.
Network Engineering Supervisor
Resource Residential
Oct 2015 - Nov 2015 (2 months)
Senior Systems Engineer
Resource Residential
Dec 2014 - Oct 2015 (11 months)
Experienced in HP Blade System C700 Chassis onboard administrator, BL 460c Gen 9 blades,
Cisco UCS, Design and configuration, Active Directory, Exchange, MS SQl and VMware Horizon
5.2 View Thin Client and VCenter 5.1, 5.5 Esx-i Configuration Knowledgeable in EMC VNX, EMC
XtremIO, Brocade Switches, Palo Alto Firewall, Cisco ASA Firewalls, Orion SolarWinds Deployment and Configuration, Mass360 Configuration and Deployment. Also design and analyze equipment performance records to determine the need for repair or replacement and confers with network users about how to solve existing system problems, Perform data backups and disaster recovery operations Coordinates with vendors and with company personnel to facilitate purchases and allocate equipment and equipment charges to proper departments, Designs, configures, diagnoses, troubleshoots, and resolves hardware, software, or other network and system problems and replace defective components when necessary Gathers data pertaining to customer needs, and uses the information to identify, predict, interpret, and evaluate system and network requirements Implements and provides technical support for voice services and equipment, Maintain and administers computer networks and related computing environments including computer hardware, systems software, applications software, and all configurations Operates master consoles to monitor the performance of computer systems and networks, and to coordinate computer network access and use, Work on Purchase order for infrastructure equipment and look for best disaster recovery practices for long term growth. Install, configure, and support Resource Residential’ s local area network (LAN), wide area network (WAN), virtual private network (VPN), infrastructure systems, and manage MPLS/WAN. Monitor and provide performance reviews for junior staff engineers and mentor others within the dept.
Senior Network Engineer
Schnader Harrison Segal & Lewis LLP
Oct 2013 - Nov 2014 (1 year 2 months)
Responsible for the overall performance and availability of the network, including the following, NetApp
Data San Technology, ShoreTel Voice Servers, Riverbed Core Granite, VMware VSphere 5.1, Cisco
UCS, Cisco 3750 Switches, Cisco 2900, 3800 Series Routers, Cisco ASA firewalls, Cisco Wireless
Controllers, Microsoft Exchange 2010, Citrix VDI and Orion analyzing network tools and associated Operating Systems and Application software. Recommend upgrades/changes, assess firms current and future network needs. Responsible for overall network availability and regular backups. Configure and maintain all systems related to security, restoration and seamless integration of all software and data to the networked server infrastructure. Familiar with a variety of the field's concepts, practices, and procedures. Rely on extensive experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. Lead and direct the work of others.
Network Engineer
Drinker Biddle & Reath LLP
Aug 2008 - Oct 2013 (5 years 3 months)
Responsible for Network Engineering including:

Install, Configure, and Troubleshoot HP Server /Blades Smart Start Windows 2003, 2008 Server, MS
Terminal Services, RemoteApp, Cisco Unified Computing System Blade Systems (UCS), VMware
ESX Server VSphere 4.0, 4.1, 5.0, Configure, troubleshoot Cisco Cat 3750-E Switches, Routers, Cisco
6509 Core Infrastructure, Cisco ACS Wireless Controllers, Configure, troubleshoot, Support Palo Alto Networks (NGF) Next Generation Firewalls including Panorama management, Perform server software upgrades familiar with Active Directory, configuring and creating user accounts, OU’s, Create Group objects, Create Group policy's, Modify Login Scripts (script Logic) Deploy and Administer Symantec Endpoint Anti-Virus 11, 10 Symantec (Veritas) Backup Exec 9 and 10, Back-up online services using Ameri-Vault, Configure Deploy/test WSUS 3.0 updates on all client workstations, Install print servers and configurations, configure secure and troubleshoot Cisco wireless Aps and client workstations for wireless connectivity, Provide support for miscellaneous software programs and applications used by law firms.
Wireless Engineer
Drinker Biddle & Reath LLP
May 2004 - Jul 2008 (4 years 3 months)
Desktop Support Engineer
Drinker Biddle & Reath LLP
Feb 2001 - May 2004 (3 years 4 months)
Education
Drexel University 1996-2000
Computer and Information Systems Security/Information Assurance
Computer Learning Center 2000-2001
Diploma Information Technology Support and Network Administration
Vigilar Intense School, Springfield, VA
Certification Microsoft 2003 MCSE
United States Marine Corps, 29 Palms, CA
Small Computer Systems Specialist Course
Licenses & Certifications
MCSE - Microsoft
3763997
VCP5-DCV - VMware
Nimble Storage Introduction and Administration Accreditation Course - Nimble Storage
Issued Jan 2016 - Expires Jan 2018
NTS-2001-I-Exam
Skills
VMware Infrastructure • Cisco Switches • Cisco Routers • Cisco UCS • EMC Storage • NetApp •
VMware View • VMware ESX • Citrix XenApp • Citrix XenDesktop • Pure Storage
Contact this candidate