Prathap Donthala

**** ******* **
Apex NC
****3

Mobile:614-***-**** Email:ad7bgg@r.postjobfree.com

IBM-Certified DB2 DBA in LUW
Designation: Senior Principal Infrastructure Engineer/Advisor at TRUIST Bank (SAP DB2 & HANA, UDB, MySQL, Cassandra, POSTGRESQL, MongoDB)

Professional Summary: -
16 years of total IT Experience with 14 years’ experience on DB2 UDB & SAP Database Administration and 6 years’ experience on MySQL, Netezza and 2 years in POSTGRESQL Databases Administration, MongoDB, and Cassandra
Build the databases systems from scratch and configure the system as per application requirements.
Perform various types of steps to resolve the slow query/application performance issue
Work with various application teams from different distributed databases and understand to tune the database according to their business model
Training a bunch of TNTs on a timely manner to adapt the new technologies in our team
Complete knowledge in setting MySQL Innodb cluster setup for new systems/applications.
HADR with TSA Implementation in production environment
Experience with Multi standby HADR nodes configuration
Experience on DB2 Blue
Hands-on in shell scripting & Query tuning
Wrote the commands for DR activity steps across DB2, MySQL and POSTGRESSQL Environments
Experience with Optim Performance Manager implementation in production server
Started working with IBM data server Manager (A next generation tool from IBM)
Hands on Tools like MySQL workbench, IBM Netezza Admin, MySQL performance Monitor and HPDMA, Rubricks etc
Experience in setting up Adaptive Compression.
Experience in writing Database Health Check reports scripts
Experience with Upgrading and downgrading TSA cluster online from lower to High version
Worked on multiple DB2 Version upgrades on Critical Landscapes
Performed Performance Tuning for production database server
Experience with database troubleshooting
Preparation of Project documents, implementation plan & change grids
Recommendation on Hardware & capacity planning for database server
Participation in DR planning and Implementation
Experience in handling the team as a lead

Software Details:-
DB2 Version 11.5,11.1, 10.5, 10.1, 9.7, 9.5, 9.1, 8.1
MySQL version 5.7 8.0
Apache Cassandra 4.1
MongoDB 7.0 and 6
PostgreSQL Version 9.6 and 12
IBM Netezza Versions 7.**
AIX Version 5.3, 6.1, 7.1, 7.3
Suse Linux – 10.1, 11.1, 11.3
Redhat Linux - 5.1, 6.4, 7.2
Windows – XP, 2000, 2003, 2007, 2010

Education:-
Masters in Computer Applications (MCA) :- From S.V University, Tirupathi in the year 2008 with 78%

BSC Computers :- Graduated From Mother Theresa Degree College, Palamaner in 2005 with 90% marks secured

Professional Experience:-

BB&T Corporation Jun 2015 - Current
Project: BB&T Database Systems
Role: Database Consultant
Environment: DB2 UDB & SAP/HANA/MySQL/Netezza/Sql Server/AIX/Linux/zLinux
Period : June 2015– till date
URL’s: http://www.bbt.com/

BB&T Corporation is a bank holding company based in Winston-Salem, NC. its bank operates 2049 branches in 15 states and Washington, D.C, and offers consumer and commercial banking, securities brokerage, asset management, mortgage and insurance products and services.

I am currently working as a database consultant handling majorly DB2 SAP, UDB and MySQL systems. I also manage IBM Netezza and Sql server systems too.

Roles & Responsibilities -

Supporting close to 4000 databases servers across multiple database environments
Perform end to end database operation activities across platforms
Migrating databases and installing Fix Pack and special builds bases on requirements
Perform DR test activities across the environments
Works closely with applications team and suggest them a lot in terms of query performance and tuning
works closely with vendors on any special builds or bugs in vendor software
wrote scripts to generate the database stats on corporate portals for Top Management's convenient view
Play around with HA in new environments and also automating it with TSA.
Perform different backup and restore scenarios with minimal downtime using different storage mediums.
Wrote scripts to automate the database maintenance activities like Reorg and Runstats.
Gave Demos in lot of Tech talk meetings across platforms
Work on capacity planning, database layout and designing. Handle performance issues related to SQL queries and database configuration

Wipro Technologies Sep 2012 - Jun 2015
Project: Cardinal Health, NA
Role: Lead Database Administrator/DB Architect, PL
Environment: DB2 UDB V9.7/10.1/V10.5 /AIX/Linux/zLinux & NT
Period : Sep 2012– till date
URL’s: http://www.cardinalhealth.com/

Cardinal Health, Inc. is a Fortune 500 healthcare services company based in Dublin, Ohio. The firm specializes in distribution of pharmaceuticals and medical products, serving more than 60,000 locations. The firm also manufactures medical and surgical products, including gloves, surgical apparel and fluid management products. In addition, it operates the nation’s largest network of radio pharmacies.

Worked as a Lead DB2 UDB DBA at onsite handling both production & development databases and coordinating team at offshore.

Roles & Responsibilities -

Supporting around 1000 databases having 30 SAP Production and 100 non sap Production databases
Build database servers both SAP and Non SAP from end to end that includes, installing DB2 binaries, Creating instance, creating database, configuring parameters and enabling Netbackup/Flash/clone/XIV copy backups.
Migrating databases and installing Fixpack and special builds bases on requirements
Handling both Run work and Project works
Understanding the requirement from Application owners, Preparing an Tech document on same and delegating the work to Offshore
Shift, handling escalation, managing timesheet, recruiting and grooming new resources.
Managing and administering the production and development databases on multiple servers.
Setting up HADR in new environments and also automating it with TSA.
Flash restore of databases.
Verify alert mails like backup status, percentage usage of tablespaces, missing permissions, etc.
Daily basis health checkup of production databases like checking diagnostic, notify logs, etc.
Interacting with clients, attending workshops to solve their issues.
Work on capacity planning, database layout and designing. Handle performance issues related to SQL queries and database configuration

Cognizant Technology Solutions May 2010 - Sep 2012
Project: STAPLES Inc
Role – Sr Database Administrator (Sr System Executive)

Roles and Responsibilities:

Supporting around 150 servers and 250 databases across staples environment.
Developing small shell scripts for various automation
Closely working with IBM experts on PMR’s
Maintaining Database Level (DB CFG) and Database Manager Level (Instance) Parameters.
Installation and configuration of DB2 server on AIX
Creation of instances and databases
Creation of various DB2 objects like tables, schema etc.
Creation off Bufferpool and tablespaces
Using the utilities to export import and load the data
Granting and revoking the rights on DB objects to different users
Upgrading the DB2 server from a lower version
Applying the Fix Pack to DB2 system
Responsible for executing Runstats, Reorghchk and Reorg on tables and indexes and Rebinding of Procedures
Working with DB2ADVIS and DB2EXPLAIN to monitor the performance issues
Monitoring the db2 systems using snapshot and Event monitors and DB2TOP
Scheduling the backups using Cronjob and task schedules on AIX,LINUX
Responsible for taking Full online, Full offline,incremental and Delta backups according to the requirement
Restoration of backups using full backups as well as Incremental backups
Redirect restoration of backups from source server to destination servers
Maintain the Tablespaces and altering the tablespaces to add or extend the containers
Taking the DB2LOOK of database and objects
Cataloging the databases
Providing the support to development teams for enhancing the query performance
Hands on DB2 tools like Toad, Developer Workbench, Control Center and OPM
SQL Replication
Table Movement using Admin tab move function in db2 V9.7
Table compression
Reclaiming space from HWM
Monitoring scheduled Jobs, deadlocks, analyzing long running processes

TTK Services June 2008 – May 2010
Project – Healthcare Management
Role – Database Administrator (Remote Executive Analyst)

Roles and Responsibilities:

Supporting around 100 databases across the TTK health services environment.
Configuring and tuning Database and Database Manager Level Parameters.
Installation DB2 Software on Window and Linux servers
Creation of instances and databases
Creation of DB2 objects like tables, schema, indexes, views, aliases etc.
Using the utilities to export import and load the data
Granting and revoking the rights on DB objects to different users
Upgrading the DB2 server from a lower version
Monitoring the db2 systems using snapshot and Event monitors and DB2TOP
Scheduling the backups using Cronjob and task schedules on AIX,LINUX
Responsible for taking Full online, Full offline,incremental and Delta backups according to the requirement
Restoration of backups using full backups as well as Incremental backups
Redirect restoration of backups from source server to destination servers

GET FRIDAY June 2006 – June2008
Project - Pivotal Management
Role – Software Executive

Roles and Responsibilities:

Monitoring the Db2 file system usages and alerting the customer on space addition and clean up
Installation and Maintaining the Pivotal Tool and database locally
Creating tables and indexes as required.
Scheduling backups and alerts for servers on cron
Performing maintenance task like Reorg and runstats
Forcing the applications as per as requested by Apps
Working on L1 and L2 level tasks
Monitoring scheduled Jobs, deadlocks, analyzing long running processes

Professional Certification:
IBM certified DB2 UDB DBA-

●IBM: Test 000-730: DB2 9 Family Fundamentals
●IBM: Test 000-731: DB2 9 DBA for Linux UNIX and Windows
Contact this candidate