Senior Infrastructure Engineer, Nexthink SME
Maxwell Perry, ad81vf@r.postjobfree.com, (213) 909 – 7268
Experience

HCSC – Blue Cross Blue Shield of Illinois, April 2024 – Present: Full time Senior Infrastructure Engineer. Lead an advanced deployment of Nexthink in HCSC’s environment. Serve as technical lead to develop and implement long term solutions for various teams to improve end user experience and provide support in troubleshooting major incidents and technical bridges.
Brooksource, Jan 2024 – March 2024: Contract Role with HCSC as a Nexthink SME to assist with implementing and developing Nexthink.

Synchrotech Solutions Inc, April 2023 – December 2023: Contract Role as a Nexthink SME. Building out Kyowa Kirin North America’s Nexthink instance. Primarily focused on Software Rollout – inventory, impact on resources.
Zeektek, Dec 2022 – Present: Contract Role with HP as a Nexthink SME. Work with Product Delivery and Deployment Teams to develop HP’s product offerings using Nexthink. Developed a suite of Alerts and Live Dashboards using NQL. Primarily working with Product Management.
Apex Solutions, November 2022: Worked 1 month project with client Edward Jones to develop their internal network infrastructure monitoring with Remote Actions and created Remote Actions and Dashboards in support of their Windows 11 Readiness project. Created and deployed 3 custom Remote Actions and 40+ Metrics.
Merge IT, October 2022: 1 Month Contract with Client, Dell. Provided SME support for Dell as part of new Nexthink implementation for Dell’s client. Analyzed client’s hardware to determine “correct fit” and inform management to assist in purchasing new fleet or, conversely, where they had made good decisions already. Customized product offering for Persona Insights.
Atos, Jan 2020 – September 2022: Provided Nexthink Support for Northrop Grumman. Generated reports across multiple engines using proprietary NXQL language with PowerShell. Deployed countless Remote Actions, Metrics and Campaigns. Light Dashboard usage.
MergeIT/Net2Source, September 2019 – Jan 2020: Contract to Hire with Atos in support of The Walt Disney Company and Marvel Studios. Provided general T1-T3 IT Support for Studio Production on the filming lot in Burbank, CA.
MelroseINC, March 2018 – September 2019: Designed and deployed physical networks and provided Genral IT Support for various clients in Film, Television and Local Government.

Technical Skills and Certs

Nexthink Basic, Pro and Master Certification
NXQL, NQL, PowerShell, Product Management, Development and Implementation

Education
The School of the Art Institute of Chicago, Early College Program – 2004-2006
Cortiva Institute – Accelerated LMT Program, Certificate – 2007-2008
Contact this candidate