VINCENT RAFFAEL AZZARO
*** ****** ****** *****
Las Vegas, Nevada 89123-6005
ad89n5@r.postjobfree.com
702-***-****
Professional Profile:
As a technically hands-on Windows Network Infrastructure Engineer, I bring over 20 years of experience in creating, administrating, and maintaining complex network systems. I have a strong background in Windows-based environments and have achieved Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP) and Microsoft Certified Systems Administrator (MCSE) certifications. My expertise also extends to creating and administrating Azure Cloud services and managing distributive systems. With a focus on delivering reliable and secure networks, I have a proven track record of successfully troubleshooting and resolving network issues while continuously seeking to improve system performance and processes.
Work History:
IT System-Network Administrator/IT Engineer, Dreamscape/RIO Hotel Casino OCT23 to MAY24 I diagnose and resolve problems that affect system performance or accessibility to an IT service within in the MS-Window Server. I would track system health and recognize unusual network activity, which may involve security-sensitive actions like illicit network access or data transfer. Oversee the computer systems, modify configurations, utilities, software default settings, and more for workstations. Deploy new and replacement equipment for employee use, ensure proper installation of cables, operating systems, or software. Ensure end user satisfaction, accuracy, and timelines are all met. IT asset management (ITAM) with the IT Manager/IT Director to develop and manage to ensure they are used, maintained, upgraded, and eventually disposed of properly at the end of its life cycle. Also relies on financial, contractual, and inventory insights to track and make informed decisions about IT assets. Install and perform minor repairs to hardware, software, or peripheral equipment, following design or installation specifications. Develop training materials and procedures, and train users in the proper use of hardware or software. Keeps up to date on current desktop and LAN technologies through continuing education, journal review, web searches, and formal seminar opportunities. Manage and maintain all computer hardware and software, including disaster recovery. Installing new VMware software, monitoring performance, developing more effective techniques, and troubleshooting problems. Assist in researching, designing, and implementing new programs. Identify and solve problems in existing hardware and software solutions. Conduct routine hardware diagnostics and repair replace faulty components. Documentation & Reporting. Maintain detailed documentation of Custom hardware configurations, including diagrams, setup instructions, and test results. Develop, modify, and maintain databases. Design, implement, and maintain computer systems and networks, which may include personal computers, servers, networking equipment, operating systems, and software applications. Production support. Maintain and update system documentation. Maintain and enhance security, recover lost data, and resolve system crashes. Oversee IT vendor selection and management, including hardware, software, networking, and telecommunications. Support the company’s administrative functions, including purchasing and inventory control. Support custom software development and quality assurance Conduct rigorous testing of custom hardware configurations to ensure functionality, performance, and compatibility with existing systems. IT Manager (Hands On), G2G Management, Las Vegas, Nevada APR23 to AUG23 I provided the company with information services and support to field operations and corporate office by defining and solving information requirements, resolving connectivity, telecom, and technology equipment issues as well as maintaining and securing the corporate infrastructure supporting the entire network of users, restaurants, and corporate entities. Manages, installs, and maintains our corporate equipment, network/telecom infrastructure, MS-Windows Server and IT vendors/service providers for office, remote, field, and new restaurant openings. Manages the Systems and Application Support vendors that provide help desk functions. Manages the Network and Infrastructure Support vendors that provides hardware and network/telecom functions. Maintain infrastructure inventory and software license management. Manages IT vendor relationships (including vendor and contract maintenance) to promptly resolve issues, recommends product enhancements, and stays current on product changes (Office equipment, Store POS equipment, network, telecom, mobile). Communicate and coordinate with various departments to assess their needs to develop and implement application/software changes. Coordinates and manages IT projects, communicates changes and progress, completes projects on time and budget. In certain instances, provide training for end users. Maintains consistent, reliable, and secure information by establishing policies, procedures, methods, and standards, including system access and disaster recovery programs and provides hands on support during emergencies, outages, and service transitions. Reviews, understands, and manages system security compliance such as surveillance systems and PCI credit card standards. On-call, on-site, and remote support for all units and area directors regarding POS functions, connectivity issues, telecom, internet and peripheral device support. Oversees data polling and data integrity storage and security. Manages VOIP and Denny’s call center for to-go orders. Manages in-restaurant technology such as iPad apps (waitlist, inventory) and Chromebooks used for training, onboarding, scheduling, online meetings. Release Technician, Resource Logistics, Inc. (Contractor with Starbucks), (Remote)Las Vegas, Nevada MAR23 to MAY23 Nightly Deployment Validation North America/Canada Company owned stores. Monitoring of deployments using Marimba and perform remediation based on SOPs. Support software deployments overnight. Triage failures and verify that endpoints have successfully installed the software based on compliance report before store opening on following day. Troubleshoot deployment failure issues through SOPs with by calling the stores to resolve the issue as required. Communicate issue resolution to release and deployment teams. Perform maintenance and system configuration of MS-Windows & Server support for the endpoints that are part of deployment. Release/Deployment resources supports calling store using AWS Connect or any other tool to fix any ongoing release/deployment related issues.
IT Systems Analyst – Operations, TEK Systems (Contractor with UHG/Optum), Las Vegas, Nevada MAY22 to SEP22 Provided 24/7 on-call support for all hardware and software systems, including servers, desktops, laptops, and printers. Configured and managed MS-Windows Server, AD, SCCM/MECM, VMWare, VMware ESXi, V-Center, V-Sphere, SEP, and PowerShell. Production support. Troubleshot network problems and conflicts and suggested improvements for optimum performance and minimum downtime. Installs and configures Linux systems including back-end databases and scripts. Managed users and groups in Active Directory and performed hands-on administration of LAN and WAN. Conduct routine hardware diagnostics and repair replace faulty components. Installed and maintained hardware and software for users and departments as required. IT Manager on the Gaming Product Team (Hands On), Caesars Entertainment, Las Vegas, Nevada DEC21 to MAR22 Managed the Gaming Product Team, including project plan development, deployment, and management. Conducted weekly and monthly status meetings, identified and managed project risks and issues, and communicated project results. Successfully managed multiple projects and was able to communicate effectively. Managed project funding, including financial transactions and forecasting, and worked with SME to determine hardware and software needs. Production support. Procured hardware and software using Ariba P2P and created and managed labor SOWs. Provided 24/7 on-call support. Senior IT Engineer, AppLovin (Machine Zone), Las Vegas, Nevada & Palo Alto, California SEP15 to OCT21 Responsible for communication of critical Incident status to all key stakeholders. Ensures timely service restoration and problem resolution of complex and/or high impact incidents and minimize the adverse impact of incidents and problems. Creates and manages all Problem tickets throughout their lifecycle. Performed hands-on administration of 6 technicians, monitoring, and troubleshooting of networks. Diagnosed and resolved hardware and software issues and managed users and groups in Active Directory. Implemented Windows PowerShell scripts and managed Google Apps. Configured and maintained firewalls, switches, and routers. Managed hardware and software inventory and worked with Azure and Intune to enroll machines into inventory database. Created and deployed JAMF policies for MAC endpoints. Troubleshoot Nagios Alerts. Manage systems routine backup, scheduling jobs, enabling jobs, enabling system logging and network logging of servers for maintenance Create and maintain user's accounts, profiles, security, rights disk space and process monitoring. Provide technical support by troubleshooting day-to-day issues with various Servers on different platforms. Performed hardware and software support for all servers, desktops, laptops, and printers and performed other duties for facilities, HR, payroll, office manager, and catering service. Managed virtual machines and installed applications, patches, and software updates for MS-Windows Servers. Production support. Created virtual switches and network settings for redundancy. Maintained OKTA with a SSO for all users. Setup and maintained MS-Teams and Skype for Business and conducted quarterly audits on development portals. Managed cloud infrastructure for running applications in AWS and Azure/Office 365. Maintained & setup Aruba, Meraki and Palo Alto equipment.
IT Network/Systems Manager (Hands-On) KGA Architecture - Las Vegas, Nevada & Austin, Texas AUG07 to SEP15 As IT Network/Systems Manager for KGA Architecture, I supervised 10 technicians. I was responsible for configuring, managing, installs and deployment various critical IT server systems, racks within a server rooms. Power distribution for redundancy, cooling and network infrastructure. Including MS-Windows Server, Active Directory (AD), Microsoft Exchange, DHCP, DNS, WSUS, WDS, Anti-Virus, and Backup Servers. Production support. Installs and systems including back-end databases and scripts. I was hands-on in installing and maintaining standard software and hardware as per user/department requirements, and was tasked with daily management of IT personnel, including performance reviews, PTO requests, and fostering of teamwork and cohesion. My technical expertise also involved troubleshooting and resolving network problems and conflicts. I was responsible for the security equipment of the company, including the Watchguard Firebox X5500e firewall, Symantec Antivirus System Center, and the Central Quarantine Server. Production support. My efforts in lowering spam by 75% through firewall filtering and scripting custom rules in Perl demonstrated my ability to suggest improvements and make the system foolproof. Converted MS-Exchange and MS-Office to Office 365 I performed hands-on administration, monitoring, and troubleshooting of the Local Area Network (LAN) to ensure optimum performance and minimum downtime. I was also responsible for performing desktop migration from Windows 2000 to Windows XP and provided technical support for corporate client/server systems. I performed all levels of hardware and software systems support for all servers, desktops, laptops, and printers, BIOS/firmware/driver levels3 updates and was available 24/7 for on-call support. Skills
Technical Inventory
Goal-oriented / High attention to detail
Applying hardware and software design
Technical Customer Support
Background
Tri-lingual – English, Italian & Spanish
(Fluently Speak/Read/Write)
Response & Resolution times for
Major Incidents within client
contracted SLAs
Production of Root Cause Analysis
documentation within SLA
Reduction of Major Incidents
Resolution of Problem Records
Avoidance of repeat incidents
Team management
Production support.
Complex problem solving
Results-oriented
Customer relations
Talent Development
Application Support
Application Management
Skilled in communicating with technical and
non-technical audiences.
POS (Point of Sale) System training
Disaster recovery
Licensing
ITIL Practices
Hardware/software installation
Strategic Planning
Finance management
Microsoft Windows 95 – 11 Pro,
Windows Server NT4-2025, Exchange 03
– 19, SQL, AD, MDT, Azure AD, Intune
MDM Teams, SCCM, Pixie Boot,
PowerShell, Office 365 / 03 – 24, DOS
2.10 – 6.22
Apple OSX, JAMF 100, MDM, JAMF
Connect
UNIX, Linus Red-Hat
VM-Ware 6 - 8, V-Center, VMware
ESXi6.5 - 8, V-Sphere 7 – 8, VMware
Workstation 6
Veeam, SAN, NAS, iSAN, Storage
Arrays
Corel Suite
Citrix, Citrix XenApp
DUO Authentication
Android platform of tablets, and
phones
Apple devices Mac Book Pro, iPad,
iPhone and all devices
IIS, LAN, WLAN, WAN, DMZ, VOIP,
LDAP, Radius
AWS, Azure, Google Cloud
Crown Strike, Norton, McAfee, Trend
Micro, Rapid7
Network Policy Services for RADIUS
implementation
HPE/Dell Physical Server Technology
Adobe Creative Suite
Last Pass, 1Password
Google G-Suite
VPN-Server-Client Global
Product, Z-Scaler
IEEE 802.3 Ethernet family,
802.11 wireless family,
802.1w, 802.1x 802.1Q,
802.11a/b/g/n/ac/ax, AAA,
TACACS, SNMP, LDAP, DHCP,
DNS, OSPFv2, BGP, PIM,
IGMP, MSDP, VSX, VRRP, IPv4,
IPv6, TCP/UDP, IPSec, IKE,
ISAKMP, SHCP, WSUS, WES,
PPP, L2TP, TCP/IP, OSPF,
MPLS, BGP, L2&L3, VLSM,
CIDR NAT, Static, Dynamic
Wi-Fi Access Point, Meraki,
Palo Alto, Aruba
Firewalls, Palo Alto, Watch
Guard, 3Com Cisco. Aruba
Center, SonicWALL
Symantec – Antivirus, Ghost
Zoom, Google Hangouts,
Slack, Web-X, MS-Teams, A/V
equipment
OKTA, JIRA
SSO, Single Sign-on
integrations
Education and Certifications
Point of Sales System - Micros Hospitality System Training - March 2004
Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP) / Microsoft Certified Systems Administrator (MCSE) 2000 - February 1999
EMT-D, Emergency Medical Technician – Defibrillation Wyandanch - Wheatley Heights Volunteer Ambulance Corp. May 1986
Grumman Data Systems Institute, Woodbury, New York 11797 354 Hour Computer Operation Program, Graduate - November 1986
U.S. Army, Combat Telecommunication Operator MP Unit Clerk Secret Security Clearance, Honor Graduate - June 1984
L.A. Wilson Technological Center, Lindenhurst, New York 11757 Two Year- Data processing Program, Graduated - June 1984
North Babylon High School, North Babylon, New York 11703 – Diploma - June 1984 Professional and Personal References
Bill Oliver Vice President of IT & Analytics 702-***-**** ad89n5@r.postjobfree.com
Ryan Lam Senior IT Automation Engineer 408-***-**** ad89n5@r.postjobfree.com
David Heinz Director IT Infrastructure 702-***-**** ad89n5@r.postjobfree.com
Robert Bernaldo Cyber Engineer 702-***-**** ad89n5@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate