Curriculum Vitae

Pushpak Ramesh Attarde.
Aniruddha Sagar Plot No 111
Sector 21 Ulwe, Navi Mumbai
Pin Code: 410206
Email: ad8tko@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile: 909-***-**** / 808-***-****

Objective:

Seeking a job with responsibility in a challenging environment where I can make positive contribution while building upon the knowledge & skills I have acquired through my education and experience.

Current Work Experience :

Safran India Pvt.Ltd (07-Feb-2023 till date.)
Designation: Senior Windows/Virtualization Administrator.
Roles & Responsibility :
Providing L1, L2 support, Remote support, and coordination with user through VNC, Web Ex & Team Viewer software.
Co-ordinating with vendors for Hardware problem Resolution and maintenance.
Working on VMware For Managing and Creating Virtual Machine.
Increasing Disk Space of the Virtual Machine on Vmware.
Performing Activity during MOCK cab Approval such as, Live Migration of Virtual machine.
Perform Hardening activity on New Server such as Windows Server and IIS hardening on server 2016 and 2019
Working on wsus for Patch Deployment, WSUS cleanup.
Working on Monitoring tools such as Solar-wind and Nagios for server monitor.
Working on Service now, creating interactive dashboard for ticket and share report with SDM on monthly basis.
Major Activity Performed :
Completed Windows Server Operating system upgradation for chronos 2 project.
Created and configured Affinity and VM Host rule in vcenter server for critical server.
Upgraded VMTool on all client machine in vcenter server.
Upgraded vcenter server and ESXI host to fix the vulnerability.
Completed Electrical Maintenance activity for different site.
Participating in Storage upgradation ( Netapp on tap) with storage team.
Participating in Storage shutdown and power up activity for Electrical maintenance with the storage team.
Basic Troubleshooting :
Windows cannot verify the digital signature for this file.
Bcdboot error, Winload.exe error on server while accessing.
After Pushing security patches on server, server get continuously rebooted.
Basic Disk-related issue.
Troubleshooting on windows server failed patch.
VMware Basic Skills :
Installation and Configuration of vCenter server and manage them with web client and vSphere clients.
Converting Physical to Virtual ( P2V ) using VMware converter 6.1.
Create Snapshot and Clone of the Virtual Machine.
Create Template of the Virtual Machine.
Create cluster and have good knowledge in HA, DRS, FT.

Work Experience :

Link Administration Service Pvt.Ltd (10-Jan -2022 06-Feb-2023)
Designation: System Administrator.
Roles & Responsibility :
Working on VMware For Managing and Creating Virtual Machine.
Increasing Disk Space of the Virtual Machine on Vmware.
Performing Activity during MOCK cab Approval such as, Live Migration of Virtual machine.
Virtual Machine Migration from One Storage to Another Storage Within a Fail-Over Cluster.
Increasing disk space of Virtual Hard Disk on Server from Storage as per the User Requirement.
Working on Big-Fix Tool for Patch Deployment and Standard basic software Deployment.

Work Experience :

Futurz Staffing Solution Pvt.Ltd (7-Jun -2019 to 5 Jan 2022)
Designation: System Administrator.
Roles & Responsibility :
Working as a Windows Server Administrator in Datacenter deputed on BSE project ( Mumbai )
Managing Active Directory.
Working on DNS & DHCP.
Create User Account as per the project requirement.
Co-ordinating with vendors for Hardware problem Resolution and maintenance.
Working on Microsoft Hyper-V Manager For Managing Virtual Machine.
Import and Export a Virtual Machine form One Storage to Another Storage Within a Hyper-V Manager.
Working on Big-Fix Tool for Patch Deployment and Standard basic software Deployment.
Working on Monitoring tools such as Solar-wind and Nagios for server monitor.

Work Experience :

HCL Services Ltd. (26 June 2017 to 31 Jan 2019)
Designation: Windows Administrator
Roles & Responsibility :
Working. as a Windows Administrator in Datacenter deputed on RBI project ( Mumbai )
Providing L1 Support, Remote support, and coordination with user through VNC & TeamViewer software.
Managing Active Directory.
MS Patch Management for Windows Servers and Client Computers through WSUS 3.2 Server.
Create User Accounts, Generic Email-Id & Group Policies as per the project requirement.
Taking daily, weekly, monthly, yearly backup of Server & restoration of Backup of Server through, Device Management, Media Management & Jobs Management with the help of NetVault Backup Tool of Version 11.3.
Troubleshooting Backup failure issue on Tapes.
Generation of Daily Backup success And Failure Report.
Monitoring Backup Task, Manually Labelling Taps And send to off-site.
Working on Samadhan Application of version 6.0.
Working on DMIS portal & Ekuber (CBS) Application.

Work Experience:

ITSOURCE Technologies Ltd. (9 March 2016 to 19 June 2017)
Designation: Windows Admin Level 1.
Roles & Responsibility :
Working atDatacenter (DC) & Disaster Recovery (DR) in public sector of Rural Bank Project, ( Central Bank Of India )
Providing L1 support, Remote support, and coordination with user through VNC & TeamViewer software.
Taking daily, weekly, monthly, yearly backup of Server & restoration of Backup of Server through, Device Management, Media Management & Jobs Management with the help of NetVault Backup Tool of Version 11.3.
Maintaining Backup Tapes (LTO) as per the Backup Schedule.
Reporting all Server Health Report to the Project Manager.

Work Experience:

ORIENT TECHNOLOGY Pvt.Ltd. (23 FEB 2015 to 22 FEB 2016)
Designation: Support Engineer L1 Level.
Working with Orient Technology, Mumbai as a Resident Engineer of SHCIL House, At-Mahape-Navi Mumbai as a Windows Support Engineer L1 Level.
Roles & Responsibility :
Providing L1 support, Remote support and coordination with user.
Taking Active Directory Database Service backup & restoring them as per requirements.
Software Installation & Maintenance of Operating System in Various departments.
Installation & Configuration of Microsoft Outlook 2007, 2010.

Work Experience:

Ketaki Industries Pvt. Ltd. (01 January 2013 to 20 Feb 2015)
Designation: Quality Control and Service Engineer.
Roles & Responsibility :
Testing & Maintenance Of Industrial Electrical Equipments.
Checking and Maintenance of all fabrication Equipments.
Visiting Site and checking Drill, gate, Welding fabrication works.
Testing Of Control Cards .
Testing Of ACOR “ AUTOMATIC CHANGE-OVER RELAY ” Card.
Technical Skill :
Server : Windows server 2012, 2012 R2, 2016, 2019.
Operating System : Windows 10.
Virtualization : MS Hyper_V, Vmware.
Backup Tool : Netvault Backup Tool 11.3.
Remote Tool : Tight VNC.
Antivirus : Symantec End Point Protection14.0 MP2.
Hardware : IBM Blade center HS22,Dell Power edge R710, IBM Tape Library TS330.

Summary :
Installation of Operating System such as Windows8, Windows 10.
Installation Of Server Operating System Such as, Windows server 2012R2, Windows Server 2016, 2019,2022.
Basic of LAN, IP Addressing & Network Cable.
Basic of OSI reference Model.
Basic of TCP/IP Model.
Installation & configuration of Active Directory.
Installation & configuration of DNS.
Installation & configuration of DHCP Server.
Installation & configuration of Virtual Machine.
Manage & Create User, Group Policy & OU (Organizational Unit) in AD.

Educational Qualification:
Passed Bachelor of Electronics & Telecommunication Engineering from K.C.E.College of Engineering & IT Technology, from North Maharashtra University and secured First Class in 2012.
Passed Higher Secondary Examination from Pune Board in 2007 and secured First Class.
Passed Secondary School Examination from Pune Board in 2005 and secured First Class.
Additional Qualification :
VMWARE 6.5 Datacenter from Aztec Academy.
Computer Hardware and Networking completed from IP Solution Pvt.Ltd.
MCSA (Microsoft Certified Solution Associate) completed from IP Solution Pvt.Ltd.

Personal Detail:
Date of Birth : September 30- 1989.
Marital Status :Married.
Nationality : Indian.
Areas of Interest : Reading Sybex Book, KB Khanchadani Book.
Languages Known : English, Hindi and Marathi.
Passport : L6267551.
Strengths : Learning Attitude, Hard Working, Patience & Confidence, Team-Work

I solemnly declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge and have no misrepresentation of any kind.

Place: Ulwe Navi Mumbai.

Date:

(Pushpak Ramesh Attarde)
Contact this candidate