Edward H. Tolbert

adal7a@r.postjobfree.com Cell# 214-***-****
Education
Advance Technology Institute May 1991- June1993
Engineer and Applied Sciences
Skills
Responsible for designing, deploying, and securing the network of an organization. Responsible for performing several duties for overall objectives of maintaining the infrastructure of an organization. Design solutions from mission needs and assess current systems to secure the best practices and balance by complying with federal policies and procedures.
Experience
JCPenney Feb. 8, 2016 - Present
Infrastructure Network Engineer 1
Provide support of JCP IT hardware platforms and operating systems
Monitor JCP network management system used to execute applications and control managed devices (Hughes HR4700 router, Cisco Catalyst ASA5525, Cisco Catalyst 3560x24/2960, Alcatel 6850 switches, Wireless controllers Cisco SRE 700 wireless controller & Alcatel OAW-4324)
Monitor call queues and incident pools to ensure timely response
Proactively identify trends to ensure a stable environment
Collaborate with IT teams to drive restoration of service
Dispatch Vendors for hardware issues
JCPenney May 10, 2014 – Feb. 8, 2016
Business Analyst 1
Serves as a lead liaison between business customers, IT groups, and support groups to guide analysis and resolution of Incidents (INC), Work Orders (WO) and Problems Investigation (PBI).
Monitors and guides the reduction and prevention of INCs and PBIs by identifying trends to proactively prevent production issues.
Manages incident and problem life cycle inclusive of escalation, communication to stakeholders, participates in post-mortem process.
Define requirements, prioritizes efforts, review estimates and monitors progress and deliverables, and review test results for Work Requests.
Demonstrates basic knowledge of software development practice, concepts, and lifecycle.

BNSF (Contractor) September 2012 – Feb. 2014
User Registration/Network Analyst
Lifecycle Management of 60,000 users and application account IDs that access
Windows, Mainframe, and UNIX systems.

Security and Account Administration
Maintain server balance on user home drive locations

Lincoln Property Company September 2011- August- 2012
Desktop Support
New User Account Setup in Active Directory
Login Problems/Reset Password
Move/Change/Delete Users across Business Units
Account Gmail Setup

Consulting March 2010- September 2011
Helpdesk/Desktop Support
Installation and Configuration consulting for Prime Therapeutics
Analyzed the optimization of business processes to improve design and architecture
Recommended available tools and technologies
Expertise on leading-edge technologies so that the customer’s applications evolve with the business
Ensured minimum maintenance for applications
Provided documentation to enable the customer to maintain the system or to enhance it as required.
Networking and System upgrades for “Harvey & Associates”
.NET
COM Services
Internet Information Services 6
SharePoint Portal Server 2003
PC system upgrade Windows XP, Windows Vista, & Windows7

AT&T January 2007- March 2010
Sr. Project Manager
Managed projects with complete accountability working with the business partners to deliver project on time, within budget and scope.
Used process and methodology for all assigned projects.
Managed projects using standard and executive level reports and communicates the status of project with the business steering committees and Senior level management
Managed Scope and Project issues and escalation to Senior Management.
Coordinated internal and external Project team communications.
Addressed issues and escalated appropriately to the project teams, business partners and the Director of Project Management.
Established change control and enforces department standards for project management, methodologies and toolset usage.
Worked with business partners and project team members to define scope, requirements, priorities, delivery time requirements and acceptance criteria.
Interpreted and communicated risk assessments and scope control issues on major projects to management with suggested resolutions.
Fostered team dynamics, morale and motivation. Helps to create an environment where all members and points of view are respected creates an atmosphere of inclusion where ideas and suggestions are welcome.

Microsoft June 1997- December 2006
Systems Administrator
Exchange Messaging Engineer
Level 3 Support Administrator for premier customers in India and Canada.
Supported Exchange 2003 servers for both locations for corporate email.
Tested functionality of Exchange server to resolve network, hardware and software related conflicts.
Reproduced Network configuration problems in test lab environments utilizing various operation systems.
Performed troubleshooting on connectivity issues with Exchange Server versions 4.0. 5.0, 5.5, 2000/2003 on various operation systems including Window Sever 2000/2003, and NT Server 4.0

Software Spectrum May 1995 – June 1997
Microsoft Exchange Support Engineer, Garland, Texas
Supported Microsoft Exchange systems for Microsoft Corporation
Performed troubleshooting on connectivity issues with Exchange Server version 4.0, 5.0, and 5.5 on various operation systems including Win95, Novell, OS2, WFW, and NT Server, NT workstation.
Supported remote access to Domain via RAS Servers and dial up networks, including x400 and Internet access.

National Semiconductor August 1992 – May 1995
Network application Engineer, Arlington, Texas
Provided technical product to help end users and resellers resolve technical problems relating to performance, operations, and installation.
Responsible for delivering timely, accurate technical answers providing a high degree of customer service and satisfaction.
Supported customer networks, by providing on-call technical support
Contact this candidate