AB Gopinath
Mobile: +91-984*******
E-Mail: adczz2@r.postjobfree.com

In quest of professional enrichment in the field of IT Infrastructure Management

PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS

Carrying 14+ Years of core technical expertise in the field Of Desktop, Server, Network & IT Infrastructure operations and management
Hands on Experience in Windows AD, SFTP, Altiris, and patch management.
Hands on Experience in Team Management and Vendor Management.
Experience in Linux Server Build and run.
Expert in Managing vSphere, Zerto(DR), CommVault Backups.
Experience in Citrix XenApp 7.x, SolarWinds, Novell E-Directory, Antivirus
Experience in Incident, Problem, Change Management.
Experience in Cisco Router and Switch Installation & Configuration.
Experience in Citrix NetScaler Load Balancer.
Experience in TWS (Tivoli Workload Scheduler)
Planning, Designing and Delivering IT Infrastructure at new Plants & Offices.

SKILL SET

Expert : VMware 5.1, 5.5, 6.5, Zerto, Altiris, Commvault (Backup Solution), Active Directory Service, Windows Servers 2012, 2016
Intermitted : Linux (RedHat & CentOS), Citrix ACD Load Balancer, SolarWinds, Citrix, Okta, PowerShell, Ansible, Docker, Jenkins, Terraform and Kubernetes
Basic : AWS, Azure Cloud

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Infrastructure Engineer – Mar 2014 to date
International Flavours & Fragrances India Pvt Ltd

Responsibilities:
Key member of Infrastructure Engineering team responsible for End-to-End Infrastructure Service Delivery.
Managing servers – Physical and Virtual, Patch management, performance management.
Support Data centre operations, DR management, Zerto setup and run.
Identifying Technical depletion, recommending appropriate upgrade or refresh and implementing.
Support L1/L2 teams in trouble shooting and resolving Infra related issues.
Planning, designing, implementing and supporting infrastructure projects with focus on time and quality.
Co-ordinating with vendors for purchase of Hardware (Upgrade/Refresh)
Managing vSphere Environment
Setting up new environment in Development/Stage for new projects (Development/Testing/Implementation)
Creating isolated environment for Disaster Recovery exercises.
Administration on OKTA SSO.
Technical Document preparation for Level 1 & 2 support teams.
Managing External DNS for International Flavours & Fragrances Inc.
Configuring and Administering DHCP & DNS servers.
Basic Administration on Citrix Load Balancer.
Configuring and Managing SFTP Servers.
Planning, Configuring and Managing CommVault Backup.
Following ITIL Process (Incident, Change and Problem Management)

Signature Project completed:
Zerto Implementation for DR
Zerto tool installed and configured for site to site replication
Configured all VMs to the DR replication
Data Centre Migration
Successfully migrated 236 Production VMs from Union Beach to Boulder Location by using Zerto tool
Physical to Virtual Migration
Migrated 28 legacy physical box to Virtual machines as part of DC migration
vSphere environment upgrade from 5 to 5.5 and 5.5 to 6.5
Successfully upgraded 222 hosts globally and migrated 2 vCenters
Technical Depletion (DELL VRTX Hardware upgrade & OS refresh on nearly 50 Branch offices)

VMware Automation (Server Build) via ServiceNow
Created a PS script for team to deliver multiple VM builds in one run
The PS script integrated with ServiceNow tool for requester to trigger the VM build
CommVault (Backup Solution) Upgraded
CommVault environment upgraded from v10 to v11
DNS Migration

Sr. Technical Support Engineer - February 2012 to Feb 2014
Sunpro Info System, Chennai - Client: International Flavours & Fragrances India Pvt Ltd

Responsibilities:
Build and administration of Windows 2000, Windows 2003 Servers with AD and Workstations.
Creating User Account and Providing Access for Users, Assigning File and Folder Level Permissions.
Troubleshooting the LAN Network, Printers, Hardware & Software Problems.
Installing and Configuring the Client Applications Like MS Office, SAP, Lotus Notes, Same Time Etc
Manage and deploy End Users Application through Altiris.
Configuring Cisco Manageable Switches and monitoring Network Performance.
Build Instrumentation PC’s Based on the Application Requirement.
Performing Data Retrievals, Backup Scheduling and Restoration.
Responsible for Generating the Reports on Network Utilization and Suggesting on The Upgrade.
Installing and Configuring Cisco Routers and Manageable Switches.
Responsible for the Following Facility Management & Vendor Management Activities
oLog User Calls and resolve technical issues.
oMaintain Database of the Assets and Vendors Info
oLog Calls with The Vendors and follow-up to closure.
oAnalyse Vendor Performance with respect to MSA.

Sr. Client Support Engineer - Jan 2005 to Jan 2012
Simos Peripheral Pvt Ltd, Chennai - Client: International Flavours & Fragrances India Pvt Ltd

Responsibilities:
Level 2 support with respect to Systems and Network Issues.
Providing support to SAP Print Q/ Server Hardware/ MPLS / Tickets.
Following-up with Local IT Team for Performance and service degradation issues.
Follow-up with Global Technology Team for Network and infra Related Issues.
Coordinating with ISP’s for PAN India for Link Performance and site Down Issues.
Site infrastructure and Network planning
VMware Exsi 4.0 installation & configuration as per documentation
Vendor Management
Build Windows 2008 RODC
Build Altiris Site Server
Monitoring and follow-up with Local vendor for OFC and lease lines.

Projects:

New Flavour Plant and New Toller (All Warehouse in India)

Designed, Planed and delivered End-to-End Infrastructure at Jammu, Chennai and Bangalore

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION

BA (Economics) - Open University of Madras (2009).
MBA (System) Distance Education - University of Madras (2011).
M.Sc. (Computer Science Lateral Entry) Distance Education Annamalai University (2013)

PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATIONS

Microsoft Certified Systems Administrator 2003
ITIL V3
Certified VMware Professional - Data Centre Virtualization (VCP-5 DCV)
Red Hat Certified System Administrator
Zerto Certified Professional
AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate

VISA

USA Business VISA: Valid until 2024
Contact this candidate