Page * of *
CURRICULUM VITAE
Seeking a position in Infrastructure work with challenging activity and learn it to enhance the skill regularly and motivate to the other member of the team. And to develop & to utilise the extensive experience. Sr. No. Qualification Subject / Discipline Year of Passing INSTITUTE/ UNIVERSITY
CGPA/PERCENTAGE
1 10th Science 2004 MP Board 76.40
2 12th PCM 2006 MP Board 77.33
3 B.E. Mechanical Engineering 2011 RGPV Bhopal 73.94 Sr. No. INSTITUTE NAME NAME of COURSE FROM TO
1 INDO GERMAN TOOL ROOM - MSME,
INDORE
CNC Technology 19/07/2010 31/07/2010
2 NATIONAL POWER TRAINING
INSTITURE (NPTI), FARIDABAD
26 - Weeks Induction
Training Program
19/09/2011 16/03/2012
3 NATIONAL THERMAL POWER
CORPORATION (NTPC), DADRI
ON Job Training 19/03/2012 12/05/2012
Designation:
SENIOR
ENGINEER
Previous Organisation Name: KORBA WEST POWER
COMPANY LIMITED.
From
19/09/2011
To
01/08/2014
Location: RAIGARH, CHHATTISGARH
Roles & Responsibilities:
(1). The erection and commissioning of structural part and mechanical equipment like Grizzly Feeder, Crusher, Dust Extraction System particularly in crusher house, stacker reclaimer etc. in Coal Handling Plant of 600 MW thermal power plant.
(2). Commissioning of heavy earth rotating equipment like mill, BCW pump, FD fan, PA fan and air pre-heater etc of 600 MW thermal power plant. And Operation of mechanical equipment & utility area like chiller unit, ECW pump, DMCW pump, ACW pump, BFP pump etc. from main control room during commissioning phase (i.e. Turbine Rolling) in turbine side area and boiler side area. And also operation of vertical pump of CW pump house for cooling tower and condenser.
(3). Also done the operation from Water Treatment Plant (Reverse Osmosis - Demineralization, Pre-Treatment Plant etc.), Raw Water Pump House for making the soft water supply to de- aerator by boiler feed pump during the commissioning phase (i.e. Steam Blowing, synchronization, first full load operation of 600 MW) of the plant as individual system where ran separately as it was requirement of the phase.
(4). Involvement in testing like oil flushing to achieve the NAS value, hydro test, EDTA test, steam blowing of boiler tube, pipes etc. during commissioning phase of boiler pressure parts.
(5). The operation of mechanical equipment like ash water pump, bottom ash pump, overflow pump, transport air compressor etc. in Ash Handling Plant during commissioning phase of 600 MW thermal power plant.
(6). To give daily instruction of Tool Box Talks to the workers in the point of safety aspects and proper safety precautions should be performed during the site activity. Coordination and regular interaction with Contractors for Daily Progress Report and prepare the Monthly Progress Report.
(7). To issue of Permit to Work for maintenance of equipment and also provide tag on equipment for safety purpose and inform to all contractors and the team member at the site. And after ensure the completion of work at the site then close the Permit to Work and Career Objective:
Academic Qualification:
Training Undergone:-
Professional Experience: -
Page 2 of 3
inform to all contractors and the team member at the site.
(8). Maintain the log sheet details of all type of activity performed in Equipment for operation purpose during first full load operation and commissioning phase of 600 MW. Achievement:
(1) Achieved the set target of erection in every month of structural part and equipment within the time period during erection phase.
(2) Achieved the first full load operation of 600 MW by continuous supply of soft water to the Boiler Drum and continuous maintain the level in the storage tank of RO-DM Plant during Steam Blowing and synchronization commissioning phase.
(3) Also biggest achievement is that No accident was occurred during performed the activity at the site during erection phase and commissioning phase. Designation:
PROJECT
ENGINEER
Present Organisation Name: ENGINEERING PROJECTS
(INDIA) LIMITED.
From
29/04/2015
To
27/06/2020
OR Till Date
Location: NEW DELHI
Roles & Responsibilities:
(1). Project monitoring and architect of engineering service for AHP and CHP area of NTPC, Unchahar, Raibaraily Project of 500 MW like preparation of progress report, billing process as per payment term of work order (To raise invoice to the client and check/review the corresponding invoices & forward for payment of vendors etc.), keep documentation records, Bank Guarantee record of vendors, review/checking of drawings, update the Master Drawing List regularly.
(2). Pre-bid meeting and other meeting with vendors / clients for discussion on various issue regarding the site activity and related to the drawing update etc.
(3). Coordination and regular interaction with contractors/vendors for Daily Progress Report and prepare the Monthly Progress Report.
(4). During posted at Bhilai site I have done commissioning of mechanical equipment like wagon tippler with hydraulic power pack, stacker, reclaimer, belt tuning, oil flushing to achieve the NAS value, hydro test of pipe etc. in 61 package of Bhilai steel plant. And operation of wagon tippler with side arm charger in auto mode for unloading of wagon rack from wagon tippler to stock house of blast furnace. Maintenance of hydraulic motor of wagon tippler & side arm charger and also maintenance of gear box in LT motor of reclaimer & Stacker etc.
(5). To give daily instruction of Tool Box Talks to the workers in the point of safety aspects and proper safety precautions should be performed during the site activity.
(6). Involvement in tendering work related to preparation of NIT, invitation of budgetary offer from vendors, to resolve technical query of vendors, estimate of price schedule of various mechanical equipment and duct for participate in tenders like Flue Gas Desulphurization system in thermal power plant.
(7). Also involvement in THDC Khurja 2*660 MW project and involve in different activity like review engineering, inspection services and site supervision services. To raise the invoice to the client as per payment terms of work order of different activity and forward corresponding invoice of vendor of different activity after review/check the same, review of DPR report, update drawing status etc.
Achievement:
(1). To complete execution of work within the time period and To Complete the Architect of Engineering Service for CHP Area and AHP Area of NTPC 500 MW Unchahar project.
(2). Successfully unloading of iron ore materials of full loaded rack of wagon in auto mode to bunker of blast furnace.
(3). Biggest Achievement is that No accident have occurred while performed the activity at the Bhilai site during erection and commissioning phase.
(4). Involvement in the participation of tendering work related to FGD tender have got the achievement of L1 for the karadi project with 850 crore and also got the achievement of L1 for Rourkela & Ramagundam FGD Projects.
Page 3 of 3
I am doing Master of Business Administration in Marketing on distance learning mode from
“Pondicherry University” since July 2018.
GATE Qualified 2014 with 95.30 percentile.
Knowledge of MS Office, AutoCAD, internet etc. in computer skill. Full Name RAHUL ASATI
Father Name MAKHAN LAL ASATI
Date of birth 05/02/1988
Gender Male
Marital Status Unmarried
Religion Hindu
Email Id add4w7@r.postjobfree.com
Contact No. 982-***-****
Alternate Mobile No. 942-***-****
Hobbies Table Tennis
Language known Hindi, English
Permanent Address Chetgiri Colony Fouladi Kalam, In Front of Unique Computer, Chhatarpur
(M.P.), Postal Code -471001
I do hereby declare that the above information is relevant and true to the best of my knowledge and belief. Place: – New Delhi
Date: - 27/06/2020 Name: - RAHUL ASATI
Other Professional Qualification:
Personal Details:
Declaration:
Contact this candidate