Sensitive
ALBERT MACATIAG
MECHANICAL ENGINEER
Mobile Contact Number: +971-*********
Current Location: Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
E-Mail Address: addath@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn Account: https://www.linkedin.com/in/albert- macatiag-65ba7936/
Date of Birth: September 14, 1978
Marital Status: Married
Nationality: Philippines
KEY QUALIFICATION AND EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND:
Graduated Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering.
Attended and completed Project Management and Cost Engineering training.
Solid experience in infrastructure and building works such as construction of pumping stations, water main transmission network, potable water and irrigation network, non- destructive road crossing, lifting stations, stormwater and sewerage water network, building pluming works, HVAC system, gas piping and systems, fire protection system.
Knowledgeable in computer software like Bluebeam Revu, AutoCAD and microsoft office applications. With Expertise in Aconex and Dome Connect operation. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCES
Water Inspector at Parsons International Limited
September 2019-Present
Project: Development of Roads, Infrastructure and Streetscape at Khalifa City Client: Abu Dhabi Municipality
Project Location: Khalifa City, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates Construction and development of roads, substations, drainage system, potable and irrigation water network:
Job Description:
Reviewing and commenting on submitted shop drawings, material submittals, RCDR, method statements and RFI’s by the contractors.
Reporting and assisting the assistant resident engineer for water works regarding site progress, delivery of materials and provide solutions to contractor’s technical issues.
Carry out materials inspections, installation inspection, pipelines pressure testing and disinfection inspection.
Monitoring construction works, installation of pipeline, valve chambers, road crossing protection and existing pipe relocations to ensure work carried out conforms to the project and local authority requirements.
Issuing Non-conformity report and site observations to the contractor for deviating with contract specifications, non-compliance of materials utilized for construction, poor workmanship and violation of safety regulations.
Attending regular meeting with the contractors for site coordination and planning. Sensitive
Mechanical - Plumbing Inspector at Hoare Lea Consulting Engineers January 2018-July 2019
Project: Construction of Thematic Districts at Dubai EXPO 2020 Client: Dubai EXPO 2020
Project Location: Dubai EXPO 2020, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Construction supervision and engineering of MEP Works for Sustainability, Opportunity and Mobility Districts of Dubai EXPO 2020:
Job Description:
Monitoring and inspect construction of storm & sewer drainage network, irrigation & domestic water network, gas piping & detection system, chilled water network, pumping stations & lifting stations and grease treatment facility.
Reviewing and approving technical submittals such as shop drawings, material submittals, method statements & ITP’s submitted by the contractors.
Providing solutions to contractor’s technical queries and site issues.
Witnessing testing and commissioning of potable & irrigation water pumping stations, grease treatment unit, lifting stations, building gas system, drainage and sewer network, ventilation and chilled water system.
Notifying the contractors about quality concerns and issuing site observation/ non- conformance report for immediate corrective action.
Inspecting delivered materials to check quality and to ensure compliance to project requirements.
Assistant Resident Engineer for Water Works at WS Atkins and Partners Overseas July 2017 – January 2018
Project: Construction of Internal Roads and Infrastructure Works Client: Abu Dhabi General Services Company PJSC (MUSANADA) Project Location: Baniyas East 11, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates Construction supervision and engineering of internal roads, substations, drainage system and potable water network:
Job Description:
Reviewing and approving technical submittals such as shop drawings, material submittals, RCDR (Receiving cum Damage Report), method statements & ITP’s.
Reporting and providing feedbacks to ADDC engineer and project manager regarding project progress, design clarification, approval of shop drawings, materials submittal status and other technical issues.
Assisting resident engineer in preparing technical correspondence in response to client’s letter and contractor’s queries, transmittal letter, request for information (RFI’s) and change requests.
Conveying contractor’s transmittals and documents to ADDC for approval of materials, requests for existing pipeline shutdown for tie-in connection of proposed pipelines, re-routing, pipeline testing and flushing, and RCDR’s.
Assisting the quantity surveyors for review of payments to contractor.
Coordinating to contractor regarding delivery schedule of material shipments, site work planning and work actual progress to ensure the delivery of project within schedule.
Attending meetings with the contractor and client representative for site progress, safety and environmental issues, NCR’s and site observations. Sensitive
Mechanical Engineer at Constructora Norberto Odebrecht July 2014 – May 2017
Project: Construction of Strategic Tunneling Enhancement Programme Pumping Station Client: Abu Dhabi Sewerage Services Company (ADSSC) Project Location: Al Wathba, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates Construction supervision and engineering of 100meter depth and 50meter diameter raw sewage pumping station under Abu Dhabi Sewerage Services Company (ADSSC), that has capacity to deliver 30 cubic meter per second of raw sewage water to Al Wathba Independent Sewage Treatment Plants with 3.3 million cubic meter per day at peak load. The project comprises the construction of facilities such as 33 KV sub-station, installation 2 sets of gas turbine generators with 29 MW output capacity, odor control facilities, VFD building & switchgear building, fuel farm tank, office building, potable and TSE water pumping stations: Job Description:
Directly supervising the construction and installation of main sewer pumps & motor, elevators, penstocks, knife gate valves, stop logs, ball valves, motors, lifting stations, hydraulic power units, chilled water piping & plumbing, HVAC, gas turbine generators, odor control system, potable and irrigation water pumping stations.
Collaborating with the design team for workable solutions in site discrepancies and conflicts to do necessary adjustments as required.
Attending site testing, factory visit and fabrication yard inspection for pipes and supports.
Directing, coordinating and planning site installation activities with the subcontractors to ensure tasks are achieved as planned and harmonizing activity with the planning and civil team to create workable schedule of activity.
Checking activities carried out by the subcontractors and ensuring in conformity with the approved shop drawing, method statement and project specification.
Assist the Commissioning Team in Pre-commissioning & Commissioning stages.
Conducting inspection on materials delivered and installed at site to verify conformity with the project specification.
Mechanical QC Inspector at Aydiner Constructions
September 2012 – June 2014
Project: Mussafah Water Transmission Scheme
Client: TRANSCO – Abu Dhabi Water and Electricity Authority Poject Location: Mussafah, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates Construction execution of 32 kilometer of potable water pipeline from Mussaffah to Abu Dhabi City under TRANSCO with work includes micro tunneling (NDRC) on road crossings and horizontal directional drilling (HDD) along Mussafah Bridge Job Description:
Responsible for the implementation of quality control procedures, method of statement and ITP for providing the more efficient onsite construction work.
Attend, witnessing and conducting tests in accordance with contract documents and to prepare fill in & sign all reports & forms as necessary for compliance with contract quality standards. Visually inspecting and verifying delivered materials have met the project requirements
Monitoring and recording data for micro tunneling works (NDRC) for road crossing piping. Inspecting trench preparation, installation of pipes, valves and fittings and recording data during pressure testing on pipelines. Sensitive
Prepares and compile quality, inspections and non-conforming reports throughout projects, and follow up on necessary corrective actions. Mechanical Engineer at Taisei Corporation
May 2010 – August 2012
Project: YAS Island Operation and Maintenance of Wet Utilities Client: ALDAR Properties
Project Location: Yas Island, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates Operation and maintenance of drainage and water system of Yas Island that caters Yas Marina Circuit, Ferrari World, Hotels and Yas Marina Yacht Club Job Description:
Supervising for pipeline operations, installations and rectification of the pipeline leakages.
In-charge in monitoring irrigation and potable water supply in all plot users.
Coordinating to the pump station operators in maintaining potable water pipeline network pressure to satisfy demands of the plot users.
Assist and technical recommendation to develop immediate solution to site problems encountered to avoid the delay of progress and schedules.
Providing technical report regarding potable, sewer, storm water and irrigation water network actual site condition.
Site Mechanical Engineer at Al Hasoun Sampyung Mechanical Est. May 2007 – April 2010
Project: Package 2C Infrastructure Works
Client: ALDAR Properties
Project Location: Yas Island, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates Construction supervision of the internal roads, sewerage and drainage system, potable water and irrigation water network, sewage treatment plant (STP), firefighting system and street lighting for labor accommodations.
Job Description:
Responsible for construction of water tanks, internal roads, pathways, street lighting, drainage water network, sewerage, irrigation and potable water network. Supervising mechanical works such as installation of pump, pipes, valves and other plumbing works.
Liaising to consultants and site managers for the site progress, material inspection and work schedules. Submitting inspection request to the consultant for the approval of every completed installations.
Inspecting and evaluating materials used in the site as per project specification and standards. Reviews analyzing shop drawings and method of statements for accurate and efficient execution of installation of equipment and site works
Interface with site personnel on activities, worker performance, safety and day-by- day inspection for improvement of project progress Sensitive
Maintenance Engineer at Applied Research Technologies Philippines Inc. February 2003 – December 2005
Project: Operation and Maintenance of 12 MW Diesel Power Plant Project Location: Laguna Philippines
Job Description:
Implementing operation safety procedures, auditing usage of spare parts, ensure minimal waste of time for critical repair works.
Diagnosis plant and utility operation discrepancies and provide remedies.
Reviewing and interpreting data gathered from equipment to guarantee the efficiency of plant operation.
Submits daily activity report and operation development to the Manager for the generator set operation status and auxiliary systems.
Ensures continuous operation of the generator set and maintain good running condition to provide enough power supply delivered to plant machineries
Periodical inspection of engine auxiliary systems such as Cooling Tower, Heat Exchanger, Oil Cooler, Fuel and Oil Pumps, Air Compressor etc.
Supervising the dismantling and installation of Generator set during maintenance and shut down schedule.
Contact this candidate