RIZWAN IFTIKHAR
Civil ENGINEER
Infrastructure Engineer, QA/QC Engineer, Building work Engineer
Objective and Career Summary
Looking forward for a challenging position to cover vide range of responsibilities, where in my knowledge, skills are enhanced & appreciated and experience can be utilized in the perspective developments of the organization.
Professional Experience!
Company Responsibilities
Working last more than 16 year in different types of civil engineering fields as civil Engineer, infrastructure Engineer, QA/QC Engineer, Buildings Engineer, and Hydro power Projects Engineer. Core Responsibilities:
Review the shop drawings, As Built drawing for infrastructures and Building projects.
Review and preparing Material submittal and Method Statement Preparing and reviewing before starting new project.
Managing QA/QC activities to maintain and improve Quality of work without any appreciable increase in cost and time for infrastructures and building work.
Site work inspection check the Quality of construction work according project specification as per approve Drawings.
Perform site work according ITP plan, activity check list and as per approved shop drawings.
Maintain the Quality KPI report, inspection log, RCDR log, Material Submittal log, Material inspection site and factory visit for material inspection before approval.
Method statement and shop drawing log, daily, weekly and monthly Progress reports of project.
Internal and external Quality Audit by contractor and consultant.
Impletion of ACI, ASTM and BS ISO 9000 standard in concrete operation and steel works on site.
Witness of concrete Mix design and trail Mix in concrete Plant and also monitor all type of concrete test.
Preparation of all Quality control reports lab and field test related to construction material.
Prepare completely snag list the project final handing over list and commissioning (PAC) and (FAC) form for handing over.
Monitor post tensioning, and concrete grouting activities for building and Hydro power project.
Inspection of (NDRC) micro Tunnelling and pipe Jacking Method for pipe lines project.
Inspection work for Sewerage Pump station and irrigation reservoir tank.
All type of MEP work inspections Electrical substation work, water supply network, sewerage network storm water Network and road construction.
adf1ok@r.postjobfree.com
Skype: rizwan2242
Mobile: +971–501365847 (UAE)
Driving Licence: UAE (Valid)
What,s up : 009***********
Electrical substation buildings, cables laying LV and HV, Electric ducting, Electric light poles Foundations.
Concrete Piles work (CF piles) inspection, pile head cutting and repairing of pile heads all type of piles test load test, dynamic test, integrity test. Hammer test.
Experience detail:
21-06-2019 to Present
1). AECOM (consultant): Al-AIN (UAE)
Position: Civil Engineer for waste water (Sewerage Pump Stations, Sewerage Network, NDM)
Site Inspection for waste water Network and Sewerage Pump Station building work.
Responsible for review of method statements (MS), material approval submittals and shop Drawings as per project specification, scope of work and contractual requirement.
Initiate NCR / CAR/ QOR / SOR against non-conformance / observation of system, design, drawing and specifications. Review corrective actions recommended in non-conformance reports, initiate and verify corrective actions to prevent reoccurrence of non- conformity.
Ensure that all inspections and tests are recorded on the appropriate form or checklist, as indicated on the relevant ITP, and all documentation is filed in a safe and secure manner.
Co-ordinate with the Site / Independent Testing Laboratory to follow up of onsite Lab Testing frequency as per requirements of project related specifications, ASTM, BS, BS EN and ISO Standards. 20-09-2017 to 02-01-2019.
2) Company (Client) Falcon city of Wonder Dubai
Position: infrastructure Engineer.
My job Responsibility as infrastructure Engineer .My jobs details below.
Review the material submittal according to project specification, approved vendor and according client requirement.
Site Inspection for All infrastructure Utilities (Sewerage Network, Storm water, Irrigation Network, Telecommunication Network, LV, HV cable laying, Electrical Substation Building.
Review method statement of work according site condition, nature of work for specific work activity ( sewerage work, storm water Network, Potable water, irrigation systems, Road work, Gas network and Telecom Network). Every activity method statement preparing as per work break down with ITP, Check list and Risk Assessment.
Check the contractor and consultant Prequalification documentation and finalizing for approval. Monitoring the contractor and consultant work quality and weekly bases conduct meeting regarding issues during working and to solve the issues for material and quality.
Review The Design of Utility all infrastructure work according to specification.
Regarding material inspection, factory visit, (MIR) submitted for inspection, follow Material testing internal (site lab) and external testing (Third party testing) according by frequency of testing, and conduct new material mock Up training on site for labor’s how the implement new material on site.
Review material log sheet WIR logs, MIR logs and work progress meeting with consultant.
Project Scope :
Sewerage Network.
Storm water Network
Potable water Network
irrigation Network
Road work.
Gas Network.
Landscape work.
Telecom Work
Experience detail:
20-09-2016 to 22-09-17.
Company National project Contractor ( NPC Trojan Group)Abu-Dhabi (UAE) Position: infrastructure QA/QC Engineer
Consultant KEO International Consultant
Client ALDAR Property
Project location Nareel Island AbuDhabi city.
My job Responsibility as infrastructure QA/QC Engineer .My jobs details below.
Preparing the material submittal according to project specification, approved vendor and according client requirement.
Preparing method statement of work according site condition, nature of work for specific work activity ( sewerage work, storm water Network, Potable water, irrigation systems, Road work, Gas network and Telecom Network). Every activity method statement preparing as per work break down with ITP, Check list and Risk Assessment.
Check the subcontractor Prequalification documentation and finalizing submitted to consultant for approval. Monitoring the subcontractor work quality and weekly bases conduct meeting regarding issues during working and to solve the issues for material and quality.
Regarding material inspection, factory visit, (MIR) submitted for inspection, follow Material testing internal (site lab) and external testing (Third party testing) according by frequency of testing, and conduct new material mock Up training on site for labor’s how the implement new material on site.
Preparing the WIR (work Inspection Request) and joint inspection of work with consultant Engineer at site.
Preparing Monthly KPI report and weekly Quality weekly meeting for site issues and preparing minutes of meeting and circulate to concerned Authority and site staff.
Closed SOR and NCR (Non-conformance reports) regarding site issues work deficiency solve issue submitted corrective and Preventive action closing reports.
Project Scope :
Sewerage Network.
Storm water Network
Potable water Network
irrigation Network
Road work.
Gas Network.
Telecom Work
Experience detail:
06-06-2014 to 30-10-2016
Project .1
(Infrastructure work for Villas project)
Al Suweidi Engineering Consultant Abu-Dhabi (UAE)
Position: infrastructure Engineer
Client: Musanada
Project Location Al Remha Al-Ain (UAE)
Project Scope:
Sewerage Network.
Storm water Network
Potable water Network
irrigation Network
Road work.
Telecom Work
Sewerage Work:
Inspection, visiting and coordination at site condition prior to start of construction activities and verify the compatibility of the site as per designed permanent work. Review the work as per specification, service corridor, drawings, material submittals, method statement, QC procedure and inspection test plans maintain daily reports and log daily activities. Sewerage Network inspection and supervision of excavation, pipe laying, testing, and backfilling. UPVC pipes (160mm to 400mm) Upvc pipe lines laying, Jointing, back filling and testing (Hydro Static test,, Alignment test, Deflection test).Also placing of Manholes liner (GRP) House connection cambers, inspection Chamber. Concrete work, water proofing (Tanking), and Epoxy coating D.I cover frame and his testing. Construction and installation pressure cambers and sewerage pumping station etc. NDM work, Micro tunnelling and pipe jacking Method.
Road work :
Review all related drawing specification, road plan, setting out, road profiles service corridor. Road earth work inspection (Road formation, subgrade, sub- base, base course, Mc (prime) coat, Asphalt waring course and road signage and Road marking. Inspection of road side work footpath construction (kerb stone fixing, interlocking tiles, drive way and villas Entrance. Potable water work:
Inspection of water network, HDPE pipe line laying (250 to 160mm) HDPE main line and (32mm) HDPE house connection pipe lines. Connection and fitting (D.I) Ductile iron pipe with HDPE pipe line. water pipe line HDPE pipe jointing (Butt- fusion and electro –fusion joints) House connection, chamber casting,road crossing Concrete duct, House connection duct and drive way slabs,back filling, warning tape placement, line anchor, thrust block and HDPE and D.I water network fitting ( Gate valve, fire Hydrant and air release valves) installation. House connection chamber and valve chamber concrete casting work, HDPE pipe line pressure testing and NDRC work inspection Drainage work :
Supervision in storm water network (280mm to 450mm) upvc & GRP pipe laying, back filling, chamber casting, pipe line connections with chamber,fixing of gully trap, saddle jointing and D.I cover frame fixing on manhole chamber and on Gully pot, pipe line testing ( Deflection test and joint leakage (Air test) at site.
Electrical work:
During my working period as infrastructure Engineer, I am inspected all electric work activities related to civil work like a pre-cast walls, Earth pits, LV and HV cables Ducts, cables protection slabs, warning tapes, 33/11 KV substations building work, finishing work of substation buildings and cabling work from Main grid stations to primary Substation, feeder pillar installation .Electric pole foundation, marking posts.
Office work.
During my working I am reviewing shop drawings, material submittals, method statements, site safety risk assessments plans, weekly and monthly progress reports preparations, site work inspection, check the work quality according to work specification. Factory visits for check material Quality as per specification and testing of material lap and site test.
Coordination meeting and preparing documents for concerned Authority’s
(ADSSC Department, AADC Department, and Municipality Department) Approval for materials. Service corridor approval (Surveying IP points) and Design drawing issues for (Sewerage network, Storm water, water supply network utilities and other issues related to site work. Handing over inspection preparation of snag list, as built drawings, PAC and FAC form jointly preparation and handing over to concerned Authority. Experience detail:
Project .2 (School Building Work)
Al Suweidi Engineering Consultant Abu-Dhabi (UAE)
Position: QA/QC Engineer (Building Project)
Client ADEC( Abu Dhabi Education Council)
Employer: Musanada
Projects: I) Abu Dhabi Future School Mohmmed Bin zhaid City school
(II) Al-Falah city school Abu Dhabi (UAE)
My Responsibilities in Al Suweidi Engineering as a QA/QC Engineer in Abu Dhabi Future School projects Mohmmed Bin zhyaid City School & Al Falah city school Abu Dhabi (UAE).
Reviewing & Approving of all kinds of Quality related documents like: - Project Quality Plan (PQP), Quality Control Procedures (QCP’s), Inspection Test Plan (ITP’s) and Method Statements (MS).
Monitoring of the Implementation of the Project Quality Plan
(PQP), Quality Control Procedures (QCP’s) and Inspection Test Plan (ITP’s) during construction activity.
Review the corrective actions recommended in non- conformance reports and verifying in the site for the corrective action completed as per the recommendation and Initiate action to prevent the re-occurrence of any non-conformance.
Performing the Quality Site Walk jointly with the contractor QA/QC Engineer.
Initiate record or provide solutions for quality problems.
Monitoring of the Independent Testing Laboratory activities.
Conducting the QA/QC Meetings with the contractor on biweekly basis to discuss and resolve all the site quality related issues.
Mott MacDonald
(consultant) Abu-Dhabi
(UAE)
Raise Non Conformance Reports (NCR s) and Site Observation Report (SOR), when activities deviate from the Contract Specifications or normal Construction industry practices.
Checking the contractor submitted MIR’s (Material Inspection Requests) at the delivery of each material on the site along with the contractor representative.
Evaluate the contractor performance (KPI) on monthly basis.
Monitoring all the Snagging and De Snagging activities at the site
09/11/ 2008 to 1/06/2014.
Mott MacDonald (consultant): Abu-Dhabi (UAE)
Position: Civil Engineer(Sewerage Pump Stations, Sewerage Network, NDM) Completed Projects in Al-Ain UAE.
(i) Al-Ain industrial city,(AAIC) )
(ii) Al- Ain Industrial sewerage Pump station
(iv) Al .Hilli housing complex.
(v) Al- Ain, Al Ain wild life park & Resort
(vi) Al Ain football Stadium work).
(Vii) Neima Phase 1 and Phase 2 Housing complex Al Ain.
Site Inspection for infrastructure utilities and Sewerage Pump Station building work.
Responsible for review of method statements (MS), material approval submittals as per project specification, scope of work and contractual requirement.
Initiate NCR / CAR/ QOR / SOR against non-conformance / observation of system, design, drawing and specifications. Review corrective actions recommended in non-conformance reports, initiate and verify corrective actions to prevent reoccurrence of non- conformity.
Ensure that all inspections and tests are recorded on the appropriate form or checklist, as indicated on the relevant ITP, and all documentation is filed in a safe and secure manner.
Co-ordinate with the Site / Independent Testing Laboratory to follow up of onsite Lab Testing frequency as per requirements of project related specifications, ASTM, BS, BS EN and ISO Standards.
Inspection/ Supervision of construction activities at site like, Concrete Mix design Preparation and relevant testing of concrete ingredients supervision of all testing’s as specified in Project Specification, Supervision of Infrastructure works, Buildings.
Maintaining up to date Projects Records using PIMIS, Proline Project Documents Control & Construction Management Software. 22/04/ 2008 to 2/09/2008
2).OSMANI consultant: Rawalpindi (Pakistan)
Position: ARE infrastructure Engineer
Project: RDA Department Pakistan
Client: WASA (water and sanitation Agency)
OSMANI consultant
MOHAMMAD AYUB BROTHERS
Islamabad (PAKISTAN)
Job Description:
Monitoring of construction activities as per standards and specifications.
Organize daily pre pour, post pour inspection and inspection of concrete, soil, asphalt as per ITP (Inspection Test Plan) & QA/QC Procedures
Monitoring the use of proper calibration instruments at proper location for delivering inspection activities.
Monitor the EPC Contractor and Sub-contractors during the Construction phase.
Develop and administer the Site Specific Quality Plan incorporating Company quality Requirements and all applicable Client rules and regulations.
Arrangement of Third Party for all fields as required.
Check and record test parameters and verify compliance with approved procedures and specifications.
Maintain a current knowledge and act as liaison with Standards such as SAES, ASTM, ACI, BS, IBC etc. with respect to quality issues.
Ensure that project quality related documentation is maintained and reporting requirements are satisfied in a timely manner.
Preparing Non Conformances on discrepancies as per project specification and standard.
03/06/ 2006 to 18/06/2006
3). AMMAR INTER LOCK TUFF TILES COMPNY. Islamabad Pakistan Position: Site Engineer
Client: CDA (Capital Development Authority (Islamabad Pakistan). During my job period I am working as civil site Engineer. My job Description in my organization placing the Tuff Tiles (Interlock) tills Government and private sector. Placing tills in footpath, public gardens, school, and Collages University, hospitals and petrol pumps area. My responsibility placing the tills different colors and design decided by as per requirement of location. Further check durability and manufacturing process in factory.
02/06/ 2007 to 20/04/2008
1). MOHAMMAD AYUB BROTHERS: Islamabad (PAKISTAN)
(Contractors)
Position: Civil site Engineer.
Projects: Building structures
Client: Maltese society Islamabad
Job Description:
During the job period I am worked as site engineer. My duties re-view the tendering documentation (BOQ) estimation the construction material use on site and prepare material demand and submitted to project manager. Any changing in design and drawings during project construction makes variation statement according as per actual site situation.
Calculate the monthly progress of site work and report submitted to project engineer.
Estimated and verification of sub-contractor bill and work progress, arrange the skill and un-skill labours and deputies on right place on project.
Pakistan Housing
Authority. I-12 Islamabad
Pakistan.
Highway Department
Pakistan.
09/12/ 2004 to 01/03/2006
2). HAJVARY ASSOCIATES Sector I-12(Islamabad) Pakistan Position: Site Engineer
Project: Government Residential Flats
Client: PHA (Pakistan Housing Authority)
Job Description:
During the job period I am working as Site engineer. My duties re-view the tendering documentation (BOQ) estimated the construction material use on site and makes demands for material and submitted to project manager. Any changing in design and drawings during project construction make variation order bill according as per actual site situation. Calculate the monthly progress of site work and report submitted to project engineer. Estimated and verification of sub-contractor bill and work progress, arrange the skill and un-skill labours and deputies on right place on project. 19/06/ 2006 to 14/05/2007
3).RIST INTERATINAL LIMITED: D.H.A Islamabad (Pakistan) Position: (ARE) Building work
Project: High Rise Building Structure.
Client:
D.H.A Housing
Job Description:
During job tenor my company responsibility project Management and consultancy. As an ARE my duties controlling the Quality of work and cast of contract, supervision of contractor executed work Followed up the work progress on site, maintained proper documentation works. Followed up with lab, for all types of constriction Material logs, test reports, prepared & issued monthly progress report. Any problem in constriction design on site during construction working arrange meeting with Architect and Designer of structures and solve the issues. Whole the monthly project progress presentation to client end of the month. 16/05/ 2002 to 04/12/2004
1). Government of Punjab highway Department Pakistan. Position: Associate Engineer
Client: Government of Pakistan
Job Description:
During the job in Punjab highway Department I am working as Associate civil Engineer, my work responsibility in my Department estimation of new road project, Preparing location map, lead chart and supervision of construction activity. In my jobs tenor I am completed number of urban and ruler’s area Roads, Bridges, causeway, Slab culverts, city and town streets construction, drainage channels for rain flood and wastewater. Preparing contractor Bills, monitoring maintenance work for Roads. Road lines and Parking lines Demarcation Sign Boards Road eye Cats fixings.
Grovment Authoritys Approvals and Memberships
1. Approved Engineer ADSSC. (Abu-Dhabi sewerage Service Company) Approved from Musanada QA/QC Engineer.
Approved from Musanada infrastructure Engineer.
Approved from ALDAR QA/QC Engineer Infrastructure work Rizwan iftikhar,C.Eng, M.ASCE, Member ID. 10658495 Professional Education
Degree Salient Features University
MBA
Construction
Management
(2 Year)
Master In construction Management. (University of
Azteca(UCN) Mexico USA) UAE Campus.
B-TECH
(HONS) Civil
Engineering.
(4 Year)
Majors subjects during study Design of concrete
structures, soil mechanics, water supply and sanitary engineering foundation engineering,hydrology steel structures, engineering management project
management, tunnel engineering, road engineering.
Preston University,
Islamabad Campus, Pakistan
D.A.E Civil
Technology.
(3 Year)
During study major subject, quantities surveying, R.C.C design, public health engineering. Project management, land surveying. Road and bridge engineering,
Hydraulic engineering constructions work, Civil drafting. Punjab Board Technical
Education Lahore.
Extra Professional Qualification.
DAS Lead Auditor
Certification
NBIZ infosal
Abu Dhabi
Dr, AQ Khan
Material Test Lab.
1. Lead Auditor (QMS ISO 9001:2008 series Standards) certificate course.
(5Days).
2. Lead Auditor (QMS ISO 9001:2015) Certified by IRCA UK, Course Reference 18037 .Training NBIZ infosol Abu dhabi and Certified by Avanta Global. 3 Engineering management: course TQM (Organizational excellence through quality management).
4 Auto-cad 2000 training course for civil work design. 5. Construction material testing course All Lab and field test. Health And Site Safety Courses.
1. (OSHA) Health and site safety construction Area, (30 HR training course.)
2. Confined Space Entry, Gas protection (H2 S, So2) and Monitor Multi Gas Detectors Instruments.
3. Construction Site Entry site Safety Inductions course. Computer Skills & Additional Qualification
Windows 2003-2008 Server/XP/Windows 7/Windows 8, internet browsing etc.
MS Office Applications (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook)
Auto-cad 2000 training course for civil work design. Extra-Curricular Activities & Hobbies
Games playing. Specially Cricket and Badminton.
Social Works, Using Internet, and Web browsing & chatting. Visiting Countries
UAE, KSA, OMAN, Pakistan, Germany, France, Netherlands, Spain, Switzerland, UK VI
Personal Profile
Date of Birth : 18-July-1979.
UAE ID No : 784-1-979-***-****-3
Passport # : AM1570332
Nationality : Pakistani
Marital Status : Married
Religion : Islam
Language : English, Urdu, Arabic
Contact this candidate