Muhammad Shuhaib. A
Email: adfahb@r.postjobfree.com
Mob: +971-*********
UAE
Having more than 7 years of IT experience in IT infrastructure & application support, SQL server database and queries with ERP system implementation. Strong team oriented and leadership qualities, hardworking and enthusiastic. Business Productivity Tools-ERP System and Database system. End user Support IT Technical Support and Troubleshooting-System, Software, Hardware and networking SAP Basis, Retail ERP Application, and Point of Sales software Support MS SQL and Database operation with queries
Security Firewall, Active Directory and DNS.Office 365 and Microsoft exchange support Excellent written and communication skills
SAP HANA Cloud
Coding and Programming
1. AL AMRY GROUP - MALAIH INVESTMENT&PROJECT DEVELOPMENT LLC UAE
Position Held: IT Infrastructure and System Engineer Duration : May 2019 – Jun 2020
Duties & Responsibilities
Gather user requirements, design, configure test and implement new services and workflows in the ERP system.
Coordinate with users and technical teams for new software release, fixes and upgrades and user management.
Ensuring data is stored securely and backed up regularly. Troubleshooting System, Software, and hardware networking issues when they arise. See the development of specific implementation methods. Provide user training to the clients.
Replacing and upgrading defective or outdated components when necessary. Monitoring System performance to ensure everything runs smoothly and securely. Provide technical support when requested.
Documenting any process which employees need to follow in order to successfully work within our computing system.
Perform and document business requirements and process analysis as needed. Professional Summary
Technical Skills and Competency
WORK EXPERIENCE
2. MAKKAH GROUP
UAE
Position Held: ERP Implementation and Support Engineer Duration: June 2016 – Jan 2019
Duties & Responsibilities
ERP application Support for day to day business operations-User management. Maintaining backup management-MS SQL Server
Installed and configured ERP software’s, POS software’s and SQL Server database in application server on windows server.
Writing SQL queries on MS SQL Server.
Configure and manage ERP printing subsystem for all instances. Configuration of application and re-establish the ODBC connection with SQL Server and MS Access. Create new report and modify existing reports using crystal reports. Troubleshoot software and database connectivity issues. Create user accounts and allocating rights as per requirements. Importing newly updated tables in to databases.
Managing the computers through remotely.
Research and identify solution to the software and hardware issues. Troubleshoot and diagnose system/software/hardware/Network failovers and provided solutions. Configure and trouble shoot local/network printers, barcode printers, scanners and POS. Generating various Reports for Finance and Accounts department which they needed. Generating new items in the database upon approval by concerned authorities. Manage the company web hosting Email Accounts.
ERP Kernel upgrade and upgrading the SQL server database. Provide user training to the clients.
Ensure all company IT assets are accurately managed for Inventory and Licensing. 3. PAT ENGINEERING ENTERPRISES CO.WLL
DOHA, QATAR
Position Held: IT Engineer
Duration: Feb 2013 – Sep 2015
Duties & Responsibilities
Installation and configuration of Windows 2008 and windows 2003 server. Configuring and maintaining domain controllers.[ADDS,GPO,DNS,DHCP] Provided a business application technical support. Microsoft Email Outlook Configurations and Support. Deploying and maintaining network security Cyberoam Firewall. Managing and monitoring Backup for Servers.
Travelling to client sites to help with installs deployment and troubleshooting. Troubleshooting and diagnosing hardware and software related problems. Managing and maintaining the local and wide area network (LAN/WAN) infrastructure. Office 365 and Microsoft Exchange Support.
Install and configure Windows 10, 07 and Linux based ubuntu Operating systems and printers. 4. Cegonsoft Pvt Ltd
BANGALORE, INDIA
Position Held: Software Programmer -.Net with MS SQL Server Duration: Aug 2011 - Jan 2013
Duties & Responsibilities
Write SQL query to fetch data from database as per requirement. Write the coding for the real estate system project and Travel agency project as understanding their requirements by using c#, Ado.net and SQL Server 2008. Writing SQL queries used for front end application. Installation and configuration of visual studio .Net. Installation and configuration of SQL Server both upgrades and stand alone installation. Provide technical support for issues related to SQL queries. Create and manage database and tables.
Create regular backup script of database.
Performs the database recovery from the backups in case of database crash Nationality : Indian
Date of Birth : 08-02-1986
Marital status : Married
Driving License : UAE License –License Number: 301797 Language known : English, Hindi, Tamil, Malayalam
Visa Status : Visit Visa
Certification of .NET Programming languages (C# and vb.net) with MS SQL Server. Microsoft Certified IT solution Expert -E781-8173, E776-8405, E776-8405, E775-8674 Master of Computer Application (MCA)
Anna University, Chennai. India
Bsc Physics
Calicut University,Kerala,India
I hereby declare that the above mentioned particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. To acquire the position in esteemed company through which I can utilize my skills at its best for the company progress.
PERSONAL DETAILS
CERTIFICATIONS
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
DECLARATION
Contact this candidate