Email ID – adp5vn@r.postjobfree.com Phone No – 919*********

SUMMARY:

To strive hard in achieving excellence and thereby carving a niche in the development of the organization

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Hardware
PC with Pentium processors
Operating System
Windows 98, Windows NT, Windows2000, Windows XP and Windows 2000/2003 Server.
Programming Languages
C, C++
Other Utilities
Macromedia Flash

EDUCATION:

Title of the Degree with Branch
College/University
Year
Percentage
B.E(Electronics and Electrical Engineering)
Sri Sastha Engineering College,
2009

HSC Matriculation
Jawahar Higher Secondary School
2005
77%
SSLC Matriculation
Jawahar Higher Secondary School
2002
72%

SOFTWARE COURSES & CERTIFICATIONS

1.MDSA in Mutimedia in CSC – Chennai.
2.MSEN in Hardware and Networking in Apollo – Neyveli.
3.TMC ON CNC OPERATION AND PROGRAMMING - Jan-2014 to Mar-2014
4.Infrastructure Engineer in BSNL – Oct-2017 to Jan-2018
5.Assistant Electrician - IL&FS Skills Development corporation Limited –June-2018 to Nov-2018

Project #1:

Project Title
Small scale business
Duration
Dec 2018 – Current date
Hardware Tools Used
Matt making tool

Roles & Responsibilities:

Identify and research potential clients.
Develop and maintain client relationships.
Coordinate with sales teams to develop mutually beneficial proposals.
Self-driven and self-motivated to run the business
Took ownership in ordering raw materials for preparing matt.
In parallel to preparing matt, Made paper bags on my own

Project #2:
Project Title
PROSTHETIC AID FOR VOCALLY CHALLENGED
Duration
Feb 2009 – March 2009
Tools Used
Flex Sensor, Adjustable Buffer, Variable Defection, Resistance to Voltage Convertor, LM324 QUADOP-AMP, PIC Micro Controller, Voltage Regulators
Skill Sets/Competencies
MICROPROCESSOR Assembly Language Programming

Project Description:
The proposed project deals with the hardware description and coding of a prosthetic aid for the deaf and mute people. It involves translating the sign language gestures of deaf people which are profound for common man into a comprehendible voice output. Hence the main objective of this project is to break the barrier of communication between the vocally challenged people and the others. This is made possible by the design of data glove which involves flex sensors that identifies the various sign language gestures performed. The resistance of flex sensors varies as actions are done. The varying resistance is calibrated in terms of voltage and these voltages are made use of in identifying the corresponding word which is then given outputted as voice that can be understood by everyone.
This system is made a standalone one to facilitate its portability. Since the actions performed vary from person to person, this system can also be customized to ensure more accurate results

Roles & Responsibilities:
●Prepared Abstract and the report for the project.
●Assembled and showed a Demo for the KIT Prepared.

Project #3:
Dismantling of 3000 AH VRLA battery (2 sets) & Installation of 1000 AH VRLA Battery (2 sets) - BSNL, Chennai
Contact this candidate