Eng. Wesam Alsaid Cv
Phone: 971-**-*******
Email: adq1ur@r.postjobfree.com
PERSONAL INFORMATION
NAME Wesam Bahjat Salim Alsaid
NATIONALITY Jordan
GENDER Male
PROFESSION Mechanical Engineer
DATE OF BIRTH 01- Oct -1979
MARITAL STATUS Married
NUMBER OF DEPENDENTS 3
CONTACT INFORMATION
MAILING ADDRESS
Present
Abu Dhabi
UAE
TELEPHONE Present :00971-0556278596
EMAIL adq1ur@r.postjobfree.com
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS
DEGREE/
DIPLOMA
FIELD OF
SPECIALISATION
Graduation
Year
UNIVERSITY / BOARD/
INSTITUTION
LOCATION
B. Sc. in
Mechanical
Engineering
HVAC & Renewable Energy 2003 Birzeit University Palestine DRIVING LICENCES
UAE Driving Licenses
TOTAL EXPERIENCE
TOTAL NUMBER OF YEARS 18 years
SUMMARY OF PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
3 Years Project Engineer Infrastructure (Sewerage, Storm, Potable Water& Irrigation Main Line)
4 Years Mechanical resident Engineer (Towers, Villa’s & Infrastructure).
3 Years Project Engineer (Building Projects, fit Outs & Maintenance of Infrastructure utilities.
3 years Project Engineer (ADNEC Infrastructure Project).
5 Years Maintenance Engineer (Building Projects). EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
Sr.
No.
Duration
Ghantoot Transport &
Gen. Cont., Abu Dhabi.
From To UAE Project Engineer
July- 2019 Up to date
1. -Construction, Completion and
Remedy of Defects of Zayed City
Water Main Supply.
Contract No:
PD/CA/BPS/SY/R372/P126-
2013-18/023
Client: Musanada
Follow up all the installation and inspections belong to Sewerage, Storm, Potable water and Irrigation networks (GRP, UPVC, HDPE Pipe, DI Pipe up to 1.6 m Dia, Construction of Chambers & NDRC work)
Following progress work of underground utilities networks with related chambers & Manholes.
Estimate necessary resources to achieve scope of work
Liaise with the construction supervision engineers and supervisors
Ensure that all works are in compliance with contract and Specification Page 2 of 5
-Infrastructure Facilities for
Residential Plots in Al Yeef
Mahder – Liwa City.(July 2019 –
August 2020)
Contract No:
PD/CA/BPS/MA/R101/P430-
2018-57820/19/133
Client: Musanada
Coordinate with PM for procurement of tools and materials.
Follow shop drawing, Material submittal, RFI & Coordination drawings.
Coordinate with other infrastructure disciplines, such as Electrical utilities.
Participate in testing & commissioning activities.
Monitor site activities to ensure the quality work is in compliance with contract requirements and good construction practice.
Monitoring and implementing the inspection and test plan for different stages of works
Sr.
No.
Duration Alsuweidi Engineering
Consultants Bureau,
Abu Dhabi.
UAE
Mechanical Resident
Engineer
From To
May - 2015 March -2019
1.
-Al Qudra Tower
Client: Al Qudra
-Design, Construct, Complete &
Maintenance of Al Remah
Residential Complex 40 Villas.
Client: H.H. Sheikh Saif Mohd
Khalifa Al Nahyan
-Al Jazeera Tower (May 2016 –
June 2016)
Client: Abu Dhabi Commercial
Engineering Services
-ENI Shams Abu Dhabi Tower –
Al Reem Island (March 2016 –
April 2016)
Client: Emirates National
Investment.
-Bin Omer Hospital Project
(December 2015 – February
2016).
Client: BIN OMEIR Medical
Group.
- Design, Construct, Complete &
Maintenance of Al Remah
Residential Complex 46 Villas,
Al Ain. (May 2015 – November
2015)
Contract No:
PD/CA/BPS/OK/R355/P111—
2011-52400/13/212
Client: Musanada
Review mechanical shop drawing, Material submittal, RFI, Coordination drawings, As built drawing & O&M Manual.
Follow up all the installation and inspection of mechanical work in buildings such as pneumatic tube system, medical gas system, AHU for operation theatre, water supply, drainage, air conditioning equipment and firefighting
Coordinate with the other disciplines, such as infrastructure, architectural, structural, and electrical.
Attend weekly site meetings, issue meeting, planning, technical, progress, cost and QA/QC
Following progress of underground utilities networks with related chambers and manholes belong to potable water, fie fighting, and irrigation.
Coordinate with other disciplines, such as architectural, structural and electrical to ensure quality of design and output.
Participate in Value Engineering work and meetings carried out for the project.
Participate in testing & commissioning activities such as air balancing, domestic water supply, hot water supply, fire suppression system, drainage, Lifts and medical gas system(O2, N2O, Vacuum)
Following snagging and project handing over document.
Review and approve As Built drawing, O&M Manuals. Page 3 of 5
Sr.
No.
Duration
From To Kharafi National UAE Project Engineer
March- 2012 April 2015
1.
Seconded to Abu Dhabi Future
Energy Company (Masdar).
1-Infrastructure Maintenance
Project Including 3000 Ton
District Cooling Plant
2-Fit out Projects
3-MEP work for
Siemens Building, Masdar
Institute & Incubator Building
Review MEP Shop Drawings, material submittal, method statement and Coordination with consultant in the design drawing
Following contractor progress at site and participate in testing and commissioning process.
Participate in the tender stage by ensuring that all documents are completed, answering the RFI and be part of team in evaluating the bidders technically with analysis of quotations.
Ensure proper coordination of project activities with all parties involved in the fit out project for effective progress, monitoring and successful completion of the project.
Review and ensure all documents provided at final stage O&M Manuals, testing and commissioning, authority approvals documents.
Working with property management to adhere site rules and regulations
Following fit out programmers and ensure they are maintained and adhered.
Ensure the MEP systems of office building working in good condition.
Solving and troubleshooting of problems belong to MEP systems.
Verify work performed by vendors in timely and of acceptable quality.
Interact with contractors for services/repairs as needed by client.
Dealing with Correspondences from Consultant & Clients.
Reviewing Claims, Variations, New Rates and reporting to client recommendations.
Jan. 2010 March- 2012 Kharafi National UAE Project Engineer 2.
ADNEC Phase 4 Capital Centre
Roads, Infrastructure and
Landscape
Client: ADNEC
Construction of underground utilities networks with related chambers and manholes belong to potable water, fie fighting, irrigation, chilled water and gas network.
Arrange material submittal, method statement and preparation for testing and commissioning plans.
Following shutdown of potable water system and connections to existing system ( DI 200, DI250 & DI 900)
Responsible for monitoring the Potable water, irrigation and gas network utilities performance day by day.
Conduct hands-on troubleshooting, problem analysis and resolution.
Create all necessary documents and communicate to consultant, client.
Prepare As-built drawing, O&M manual and following authority approval requirements for handing over.
3. August
2009
December- 2009 Kharafi National UAE Maintenance Engineer Maintenance for Abu Dhabi
Police operations
Following up the work order belong to mechanical work
Participate in new construction work for HVAC, Fire fighting, plumbing & drainage systems.
Preparing payments and mechanical submittals, shop drawing belongs to new construction work.
Preparing O&M manual and Handover to authorized departments
Allocates work to technicians.
Ensuring safe working area, supervising the activities of maintenance and checking progress of work
Preparing weekly progress reports to management.
Follow up with purchasing department & suppliers regarding technical Page 4 of 5
clarifications and ensuring the availability of critical spare parts in the plant.
Controlling mechanical department budget and labor requirements. 4. Nov-2005 May-2009 ADNH- Compass UAE Maintenance Engineer Project: Construction of Ground
Floor Central Laundry.
(December 2005 – May 2009)
Project: Construction of Training
center & Central Kitchen (
November 2005 – December
2006)
Follow up projects installation, commissioning plans and project close out documents.
Coordination with all concern parties (Client, consultant and contractors) to ensure completion the project in agreed time.
Monitor site progress, cost reviews and follow up site activities between contractors
Participate in technical review of design including quality of engineering drawings, specifications and ensure meets company requirements
Following Inspection belong to MEP works on site.
Coordinate with the Project consultant, suppliers & main contractors.
Ensure all on-site employees comply with safety standards
Job cost reviews, Perform material take-offs, ordering tools, materials, and equipment in a timely fashion to maximize field productivity.
Implement in testing and commissioning program and coordinate with other team for site handing over.
6. March-2004 Oct-2005 ADNH Compass UAE Maintenance Engineer ADNH Compass Operations
Following up the status of maintenance work (Mechanical, Electrical and Civil works).
Monitoring and preparing of preventive maintenance schedule
Mobilization works for new operations.
Make record for working hours and maintenance times.
Supervising and following subcontractors work as per the project specification and approved drawing.
Managing requirements of technical department and reporting to the manager.
Preparing material required & purchase request for maintenance work.
Estimation of the quantities of materials necessary for the maintenance and delivery time.
Repairs and maintains company equipment’s.
Following up daily job allocation program & status of staff. 7.
2003 2004 Al-Burj Company
Ramallah.
Palestine
Mechanical Engineer
Works in Maintenance especially
in repairing cars & Iveco Trucks
Ensure the efficient service is provided
Ensure quality customer care.
Perform time study in order to save the maximum possible time to finish the job by the technician.
Plans for internal manpower movement depending on work load, Responsible to monitor and control the work in progress. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS
May 2004
Oct. 2004
Oct. 2006
Training Course on Calibration:
ROHDE & SCHWARZ EMIRATES L.L.C.
Training Course in CPC & SCC Electro and Gas.
RATIONAL AG.
Training Course in Quality Management and ISO 9000 : 2000 COMPUTER SKILLS
Page 5 of 5
Software/ Application Skill Level Years of Experience
-CTSP Diploma Certificate ( PC hardware, Networking Principles, Windows 98/2000, Windows NT 4.0
Administration, NT Core technology, technical support procedure.
-Microsoft Office Software 98, 2003, 2007.
Cisco Systems:
CCNA 2 Routers and Routing Basics
CCNA 3 Switching Basics and Intermediate Routing.
AutoCAD 2006, 2007, 2009- 2D.
Internet.
Good
12
LANGUAGES
Language
Skill Level
Read Write Speak
1-Arabic
2-Enghlish
Excellent
Excellent
Excellent
Excellent
Excellent
Excellent
PERSONAL SKILLS
Swimming, Camping
REFERENCES : References are available Upon Request Reference Company/ Relation Phone No. Email Address Upon Request
Contact this candidate