Abdul Haseeb
Linux Infrastructure Engineer

adyxv6@r.postjobfree.com
929-***-****

SUMMARY:
A multi-talented and skillful Linux Infrastructure Engineer bringing 7 years of experience. Having profound exposure in virtualization, monitoring, and automation with proven abilities to build, provision, deploy, configure and decommission Linux-based systems in an enterprise setting. Maintained the integrity of OS, performed troubleshooting, and ensured maximum uptime. Experience in managing Vmware environment, Networking, and storage management with flexibility and automation of configuration, and upgradation by Ansible. Hands-on experience with handling Docker containers, AWS services (EC2, Route 53, S3, IAM, EBS, EFS, and Cloudwatch), and GIT for version control.

TECHNICAL SKILL:
Virtualization
ESXi 5.x, 6.x, vCenter, Vmotion, Clustering, HA, DRS, FT, Snapshots, Clone.
Operating Systems
RHEL 6,7,8, CentOS 6.x,7.x, Debian, Ubuntu
Storage
SAN storage, NFS, LVM, RAID, EXT3, EXT4, XFS
Performance Tuning
System Tuning, Kernel Tuning, Hardware Tuning
Hardware
Dell Servers, HP Servers Gen 6,7,8
Vulnerabilities
LOG Monitoring, PERMISSIONS, BACKUP.
DevOps Tools
ANSIBLE, GIT, DOCKER, Kubernetes
Version Control
GIT, GIT LAB
Cloud
EC2, IAM, S3, Cloud Watch, Cloud Trial, VPC, Route 53
Languages
BASH-scripting, YAML, PYTHON
Red Hat
Red Hat Satellite, RHEL 5,6,7
Monitoring
Splunk, Nagios
Ticketing
SNOW, BMC Remedy, Jira.
Applications/Servers
TFTP, FTP, DHCP, NIC-Bonding, NFS, PXE, KICK-START, SSH, HTTPD, APACHE, YUM, RPM, REPOS server, DNS, NTP,

WORKING HISTORY:

Linux Infrastructure Engineer
PNC Bank, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
09/2019 – Present
Responsibilities:

Experience in deployment, configuring and supporting Red Hat 6, 7, 8, and CentOS 6, 7 & 8 on physical (HP ProLiant and DELL Power Edge) and VMs.
Maintaining Linux servers and supporting developers to figure out issues related to operating systems, applications, and kernel parameters tuning.
Automating software releases and application deployment by creating Ansible playbooks to configure changes across various flavors of Linux servers.
Making much-needed configurations and deploying multiple applications over the remote nodes with Ansible Tower.
Managing code over remote repository using GUI version of GIT i.e. GIT lab and maintaining version.
Supporting applications and managing escalations where needed, and fixing issues by rigorous follow-up.
Experience in working with Nagios monitoring tool, receiving alerts regarding infrastructure (applications, server’s resource utilization).
Utilizing expertise in working with complex computing environments for analyzing and documenting application architecture, and ensuring high availability of infrastructure.
Taking advantage of AWS IAM console (Identity Access Management) to users & groups, where defined roles and implemented policies.
Exposed to AWS services especially EC2, ELB, Security, Storage S3, Route 53, and VPC.
Spinning up Docker containers and creating customized images where needed.
Knowledge of Kubernetes to orchestrate Docker containers and maintain their health and performance.
Collaborating with other teams and team members to develop automation strategies and deployment processes.

Linux Admin
Yahoo, Lockport, NY
04/2017 - 08/2019
Responsibilities:

Installed and configured server using PXEBoot and ensured automation installation process over the network by implementing kickstart file.
Maintained configuration and security of the Linux boxes in an enterprise computing environment.
Migrated Virtual Machines across hosts within a HA cluster to perform maintenance tasks on ESXi hosts.
Performing patch management on Linux servers using Redhat Satellite 6 server using custom repositories and managing them.
SME in Linux systems administration, operational support, and problem resolution for server systems.
Hands-on experience in troubleshooting and configuring NFS, DHCP, SSH, FTP, DNS.
Working with latency-sensitive workload that includes process scheduling, memory, network and overall performance tuning of RHEL servers.
Configuring and managing NFS file system, managing NFS mount-related issues, managing NFS client on remote machines, and managing NFS services.
Expert in changing the application specific kernel parameters, system hardening, implementing firewall, and allowing port access.
Implemented load balance and active backup arrangements in NIC teaming to ensure smooth network and redundancy respectively.
Design and implementation of Network Management and Security policies by managing iptables rules and adding, removing services in firewall rules.
Provided 24/7 on-call rotation to the team and strived for resolution.
Added every possible support to improve the stability, security, efficiency, and scalability of the environment.
Checked the compatibility of the system and made recommendations to the System Engineers.

Linux Operator
Mindtree, Warren, NJ
03/2016 - 02/2017
Responsibilities:

Unwrapped new equipment and installed equipment.
Rack and stack of servers and managed cabling of the servers as well.
Performed daily system monitoring, and verified the integrity and availability of all hardware.
Reviewed systems logs to avoid
Ensured secure access to remote servers by using OpenSSH.
Holding strong analytical and troubleshooting skills.
Maintained different RAID levels (Mirroring, Striping and Parity).
Managed the back of the servers and reinstate the good state of the machine when needed.
Used utilities like Gdisk and Fdisk for partitioning.
EDUCATION:
Bachelors in Computer Engineering 2016
Comsats Institute of Information Technology, Punjab, Pakistan
Contact this candidate