Thamaraiselvan Thangavel
: adzuhg@r.postjobfree.com
: +91-824*******

Have 2+ years of professional work experience of hands-on and multi-taking experience. Well versed in IT Infrastructure operations, including installation, upgrade, maintenance as well as windows and server OS
Well-versed in application maintenance and development and production Server
Experience in working with tool M365, MySQL, and AWS.
Analyzing bugs and interacting with development team members in fixing the defects.
Good knowledge in the IT Infrastructure and Administrator.

OS Environment
Microsoft windows operating system, Linux.
Server
Windows server from 2012 to 2016.
Software Applications:
M365, Microsoft Office, MacAfee
Virtualization
VMWare Workstation (Exsi), Hyper -V
Distributions
Cent OS, Red Hat
Programming Languages
Java (Spring Boot, Microservices)
Front and Backend Languages
HTML, CSS, Java script and MySQL
Cloud Platform
AWS

Post-Graduation in Master of Computer Applications in Kongu Engineering College, Erode.

Bachelor of Information Technology in Dr.N.G.P Arts and Science College, Coimbatore

Organization
Designation
Duration
Inaho Digital Solutions, Coimbatore
Software Engineer
July 2021 to Sep2022

Project Name:
IT Infrastructure Server Support, BES & B Braun Communication SOAP API
Role
IT Infrastructure Analyst
Environment
VMware Workstation

Project Description:
The client is a Japanese People in the fields of industry, worker safety, consumer goods. IDS organization engages with client to provide services like server Monitoring and IT Infrastructure helpdesk with IDS organization like System Administrator.

Responsibilities:

Connecting with application owner/clients on quarterly basis to get bug server Monitoring requirements.
Work on enchantments maintaining application of window and Linux for the production server maintained by our team.
Coordinating and connecting with team for daily stand-up and get to know updates from ongoing activities.
Involved in review meetings to have more clarity on requirements.

Certified of AWS Services for Solutions Architect Associate, Udemy.

Age : 03/17/1999
Gender : Male
Marital status : Single
Languages Known : Tamil (W/R/S), English (W/R/S), Japanese(W/R/S)

I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is true to the best of my knowledge and I bear responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars.

(Thamaraiselvan Thangavel)
Date :
Place : SIGNATURE
Contact this candidate