












































RESUME 

 

                                                                                                                                   
D.Krishna Chaitanya. 

1/71, Pendakanti Nagar                                                                               

Banaganapalli, Kurnool ( DT )  

9494217328 

Chaituk24@hotmail.com 

 

 

       

Career Objective:  
Seeking assignments as SAP MM Functional Consultant with a technology- driven organization 

of repute to contribute my skills and knowledge for the growth of the organization. 

 

 

Educational Qualifications: 

 

 

2016                     Dr.K.V.Subba Reddy Institute of Management – HR- FINANCE 
                                                                                                     Anantapur JNTU 

 

2012                     Rajeev Gandhi College of Engineering and Technology Branch – CSE 
                                                                                                     Anantapur JNTU  

 

2009                     Vasavi Polytechnic (SBTET) Branch- CSE 

 

 

2006                     Priya Darshini English medium High School – SSC. 
 

  

 

 

 

 

 

mailto:Chaituk24@hotmail.com


Work Experience:    

 

 

 

 

 

Work Experiences:        Nov 2012 to July 2014 

 Checking daily emails with regards to office & factory requirements. 
 Follow up of payments and receipts towards business transactions.  
 Follow up of office & factory staff attendance and their pay scales.  
 Follow up of payments with suppliers on raw material supplies and quotations on               

             Purchases. 

 Visiting Bank to recheck the payments and receipt transactions. 
 Visiting Commercial Tax Office on handling office documentations and record 

fillings. 

 Good in working on Tally ERP 9. 
 

  Work Experience in Procurement Field, ERP (6.0) Environment.             June 2016 till today. 

 

 Prepare and process requisitions and purchase orders for supplies and equipment. 
 Request for quotation to vendor 
 Quotation  comparison 
 Selection of vendor 
 Create Purchase Order and send to vendor 
 Ordering of production material from vendor 
 Ordering of require service from vendor 
 Measurement and checking of service performed 
 Measurement and checking of material supplied by vendor 
 Entry of goods receipt with reference to Chelan 
 Site supervision in Solapur Maharashtra and Hyderabad. 

 

 

 

Technical skills: 

 

Programming Languages: HTML, Tally ERP 9, SAP MM ECC 6.0. 

 

Personal Skills: 

 

 Leadership Qualities 
 Self Confident 
 Good Communication Skills 
 Team Leading. 

       

Organization  Challa Chlorides Pvt Ltd 

Role Worked as a Asst Manager  in Purchasing 

Duration  November .2012 to till date 



Strengths: 
 

Hard Work 

Challenging Tasks 

Intermingling capabilities 

 

 

Reference:   

 

 

Personal Information: 

 

Name   : D.Krishna Chaitanya    

Father’s name : Late D.Sivaprasad 
Date of birth  : 28th May 1990 

Gender  : Male  

Marital status  : Un-Married 

Address  : 1/71, Pendakanti Nagar, Banaganapalli, Kurnool (DT) 

Languages known : English, Telugu, Hindi.  

 

 

 
                                                                                                                 (D.Krishnachaitanya) 

               9494217328. 

 


