














































ROHAN ANAND 
Hyderabad | India 
Contact No.: +91-9742181037 |  Email: rohn01@outlook.com                                                   
 

 
Summary: 

 
 In-depth knowledge and experience in SAP FI/CO implementation 

encompassing seven projects, one of which is full implementation cycles from Blue 
Printing to Realization and Go Live. 

 Extensive experience in Configuration, Testing and Documentation of SAP modules – 
FI, CO and PS. 

 Expertise in Configuring New GL, performing document split, zero balancing of 
documents in the New GL.  

 Expertise in Integration of FI with MM and SD with Procure to Pay and Order to cash 
Cycles. 

 Implementation and Support experience in Enterprise Consolidation (ECCS). 

 Experience of implementation, delivery and support. Involved in every aspect of 
project’s lifecycle:              

o Module overview presentation,  
o Requirements Gathering,  
o Preparation of CSBP (AS-IS) & FSBP (TO-BE) document,  
o Business Process redesign,  
o Configuration, Functional Specifications, Unit & Integration Testing,  
o User Manual & Configuration document preparation, 
o Cut over activities, Data upload through LSMW and Post go-live Stabilization. 

 Strong Post Implementation support 24/7. 

 Understanding the business processes with strong Debugging skills. 

 Checking and Application of OSS Notes to problem areas. 

 Hand-on experience in change request management, solution documentation, IT 
service management, Solution Manager Hands on experience in test management. 

 Good working knowledge on Report Painter. 

 Good Communication, Presentation, Decision Making Skills, Understanding Customer 
Requirements and solving Customer problems. 

 
 
Key Domain and Technical Knowledge:  

 
ERP: ECC 6.0 EHP7, SAP Simple Finance, SAP 1610 and SAP Solution manager 4.0 
SAP Tools: SAP-FICO(expert), ABAP/4(prior experience), Report Painter (proficient) and 

SAP PS (proficient) 
 

Domain Life Sciences and Financial processes 

Applications MS OFFICE (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) and Panaya (SAP Testing)  

 
 
 
 
 

mailto:rohn01@outlook.com


 
Work Experience: 
 
SAP PROJECTS- Data Migration Experience 
Project - 7 

 
Client                   :      Pharmaceutical 
Region              :      EU 
Role                     :      Associate Consultant 
Organization       :      Infosys 
Duration              :      Sept’17 - till now 
Environment        :      SAP R/3 

 
Responsibility: 

 Migrating data from various legacy systems to SAP system. 

 Develop LSMW and BDC recordings for loading data into SAP. 

 Reviewed and formulated business requirements, processes and specifications. 

 Interacting with legacy business users to understand business process flow, business 
logics and to assess major data objects, data volume for data migration. 

 
SAP PROJECTS- Implementation Experience 
Project - 6 

 
Client                   :      Pharmaceutical 
Region              :      US 
Role                     :      Associate Consultant 
Organization       :      Infosys 
Duration              :      Feb’17 –Aug’17 
Environment        :      SAP S/4 HANA 1610 

 
Responsibility: 

 Understanding the existing business procedures and documented the “AS-IS 
processes” mapped the processes onto the SAP system and prepared the “TO-BE 
processes” document. 

 Business Signoff for the development changes. 

 Configured new GL and document splitting.  

 Configuration of Bank data through FIORI APP. 

 Configuration of AA (FI-AA)– Creating Legacy Assets and maintaining the 
prerequisites such as Chart of Depreciation, account determination, screen layouts, 
asset classes, defining depreciation key separately for book depreciation and tax 
depreciation, asset master record and sub assets, acquisition, Creating Legacy Assets, 
Period end Closing. 

 Configuration related to cost component structure and execution of cost estimate.  

 Configuration of Controlling area(CO), Maintaining CO version, Maintaining number 
ranges for planning and actual transactions in CO and Defining primary and 
secondary Cost Elements. 

 Ledger scrutiny (as per accounting standards).  

 Includes an analysis of the current banking structure and interfacing with the Bank 
responsible for the ‘single source’ data transfer approach. Documented and trained 
team members on the usage of bank details to enable the client to pay said vendors 
via wire and check. 

 
 



SAP PROJECTS- Implementation & Support Experience 
Project - 5 

 
Client                   :       Pharmaceutical 
Region              :       US  
Role                     :       Associate Consultant 
Organization       :       Infosys 
Duration             :        Dec’16 – Jan’17    
Environment       :       ECC 6.0 
 
Enterprise consolidation to be used for internal management reporting based on company 
consolidation. 
 
Responsibility: 

 Creation of consolidation unit through mass upload method. 

 Creation of Hierarchy for FS item and Consolidation group. 

 Assignment for breakdown categories and execution of Consolidation task. 

 Holding Matching Sessions with Client about Data Feasibility. 

 Checking of the compliance of relevant laws and regulations by the clients. 
 
SAP PROJECTS- Enhancement Experience 
Project - 4 

 
Client                   :      Pharmaceutical 
Region              :      US and UK 
Role                     :      Associate Business Analyst 
Organization       :       Infosys 
Duration             :       Mar’16 – Nov’16 
Environment       :       ECC 6.0 
 
Worked in implementing solution for 2 initiatives across the landscape. 

Brand Accounting: Align brand (also known as profit center definition within all SAP 
instances to drive consistent product reporting across the organization.  
Project System: To align global project definition and structures according to AZ 
project policies. 
Management Unit: All cost attributed directly to global leaders.  

 
Responsibility: 

 Offshore Lead Consultants. 

 Understanding the business requirements base and documenting the impact 
assessment and deep dive based on business processes. 

 Initial impact analysis for custom fields that was to be added in coding block and 
table. And worked on derivation logic for custom fields.  

 Coordinating with client for acceptable solution. 

 Implemented document splitting in FI-SL based on management unit dimension. 

 Created report painter report to view Pnl by Management unit. 

 Preparation of LSMW data upload templates for creation of WBS template and WBS 
update. 

 Configuration related to field status variant to make custom field optional. 

 Configuration of SPL Field Movements, transfer of planning data to EC-PCA/FI-GL/FI-
SL -Maintain Account Determination, Project Code Masking, Project profile Creation, 
Creation of Project type, Defining Layout of WBS Element Detail Screens, Creation of 
user status and assigning it to Project profile. 



 Used charm tool for uploading Functional Documentations and configuration. 

 Preparation of Functional Design Specification. 

 Providing KT to support team for assurance unit testing by summarizing to be 
process. 

 Coordinated Interface related changes with PI/BW team.  
 Holding Matching Sessions with Client about Master Data Feasibility. 

 
SAP PROJECTS- Enhancement Experience 
Project - 3 

 
Client                   :     Pharmaceutical 
Region              :     US 
Role                     :     Associate Business Analyst 
Organization       :     Infosys 
Duration             :      Oct’15 – Feb’16  
Environment       :      ECC 6.0 
 
To replace regional charts of accounts with a new, single, unified chart of accounts globally. 
Which includes master and transactional data update via System Landscape Optimization 
(SLO). 
 
Responsibility: 

 Offshore FICO consultant. 

 Standard table and configuration analysis that relates to conversion of data by SAP 
through SLO.  

 Checking report/table consistency before and after the SLO run in development 
testing, pre-production and production client. 

 Coordinated with multiple vendors from geographically distributed teams for a 
successful deployment 

 Cutover plan execution 

 Providing KT to support team for assurance unit testing by summarizing to be 
process. 

 
SAP PROJECTS- Migration Experience 
Project - 2 

 
Client                   :     Pharmaceutical 
Region              :     7 Landscape 
Role                     :     Associate Business Analyst 
Organization       :     Infosys 
Duration              :     Jun’15 – Sept’15 
Environment       :      ECC 6.0 
 
Migrated the middleware of 250 FICO interfaces from AZIA (AstraZeneca Integration 
Architecture) to PI. 
 
Responsibility: 

 Experienced in Agile methodologies such as SCRUM. 

 Performing End to End testing. 

 One week of support after every go-live along with the ongoing next sprint activities. 

 Worked for 7 landscape were NAM, APAC, ICON, and EU, FRANCE, LATAM and IPR 
was involved. 

 Especially worked migrating bank interfaces were lock box was involved. 



 
 

SAP PROJECTS- Support Experience 
Project - I 

 
Client                   :     Pharmaceutical 
Region              :     UK and US 
Role                     :     Associate Business Analyst 
Organization       :     Infosys 
Duration             :      Feb’14 - May’15 
Environment       :      ECC 6.0 

 
Responsibility: 

 Ticket resolution and responsible for detailed problem determination.  

 Problem determination includes re-creating the issues, determining the point of 
failure by stepping through the ABAP Code and identifying the problem resolution. If 
the resolution is a major development or configuration fix, provide the necessary 
change detail. 

 

Training:  
 
Infosys Global Education Center, Mysore        Oct’13 – Jan’14  
  

 Underwent Foundation training which included Software Development Life Cycle, 
Programming techniques - Java, PL/SQL, Analysis of Algorithms along with 
assignments and minor project for each module and successfully completed a 
comprehensive test covering all the modules.  

 Received stream specific training on SAP-ABAP and SAP-FICO.  

 Received soft skills training for Business Communication which included Written 
Communication Skills, Articulation Skills, Presentation Skills, Effective Meetings and 
Group Discussions.  

 
Education: 

 
 Bachelor degree in IT from National Institute of Science and Technology.           

 
 
 

DECLARATION- 
 
I hereby declare that all the information provided here is correct to the best of my 
knowledge and belief and I promise to abide by all the norms laid down by your esteemed 
organization. 

         
                                                                                                       
               Rohan Anand 


