
































1 

 

RESUME 
  Sheeraz Alam 

  Mobile: +918299587152 

  Email:  sheeraz0987@gmail.com  

OBJECTIVE 

To seek an entry level position in a growth oriented organization where I can contribute to take the 

organization, to the greater height through my hard work, sincerity and commitment while further 

enhancing my skills and capabilities. 

PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS 

 Excellent communication and presentation skills, having Creativity and out of the box 
thinking with full dedication and the will to achieve and prove self worth. 

ACADEMICS 

 

 

                     

 

 

 

 

 

 

FINAL YEAR PROJET 

 

Project :- Multi Utility Package Software 

It is a web based application. The main aim of MUPS is to avail most of the utility application in one 

software, making it easy for our user to get it together. 

Project Language: ASP.NET using C# 

Experience 

Company Name - Genpact 

Work Duration – November 2017 – Present  

Post – Process Associate 

Role – Technical Helpdesk 

Client – Allstate ( International ) 

Working in Genpact IT services, Noida as Process Associate since last 12 months Working as a self 

service IT Support to provide technical support to Employees/Contractors Of USA’s second largest 

insurance company which include working on application like SCCM 2012 & Goto Assist (remote 

control tools), Microsoft Outlook, Mainframe attachments, Reflection, Symantec VIP Manager, Avaya 

CMS Supervisor and SAP, etc 

 

Key Responsibilities 

Qualification  Board/University Passing year  

MCA St. Mary’s College of Engineering 
and technology,   Hyderabad 

2017 

BCA Integral University 2014 

XII CBSE 2011 

X                            ICSE 2008 



2 

 

 Speak to customers via email and phone for initial requirement capture. 

 Provide hardware, software and network support. 

 Troubleshot and resolved LAN/WAN connectivity issues. 

 Provide remote troubleshooting and fault finding if issues occur upon initial installation. 

 Installation & configuration of a company’s computer hardware operating systems and 

applications. 

 Create new knowledge base articles for unknown issues as well as modify existing one to 

provide better client support and service solutions. 

SKILLS 

 Programming Language: C/C++, Java,MySQL, 

 Markup Languages: HTML/CSS 

 Operating System: Linux, Windows 

 

HOBBIES 

 

 Surfing Net 

 Listening Songs  

 Traveling 

PERSONAL DOSSIER 

Name                                                               Sheeraz Alam                

Father’s Name                                             Minhaj Alam Siddiqui 

Date of birth                                                 05-nov-1993 

Languages Known                                      English and Hindi 

Current Address                                          Shaheen Bagh,New Delhi 

 

 

Declaration           

 

I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear 

the responsibility for the correctness of the above mentioned particulars. 

 

 

                                            

Place   :New Delhi                                                                                             (Sheeraz Alam) 


