
















































Madhura B Lotlikar
Email ID- madhuralotlikar94gmail.com 
Contact No. +91-7045582660
Career Objective
To be associated with progressive organization that gives me scope to apply my educational and professional skills and provides me with advancement opportunity and knowledge empowerment.
Career Summary
· A customer oriented and excellent communicator possesses 2+ experience in maintaining Customer Relationship Executive.
· Expertise in taking follow up on a daily basis.
· Expertise in working with a team.

Personal Qualities
· Unmatchable communication skills in written and verbal both.
· Strong motivational and skills.
· Ability to persuade the people.
· Ability to produce the best result in pressure situations.

Work Experience
July 2015 to September 2016
    	
        Company          : Intelenet Global Services 
        Process            : Citi Quality
        Designation      : Customer Service Representative 
        Achievements  :  Couple of appreciation certifications from lntelenet Global Services
                       Achievements during initial stage of the process as a Best Caller.
	                Appreciation mails from Clients.
	

September 2016 to March 2017

       Company           :  Intelenet Global Services 
        Process             :  Vodafone Post-paid
        Designation       :  Quality Analyst 
        Achievements   :  Promoted from Customer Service Representative to Quality Analyst


 March 2017 Till Date 

       Company           :  Reis Staffing & HR Services 
        Process             :  IT Recruitment 
        Designation       :  IT Recruiter (Associate HR Consultant)
        Achievements   :  

                
                                   Roles Responsibilities Handled as CSR and Quality Analyst
· Attending escalation calls apart from taking normal calls.
· Managing incoming calls and customer service inquiries
· Conveying the client requirements to the team with regards to the process.
· Attaining daily, weekly and monthly targets specified by the process.
· Adhering to the schedule as prescribed by the TL.
· Providing the feedback to the process manager at the end of the day.
· Identifying and assessing customers’ needs to achieve satisfaction
· Take the extra mile to engage customers

                                         Roles Responsibilities Handled as an IT Recruiter
· Develop a pool of  qualified candidates in advance of need 
· Review applicants to evaluate if they meet the position requirements.
· Meeting targets for vacancies filled and people placed
· Organising interviews for candidates as requested by the client
· Salary Negotiation with shortlisted candidates.
Computer Knowledge
· Well versed in working with computer.
· Internet Savvy
Academia
	Examinations Passed 
	      Board/Council
	   Year Of Passing 
	        Class/Grade 

	             TYBMS
	   Mumbai University
	       2014-2015
	           Grade B

	              HSC
	  Maharashtra Board 
	       2011-2012
	   First Class (70.68 %)

	              SSC
	  Maharashtra Board 
	       2009-2010
	   Distinction (80.73 %)



Personal Details
Date of Birth              : 17th November 1994
Gender                       : Female
Nationality                 : Indian	
Marital Status            : Single	
Languages Known    : English Hindi Marathi

Permanent Address  : 739/3, Suprabhat CHS Sector no-7 Charkop Kandivali (west) Mumbai-400067

Declaration 
          I hereby declare that the above particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. Looking forward to a positive reply.




Place : Mumbai
Date  :

Madhura B Lotlikar

  






