










































Prodip Pal 
R2R & Business Analyst 

Ground Floor, Plot no. 21, 1137 
 

Pragati Park, Brahmapur 
 

+91.9088248609 

Kolkata - 700096 
 

West Bengal 
 

prodippal88@gmail.com  
 

https://www.linkedin.comin/prodip-pal-01b10780  
  

 
 
 

PROFILE • ABOUT ME  
 
Having experience in two different sector under financial accounting. Like - Record to report & Business Analyst. 

Looking for a position in a reputed organization for utilizing skills in project requirement assessment, global market 

data analysis and production support to its benefit. 
 
Experience summary –  

• I have +6 years 8 months experience as Business analyst, Process Associate & Process Developer  
• Gathering financial data from various companies and updating on client’s terminal  
• Analyze Income statement, balance sheet and cash flow to find out companies actual profit excluding 

various factors (Legal, Merger etc.) 

• Good Team Player with strong communication skills, ability to work within a team and bring efforts of 
many to accomplish one goal. 

• Checking GL balance in SAP and if required preparing journal entry  
• Preparing daily, weekly and month-end report  
• Preparing balance sheet review data  
• Preparing SLA report for dashboard  
• BCP Resource from March 2018 to till date. 

 
WORK EXPERIENCE  
 
Process Developer – Genpact 
 

Process : Record to Report (Accounts to Report) 
Sub – Process : Financial Analysis and Planning 
Client  : Owens Corning 
Role  : Process Developer 
Period  : May 2019 to till date 
 
Working for a US based client. Prepare daily and weekly reports. Main works comes under month-end where we have to 

check all the plant or business unit level GL in SAP and prepare a journal entry to move the entire amount in 

main company accounts. Preparing a different month end report which helps plant controllers and accounting 

team to identify profit and loss at plant or business unit level. 
 

Role –  
• Preparing daily or weekly and month-end report  
• Processing and preparing daily and month-end journal entry  
• Preparing balance sheet review data  
• Preparing SLA dashboard data 

 

Process Associate - Genpact 
 

Process : Record to Report (Accounts to Report) 
Sub – Process : Financial Analysis and Planning 
Client  : Owens Corning 
Role  : Process Associate 
Period  : June 2017 to April 2019 
 

Working for a US based client. Prepare daily and weekly reports. Main works comes under month-end where 

we have to check all the plant or business unit level GL in SAP and prepare a journal entry to move the entire 

amount in main company accounts. Preparing a different month end report which helps plant controllers and 

accounting team to identify profit and loss at plant or business unit level. 



 

Role –  
• Preparing daily or weekly and month-end report  
• Processing and preparing daily and month-end journal entry  
• Preparing balance sheet review data  
• Preparing SLA dashboard data 

 
Analyst - TCS 
 
Title : Adjusted Financial 
 
Client : Bloomberg  
Role : Team Member 
 
Period : Dec 2013 – Dec 2016 

 

Bloomberg is a financial service provider. Adjusted financial is a project where Bloomberg able to show full financial report of 

his client. 

 
Roles and Responsibilities:-  

 Analyze various types of company’s financial reports.  
 Finding all the abnormal item which affects the company’s actual production. 
 Prepare company’s actual Income Statement, Balance Sheet and Cash Flow. 
 Tracking own performance every day on excel in respect to time and target. 
 Uploading different companies’ data’s on client terminal. 

 
Analyst - CMC Ltd 
 

Title : EERT 
Client : Bloomberg 
Role : Team Member 
Period : July 2012 – Nov. 2013 
 

Project Description:-  
Bloomberg is a financial service provider. EERT (Earning Estimate Real Time) is a project where Bloomberg able to 

show estimate financial detail of his client. In this project we receive the broker estimated data of different companies 

as per their present situation. 

 

Roles and Responsibilities:-  
• Analyze all type of clients report.  
• Updating data on client tools as per their above requirement.  
• Works are done on priority basis. (File to be completed in 15min)  
• We have to be clear about the scaling and currency of the company’s financial data. 

• 99% of quality needs to be maintained while processing any file since it’s directly impact o 

• Files are been segregate in different sectors like – Financial, RIETS, and OIL & Gas etc. 

• Absorbing the pressure and distributing it among the team member at the time of earning season (eg. 15 April 
to 15 May companies completed its Quarter filing) 

 

EDUCATION  
 
Marketing & Finance, Master Of Business Administration, Completed, June 2011  
EIILM University – Marks 62%, Kolkata, West Bengal 
 
Finance, Bachelor Of Commerce, Completed, June 2009 IPS Academy  
Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya – Marks 45%, Indore, Madhya Pradesh 
 
Arts, High School, Completed, June 2006  
Kendriya Vidyalaya, CBSE – Marks 61%, Singrauli, Madhya Pradesh 
 
General, Intermediate, Completed, June 2004  
Christ Jyoti School, CBSE – Marks 49%, Singrauli, Madhya Pradesh 
 
 

TRAINING & CERTIFICATIONS  
 
 Tally ERP9, NIIT, 2010  
 Advance Excel, NIIT, 2010  
 SAP, Genpact, 2017 
  



 
 

SKILLS 
 
 Team oriented and results driven.  
 Building Customer Relationship  
 

COMPUTER PROFICIENCY 
 
SAP, Microsoft Office, Tally ERP9  
 

LANGUAGES 
 
English, Hindi, Bengal  
 

PERSONAL INTERESTS 
 
Listening Music, Sports 
 
 
PERSONAL INFORMATION 

 
• Birthday – January 13, 1988 
• Gender – Male 
• Marital Status – Married 
• Father’s Name – Mr. K. B. Pal 
• Nationality - Indian 

 
DECLARATION  
 
I, Prodip Pal, hereby declare that the information contained herein is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and 

belief. 
   
 

Prodip Kumar Pal    
 
     
 
        
 

 

 

 

 



 


