














































Smita Aralelimath 
HR Executive           
Contact:+91 – 9620518087 
email: smitaaralelimath@gmail.com 

 
 
OBJECTIVE 

 
To grow as a professional and provide quality services to the organization. Aiming for a challenging Human Resource assignment with a leading 
organization to utilize my abilities to benefit mutual growth and success. 

 
PROFILE SUMMARY 

 

Recruitment & Selection 

On boarding & Induction 

Training & Development 

Payroll Processing 

Employee Engagement 

Statutory Compliance 

Attendance Management 

 

 MBA (Human Resource Management) with 2.5 years of experience in Human Resource 
Generalist Profile. 

 Demonstrated excellence in handling the entire Recruitment Process from junior level to 
senior level. 

 Planning manpower requirements and ensuring optimum utilization of manpower through 
effective work allocation. 

 Gained experience in handling Induction Program, Team Management and conducting 
Training & Development programs. 

 Proficient in handling entire HRMS database including monthly Time Sheets. 

 Planning, Implementation, Organizing & conducting Employee Engagement activities. 

 Consolidating with Statutory Consultants for filing ESI & PF monthly returns within the due 
dates. 

 Detail-oriented & organized individual with excellent planning, analytical & interpersonal 
skills. 

 

 
ORGANIZATIONAL EXPERIENCE 

 

 Worked at Alpha Design Design Technologies Pvt. Ltd. as a HR Executive from 04th December 2014 to 25th April 2017. 
Company Profile: ALPHA, a premier private sector Defence Electronics (R&D & Manufacturing) Company located at Indiranagar, 
Bangalore. With its unique, indigenous & innovative R&D & technology base, Alpha proffers assistance in all facets of defence 
technology. 

 
Role across the tenure:  

 Responsible in Full Recruitment Cycle– Job Analysis, Job Postings, Screening & Shortlisting, Coordinating with respective 
department heads for interviews, offer negotiation& maintaining the resume database. 

 Handled On boarding and all other joining formalities for new recruits. 

 Conducting an Induction Program for new joiners. Responsible for drafting appointment letters, offer mails, conformation 
letters, background verification of newly joined employees and issuing Access Card, ID card and mail IDs for every new 
employee. 

 Organizing, Conducting Training & Development programs based on the need and recommendations from HODs. Interacting 
with trainers and arrange for sessions and getting feedback from employees for database. 

 Statutory compliances:  
I. Filing of ESI & PF monthly Statutory returns within due dates in coordination with statutory consultants. 

II. Generation of new IP numbers of new employees & issuing Temporary Insurance Card to employees.  

 Employee Engagement: Organizing Team Outing within the given budget, Conducting Health & Wellness programs, Birthday 
Celebrations, Arranging for Team Lunch etc. 

 Payroll Processing: Providing all the inputs such as attendance details, new hires data, reimbursements etc. as per Pay Roll 
Advice Format. Pre-auditing the Payroll for zero error & Management Approval. 

 Employee Relations & Benefits: Addressing employee queries regarding payroll, Attendance, HR Policies, Leave Details, 
timesheets etc., maintaining leave records, Leave encashment, Medical Reimbursement, Medi-claim etc., 

 Conducting Exit interviews, Employees Full & Final Settlements, relieving procedures and employee coordination. 



 Monitoring daily attendance through e-attendance. Involved in monthly attendance compilation through the software. 

 Providing MIS reports with analysis to the top management on Recruitment Status, Overtime & late coming reports, Absenteeism 
Reports of On-roll employees and Personal File Management.  

 
PROFFESSIONAL ACHIEVEMENTS 

 

 Promoted to HR Executive for the good work done during training period & assigned with more responsibilities. 
 
ACADEMIC PROJECT 

 

 Study on effectiveness of Training and Development at BHEL, Bangalore. 
 
ACADEMIC DETAILS  

 

 MBA (HR) from Acharya Institute of Technology (VTU), Bangalore 2014 with 70%. 

 BBA from KLE’s JT College, Gadag in 2012 with 77%. 
 

PERSONAL DETAILS  

 

 Full Name    :  Smita Aralelimath 

 Date of Birth     :  26-10-1990  

 Marital Status                                :        Married 

 Languages known   :  English, Hindi, Kannada, Telugu     

 

DECLARATION 

 

I hereby declare that all the information furnished above is true and genuine to the best of my knowledge. 
 
 
Place: Bangalore   

 

Date:            
(Smita Aralelimath)  

   

 


