














































Mrs. Varsha Vinay Phadke 

Contact No.: 7276648225 

E-mail: varshabapat1992@gmail.com 

 

Professional Summary 

Previously working with Ipca laboratories as an Executive Biostatistician. 

The overall job responsibility included statistical analysis of clinical data and SAS programming 

along with Clinical Data Management. 

 

Work Experience 

 

1. From Feb, 2017 to Oct, 2017 

Company: Ipca Laboratories, Mumbai 

 

Designation: Executive Biostatistician 

 

Responsibilities: 

 Estimate sample size for clinical study using appropriate software. 

 Preparation of statistical analysis plan for clinical study in accordance with 

clinical study protocol/study design. 

 Draft statistical methods for clinical study protocols. 

 Review statistical methods for pre-clinical study protocols. 

 Review statistical methods for bioequivalence study protocols. 

 Preparation of tables, listing and graphs using software’s (SAS, SPSS, Minitab) as 

outlined by the statistical analysis plan. 

 Generate randomization schedule for clinical trials. 

 Preparing e- CRF database in SAS PheedIt 3.03 as per the approved paper CRF. 

 Perform data entry of the clinical trial data in the pre-specified database (e-CRF 

database SAS PheedIt 3.03). 

 Perform and coordinate the preparation, execution, reporting and documentation 

of interim and final statistical analyses. 

 Draft statistical report(s) for completed studies. 

 Provide support to the team in excel related and software related queries. 

 Compilation and reporting of monthly adverse event reported in clinical studies to 

Pharmacovigilance department. 

 Generate data clarification forms 

mailto:varshabapat1992@gmail.com


 Keeping a record of all the AEs reported to pharmacovigilance department for a 

particular study Checking laboratory data of patients in order to avoid entry 

violations in clinical study. 

 

 

2. From Dec, 2015 to Jan, 2017 

Company: Genelife Clinical Research, Malad, Mumbai. 

 

Designation: Biostatistician 

 

Responsibilities: 

 Calculation of sample size for Phase 2, Phase 3 and Post marketing clinical trials. 

 Developing case report forms (CRFs) and reviewing the same. 

 CRF designing (paper and e-crf), coding of clinical data, raising data 

discrepancies and updating the same into database. 

 Development of statistical analysis plan (SAP) which includes documentation of 

all statistical methods used in trials. 

 SAS programming of clinical data to generate results. 

 

3. From June 2015 to Nov 2015 

College: Ismail Yusuf College, Mumbai. 

Designation: Lecturer on Clock Hour Basis. 

 

Educational Qualification 

Education Year of 

Passing Out 

Name of 

college/ 

Institution 

Name of 

University 

GPA/ 

Percentage 

M. Sc. Statistics 2016 Mithibai 

college, 

Mumbai 

Mumbai 

University 

4.84 (57.5%) 

T.Y.B.Sc. 2013 Ruia College, 

Mumbai 

Mumbai 

University 

70.62% 

H.S.C. 2010 Vartak College, 

Vasai 

H.S.C. 82.33% 

S.S.C. 2008 K.M.P.D. 

School 

S.S.C. 89.69% 

 

Professional Skills 

 Base and Advanced SAS programming course- 4 months duration from Caliber 

Infotech Solutions which includes, 



 Data management using SAS 

 SAS SQL 

 SAS Macros 

 MS-CIT course, July 2011 

 Maharashtra Government Typing Examination, February 2014. 

 

Project Work 

Title: Future of Marathi Schools in Mumbai 

Summary of objectives: To check declining trend of Marathi schools in Mumbai, deriving 

parents’ views about taking admission in particular medium and suggesting improvements for 

Marathi schools. 

Co-curricular Activities 

 Music: Appeared for one exam of Gandharv Vidyamandir in 2001. 

 College Festival: Actively volunteered in Physics festival named Infinity conducted by 

department of Physics, Ramnarain Ruia College in Jan 2011. 

 Drawing: Secured B grade in Elementary drawing examination in June 2004. 

 

Personal Profile 

Address: Flat No. 4, Sailee Apartment, 1740/B, Sadashiv Peth, Pune 411030. 

D.O.B.: 19
th

 August, 1992. 

Gender: Female 

Nationality: Indian 

 


