













































SUMOULI BANIK


                                                                  

Santhosh Gangarajaiah 
             No.8, 5th Cross Behind Rammandira Rd,Yeswanthapur Banagalore 22 

                                  (Mob) 91-9900022987   s.gangarajaiah@gmail.com  
 

OBJECTIVE:  

To work with an organization offering a dynamic and professional environment, where I can effectively utilize my 
experience, enhance my skills & knowledge and contribute to the growth of the team and the firm. 

 

WORK EXPERIENCE:                                                           11.4 yrs                      

Accenture        May’07 – Sep 2018         Business Advisory Senior Analyst 

Role Description: 

 

Act as a primary compensation interface for clients and employees in assigned areas. Effectively build and 

manage vendor. Provide expertise for performance services to support client requirements. Support clients on 

identify all the reports generated by Accenture. Research and resolve all the reports analyzing and understand 

the nature of the report. 

 

Experience in HR Transformation & Operation, Reporting & Data Management, and Project Management. 

 

Roles & Responsibilities: 
 

 Led Global Reporting & Data Management for a large FMCG client including transformation of ERP‟s. 

 Worked on various client accounts for Reporting & Data Management solution development. 

 Led multiple HR Service Delivery teams across the spectrum of Hire to Retire 
 
 
Reporting & Data Management: Workday, Peoplesoft, SAP & Taleo. 

 

 Successfully led the transition from PeopleSoft to Workday for reporting.  

 Successfully led the transition of ERP from PS9 to Workday for reporting and data management.  

 Lead several engagements servicing large global clients in various areas of HR Shared Service teams.  

 Traveled to Romania to perform the transition for 51 reports from Timisoara team to Bangalore Team in 
month of April 2017.  

 Meeting TAT and Quality for all the waves.  

 Reviewing and prioritizing the requests placed by the clients.  

 Active role in meeting the client deliverables and understanding the requirements.  

 Handled end to end documentation and sign of all the reports with the Clients.  

 Reverse KT for Taleo reports and have provided all the process documents for the client and got the 
final sign off form the client.  

 Worked on Workday Reporting Development. (Advance Report, creating calculated fields etc.) & 
development around 20 advances reports in Workday.  

 Monitoring and reviewing the reports build by the team members.  

 Done UAT (User assignment Test) for all the reports developed for the Unilever.  

 Interacting with HRBP, SDM‟s etc on the workday reports development and getting there inputs.  

 Reviewing and prioritizing the requests placed by the clients  

 Working knowledge on PeopleSoft - Query building, generating reports, Scheduling reports in PS  

 Responsible for generating the Standard Reports and Adhoc reports.  

 Monitoring and reviewing the Standard and Adhoc reports.  

 Manage and Forecast special requests to coming into the team.  

 Work balancing/prioritization across team  

 Worked on all Basic/Medium/Complex/Highly Complex - CRT Reports  

 I have conducted refresher sessions for the team on aspects of audit & compliance.  
 
 
 
 
 

mailto:s.gangarajaiah@gmail.com


Achievements: 

 Achieved „Platinum‟ in “Accenture Top Talent Program 2017” 

 Conducted excel training for BT client via skype 

 Analyst of the Quarter Award 2014 from Unilever South Africa onsite team 

 Received appreciation from Management for conducting various Excel training on the floor. 

 SPOC for any reporting development for various deals representing the HR Opps team. 

 
HR Service Delivery: 

 

During the tenure with Accenture, I have worked as comp, perf & prog case Associate on PeopleSoft (HR 

Operations – Hiring till exit) prepared offer letters, job data changes, cost center changes, international transfers, 

promotions and exit, redundancy of employees, updated data in PeopleSoft and worked as a Tester for 10 

months in testing Oracle 11i application (PeopleSoft HRMS). 

 
 Roles & Responsibilities: 

 

 Worked on the Exit, New Joiner, Letter Generation, Transfers etc. process.  

 Proactively discuss critical issues with the business for timely resolution.  

 Handled end to end documentation and sign from the client End.  

 Monitor and issue Probation / Confirmation Letters and generate performance evaluation details for 

annual appraisals.  

 Supervise Exit interviews to help retain employees and gather feedback.  

 Handle Exit Procedures in line with company‟s policies & processing relieving formalities.  

 Strategically contribute in developing & implementing measures to improve and standardize processes 

pertaining to HR Operations to work effectively with customer satisfaction.  

 Manage HR Process, Tools and Audit.  

 Analyze and Understand requirements.  

 Email Queue Management  

 Involved in client review calls with the help of Team lead and latter driven it by my own without any 

interference and escalation.  

 

Achievements: -  

 Taken the contract creation process in addition and been recognized as best and reliable resource on 

critical business requirement 

 Summit Award for best employee. 

 Numero Uno Award. 

 U make difference Award 

 Various spot awards 

  

 

EDUCATION & CREDENTIALS   Bachelor of Commerce.                                2006 
(Bangalore University) 
 

INTERPERSONAL TRAITS    Excellent cross-cultural communication skills with      
AND ATTITUDE      knowledge of English and Kannada.   
 

Optimistic, Enthusiastic, Willing to Learn 

AGE & MARITAL STATUS     32 years & Married.             
 

COMPUTER SKILLS    O level Course (MS Office, Fox pro, C) 
 
LANGUAGES KNOWN    English, Kannada, Hindi. 
OTHER INTERESTS 
MUSIC / HOBBIES/SPORTS   Indian Classical, Music/ Reading, Traveling/ Cricket 
 
      
Date:  

Place:                                                                                                     Santhosh Gangarajaiah 


