







































CURRICULUM VIATE

CURRICULUM VIATE

                                                                                            C/o D.panda
                                                                                            Plot No-42, VSS Nagar
                                                                                            BBSR
                                                                                            M- +919776565672
ASHUTOSH PANDA                                                    
E MAIL-mailto_ashutoshpanda@rediffmail.com


CAREER OBJECTIVE
Seeking Middle Level Managerial assignments in Operations Management ~ Client Relationship Management ~ Team Management ~ with a leading organization preferably in Telecom, ITES /BPO, Customer Service sectors.

CAREER SKETCH

Almost 4 years of experience in Telecom Industry out of which almost 3 yrs as a Team Leader. During this time some of the things which I have been exposed to are Process Excellence, Training & Development, Quality & Compliance & Team Management.  I have worked with Firstsource Solutions Limited as a Process Leader since 18th Feb. During this tenure I have gained comprehensive experience in operations related to service delivery customers, up front conversations & negotiations as well as educating them about the services. Proficient in managing & leading teams for running successful customer service operations & experience of implementing procedures, managing front end operations for business excellence. I am a keen planner & implementer with track record of developing operational policies / norms, systems & controls, motivational schemes & customer service standards.  Also I am Resourceful in acting as an escalation gate to resolve critical issues of the team members. I have the skills required for conducting various training sessions for enhancing performance and quality of service. I have displayed some of the excellent people management, mentoring skills with the ability to train and motivate cross cultural teams in optimizing their abilities in Customer Relationship Management. 

WORK EXPERIENCE

Worked as a Senior Process Leader in First Source Soln Pvt Ltd (Vodafone Process) from 18th Feb 2008 to March 2011.
1. Handling team of over 30 Customer Service Executive with 2 Team Executives. 
2. Ensuring KRAs are well defined and communicating at each level.
3. Planning and implementing shifts, targets for CSR.
4. Tracking number of orders and conducting service level analysis.
5. Preparing reports, quarterly/ monthly and weekly business reviews with clients.
6. Attending Conference calls with the client for any procedural updates.

7. Taking care of the training as per the requirement.
8. Conducting meetings and conference calls with clients to discuss Operational / Productivity Standards and Practices & resolving issues pertaining to the services for accomplishing customer satisfaction metrics.

9. Root Cause Analysis and develop plans to increase productive and enhanced customer satisfaction

10. Excellent Technical skills in call centre tools like Avaya, Nice.

11. Providing leadership inputs to all direct reportees.

12. Supporting HR in identifying integrity issues and then take appropriate actions. 

13. Conducting dipstick on the floor both for CSA. . 

14. Leave management, timely R&R, team outings, one to one, career counseling for team members from time to time.

15. Managing attrition for of the team also the LOB
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Worked with IBM Daksh Kolkata as Customer Service Executive, Operation for (Airtel  process).
Responsibilities:

1. Taking calls and giving the best customer experience.

2. Taking Escalation calls and managing the floor.

3. Encouraging the team to deliver quantitative and quality leads.

4. Helping the Team leader in the daily report like MIS, roistering, and call back to the customer and the backend team.
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION:

	Degree
	Board
	Year

	B.Sc.              
	Sambalpur University
	2004

	Intermediate
	C.H.S.E, ORISSA
	2000

	Matriculation
	H.S.C, ORISSA
	1998


PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION:
1. Completed SAP in Sales and Distribution from Futuresoft, Kolkata 

2. Basic computer knowledge

3. Have done 3 months call centre training and personality development class in Ghaziabad
4. Also taken the certified training FOCUS leadership training in Firstsource which orients the person in managing the role of a team leader and also involve as a manager.
5. Continuing   MBA in HR & Marketing from FM University Balasore.

ACHIEVEMENTS:
1. An active member in the Pilot Team during “Airtel’s” Orissa transitioning in October 2005
2. An active member in the Pilot Team during “Vodafone’s” Orissa transitioning in July 2008
3. I was awarded as the Best Team Leader in Firstsource Solutions in the first quarter of its launch.
4. My team was also given the Best team award during this time. 
5. Successfully have done YB training in our organization.
6. Awarded as a best support pillar –Operation for the year of 2009.

7. Awarded as a best performer from Vodafone Orissa.

8. I was awarded as a best performer in training “How to give feedback and coaching “ in Siliguri Center.
CURRICULAR ACTIVATES

1. Crafting Certificate

2, N.C.C Certificate
LANGUAGE KNOWN

Read and write- Oriya, Hindi and English and  Bengali
PERSONAL DETAILS
Father’s Name 



: 

Mr. DEENABANDHU PANDA
Permanent Address                                      

C/O- Agasti Prasad padhi
                                                                       

Hatpada para, Kasturi 

                                                                        
Balangir, Orissa

                                                                        
Pin -767001

                                                                       

 Ph no (06652) - 233118
Date of birth                                      :        


07-03-1982

Marital status 



:


Single
Sex





:


Male

Religion                                             
:          
  
Hindu
Nationality                                        
:           

Indian
DECLARATION

I hereby declare that the information I have provide above is true to the best of my knowledge
Date.
:………………

Place.
:……………





(ASHUTOSH PANDA)
