









































yogesh jadhav




	SAUMYA SINGH

	Address     – C-11A New Ashok Nagar , New Delhi  
                 PinCode-110096.
Email         –  bishtsaumya712@gmail.com
Contact No.- +91-9918690531




	Career Abridgement:

	· To pursue my career goal to excel and nurture my spirit of continuous improvement by enjoying and relishing whatever I do.  
· Exposure in implementation of various projects; including designing, development, coding, implementation of software applications.
· I look forward to a challenging, growth-oriented position in a progressive company, where my skills are effectively utilized to improve operations and contribute in organization’s success.




	Career Profile:

	
· Goal-oriented and dynamic individual with an intrinsic desire to succeed in every task undertaken.
· Ability to adapt easily and exceptional interpersonal skills help me perform well within a team and independently.
· Quick learner, highly energetic and motivated aspiring to become a sound and successful professional in the areas of my interest. 
· Good communication and presentation skills along with highly developed inter-personal skills. 




	Educational Qualifications:

	· Pursued DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION COURSE (Java Enterprise with DevOps) from NIIT ( Duration-4 Months) .

	Exam
	Year of Passing
	Percentage
	University/Board

	B.Tech
(ECE)
	2012-2016
	71%
	U.P.T.U

	XIIth 
	2012
	64.5%
	        H.A.L  School Korwa
                  (CBSE)

	Xth 
	2010
	8.2
(C.P.G.A)
	        H.A.L  School Korwa
                 (CBSE)


.











	Technical Skills:

	Technologies
	JAVA , Spring , Hibernate

	Languages
	C , C++, JAVA

	Web Languages
	HTML5,CSS3, JQuery ,JavaScript ,Bootstrap, Angular Js

	Database
	H2 Server, Oracle Database

	R&D Tools
	NetBeans , Eclipse(Mars) and JDK 

	Operating Systems
	Windows XP/7/8/10





PROJECTS:

· Academics Project:


	 Project 1:

	Name
	Ecommerce Portal

	Modules:
	Java, Spring, Hibernate, HTML5 ,CSS3 , H2 server, DevOps ,Eclipse(Mars)

	Duration
	5 weeks

	Description:  Today, ecommerce across the world (including India), is growing at a rapid pace. As more and more businesses are moving towards adapting E-commerce, the software development organizations are looking for professionals who can develop such diverse applications. During the project, I used latest technologies like Bootstrap, Java script, JQuery, Spring MVC with Hibernate, Spring Security and continuous Integration of code developed using Maven scripts to build Responsive websites with light weight components & high Security. In the project on E-Commerce, we implement the various aspects of developing E-Commerce applications. A functioning e-commerce site needs to have various key features like
· Attractive Web pages
· Responsive web pages
· Web pages with giving details of products
· Light-weight or Fast-download webpages
· Security















	 Project 2:

	Name
	Collaboration Platform

	Modules:
	Angular Js, Java, Spring, Hibernate, HTML5, CSS3, Oracle Database, Postman, Eclipse (Mars), RESTfull Services.

	Duration
	 7 weeks

	Description:  In today’s digital age, various collaboration tools exist to help two or more people to reach a common goal. The project focuses on creating a collaboration tool that can be used by multiple people – irrespective of their geographical location. The common features you will find in collaboration sites are
· Job Posting
· Uploading Picture
· Blogs
· Chat rooms 
· Sending and accepting Friend Request.
A collaborative web site helps in reaching an output & accelerates networking effect. The output further gets enhanced valuable over time through contributions. For example in open source contribution, Users build on what others have created, collaborate on new content, and work faster.






	Rewards & Recognitions 

	· Secure Runner Up position in Junkyard competition in UTTKARSH 2014.
· Secure 2nd  in poster and cloth painting in UTTAKARSH 2012
· Always secured one of the position in various ATHELATIC EVENTS in both School and College.







	Extra-Curricular Activities

	· Participated in college technical fest in UTTKARSH 2013. 
· Participated in GD, RANGOLI, ELECTROYARD BATTLE, CANYON CROSS and so on.
· I was always one of the coordinator of “UTTKARSH” and “RENASSIANCE” the   TECHFEST in my Institute, which was a great success.
· I have been a member of Decoration Committee and organizing committee in cultural events of my college.
· Served as House Head Girl for 2 years during schooling. 











	Personal Information:

	Father’s Name
	Mr. R.S Bisht

	D.O.B
	7th Dec, 1994

	Permanent address
	A-616 H.A.L Township Korwa, Amethi, UP

	Gender, Age & Marital status
	Female, 21, Unmarried

	Nationality
	Indian

	Passport No
	N1907167

	Languages
	English, Hindi



