










































1 | P a g e  
 

                VARUN PRAKASH K 
                         Contact: +91 9742356434 | Email: varunprakashk@outlook.com 

 
 

Financial Management | Accounts | Invoice Preparation | P&L Analysis 
 

                          3+ years of experience in: 
 

Financial management | Financial reporting |Accounts Payable | Invoices/Expense 
Reports/Payment Transactions | Accounting Reports  | Budget management | Legal, Tax and Insurance | 
Bookkeeping | Outstanding payments follow up | Journal Entries | General Ledger | Taxation | Finance | Debtors 

and Creditors | Profit and loss Analysis   
 

Soft Skills: Excellent Communication Skills | Team Player | Analytical skills | Patience  
 

 P R O F I L E  S U M M A R Y  
 

» A highly motivated and result driven Finance Executive with experience in handling numerous financial and 
accounting functions including, preparing annual budgets, monitoring key accounts and credit controls.  

» A detail oriented, hardworking finance professional with sound 3+ years of experience in financial 
management, reporting, planning, budgeting, profitability performance, control and accounts which Includes 
International experience. 

» Ability to interpret financial information, monitor cash flows, predict future trends, analyse changes and 
advise accordingly. 

» Expertise in payments, reconciliations, claims and resolving inquiries which also include extensive interaction 
and communication with Clients services and various issuers. 

» Knowledgeable on Legal/Tax and Insurance. 

» Knowledge of working on different accounting platforms/systems like Tally, QuickBooks, Aims and expertise 
in MS Excel. 

» Results-driven, decisive collaborator with proven success in building strong, lasting relationships with 
managers, associates, and customers. 

» Equipped with the ability to handle complex assignments effectively and possess the confidence to work as 
part of a team or independently 

» Effective communicator possessing excellent analytical, logical and problem-solving abilities  

» A go-getter with a never-say-die attitude, can consistently manage a fair share of load and is always 
energetic, passionate, and focused to any assignments assigned. 
 

--- Awards and Accolades --- 
 

» Received “Best Employee” award in 2016 at Trident Insurance Company Limited.  
 

 W O R K  E X P E R I E N C E   
 

Trident Insurance Company Limited   Sept 2014 to Feb 2018  
Finance & Administration Executive | Nairobi, Kenya                                                                                              
 

Significant Highlights:  

» Spearhead Bank Reconciliation, Cash Purchase, Credit Purchase, Purchase orders, Cash Flow, Budget, 
Debtors and creditors reconciliation, Petty cash reconciliation, Invoices, Billing, MIS Reports and General 
Ledger functions. 

» Compile and analyse information in order to record entries, analyse accounts and prepare reports or 
schedules. 

» Entering financial information into appropriate software. 
 

Key Responsibilities:  

» Responsible for Preparing financial documents such as invoices, bills, and accounts payable and receivable. 

» Preparation of bank reconciliation statement to ensure efficient updation of transactions.  

» Preparation of sales, purchase invoice, cash & bank vouchers, debit, credit note. 

 



2 | P a g e  
 

» Performed detailed account analysis and corporate month-end processing and reporting. 

» Involved in preparation of statement of financial position, statement of profit or loss and other 
comprehensive income in the accounting software. 

» Managed and supervised all disbursements and payments to vendors, partners, staff etc. within the given 
timelines 

» Created and maintained the Company's cash flow forecast and budget. 

» Coordinate and liaise with external agents, including auditors, tax partners, legal support and IT. 

» Ensure timely submission of multiple reporting requirements to AKI Kenya. 

» Handled petty cash, prepared the petty cash voucher, material purchased invoices and entered in Tally. 

» Managed several daily business transactions in tally with 100% accuracy. 

» Managed and supervising all disbursements and payments to vendors, partners, staff etc. within the given 
timelines. 

» Completing financial reports on a regular basis and providing information to the finance team. 

»  Verifying balances in account books and rectifying discrepancies. 
 

 

E D U C A T I O N   
 

2012 to 2014     MBA in Finance, SJB Institute of Technology, Visvesvaraya Technology University                                                              
2009 to 2012 Bachelor of Business Management (Finance), Bangalore University  
 

IT Skills: MS Office, Advance Excel, Tally, Quick Books, Aims 
 

Workshop / Seminars / Events:  
» Attended a workshop on "IFRS" in CMS Business school  

» Paper Presentation: Presented a paper on venture capital in national conference on 29th October 2013. 

» Event Coordinated: Main co-ordinator of Finance event in Arnaav-2013. 
 

Project Undertaken:  
» A study on financial statement analysis conducted at Cooperative Bank, Bangalore  

» A study on performance budgeting at HAL, Bangalore 
 

 

Date of Birth: 22nd March, 1991 | Languages Known: English, Hindi and Kannada  
 Marital Status: Single | Nationality: Indian |   

Address: Bangalore. 
 
References:  
» Leo Telles (CEO) | Trident Insurance Company Limited | +254722752524  

» Anand Ranganathan (Financial Controller) | Trident Insurance Company Limited | +254723000888 

 


