



















Capgemini Resume Template

NAME: INSIYA RELEKAR   			903 A- Wing, Vrindavan CHS Ltd, 
MOBILE No: 9769037333 			Padmanagar, Chikkuwadi, 
E-mail: insiya_vohra@hotmail.com		Borivali (West), Mumbai 400092



CURRENT:

Intelenet Global Services Ltd.			From December 2010 till Date
Location - Mumbai					Senior Customer Service Executive


My Profile Includes: -

Ø	Investigate and resolve customer queries and complaints pertaining to UK Train operating companies.
Ø	Reply the customers via email and letters which involves free formatting.
Ø	Compensate the customer as per the guidelines of the Train operating companies. 
Ø	Ensure that the queries are resolved with 5 business days.
Ø	Achieve and maintain the productivity.


PRIOR EXPERIENCE:

Capita India Pvt. Ltd.				From May 2006 to August 2009
Location - Mumbai					Senior Insurance Executive


My Profile Included: -

	To handle Customer complaints related to various Insurance products.

To ensure complaints are acknowledged within 5 working days.
To conduct audits for the team.
To provide training to new team members and colleagues.
To Floor Walk in absence of process leader.
To provide assistance to the Manager and Process leader in ‘Work Allocation’ whenever required.

Achievements:-

	Awarded STAR OF THE MONTH for outstanding performance in the month of July 2008 and July 2009.

Consistent top performer in the team. 
	Successfully migrated a process from UK


TransWorks Information Services Ltd		From July 2004 to July 2005
Location - Mumbai				   	Team Member

Role: 


My Profile Included: -

	Analyzing the financial statements of the mortgagers.
	Comparing current year’s analysis with the previous year’s analysis.

Commenting about the current liquidity position of the borrower to service its debt ligations.
Analyzing the inspection report of the property.
Researching about the property and the market conditions around the property.
	Adhere to productivity and service levels norms


Prudential PM Services India Pvt. Ltd.		From August 2003 to November 2003
Location - Mumbai					Team Member


My Profile Included: -

	Interacting with UK customers and providing solutions to their query on insurance provided by Prudential.
	Guide new joiners in getting them acquainted to the process.



ICICI One Source Ltd				From October 2002 to August 2003
Location - Mumbai					Customer Relationship Associate  	


My Profile Included: -

	Interacting with UK customers and providing solutions to their query on insurance provided by Prudential. 

I was promoted and transferred for the same process to Prudential Process Management Services India Pvt. Ltd., as on August, 2003 as a Team Member


AFFILIATIONS/CERTIFICATIONS:

	Advance Diploma in Business Management - ICFAI


HIGHER EDUCATION:

	BACHELOR OF COMMERCE from University of Mumbai 

(Narsee Monjee college of Commerce and Economics)

