







SHRINATH P.G	                            		Email: pgshrinathmail@gmail.com
	                            			Mobile:  +91-9944774387


Objective

	To have interesting and challenging assignment that would give me an opportunity to prove my technical ability and for professional growth.


Experience Summary
April 2016 to at present -  Currently working as Senior System Engineer at Infosys Ltd., Chennai India.

Nov 2015 – April 2016 worked as Business Associate at Tata Consultancy Solutions for SigSigma Technology,   Chennai, India.

May 2013 – Sep 2015 worked as Software Developer at Cognizant Technology Solutions, Coimbatore, India.

 
Skill Set

	Technology		:	JAVA, J2EE
	Frameworks		:	Spring (MVC) , Liferay
	Databases		:	Oracle, SQL Server 
	IDE			:	Eclipse 
	Servers			:	Apache Tomcat, Jboss
	Web Tools/Web services	:	Selenium ,  Maven/Ant , SOAP/REST
	Client/Server side	:	Html, JavaScript, JQuery , JSP, Servlets. 
	Other Languages	:	Pig Programming(Hadoop)
	Platforms		:	Windows 7/XP/Server2000

Additional Strength
	
· BEST TEAM AWARD For Outstanding performance and valuable contribution (Energy , Communication and Services of Infosys) in financial year 2016-17.
· Got appreciated as a team by Cognizant Technology Solutions as “BEST INNOVATIVE TEAM” for Q3 in IME vertical for the year 2013-2014.

· Have good experience in assisting the team members.



Educational Credentials

Masters of Science – Computer Technology 2010-2012 

Kongu Engineering College, Perundurai, Erode, 7.32(CGPA) 

Bachelor of Science – Computer Technology 2007-2010 

PSG College of Technology, Coimbatore.6.9 (CGPA)

Class XII, 2005-2007

Holy Cross Matriculation Higher Secondary School, Salem, 73.33%

Class X, 2004-2005

Holy Cross Matriculation Higher Secondary School, Salem, 69.7%





Project Details
Project 1: US Customer Portal
Client			: AT &T
Technologies		: JAVA , Liferay , JSP , JQuery.
Database/Cloud 		: Oracle.
	Role			: Worked in Ajile Environment and Developed portlet for different functionalities 
                                                                    using Liferay portal .             
                                                                  Junior Developers and   
Duration		: April  2016 – At present 
Description		: AT &T is a leading Telecom  Provider in USA. This Application serves the customer care agents with the appropriate customer data which is got from different data sources like ORALE , Web Services (SOAP/REST) .


Project 2: Vitality Online 1.5(Advisor and Employer Zone)
Client			: Vitality Health
Technologies		: JAVA, Spring
Database/Cloud 		: Oracle
	Role			: Team member – Application Support Work
Duration		: November 2015 – At present 
Description		: Vitality health is an insurance company based at UK. And this application deal
  		   with quoting an insurance policy. This application deals with advisor and
   employer Zones where in they maintain the customers and fetch the details to do
   basic activities on their . 

Project 3: Dun and Bradstreet–Global Monitoring System and render product
Client			: Dun and Bradstreet (UK)
Technologies		: Java, J2ee, Maven Spring MVC
Database		: Oracle, SQL Server
	Role			: Team member – Application Support Work
Duration		: January2014- September 2015
Description		: Global monitoring system (GMS) applications is under the fabrication of the 
  D&B’s European Reports and Monitoring Notice in various formats. This 
  application is to ensure that the proper fabrication of the D&B reports for the
  customers. The Project also ensures the on time delivery of the monitoring notices
  to the users and analyses the failure reasons for not delivering the notices. 
  GMS and render product is a middleware system which interacts with OSB and
  a part of OSB.

Project 4: Batch Fulfillment
Client			: Dun and Bradstreet
Technologies		: Pig Scripting (Hadoop), JAVA
Database/Cloud 		: Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS)
Role			: Developed Mainframe steps in PIG
Duration		: September 2013- December 2013(4 months)
Description		: This project includes Migration of Mainframe jobs using Pig Scripting.
  I worked in the mainframe steps and also developed java utility used in Pig 
  Scripting as user defined function which is given as input to another job. 
  This Project was developed to completely reduce the MIPS and bring all 
  the existing main frame jobs in open source HDFS.  





Project 5: DNB RTB UK Dashboard
Client			: Dun and Bradstreet (UK)
Technologies		: Java, J2ee, Maven Spring MVC, JQuery, JFreeCharts, Quartz Schedulars 
Database		: SQL Server
	Role			: Coding, Unit Testing – Developer	
Duration		: July2014- December2014
Description		: This project is done with an objective to provide a dashboard of all the applications
                 coming under D&B’s European market. This project includes screens, batch,
   reports. I did batch which gives data from various application to be displayed in the 
   screens. I have also contributed with JFreeCharts for the graphs displayed. 







Personal Details

Date of Birth		: 17-08-1989

Marital Status		: Single

Nationality		: Indian

Languages known            : English, Tamil, Sourastra

Permanent Address	: 33/20, Manickam Street,
			  Shevapet,
			  Salem – 636002,
			  Tamilnadu, India

I hereby declare that the above information I quoted are true to the best of my knowledge.



										With Regards,

										SHRINATH P.G
