













































experience resume

Sasmit Sahu,
Kolkata,


                                          
                
E-Mail   :  sahu.sasmita55@gmail.com
Salt Lake-Ck-274                       


                       
     
Mobile   :  9551329233/8249714440
Objective
A professional position enabling me to utilize my education and experience seeking a position in Information Technology Industry, where innovation and development of new ideas, along with diligence, hard work and action is needed .To pursue a challenging career in Software Developer and to attain excellence as an Information Technology Specialist.

Working Experience:
	Organization
	Designation
	Duration

	Addeco India Private Limited
	Software Engineer
	Feb 2018-Till

	Source Hov Private Limited,Chennai
	Software Engineer
	Feb 2017- Jan 23

	Eminent Mobile solution pvt limited,Chennai
	NET Developer
	Nov 2015- Feb 2017

	Apsys Technologies, Bhubaneswar
	Software Trainee
	 Aug,2014 -Oct,2015.


 Summary
· 3+ years of experience in software development 

· Hands on experience on .NET (3.5/4.0/4.5), ASP.NET, C#, Visual Studio 2008/2010, IIS and SQL Server .

· Rich exposure to System Development Life Cycle (SDLC).

· Strong Object Oriented concepts for software design and implementation.

·  in Experiencedeveloping the web based applications using C#.Net, Asp.Net, MVC, Web  API ,and MS-SQL Server.
· Strong interpersonal and communication skills with an ability to lead a team and keep them motivated.

· Skilled in requirements analysis and project documentation.

·  Able to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical project stack holders .

·  Expertise in current and emerging trends and techniques.

·  Proficient in coding and developing the new program . 
 
Technical Skill Set
· Framework : .NET 3.5/4.0/4.5/4.7
· Programming Languages : C#.NET, ASP.NET, ADO.NET, XML,MVC 
· Web Technologies :  Java Scripts ,Jquery
· Operating Systems : Windows Xp/Windows 7
· Databases : SQL Server 2005/2008/2012 ,PL/SQL
Project #1:( Current)
Title                        : Tiffany  Application 

Organization         : IBM
Role                         : Software Developer
Team Size               : 6
Environment         :  Asp.net,Jquery, C#.Net, SQL Server 2008
Project Description:

Tiffany Ecom is the famous E-Commerce application of Tiffany. It is a B2C web application which is heart of Tiffany’s business throughout the world (around 19 countries). This web site is multi-lingual based on different country. Users can browse the site and browse the items. Some common operations users perform are listed below:

· Browse items

· Add selected items to “Saved item” list or “Shopping bag”

· Shopping Bag items can be taken for checkout. The checkout process consist of online payment

· Item details can be browsed and emailed to intended recipients

Responsibilities:
·  Understanding the requirements from the Functionality document.

· Develop the  requirement along with  Team and  project Manager 
· Designing various Interfaces as per the functional requirements using Html,Css. 

· Writing Procedures, Designing various Interfaces as per the functional  Requorment.

· Writing Procedures, View according to project requirement.

· Involved in Requirement gathering and design document.
·  Also provide  the  Supporting  in  case of  live  issues .
Project #2
Title                        : KOMODOFCB - REPORTS 

Organization         : SourceHOV Pvt Ltd

Role                         : Software Developer
Team Size               : 4 No
Environment         :  MVC,Jquery, C#.Net, SQL Server 2008
Project Description:
KomodoFCB is web-based application, which provides the user to configure the business rules in the GUI. The purpose of this project is to develop an automated system for managing the business rules in various domains. The system is configurable and generic across all projects. Each and every rule can be configured in the system with minimal effort
Responsibilities:
·  Understanding the requirements from the Functionality document.

· Develop the  requirement along with  Team and  project Manager 
· Designing various Interfaces as per the functional requirements using Html,Css. 

· Writing Procedures, Designing various Interfaces as per the functional  Requorment.

· Writing Procedures, View according to project requirement.

· Involved in Requirement gathering and design document.
·  Also provide  the  Supporting  in  case of  live  issues .
Project #3:
Title                        : DESIGN STUDIO 

Organization         : SourceHOV Pvt Ltd

Role                         : Software Developer
Team Size               : 4 No
Environment         :  MVC, Jquery,C#.Net, SQL Server 2008
Project Description:
SourceHOV organizations process various types of claims with automated manner. The functionality of Design Studio is to customize the business specific catalogues and customer specific catalogues for claim form process. It can able to customize the fields and properties to map with business rules based on customer requirements and business specification. Design Studio provides the generic schema catalogue to various automated claim processing mechanism to pre setup their configuration in order to process their claims in future. Design Studio makes it faster, more generic and/or more specific with rich user interface. 

Responsibilities:
·  Understanding the requirements from the Functionality document.

· Develop the  requirement along with  Team and  project Manager 
· Designing various Interfaces as per the functional requirements using Html,Css. 

· Writing Procedures, Designing various Interfaces as per the functional requirements using MVC 

· Writing Procedures, View according to project requirement.

· Involved in Requirement gathering and design document.

· Involved in creation of stored procedures in MS SQL Server 2010. according to project requirement.
·  Also provide  the  Supporting  in  case of  live issues .
Project #4:
Title                        : Skill and Placement (TNCDW)

Client                      : Tamilnadu govt.

Organization         : Eminent Mobile solution

Role                         : Software Developer
Team Size               : 3 No
Environment         :  ASP.Net, C#.Net, SQL Server 2012
Project Description:
Skill and placement is a Tamil Nadu Corporation Development of Women is implementing the Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Grameen Kaushalya Yojana (DDU-GKY)programme in the state of TamilNadu. Under this programme rural poor youths are given training on placement oriented skills in 40 trades under 10 sectors. In each training course 50% of the candidates trained are from SC/ST, 3% differently abled and 3.5% belongs to minority category. In each category the percentage of women is 50% .The programme is being implemented currently in all the 31 districts across 265 TNSRLM operated blocks.

Captive Employment: Those PIAs or Organizations that take up Skill training to meet internal ongoing HR Needs.

Industry Internships: Support for internships with co-funding from industry.

Champion Employers:  PIAs who can assure Skill Training and Placement for a minimum of 10,000 DDU-GKY Trainees in a span of 2 years So far, the State has Trained 40,079 Candidates and have given Placement for 23,743 for salary above Rs. 6000.The main objective of this project is to trained and placement   the youth and basically for poor family and women’s.
Responsibilities:
· Designing various Interfaces as per the functional requirements using ASP.Net, 

· Worked extensively with Data Adapter, Dataset, and Data reader as a part of ADO.NET.

· Writing Procedures, functions according to project requirement.

· Involved in Requirement gathering and design document.

· Developed web forms in ASP.NET using C# as the code-behind language and  as the SQL data consumer. Used ADO.NET objects  such as Data Adapter, Data Reader, Dataset  for reading/updating records in the database.

· Developed master pages.
Involved in creation of stored procedures in MS SQL Server 2010.
Educational Qualification:
· MCA from from RCMA Bhubaneswar with CGPA 7.8 under BPUT ,Bhubaneswar in 2014

· HSC B.Sc. from V.N College, Jajpur under Utkal University in 2011

· SSLC  from Govt.Women’s College under Council o Higher Secondary Education, Odisha  in 2008.

· HSC from fromP.M Uccha Biddy Pitha in 2005
Personal Details:
Name
                 :   Sasmita Sahu
Date of Birth        :   08.05.1990
Gender

   :   Female
Father’s name       :   Mr. Bhagirathi Sahu
Languages known :    English, Hindi, Odia
Permanent addres     :   Tulashipur, Jajpur, Odisha, 600094

	Current Address:Permanent Address

	Plot No. :24/26 

                                                           At: Jugal

Salt Lake,CK-274

                                                                       Po:Tulashipur,        ,Kolkata


                                                            Dist. :JajpurState:Odisha,                                                                 Pin: 700091                                                                                        Zip:755025


Declaration:
I hereby declare that all the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge            
Place
: Kolkata                         




                   

           
Date
:                                                                                                                                                        Signature
