














































CURRICULUM VITAE 

 

Name: SOURAV GHOSH 

Gender: Male 

Address: 550/C, RABINDRA SARANI, KOLKATA-700003, West Bengal. 

Contact No: 8013861609, 8240738219 

Email id: souravghosh9051@gmail.com 

Date of Birth: 25 April 1994 

 

Educational Qualifications 

Qualification Year of 
completion 

School/ College Board/University Percentage 
of Marks 

Secondary 2009 Baranagore 
Ramakrishna 
Mission Ashrama 
High School 

West Bengal Board of 
Secondary Education 
(WBBSE) 

83.75% 

Higher 
Secondary 

2011 Hare School West Bengal Council of 
Higher Secondary 
Education (WBCHSE) 

82% 

B.Sc. 
(Statistics) 

2015 Asutosh College, 
Kolkata 

University of Calcutta 51% 

M.Sc. 
(Statistics) 

2018  Ballygunge 
Science College 

University of Calcutta 51.3% 

 

 

 

 



 Objective:  Looking for a challenging career, which demands the best of my 
professional ability in terms of technical and analytical skills, and helps me in 
broadening and enhancing my current skill and knowledge for better future. 
 

 Area of preference: Regression analysis, Testing of hypothesis, Time series. 
 

 Computer Skills:  MS Excel, Power Point, MS Word. 

 Advanced:  R programming, Minitab, C Programming. 

 Languages known: English, Bengali, Hindi. 
 

 Extra curriculum: 
 GAMES:  Football, Cricket, Chess, Table tennis. 
 Others: Playing guitar, Drawing. 
 

 Project: 
 

 Name: Price of gold in India. 
 

 Details: Quite frequently in the morning newspaper, we come across the issue of 

rise in gold prices in India. Moreover, in the past few years, there has been an 

abrupt increase in gold prices. Since gold behaves less like a commodity than 

long-lived assets, such as stocks or bonds, it can be treated as a currency and 

thus, knowing its future value can be very useful. This has evoked in us, the 

curiosity of learning the nature of this increase and as well as predicting the 
future value of gold. 

The price of gold depends on the market’s psychological perception of the value 
of gold, which in turn depends on a myriad of interrelated variables, such as the 
foreign exchange rate, the amount of gold reserves in the RBI, the inflation rates, 
political turmoil, etc. 

In this project, we have tried to forecast the weekly gold prices for 2016, using 
three distinct approaches: 

Approach-I:    Classical decomposition of a time-series. 

Approach-II:   Winter is exponential smoothing technique. 

Approach-III:  Regression mode. 

 

 Declaration: 
 I hereby declare that all the information given above is true to the best of my 
knowledge. 
 
 
 

Signature: SOURAV GHOSH                                     Date: 25th JULY, 2018                          

Place: Kolkata 


