



















































Application for the Post: Trainee / Fresher
Reference:


G. PRABHANJAN REDDY
Plot No.41, Citizen’s Colony, Seri Lingampally-PO, Hyderabad –500019, Telangana, India                      Email: prabhanjanreddy001@gmail.com, Mob: +91 8686808514, +91 9963430379                                 
	
Career Objective

Looking for a career which demands the best of my professional ability in terms of technical and analytical skills, and helps me in broadening and enhancing my current skills and knowledge.

Synopsis

A fresher with B. Tech Degree in Computer Science & Engineering(CSE) from Joginpally BR Engineering College (JBIT Group) of Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University(JNTU), Hyderabad. 

Profile

· Good knowledge in HTML, Programming C and Java(Core&Advanced)
· Analytical thinking, Good at problem solving and excellent in maintaining interpersonal relationship
· Good communication skills
· Willingness to work in a highly dynamic environment and ready to take up challenging works
· Well Organized Team Player

Educational Qualification

	
Degree
	
Board/University
	
School/College
	
Year of passing
	
Percentage
of Marks

	Bachelor of Technology
(CSE)
	Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University,Hyd
	Joginpally B.R Engineering College(JBIT)
Hyd.
	
2017
	
67.9%

	
Intermediate
(10+2)
	Board of Intermediate Education, Hyd(AP)
	
Narayana Junior College
Hyd.
	
2013
	
85.4%

	
10th standard
SSC

	
Secondary School Education, Hyd(AP)
	
Rao’s High School
Hyd.
	
2011
	
89.5%






Software Skills

Languages & Skills		C, Java,PHP
Operating Systems		Windows XP, 7, 8.
Web Technologies                 HTML, JavaScript
Databases                               MySQL, SQL Server

Professional Training

Certified in Core & Advance Java in 2015 from Sathya Technologies, Hyderabad.

Academic Projects

Cost-effective Authentic and Anonymous Data Sharing with Forward Security
· Analyzed the Identity-based (ID-based) cryptosystem technique that is being used for data sharing by providing forward security in legacy cloud storage systems
· Designed an enhanced Identity-based (ID-based) ring signature mechanism which eliminates the process of costly certificate verification in the current system
· Worked on the modules to modify the framework of the system using JAVA/J2EE and MYSQL

Guaranteed Quality of Service in Cloud Computing Using Dynamic Virtual Cloud Service Providers 
· This is a technique that help in detecting reputation based attacks and allowing users to effectively identify trustworthy cloud services. 
· We introduce a credibility model that not only identifies misleading trust feedbacks from collusion attacks but also detects Sybil attacks no matter these attacks take place in a long or short period of time 
· Worked on the modules to modify the framework of the system using JAVA/J2EE and MYSQL 

Fields of Interest

· Software Engineering
· App Designing and programming

Co-Curricular Activities

· Participated in INNOSTRUCSE 14.0 Technical workshop which was conducted by Joginpally BR Engineering College in Mar,2014
· Participated in EDU-Cloud program which was conducted by Microsoft in Joginpally B.R Engineering College in Mar-Jun,2016

Extra-Curricular Activities

· Volunteer for Blood donation camp
· Active member in social activities
· Travelling and exploring new places
· Good in Sports i.e. Volley ball, Cricket

Strengths

· A good team player
· Willingness to learn
· Positive attitude towards life
· Strong commitment and dedication towards work
· Hardworking nature
· Ability to learn quickly 

Personal Details

Name                                      :  Mr.G. Prabhanjan Reddy
Father's Name			:  Dr.G. Changala Reddy
Date of Birth		            :  15-10-1995
Sex				:  Male
Marital Status			:  Single
Nationality & Religion           :  Indian, Hindu
Languages known		:  English, Hindi and Telugu
Passport validity                     :  upto 05.09.2026

Reference:

Mr M.Venunath B.Tech, M.Tech, Asst.Professor
E.mail: tovenunath@gmail.com, Mob: +91-91770 69129, 
Dept.of Computer Sci & Engg, Joginpally BR Engg. College (Affiliated to JNTU, Hyd), Bhaskar Nagar (Post), Moinabad (Mandal), RR. Dist.-500075, Telangana, India

      Thanking you and waiting for your positive response
Declaration
I do hereby declare that the information mentioned above is true to the best of my knowledge Yours Sincerely

(Prabhanjan Reddy G) 
Place: Hyderabad
Date: 06.11.2017                                                                                                                      
