
















































Namita Jena
Flat No-103, 1st Floor
Block-J13, Sukhobristi Apartments
Shapoorji Pallonji
Kolkata-700135, West Bengal
Mobile No: +91 8232955572
                   +91 8895523043
E-mail: nami.jena94@gmail.com

CAREER OBJECTIVE: 

Seeking professional environment where I can utilize my skills and experience with constructive efforts to achieve personal and organizational goal with righteous attitude towards learning professional skills for Business and Clinical Research Management.

CAREER EXPERIENCE

2.1 years of experience in the field of Clinical Data Management for conduct activities for the project.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

Cognizant Technology Solutions
Junior Data Analyst – Clinical Data Management (July 2016 - till date)

JOB ROLE:

· Currently working as Junior Data Analyst performing Clinical data management activities.
· Working on clinical trial study on Immunology.

Clinical Data Management Role: (July 2016 - till date)

· Responsible for discrepancy management and data reconciliation across EDC.
· Raise manual queries in the system and ensure timely closure with in TAT.
· Working on Multiple databases: Rave, LSH and Spot fire etc.
· Ensure assigned studies achieve timely database lock.
· Execute Data Management activities viz. Data cleaning, Validating Manual & System Checks, and Update relevant trackers.
· Working on various regular & ad hoc reports as per client requirements.
· Ensure adherence to Cognizant and Client SOPs (Standard Operating Procedures).
· Responsible for performing external data reconciliation.
· Utilize logic and reasoning to identify misfiring edit checks, which are not working and troubleshooting them and solve data related issues.
· 100% compliance to timely completion of the client and cognizant required trainings.

EDUCATION

	Qualification
	Name of Board/ University
	Year of Passing
	Aggregate CGPA / %

	B. Pharm
	Biju Patnaik University of Technology (BPUT)
	2016
	8.49

	+2 Sc.
	Council of Higher Secondary Education, Orissa
	2011
	60.16

	10th 
	Board of Secondary Education, Orissa
	2009
	81.83



TECHNICAL SKILLS

· Medidata Rave 5.6.4, Life Science Hub (LSH), Edit Check Engine (ECE), DS Hub, Trial manager, Spot fire, Citrix.
· Basic Knowledge of computer applications like MS Excel, Word, PowerPoint. Completed PGDCA from LCC in year 2016 with certification.

PERSONAL SKILLS	

· Good communication skills and sincerity
· Willingness to learn new things, team facilitator and smart working
· Self-motivated

ACHEIVEMENTS:

· I have achieved database lock for 2 studies successfully.
· I have also appreciated by my Team lead for a good team player.
 
PERSONAL PARTICULARS:

Date of Birth: 12th Feb, 1994
Gender: Female
Nationality: Indian
Religion: Hindu
Conversant in: English, Hindi and Odia.
Hobbies: Cooking, Internet Browsing, Listening Music & helping others.

DECLARATION:

I do hereby declare that the above statements made by me are true to the best of my knowledge and belief and I look for a chance to prove my competency and worth.




Place: Kolkata									Namita Jena
Date: September 26, 2018
