












































                                     K.Saicharan

                                           
                                                  H-No:9-2-699 Regimental Bazar

                                            
                                                           Secunderabad, Telangana

                Mobile:9701456876

Email: saicharan.kataram20@gmail.com
Seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities in the Information Technology Industry that offers professional growth while being resourceful, innovative and flexible.
Technical Support Engineer(Product Support)  
Profile at a Glance:
· Overall experience of 2.6 years in the Technical Support.

· Working on ERP Solution. The Comprehensive Automation Suit for educational institutes.
Education
B.Tech- Computer Science Engineering, from JNTU-HYD, 2013.
Professional Experience
· Currently working as a Technical Support Engineer in Volksoft Technologies Pvt Ltd, Hyderabad, Since July 2016 to Till Date.
Technical Skills:
Operating Systems
:
Windows,Linux & Mac.

Documentation Tools
:
MS Word & MS Excel.

Presentation Tools

:
MS PowerPoint.

Data Base

:
Microsoft Sql Server 2005,2008 R2.

Projects Worked on
Project: EzSchool
EzSchool automates all aspects of the administration and management, providing data capture that take it far beyond being just another productivity tool. Hundreds of institutions completely depend on EzSchool for their day to day operations. And at crunch time such as during the reopening, new admissions, examinations, grading and attendance, EzSchool provides significant time and cost savings by automating most of the manual efforts and reducing scope of human error.

  
Responsibilities:
· Proficient in handling escalated calls and providing 1st & 2nd Level Technical Support to end-users.

· Proficient in handling issues through mails.

· Troubleshoot the problem through remote control.

· Testing the application thoroughly to overcome the issues.

· Logging the defects in CRM and Excel.

· Experience in installation of Microsoft Sql Server 2005, 2008 R2.

Personal Particulars
Date of Birth

:
 20/07/1991

Known Languages
 
: 
 English and Telugu

Gender 


: 
 Male

Status 


: 
 Single

Declaration:
I here by declare that the above-furnished details are true to best of my belief. 

Place:  Hyderabad 

Date:                                                                               

                                                                                                                     (K.Saicharan)
