










































Shiju M Varghese, BCom Computers, MBA Human Resources

SakthiPriya G
HR Professional with 3 yrs of experience as HR Generalist. 

Current Address: 
1/133 Near Govt School, Velliankadu Post, 

Karamadai, Coimbatore, 641104.,
Tamilnadu, India

Cell: 9943606404 
Email: sakthi.mba87@gmail.com

Human Resources professional with a MBA specialised in HR with 3 years of experience, all these gave me an opportunity to appreciate inter-personal skills and team dynamics and also to improve my presentation, Confidence level and communication skills.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Company 2: Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd, - 
Designation: HR Support – Rest of Tamilnadu Locations, under the rolls of Bajaj Allianz Staffing Solutions (Sister concern of Bajaj Allianz General Insurance)
Duration: 23rd November 2009 to till date
Company Profile: 

Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company Limited is a joint venture between Bajaj Finserv Limited and Allianz SE. Bajaj Allianz General Insurance received the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) certificate of Registration on 2nd May, 2001 to conduct General Insurance business (including Health Insurance business) in India. The Company has an authorized and paid up capital of Rs 110 crores. Bajaj Finserv Limited holds 74% and the remaining 26% is held by Allianz, SE.
JOB Responsibilities: 

Talent Acquisition
.  Responsible for all recruitments and Scheduling Interviews from junior level to 

   managerial level, co-coordinating with interview panel.
.  Coordinating with Recruiter / Consultants for requirements at all level.
.  Managing and maintaining Database and MIS of candidates.
.  Hiring candidates from Job Fair / Campus 

.  Negotiation of salary, employment reference checks and issue of offer and 
   appointment letters
Pre & Post Joining Formalities 
.  Processing the shortlisted candidates documents for Salary Fitment.
.  Verifying & Collecting the requisite documents from the shortlisted candidates
.  Facilitating new joinees to complete joining formalities. 
.  Taking updates post joining of the new employees and ensuring the feedback     

   effectiveness 

Induction & Employee Engagement Activities
.  Conducting Induction program through web for the new joinees from various  
    Locations
.   Facilitating training programs as and when informed by Head Office Team
.   Facilitating employee engagement activities in co-ordination with Parivarthan
    team, Organising Office Outing, Various Competitions, etc.
Employee Relation/Communication
.   Responsible for communication of the PMS / TMS system to employees across ROTN
.   Co-ordinating with the TL’s & HOD’s for employees PMS/TMS ratings, maintaining a  

    database 
.   Employee Connect - Branch Visit, One to One employee meet & Employee Interaction  

    Session
.   Handling all type of Employee Queries & other HR policies

Company 1: Quovis Management Consultants 
Designation: Associate Consultant 
Duration: 3 Months (June 2009 to Sep 2009)
JOB Responsibilities:
.  Handles the tasks of headhunting, identifying and approaching suitable candidates for 
   the right profile
.  Recruits, selects and schedules interviews with potential employees required for the 
   organization
.  Responsible for explaining to the candidate about the job responsibilities, salary and  

   benefits of the job in question
.  Co-ordinating with the corporates to get the feedback of the candidates

.  Informed candidates about the results of their interviews
EDUCATION & PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS

Post Graduation:

Masters in Business Administration in Human Resource

Anna University Coimbatore – Coimbatore, TamilNadu
2007 to 2009
Under Graduation:

Bachelor in Commerce with Computer Applications
Sri GVG Visalakshi College for Women- Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh

2004 to 2007
KEY SKILLS 

.  Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to interact with a wide range of personalities 
    and styles, established effective relationships at all levels of the organization.
.  Ability to communicate effectively, both orally and written.
.   Good Knowledge in MS Office Package.
HOBBIES & INTERESTS
I enjoy socializing with my family and friends, I like reading I like going out for shopping and meeting new people. I enjoy going hearing music and watching TV.
I am very much interested in sports, was a University Ball Badminton player during College days 
OTHER DETAILS
Name: SakthiPriya G
Date of Birth: 13th October 1987
Gender: Female
Martial Status: Single
Expected CTC: Negotiable
Languages Known: English, Tamil, Kannada (To speak)
References are available on request.    
I hereby declare that all above furnished Information are true to best of my knowledge.












Regards

SakthiPriya G
