
















































Giridharan S
								E-mail: shiridharan@gmail.com                             
Phone: +91 9790678877

Summary of Qualification
· Working as a Business Analysist in Move Offshore Pvt. Ltd. from April 2017.
· Worked as a Software Engineer with 04 years and 02 months of experience.
· My expertise lies in development and implementation of HMI and Bluetooth Connectivity module in Infotainment domain and also had working experience in TCP/IP stack of NonStop Kernel (NSK) OS.
· Have taken onsite KT  in LG Electronics (South Korea) 
Work Experience 
1) Project 			: LG Low Radio
Customer                 		: LG Electronics
Role			: Software Developer
Tools			: QT and QNX Momentics
Organization 		: PeopleTech Group
Description:
It is a HMI development project from LGE, in that I worked as a HMI developer in Audio module which is responsible for handling audio related services like USB, MyMedia, iPod, apple CarPlay. Most of the work in this project is related to bug fixing.
	Responsibilities:
· Work in audio services of the Low Radio
· Implement the features which are handled by audio service.
· Perform functionality test to check whether the features meet the requirements.
· Worked in LG Electronics (South Korea)  at the time of project delivery for 2 months.
Platform: QT
Programming language: QML and C++ programming

2) Project 			: Polaris connectivity
Customer            		: Panasonic Corporation
Role			: Software Developer
Tools			: Source Insight, GIT and EA
Organization 		: Wipro Technologies
Description:
It is a connectivity module under that I worked on connection service team which is responsible for receiving the request from the HMI like search devices, connect devices, disconnect, etc., and process the request and send it to the Bluetooth stack which takes care the request in low-level operations and send the response from Bluetooth stack to HMI.
	Responsibilities:
· Work in the design part of the connection service like requirements gathering and sequence diagrams.
· Implement the features which are handled by connection service.
· Perform sanity test to check the respective feature meets the requirements.
· Perform Unit test using CPP unit.
Platform: Linux
Programming language: C++ programming

3) Project 			: HP NED
Customer            		: Hewlett Packard
Role			: Software Developer
Tools			: Eclipse, eInspect, eGarth
Organization 		: Wipro Technologies
Description:
It is a networking project from HP; I worked in TCP/IP Stack which runs on NonStop Kernel (NSK) OS. It is a 16 CPU operating system mainly used by Banks for their ATMs and stock exchanges, have customers from world-wide. Most of the work in this project was related to bug fixing.
Responsibilities:
· Work in TCP/IP stack of the NonStop Kernel (NSK).
· Requirement analysis, solution analysis, enhancement, bug fixing and create unit test cases.
· Adhere with the process followed by HP like Reviews, Documentation and Submittal.
              Platform: NonStop Kernel
              Programming language: C programming



Skills 
· Operating Systems: Windows and Ubuntu
· C and C++ programming
· Qt and QML
· Unit Testing using CPP Unit
· GNU debugger
· Crash dump analysis
Education
MCA							2011
M Kumarasamy College of Engineering
Percentage: 8.31 CGPA

B.Sc., (Computer Science)					2008
Sri Vasavi College
Percentage: 66.46%

HSC								2005
Shri Ganga Hr. Sec. School
Percentage: 84%

SSLC							2003
Private
Percentage: 72%
Linguistic proficiency 
· Tamil
· English
Personal Details
Name 		: Giridharan S
Father’s name           : Shanmugam T
Date of Birth	: February 29, 1988
Marital Status           : Single
Address                      : 28, Main Street, Solangapalayam, 
          Pasur(PO), Erode,
          Tamilnadu – 638154
