
















































	ABHAY KUMAR SINGH (SOFTWARE ENGINEER)
Experience : 3+ Years (India)

	Residence  
	39B, Sri Sai Apartment, Sector-71, Noida (U.P) 201301
	

	
	  Phone no. 
	Mobile (IN)
	+91 8882730733
	

	
	   E-mail  
	abhay1989abhi@gmail.com
	








	Objective

	To effectively utilize my knowledge and technical expertise alongside maintaining a persistent rate of learning new intellectual and soft skills.




	Professional and Academic Education

	                                     Particulars
	Institute / University / Board

	Masters - MCA (Master of Computer Application) 71%
	Maharishi Dayanand University Rohtak
	
	

	Graduation - BCA (Bachelor of Computer Application) 63%
	Harlal Institute of Management and Technology Gr. Noida
	
	

	10+2 - (PCM) 73%
	U.P. Board
	
	

	10th - (Science) 58%
	U.P. Board
	
	

	Key Competencies and Strengths

	· 3+ year experience in the areas of Project Development, Execution, Support and Maintenance. 
· Excellent understanding of OOP’s, C#, ASP.NET, ADO.NET, AJAX, JSON, XML, Web Services , JQuery , JavaScript, SQL Server.
· Sound knowledge all stages of Software Development Life Cycle and specifically in the Development/Support areas.
· Using 3-Tier Architecture (DAL, BAL, and UI) to build web portals and Application.
	· Good relational database concepts and strong knowledge in SQL/T-SQL.
· Ability to identify risks and dependencies and plan product maintenance and enhancements
· Quantitative and Analytical Skills
· Ability to multi-task, flexible and work under pressure
· Strong communication and team management Skills
· Result oriented & focused  to achieve targets

	Professional Experience – I

	IBM India Pvt. Ltd. (Contractor on payroll of Softenger India Pvt. Ltd.) 
Serving As “Application Support Engineer”                                                                                                          
From November 2017 till July 2018                                                                                                                           

	Project Title	          : Airtel Africa (IBM FileNet)
Type                                : Java, FileNet, DB2, Oracle ERP, AIX Server 6.1, Windows Server 2008
Company                          : Airtel (Africa) 
Role 	                        : Monitoring / Support/Maintenance
Team member                  : 8
Brief Description of project
FileNet, a company acquired by IBM, developed software to help enterprises manage their content and business processes. The FileNet P8 platform, their flagship system, is a framework for developing custom enterprise systems, offering much functionality out of the box and capable of being customized to manage a specific business process.

	Responsibilities: As an Application Support Engineer, I am responsible for the following:
· Creating functional documents, technical documents and mock-ups for the application.
· Writing complex functionality in stored procedures, cursors and schedulers using SQL Server.
· Attend client call understand the requirements and update work status to client.
· Monitoring of Applications and Servers.

	Professional Experience – II

	PremTech Media Pvt. Ltd. (Delhi, India)
Served As “DOT NET Developer”
From March 2015 till November 2017

	Project Title	          : Complaint Management System (ERP)
Type                                : C#, ASP.NET,  JavaScript, HTML, CSS, SQL Server 2008
Role 	                        : UI and Code Developer / Support/Maintenance
URL                                 : Offsite
Team member                  : 4
Brief Description of project
This application is developed for NIFTEM University. In this portal full automation system is implemented, user will make there call lock here and get token no. the system will escalate call according to hierarchy. There are three level hierarchies where call will assign and escalate which are admin, manager and user. This application is UI responsive which is compatible with desktop and mobile devices.

	Project Title	          : Mobile and DTH Recharge Application	     
Type                                : 3-tier architecture Web Portal (C#, ASP.NET, AJAX, XML, JavaScript, HTML, CSS and SQL Server 2008 as Back End)
Company                          : Click n Pay
Role 	                         : Development / Testing/ Support/Maintenance
Team member	           : 4
Brief Description of project
This application is developed for Click n Pay. This portal is a B2B mobile and DTH recharge portal. We integrated Cyber plat and SMS Achariya API for recharge based services and Bill desk as payment gateway. There are three level hierarchies admin, distributer and retailer. . This application is UI responsive which is compatible with desktop and mobile devices.

	Project Title	         : School management system	     
Type                               : 3-tier architecture Web Portal (C#, ASP.NET, AJAX, XML, JavaScript, HTML, CSS and SQL Server 2008 as Back End)
Company                         : Daya Public School
Role 	                       : Development / Testing/ Support
Team member	         : 4
Brief Description of project
This application is developed for Daya Public School. This portal is a School Management Application System that comprises each activity and component of school. This application is very appropriate and compound application for every module of the school including Admin, Inquiry, Fees, Scheduling, Attendance, Exam, Feedback, Library, Expenses, Security, & Utility.

	Responsibilities: As a DOT NET Developer, I am responsible for the following:
· Developed Admin, Sub Admin And User Modules
· Written stored procedures, scalar valued functions using SQL in SQL SERVER 2008
· Used Java Script, JQuery for client side validation of web forms
· Extensively used  Grid Views sorting and paging
· Worked on exporting reports to Excel from Grid views
· Deployment of Application on Test and Production Server.




	Personal Details
	Extra-Curricular Activities & Soft Skill

	Father Name
	Dr. Virendra Pratap Singh
	· Participated in various Cultural Activities at intra college level.
· Won 2nd prize in Technical Quiz Event in Techno Management Fest 2011, Hindu Institute Of Management 
· Won 1st prize in Group Discussion in Intra Institute Activity, Hindu Institute Of Management 
· Interacting with people, Blogging, Reading books, Cooking, Drawing, Driving, Playing PC, Indoor and Outdoor games, listening to Music.


	Date of Birth
	July 16, 1989
	· 

	Permanent Address
	SA. 15/221 SS Mithilesh Nagar Colony, Nanhupur, Varanasi (U.P.) 221007
	· 

	
Nationality
	
Indian
	· 

	Languages
	English, Hindi
	· 

	
Marital status:
	
Single

	· 

	Gender:
	Male
	· 



	Availability & References

	References will be made available on request.




	Declaration

	I declared that the above statements are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Date:                                                                                       			                        Place:                                            

                                                                                                   			                       (Abhay Kumar Singh)





