
















































	MANYA SHUKLA
Phone:08587066876
Email: manya.shukla@yahoo.com

	
	

	IBM Certified Solutions Developer for Websphere Portal 8.0 , with 4 years of experience in Java , Websphere Portals, Spring, Webservices development , handled Mobile and Portals projects under Agile methodology.




Education
	

	Qualifications
		B.Tech in Computer Science

	BBD, India, 2012

	




	Languages
		English
	Fluent

	Hindi
	Very Good




	Professional Experience

	Profile
	Four years of professional experience in development with Java, J2EE, Spring, EJB, Struts ,SQL,Webservices and Portal technology. Handled projects of various domain, including Mobile, Banking and Healthcare projects. Worked in Agile methodology. IBM Certified Solutions Developer. Web Sphere Portal 8.0.


	Key Skills
	Websphere Portals with Java/Springs as underlying language.
Undertaken Spring third party training in collaboration with IBM, and Self-pace internal IBM trainings on Struts and Hibernate.

Programming Languages - Java, C, C++, WebSphere Portals

Scripting Languages - Dojo 1.5, jQuery JavaScript Library v1.4.4, HTML, CSS, Unix

Frameworks-   Struts, Springs, WebSphere Portals, Agile Methodology, SOAP UI, XCode

Database - MySQL, SQLite, DB2

	  Certifications
	IBM Certified Solutions Developer , Websphere Portal 8.0
Sun Certified Java JRE 6 Solutions Developer.



	
	

	Career History
	
02/2016 – current
IBM India Pvt. Ltd, India
IT Specialist – Websphere Portal
Responsible for Requirement analysis, efforts estimation process, bidding new RFP, development, testing and implementation of solutions for new implementations and upgrades for our IBM US customer –

United Parcel Services Corporation – OPS portfolio.

1- Responsible for contributing in the development of new module RFC1202
2- Worked independently in coordination with client on new module in RFC1202
3- Responsible for Development and after development support as per client’s requirement extended support in defects phase also.
4- Responsible for project planning, meetings, calls with the client for different aspects of the project.
5- Responsible for effective communication between the project team and the customer. Provide day to day direction to the project team and regular project status to the customer.
6- Translate customer requirements into formal requirements and design documents, establish specific solutions, and leading the efforts including programming and testing that culminate in client acceptance of the results – CIPE Project
7- Responsible for single handedly handling CIPE Project.
8- Responsible for Scheduling Client demo calls. Testing at Staging and QA with the latest code
9- Key projects and modules handled so far include RFC1202, ADMR4, CIPE.. more coming.
10 – Developing Spring Restful Web service – new in this project.


Environment:   Java EE – IBM RAD (Rational Application Developer), Java, Spring, J2EE, Web sphere Portals, SQL, Soap UI, Spring REST Webservice.
Team Size: 10-15

Achievements: 
· Received recognition from Management for contribution to the Account.
· Recognized by client for on time delivery of RFC1202 module.
· Worked on Abstracts and Presentations during Idea/Innovation week and my       abstracts were selected to make a presentation for a larger audience.
· Attended Garage Way – training organized by IBM India Pvt Ltd.
· Attended Agile workshops/training.



	05/2014 – 02/2016
IBM India Pvt. Ltd, India
Application Developer – Websphere Portal
As a Developer responsible for Analysis, development, testing and implementation of customized solutions for new implementations and upgrades for our IBM US customer Healthcare Service Corporation (HCSC) – BAM Application.

1- Responsible for contributing in the development of new module in the BAM application – Multiplan View.
2- Worked on eight development Sprints to deliver new and complex high quality solutions to clients in response to varying business requirements
3- Responsible for Development Sprints and after development sprints as per client’s requirement extended support in defects Sprint also.
4- Responsible for Sprint planning, Scrum meetings, Stand up calls with the client for different aspects of the project.
5- Responsible for effective communication between the project team and the customer. Provide day to day direction to the project team and regular project status to the customer.
6- Translate customer requirements into formal requirements and design documents, establish specific solutions, and leading the efforts including programming and testing that culminate in client acceptance of the results.
7- Responsible for single handedly handling project- BHS and SS, and successfully delivered the project under decided timeline, client also appreciated effort.
8- Responsible for Scheduling Client demo calls. Testing at Staging and QA with the latest code
9- Key projects and modules handled so far include Multiplan View, BAM - BHS SS, BAM – Quality Enhancement.
10- Assigned as Offshore onboarding coordinator.

Environment:   Java EE – IBM RAD (Rational Application Developer), Java, Spring, J2EE, Web sphere Portals, SQL, Soap UI
Team Size: 5 to 8

Achievements: 
· Received recognition from Management for contribution to the Account.
· Recognized by client for on time delivery of BHS-SS module.
· Worked on Abstracts and Presentations during Idea/Innovation week and my       abstracts were selected to make a presentation for a larger audience.
· Acheived certification for IBM Websphere Portal 8.0 solution developer.

04/2013 - 04/2014
NewGenerationsApplications Pvt. Ltd
Application Developer
Worked on an in-house product ‘Hiring Solution’. This was developed using Spring and Struts framework. 

	07/2012 - 03/2013
NewGenerationsApplications Pvt. Ltd
Application Developer
Worked as iOS Application Developer. Applications developed are available on AppStore, like - Icon ball/Cartoon icon, Milo-Nouns, Fibromyalgia Clinic, iPocket     Foot Reflexology 1.0




	
	

	
	


	
	

	
	

	Personal Details
	



	· Date Of Birth 
	07/02/1991

	· Gender
	Female

	· Languages known
	English,Hindi

	· Postal Address
	14/418,Vikas Nagar,Lucknow,UP(226022).
























	
Date: 14-Aug-2017
Page  of 4
