








	
SAMEER V. GANGAWANE





CONTACT INFORMATION:


Address:
D-3 Flat no-2409 New Hind Mill Mhada Compound Rambhau Bhogle Marg Ghodapdeo Mumbai-400033

Phone:
+91 9773878954

Email:
sameer.gangawane123@gmail.com


Languages Known:
1. English 
2. Hindi 
3. Marathi




PERSONAL DETAILS

Name:
Gangawane Sameer Vijay
Date of Birth:
19th August 1993
Gender : Male
Nationality : Indian
Marital Status : Single



Hobbies:
1. Travelling
2. Listening Music
3. Riding Bikes





	RESUME
Objective : 
To pursue a rewarding career in Business and General Management where my varied skills can be profitably utilized to achieve corporate objective.
Expertise:	
· Analyze Financial Reports and Research Financial data.
· Preserving Quality Report.
· Working on CACW(Corporate Action Workflow).

Experience:	
Company Name: Eclerx Services Ltd
Designation: Financial Analyst 
      
               
[January, 2017 – till date]
· Prepared KYC Due Diligence profiles on a wide range of entity types (Trusts, LLC's, Partnerships, and Corporations)

· Researched and verified the parties involved in suspicious transactions against various database, LexisNexis, OFAC, World-check and Internet searches

· Analyzed client data, documentation and negative news in order to determine Client Risk Profile finding and assessed risk levels.

· Maintained detailed records on clients for second-level review and close working knowledge of assigned investigations and advised supervisors of their progress and any matters of concern.

· Performed appropriate and confidential handling of sensitive information 

· Approved new and existing accounts based on reviews of the client KYC       documentation
Company Name: Tata Consultancy Services Ltd (TCS)
Designation: Senior Financial Analyst
[August, 2015 – October, 2016]
· Analyze Financial Reports and Research Financial data of US and Canadian Companies, (Balance sheet, Income Statement and Cash Flow & Special Industries)
· Releasing precise data by preserving Quality Report.
· Updating “As Reported Financial Data” (ARD) in the tool in the accounting standardize form.  
· Carrying out research on documents like 10Q, 8K & 10K submitted by the companies to the regulatory bodies on a periodic basis as well as calculating  the one-time charges to be paid by the companies like research and development cost, acquisition cost in order to get the pure financial information of the companies.
· Consolidating, Analyzing the Quarterly, Annual, Semi-Annual, and IPO Reports of the companies.
· Responsible for extracting, analyzing & interpretation of financial data.

· Process the financial documents of various companies through different tools.






	
	
EDUCATION AND OTHER QUALIFICATIONS
1. Master in Management Studies – June 2015
[Mumbai University, Maharashtra, India, with 1st class]

2. Bachelor of Mangement Studies–June 2013 
[Mumbai University, Maharashtra, India, with 1st class]

3. H.S.C – June 2010
[Mumbai University, Maharashtra, India, with 2nd class]

Achievements, Certification & Awards :	
· Received Eclerx Spot recognition reward in Quarter I for quickly Gaining the process knowledge and training the subordinates on the same in a very short period of time.
Computer Proficiency :
· Windows Explorer, Microsoft word & basic internet.
· Maharashtra state certificate in information technology (MS-CIT).





I hereby declare that the above information is true to my knowledge.


Date  :      

Signature :





