













































P

THIMMIREDDYGARI SANDEEP 
E-Mail: thimmireddysandeep@yahoo.com
Contact No: 8978977543
Professional Summary

· Having  2.2 yrs of Application support Experience & exposure on  Oracle 10g SQL and  Unix.
· Having Knowledge in UNIX Environment.
· Having knowledge with Business Object reports
· Awareness of ITIL V3 Foundation.

Soft Skills

OLTP			:	Oracle 10G database
Programming		:	Core Java, PLSQL
Operating Systems	:	Windows XP and UNIX/LINUX, WEB LOGIC BASICS

Educational Profile

B.E, 2011-15  	
R.M.D Engineering college, Chennai; 79.9%


Intermediate (MPC), 2009-11
Sri Chaitanya Junior college, TIRUPATHI; 92.2%

Work Experience

Working for Cognizant Technology Solutions, Bangalore, as Senior Systems  Engineer from Apr 2016 to Till Date.

Project #1

 Project Title	 	:  KMBL production support 
 Client Name 	             :  Kotak Mahindra Bank                                                  
 Duration    		:  Apr 2016 to Till Date
 Team Size		:  7
 Role  		 	:  Team Member
 Technology		:  Oracle 10g,Unix and Windows XP




Project Description:
Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd is one of the fastest growing bank and among the most admired financial institutions in India. The Bank offers transaction banking, operates lending verticals, manages IPOs and provides working capital loans. They have one of the largest and most respected Wealth Management teams in India, providing the widest range of solutions to high net worth individuals, entrepreneurs, business families and employed professionals. The Bank has over 245 branches, a customer base of over 8 lakh and has spread all over India.
We are providing support to the applications that belongs to Kotak Mahindra bank. Particularly my team handles the channels suite of applications like Net Banking, Mobile Banking, Finacle applications which are related to financial side which needs 24*7 Support.   

Roles and Responsibilities:
· Working as L2/L3 support team, supporting production, pre-production and QA environments as an integral part of daily responsibilities.
· Deployment/Implementation of enterprise applications and web applications  viz. WAR,EAR and EJB jar files on web logic/web Sphere/Tomcat server.
· Working knowledge on ticketing tools like BMC for defect tracking. 
· Interacting with Development team, Client and application vendors for application bug/ Enhancement fix and raising a CRF/SRF through request system. 


· Troubleshooting application server by analyzing thread dumps and performing root cause analysis in UNIX environment.
· Analyzing DB utilization for time period using AWR/ADDM reports.
· Interacting with different teams for update to date version of os patching/Application.
· Continue to look client requests and ensure they are getting technically rich responses.  
                                                                                                       
Personal Information

Name      		:   Thimmireddygari Sandeep
Date of Birth   		:   18 Dec 1993	
Sex                             	:   male
Nationality               	:   Indian
Marital Status      	:   single
Languages Known      	:   English, Hindi, Tamil and Telugu
Passport                       	:   Available
Current Address	:   flat no-412, oak mont, lakshmiah layout
                                           Ashirvad colony, horamavu-560043
                                           Banglore
,
	
