

























 

Madada Anusha  
2nd Floor, Veda Avenue, Kondapur, Hyderabad 

(91) 8332835374 

madadaanusha@gmail.com 

Career objective 
To have a growth oriented and challenging career, where I can contribute my knowledge and skills 

to the organization and enhance my experience through continuous learning and teamwork  

Experience 
April  2017 - PRESENT 

Wipro, Hyderabad​ - Sr. Associate Analyst (for Client: Google) 

● Reviewing the video content using properties of the EWOQ/ VIACON/ SMS tool 
● Deeper analysis on YouTube content and escalating all type of violations as per the policy 

guidelines 

● Error escalation on Static and live content in YouTube using internal policy Tags 
● Implementing Thumbnail, Video & Monetization policies to review the YouTube content. 
● Proper usage of all the internal policy tags using Y, G, MA, X and CR1 with CR2 description 

& monetization tags AA,BU & BA  

● Escalating all the copyright violations and abuses to the client without fail.  
● Analyzing the content and providing the feedback to the client using YouTube   
● Monetization policies.  
● Monitoring and documenting the critical errors using Google forms for reporting purpose 
● Active participation in Policy sync regarding process updates. 

Education 
● B. Tech. graduate from Aditya College of Engineering in year 2016  with 65 %. 
● Passed intermediate from Siddhartha Junior College  with 72 % in year 2011. 
● Passed high school from Gowtham Model School with 79 % in year 2009. 
● ~90 days certification training in Java from Talent Sprint Institute. 

Technical Skills 
Programming Languages    :   Basics in C, JAVA.. 

Web Technologies      :   HTML,PHP,CSS 

Database     :   SQL 

Operating System                   :   Windows, Mac 

 

 



 

Project experience 
 

DIGITAL PLACARD 

Languages used: PHP, CSS, JAVASCRIPT AND MYSQL. 

O/S: Windows 8 operating system. 

Server: XAMPP 

 

The main theme of the project was to enable the advertisers to post the ads of any category with 

free of cost. So instead of referring any news papers or magazines users just refer this website to 

know the information about rental, real estate, shopping, education etc. There will be an admin to 

verify all the posts that are posted by advertisers. So there will be  no chance to get irrelevant 

information. 

  


