
















































Harsh Sanghani

E-mail: sharsh0702@gmail.com	                                                Contact No: 8097968636

Objective:

	
Willing to acquire a responsible role, which utilizes each bit of the functional and technical knowledge and expertise that could become the significant contribution in the progress of the organization.





Educational Qualification:

	Qualification
	College/School
	University/Board
	Year
	Percentage

	B.E.
	Atharva College of Engineering,
Mumbai.
	Mumbai University
	2015
	65.66 %

	H.S.C.
	Bombay Suburban Grain Dealers College of Science
	Maharashtra Board
	2011
	72 %

	S.S.C.
	St. Thomas High School
	Maharashtra Board
	2009
	87.23 %



Skills:

	Languages
	Core Java, J2EE

	Framework
	Spring (MVC, Boot)

	Database
	Relational (MSSQL), Non Relational (MongoDB), Hibernate, Cache Server (Apache Solr)

	Tools & script
	HTML5, CSS3, Jquery, Bootstrap, Java-script (AJAX)

	Web-server
	Apache-tomcat, Jboss

	Operating system
	Windows

	Other Skill Set
	Selenium Automation Testing




Total Experience: 

· Currently working as Senior Software Engineer in Viteos Capital market Services Ltd., Mumbai from July 2015. 

PROJECT PORTFOLIO

1) Project Title: VEDA – Viteos Economic Distribution Application

Project Name: 		VEDA (Viteos Economic Distribution Application)
Client: 			Viteos Internal
Domain: 			Hedge Fund
Duration: 			July 2015 - Present
Role: 				Developer
Team size: 			6
Platform/OS Used: 		Windows

Technology Used:
	Presentation Layer
	HTML5, JSP, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, JQuery, AngularJS, JQXGrid

	Web/Application Server
	Jboss EAP 6.1 

	Middleware
	Hibernate (ORM)

	Server side Programming
	Core Java, Spring Core (MVC), Spring Boot

	Database 
	SQL Server 2012/2014, MongoDB

	Reporting
	SSRS



Description: 
	
	Veda (Viteos Economic Distribution Application) is an integrated investor processing and economic distribution system. Veda will record and maintain subscription, redemption, transfer, switch and exchange requests received from investors in the hedge funds. It handles the economic allocations i.e. the allocation of an investment partnership’s economic results (profit or appreciation) to the partners’ capital accounts. The system will be responsible for performing an economic allocation in proportion to the partners’ economic investment percentages (subject to other rules as described in the fund’s offering memorandum).

My Responsibilities:
1. Understanding and gathering requirement of new Computation / Module from Business.
2. Analysis and design of new Module / Screen.
3. End to end development of any Module using JSP Servlet and Jquery for User Interface, Spring MCV and Spring Boot for Middleware and Hibernate for Database transactions (including Integration with MSSQL, MongoDB, Cache Server and Reports Integration).
4. Selenium testing wherever required.


Trainings:
1. Trained on MongoDB.
2. Trained on Hedge Fund Business Allocation Computations.

Academics:

1. File Sharing Application using HASBE (Hierarchical Attribute Set Based Encryption) Scheme.
2. Website Using HTML (Hotel Management).


Strengths: 

1. Good oral, written & presentation skills.
2. A high tolerance of stress and enjoys responsibilities.
3. Quick learner with good grasping ability.
4. Action-oriented and result-focused.
5. Lead & work as a team in an organized way.
6. Great time management skill.

Personal Information:

Name                      	:	Harsh Bharat Sanghani.
Date of Birth		:	7th Feb, 1993
Gender			:	Male
Nationality		:	Indian
Language known  	:	English, Hindi, Gujarati and Marathi
Hobbies                  	:	Driving, Music, Trekking

Declaration:

I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is true and correct. 


HARSH SANGHANI
