















































SHIVANI PATEL 

 

Address: 08, Vinayak bungalows, Opposite Satyam status, Prernatirth jain derasar road, 

Satellite-380015, Ahmedabad, Gujarat 

 
Email: spatel.9310@gmail.com, cell: 9998385719 

 

 

Career Objective 
 

Intend to build a career with an organization that provides contributing and challenging 

environment and believe in proactive change, where I can use and also develop my knowledge 

while simultaneously meeting the requirements of the job. 
 

 

Academic performance 
 
 

 Completed M.pharm (Pharmaceutical technology & Biopharmaceutics) from Institute of 

Pharmacy, Nirma University-Gujarat, in 2016 with 7.51 PPI. 


 Completed B.pharm from Institute of Pharmacy, Nirma university-Gujarat, in 2014, with 

7.80 PPI. 


 Completed H.S.C from GHSEB-Gujarat, in 2010 with 61%.


 Completed S.S.C from GSEB-Gujarat, in 2008 with 86.46%. 

 

 

Work Experience 
 
Presently working with APCER Life Science as a Pharmacovigilance Associate since December 

2016.  

 

Current job profile: 

  

 Preparation of different kind of regulatory documents such as Periodic Safety Update 
Reports, Development Safety Update Reports, Addendum to clinical overview.  

 

 Responsible for generation of Line listings from database.  
 

 Maintain awareness of changes to new regulations affecting pharmacovigilance activities.  
 

mailto:spatel.9310@gmail.com
Administrator
Highlight



 Liaise with various teams within office and customers/clients in order to achieve required 
outcomes and meet timelines.  

 

 Build and maintain good relationships across functional units and company affiliates.  

 

 

Industrial trainings 

 
 Work as an intern in Sun Pharmaceutical industry for one month (May 2013). 

 

 Work as an intern in Unichem Laboratories for one month (Jun 2015). 

 

 

Projects 
 

 B.Pharm Project: “Epigenetic mechanisms in Alzheimer’s disease” 


 M.Pharm Project: “Design and development of vaginal film for the treatment of 

Vaginal candidiasis” 


Developed a film containing Clotrimazole using biodegradable agents for treatment of 

vaginal candidiasis which provides prolonged retention in vagina thus improving patient 

convenience and compliance. 


 

Relevant skills 
 


 Knowledge of various guidelines like GVP, ICH, MHRA, TGA, EMA, cGMP etc. 


 Knowledge of software like Design expert, Medchem Designer, Accelerate, SAS. 


 Computer skills such as MS word, MS excel, MS power point, MS publisher, proficient 
in internet research.

 

 

Co-Curricular Activities and Achievements 
 

 Secure 2nd rank in poster presentation at Nirma University regarding “Novel therapy in        
Alzheimer’s disease”  

 

 Represented posters in ENIGMA ELEVATED 2K13 regarding “NDDS: Gastro 

retentive drug delivery system” 

 



 Presented poster on “Vaginal film: current status and future aspects” at NCIP, 

organized by Nirma University. 

 

 Attended seminars on topics such as Quality by Design (QbD), Scope of nanotechnology, 
US-FDA regulatory Affairs etc.  

 

 

 
Personal attributes: 
 

 Passionate about learning new things. 

 

 A highly motivated, hardworking and dependable person. 

 

 Work in such a way that internal and external timelines met. 

 

 My team was awarded as team excellence award. 

 

 

Personal Details 
 

 Father’s Name: Maheshbhai Patel 


 Languages Known: English, Gujarati, Hindi 


 Marital Status: Single 


 Date of Birth: 10th Jun, 1993 


 Hobbies: 
 

Drawing 
 

Travelling 
 

Painting 
 

 Permanent Address: 204, Ganghdhara apartment, b/h Ayush hospital, Vapi-396191, 
Gujarat 


