














































ARUN EDWIN S    

Flat No: D2, V.B Gardens, 

Chembumukku, Ernakulam, 

Kochi -682021, Kerala  

Phone: +918138890212 

arunedwin17@gmail.com.                                                            

                                                                                                                          

 

Career Objective 

 To work in a healthy, innovative and challenging environment, extracting the 

best out of me, which is conducive to learn and grow at professional as well as 

personal level thereby directing my future endeavours as an asset to the organization. 
 

Career Summary 

 3 years of experience as Associate SAP CRM Functional Consultant. 

 Hands on experience in SAP CRM 6.0 and 7.0 EhP and Web-UI. 

 Good knowledge on SAP CRM Base Customization and Internet Sales. 

 Basic knowledge on SAP Customer Service. 
 

PROFESSIONAL EXPOSURE: 

 

Current Company   : Wipro Technologies Ltd.   

Designation         : Project Engineer 

            Duration                  :   3 years 

            Current Location     : Kochi, Kerala 

 

ACCOUNT WORKED FOR     :  Philips Lighting and Consumer Lifestyle 

Employee Suite Name              :  Associate Consultant-SAP CRM Functional 
 

JOB PROFILE: 

 

 Handling issues related to ISA (Internet Sales Application)- Tradelink, a B2B 
customer ordering portal. 

 Worked on Administration, User management, Web Shop Maintenance for different 
sales areas. 

 Worked on CRM Org Structure from Assignment of Users to various Positions to 
work in different SAP solutions such as Trade Promotion Management and Special 

Price Agreements. 

 Fixed pricing issues in CRM by downloading condition records for materials based 
on sales area and customer.  

 Fixed GST tax issue related to Indian sales org where the condition records were not 
getting downloaded via initial load, by identifying root cause related to data 

conversion from ECC to CRM. 

 Worked on Pricing calculation trace and identified the root cause for a discount 
miscalculation issue by tracing user exit routines and the relevant source code in 

IPC. 

 Scheduled a catalog replication job to transfer the material from the product catalog 
to the application server for the product visualization in Internet sales Application. 

 Worked extensively on data download / maintenance of customer and product  



Master data from ECC to CRM system 

 Created query to extract the data based out of more than one table. 

 BDocs processing by replicating changes in Customer and Product master data 
attributes from ECC to CRM. 

 IDocs processing for Opportunity flow from CRM to ECC. 

 Quotation synchronization from ECC to CRM. 

 Sales order processing from CRM to ECC without any errors related to pricing  and 
master data. 

 Maintained tax types and tax groups relevant to sales areas in CRM with respect to 
the tax category and classification maintained in ECC. 

 Extended filter settings for relevant Customizing and condition adapter objects for 
delta and request load synchronization. 

 Uploaded customer relationship data to SAP CRM using Legacy System Migration 
Workbench (LSMW). 

 

ACCOUNT WORKED FOR     :  Philips Health Tech 

Employee Suite Name              :  Associate Consultant-SAP CS Functional 

 
JOB PROFILE: 

 Handling Issues related to Mobile Application, where FSE (Field Service Engineer) 
logs the details of the service rendered to the Hospital equipment. 

 Worked on Mobile application data synchronization from SAP ERP and Middeware.  

 Worked on Ibase trace issues which impacts the FSE while service rendering. 

 Worked on Customer service report issues in Mobile Application. 
 

 

Academic Credentials 

 

Technical Skills. 

 Work knowledge on SAP CRM and SAP ERP. 

 Basic knowledge on SAP C4C, HANA and Customer Service (CS). 
 

 Personal Skills 

 Good Communicating and interacting skills. 

 Goal Oriented individual and leadership qualities. 

 Good adaptability to situations.  

 Good team player 

 Good Team leading skills. 
 

Course Name of the 

Institute 

Year of passing Aggregate/CGPA 

B.E.(MECHANICAL  

ENGINEERING)  

Vel Tech,( Affiliated 

to Anna University-

Chennai) 

2014 8.32 

Class XII (State Board) Don Bosco Matric. 

Hr. Sec. School 

2010 93.4 

Class X (Matriculation)  Don Bosco Matric. 

Hr. Sec. School 

2008 91.6 



Areas of Interest 

        SAP CRM, ERP, C4C and HANA  

        Automobile Engineering 

Achievements 

 Achieved Victory Badge for GST issue resolution from Service Leads. 

 Customer appreciation for resolving business affecting pricing and master data issues. 

 Rewarded Best Commitment Badge for supporting the entire Application during Month End 
Closures. 

 Responsibilities Undertaken 

 Trained the new joiners on SAP CRM Functional aspects and support roles.  

 Served as the Associate Lead for Philips Lighting in SAP CRM service. 
 

Extra-curricular Activities 

 Zonal level and College team Basketball player. 

Personal Profile 

Name ARUN EDWIN S 

Date of Birth 24 April 1993 

Father’s Name and Occupation Mr. G  Sowri Raj 

Sales Manager in Metal and scraps Pvt. Ltd 

Mother’s Name and Occupation Mrs. K S Helen Martha   

Language teacher in Don Bosco School, Kolathur, 

Chennai 

 

Permanent Address 13A/2, Rajiv Gandhi nagar 5th street, Kolathur, 

Chennai-600099 

Languages Known Tamil, English, Telugu, Hindi and Malayalam 

(Preliminary understanding and fluency) 

Hobbies Listening to Music, Playing Basketball, Dancing. 

 

 

 

Declaration 

 I do hereby declare that the particulars of information and facts stated herein above are true 

to the best of my knowledge and belief. 

 

Place: Kochi                                                                                        Name: ARUN EDWIN S 


