












































Sushant Kumar

PGDBM (Finance) 

Contact No- +91 9717687513 
E-Mail - sushant053@gmail.com, kumar.sushant.bm@gmail.com 

Date of Birth - December 13, 1986
Address - E-2, 2nd Floor, Sector-41, Noida
Permanent Address - Vikas Nagar, Kanke Road, Ranchi - 834008
Work Experience
Value Research India Pvt. Ltd., Noida

Value Research is a leading Mutual Fund Research Company and publishing house. It publishes two magazines- Mutual Fund Insight a magazine on mutual fund and personal finance and Wealth Insight a magazine on stock investing.
Designation: Analyst 

Duration: December 2010 – Present
Job Responsibilities: 
· Data mining from the in-house database of mutual fund

· Analysing the data and identifying the market trend 

· Performance and portfolio analysis of fund 

· Writing trend stories on mutual funds and markets
· Fundamental analysis of companies
Fullerton Securities, Gurgoan 
Designation: Relationship officer
Duration: July 2010 – December 2010
Job Responsibilities: 
· Acquisition of client, retaining through client servicing
· Generates revenue through trading and cross selling of different financial product 
· Analysing portfolio of the client and maintaining them
Academic Background
Post Graduation Diploma in Business Management (2008-2010)

Specialization: Finance

EMPI Business School, New Delhi, Attained 70%
Bachelor of Science (2005-08)

Specialization: Physics with Mathematics
Ranchi University, Ranchi, Attained 63% 

Internship
	Organization
	Religare Securities Limited

	Title
	Understanding the different factors of buyback of share and their effect on the company and stock market.

	Duration 
	May’ 09 – Jun’ 09

	Synopsis
	Understanding the different factors of buyback of share and their effect on the company and stock market. 


Certification
· EMPI- HDFC joint certification on Retail Banking.

Technical Skills
· Research Databases: Handful in using Prowess and Ace Equity.

· Microsoft Office: Word, PowerPoint, Excel and Access.
Accomplishments
· Member of “Prayaas” – the EMPI Discussion Club

· Key Member and Part of Skit Competition Durgotsav in EMPI.

· Actively participated in social service activities like, rural camps, outreach programs, cleanliness drives etc

· Won awards in different quiz competition in my school and college.  

