













































Gopinath Cataram


               

NEEL RUPANI 
 
 
Email:rupanineel26@gmail.com                           Contact: +91 8866614754 
                                                                                                                                     

 
 

 
Objective 

To work in Information and Communication Technology and use my expertise, skills and capability to deliver 

results which would bring value to my team and my organization. 

 
 
 

Executive Summary 
 Total experience of less than 1 year  in IT – Support 

 Knowledge of Cisco Devices ,Solarwinds, Syslog, Putty, Net flow , Motadata 
 Currently working in IT Support Operation of Impact Infotech Pvt.Ltd 

 
TECHNICAL SKILLS 

 Network Equipment : Routers (Cisco), Switches Cisco), Firewall(Fortigate,Checkpoint) 
 Monitoring Tools : Solarwinds, PRTG, Syslog, Motadata 
 Routing Protocols : RIP, EIGRP, OSPF,BGP,IGRP 
 Switching Protocols : STP,VTP 
 Putty & Secure CRT Software 
 Vast knowledge of OSI Layer 
 Cisco Routers & Switch :  1800,1900,2800,2960,3750,3650 
 Done CCNA R & S course, 
 Good knowledge in MS Office ( Excel, Power point, Word, Outlook) 

 
 
Key Abilities 

 
 

 Strong understanding of network infrastructure and network hardware.  
 Ability to think through problems and visualize solutions.  
 Ability to implement, administer, and troubleshoot network infrastructure devices, including 

wireless access points, firewall, routers, switches, and controllers.  
 Knowledge of application transport and network infrastructure protocols.  
 Ability to create accurate network diagrams and documentation for design and planning network 

communication systems.  
 Provides specific detailed information for hardware and software selection.  
 Ability to quickly learn new or unfamiliar technology and products using documentation and internet 

resources.  

 Ability to work with all levels of staff within and outside of IT and outside the organization.  
 A self-starter able to work independently but comfortable working in a team environment.  
 Good analytical and problem-solving skills.  
 Dependable and flexible when necessary.  
 LAN and WAN knowledge.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

 
Impact InfoTech Pvt.Ltd, Ahmedabad                                                 APR 2018-Present  
Designation: IT Support Engineer 
 

 Served as resident engineer to IT support at project IT infrastructure  

 Responsible for Implementing, configuration & monitoring Security products. 
 Implementing basic network troubleshooting of routine issues like link slow or down, 
 Giving support in issue like wlan issues, wlc configuration, AP configuration 
 Escalating unresolved issues to relevant department or person, 
 Ensuring local network run smoothly in routine, 
 Vendor coordination when facing issue in 3rd party hardware or software of network, 
 Single deployed engineer among 70 users so also need to provide support remotely of other 

location. 
 Have to look in to both network and desktop side issues or implement new things at location 
 Was also active in ticketing and need to ensure that task should be completed in timely SLA 

manner. 
 Need to monitor LAN WAN traffic on monitoring software Motadata, 

 Analysed project requirements to find bugs and eliminate issues within a timely manner  
 Assisted in monitoring and reporting on website traffic and performance  

 
 

Educational Information: 

 

 

 
 

  
Personal Information: 
 

 Father’s Name   :-   Mukesh Rupani 
 Date of Birth   :-   17thOct 1993 
 Language Known  :-   Gujarati, English & Hindi 
 Marital Status    :-   Single 
 Nationality/Religion  :-   Indian /Hindu 
 Interest & Hobbies  :-   Internet browsing , To search or read new things , Travelling 
 Passport  Number                       :-   N6413553 
  

Declaration:- 

 
 I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is correct to the best of my knowledge and I bear the 
responsibility for correctness of the above-mentioned particulars. 
 
Place: - Mumbai 

 
Date: -                                                              (Neel Rupani)  
 
 

BSC Hardware Networking 
Technology 

Meghalaya 2017 76.02% Dist 

Diploma in Computer Engineering           Gandhinagar 2012 68.08% First 

S.S.C Ahmedabad 2009 75.06% Dist 


