













































  Sangeetha

Ankur Agrawal                         
Phone: +91 9960250682    

  
 
                                Email:a_ankuragrawal@rediff.com

Objective

To obtain a position that will enable me to use my strong organizational skills, educational background, and ability to work well with people.
Summary of Skills 

· Around 1 years of experience in KPO industry and 3 years of experience in account field. 
· Ability to grasp things quickly, analyze and conceptualize new things.

· Ability to take up challenging tasks and working towards making them happen.

· Easy adoptability and accessibility to any environment

· Good Presentation and inter-personal skills.       

Work Experience

· Working with Syntel services private limited, Pune from Dec 2011 to till date.

· Worked with Eclerx services private limited, Pune from Nov 2010 to Nov 2011.
· Worked with Narmada oil Mill as Junior Accountant from Aug 2005 to July 2008.

Educational Qualification
Master of Business Administration (2010) – Nagpur University, Maharashtra, India 

Bachelor of Science (2005) -- Amravati University, Maharashtra, India 
Certification:
· Tally 9.0
Project 
Project 
        
 
 : An analytical study of financial statement of co-operative bank with special reference to Akola Janata commercial co-operative bank limited Akola.
Client

       
 
: Akola Janata commercial co-operative bank limited Akola
Role

          

: Analyst
Period                        

: May 2009 to July 2009
Project Description

Akola Janata bank has completed 25 years in banking sector. They want to know financial status of bank, so by analyzing the different parameters such as profit and loss account, balance sheet, statement of income’s and expense I have prepared the financial statement of bank which help us them to know their actual financial status.
Work Experience details:- 
1) Name of organization

: Syntel services private limited, Pune (India)
Designation


:  Associate

Duration


:  Dec 2011 to till date.

Job profile


:  Working for Street custodian bank for reconciliation process
2) Name of organization

: Eclerx services private limited, Pune (India)
Designation


:  Financial Analyst
Duration


:  Nov 2010 to Nov 2011.
Job profile


:  Working for credit Suisse investment bank for billing and brokerage process


1. To reconciled the trade detail monthly invoices sent by broker.


2. To trained the new employees.


3. To prepare the data for MBR report.


4. Search the trades on DOMAN system and calculate the brokerage.




5. To maintain a rule guide
Achievement


:  Awarded with spot reward award.





   Awarded for maximum number of process improvement suggestion

2) Name of organization

: Narmada oil Mill, Akola (India)
Designation


:  Junior Accountant.
Duration


:  Aug 2005 to July 2008.

Job profile


:  Handling accounts of company.


Maintain daily account of company.


Maintain cash flow management for company.
Personal Details

Date of Birth


:
28-July-1984

Nationality


:
Indian

Marital Status


:
Married
Languages known

:
English, Hindi, Marathi.

Address


:
Sane Chowk,Chikhali





Pune, India
Contact Number

: 
09960250682




