




































Curriculum Vitae

Curriculum Vitae
Bhimana N D Surya Sita Ram Kumar,
Flat No: 403,
Sai Samarth Residency,

Radha Nagar, Sun city
Bandlaguda Jagir,





Email     : sitaram.bhimana94@gmail.com
Hyderabad - 500089.                                        

Phone    : 9652764107.
Profile Summary:
I’m currently working in NTT DATA Global Delivery Services, Hyderabad as Senior Software Engineer from October 2015 till date. I’m seeking a work environment where my existing skills can be utilized and developed further while embracing newer technologies and innovations. 
Professional Experience:

· 2 years of experience in IBM Mainframe.

· Proficient in COBOL, JCL and other Mainframe related Tools for Batch Environment.

· Meticulous about following the processes and adherence to quality.

· An effective Team player with proven abilities.

Work Experience:

Working with NTTDATA Global delivery services as a associate software developer from October 2015 to till date.
Technical Skills:

Platform 


:
Mainframe

Operating System

:        Z/OS, Window 7,Windows 8,Windows 10, XP

Languages

:        COBOL, JCL

Projects Acquired skills
:
TSO/ISPF

Tools & utilities                 
:
VeraStream Tools, Control-M, APPTUNE, Endeavor, SMR, 

SMSHELP.          
                           
Trained Skills
              
:
COBOL, JCL, DB2, IMSDB

Achievements  
· Won Spot Award in the category of ‘Delivery Excellence’. 
· Won Outstanding Contribution Award in the category of ‘Customer Satisfaction’.
· Won EIP (Employee Incentive Program) for several quarters.

· A good number of appreciation mails from clients and senior management for good coordination and for individual contributions.
PROJECT HANDLED:

Project Name
: National Life Group.
Client     

: National Life Insurance Company.
Environment

: Mainframe (JCL, COBOL, Vantage)

Platform     

: Mainframe

Designation   
: Software Engineer.

Experience  

: 2 years (Oct 2015-Till date)
Roles & Responsibilities:
Client: National life Insurance:
· Design and develop/enhance LSW, RPS and Correspondence applications to support new

          products introduced in National Life Group.

·  To work with SMEs (Subject Matter Expert) and Business teams in design of product
           projects and in enhancements related to the application.

· Involve in business team meetings to represent technical team and to help Business
          understand the technical feasibility.

· Create architectural design for system enhancements and application design.

· Involve in initial analysis and in requirement study of creation of the new product
          projects and application enhancements.

· Gather and analyse business requirements and ensure that underlying application
          technology meets both short-term and long-term business needs and that system designs

can adapt to emerging business and technology demands.

· Communicate with Project managers as to the progress of open items and work with

     other developers and stake holders as needed to meet the deadlines as per project plan.
· Document business requirements, code changes, unit test results, system integration test

results, user test results and defect logs.

· Review design, construction and unit test results to ensure defect free deliverables with

          quality using NTT DATA’s proprietary Software Quality Assurance Methodology.

· Manage the development infrastructure, change control, configuration items and application security utilizing knowledge of information resource management.

· Create implementation plan and participate in production deployment meeting.
· Deploy application in various environments like development, system integration, user acceptance testing and production.

· Perform system maintenance and performance tuning to enhance application output to fulfil the Client’s needs.
Contributions:

· Involved in providing Knowledge Transfer (KT) to the team members as required as part of knowledge Management activities.
· Involvement in preparation of knowledge documentations which would be used as references for existing/new team member and also documentation for all the abends and errors faced and their possible resolutions.

Education Profile:
	Course
	University
	Percentage
	Year of Passing

	Bachelor of Technology
	JNTU-H

	82%
	2015

	Intermediate


	Board of Intermediate
	94.30%
	2011

	Secondary School Certificate
	Board of Secondary Education.
	88 %
	2009


Personal Skills:

· Ability to conduct research into a wide range of computing issues as required.
· Ability to present ideas in user-friendly language.
· Highly self motivated and directed.
· Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment.
· Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment.
· Ability to deal professionally with irate customers.
· Multi-tasking capabilities.
Personal Profile:

· Father’s Name

:
B N D SURYA SITARAMKUMAR
· Date of Birth


:
24th Dec, 1993
· Nationality


:
Indian

· Sex & Marital Status

:
Male & Single

· Languages known

:         English, Telugu. 

· Religion


:         Hindu


· Hobbies


:         Watching Movies, Listening To Music.
Declaration:

I declare that all the information that I have endorsed above are correct as per my knowledge.

Date
:
Place
:
 








Signature: (Surya) 

