





















































AASHISH B. MODAK
                                                                                            Contact No:-09823965526
401/C Saidham Society, near Nepturne hospital,               Email ID:- aashish.modak@yahoo.co.in
Shankara nagar Sonarpada, Dombivli (E)-421204.            Skype ID:- aashish.modak@yahoo.co.in.    
DOB:- 09/03/1984.
                                                                                                                                                               
			 
Summary:-

Having good experience of 9+yrs in Talent Acquisition and Recruitments role for BFSI, Steels, Shipping and logistics and ITES/BPO sectors for PAN India and US Clients.
Looking out for mix role as Team Leader and individual contributor. Willing to Travel.
Major Responsibilities:- 
· Good experience on HRSS,SLA and RPO Model.
· Vender management and empanelment for conducting Recruitment drives/Events. 
· Handling attrition rate during ramp up and ramp down stage.
· Strong experience in supporting business process and resolving business issue.
· Strong experience of Bulk and Lateral hiring across verticals PAN India .
· Handled Employee Grievance.
· US Client Account Management.
· Good experience in Stakeholder management.
· Employee Engagement activity like Interaction with new join employees.
· Good experience of Client Coordination.
· Strong experience of Team Leader.
· Strong experience of HR activities in  Branches. 
· Hands on experience of SAP HR Citrix Taleo and CRM.

Professional and Academic Qualification:-
Master of Personnel Management (Full time )from Dr. D. Y. Patil Institute of Management, Pune University in 2008 with 56%.
B.Com in Management from Mumbai University, Maharashtra in 2006 with 60%.

Work Experience:-
HDFC Life Standard Insurance Ltd.:-
Designation:- Associate Manager Talent Acquisition.
Location:- Mumbai.
DOJ:- December-17 to March-18.
Roles and Responsibilities:-
Recruitment:- 
Good experience on Vender Management for conducting recruitment drives/Bulk hiring events for Insurance sector.
Good experience in conducting primary level  interview for Mumbai location .
Handled bulk hiring for channels (Agency, Bancassurance, Loyalty and Direct Loyalty).
Having discussion with hiring managers regarding scheduling and hiring process.
Supporting operation to control attrition rate at ramp up and ramp down stage.
Handling end to end IJP process and maintain track record of attrition and IJP. 
Taking part in rewards and recognition events who has achieved target or completed 5 to 10 yrs in organizations.
Responsible for budgeting and mapping with stakeholders for BFSI.
Good experience of strategic planning with Stakeholders for scheduling interviews for Insurance Sector.
Strong experience in handling of 6 branches, supporting 300+ employees and visiting branches on daily basis.
Hands on experience implementation of HR policies for Corporates.
Taking care of performance management for branches mapped.
Employee Engagement activity like Interaction with employees mapped branches
Conducting psychometrics tests ( GATE & Jombay ) in interview process.
Responsible in Hiring and vendor empanelment for Educational program of organisation.
Responsible for bulk hiring 800+ for year and 40+ in Month.
Reporting to Zonal and Regional HR Head.

Accenture Services Pvt. Ltd.:-
Designation:-Associate Talent Acquisition RPO Level 11(iii)
Location:-Mumbai (Andheri)
DOJ:- September-15 to September-16.
Roles and Responsibilities:-
Recruitment:- 
Hands on experience of various search engines or portals like (Naukri, and LinkedIn).
Good knowledge of conducting primary round of interview and scheduling interviews for PAN India and USA locations.
Strong experience of International and Domestic client coordination.
Strong experience of corporate sourcing and screening for managerial levels from job portals and social sites for Domestic and International client IT Telecom sector.
Hands on experience of hiring in corporate level for PAN India and US Clients for Telecom sector.
Good experience of working on HRSS ( HR Shared Services and Share point).
Good experience of strategic planning with Stakeholders for scheduling interviews for BPO ITES/IT Sector.
Hands on experience in preparation of offer letters, salary negotiations, attrition and on boarding activities.
Good experience of campus/University hiring for Mumbai/Bangalore location.
Good experience on Vender Management for conducting Recruitment drives/Bulk hiring events for IT profile.
Strong experience of implementing and following HR policy within Organisation.
Have good experience in RPO model handling of client service management like SLA’s, RTA ( Real-time Analysis) of team.
Have good experience quality check and recruitment process improvisation with IT team.
Hands on experience of working and pulling out reports from SAP Citrix tool(Taleo).
Strong experience of Team handling of 6 and supporting 1000+ employees.
Handled bulk hiring for 1000+ in year and 45+in Month.
Good experience of Employee Engagement activity like Interaction for team building, Party and fun activities on floor on Fridays etc. 
Reporting to HRO Process manager.

Accenture Services Pvt Ltd.
Designation:-US IT Associate (Subject Matter Expert RPO ITES ) Level 11(ii)
Location:-Mumbai (Airoli).
DOJ:- September-14 to September-15.
Roles and Responsibilities:-
Recruitment:- 
Good experiences of Team management ,Support business process, Review testing and Simulation result, Resolve business issue for US Clients, 
Experience of Account management.
Was responsible for end to end recruitment C2C , H1B  and quality check for Staffing Associate.
Handled various portals (Dias, Career builder, Glass door) for US staffing and IT recruitment.
Good experience in recruitment analysis.
Was responsible for recruitment report generation.
Handled SA team of 10 and supporting member of 40+.
Was part of process standardisation with Microsoft in Redmond.
Worked on VPN remote access server.
Specialisation:- Recruitment and Team handling.

Team lease Services Pvt Ltd.(BFSI).
Designation:- HR Recruitment Executive ( SPOC)
Location :-Mumbai (BKC)
DOJ:- December-12 to September-14.
Recruitment
Strong experience in handing Entry-level to middle level profile for BFSI sector( Sales Profile).
Strong experience of Bulk hiring for BFSI sector( Sales Profile). 
Experience of budgeting and mapping with stakeholders for BFSI.
Good experience in Client coordination.
Hands on experience of lateral hiring in corporate level for PAN India.
Hands on experience in preparation of offer letters, salary negotiations and on boarding activities.
Good experience of conducting Recruitment drives/internship hiring events for Sales and IT profile.
Strong experience of conducting interview of outstation candidate and taking care of their reimbursement
Strong experience in supporting 300+ employees and travelling to branches frequently 2-3 in month. 

Other activities:-
Hands on experience implementation of HR policies for Corporates.
Handled Employee Grievance (PF, Salary, Incentive etc.)
Employee Engagement activity like Interaction with team members for team building, Party and puja arrangements etc.
Tracking of Statutory Compliances audit within organization..
Taking care of PF withdrawals, submission and Audit.
Hands on experience of liaison activity of renewal of Bombay Shop and Establishment act.
Responsible for handling grievances as per HR policy& procedure for Pan India.
Reporting to HR Manager.




Seaways Shipping and Logistics Ltd. 
Designation:-HR Executive.
Location:-Mumbai (Chembur).
DOJ:-September 11 to October 12.
Job Profile:-
Strong experience in handing Entry-level to middle level profile for Shipping sector.
Good experience on Vender Management for conducting Recruitment drives/internship hiring events for Sales and IT profile.
Strong experience of Vendor empanelment .
Hands on experience in preparation of offer letters, salary negotiations and on boarding activities.
Handled Employee Grievance and HR policy for PAN India. (PF, Salary, Incentive etc.)
Employee Engagement activity like Interaction with team members for team building, Party and pooja arrangements etc. 
Responsible for Documenting Personal files of Employees.
Taking care issuing ID Cards, opening bank a/c for new joined.
Taking care of PF withdrawals, submission and Audit.
Hands on experience of liaison activity of renewal of Bombay Shop and Establishment act.
Handled vendors for cafeteria, housekeeping, hotel booking,
Strong experience in handling of 6 branches, supporting 500+ employees.
Reporting to HR Manager.

Goradia Special Steel’s Ltd.
Designation:- HR Officer.
Location:- Khopoli.
DOJ:- July 08 to July 11.
Job Profile:-
Strong experience in handing Entry-level to middle level profile for Steel sector( Sales Profile)
Hands on experience in preparation of offer letters, salary negotiations and on boarding
Employee referral scheme in organisation.
Handled Employee Grievance.
Employee Engagement activity.
Responsible for Documentation and follow up with new Employees.
Responsible for issuing ID Cards, opening bank a/c for new joined.                                                   

Achievement and Awards:-
Started Employee Referral Bonus Scheme to reduce recruitment cost.
Received the Clients Appreciation for closing position within SLA.
Received Award for ideating & improving process for client.
Successful transition for Two Pilot HRO Process.

Computer skills:-
Job Portals (Naukri, Linked In).
Biomatrixs.
Preparing DTP and MIS reports.
Hands on experience of SAP Tool (Taleo & CRM).


Place:	                                                                                                 (AASHISH MODAK)	
					 
