


















































RESUME

PARAG KANTILAL RAIRANA
Mobile:  9820596402.  Residence No.:  022-28970933.
Email:  parag_r22@yahoo.co.in

CAREER OBJECTIVE:
To succeed in an environment of growth and excellence and earn a job which provides me job satisfaction and self development and help me achieve personal as well as organizational goals.

SUMMARY:
Currently working in Virtual scribe field since June 2016. I have also worked in Medical Transcription field for nearly 11 years and Marketing and Sales field for 4 years. Good team handling experience.  Currently, working as a QA at Inventurus Knowledge Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Co. Also, having good experience in doing Radiology and Oncology reports from my previous medical transcription companies.

WORK EXPERIENCE:
VIRTUAL SCRIBE/MEDICAL TRANSCRIPTION EXPERIENCE:
1. 	Presently working at Inventurus Knowledge Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Company as a Quality Analyst since June 2016. My job profile includes auditing the reports done by the physician partners/scribes and giving them extensive feedback regarding the work done by them and delivering error free reports to the client.  I train newly joined quality analysts also. I also attend conference calls with the physicians in U.S. who send us work.
2.	Worked at Nuance Transcription Services company as a Quality analyst from October 2013.  My job profile includes auditing the reports and delivering error free reports to the client and training new and inexperienced medical transcriptionists as and when required.
3.	Worked as a Quality Analyst at Alfa-e-Solutions from September 2012 to October 2013.
4.	Worked as a MT initially and then Quality Analyst at Tandon Advance Device Pvt. Ltd. from February 2009 till August 2012.  My job profile included editing the reports and delivering error free reports to the client and training new and inexperienced medical transcriptionists as and when required.
5.	Worked with Kashi Infotech as an MT initially and then did Direct Upload (DU) from December 2005 to January 2009.

MARKETING EXPERIENCE:
1.	Worked for Lexi Pens Pvt. Ltd. Co. as a Sr. Institutional Sales Executive from December 2004 till December 2005 where I used to approach corporate clients for promotion and sales of Lexi pens.
2.	Worked with Shipping Today magazine as a space selling executive from January 2004 till December 2004.  My job profile included bringing advertisements for the magazine and promoting the magazine.
3.	Worked with Procter and Gamble Pvt. Ltd. Co. as a Field Manager from January 2002 till December 2003.  I handled a team of 15 promoters (product sellers).  I trained them by giving them product knowledge, helped them in improving their communication skills with the customers, achieving higher sales, etc.  I also won the best Field Manager award in 2003 from Mumbai region.

EDUCATION
D.M.M. (Diploma in Marketing Management) from Welingkar Institute of Management, Matunga.
B.Com from Chetana College, Bandra.
H.S.C. from Chetana College, Bandra.
S.S.C. from New English School, Bandra.

COMPUTER COURSES:
1. 	Lean Six Sigma Yellow belt course done.
2. 	MS-CIT computer course done.

PERSONAL DETAILS:
ADDRESS:  B-50, flat No. 2, Anand Nagar, C.S. Road, Dahisar (East), Mumbai-400068.
NATIONALITY:  Indian.
MARITAL STATUS: Married.
LANGUAGES KNOWN:  English, Hindi, Marathi, and Gujarati.
HOBBIES:  Music, reading, sports, etc.
QUALITIES:  Hardworking, team man, regular, sincere, team handling experience, self motivated, and pleasing personality.  Capable of delivering the desired results for the company. Good computer knowledge and skills.

Place:  Mumbai
Parag Rairana
