









































Microsoft Word - MANISH_RESUME


  
 

MANISH FEGADE 
 
 
              E-Mail: manishfegade223@gmail.com                                                  Mobile +91 – 8087976269 

 
 

        
          PROFILE: ORACLE DBA 
 
 
 
 Professional Digest  

 
 

 I have 1 year 6 months of total experience in Oracle Database Administration.  

 Currently working with Osource India Pvt. Ltd., Mumbai, as an Oracle (DBA) since JANUARY’ 2017. 
 Experience working in Oracle 10g/11g/12c Platform, proficient in areas of Database and System 

Administration and knowledge of Linux. 
 An enterprising individual with good interpersonal skills with strong comprehensive problem-solving 

abilities & willingness to learn. 
 
 
 
 
 

Skill Set 
 

 
Technical 
Operating System:  Windows Server 2008/2012, Linux. 
RDBMS:   Oracle 12c, 11g, 10g, MS SQL Server 
Others:  Recovery Manager (RMAN), Data pump Utility tools, TOAD, Net Backup, MS-Office, FTP,                               

VMware.           
 
 
 
 
Functional: 
Oracle DBA 
 

 Installing, configuring, upgrading, maintaining Oracle servers. 
 Managing Production, UAT & Development databases. 
 Creating tablespaces, user maintenance, and database security imposition by creating and granting 

roles and privileges, performance tuning, database refresh.  
 Extensively used DBA Utilities Data pump & RMAN. 
 Hands on in implementing backup and recovery strategies using Hot/Cold backup, Logical 

(Import/Export) or data pump, RMAN. 
 Cloning database using RMAN 
 OHASD Startup process. 
 Good knowledge of RAC. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 



Organisational Scan 
 

 
 

January 2017 – Till date with Osource India Pvt Ltd, Mumbai as Oracle DBA 
 

 
Key Deliverables:  

 
 Monitoring Oracle DB such as Total DB size, free size, Tablespace Growth, Invalid Objects, Locked 

Object, Active/Inactive session and statistics.    
 Managing databases objects & Users management.                                                                  
 Assigning appropriate roles and privileges to users depending on the user activity.                                              
 Refreshing development database from production using export/import data pump utility.                                           
 Creating, resizing tablespaces and adding datafiles to existing tablespace as per database growth.                           
 Installation of Oracle client tools and establishing connectivity to databases. 
 Analysing CPU utilization, memory utilization 
 Look into new alert log entries and checking for any errors. 
 Removing Tablespace Fragmentation. 
 Migrate database data with Dblink feature in different production databases with different locations. 
 Managing Archive logs on production server. 
 Configuring TNS entry in user machine, adding schemas in ACL list and Scheduling jobs in database 

through various conditions. 
 Co-ordination with the client and vendor for troubleshooting issues. 
 Preparing Database Health Check Reports of in house servers and Clients Database. 
 Installation of Mongo Database on windows platform.  
 MSSQL server installation and schema restoration.  
 Perform daily task of dba.    

 
 
 
 
 

Educational Qualification 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

POSITIVE STROKES: 

 
 

 Ability to make people understand and convince them. 
 Ability to produce the best result in pressure situations. 
 Ability to work in team as well as individual. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

Qualification College University Year Score 

BE KGCE MUMBAI 2016 68% 

DIPLOMA S. S. Jondhale MUMBAI 2012 58.14% 

SSC National School MAHARASHTRA 2007 60% 



Personal Snippets 
 

 
 

Date of Birth:   10th May 1992 
 
Linguistic Abilities:  English, Hindi, Marathi 
 
Marital Status:  Single 
 
Residential Address:  Room No.3, Yogesh nagar, Near Hanuman Temple, Jaiwanti Compound, Sec-26, 
 Ulhasnagar-4 
 
 
 
 
 
Declaration: 
   I hereby declare that all the information provided by me in this application is factual and correct to best of 
my knowledge and belief. 
 
 
 
Place: Mumbai                                                                                                         (Manish Fegade) 


