











































SHAILESH KUMAR AVICHAL


                                                             S. PRAVEEN YUVARAJ      
Email  ID : praveensmile1327@gmail.com

Mobile   :  08883193404/09952404337
LinkedIN : www.linkedin.com/in/praveen-yuvaraj-b9b53b63
                                                            
CAREER OBJECTIVE:

To enter an impeccable relationship with an organization of repute which can utilize the inherent talent of the incumbent to the maximum and to work on a challenging and dynamic project with good amount of freedom and corresponding work responsibility. I look forward to work in this particular field of technical recruitment in addition to some greater challenges. I am committed to contribute my sincere efforts in the growth & success of the organization where I work.
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

Over 4 Years of expertise in IT Recruitment. 
Sound knowledge of presales and methodologies and techniques.

In-depth understanding of technology skills and ability to map them to business requirements.

Good understanding of IT Terminology.

Sourcing Screening, and complete verification of resumes.

A Sound knowledge to various recruiting practices, terms, responsibilities.

Intricacies and ability to mound or adapt to the situation demand.

Driving the recruitment function end-to-end for multiple corporate customers across the country.

Handling large-scale top-drawer talent acquisition in extremely competitive situations.

Maintaining and updating a large database of resumes used for current and future job placement.

Counseling candidates on the specifics of a position and assisting there merits. 

Handling candidates interview scheduling according

Enthusiastic, creative team player with strong problem solving and organizational skills
AREAS OF STRENGTH:

Multi-location recruitment.
Applicant tracking System.
Excellent Sourcing
Quality screening 

Good Team Handling skills
Offer Negotiation & closing.

Web-based sourcing/recruitment.

Building Rapport.

Learning agility: Quick learner

Tolerance: Stress tolerance

Critical thinking: Decision making skills

Creating Ideas: Creativity

Positive Attitude: Creating a positive work environment
WORK EXPERIENCE:
1. IDC Technologies Solution India Pvt Ltd - Sr. Technical Recruiter – From June 2017 to April 2018.
2. Br Raysoft Tech Pvt  Ltd -  Technical Recruiter – From May 2016 to May 2017
3. Indus Info Management Solutions - Executive for Talent Acquisition – From May 2014 to February 2016
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
1.   Organization   :  IDC Technologies Solution India Pvt Ltd                                              
        Designation    :  Sr. Technical Recruiter.

        Duration         :   June 2017 to April 2018.

Job Responsibilities:

1. Handling end-to-end recruitment cycle.
2. IT Recruiting for all levels of candidates, from developers to project managers
3. Sourcing of relevant candidates through various Job Portals (Naukri,), internal database and referencing. Social Networking sites such as ( LinkedIn).
4. Scheduling and organizing interviews for the shortlisted candidates by the clients and debriefing them post interviews.

5. Coordinating with Clients & Hiring Managers and Candidate till closure of the position.

6. Head hunting, Recruiting and Mentoring new joiners for our company.

7. Preparing a target schedule and ensuring the same are achieving regularly.

8. Timely communicating and coordinating with the clients & Hiring Managers during various recruitment drives held.

9. Promptly informing the rejected candidates about the reason for the rejections.

10. Successfully handling MIDDLE, SENIOR Positions. Managing strong relationship with Clients

11. Maintaining and Developing Database for Future Requirements. Actively involved in the screening process, especially for the Middle & Top Level Management.

12. Ending regular reports pertaining to the offers released, declined offers, new joiners and etc... Daily/ Weekly/ Monthly.
Clients Handled:  Infosys, TCS, HCL, Wipro , Capgemini, 
2.    Organization   :   Br raysoft tech pvt  ltd.
        Designation    :  Technical Recruiter.
        Duration         :   May 2016 to May 2017

Job Responsibilities:
1. Handling end-to-end recruitment cycle.
2. Understanding requirement in terms of job specification and description.

3. Interacting/Discussing with the HR and Technical Managers on the requirements.

4. Sourcing and identifying individuals within the relevant industry on basis of client requirement using Job Portals, Naukri, Shine, Monster, 

5. Scheduling and organizing interviews for the shortlisted candidates by the clients and debriefing them post interviews.

6. Coordinating with Clients & Hiring Managers and Candidate till closure of the position
7. Head hunting Recruiting and Mentoring new joinees for our company.

8. Preparing a target schedule and ensuring the same are achieving regularly.

9. Timely communicating and coordinating with the clients & Hiring Managers during various recruitment drives held.

10. Promptly informing the rejected candidates about the reason for the rejections.

11. Successfully handling MIDDLE, SENIOR Positions. Managing strong relationship with Clients

12. Maintaining and Developing Database for Future Requirements. Actively involved in the screening process, especially for the Middle & Top Level Management.

13. Ending regular reports pertaining to the offers released, declined offers, new joiners and etc... Daily/ Weekly/ Monthly.
Clients Handled:

· Infosys, Genisys, Congruent info Tech, Kaaviyan systems, Wipro Technologies,, KumaranSystems, Symphony, Mphasis, Smart Point Technologies, Oracle SSI, Ness Technologies,  Altimetrik India Pvt Ltd
 3.    Organization   :   Indus Info Management Solutions
         Designation   :   Executive for Talent Acquisition.
         Duration        :   May 2014 to February 2016.

Job Responsibilities:

1. Handling  end-to-end recruitment cycle from sourcing till the candidate joins.

2. IT Recruiting for all levels of candidates, from developers to project managers.

3. Sourcing of relevant candidates through various Job Portals (Naukri,Hiree,Monster), internal database and referencing. Social Networking sites such as LinkedIn.

4. Job Posting in Naukri ,Monster,LinkedIn Preliminary short listing of profiles by way of screening.

5. Scheduling interview with the Technical panel after the telephonic round.

6. Successfully conducted Walk-in Drives with consistent closure ratios.

7. Coordinating interviews in client location for walk-in Drive.

8. Interact with technical panels in walk-in Drive

9. In-depth assessment of the client requirements. 

10. Screening, scrutinizing and segregation of profiles to suit the client requirements. 

11. Responsible for short-listing suitable candidates against requirements.

12. Preliminary interview of the candidate before sending them to the clients place like 

13. communication skills, technical skills and work experience. Scheduling the interviews of the candidates. Follow-up of candidates and ensure the position is closed within the deadline.
Clients Handled:

· Wipro, Symphony, HCL, Mphasis, Smart Point Technologies, Oracel , Oracle SSI, Capgemini , Ness Technologies,  

TECHNICAL SKILLS: 

· Operating System

: Win Xp, Win 7, Win 8.1 

· MS Office Tools                : MS-Word, Excel, Power Point, MS-Access
· Microsoft Tools

: MS office

· Job Portals
              : Naukri, Monster, Indeed

· Social Networks

: LinkedIn, Facebook and Google plus.

· Programming Languages
: Basics of ‘C’ language.
PERSONAL SKILLS: 

· Good interpersonal and communication skills coupled with high commitment.

· Adaptable to new environments and strong commitment to add value to the organization.

· Highly organized and able to work under extreme pressure.

· Quick to grasp new concepts and the skills to implement them.

· Focused on results and goals orientated.
· Professional, intuitive and analytical in approach to issues and projects.
· Confident and diplomatic when talking to people and Quick  efficient and  very good team player.
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION: 
2013-2015     -      MBA(HRM) Vinayaga Missions University. Salem. – 67 %

2007-2011     -     B.E., [MECH]
Ganadhipathy Tulsis Engg. College, Kaniyambadi, Vellore. – 60%

March 2007  -     H.S.C. [Higher Secondary] NKM Hr.Sec School, vellore – 62%

March 2005  -     S.S.L.C. [Secondary School] Don bosco Hr.Sec school , vellore. – 55 %
PERSONAL DETAILS:

Name



:
S.PRAVEEN YUVARAJ

Father Name


:
C.Sivaji

Date of Birth 


:
03-06-1990

Marital Status


:
Single

Nationality


:
Indian

Permanent Address

:            No - 3, Priyam Cottege, 1st Cross Bharthiyar St ,

                                                                 Shenbakkam, Vellore-632008.

Languages Known

:              English & Tamil

                                                                           Declaration:

I hereby declare that the above mention information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correction of the above mentioned particulars.                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                         Yours faithfully

                                                                                                                                      S. Praveen Yuvaraj

	2
	



