























































Prabu Krishna Subramaniam



Sarankumar K S
kssarankumar@gmail.com 
91-9962609285
Career Objective 
Seeking a challenging position in an organization for greater learning opportunities, to show my enthusiastic and implementing the knowledge gained in real life projects for both personal and organizational growth. 

Career Summary 
Have 1 year of experience in the IT industry. Working in the area of MicroSoft SQL Server.
Working as Engineer-Junior in NIQOTIN since Jun 2011.
Skill Set

Database

: SQL Server 2005 and 2008.

Programming            : C , C++ and  Entry level knowledge in Unix.

Tools


: MS-Office 2003.
          Operating Systems
: Windows
Education

B.E(EEE)     VelTech MultiTech Engineering College, Anna University 
2011    68.3%

HSC
             Govt Hr Sec School, State Board, Tamil Nadu 

2007    70%

SSLC

   Govt Hr Sec School, State Board, Tamil Nadu 

2005    84%

Highlights of Experience 

· Involved in complete life cycle of the project and experience in interacting with client right from collecting requirements to production support.

· Responsible for taking care of enhancement and fix the bugs reported by client.
· Responsible for the quality aspects in code development by my team and me.

· Good understanding of database design, relational integrity constraints.

· Writing and Running DML commands based on client requirement.
· Build and maintain SQL scripts and indexes for data analysis and extraction. 

· Writing code and creating jobs to automate repetitive tasks. 

Experience Details in NIQOTIN
Project Name        :   SCM - Supply Chain Management
Technology Used    :  SQL Server 2005 & SQL Server 2008.
Responsibilities
   

· Understanding customer requirement.

· Writing Queries based on customer requirement. 

· Executing queries and exporting results to Excel sheet and providing it to the client.
· Creating Database objects based on customer requirement.

· Creating and scheduling jobs to run queries in specified time.

Project Description

Business Problem: Supplier relationship management is a comprehensive approach to managing an enterprise's interactions with the organizations that supply the goods and services it uses. The goal of supplier relationship management (SRM) is to streamline and make more effective the processes between an enterprise and its suppliers just as customer relationship management (CRM) is intended to streamline and make more effective the processes between an enterprise and its customers.
College Project Experience Details 

1) Project Name           : Coal Mine Safety Robot 
                PROJECT DOMAIN   :  Embedded System
                SOFT WARE USED    : AVR Compiler, Atmal Flash Programmer

       Project Description   :  Our project focuses for the detection of trapped human being in a coal mine. Also it senses harmful gases, Fire and humidity in the coal mine. This proposed robot system is seems to be an effective solution for the human tracking. It contains the live human detection sensors, poisonous gas sensors and a powerful radio control and communication system. In the time of need the RCV [Remotely controlled Vehicle] will be operated remotely and collects the information through wireless communication system. This system consists of Robotic Unit and Remote Control Unit. Robotic unit consists of Sensor Unit and RCV Unit (Remotely controlled Vehicle). Sensor Unit has sensors, Microcontroller and GSM interfaced together to sense and message the information to control unit outside of coal mine. Remote Control Unit will control the RCV through DTMF. It can move in all directions we need. The mobile user gets status about human availability, fire and poisonous gas.
PERSONAL DETAILS

Father’s name


:
Mr.K.K.SUBRAMANIAM

Date of Birth


:
02.06.1990
Marital Status


:
Single 

Gender



:
Male

Communication Address    

:   
F3 – First Floor, Hari Siva Flats,







L – 769, 29th Street,







TNHB Colony, Korattur,

                                      


Chennai - 600080.

Phone Number
 

:
9962609285, 9994788189.
Email Address

       
:
kssarankumar@gmail.com 
Passport Number


:
K3846807
Declaration

I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge. 

 Date:                      

 Place:                      





(Sarankumar.K.S)




































1 of 3

