
















































Resume of A V Roopa Ramesh


Page 1/4 
 

A V Roopa Ramesh 
 

Hyderabad, India      |      98497-  99532   /   8331-810-711       |      in.linkedin.com/pub/roopa-ramesh       |     roopa.av@gmail.com 

 

Objective:   An engagement that will provide a growth-oriented opportunity in enabling human resource excellence 

by integrating HR with the overall business strategy. 

 

Value proposition:  An HR Business Partner who understands business needs, a go-getter for results, pro-active in 
execution, creative& persistent in approach, and articulate in presentation. 

 

Summary 

 

 HR Business partner with 15+years of experience in  multiple 
sectors, viz:  IT, Aerospace, Pharma, Banking and not-for-
profit 

 Worked in virtual team and international matrix environment 

 Worked with remote stakeholders (North America) 

 Established & stream-lined HR systems & procedures in a fast 
paced environment 

 Designed & implemented HR policies through a collaborative 
approach 

 Designed and operationalized the PMS 

 Talent acquisition for a rapid ramp-up 

 Facilitated  high-growth operations 
K

e
y

 s
tr

e
n

g
th

s  Understanding of technical requirements 

 Adherence to HR Metrics 

 Fast-learner 

 Dealing with uncertainty    

 Empathy 

K
e

y
 C

o
m

p
e

te
n

ci
e

s 

 

 Planning and Operations Management 

 Multi-tasking 

 Analytical and Data Driven 

 Communication skills and Conflict 
Management 

 Stakeholder Management 
 

Work areas 

 Talent Acquisition and On-boarding 

 Employee relations 

 Performance Management 

 Rewards and Recognition 

 Grievance handling 

 Back-end data processing:  Annual salary hikes, 
Compensation Reviews & Variable pay 

 Benefits management 

 HRIS 

 A
ca

d
e

m
ic

s 
   

 MBA (HR) - (Regular) - Osmania Univ - 71% 

 HDSE- (Regular)- 2 yr - APTECH        - 80% 

 B Com - (Regular)- St. Francis College -75% 

 Inter - (Regular)- Loyola Academy - 83%           

R
e

co
g

n
it

io
n

s 
  

  

 District Topper in High School 

 NCC (Air-wing) “C” Certificate in Graduation  

 Glider-Pilot Appreciation Certificate 

 Received Appreciation Award at Infosys  

 
Work Experience  

 Organization Designation Tenure Role 

P
o

st
-M

B
A

 

Jocata Financial Advisory & 
Technology Services Pvt. Ltd. 

Manager -HR Jan’17 – till date HR Anchor (end to end HR) 

Small & Medium Enterprises Consultant Oct’13 – Dec’16 Consulting for HR 

Tara Aerospace Systems Limited    
(* a JV Comp of Tata & Sikorsky 
Aircraft Corporation, USA) 

Deputy Manager-
HR   

Aug’11-Apr’13 
 

HR Anchor (end to end HR) 

Development Sector & 
Entrepreneurship 

Project Manager
  

Aug'06-May'11 
 

Program Execution, Social 
Research and Fund raising  

Infosys Technologies Ltd   Executive (BP-HR) Jul'05 - Jun'06 HR – Generalist  

Matrix Laboratories Ltd  
(*now Mylan) 

Senior Executive-
HR 

May'03 - Jul'05 Talent Acquisition and C&B 
Surveys 

Global Trust Bank 
(*now Oriental Bank of Commerce) 

Junior Executive-
HR 

Oct’01 - Mar’03 Talent Acquisition 

http://in.linkedin.com/pub/roopa-ramesh/21/76b/329/
mailto:roopa.av@gmail.com


Page 2/4 
 

 
 

JOCATA FINANCIAL ADVISORY & TECHNOLOGY SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED -  Jan’17 – till date  -    Manager – HR  
 
A startup fin-tech company which creates IT products for the BFSI sector in the areas of KYC, anti-money 
laundering, compliance, risk management and analytics. 
 
Role:   Manage end-to-end HR needs of the IT startup.  
 

Responsibilities 
 
Systems & Operations 

 Set-up and management of HR policies & 
procedures. 

 End-to-end HR support to employees for all issues 
during their life cycle.(*includes On-boarding, 
Induction, Leaves, Training, Probations. 
Appraisals, Employee engagement, Grievance 
handling, Benefits management, Separations, 
Payroll inputs) 

 
Talent acquisition 

 Manpower planning, Identification of hiring 
sources, vendor  agreements, build strategic 
relationships, streamlining of the hiring process 
including salary finalization.  

 
Interaction and Communication 

 Single point of contact for top Management for all 
HR issues. 

 Advise managers on organizational policy matters 
and serve as a link between management & 
employees. 

 Handle audits & interactions. (ISO, AMEX, Due 
diligence, etc.) 

 
HRMIS 

 Organize data acquisition, structuring and analysis 
of HRMIS.   

 
 

Achievements 
 
Systems & Operations 

 Set up a very agile HR with SOPs in a startup 
environment.  

 Ramped up the manpower from 60 to 120+. 
Reduced HR cost by 20%. 

 Initiated revision of outdated employee 
handbook and co-developed 10 HR policies and 
procedures. 

Appraisals 

 Created a formal hierarchy in place for the 
Software Development, QA and Machine 
Learning  teams to ensure better career 
progression. 

 Created guidelines for promotion and/or salary 
correction.   

 
Learning & Development     

 Conducted a workshop on ‘Prevention of 
Sexual harassment in work place’.   

 Conducted a training program on ‘How to 
handle appraisals effectively?’  

 
Others 

 Aided in the establishment of an open and 
performance based culture.  

 Introduced proactive employee forums and 
communication programs to resolve issues and 
reaffirm the credibility of HR. 

 

SMALL & MEDIUM ENTERPRISES  -  Oct’13 –  Dec’16  -   Independent HR Consultant   
 

 Cargomen Logistics:     For the newly created Organization Structure, Set clarity in reporting relationships, 
Created a system for effective appraisals,   Evaluated & Finalized the HRIS 

 Desicrew Solutions:    Set up HR systems  (Higher education policy, SOPs for Confirmation, Payroll, Leave 
and over-time, Separations);      Resolved employee grievances and compliance issues 

 NICEFIT Careers:   Created the employee handbook 

 First Academy:   Designed training modules and conducted workshops on Presentation skills, English 
communication skills and e-mail etiquette.   

  



Page 3/4 
 

TARA AEROSPACE SYSTEMS LIMITED, Hyderabad  - Deputy Manager (HR)      -  Aug’11 – April’13 
(*a JV Company of Tata Advanced Systems & Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation, USA)           
  
About the company: A green-field project and aerospace parts manufacturing setup of the Tatas at Hyderabad.  In 
this sunrise industry, the challenge was in institutionalizing HR systems and practices, attracting talent with niche 
skills (in Aerospace) and inculcating the Tata culture in the company.  
  
Role:  HR Anchor (end to end HR)  
 

Responsibilities 
   
HR Systems &Recruitment 

 Conceptualize & ensure implementation of 
manpower plan & strategy for the Business Unit 

 Co-ordinate with other BUs for HR Policy design  

 SPOC for both Tata and Sikorsky for all HR aspects 

 Review meetings with top management and other 
stakeholders  

 Ensure manpower at all levels 

 Lead a team of 6 members 
 

Performance Management System 

  Execute PMS Cycle execution at Company Level 
as per PMO guidelines 

 Present the reviews, comments and 
recommendations to Top Management 

 Implementation of proposals,  Computation of 
increments and variable pay. Recommend  salary 
corrections, Promotions and Transfers. 

 Grievance handling 
 

Employee Relations/ Engagement 

 Maintain employee morale & motivation 

 Handle employee’s grievances/ Issues related to 
Business Ethics, Attendance, Sexual Harassment 

 Coaching and mentoring the HR team and new 
incumbents in the company 

 
Secondary (team-level) responsibility 

 Payroll: Identify vendor, streamline the process 
and ensure timely & correct payment 

 Separation cases:   Exit interviews & Attrition 
analysis 
 
 

Achievements 
 

Recruitment 

 Created workforce profile based on multi-factor 
analysis for Strategic HR Planning 

 Ramped up the workforce from 90 to 350+ in 15 
months. 

 Successfully established linkages with reputed 
Institutes for campus placements. 

PMS 

 Operationalised the first time Appraisal system 

 Ideated and executed the training of all Managers 
regarding the Appraisal process and the 
Compensation review.  

 Designed and executed the pay-revision 
guidelines for targeted employee groups as 
needed to compete with market trends, ensuring 
overall internal equity & consistency with Group’s 
policies 

 
Mentoring 

 People’s person – have communicated effectively 
with Leads/Managers to ascertain their needs, 
ambitions; relayed specific factual information; 
provided constructive feedback. 

 
 

Others 

 Created the blue-print for SAP-HR 
implementation 

 Successfully handled cases of Harassment  & 
Ethics 

 

DEVELOPMENT SECTOR              -                        Aug’06  –  May’11                       -            Project Manager 
(Enterprises like:   SATHI, CAP Foundation, Naandi Foundation and Ignis Careers) 
 
Ventured into the sector with a lot of passion and was into Program Monitoring, Social Research and then moved 
to assisting in raising Funds from large Donors of repute. 
 
Role: Building Strategic Alliances, Program monitoring, Impact Assessment reports, Stakeholder management 
 
  



Page 4/4 
 

INFOSYS TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED  -  July’05 – June’06  -   Executive (Business Process - HR) 
 

Role: Manage the end-to-end HR needs of IVS (Independent Validation Services) which is the Testing team at 
Hyderabad 

Responsibilities 

 On boarding, Communication regarding policies 
like: Career progression, ASHI, etc. 

 Employee Relations and Employee Engagement 
(Skip level meetings & Brown bag Lunches) 

Achievements 

 Initiated the post-separation survey 

 Received annual Appreciation Award for work 
done (Employee Engagement)    

 

MATRIX  LABORATORIES  LIMITED (now MYLAN)  -   May’03 – Jul’05  -  Senior Executive- HR  
 

Role: Handled independently the entire recruitment and on-boarding process with focus on Junior &Mid-level 
positions for API & CRAM business (Contract Research & Manufacturing) 

Responsibilities 

 Assist the GM-HR for HR budgeting and Man-
power Analysis. Handle a 2-member team 

 Timely closure of vacancies with special focus on 
hiring of Doctorates and Post-graduates  in 
Organic, Analytical & Medicinal Chemistry  

 Co-ordinate for Compensation & Benefits survey 
with M/s Hewitt Associates. 

 Test the SAP-HR module  

Achievements 

 Got promoted within a year of joining 

 600+ employees recruited over a period of two 
and a half years 

 C&B related:   Market survey  plus fitment: 
- Furnished company’s data 
- Analyzed the final report received from the 
vendor, compared salary bands and proposed 
revision of the salaries of the employees 

GLOBAL TRUST BANK  (now ORIENTAL BANK OF COMMERCE)    –     Oct’01  - March’03    –   Junior Executive - HR 
 
Role:   Responsible for hiring of Retail Banking personnel 

Responsibilities 

 Handled end to end recruitment for junior 
&mid-level vacancies 

 Extend support for Psychometric Assessment; 
coordinate for the conduct of online tests 

Achievements 
 

 Automated Recruitment process  

 Instrumental in hiring and on-boarding of over 
250 Retail Banking employees 

 

Pre-MBA  work experience: 

 Associate - Training coordination at Satyam Computer Services  from Apr’00 to Apr’01 

 Counselor at Spectra IT Solutions for 1 year. 
– Cambridge ESOL 
 

Professional Affiliations 

 Life member of National HRD network 

 Member, Indian Society for Training  & Development 
 
 
Additional certifications 

 CELTA (Certified English Language Trainer for Adults) – University of Cambridge 
 
 


