







































Amey Jay Vaidya

Khan Subhan
Savithry Arcade CHS

Plot no 3B, Flat no 401,


   

  khan.subhan87.sk@gmail.com
Sector-23,




                            Cell: +91 -9664619729
Seawoods (E), Navi Mumbai-400 706



 

Objective: 

“Interested to works in an organization, which emphasizes on growth and excellence. To develop my skills, exploit my abilities, qualification & experience towards the benefit of the organization. “
Career Path:     



Accenture Solution Private Limited                                                  (September 2014 to till date)
Department:    Order to cash (O2C)
Designation:   Senior Associate
Client Description: Kellogg’s Limited – Kellogg is US based FMCG company. We are handling US 

Based client for Deduction issue comes after customer paid cash to the company.

Job Description: (Deduction Analyst):
Responsibilities-
· Performing Accounts Receivable functions in Order to Cash process of Kellogg.
· Verifying customer Bills/Invoices regarding rebates.
· Analyzing the appropriate contract for validation. 
· Coordinating with onshore sales team, regarding the offers and promotions to its customers.
· Booking claims in CRM for allowances.
· Responding to Sales team queries.
Coordinating with vendors and Logistics department for Dispatch related issues and POD.
· Requesting for repayment in case validation fails and Off-setting the Credit entries with Debit entries to nullify the transaction(s).
· Coordinating with audit team internal as well as external.
· Keeping track on coding & resolving SLA to meet the target set by the client.
On job training to new FTEs
· Responsible for identifying and implementing a plan to resolve all discrepancies that arise in the Trade Process.
· Auditing the high dollar invoices on daily basis.

· Publishing Aging report to higher management.
· Strategizing and performing month end activity on closure to meet the target. 
· Analyzing the pending queries with Sales team and reporting the same on monthly basis. 
· Preparing Aged Trial Balance Report and circulating it within the team, for clearing Ageing deductions.

Job Description: (Cash Application Hub)
 Responsibilities-

· Applying the payment received to customer account as per the remits.
· Downloading bank statement from bank website.

· Booking of payment to customer account.

· Clearing of remittance as per remits.

· Doing G/L recon

· Checking customer detail.
Areas of Interest: 

        Capital Market, Mutual Funds & Custodian Banking
      COMPUTER KNOWLEDGE:       Basic computer knowledge on Ms Office (Excel & Word)
Educational Qualification: 
	Year


	Particulars
	University
	Percentage

	Mar-14
	Bachelor Of Management studies
	
	

	
	W.C.C.B.M
	Mumbai
	

	
	        SEM  5 (special studies in finance)
	
	61.28%

	
	SEM  6 (investment analysis and portfolio)
	
	50.00%
grade 

	Feb-11
	H.S.C
	
	

	
	Sterling College of Commerce and Arts
	Maharashtra State Board
	60.00%

	Mar-09
	S.S.C.
	
	

	
	St. Augustine high school. Nerul, Navi Mumbai
	Maharashtra State Board

State Board
	60.30%




Personal Details: 

Date of Birth: 
                22nd October 1992
Gender: 

   Male 

Marital Status: 
   Single 

Languages Known:      English, Hindi, and Marathi 
Interests: 
                Listening to Music, Riding Bikes 
PLACE: Navi Mumbai

DATE:
