













KARTHICK T

#2/3, Srinivasha Temple Road, 8th Cross, Maruthi Nagar, Madivala, Bangalore-58
(Mobile): (0)9916710892 Email: karthick.thanga@gmail.com                                 


OBJECTIVE

Seeking managerial assignments in a reputed organization & to lead a team of professionals, thereby being a productive component of the organization.


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

 Organisation    : Infosys BPO Ltd, Bangalore.                                                  (May 2011 to Till date)
 Duration          : 2th May 2011 to Till date
 Designation      : Process Executive

F&A Banking Process:     
 General Ledger Reconciliation.          
 Roles/Responsibilities

	 Matching the Ledger items.

 Investigation on line items.
 Ensuring corresponding Debit and credit entering are passed.  
 Sending Mails to branch.
 Doing QC on mails and reversal line items for the team members. 
 Handling escalations.
 Attending client calls for resolving the issues.
 Preparing the MOM (Minute of Meeting)
 Maintaining a productivity report.
 Discharged responsibility of Training new Joiners and also conducting refresher training for the existing employees.



Previous Organization:                (Oct 2007 to Jan 2011)

 Organisation    : iGATE Global Solutions Ltd – Bangalore.
 Duration          : 25th Oct 2007- 27th Jan 2011
 Designation     : Process Associate
 
MORTGAGE BANKING

Mortgage Indexing:
All documents needs to be systematically stored to enable retrieval of it in future by keying in the document codes. Documents to be indexed come in either scanned or faxed from various departments. These documents are scanned in batch classes based on the nature and purpose of the document. The batches are then bar coded and indexed based on the priority list. The indexed documents are then routed or stored and released to RIMS for retrieval.

Bank confirmation (Mortgage):
 
 Bank confirmation provides our Business client with accurate and detailed spot balance information, based on a specified request date within a fiscal year. The purpose of a Bank confirmation is to assist business client in the preparation of annual financial statements for odd dates all balance requested for being provided by the client to be pulled manually from the application and recorded in BC. The request which all were completed should be billed and should be faxed to the accountant.

Roles & Responsibilities:
Responsible for work planning and allocation of work on daily basis
To assign loans to the associates in the Team Leads absence
Highlight and correct discrepancies with information that may during the process
100% involved in Production
Actively participate in company wise competitions
To keep abreast of process changes and updates
He would also be involved in providing refresher training sessions and QC if he is the best of the lot
To provide training as and when required and asked for by the associates
To come up with effect training plans to improve process knowledge 
To inform the team of any process updates and document the same
Analysis the quality reports to identify training needs.


KEY RESPONSIBILITIES AND ACHIEVEMENTS

Responsible for solving process level queries
Responsible for posting weekly productivity data
Responsible for conduction daily team huddle
Highest productivity with zero escalation

STRENGTHS
Good interpersonal and communication skills

Hard working and quick adaptability to latest technologies

Proactive and driven by disciplines

Can easily mould in any kind of critical situation 

Self-motivator

Good team player







 
EDUCATION
Academic:
o Masters in Business Administration [M.B.A] (2005-2007)
Anna University, Chennai.
o Bachelor of Business Management [B.B.M] (2001-2004)
Bharathiyar University, Coimbatore.



DECLARATION
I do hereby declare that all the statements made in the application are true, complete and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief



PERSONAL DETAILS

Father’s Name    : Thangaraj
Date of Birth    : 27th March 1984
Nationality    : Indian
Marital Status    : Single
Linguistic Proficiency                            : English, Tamil and Kannada.

