


















































		 

                                                                                                        
RAJESH.RG                                                                                   
Door No: 6/288
Agraharam Street
Gudalur, Nilgiris -643212
Tamilnadu.
Email: rajesh_rg@infosys.com
Email : rajeshrg018@gmail.com  
Skype Id : rajeshrg1 
Phone: +917829553552

CAREER OBJECTIVE

A result oriented HR professional with well-trained experience in the field of Recruitment, Selection, Induction, Employees’ relations. An enterprising leader with the ability to motivate personnel towards achieving organizational objectives and adhering to industry best practices. Seeking a challenging position in Human Resource to gain further skills and to attain the goals of organization aiming at mutual growth.
QUALIFICATION DETAILS 

	
Degree and Year of completion

	
Institute
	
Board / University
	
Marks 

	
Master of Business
Administration
 2009 – 2011.
	
Bharathiar University of Arts and Science College, Gudalur.  
	
Bharathiar University,
Coimbatore
	

71%

	
Bachelor of  Arts
2005-2008
	
Govt Arts and Science College, Ooty.  
	
Bharathiar University,
Coimbatore.
	
72%




ADDITIONAL QUALIFICATION:

· PGDCA (Post Graduate Diploma in Computer Application.)

· DED (Diploma in Entrepreneurship development

· Skilled at MS Office Suite 

· Knowledge of SAP HRMS


ACHIVEMENTS AWARDS & APPRECIATONS 

· Won Spot award from the Infosys for the best performance  for  month of August 2011 and 
February 2012

· Won I Star Award for the best individual performance of the year 2012-2013

· ABCD for best individual performance of the year 2013 

 INTERNATIONAL HR CERTIFICATION’S

· Certified in Leading and Motivation training Module from Infosys ( HAVARD BUSINESS PUBLISHING) – New York 
· Certified in Business Change Development  from Infosys ( HAVARD BUSINESS PUBLISHING) –New York
· Certified in Stress Management from Infosys ( HAVARD BUSINESS PUBLISHING) –New York
· Certified in Developing Employees from Infosys ( HAVARD BUSINESS PUBLISHING) –New York

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

· Currently Working at Infosys as Specialist HR (HRD, ER) from March 2011 to till date.

RESPONSIBILITY’S
	Induction & Orientation & Onboarding Formalities
	Briefing the new joiners about company policies and procedures, leave policies, ensuring the completion of joining formalities (Issue Offer Letter / Appointment Letter, collection of required documents etc.)
Verifying of documents, Updating the complete details of the new joiners, Co-ordination with Technical Team for official Email ID Creation, Maintaining employee personal data  files


	Employee Relations / Employee Engagement
	Addressing daily employee concerns and issues, Developed long term relationship with employees through personal interaction and close proximity.
Employee grievance – acting as single point of contact for all employee related issues, Clarify the employee grievance and various issue/queries on leave policy


	Probationary/Confirmation of employees
	Preparations of appraisal note and send it to Team managers in advance, Process compliance, Preparation & Issuance of extension/confirmation letter in advance and get it signed from the signatory authority

	Performance Appraisals / Training & Development
	Collecting the Performance Appraisals feedback & Make the appraisal feedback meeting useful and productive for the organization and the employee.
 Identifying training and development needs within an organization through job analysis, appraisal schemes and regular consultation with business managers and human resources departments


	Complaint / Grievances Handling  
	Discussions on lack of performance, violation of COC, unprofessional behaviour, breach of integrity , Negative BGV, Dealing with all cases pertaining to return of absconding employees

	Full & Final settlement and Exit process

	Conducting exit interview process for resigned, quit/terminated employees, coordinating for clearance with department.
Smooth exit and issuing experience certificate and relieving letter, Coordinate & manage the full & final settlement.


	Statutory Compliances / Labor Laws
	Strict adherence and compliances with the provisions of various Labor legislations (EPF, ESI FORM- F, MHRDNATS) Registrations & Renewals etc.

	Recruitment Activities

	Monitor the Recruitment dashboard on a weekly basis. Communicates to all stakeholders in the business the status of open positions Selection & screening process of primary interviews for conducting aptitude test, final client interviews assessment and negotiation on various aspects such as salary, role & position offered
Lateral Hiring: Identifying right candidates with required Skill set and experience and make sure that it should match with the requirement as per the job

	HR Administration & Welfare
	Verification of documents and employment screening/background verification of new joined employees i.e. verification report includes: Tenure with the Company, Title of last position held, Starting & ending salary 
 Maintain & Update the Daily/Weekly/Monthly MIS report, HR files and employee information in various reports like employee database, employee CV's, preparing all HR letters and certificates etc.

	Other Activities 
	· Birthdays / Anniversaries 
· Festival Events 
· Sports Events 
· Inter Dept. Events / Competitions / Games / Quizzes 
· Health & Safety Measures












PERSONAL DETAILS:
	Father’s Name
	Rajagopal

	Mother’s Name
	Sathyavathi

	Date of Birth
	12 Feb 1987

	Caste
	Hindu 

	Gender
	Male

	Nationality
	Indian

	Languages known
	English, Tamil, Malayalam, Kannada.

	Hobbies
	Driving, Browsing Internet 



DECLARATION:
	I Rajesh do hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.

Place:  									Signature:	
Date
