

















































Jai Krishan
5F/19, NIT, NEAR MOTHER DIARY, DIST- FARIDABAD (HRY)-121001



Contact: 9717977574
E-mail: jai.bhardwaj99@gmail.com
Career Objective
Seeking a software developer position that will use my technical skills and contribute towards the company's success. To participate in the complete life cycle development process and enthusiastic to learn the latest trends and technologies in the industry. 
Summary
· Have been working in IT industry from past 2+ year on Java technology using JSP, Servlet, HTML, JavaScript, Rest web service.
· Self-motivated, can work on different SDLC phase.
Work Experience: (2+ years)
· Currently working at Novelvox Software India Private Ltd as an Associate Developer (Aug, 2015 to current date).
Technical Skills
·  Languages
 :  Java
·  Technology 
 :  JSP, Servlet, JDBC, Restful web services
·  Project Tools
 :  Log4j, Apache Ant
·  Testing Tool         :  JMeter
·  Databases
  :  MySQL, SQLite, MongoDB
·  Scripting Language  :  JavaScript
·  Markup Language  :  HTML5, CSS3
·  Operating System  :  Microsoft Windows, Ubuntu
Professional Qualification
·  BTech in IT from YMCA University (2015) (With 7.737 CGPA).
Education Qualification
·  12th from C.B.S.E. Board (With 81%).
·  10th from H.B.S.E. Board (With 92%).
Project Summary
	Title: iScreen

	Project Type
	Application Software

	Environment 
	Java, Multi-threading, RMI, JSP, Servlet, JDBC, Apache Tomcat

	Database
	MySQL

	Role 
	Associate Developer

	Team Size
	2

	Responsibilities
	Involved in Designing, Development and Deployment

	Description: This Application is to Record Screen of Connected computers on same network. The Admin part contains the list of connected IP’s on same network and start or stop the screen recording. The Recording can be searched by using IP’s and datetime and watched.


	Title: NAD Pluggable Modules 

	Project Type
	Integrated Development Environment

	Environment 
	HTML, CSS, JavaScript, java

	Role 
	Associate Developer

	Team Size
	5

	Responsibilities
	Involved in Designing, Development and Deployment

	Description: Created Following Pluggable and Reusable Component: -
Grid Feature: - Pagination, Virtual Layouting, Custom Styling, Item Renderer, etc.

Rich Text Editor Feature: - For Writing and Styling of the Text, etc.

Marquee Feature: - 20+ Marquee animation of text and images etc.


	Title: NAD Admin

	Project Type
	Application Software

	Environment 
	Java, HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3, Ajax, Json, Restful web services, JSP, Servlet, JQuery, Apache Tomcat

	Storage
	MySQL, SQLite

	Role 
	Associate Developer

	Team Size
	5

	Responsibilities
	Involved in Development, Deployment and Maintenance

	Description: It's a web based software that provide central access to all NAD modules like User Management, Database Management, Cisco Finesse Server Management are few.


Personal Skills
·  Comprehensive problem-solving abilities.
·  Willingness to learn.
·  Team facilitator.
·  Hard worker.
Personal Profile
Name


:  Jai Krishan
Father's Name

:  Late SitaRam Bhardwaj
Nationality

:  Indian
Date of Birth

:  9th July, 1991
Languages Known
              :  English and Hindi
Marital Status

:  Unmarried
I hereby declare that all the information furnished above is true to best of my knowledge.
Date
Place 










Jai Krishan
