














































                                                                                                             

 +91-7798316926
 +91-8668915404

OBJECTIVES

To work in an organization, which will encourage to work ethically and get best out of me
Achieving the organizational Goals.

PROFILE

Pratiksha is candid with excellent ability as a self-starter & maintaining good working environment within the team. Currently she is seeking for an opportunity to start her career in the field of Sales & Marketing.
She has worked as an intern at leading brands from beverage & hospitality industries. Her passion about people and ability to connect with them encourages to pursue her to work in the field of Sales & Marketing. 

QUALIFICATION


	Qualification
	College/University
	Year
	Percentage 


	M.B.A
	Pune University
D.Y.Patil, Pimpri. 
	2017
	60%

	B.B.A
	Pune University
Ashoka Centre for Business & Computer Studies.
	2015
	59%

	H.S.C
	Pune University
D.D.Bytco Boys,
High School.
	
2012
	
67%

	S.S.C
	Pune University
Y.D.Bytco Girls ,
High School and junior college.
	
2010
	
         68.61%



INTERNSHIP HIGHLIGHTS 
· Dissertation:
      Title: To study the “Sales and Distribution Channel” of Hindustan Coca Cola Beverage Pvt. Ltd.

About The Coca-Cola Company The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE: KO) is the world's largest beverage company, refreshing consumers with more than 500 sparkling and still brands and more than 3,800 beverage choices.
Objective of Dissertation:
The project aims to study the “Sales and Distribution Channel” of Hindustan Coca Cola Beverage Pvt. Ltd. The perspective of this project is to study the channel provided by Hindustan Coca Cola that effect the demand of the product. For this we have to visit retailer in Pune region. 
· To identify the factors influencing buyer behavior for Coca-Cola products.
· To identify possible sources of incremental demand for Coca-Cola product.
Conclusions:

· Maximum retailers are satisfied with the brand in terms of demand of the customer’s preference, in other hand retailers don’t have satisfaction about schemes launched by the company. 
· Due to lack of visit of sales executive in the market, Retail outlets are not getting proper information about all the schemes.
· There is no doubt that Coca-Cola is one of the best market leaders in the field of beverages sectors. It are constantly provides their services to the customers.










· Summer Internship in The Gateway Hotel, Nashik (The Taj)
      Title: To Study The Customer Satisfaction In The Gateway Hotel, Nashik.

   
The Indian Hotels Company Ltd is the Largest Hotel, Leisure and Hospitality Company in South Asia. The company’s hotel business emphasizes the global operation of hotels and resorts in Luxury, Upper-Upscale, Upscale and economy segments. The company’s brand name include Taj Hotels and Palaces, Vivanta by Taj, The Gateway Hotel and Ginger. The Taj Group includes Owned, Leased and Managed Hotels totaling119 Hotels, in 12 countries, on 5 continents with 14423 Rooms.
Role & Responsibilities:
· I use to work as an assistant with assistant sales manager.
· Attain walking guest and explaining them about the services and the facilities.
· Explaining rooms, banquets, restaurant types, packages and rates.
· Overall experience working in gateway was excellent and especially I got to learn about sales which will help me more in my future prospect.

· Small Project:
       Title: Industry Analysis- Desk Research Of Automobile Industry.
· Small Project:
       Title: To study Recruitment and Selection Procedure in Express Inn Hotel, Nashik.












JOB EXPERIENCE 

· HDFC INSURANCE:



Duration: From 22nd November 2017 to 25th April 2018. 
Designation: SDM - Corporate Agency.
Department: Banc assurance Alliances.

HDFC Life (HDFC Standard Life Insurance Company) is a long-term life insurance provider with its headquarters in Mumbai, offering individual and group insurance.
It is a joint venture between Housing Development Finance Corporation Ltd (HDFC), one of India's leading housing finance institution and Standard Life Aberdeen PLC, leading well known provider of financial savings & investments services in the United Kingdom.

Role & Experience:
· I use to work as a Sales Development Manager.
· Attend walk in guest and explaining them about the Insurance & Scheme.
· Overall experience working in HDFC Insurance was excellent and I got to learn about sales which will help me more in my future prospect.






· MAHINDRA & MAHINDRA (UNNATI MOTORS):         

Duration: From 25th July 2018 to 31st December 2018.
Designation: Sales Consultant.
Department: Sales (SIS).

Mahindra and Mahindra Limited is an Indian multinational car manufacturing corporation headquartered in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India. It is one of the largest vehicle manufacturers by production in India and the largest manufacturer of tractors in the world. It is a part of the Mahindra Group, an Indian conglomerate.
Role & Experience:
· I am currently working as a sales consultant at Mahindra & Mahindra (Unnati motors Pune)
· Attend walk in guest, ask about their need and which vehicle they are planning to see or book and schedule test drives as required.
· Follow up calls to the customer about their experience, plans on buying and feedback.
· Since I have been working at Mahindra & Mahindra I came to know how to interact with customers and fulfil their needs and wants accordingly.


AREA OF INTEREST
Marketing, Sales, Manufacturing, Advertising.

LANGUAGES KNOWN
 English, Hindi, Marathi

HOBBIES
Travelling, Reading, Learning new language and Endurance sports.
I hereby declare that the information given here with is correct to my knowledge.

