










































Application Developer at IBM:     Devbrat Verma 
PERSONAL DETAILS:   

s/o – Birendra Prasad Verma                                                                                           Mobile No: 9430102934 

House No -8, Postbox Road, Hongasandra                                                   Email ID: devbrat099@outlook.com 

Begur Road, Bommanahalli,                                                                     IBM Email ID: dverma34@in.ibm.com 

Bangalore: 560068                                                                                        Notice Period: 15 Days 

PRFESSIONAL SUMMARY  

➢ Blue Prism & JAVA Developer working at Kolkata in IBM INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED. 

➢ B. Tech in Electronics & Communication Engineering specialized in Blue Prism RPA & JAVA Development. 

➢ Undergone JAVA training of three months from Manipal, Bangalore. 

➢ Undergone “Dot Net” training from Hewlett-PackardPvt. Ltd.  

➢ Embedded C and MATLAB college training and LAB.   

➢ Training in Proteus 7.0 from College (Embedded C). 

 

CAREER OBJECTIVE   

         Seeking an opportunity to utilize my skills and abilities in the Industry that offers me professional growth 

and Personal Satisfaction while being resourceful, innovative and flexible for the growth of the Organization. 

To be able to contribute towards the success of the company, both as an individual and as a team member. 

And to grow, by learning and experiencing, as an individual and as a professional. 

TECHNICAL SKILLS: 

Specialized/Experienced in  Blue Prism RPA and JAVA, JSP, JDBC, J2EE, Spring, Hibernate 

Programming Languages SQL, Dot Net with C#, C language  

Web Technologies .NET& JavaScript 

Platforms  Blur Prism, Eclipse, Visual Studio and Web Browsers.  

Networking  MTA certified in Networking, Microsoft  

Learning  Automation Anywhere, UI Path and AI 

PAST PROJECT DETAILS:  

1. PROJECT NAME: Dumentum & Captiva 

Creating scheduler, adding features in the application as per user’s requirement by changing/modifying code.   

Documentum & Captiva Application: Creating UI(WDK) for client on the given requirement.  

2. PROJECT NAME: BP ADAM Blue Prism Development Team(RPA) 

Duration: 2 Years 

Role Application Developer 

Organization IBM India, Kolkata  

Project/Account BP ADAM 

Team Size 20 

Platform Blue Prism RPA Software  

Automated Applications  SAP Logon & several IBM internal applications like IBM Notes etc.  



Project Description: Creating efficient Bots by using Blue Prism Tools/ utility Or by creating custom Tool in Blue 
Prism <Using Code Stage> as per given requirements/Process Definition Document, which are capable of doing 
manual work with a high accuracy and time consumption may be less Or more compared to Human.  

FEW AUTOMATION DEVELOPMENTS:  

1.ENDUR Error Files Check 

Automation Platform Blue Prism 

Automated Application SAP FICO  

Work Complete Development and Testing  

Process Definition Doc To Perform the Endur Error Files check based on the Errors received on daily basis to 

check the files to know the Error. 

2. BATCH JOB Monitoring for Cancelled Jobs 

Automation Platform Blue Prism 

Automated Application SAP FICO  

Work Maintenance – Developed flexible Bot ruing schedule by using Periodicity.    

Process Definition Doc Automating Batch Job monitoring for Cancelled Jobs and communication to the 

functional Team 

3.BATCH JOB Monitoring for Active Jobs 

Automation Platform Blue Prism 

Automated Application SAP FICO  

Work Complete Development and Testing:  Long running active batch jobs duration to be 

compared with predefined batch job duration in excelas >> Compare the defined run 

time with long running jobs time,if run time exceeds then sending the job list to 

functional team via email. 

Process Definition Doc Automating the Batch Job monitoring for Active Jobs and communication to the 

functional Team 

❖ Creating Custom Utilities: - 

Custom utilities are created by using code stage, which are not provided with Blue Prism Or for repetitive tasks in 
Bot creation, by merging all release files to one. 

Use: Utilities are defined as standard Business Objects and is being called in Process if required in Bot 
Developments, it essentially saves time and gives more stable and efficient  conditions to the bot. 
 
Purpose: it gives more flexibility to any bot, as if there is any future change in the automated applications, then 
only by changing the utilities, changes can be made directly in the production systems in less time without moving 
back release files to UAT/Quality. 
 

Automation Platform Blue Prism RPA 

Utilities  Example: image copy/cut and paste in background by using Clipboard<Formats: JPEJ, GIF, 

BITMAP, PNG etc.>, Excel Operations, background Email operations, Collection operations 

and many more. 

Work Doing hit and try and by using internet/ IBM resource creating utilities which are 

helpful to reduce total bot running time by using code stage and collection, minimizing 

frontend GUI operations. 



 

❖ Scheduling/Queuing Bot run and monitoring: - 

Queue Management: while deploying/ after deploying Bot to Production, queue is maintained/monitored by 
Queue refresher and Queue Engine to achieve next runtime of each Bot using custom queue appender to 
make entry in the queue. 

Custom Queue Refresher: Make an entry in the queue by passing run time to the ‘process’ and preparing next 
runtime by using custom queue appender. 

Custom Queue Engine: Each entry of Bot is taken on each page and bots/queue is maintained/queued  

 

SCHOLASTICS  

       B. Tech in Electronics & Communication Engineering discipline from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological 

University, Hyderabad.  

 

 

Branch: Electronics & Communication Engineering.  

Degree University/Board Year of Passing Percentage 

B. Tech JNTU, Hyderabad 2011-15 71.0 

 

 
TRAININGS:  

➢ Certification on JAVA from Manipal. 
➢ Core Java, Bluemix training from IBM 
➢ 30 days Training on .Net with C# at HP Pvt. Ltd. 
➢ MTA certified in Networking from Microsoft 
➢ JAVA training in Druga Institute, Hyderabad   
➢ Robot automation framework demo at IBM 
➢ Natural Language Processing (NLP) with Python at IBM 
➢ Demystifying HTML, CSS and JavaScript for L&K at IBM 

 
RESPONSIBILITIES:  

✓ Creating/developing utilities/application as per business requirements in C# & Java. 
✓ Handling business process and resolving technical issues. 
✓ Testing and deploying changes in production. 
✓ Server maintenance and monitoring. 
✓ Handling sudden issues/technical issues on server Or Application.  
✓ Real time system monitoring &maintenance. 

 



 

PERSONAL DETAILS: 

 

Name    : Devbrat Verma 

Father’s Name                  : Birendra Prasad Verma 

Gender    : Male 

Mobile Number   : 9430102934 

Language Known  : English, Hindi (write, read and speak) 

Strengths                           : Fast Learner, Decisive, Good Grasping skills. 

Marital Status   : Single 

Hobbies/Activities           : Photography, Pencil sketching, Swimming , Travelling. 

Permanent Address         : House No -8, Postbox Road, Hongasandra, Bommanahalli, Bangalore: 560068                                                                       

Preferred Location  :  Bangalore, Hyderabad 

 

 

I hereby declare that the above stated information is true to the best of my knowledge.  

 

 

DATE:    05/ 03/2018 

PLACE:   Bangalore 

 

                                                                                                                                       Devbrat Verma 

 

 


