













































PRABHANAND GANATRA


Address	:A wing, Flat no.5, Sitaram Co-op Housing Society, Opp. to  Jalaram Ashish Co-Op Housing Society, Lala Devidayal road, Mulund (west) 400080
Languages Known    : English, Hindi and Marathi
Contact No.		: 8898170455
Email Id.		: prabhanandpg@gmail.com
Date of Birth		: 2nd Aug 1985







EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION

	Graduation
	Name of the University / Institute
	
	Year of Passing
	Class

	B.Com
	Model College, Dombivli East
	
	2006
	1st   Class

	H.S.C. (Commerce)
	Model College, Dombivli East
	
	2003
	1st  Class

	S.S.C.
	Modem English School, Dombivli East
	
	2001
	1st   Class


 



CAREER OBJECTIVE

· I am a B.com Graduate with more than 11 years of experience in customer service and case management

· It gives me immense pleasure to say that I am skilled at handling cases for clients who are experiencing difficulty with their network connections of which majority of cases are complex ones. Usually the cases that comes to a case manager is an intricately twisted one which requires higher level of understanding about the networks and its intricacies. My job as a case manager has helped me achieve this level of technical knowledge which will help me do better with my job at TCS.

· I have been associated with customer service industry since i started my career. I am happy to state that my customer service skills have only improved with time and again, thanks to my 10+ years of experience in the customer service industry.

· Hence my objective is to use my communication and technical skills to the best of my capacity to service clients for my organisation so that i can fulfill the job responsibility assigned to me in the most efficient manner.

· I am only happy to state that I am a very dedicated person as far as work is concerned. I can assure that with the kind of dedication and discipline I would follow at workplace it will be my prime responsibility to ensure that my efforts at work place is appreciated and also that you are happy and satisfied with your decision to assign me the responsibilities.


 






AREA OF EXPERTISE

· Communication and technical skills are something which i have trained myself over the past 10 years and there’s hardly any aspect of customer service which i haven’t been introduced to in the past. My job responsibilities (which you will find stated below) and career objective (which I have mentioned above) includes information about my work, dedication and skills. It will only give me immense pleasure to put my skills to use at the new organisation. 


















WORK EXPERIENCE


Organization	:	 Convergys India Services Ltd
Designation	:	 Case Manager - Tech Support Associate Level-III
Duration	:	 14th June 2007 till now (11 Years & 7 Months+)

Highlights Of the Job:
Currently my job responsibilities involve scrutiny of fault reports generated by client interaction with the Front-End tech support team. 
After scrutinizing these fault reports my responsibility is to ensure that we deliver best possible resolution to our clients based on our analysis of the report. 
These resolutions are purely based on our management skills and our understanding of the current scenario of the external networks which the customers are connected to.
And this requires thoroughly studying the news related to the outages , new network expansion works in and around various localities and streets.
In order to deliver the best solution along with best client experience I do the following:
· Fix the fault with their networks, anticipating and then communicating to our business and household clients an ETR after a thorough study based on the data available, ensuring that our clients are kept informed regularly about the status of each case.
· Our clients include household connections and Small & Medium business enterprises who totally rely on us for their connection to the outside world. We have a team that provides complete network solutions to large business corporations within australia.
· My responsibility is to ensure that our clients are provided the best interim solutions when their existing services are impacted. I ensure that resources available to us are used to make best possible offers. We provide tailored solutions to our clients ensuring that, in times of massive service disruptions we meet their day to day demands which were promised to them at the time of signing up of their contract with us. 
· Its also my responsibility to ensure that while providing interim solutions to our clients proper care is taken so that these interim solutions are economically viable to our to our organisation and thereby it doesn’t cause huge additional revenue loss which is always a possibility while negotiating with business clients.

· My responsibility includes also handling cases which are escalated to Telecommunication Ombudsman (TIO of australia) where the clients are not just upset with the quality of their service but are also usually unhappy with their interaction with company officials and representatives.
· Not just handling the escalations from Telecommunications Ombudsman (TIO) but it goes without saying that once a new case has come to us it's a case manager's responsibility to ensure that all possible workarounds are looked into , to ensure that the case doesn’t get escalated to TIO.  For me I feel pride in stating that not a single case that has come to me ever has been escalated to TIO.


Date:  17th January 2019
Place: Thane


			                                                                   
  [Prabhanand P Ganatra]
