















































CURRICULUM VITAE 
 

 
 

Name  : A. Srinivasa Rao 
 

Mobile : +91-7569104028 
 

e-mail :  cnurao.a1982@gmail.com 
 

 
 
 
 
 

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY : 

➢  Having more than 8 years of experience in Graphic Designing 

➢  Having more than 3 years of experience in Web designing. 

➢  Worked on operating system like Windows, and XP. 

➢  Proficient in Corel Draw, Adobe Photoshop, Indesign, Illustrator,  
HTML & CS , learning 

Java-Script and j-query 

➢  Excellent knowledge in all areas of Graphic and Webdesign, computers and the 

internet. 

➢  Passionate about the industry I am involved with and am proud to be considered as a 

web designer in Hyderabad. 

➢  Worked with roles including Jr Web Designer and Sr Web Designer. 

➢  Capability of client handling and requirement analysis. 

➢  Good work ethics with excellent communication and interpersonal skills. 

➢  Capable to delve into the new leading Technologies. 

➢  Ability to work well in both a team environment and individual environment 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

Technical Skills 

Operating System: Windows, XP. 
Applications: MS-Office, Photoshop, Coral Draw, Indesign, Illustrator 
Web Technology: HTML, Dream weaver, CSS, learning Java Script and Jquery. 
Software known: MS Office, Adobe Illustrator ,Adobe Photoshop CS5, Coral Draw 16, 
Languages: HTML, CSS , Java-Script, 

 
 
 

 
Employers 

1). Worked with Prajashakti Telugu Daily News Paper Pvt. Ltd as Graphic Designer 
from July 2006 to 2008 December 

2). Worked with Printo Document Services as Graphic Designer from Dec 2008 to 
2009 February 

3). Worked with Franchise Printo Document Services as Graphic Designer from 2009 
February to 2011 September 

 4). Working with Linkwell Telesystems as Web & Graphic Designer 2011 to till today. 

mailto:cnurao.a1982@gmail.com


Key projects undertaken in Web Designing : 

➢  http://www.visiontek.co.in (Designing Layout and HTML, CSS, JS.) 

➢  http://www.3g-wireless-products.com (Designing Layout and HTML, CSS, JS.) 

➢  http://www.transaction-terminals.com(Design Designing Layout and HTML, CSS, JS.) 

➢  http://www.online-gps-trackers.com (Designing Layout and HTML, CSS, JS.) 

➢  http://www.smart-energy-meters.com - (Designing Layout and HTML, CSS, JS.) 

➢  http://www.ticketvendingsolution.com - (Designing Layout and HTML, CSS, JS.) 

➢  http://www.electronic-voucher-distribution.com (Designing Layout and HTML, CSS, 
JS.) 

➢  http://www.amr-ami-systems.com (Designing Layout and HTML, CSS, JS.) 

 

 
Responsibilities: 

➢  Planning, Web UI Design , Icons and Code implementation of Complete web sites 

➢  working on Web Designing using HTML, CSS, Javascript, with Notepadd++, or Editplus, 
Dreamweaver, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Dreamweaver, flash etc. 

➢  Possess knowledge and understanding of subjects such as qualitative estimation of webpage 

designing and Graphic Designing. 

➢  Responsibilities included to design website layout using HTML,CSS, Dreamweaver, 

Photoshop 
 

 
 

Key projects undertaken in Graphic Designing: 

➢  Design flyers, charts, brochures, diagrams, maps and logos for the clients. 

➢  Calculate the estimation time and design plan for the work order to meet all deadline & 
requirements. 

➢  Manage graphics department inventory and purchase the materials. 
➢  Maintain the department records. 
➢  Prepare designs using MacDraw, PageMaker and Freehand programs. 
➢  Organize the designing work in time effectively. 
➢  Maintain the artwork and files up to date. 
➢  Prepare the brief fulfilment of the projects and work on its detailing. 
➢  Prepare designs on marketing & e-marketing materials for the project. 
➢  Give presentations to the clients and senior manager on the finalised ides. 
➢  Resolve the client’s queries. 
➢  Prepare artwork for the projects. 
➢  Design marketing materials like advertisements, brochures, handouts, flyers and online 

graphics etc. 

http://www.visiontek.co.in/
http://www.3g-wireless-products.com/
http://www.online-gps-trackers.com/
http://www.smart-energy-meters.com/
http://www.ticketvendingsolution.com/
http://www.electronic-voucher-distribution.com/
http://www.amr-ami-systems.com/


Education Qualification 
 

B.Com Computers - Madurai Kamaraj University, Tamilnadu. 

Diploma in Graphic Designing and Animation in Cenzasotech, Hyd. 

Diploma in PGDCA in Kakatiya. 

Intermediate - MPC Wesley Jr. college-Secunderabad. 

SSC in APSWRS - Annapureddypally, Khammam Dist. 
 

 
 

Personal Information: 
 

Name : A. Srinivasa Rao 
 

Mother's Name : Manemma 
 

Date of Birth : July 11th, 1982 
 

Marital status : Married 

Mother Tongue : Telugu 

Nationality : Indian 

Languages known : English, Hindi, Telugu. 
 

 
 

Declaration: 
 

I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge. 
 

 
 

Date: 
 

Place: Hyderabad 
 

 
 
 
 

Regards, 

(A.Srinivas Rao) 


