










































           
           
 

SHAJESH GANGADHARAN  
Senior Project Engineer      
Date of Birth: 27-06-1989 
Email: shajeshinfo89@@gmail.com 
Phone: +91-9633151093 

   

Summary of Achievements 

• Senior Java-J2EE developer with 4 plus years of experience in development in java. 

• Strong programming and problem solving skills in core java, J2EE, struts, spring and Hibernate. 

• Strong and proven debugging skills. 

• Possess expertise and experience in Object Oriented design and programming.  

• Experience in Agile SCRUM development methodology  

• Ability to work in groups as well as independently with minimum supervision and initiative to 

learn new technologies and tools quickly.  

• Extensive experience in developing J2EE compliant applications on WebLogic Application Server 

Professional Experience 
                        

Organization Designation 
Period 

From To 

Wipro Technologies,Infopark 

Cochin,Kerala 
Senior Software Engineer 30-Apr-2018 Till date 

SFO Technologies (P) Ltd, Infopark, 

Cochin, Kerala 
software Engineer 11-Nov-2015 23-Apr-2018 

Digits Innovators(p) Ltd, Kannur, 

Kerala 
Software programmer 4-Nov-2013 6-Nov-2015 



 

 

 

Technical Skills 
 
Programming Languages and 

Technologies 

Core Java , Advance Java 

Application FrameWork Struts 

ORM Tool Hibernate 

Operating Systems: Windows 7, Windows XP 

IDEs Eclipse ,Spring Tool Suites ,Net Beans 

Databases My SQL 

Web Technologies HTML , JSP ,Servlet,JS 

webServer 
Application Server 

Tomcat 6 And 7, Glassfish. 
Weblogic 2.3 

Secondary Skills Spring,Rest WebService, Soap WebServices, Node Js 

Other Tools Perforce ,Collabarator , Rally, SVN, HP QC,WinScp 

Domain Knowledge HealthCare, Banking and Logistics 

 
Work Experience 
 
 

• FedEx- Gateway Services 

Tool/Technology Platform Role Team Size 

Java , Spring , Soap web service Windows Developer 2 

WSGW - As Web Services are platform independent and language independent, any vendor could create his 

own tool or site or software and call (if he is authenticated) FedEx Web services in order to make the 

application integration better. WSGW application acts as a gateway to access the FedEx Web services which 

could be accessed by both the internal and external clients. 

WSGW consists of Servlet based architecture (Spring Frame Work), Optimized XML Transformation, 

Workflow separation’s (Common Service Runtime) framework is based on Spring Framework. 

•   Health Suite  

Tool/Technology Platform Role Team Size 

Node Server ,Rest Web 

Service 

Windows Developer 7 



CHF-Prediction is a Web based application hosted on Smart on FHIR platform for predicting congestive 

heart failure (CHF) chronic disease. This application help users to identify and test their various cardiac risks 

using different algorithms which intern helps to identify patients who may benefit from more aggressive or 

novel therapies. 

Diabetes Prediction is a Web based application hosted on Smart on FHIR platform for predicting Type 2 

Diabetes Mellitus Risk and identify the patients who may benefit from additional clinical and laboratory 

screening using different algorithms. 

 

•  CASBA  

Tool/Technology Platform Role Team Size 

Core java ,jsp , servlet ,Struts , 

Hibernate 

Windows Developer 11 

Core Application Software for Business Accounting, is an online/centralized application for a leading 

Financial Company, to manage their day-to-day operations. Through this system, the firm is planning to 

improve the customer relationship and profitability. This system consists of various modules like Chitty, 

Loans, Deposits, Overdraft, Accounting and Asset Management. 

 

• Workflow Manager 

Tool/Technology Platform Role Team Size 

Core Java Windows Developer 8 

The Workflow Manager is a radiology application which is an integration system of scanned images and 

related reports of the various patients. 

Applications used for integrations are: 

Workflow Manager – Application to integrate images and reports 

Universal Viewer and Isite (Philips) – To open the scanned images of the patients 

PowerScribe360 – To open the diagnosed patient reports as per hierarchy level. 

Clinical Context Object Workgroup (CCOW) – A tool which is to update the patients details with windows 

user.  

  

  

• E-Medical Management 



Tool/Technology Platform Role Team Size 

Java, Struts , JSP and Hibernate Windows Developer 5 

This project E-Medical Management is developed for our client who deals with daily activities of hospitals. 

Responsibilities: 

Designed JSP’s as per the Requirement. 

Implemented Action Classes. 

Written Hibernate Mapping Documents 

Written Hibernate Persistence Classes. 

Implemented DAO’s with Hibernate. 

 
Educational Qualification 
 

Course Institution Board/University 
Year of 

passing 
Marks in % 

 MCA University Centre University of Kannur 2009-12 62 

BSc. Computer     

Science 

Arts and science college, 

kanhirangad. 

University of Kannur 2006-09 75 

 HSE T.M.H.S.S  Vellora Kerala Board 2004-06 79 

 SSLC G.H.S.S Kadanappally Kerala Board 2002-04 68 

 
Personal Profile 
 

Date of birth : 27-06-1989 

Sex : Male 

Marital Status : Single 

Father’s name : Gangadharan M 

Nationality : Indian 

Passport Number : K9851183 

Linguistic Skills : English, Hindi, Tamil, Malayalam. 

Permanent 

address 

: Mangalasery House, 

Kadanappaly P.O 

Kannur-Kerala 



670504 

I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge. 
         (Shajesh Gangadharan) 


