













































RESUME


RESUME                     
I. Krishna Madhavi 

D/O: - I.V.J.Swamy 

SSS Enclave, Flat 201 

Road No: 7, Radha Nagar,  

Near K K Convention,  

Bandlaguda Jagir, Suncity 

Hyderabad – 500086 

India. 

                                                                                         Email: - madhavi21.illinda@gmail.com 

                                                                                         Phone: - +91 9705711571  

CAREER OBJECTIVES 

  To seek a challenging career where my skills and knowledge would match the requirements of 

the organization and give me a scope to work both for the betterment of the organization and 

myself. 

 

          KEY SKILLS: 

 

 Ability to easily grasp and put into application new ideas 

 Excellent organization, planning and presentation & communication skills. 
 Outstanding written and numerical skills. 

 Ability to multitask. 
 

 

ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS 

Qualification 
Name of the 

School/College 
University/ Board 

Year of 

passing 

% of 

Marks 

M.H.R.M 

Dr. Lankapalli 

Bullaya Dergree & 

P.G College 

Andhra University 2014 7.5 CGPA 

Bachelor’s       

Degree in 

commerce 

Pydah Degree college Andhra University 2011 55.5 

Intermediate 
Sri Chaitanya 

Junior College 

Board of intermediate,           

Andhra Pradesh 
2008 65.6 

S.S.C 
Mahathi Model 

High School 

Board of secondary 

education, Andhra 

Pradesh 

2006 75.5 

 Inherent leadership qualities with the capacity to lead and manage an event successfully  

 Effective time management and cooperation skills 

 Efficient in communicating well in written and verbal both 

 Dedicated, innovative and self-motivated team player/builder 



 

ACADEMIC PROJECTS 

 

Company Name: Coromandel Fertilizers Ltd, Visakhapatnam 

Project Title      :  HR Functions 

Duration            :  20 Days 

 

Company Name: Novotel (NHCC & HICC), Hyderabad 

Project Title      : Training & Development  

Duration            :  60 Days 

 

Company Name: Tech Mahindra 

Project Title      : Employee Engagement through Innovation Management 

Duration            :  60 Days 

 

 

ACHIEVEMENTS 

      

• Participated in management meet GENIO FIESTA in Andhra University 

• Won GEM award for the month of February 2016 in Novotel 

• Participated in International Fleet Review 2016 (IFR) Novotel 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

 

 

Orion Conferences, 04th April 2016 – Till Date 
  

           Role: Sr. HR Executive, Hyderabad, India. 

 

Job responsibilities: 

 Planning human resource requirements in consultation with heads of different functional 
& operational areas and conducting selection interviews 

 Work on Recruitment MIS, and generate insights and analysis to drive efficiency and 

quality 

 Assist in identifying & building new channels of recruitment and talent pool 

 Support the organization’s diversity initiatives 

 Maximize self-sourcing efforts through channels like portals and LinkedIn recruiter, 

reducing dependency on vendors 

 Responsibility with the HRD, for reviewing staff awards processes and to design an 

effective staff award system which recognizes excellent performance. 



 Collaborate with L&D to ensure the capabilities of the work force is increasing quarterly 

 Compensations & Benefits 

 Preparing offers & Appointment letters 

 PF, ESI registrations  

 Salary Processing 

 Internal Job Postings 

 Employee movement administration Transfers, Relocation etc. 

 Performance Appraisal 

 Managing internal Job postings 

 

 

Novotel Visakhapatnam, Accor Hospitality (MNC) 3rd Jan 2015 – March 31st 2016 
  

           Role: Training coordinator 

 

           Job responsibilities:  

 

 Review training requests and enrollments and hence adjust training schedule as required 
according to enrollment data  

 Assist training manager to develop and coordinate plans and policies, resources and 

mission as well as goals, Vision and expectations of program and also ensure to prepare 

update plans and priorities. 

 Research and evaluate outside consultants and trainers to meet training needs as 

appropriate 

 Responsible for rolling induction process for new employees. 

 Facilitate corporate training sessions. 

 Organize internal Training sessions. 

 Generate Training Reports. 

 Prepare Industrial Exposure Trainees & managing trainees’ schedules. 
 

Novotel Visakhapatnam, Accor Hospitality  
 

Role: HR coordinator 

 

Job responsibilities: 

 

 Recruitment & Selection 

 Compensations & Benefits 

 HR MIS Report 



 Performance Management System 

 Employee Relations 

 HR Initiatives 
 Conducting HR interviews, offer & negotiations. 

 Managing internal Job postings. 

 Managing background check. 

 Employee referral award processing & other benefits administration. 

 Handling Rewards & Recognition. 

 Employee movement administration Transfers, Relocation etc. 

 HR help desk activities for Insurance, Claims, re-reimbursement etc. 

 Handling Joining formalities. 

 Handling employee database (Personal files management) 

Creation & maintenance of Employee Personal files/ HR File audits. 

 Managing Exit formalities like issuing Exit Interview form & clearance forms. 

 Performance appraisal. 

                                                                            

OMICS International (From 04-06-2014 to 31-12-2014) 

Role: Program Coordinator, Hyderabad, India.

 

Job Responsibilities: 

 Communication with Company CEO's, CSO's, Directors, Scientists, Professors, Doctors 

 Getting registrations for the event from Global professionals, business people and 
Academic people 

 Getting symposias, workshops, Media partners, Sponsors for the event (Conference 

 Designing Event(Conference) Brochures, Payment forms, Final programme Journal books 
preparation, Flyers etc   

 Data management- Collection, Modification, Separation, Extraction, Filtration, 
calculation, Designing etc in excel/Word/power point  

 Computer software maintenance- operating system installation, other software Installation, 
Un installation, Trouble shooting, outlook configuring etc 

 Conference website maintenance, uploading content, scheduling dates, Pdf brochure 
maintenance, images, scientific program updating etc 

 Scientific Data collection, Scientists list maintenance, collecting professionals data from 
web, communication with them by mails and calls  

 Maintaining mail communications and call communications with Company CEO's, CSO's, 
Directors, Scientists, Professors, Doctors, exhibitors, Sponsors etc Training to the new 

joiners on excel, word, PowerPoint and website maintenance, Internet browsing techniques 

etc. Clearing transaction , event related queries of customer  

 Getting Research work abstracts from speakers and reviewing it for final publication 



 

PERSONAL STRENGTHS & ATTRIBUTES 

 Ability to work in a high volume, fast paced, matrix environment. 

 Knowledge of key recruiting skills, including various sourcing, candidate selection, selling & 

negotiating techniques, interviewing skills. 

 Passionate about hiring; self-motivated with excellent execution skills. 

 Pro-activeness in gathering requirements from hiring manager and ability to stretch. 

 Excellent communicator, with ability to influence & persuade others and to network internally & 

externally. 

 Ability to work with cross functional teams and interface with business leaders at all levels in 

organization. 

 Ability to lead, direct, and work on a variety of projects simultaneously if required — and be a 

champion supporting recruiting initiatives (new systems, improving processes, etc.) 

 Exceptional negotiating skills with external clients/candidates. 

 

TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES 

Operating Systems Microsoft Windows 

Packages MS-Office, MS-Excel 

Automation tools Excel, Word, Power Point 
  

 

PERSONAL DETAILS 

Name                       :  Illinda.Krishna Madhavi 

Fathers Name        : Illinda Venakata Jagannadha Swamy 

Date of Birth          : 21/12/1991 

Gender                   : Female 

Marital status          : Unmarried 

Languages Known: English, Telugu & Hindi 

Declaration: 

 

The above mentioned information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 

 

PLACE: Hyderabad 

DATE:   27/08/2018                                                                                                          

                                                                                                                            Signature 

                      (Madhavi I K)  



 


