






































Rajesh N Sidharthan


RITESH SAITWAL                                             
MBA(Marketing), BBM Business and Sales Executive

Resume Highlights:
 Associate Business Manager
 Sales Executive
 Loan Accounting

.

 Balance sheet Reviewer.
 Quality Supervisor
 Hands on MS-Excel/MS-Office

.

.

.

Address for communication:
Flat No: 603
Umashiv Corner, Sector 19,
Kamothe, Navi Mumbai 
riteshsaitwal  @gmail.com
Contact No:- 9765118864,
                   8308480075

                                    

.

OBJECTIVE: .

Utilizing my skills and knowledge at workplace and consistently upgrade my professional and
interpersonal skills. This would help to align  my personal growth with the organization’s work
and create win-win situation.

SUMMARY:

Over 5 years of experience in Service industry in roles as ‘Sales Executive’, ‘Associate
Business Manager’ and ‘Quality Supervisor’.

Managed  Financial  Services  for  Loan  Accounting,  Balance  sheet  and  offered  credit  score
consultantation services to customers. Achieved Awards and appreciation notes for achieving targets
and outstanding performance.   

EDUCATION:

 MBA in Marketing from Rajiv Gandhi Business School, Pune - 2013.
 Bachelor in Business Management (BBM) from North Maharashtra University, Jalgaon – 2010.
 Higher secondary from GSC Mahavidyalaya Varangaon, MH -  2007.
 Secondary Education from ILMV, Jamner, MH - 2005

SKILLS

 Proficient in Microsoft Office
 Managing resources to achieve business target
 Communication Skills
 Team Skills

EXPERIENCE and ROLE:

 Sales Executive in  Retail  Agriculture Department at  HDB Financial
Services, joint venture of HDFC Bank Ltd.

- Managing customers applications for loan account.

- Reviewing balance sheet and account statements.

- Consultation for good credit score.

- Performing Annual audit for account.

Nov  2014  to  Till  Date
[ 3 years 6 months ]

mailto:riteshsaitwal@gmail.com
mailto:riteshsaitwal@gmail.com


 Associate  Business  Manager at  Madhuraj  Enterprises,  Bhusawal,
Maharashtra.

- Client relationship management

- Market survey and making new clients for business.

- Managing orders and Accounting.

- Inventory Management at outlets and generating Purchase order
(PO) for the same.

May  2013  to  Oct  2014
[ 1 year 6 months ]

 Quality Supervisor at Filtrum Tools and Component Pvt Ltd, Pune
Sept  2012  to  Feb  2013
[ 6 months ]

PERSONAL DETAILS:

 Status : Single.
 Sex : Male.
 Date of Birth : 17 December 1987.
 Language : English, Hindi, Marathi.
 Permanent Address   : At post Jamner, Shashtri Nagar, Bhusaval Road, Tal Jamner - 424206

Declaration:

I hereby declare that the above-mentioned particulars are true and genuine to the best of my
knowledge and belief.

Ritesh Saitwal


