














































Mr. Gopal Shihora                            Mobile: +91-88667 99687 

                  Email:  gshihora@gmail.com 

 

 

 
 
Aspiring for a challenging career advancement opportunity in a progressive 

organization to enhance my skill and to make exquisite use of my creativity, dynamic, 
innovative abilities in the progress of the organization. 

 
 

 

 Technically Sophisticated Professional with nearly 2+ years of experience in the areas of  
Software developing  & Programming in Java environment. 

 Currently associated with Finlogic Technologies India Pvt.Ltd. ,Surat As 
Sr.Executive Developer. 

 Proficient in developing web applications using JAVA / J2EE technologies. 

 Adept in end-to-end development of software products from requirement analysis, 
designing, coding, de-bugging and implementation. 

 Professional experience of building web application using open-source technologies like 
Java, Spring Framework as middle layer. HTML, JS , JSP, jquery as front end, 
MySQL/Oracle as backend database.  

 Experience in GIT, SVN as version control systems. 

 Good communication and interpersonal skills with abilities in resolving complex 
software issues. 

 

 

 

Technologies : Core Java, Spring web MVC, Rest web services 

Web Technologies : JSP, Servlets, Bootstrap, Jquery, JS, CSS, HTML 

Application Server : Apache Tomcat 

Database             : MySQL 

IDE/Tools : NetBeans IDE, Android Studio 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Objective 

Technical Skills 

Professional Summary 

 

mailto:gshihora@gmail.com


 

 MCA, MAEER’s Arts, Commerce & Science College, MIT Campus, Pune. (Per: 86.00%) 

 BCA, Sutex Bank college of computer Application and science, Surat. (Per: 66.58%)  

 HSC, Gurukul Vidhyapith, Surat. (Per: 74.86%)  

 SSC, Shree Swaminarayan Gurukul, Sardarnagar, Bhavnagar. (Per: 68.00%) 

 

 

 

 Currently working as an Java Developer in Finlogic Technologies India Pvt.Ltd (Surat). 
Since December 2016 to till date. 

 Worked as intern(6 Months) and Android Developer at Groupool (Yugstart Technologies 
Pvt Ltd, Pune). From December, 2015 to  November, 2016 

 

Detail Work Experience: 

Company Name : Finlogic Technologies Pvt. Ltd. (Surat, Gujarat) 

From: November, 2016 To: Till date Duration: 2 Years 

Designation : Sr. Executive Developer (Java) 

Responsibilities :   Software coding as per requirements and/or instruction by 
Team Lead. 

 Software error resolving 

 Solve technical challenges on a day to day basis and build 
applications for scalability and performance 

 

Company Name : Yugstart Technologies Pvt. Ltd. (Pune, Maharashtra) 

From: December, 2015 To: November, 2016 Duration: 1 Year 

Designation : Jr. Software Engineer (Android, Web) 

Responsibilities :   Work on programming and support for mobile application 
product, Primary technologies is Android, PHP and Mysql 
database. 

 Handle Web service and web part 

 

 

 

 

 

Qualifications 

 

Work Experiance 

 



 

 

 

Company Name: Finlogic Technologies India Pvt. Ltd. 

Project Name: CDSLIR 

Duration: March 2017 – Till date 

My Role: As being the Sr.Executive Developer. I am responsible for developing 
and maintaining the project as well as enhancing the existing modules and 
solve the client issues.  

Technologies:  JAVA, JSP, Spring MVC, Bootstrap, jquery, MYSQL 

Description: The objective of setting up an Insurance Repository is to provide policyholders a 
facility to keep insurance policies in electronic form in ‘e-Insurance account’ (eIA) and to 
undertake changes, modifications and revisions in the eIA account/ insurance policy with speed and 
accuracy in order to bring about efficiency, transparency and cost reduction in the issuance and 
maintenance of insurance policies. 
http://www.cirl.co.in 
https://epic.cirl.co.in/cdslir/index.do 
 

 

 

 
 

Company Name: Yugstart Technologies Pvt. Ltd 

Project Name: Groupool Car-pooling app 

Duration: Dec 2015 – Nov 2016 

My Role: As being the Jr.Software developer. I was responsible for the 
development, maintaining the ‘Groupool’ android app and web services.  

Technologies:  Android, JAVA, PHP, MYSQL 

Description: Groupool is a platform for simple and secured carpooling for corporate commuters. 
It connects Car owners and Riders. Groupool is developed based on very practical approach of 
ride sharing. Using Paytm cashless transaction to pay the ride charge. 

https://www.groupool.in/ 

  

 

 

 

I hear by declare that all the information furnished above is true to the best of my 
knowledge and belief. 

Mr. Gopal K. Shihora 

PROJECTS : 

DECLARATION 

http://www.cirl.co.in/
https://epic.cirl.co.in/cdslir/index.do
https://www.groupool.in/

