














































CURRICULUM VITAE
Omveer Singh
H-56, Delta 2
Greater Noida
Dist. – Gautam Budh Nagar (U.P)
Mobile: 9999632396
E-Mail: techno_om@rediffmail.com, 
veeromveersingh@gmail.com
Object

Seeking a technical environment that encourages continuous learning and creativity that provides exposure to new ideas and stimulates personal and professional growth in networking industry.
Professional Summary
· Experience of configuring routers and switches, performing troubleshooting tasks for connectivity, speed, bandwidth testing, packet loss and QOS related issues.

· Knowledge of switching  and routing protocols.

· IP MPLS understanding.
· Troubleshooting, configuring and monitoring of LAN/WAN
· Knowledge of networking models OSI/TCP

· Incident, change and problem management.

· Working knowledge equivalent to CCNA and CCNP and moving forward.
· Eagerness to learn and adaptable to environment.

Key Responsibilities Handled
· Implementation, configuration, troubleshooting and testing of various series of Cisco- Routers and Switches. Routers (ASR 9K, 7200 VXR, ASR 1001, 800, 1900, 2900, 3900), Switches (500, 2960S, 2950, 4500X, 4948, 3700, 6500, 3400ME, Nexus switches).
· Configuration of wireless Point to Point Radio bridges for wireless leased lines and for wireless cloud.

· Access points (autonomous and with wireless controller) and Cisco Meraki wireless cloud understanding.
· Cisco ACS for AAA Radius and TACACS authentication.
· Coordination with ISP’s, LPOC’s and different support teams on bridge calls to troubleshoot and resolve network issues.

· Experience in providing hands and feet support in DC activities and NOC operations.(Installation, Patching ,Point to point link testing’s, link utilizations, packet captures, Bandwidth testing).
· Have experience in providing RCA’s for link failures and availability issues.

· Worked on different NMS monitoring and incident management tools (WhatsUpGold, Nagios, Capstone, Flex Master, Solar winds, Wire shark, Siebel, Service Now, Net flow Analyzer, NCCM, CSPC, DCNM.)
· Upgrading and backups of configuration files.

· Maintaining various network reports and SOP’s for networks.
· Network HLD, LLD network topology designs by Visio/PP.
· Network Audit configuration templates and report generation.
· Understanding of ITIL and change management. 
Employers
Quess Corp Ltd.
Outsource to Cisco Systems Inc.
Client- Reliance Jio

March 2017 to Sept 2017 as Network Configuration Engineer.

Pinaki Softcon Pvt. Ltd.

Outsource to HCL Technologies

Client- Warner Music Group

April 2016 to March 2017 as L2 Network Engineer.
Tikona Digital Networks 

Nov 2013 to April 2016 as Network Executive
Gemini Communications Ltd.

Client- Tikona Digital Networks 

April 2011 to Oct 2013 as Network Engineer in NOC.
3i Infotech CSL
Client- NIC (National Informatics Center), Jaipur
June 2010 to April 2011 as Asst. Network Engineer in INOC  
Educational Summary
Bachelor of Engineering (B.E) in 2009
Field of Study

  : Computer Science and Engineering

University

  : University of Rajasthan, Jaipur. 

Div. /Percentage
  : First Div.  

Senior Secondary (12th)

Board                                  : CBSE

Institute/School
  : DAV Public School

Div. /Percentage
  : Second Div. 

Secondary (10th)

Board


  : CBSE

Institute/School
  : DAV Public School

Div. /Percentage
  : First Div.   
Personal Particulars

Date of Birth

  : 22nd March 1984
Nationality

  : Indian

Gender


  : Male

Marital status

  : Married
Father’s Name

  : Mr. Mahesh Chandra 
Father’s Occupation
  : Farmer
Extra - Curricular Activities and Achievements
               Participated in NCC in school level.



NCC - A Certificate. 
Skipper of three times gold winning zonal level kabaddi team.

Received book prize of NSTSE 2000 in high school. 
Self - Assessment
Have strong work related ethics and I believe in team sprit for achieving the goals of my organization. I do hereby declare that all the statements made in the CURRICULUM VITAE are true, complete and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief

(Omveer Singh)







              Date:  ____/ ____    


