





















































  AVINASH ROGYE.

Aashraya, Next to neelamber apartments, Opposite B.E.S.T quarters, second altamount road, Mumbai 400026. Email: avinash.rogye@gmail.com. Mobile: 9819857750.

Career objective:
 To create and sustain a career in management by successfully utilizing my pre possessed skill set and knowledge and also by aligning my personal goals with the objectives of a company to ensure and facilitate complete intellectual, personal and professional growth. 

Work Experience:

Worked as a Recruitment Consultant with IFCM Counselors Pvt. Ltd from November 2011 till January 2012
Profile: HR (recruitment) and Business Development.

Key Responsibilities:

Managing Corporate Clients And Maintaining Correspondence with their H.R. Department For Filing Existing Vacancies With their Organization.

Sourcing for new candidates using online databases for available positions.

Maintaining Constant Contact with both the company and the candidates throughout various rounds of interviews and finally attaining closure.

Working on Business Development by working on new Clients' acquisition and also Retention of Clients to recruit for.

Worked With IFCM Human Assets Management Pvt Ltd. On an internship as a Recruitment Intern. For a period of three months from August 2011 to November 2011.

Profile: H.R (recruitment)

Key Responsibilities:
Sourcing profiles as per clients' requirements and lining up interviews eventually ensuring Closures.

Worked with Ashok Agencies (a kid’s garment manufacturing company) as business development executive. For a period of 13 months From July 2010 till August 2011.

Profile: Business Development.

Key Responsibilities: 

Interacting with wholesalers, retailers and exporters of kids garments for sale of manufactured product.

Organizing and participating in trade exhibitions for garments.

Planning promoting the brand “kilo” using trade fairs, social media, exhibitions,catalogs,etc.

Academic qualifications:

	COURSE
	Year of passing  
	University 
	Institution 
	Percentage

	
	
	
	
	

	S.S.C
	2005
	Maharashtra state board
	St. Xavier’s High School.
	77.46 %

	H.S.C
	2007
	Mumbai university
	JAI HIND COLLEGE
	73.00

	B.Com (majors in management).
	2010
	Mumbai university
	JAI HIND COLLEGE  
	72.14


Personal traits and profile:

*   Excellent communication skills.

*   Effective, creative and innovative thinker.

*   Good at managing people and directing team efforts towards a common objective.

*   Positive attitude, self motivated and adaptable to different working environments.

*   Confident.

Training experiences:

Volunteer worked with AIESEC. The world’s largest student run organizations present in over 115 countries for 2 years from august 2008 to august 2010.

* August 2008 – April 2009: Worked in Trainee Servicing and Finance

* April 2009 – October 2009: Worked as Manager – Internship Program

* October 2009 – August 2010: Worked With Communication and information Management.

Was a part of the organizing committee of The Indus India entrepreneurship, enterprising India summit of 2009.
Was active in the ROTRACT club of JAI HIND COLLEGE and other college committees.

 Personal Interests: 

Playing and watching Cricket and football, listening to music, reading poetry and watching stand up comedy acts.

Personal Details:

D.O.B : 30 July 1989.

Marital status : Single 

Nationality: Indian

Languages known: English, Hindi, Marathi, Gujarati (spoken).

I hereby declare that the above information is correct and true to the best of my knowledge.

Date:
Place:                                                                                                                       Signature:
