






































BIO - DATA












P.SAI SRINIVAS
                                                           
[DEAF & DUMB]                                                                                                                                                                    
Mobile No: 9848074640 (CALL)

       E – Mail ID: podilasaisrinivas5@gamil.com
                   7416488607 (SMS)

Career Objective





To serve the organization as Data Processing Officer (D.P.O) / Data Entry Operator (D.E.O) as best as I can utilize my full capacity for its best to increase my knowledge & experience by working in such organization & be an asset for organization.

Professional Qualification

· Diploma in Computer Applications
· Diploma in D.T.P

Work Experience
· Worked as a Data Processing Officer (D.P.O) from July 2010 to January 2014 on Contract / Outsourcing at O/o Deputy Director, Social Welfare Department, Hyderabad District, through Sai Security Services, Hyderabad. 
· Currently working as Data Entry Operator in Karvy Data Management Systems since one year.

· He is dedicated towards his work and responsibilities given by his superiors at work place in turnaround time. He has been discharging his duties to the utmost satisfaction of his superiors, without giving room for any sort of complaint and any short of performance of established bench-marks from any of the staff members.
Computer Literacy / Skills




· Data Processing Officer / Data Entry Operator with Typewriting to working and division of book etc., and it any proof reader’s to copy that computer in knowledge of typing in MS-Word, MS-Excel etc.,
Hobbies
·  Working on Computer, Internet etc.,
Academic Qualification 


	  Name of Exam


	Year of Passing
	         Institute
	Board/University


	Percentage

	S.S.C


	March - 2007
	Sweekar & Upkar Special School for Deaf &Dumb, Secunderabad
	Board of Secondary Education - AP
	59.75%

	Intermediate
	June - 2009
	John Peter Memorial Junior College for the Deaf
	Board of Intermediate - AP
	43.62%

	B.Com 
	April - 2014
	Helen Keller’s Degree College for the Deaf
	Osmania University - AP
	53%



	Dip. Computer Applications
	2009
	CMTES Informatics Limited 
	-
	55%

	Dip. Account Package

	2010
	CMTES Informatics Limited 
	-
	60%

	Dip. D.T.P

	2010
	National Small Industries Corporation Limited 
(A Govt of India Enterprise)
	-
	-


Personal Information
· Name 
                      :
     P.Sai Srinivas
· Father’s Name        : 
     P.G.Sudarshan
· Date of Birth           : 
     26/06/1989
· Gender                    :       Male
· Marital status         :      Married

· Nationality              :
     Indian

· Languages Known  :
     English, Telugu (To Write)
· Physically Challenged:  “YES” Hearing Handicapped (MUTE)
· Address

:    H.No: 13-1-689, MANGALHAT, Hyderabad – 500 006.
Declaration
I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars.                                                                                                                              
Keeping in view the above, I sincerely request you to kindly give an opportunity to serve as D.E.O / D.P.O in your esteemed organization under your kind control I assure you that I will discharge my duties to the satisfaction of my superiors. 
P.SAI SRINIVAS


                       

