

















   Curriculum Vitae	



Mehzabeen H. Mangalorewala
vinebudd@gmail.com
Contact no: 9867790693
Present location: Mumbai.


Career Objective
To grow as a learning professional in a dynamic and growth oriented organization, where I can develop my intellectual skills to gain versatile experience and career growth, and contribute effectively and efficiently to the organization goals.


Education
Bachelor in commerce & Master in commerce from Mumbai University, Mumbai (Maharashtra).



Skill Set
Operating System
MS-DOS, Windows 98 / XP / Vista/Tally 7.2 & 9,TRIO, Scod etc.
Programming Languages
C-language.
Concepts
Financial accountancy and Direct & Indirect  Taxation.

Educational Qualification 

Qualification
Month & year of passing
University
Result


S.S.C
Mar 2003
Maharashtra State Board
First class
H.S.C
Mar 2005
Maharashtra State Board
First class
B COM
May 2008
Mumbai Univ
First class

M COM
May 2010
Mumbai Univ
Second Class


Achievements

Presentations:  Power Point Projects                 
                   

Work Experience

Bandukwala & co. 
Account Assistant for 3 months.
Duties: 

·     Performed account reconciliations and general ledger entries. 
·     Tallying profit & loss Statements and Balance sheet.
· 	Responsible for the financial transactions including balance and deposit of the daily takings.
·	Prepared invoices, sales and revenue reports 


S A Enterprises
Accounting Services, for 1 year.
Duties: 
·	Performed account reconciliations and general ledger entries. 
·	Spearheaded the new company customer relationship initiative. 
·	Handled purchase of imported raw material and procuring rates.
·	Prepared invoices, sales and revenue reports.
·	Worked with team members in tasks such as updating general ledgers and journal. 
·	Maintained and built strong relationships while assisting and advising in financial decisions and choices. 
·	Championed the managed accounts department of the business managed client books and accounts. 
·	Monitored proper controls and systems to effectively manage inventory levels. 




Extra Curricular Activities
·	Given active participation in the Gathering functions, Blood donation  
          camps, Debate competitions, Recitations, etc

·	Given active participation in Sports like Badminton, Carom, 
   Volleyball etc


Personal Information

Date of Birth 		: 26th March, 1988.
Gender 			: Female 
Qualification		: Master of commerce in accountancy
Marital Status		: Married
Nationality			: Indian
Caste                	: Muslim-Dawoodi Bohra
Languages Known	: English, Hindi, Urdu and Marathi.
Hobbies			: Photography, Reading Books, Trekking.

I hereby declare that all the above information is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.


