










































RavitejaK

 




AHAMAD SHAIK

E-Mail: ​​​​ahamadshaik212@gmail.com.
Contact: +91-9398619372.
Looking for a challenging career where I can apply my knowledge, acquire new skills and                                Contribute constructively to the organization.
Professional Summary
· A dynamic professional with 2.0 years of experience in Software Developement.
· Involved in the coding, unit testing, integration and Project Hosting.
· Extensive working Experience in building web based N-tiered applications based on Microsoft .NET framework 4.6/4.0/3.5 using ASP.NET, C#, ADO.NET, AJAX, JavaScript, JQuery, HTML technologies.

· Hands on experience in using Team Foundation Server, SVN.
· Extensively Working knowledge with Entity Framework.

· Extensively worked in developing Web applications using ASP.Net MVC pattern.
· Extensively Working knowledge with different Query languages like SQL.
· Working knowledge with client side technologies like HTML, CSS, JQuery. 
· Working with Visual Studio IDE, SQL Server Management Studio.
· Having good interpersonal skills and zeal to learn new things.
· Strong but realistic belief in own capabilities and ideas, exhibiting a “can do” attitude and seeing     problems as “solvable”.
Technical Skills 
Operating Systems
             :
Windows
Programming Languages
:
C#
Web Technologies

:
HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, ASP.Net, AJAX, Bootstrap
Framework Tools

:
.Net

RDBMS


:
SQL Server
IDE Tools


:
Visual Studio

Web Servers


:
IIS

SOA Programming Tools
:
Web Services
OR Mapping Tools

:
Entity Framework
Design Patterns

:
ASP.Net MVC

Previous Company

· Worked as Software Engineer (Application Developer) in Wingherry Technologies Pvt Ltd From Aug 2016 to Till Date.
Academics
· B.Tech from Andhra Engineering College, Atmakur, Andhra Pradesh in 2016
Projects Executed
Project #1 (Current Project)

Title

:  TSCA (Telengana State Contractors Assosiation)
Environment 
:  C#, ASP.Net , Sql Server 2012, Bootstrap, JQuery.
Role 

:  Developer

Team Size        :  4

Description      :  The objective of this project is to sale the used construction meterials like sand,cement,iron etc for those who want those meterials for constructions. This project is used for both buying and selling the meterials and also the machineries like ( jcp,cranes etc) for both buy and for rent. The main theme of this project is to provide skillfull and hardworking contractors for those who want them. This project provides construction workers for various needs of construction. All their profiles are included in this project. Here provided payment gateway for payments of customers.

Responsibilities:

· Interacting with the process associates and understanding the project requirements.

· Involved in web forms design.

· Implementation of Ajax controls like Modalpopupextender, update panel, timer etc. for dynamic functionalities.
· Adding JQuery controls for login and registration and currently working on adding more JQuery functionalities to the website.
· Used client side and server side error handling mechanism to avoid any bugs to the project and also used validation controls for validating the forms.
· Involved in coding & Maintenance of the application
Project #2

Title

:  HRMS (Human Resource Management System)  
Environment 
:  ASP.Net, C#, ADO.Net, Sql Server 2012, Bootstrap, 3-Tier.
Role 

:  Developer 
Team Size        :  4
Description    : 



The objective of this project is to maintain all Employees information like, Employee, HR and Manager Details. The Main concept of this project is, the employees will download monthly payslips.  Admin, Manager, HR & Employee are the main modules in this project. Admin will have permissions to manage all the company details. Manager will maintain HR, HR will maintain Employee. In Manager & HR Modules will manage Employee Leaves, Resignation Requests & Projects Details and Generate monthly Payslips of Employees
Responsibilities:

· Interacting with the process associates and understanding the project requirements.

· Involved in web forms design.

· Implementation of Ajax controls like ModalPopUpExtender, update panel, timer etc. for dynamic functionalities.
· Adding JQuery controls for login and registration and currently working on adding more Jquery functionalities to the website.
· Used client side and server side error handling mechanism to avoid any bugs to the project and also used validation controls for validating the forms.
· Involved in coding & Maintenance of the application.

Strengths
· Ability to represent my organization in competition with others as a professionally communicative and debating candidate.

· Capability to work as a part of a team or even can lead independently.

· Dissolving with versatile natured people to create a cheerful work-oriented environment.

· Self-confident to resolve any hurdles through my own experiments and optimistic attitude.

Personal Details

             Name                              :   SK.Ahamad
Father’s Name                :   SK.Thahar Saheb
Date of Birth                   :    9th May, 1995
Address                          :    7/98A, Tenkayathopu Street,
                                            Atmakur (VI) (PO), SPSR Nellore (DT),

                                                         Andhra Pradesh.

             Marital Status                 :    Single
Languages to known
:    English, Telugu and Hindi
Nationality

:    Indian
PLACE: - Hyderabad  




 (Faithful Declaration by)

Date     : -




        Shaik Ahamad
