









































Krishna Kishore .N

1




CV of Ramesh Reddy Meka

Ramesh Reddy Meka
Email: rameshrmeka@gmail.com
Mobile No: +91-9700004656

Unix / Veritas Administrator
Career Profile
· Information Technology professional with around 5 years of overall & relevant experience in deploying and maintaining Unix Systems at server level.

· Experienced in problem solving & troubleshooting skills
· Sound Knowledge on Sun Solaris 8/9/10, Solaris Volume Manager and Veritas Volume Manager. Good command over Linux.
· Good Hands-on Knowledge on Veritas Cluster Server.
Core Competencies
· Sun Solaris Administration 8/9/10 
· Solaris/Veritas Volume Manager

· Veritas Cluster Server
· Red Hat Linux Administration

Technical Proficiencies
Platforms



:  UNIX (Solaris, Linux), Sun Sparc.
System Administration

:  Sun Solaris 8/9/10, Red Hat Linux 4.0.
Network Services


:  NFS, NIS, DNS.
Storage



:  EMC Clarion,DMX
Sun Server Hardware

:  M5000, V440, V890, T2000, T5440 etc.
Tools




:  Veritas Volume Manager, Cluster Server

Professional Experience
Project Profiles:
Project # 1







Dec 2009 – Till date

Organization: IBM India Pvt Limited, Hyderabad
Designation: UNIX Systems Administrator
Client Description: The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. (NYSE: HIG), usually known as The Hartford, is a Fortune 100 company and one of America’s largest investment and insurance companies. With 2011 revenues of $34.7 billion, The Hartford is a leading provider of investment products, life insurance and group benefits; automobile and homeowners products; and business property and casualty insurance.
Key contributions:
· Supporting around 2000+ production servers which are running with Oracle, Web-hosting,    

        Siebel, Clarify, Power-Broker, Centrify, Autosys and other third party applications.

· Managing and administering remote UNIX systems (Sun Solaris, Red hat Linux & HP-UX) 


  Using Incident, Change and Problem Management with an underlying concept of ITIL.
· Providing technical and process related assistance to fellow employees to provide prompt 

      and reliable service to meet the SLAs (Service Level Agreements). 
· Installation and administration of Sun Solaris systems running with Oracle database. 

· Vendor liaison with SUN/HP for equipment upgrades, repair, and maintenance.
· Installed Veritas storage foundation suite for mirroring and raid level configurations on 
        EMC storage frames.
· Configuring and managing packages in veritas Cluster server. Also Performing 


      Activities like Failover, Switchover & adding node to the running cluster etc.
· Performing Activities like: Disk replacement, DIMM replacement, Running FSCK, Kernel 

      Patching, adding a new service group to the Cluster, Breaking the Mirror Disk for 

      patching, Changing IP Address, Installing HBA Drivers,Performing therapeutic reboots by 
         coordinating with onsite team/vendor.

·    Installing, Upgrading and Administering Operating Systems and applying Patches & 
   Packages for Applications.

·   Replacing the failed hardware by raising a case to the vendor and communicating the same   

        with datacentre Team.

· Administering Veritas cluster functionality like adding resources, failover, freeze, unfreeze, setting dependencies, understanding logs when resolving related issues.

Project # 2







Jun 2007 – Dec 2009

Organization: Chevron IT Solutions Pvt. Ltd.
Designation: Systems Administrator
Client Description: Heritage Foods (India) Limited
Key contributions:
· Supporting around 200+ servers (Sun & Linux) which are running with Jumpstart, Veritas, Database, Tivoli, and some other third party applications.

· Managing Server Storage using Veritas volume manager and Solaris volume manager for Data Redundancy and Expansion of storage.
· Daily tasks include resolving Service requests raised by customers on priority basis, raising (Normal/Emergency) ECM requests as per requirement, and updating the changes in Centralized Inventory.

· Managing Server transitioning to Live Production & Decommissioning as per the requirement in environment.

· Administering (Creating, Mount/Unmount, File System Integrity, Backup/Restore) the File Systems (UFS, NFS).
· Confident of Configuring, Maintaining, and Troubleshooting Server and client Systems enabled NFS with Auto mount services.
· Monitoring System Performance of Virtual memory, System events, Swapping, Disk utilization, CPU utilization.
· Scheduling of automatic repetitive Jobs using commands  with Crontab. 

· Configuring and Implementing different RAID levels 0, 1, 0+1 & 5 for storage expansion, performance optimisation and data redundancy.
Certification Credentials 
Sun Certified System Administrator (Solaris 10)
Education And Credentials
Gokaraju Rangaraju Institute of Engineering & Technolgy,Hyderabad (Andhra Pradesh), India.

B.Tech in Electrical Engineering (2003-2007).
Personal Profile
Father’s Name

:
M.Siva Reddy
Marital Status

:
Married
Gender


:
Male

Nationality


:
Indian
Date of Birth


:
18-04-1986
Passport No


:
F4459827











(Ramesh Meka)
Page 1
10300 Eaton Place, Suite 300, Fairfax, Virginia 22030-Tel; 703-691-0400-Resume of Sharad Maheswari 
1
Page 3 of 4

