










































CURRICULUM VITAE

Bera.Srihari                                                 
Address: No; 1-57/5/27 sriram nagar colony, 8thBn APSP kondapur, Hyderabad -500032.


Mobile No: 9885583127 /9391260327.  

Email: srihari673@gmail.com 

                                  BPO SERVICES
                                                   Seeking assignments across the industry

PROFILE & STRENGTH
· A competent professional with over 5 years experience in BPO SERVICES with excellent understanding of business dynamics and updated market knowledge combined with creative strategies. 

· Solutions oriented approach with outstanding relationship skills, successfully and consistently delivering the responsibilities of revenue generation and customer satisfaction.

· Exceptional communication skills coupled with verbal and written skills
· Possess leadership skills and short listed by the company to undergo training from the client for new process namely GPRS, imparted training to fresh associates for the same.

· Optimistic individual with immense zeal and enthusiasm to accept and meet challenges in the competitive environment, while delivering required results and ensuring efficient workflow functioning.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Reliance BIG Entertainment Pvt Ltd (BIGADDA)                                                March 01, 2011 to till date.

(Reliance BIG Entertainment is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Reliance Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group handling its media and entertainment business, across content and distribution platforms. The key content initiative is across Movies, Music, Sports, and Gaming, Internet & mobile portals, leading to direct opportunities in delivery across the emerging digital distribution platforms: digital cinema, IPTV, DTH and Mobile TV)
Call Center Manager for Reliance Big Adda (Client Service).                          (March 01 to till date)
Process: Reliance BIG Entertainment

Job profile:
2 Currently reporting to Mr. Abhishek Jha (Sr. Manager )
3 Currently  Monitor the South call centers ( AP , Kannada & Tamil ) 
4 Driving conversion at South Call Center and Implemented Customer Service Process

5 Handling 3 teams of 55 agents (sales team) and 15 agents (verification team) and 10 agents (Customer Service) respectively.

6 Co-ordinating with the customer service team for solving customer complaints.

7 Suggested the customer service module for effective tracking of the complaints.

8 Maintaining proper reports of the complaints on daily basis with the current status of the complaints and their individual progress

9 Check Total Staffing/Shift Staffing/Language Staffing at Caretel. Provide suggestions based on it
10 Responsible for developing and administering systems, reports as well as scheduling inventories and project completion dates

11 Handled the tasks of providing management oversight and direction to electronic commerce and electronic business effort of the organization

12 Responsible for promoting products and services directly to on-line customers

13 Developed and managed marketing tests and new product

14 Responsible for identifying, managing and evaluating of South Call Centers

15 Assigned the tasks of establishing entrepreneurial goals of electronic commerce of the organization

16 Possess excellent written and verbal communication skills to call centers & Organization
17 Preparing Cust Service Training Material & Process

18 Preparing Outbound Survey Questions – Delivered & Refused and  Successfully  Completed 
19 Helping the centre with all the possible resources required to increase the productivity.

Additional Activities:

1. Providing Training for Existing CSR’s on sales 
2. Providing the demo on highest selling Products to increases the sales ( Order on daily bases )

3. Sending Reports & RO schedules to All Call Centers

4. Tracking the RO Order on daily bases

5. Maintaining Reports
Achievements
· Achieved “Best Center” & “Top Conversion Center “for 4 consecutive months from Reliance.
Caretel India Pvt Ltd (BPO Services).                                                                         March 10, 2010 to Feb 28’11.
(Caretel has the skills to integrate and manage business processes for multiple markets, industrial segments and technology platforms we believe that customer satisfaction is profitable and affordable, because a satisfied customer becomes your salesman forever .outsourcing of non-core processes allows organisations to focus on their core expertise making them more competitive in the market place. Business Processes Outsourcing (BPO) requires a contact center that can cater to the domain-specific needs blending seamlessly with the client's core systems and processes... We ensure that all our processes and training are focused to deliver customer satisfaction)

Asst Manager for Caretel India Pvt Ltd.,                                                          (March 10 to Feb 28’11)
Process: Reliance India Mobile / Big Adda / KCC

Job profile:
1 Reported to RM- South(Nikhil Bali)
2 Monitoring other training teams.

3 Attend Conference Calls and Visit the Clients & meet their requirements

4 Monitor the overall training performance which includes certification process, training modules, absenteeism, attrition in training, over all training reports.

5 Refresher training to team leaders & Quality Analysts

6 Conduct Interviews for New Hires – Agents, Trainers and Quality Analysts

7 Preparing schedules for refresher training to entire floor which will be handled by regular trainers.

8 Create a Career Path for the Trainers within the Organization

9 Preparing & uploading question papers for training certification & monthly online test for entire floor.

10 Soft skill training to all the new batches.

11 Maintaining entire training reports.

12 SPOC for entire training related concerns.

13 Floor handling during non availability of operations.

14 Preparing TNI based on quality scores.

15 Identify the pain and the gain areas and impart training on the same.

16 Soft skill training to all the KCC (Kisan Call Center).

17 Maintain the complete MIS for Caretel Hyderabad. 

18 Be a part of Call Calibration sessions with the Clients and Quality Teams

19 Trained More than 50 batches for the Hyderabad Process. 

Additional Activities:

1 Part of Recruitment process.

2 Devised bridge process.

3 Done RCA on MAFI (Fatal error) calls. 

4 Regular client interactions for Product and Process improvement.

5 Took an initiative to reduce the AHT for the executives who are trending high.

6 Trained entire floor on GSM
Achievements
· Achieved “Best performer” & “Top Partner location” for 6 consecutive months from DACK Team (RBPO Team)
WORK EXPERIENCE

Caretel India Pvt Ltd (BPO Services). 
Sr.Trainer / Team Lead for Caretel India Pvt Ltd.,                                  (July 24 to 09th March’10)
Process: Reliance India Mobile

Job profile:

1 Providing process training to new recruits

2 Monitoring other training teams.

3 Monitor the overall training performance which includes certification process, training modules, absenteeism, attrition in training, over all training reports.

4 Refresher training to team leaders.

5 Preparing schedules for refresher training to entire floor which will be handled by regular trainers.

6 Preparing & uploading question papers for training certification & monthly online test for entire floor.

7 Soft skill training to all the new batches.

8 Maintaining entire training reports.

9 SPOC for entire training related concerns.

10 Floor handling during non availability of operations.

11 Preparing TNI based on quality scores.

12 Identify the pain and the gain areas and impart training on the same.

13 Soft skill training to all the KCC (Kisan Call Center).

14 Maintain the complete MIS for Caretel Hyderabad. 

15 Be a part of Call Calibration sessions with the Clients and Quality Teams

16 Trained More than 30batches for the Hyderabad Process.
Additional Activities:

1) Part of Recruitment process.

2) Devised bridge process.

3) Took an initiative to reduce the AHT for the executives who are trending high

4) Trained entire floor on GSM

Achievements
      1  
Awarded as best trainer for the month of Jan & Feb-09 for 100% certification.

WORK EXPERIENCE

 Aegis BPO Services Ltd.                                                                                 Nov 14, 2006 to June 13th, 2008                                         
(Aegis is a thought leader in the customer interaction services segment managing varied modes of customer contact from the stage of opportunity estimation for a product or service in a given market through to analyzing and reporting the customer behavior in a live environment. As part of its bouquet of services offered to clients, Aegis provides multichannel customer contact management services with database management, analytical services and market intelligence to global leaders in vertical segments. Aegis utilizes over 19,000 personnel located across the globe to deliver service excellence with state-of-the-art technology and a global delivery footprint) 

Job Profile: 

IDEA Cellular (RISK MANAGEMENT)                                                                              

Customer Care Executive & Operations Councilor

Responsibilities

· Preparing reports for Daily Productivity (DPR).

· Monitoring Agent Efficiency Report (AER).Handling five sub processes. GPRS, Dealer Desk(DHD), PCO,
      Y-Repeat callers, Dialer tones.
Team Management / Lead
· Training new recruits in the department.

· Trained freshers.

· Mentoring on the floor team.

Coordination / Communication

· Conducting team briefings every day and sharing updates on the floor. 
· Assisting the Management for the workflow.

· Controlling the floor in absence of TL (Team Leader).

ACCOMPLISHMENT
· Achieved “Best performer”, award for efforts in fulfilling Aegis BPO mission and core values within short time by Manoj Kumar (VP).

· Achieved 100% quality for 11 consecutive months.
· Recognized for the Teamwork, by Head of Talent Acquisition.
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION
B.sc - 2006
B.sc from osmania university, Hyderabad.
Higher Senior Secondary -2003
International Jr college shaikpet.
Senior Secondary -2001
Sri Rama high school kondapur. 

TECHNICAL SKILL

	Operating Systems
	Windows 98/2000.

	Tools
	MS-office


PERSONAL PROFILE

	Hobbies & Interests
	Playing Cricket.


DECLARATION:

I here by declare that all the particulars given above are true and correct to best of my knowledge.
Date:
Place:    Hyderabad.                                                                                                           (B.Srihari)
