



















































 
shrinkhlajoshi@gmail.com 

+91-9826-99-5552 
 

SHRINKHLA JOSHI 

SUMMARY SOFT SKILLS TRAINER, HUMAN RESOURCE PROFESSIONAL & GENERAL 
ADMINSTRATOR  

I am a human resource professional with 4 years of experience. I have graduated in 
commerce from Delhi University and also hold a management degree from IMT 
Ghaziabad. I additionally have also cleared CA (PE-II ) level and have also had stint 
with accounting and taxation firm. For the last 3 years I have invested in learning 
more towards the human capital side. 

SKILLS & ABILITIES  Soft Skills Trainer, Voice & Accent, Content Developer 

 Devising and delivering ‘functional’ programmes (PD, Sales, Front & Back Office) 

 HR Planning and Operations 

 Creating programmes on employee engagement, retention, training and 

development. 

 Good knowledge of Accounting & Taxation practices in India. 

PROFESSIONAL 
EXPERIENCE 

SOFT SKILLS TRAINER & ASST.HR MANAGER, REDCURRANT IT & MEDIACOM 
WORLDWIDE LLP (WWW.THEREDCURRANTINDIA.COM)  

Redcurrant India is a fastest growing marketing process outsourcing and talent acquisition cum 

development company of Central India. It is a young bootstrap startup in the advertising, marketing and 

recruitment/training & development space. 

Jul’14 – till date 

HR & General Admin Duties 

 Assigned in an HR Generalist role to their marketing/call center division 

handling all gamut of activities wrt their employees.  

 Generalist role which involves planning, recruitment, operations and client 

servicing on a day to day basis. 

 Responsible for checking out requirements and recruiting people. Candidate 

recruitment, selection and on-boarding activities. Creating various retention 

plans and organizing rewards & recognition programme.  

 Managing day to day operations (grievance redressal, attendance etc) 

Trainer Duties 

 Creating as well as conducting various training and development programmes 

for internal and external employees and clients. 

Areas of Training & Development 

 English Language & Communication Skills (Written, Oral, Non-verbal) 

 Interpersonal, Teamwork & Leadership Skills 

http://www.theredcurrantindia.com/


  

 

 Corporate & Professional Ethics 

 Diversity & Inclusion Management 

 Decision Making & Negotiation Skills 

 Corporate & Professional Etiquette 

 Interview, Presentation & Oratory Skills 

 Motivation Skills 

 Critical Reasoning Skill 

HR ASSOCIATE, CORPORATE CATALYST INDIA, NEW DELHI 

Corporate Catalyst India is one of the leading and a specialist organization which help companies from all 

across the globe manage their ‘entry’ strategy in India. Their services include consultancy in set-ups, M&A, 

Partner Search, Market Research, Taxation and compliance issues viz, JSOX, IFRS etc. 

Jun’09 – Jan’10 

 Creating offer letters and generating compensation and benefits schedule for 

the‘new recruitments’ of their clients 

 Maintaining attendance and leave records. 

TRAINEE, ASA & ASSOCIATES, NEW DELHI ( A DIVISION OF CCI) 

May’08 – Jan’09 

 Handling Income Tax related activities, assessment of taxes work and filing of 
bi-annually as well as annually returns. 

 Looking after the tax Deduction at Source affecting to Organization as well as 
of various Key Clients 

 Trial Balance, Bank Reconciliation 

 P&L-Profit & Loss Management 

 Financial Statements & Balance Sheet  

 Tax Reporting & Planning, Audit & compliance 

 

EDUCATION  IMT, GHAZIABAD—PGDBM 
 ICAI —NEW DELHI —CHARTERED ACCOUNTANCY (PE-II LEVEL) 

 DELHI UNIVERSITY - NEW DELHI — B.COM (HONS.)   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



  

 

___/___/2017 

 

 

Subject: Application for teaching, administration or coordination positions 

 

Greetings! 

This is in context to the Teaching/General Administration vacancies posted on your website, I wish to share my 

candidature for the same. 

I am a commerce graduate from Delhi University possessing 4 years of industry experience into Human 

Resources, Training & Development and Accounting. Additionally I have also completed my PGDBM/MBA from 

Institute of Management Technology-Ghaziabad and cleared up to PE-II level of Chartered Accountancy from 

ICAI, New Delhi. 

After working in the corporate sector for some time, I took a sabbatical of couple of years to raise my own 

children. It is then I discovered my interest towards educating and nurturing the saplings through a right 

scholastic and training system and my latent desire to be a part of it that drive me to apply. 

I have a good academic background and have scored well in my academic career. I have a good industry 

experience into Human Resources, Training and Development and General Administration. Though I do not have 

any formal teaching experience but have trained many individuals and corporates in my current organization as 

a Soft Skills Trainer. 

 

It is my goal to combine my range of experience with my ability to be a compassionate, enthusiastic, 

intelligent individual who will make a positive contribution to your school and largely to the community by 

being a part of the ever-evolving, new age education system. 

 

I would welcome an interview and hope to hear from you at your earliest convenience. 

 

Warm Regards, 

 

Shrinkhla Joshi 

Indore (MP), India 

|e: shrinkhlajoshi@gmail.com |m: + 91-9826-99-5552 | 

mailto:shrinkhlajoshi@gmail.com

