

















































India Resume Format

	
	
	



Prasanna Kumar Reddy Tamma 


	Email : tamma.prasanna5@gmail.com
Mobile No: +91 9493508421

	

	


Experience Summary

Having 2+ of IT experience in developing, delivering of software using wide variety of technologies in all phases of the development life cycle. Expertise in Java technologies, proven ability in project based leadership, team work and excellent analytical and communication skills. 
· Played Project lead role in projects successfully in the Information Technology for client such as Metropolitan Life Insurance (US).
· Very Strong Object-oriented concepts with complete software development life cycle experience - Requirements gathering, Conceptual Design, Analysis, Detail design, Development, Mentoring, System and User Acceptance Testing.
· Excellent Technical, communication and interpersonal skills with strong customer orientation and client interfacing skills. 

· Interacted with client directly from offshore in onshore status call with IT, Reviews with business, Requirement Analysis, Technical Design Document Walkthrough, QA etc.
· Excellent presentation skills – presented demo to Client.

· Good Knowledge and hands on experience in Spring, Web Service, JQuery, JPA and Hibernate Frameworks and I have hands on experience in Oracle, DB2. 
· Extensive development experience in different IDE’s like Eclipse, NetBeans, RAD 
· Experience in writing JUnit in test driven development.

· Possess Significant Knowledge on Insurance Process 
· Mentoring team members and acquainting them with time saving processes.
	Education and Certifications
Course

Name of college/ University

Percentage/CGPA

Year of Passing

B.Tech

K L University

9.1

2015

Intermediate

Sri Chaitanya

86.6

2011

S.S.C

Vamsi Academy

85.3

2009



	Technical Skills

	Hardware / Platforms
	Windows 98/XP/2000.

	Programming Languages

Frameworks
	JAVA, J2EE, Oracle 
Spring, JPA, Hibernate, Web Service

	Databases

Application Servers
	Oracle ,DB2
Tomcat, Websphere

	Scripting Languages

IDE’s                               
	JSTL, JQuery, HTML, JavaScript, 
Eclipse, RAD 9.0

	Version Control Systems
	CVS, Star Team, SDA



	Relevant Project Experience


Organization:   Cognizant Technology Solutions

Project #1

Title 


Bank of America Leave Integration
Client 

            MetLife 

Project Type
            Development

Operating System
Windows 7.

Technology

J2EE, DB2, Oracle,Junit with Mockito and Power Mockito
Server


Websphere 8

Database

 Db2, Oracle
Team Size 

12
Role


Team Member

Period

            Dec 2016 – Current

Project Objective

 To generate a Feed File that contains information about Leave and Leave Types for each and every employee and provide to Bank.
Project Description

The Project purpose was to provide the File that will contain Employees Leave Data like what kind of leave(Maternity, Paternity, Military etc)  and whether those are paid are unpaid Leaves, How long it is active like leave start date, leave End Date, Return to Work Date etc.. 
Role and Responsibilities

· Discussions and Clarifications during the requirements gathering,

· Analysis of the all the modules and functionalities for the technical implementations
· Database design and functional design for case workflow

· Involved in coding Unit Testing, integrated testing and defect fixing

· Guided the team and owned leadership of the modules of junior resources,

· Peer review of the code and design of the team
	Personal information

	Name
	T.Prasanna kumar Reddy

	Date of Birth
Permanent Address
	19.08.1994
D.No:13-514, K.L.Rao Colony

	Passport No
Issue Date / Expiry Date                             
	L9901824
08/07/2014   -  07/07/2024

	
	


Declaration:   

I hereby affirm that the information provided by me is accurate and true to the best of my knowledge.

PLACE
:  

DATE
: 








(T.Prasanna)
	
	Page 1 of 3
	Dated: 03/12/17



