














































Shruti Jha 

Email:  anu.shruti12@gmail.com 

Contact No. 9654340828 

Career Objective 

To grow and nurture both personally and professionally in an organization. To utilize the experience 
and exposure I am carrying with me in for the betterment of the organization associated with. I would 
love to work in challenging situations to go beyond the limits and accept failure in a positive way so 
that lessons are learnt and worked upon. 

Working Experience 

Organization  AEGIS Limited, Noida, June 2017 – Present  

Role Fraud Analyst for AIRTEL Money Africa  
Software Tools      
Used 

 

SQL and SAS Tool. 

 
Responsibilities 

 Analysing transactions done on AIRTEL Money applications and 
detecting suspicious or fraudulent activities that may lead to 
revenue loss. 

 Fetching TDR (Transaction Data Records) using Mobiquity 
application for Database maintained by Airtel Money. Using SQL 
Queries to fetch records from DB. 

 Actively involved in the Real Time Monitoring of different types of 
wallet transactional Fraud in 15 African Countries operated by Airtel 
Africa using SAS Application. 

 Wrote complex SQL Queries using complex joins, grouping, 
aggregation, nested sub queries, cursors, etc. 

 Imported, exported and manipulated large data sets in multi-
million-row databases under tight deadlines. 

 Analysing the retrieved data from DB on MS Excel [using graphical 
representation, Pivot table & using formulas]. 

 Performed early detection, prevention and minimization of losses 
through review of suspect transactions as generated by transaction 
monitoring systems. 

 Escalating suspicious usage to relevant Operation countries OPCOs 
via mails (Outlook) describing suspected fraud with attached data. 

 Handled confidential information in accordance with private 
policies. 

 Recognized as a problem solver and a person of high integrity with 
attention to detail. 

 Responsible for training and assisting all team members. 

 

mailto:%20anu.shruti12@gmail.co


Organization  Cognizant Technology Solutions, May 2016 – September 2016 

Role Programmer Analyst Trainee 
Software Tools      
Used 

 

Eclipse 

 

Responsibilities 
 Successfully completed training in JAVA and completed a project ‘Claims 

Management System’ of Insurance Domain where an online portal is 
created so that a user can claim insurance in case of any calamity. 

 

 

Technical Skills 

 Operating System            :  Windows 

 Programming Languages:  SQL, BASE SAS, OOPS concept, Basic Java, SDLC 

 Business Intelligence       : Tableau 

 Others                                : Advanced Ms Excel 

 

Educational Background 

Grade Board Institution 
Percentage(year 
passing) 

B. Tech 
Biju Patnaik University of 

Technology 
Koustuv Institute of Technology, 

Bhubaneswar 
71 (2015) 

12th CBSE 
Rajkamal Saraswati Vidya Mandir, 

Dhanbad 
76 (2010) 

10th CBSE Dhanbad Public School, Dhanbad 83 (2008) 

 

 

Achievements 

 Awarded ‘Best Overall Performer’ in the month of February at Aegis Pvt. Ltd. 

 Selected in the pilot batch on the basis of performance for the training in the ‘SAS’ at the 

‘AIRTEL’. 

 



 

Personal Details 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Declaration 

I hereby declare that the details furnished above are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and 
belief and I undertake to inform you of any changes therein, immediately. 

 

Date:  

Place: Delhi 

 

 

DOB  :  24-Sep-1991 

Fathers Name :  Pramod Kumar Jha 

Mothers Name :  Prita Jha 

Hobbies/Interests :  Reading Books and Travelling 

Language Known  :  Hindi and English 

Marital Status  :  Single 

Nationality  :  Indian 


