


































 

Mr. Arnab Debnath  
 
FlatNo-B/304, PriyankAppt 
MRoad, Kondivita                                              Contact No: +91-9619530262  
Andheri(E)                                                      E-mail: arnabdebnath07@gmail.com 
Mumbai - 400059 
                                        
                                          

 
 
 

Professional Objective: 
 

Willing to work as a key player in a leading organization where my abilities would be utilized to 
the fullest in creative environment and get my technical skills enhanced by learning new things in 
long term career. 

 
Summary: 

 
PROFFESSIONAL SUMMARY: 

     Ability to deliver with high quality under critical situation. 
     Ability & willingness to learn new technology rapidly. 

 
PROFFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: 

     Company: Ixia Solutions (Praxis Interactive Technologies Pvt. Ltd.) 
607 & 608, Multistoried Bldg (AC), SEEPZ-SEZ, Andheri (E), Mumbai-400096. 

Duration: September 21, 2015 to Present (2 Year 1 Months exp.) 
Position: Software Engineer  

 
 
 

Educational Qualification: 
 

 Diploma in Advanced Computing – Center of Development in Advanced Computing, C- 
DAC KHARGAR, A Grade (62.00%) 

Bachelor of Technology (EEE) – (WEST BENGAL UNIVERSITY) Institute of Engineering 
and Industrial Technology, Durgapur. (7.49) 

      H.S.C. - WEST BENGAL Board, K.B.B. High school, Katwa. (64.00%) 

S.S.C. - WEST BENGAL Board, K.D.I. High school, Katwa. (64.37%) 
 

 
Software Exposures: 

 

Technologies .Net Framework, Asp.net MVC, Entity Framework 

 
Tools 

MS Visual Studio 2012/2015, SQL Server Management Studio 
2014, Advanced Rest Client Services. 

DBMS/RDBMS SQL Server 2005, SQL Server 2008, SQL Server 2014 

Languages C# 

Internet Technologies MVC, C#, RAZOR, SQL, HTML, Ajax, JavaScript, J-Query 

Operating Systems MS-Windows XP/7/8 

Office Productivity Tool Ms-Office 2010, MS-Excel 2007 

 
 



 

 
 
 

Project Description 
 

 

Name FlinnPrep  
 

 

Role Software Developer  

Platform  C#,MVC,RAZOR,SQL,HTML, CSS, JQUERY 
 

Project Duration September, 2016 To Present 
 

 

Team Size 4 
 

 
Description: 

 
  This is a Web site which is built in Agile Methodology. Students and Teachers can login and access 
all their details.Students can explore the units and can give assessments for respective 
units.Students and Teachers can see the scores. 

 
Responsibilities: 

 
     Involved in developing Program Logic. 
     Requirement analysis. 
     As a consultant to testing. 
 

 
 
 
 

Project Description 
  

Name Campus Nexus 
 

 

Role Software Developer 
 

Platform .Net 4.5, C# 5.0, SQL Server 2008, Entity Framework 6.0 
 

Project Duration January, 2016 to August, 2016 
 

 

Team Size 8 
 

 
Description: 

Nexus-EcoSystem provides an integrated suite of applications for the automation and 
management of the complete student lifecycle. The Ecosystem provide the facility to holds and 
track the Institution getting enrolled, along with students and instructors, enrollment of student 
and registration for running courses, scheduling the classsection and grading the students based 
on the progress. 
 
Contribution / Highlights  
● Used TFS for tracking the User Story development progress 
● Build and consumed WCF services 
● Developed business layer for orchestrating the logic performing CRUD operation using 
Stored Procedure(exist in the system) and entity framework 
● Used TFS for Code Reviews and followed best coding practices for Code development 
and optimization using ReSharper. 
· Developed Unit Test using MOQ 
· Developed Integration and Load Test. 
 

 



 

 
 

Project Description  
 

Name Campus Vue Management  

Role Software Developer  

Platform .Net 4.0, C#, J-Query, SQL Server 2008 

Project Duration September, 2015 to January, 2016 

Team Size 8 

 
Description: 

 
Campus Vue Management is a product for a US based University basically for students, 

faculty, and  administrators as  their  online  gateway to  academics, career  placement, office 
applications, and more. Easily integrated with Campus Vue Student, Campus Vue Portal brings 
the campus experience online to serve applicants, students, staff, employers, and alumni 
anywhere in the world. 

This is a portal which is built in Agile Methodology using SOA architecture & J-query. 
Students, staff, employers all can login and access all their details. Admin can assign the courses 
for a specific class, instructors can also be assigned to a section, and all the personal details with 
the details can be maintained in it. 

 
Responsibilities: 

 
     Involved in developing Program Logic. 
     Requirement analysis. 
     As a consultant to testing. 

 

Personal Information: 
 

Date of Birth  12th April,  1991  
Address City- Katwa, Pin - 713516, West Bengal 

 
Languages Known  English, Hindi, Bengali. 

Hobbies Playing Computer Lan Game, photography. 
 

 
 
Declaration: 
 
I hereby declare that above information is correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
 
Place: 

Date: 

 
 

(Arnab Debnath) 

 


