














































RESUME 

ROKADIYA KRIMA MUKESHBHAI 

Mobile No: +91-7567996964  

E-mail id: krimarokadiya@gmail.com 

   Career Objective: To have a growth oriented and challenging career, where I can contribute my 

knowledge and skills to the organization and enhance my experience through continuous 

learning and teamwork. I am ready to work on any advanced technology.  

Qualification: 

 

Professional education: 

Sr no.  Qualification   Board/University Marks/CPI   CGPA Year of 
Passing 

   1. B.E.            G.T.U      7.86    8.27   2016 

 

Academic education: 

Sr no.  Qualification   Board/University Marks/CPI   CGPA Year of 
Passing 

   1       12
th
        G.H.S.E.B    85.00%     ----   2012 

   2       10
th
             G.S.E.B    87.69%     ----   2010 

 

Achievements: 

 Received  certificates and medals continuosly three years in a row for best academic 

performance. 

 C,C++  and java certified from C-DAC. 

 Received certificate of android in college seminar. 

 Passed “Prakharta sodh” exam with distinction in 9
th

 standards. 

 

 

mailto:krimarokadiya@gmail.com


Subject of interest: 

 Surfing new things 

 Reading 

Key competencies: 

  Good interaction skill, willing to learn, handling pressure well, positive attitude, fast learning. 

Technical Skills: 

Programming Languages C,C++,core java, advanced java 
Technologies Java/J2EE (JDBC, Servlet, JSP,JSTL),Swing,javafx 

Operating Systems Microsoft Windows 
Database  Systems  MySQL 

Frame work MVC 
WebServer Tomcat/Glassfish 
Web Technologies HTML , CSS ,Java Script , JQuery,Ajax 
IDE Familiarity Net Beans,Eclipse 

 

Working Experience: 

1)Company :-  X’pert infotech 

Post :-   Trainee/Application Software developer 

Duration :-  Last 1 year of B.E (I.T) 

Product :-  Zaptro- an inter communication system 

Language & Tools :-  java , jsp , Sevlet , jdbc , hibernate, My sql , html , css , jquery  

Description :- The main concept of Intra-communication s/w is developing the 

communication with all persons of the same organization. The proposed system is to 

maintain the conferences, live meetings, general body meetings on the net. And also By 

selecting all the users in the list, Chat can be achieved. 

 

2)Company :-  Ayur Sattva Technovation,Ahmedabad 
 

Post :-  Software developer (java)  
 

Duration :- Since 13nd june 2016 to till date 
 



Product: 

VaidyaManager: 

Duration :-  During Job Time 

Language & Tools :-   javafxml  , My sql 

Web Site :- https://vaidyamanager.com 

Make an offline version of vaidya manager. 

 
 

Personal Details: 

 DOB                             :  19-12-1994 

 

Sex                  : Female 

 

Marital                            : Single 

 

Nationality      : Indian  

 

Intrests                         :  travelling and visiting new places, surfing 

 

Languages Known       : English, Hindi and Gujarati 

 

Reference:                       Mr.Satvik khara 

                                Hod of silver oak college   

     

          Ms.Sonal Dave 

                                         Project Guide 

                                         X’pert infotech 

Declaration: 

I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and 

belief. 

 

 

                                                                                                  Yours Sincerely, 

                                                                                                  Krima Rokadiya 

https://vaidyamanager.com/

