
















































Alankar Gupta

Business Data Analyst, 
B. TECH   in   Computer Science
Address: Indiranagar, Bangalore
Mobile: 8981732594 
Email: alankarguptamsit@gmail.com 
Born: 01.09.1991, Kolkata, India

KEY COMPETENCIES AND STRENGTHS
· Over 5 years working experience in Machine Learning, Data Mining and Big Data Analytics.
· Strong data analytical and programming skills especially with R, Python, SQL & Tableau.
· Excellent English writing and oral presentation skills.
· Strong team-work spirit with experience of working in highly challenging environments.

Key Project Experiences
· Text Analysis of Customer Reviews.
· Finding Best Customers with customer segmentation.
· Predict Customer Churn & Lifetime Value.
· Creating Sentiment analysis model.
· Enterprise Data Management System.

Education
Bachelor's Degree (BTECH) in Computer Science from
Meghnad Saha Institute of Technology, WBUT University, 
Batch of 2009-2013.

Certified in Business Analytics and Big Data from IIM Kashipur 2017


Employment Details:

	Company
	Last Designation
	Joining Date
	Relieving Date

	Milvik Technology Services
	Business Analyst
	2018-01-04
	Current Employer

	Cognizant Technology Services
	Product Specialist
	2013-11-22
	2018-01-03






SKILLS
Machine Learning Skills:
· Machine Learning		:  Classification, Regression, NLP, Deep Learning    
· Statistics			:  Regression, Confidence Interval, Bayesian 
Technical Skills:
· Languages			:  SQL, Python, R, Scala 
· Development Platforms	:  Anaconda, R-Studio, Unix, Hadoop
· Visualization Tool		:  Gephi, Tableau 
· Database			:  SQL Server

WORKING EXPERIENCE
2018 –Now      Business Data Analyst at MILVIK TECHNOLOGY SERVICES 
	Project: Text Analysis of BIMA Reviews 
	Client: BIMA
	Role: Team Lead
	I am working on versatile projects at MILVIK. - a micro insurance company.
My responsibilities include: 
1) Developing and implementing machine learning algorithms(NLP) for BIMA insurance product reviews.
2) Collaborating with marketing professionals for writing market insights reports.
3) Data quality assurance, data cleaning and curation, data visualization, and data production.
	

	
	
	Project: Finding Best Customers with customer segmentation 
	Client: BIMA
	Role: Team Lead
My responsibilities included: 
1) Developed and implemented machine learning algorithms to find the Best Customers with Customer Segmentation through RFM Model in Python.
2) Analyzed sentiments of BIMA reviews via NLP to offer recommendations to business team.
3) Created Daily, Monthly Sales & Churn dashboard in Tableau.
4) Collaborating with the BI team to Gather, store, access and analyze product data to aid in decision-making.
5)Scheduling Reports in BI through SSRS.

2016 - 2017	Data Specialist at COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SERVICES 
	Project 1: Predict Customer Churn & Lifetime Value
	Client: METLIFE US
	Role: Team Lead
My responsibilities included: 
1) Developed and implemented machine learning algorithms to predict Customer Churn and Lifetime Value in R.
2) Writing SQL queries and Scheduling Reports in SSRS. 
3) Using Logistic Regression, Decision Tree, and Random Forest to determine churn.
4) Created User Stories in Tableau.

2015 - 2016	Project 2: Creating Sentiment analysis model
	Client: METLIFE US
	Role: Module Lead
My responsibilities included: 
1) Leveraged 2M+ tweets to develop sentiment analysis model that helped improve sales and marketing strategies.
2) Loading claims data (whether structured, unstructured and semi-structured data) into repository.
3) Data extraction and cleaning data.

2013 - 2015	Project 3: Enterprise Data Management System 
	Client: METLIFE US
	Role: Team Member
My responsibilities included:
1) Understand data models related to RDZ, EOS and Titan DB.
2) Managing and deploying HBase.
3) Collaborate with QA, Dev, BA and PM teams and coordinate with onshore/offshore parties.
4) Provide support to the Big Data QA leads and analysts for test design and execution.

Blogs & Articles:
I have a passion to write about my learnings and experiences. I was part of the Cognizant ML Forum and have written 20+ articles on Business Analytics and ML. Some of my articles are present in my LinkedIn profile.
· Fraud Detection-Supervised Vs Unsupervised ML Models.
· How successful companies are using Predictive Analytics as a weapon.
· Collecting Tweets Using R.
· Twitter network visualization and analysis.
Link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/alankar-gupta-898a9659/

Other Achievements
· Annuities (AAPA 273) Certified Analyst & CTS Retirement Service certified on Insurance overview.
· Recipient of the “Quarterly Pride Award” in Award in September 2014, August 2016 & March 2017.
· Chosen as “Star of Learners Group” in the Cognizant Training Academy.
