
















































BACHU BHAVANI KARTHEEK REDDY
Software Developer
Mobile: +919394144321,7981013306
Email Id: karthikbachu92@gmail.com
	Career Objective:



	To seek a challenging position as an engineer in a progressive organization which gives me ample scope to apply my knowledge and skills towards the success and growth of the organization as well as enhance my professional growth.
	Professional Summary:



· Having 2 years of experience on embedded c,python and raspberry pi.
· Extensive Knowledge on Embedded Micro Controllers,  Architecture  knowledge on AT 89S51/52.
· Better  in using the tools like Kiel U version4 and 2
· Knowledge on protocols UART, RS232,SPI, I2C.
· Good Experience on Software debugging tools like GDB,Gedit., 

	Professional Experience:



· Currently working as  Software Developer (Contract) with "Sure soft IT services and software soltions" from aug-2015.

	Educational Qualifications:



· B.Tech in E.C.C [2014] from St.johns college of engineering and technology with 70%.
· 10+2 with MPC (2010) from Narayana jr. college with 87%
· High School(X) (2008) from A.P board with 80% marks.

	Software Proficiency:



	Programming Languages
	C, Embedded C, python, rasberri pi using python.

	Platforms
	Linux(ubuntu), WIN7/XP

	Embedded Protocols
	UART, I2C, SPI

	IDE
	Keil u vision 4 and u version 2

	Micro Controllers
	AT89c51/52.

	Operating Systems
	Windows , Linux

	Utilities
	GNU Make, GDB

	
	



	Project Profile:


· Project #1: Home automation device using blutooth
Software Environment		: Rasberry pi and python.
Communication Protocol		: RS-232,Blutooth.
Duration			: 25-11-2016 to 17-03-2017.
	Role				: Design and developing of board.
	Description: 
		Home automation deive is an onboard device which is used to operate all the home automations
               Like TV, Lights, AC etc…. from the smart phone instead of separate remotes. This device operates using blutooth
               Module. Recently most of the home appliance using this device as inbuilt functionality.
                                        Designed and implemented a real-time, multi tasking, automatic temperature maintain system on the
	Rasberry pi board. Development environment was Rasberry PI. The firmware was written Rasbery PI Python
                Language.

Roles & Responsibilities:
· Key player
· Design and develop the home automation on board.

· Project #2: Automatic Temperature maintanence device.
Software Environment	: Embedded c, Keil u version 3.
Tools			: keil U version 3,protieus.
Duration		: 02-04-2015 to 15-07-2015.
	Role			: Design and developing on board.
	Project Description: 
		Automatic temperature maintanence device is an onboard system integrating with programmable micro
                Controller, temperature sensor, ADC device, LCD display, Patches with relays. 
                                   Designed and implemented a real-time, multi tasking, automatic temperature maintain system on the
                 Atmel 89c51 board. Development environment was Keil U version 3. The firmware was written in embedded C
                 Language.

Roles & Responsibilities:
· Key player
· Design and developing on board

· Project #3:    Automatic face detection
        Technology			:   Python	
        Position				: Software Developer
Duration			: 12-08-2015 to 16-12-2015.
Specifications			: Maintain the room temperature at certain level.

Description:
		Automatic face detection is a software which used to recognise the faces of human beings. 
Pi camera is used to capture the images of human. Before recognising any face firstly save the persons to authontacate the proper task. It may used for different purposes like attandence of employees and authenticating security system. Here i designed the system for attendance purpose. The technical language used to develop is python.	

Roles & Responsibilities:

· Study of Python basics and modules.
· Building the project using camera module and detecting the faces of human beings.


· Project #4  Automatic door controlling using bio-metric and RF ID cards reading by RFID card reader
Technology			: Python and Rasberry PI	
Position				: Software Developer
	Duration			: 20-01-2016 to 15-07-2016.

Description:

                                    Automatic door control system is a onboard system containing of Rasberry Pi processor board,
	Bio-metricto take the finger prints and DC motor to unlock. Here there is memory to store the finger prints 
	of particular persons. It is mostly used for security purpose. Biometric reads the finger prints and if matches 
	its unlock the door to give  entry.  And one more product will build using RFID cards and RFID reader which 
	will operate from some distance instead too close to unlocking device.
		Designed and implemented a real-time, multi tasking, automatic temperature maintain system on the
	Rasberry pi board. Development environment was Rasberry PI. The firmware was written Rasbery PI Python
                 Language.

Roles & Responsibilities:

· Study of Rasberry PI and GPIO pins in raspberry PI
· Study Rasberi PI using Python


· 
· Develop the Rasberry pi on board product to read the data from biometric and door will unlock if the finger print matchesonly.
· Similarly one more product to unlock the doors by reading the RF CARD by RF reader and also take attendance of employee by taking data from data base.


	Personal Details:



	Date of Birth			: 6th June 1993
	Sex & Status			: Male & Unmarried
	Nationality			: Indian
	Languages Known		: English, Telugu










