













































                

M.PADMAVATHY
Mobile:  9488353586
Email ID: padmavathy88vlr@gmail.com
	OBJECTIVE


To put myself in a reputed organization that kindles my inner sprits and motivates my innovation by providing me excellent opportunities and suitable environment where I can apply my knowledge, skills and strive for excellence.
	Education


· MBA-HR,SYSTEM (2008 – 2010) 
PET ENGINEERING COLLEGE
 



  : 76%
· B.Sc Math (2005-2008)

      T.D.M.N.S Arts & Science College




 : 89%
· HSC  - State Board    (2003 – 2005)  

FATIMA GIRLS HR.SEC.SCHOOL VALLIOOR
                        : 85%
· SSLC - State Board   (2001 – 2003)                                                         

FATIMA GIRLS HR.SEC.SCHOOL VALLIOOR

               : 93%
	Technical Skills


·    ERP
·    Packages                        : MS-OFFICE 2003 AND 2007
·    Operating System          : Windows XP, Vista & Windows 7

	WORK EXPERIENCE


Sarath Solutions, Chennai.  Associate, 
3rd March-2011 onwards.

Job Description:

Pre - Recruitment:

· Handling Recruitment life cycle - Sourcing, screening, Evaluation.
· Sourcing candidates through Job portals, Reference, Sub agencies, Advertisement and Internal database
· Evaluating CV’s and screening the candidates by conducting initial telephonic interview.
· Handling with clients regarding the requirements and also by time of interviews.
· Scheduling interview to the short listed candidates and co – ordinate with client and also to get their Feedback after the interview.
· Proven ability to maintain good touch with the candidate till join the concern
Post Recruitments:

· To undertake recruitment activity for appointment of new staff as per the requirements, with the help of through advertisements in news paper, as well as the existing database.
· To issue call letters and accordingly plan for conducting preliminary interviews in co-ordination with the concerned dept. in which the structure on final selection of the candidate.
· To Issue of approved offer letter along with salary structure on final selection of the candidate.
· To obtain prescribed confirmations and undertakings regarding the Candidates curriculum vitae experience certificates, reliving letters of previous employer, Qualifications, photographs under proper security.

V Bridge Technologies Ltd, Chennai.  I.T Recruiter – HR,
10th Nov-2010 to 24th Feb -2011.
Job Description:

· Responsibilities include care of all recruitment activities

· Responsibilities include care of all HRD activities

· Responsibilities include care of all Post recruitment activities
	EXTRA ACTIVITIES


· Done a Summer Project in Employee Satisfaction in Pothys with special reference to Tirunelveli Town (2009).
· Done a Main Project in the title Training and Development in Naively Lignite Corporation (2010)
· Presented a paper on “I.T in Retail Sector "in the National Conference at SVC College Puliangudi, Tirunelveli Dist.
	SKILLS AND STRENGTH


· Excellent grasping capability and understanding the concepts clearly.

· Ability to adjust to the situation.

· Sense of Responsibility and a very hard worker.

· A Self motivated team worker, with excellent confidence & commitment.

	PERSONAL PROFILE


Name


:
M.Padmavathy.
Gender


:
Female

Marital Status

:
Single

Nationality

:
Indian

Date of Birth

:
08.02.1988

Languages Known
:
Tamil & English (Read, Write, Speak)
Present Address
:
Kodambakkam,





Chennai.

Permanent Address
:
86, Perumal Kovil Street,
Vallioor-627117,

Tirunelveli District,
Tamil Nadu



(M. PADMAVATHY)
