


















































LOKESH K

Mobile    : +918939490506 
Home      : +919080807735                
Email      :  lokesh.kuppurao@gmail.com

Objective

To work in a challenging and responsible position where my professional skill set can be utilized for the progress of the organization and to update myself with the standards and latest trends.
Professional Experience                                    							

2+ Years of Experience in Networking

Having over 2+ years of rich and insightful experience in IT Infrastructure, Configuration, Administration, Service Support, gaining professional experience & Configuration Networking seeking leadership challenges

Professional Summary

Level 2A Network Engineer in Configuring, Troubleshooting and Monitoring the India's Largest Domestic MPLS Network Designed for the Government of India - Department of Posts with over 30000 routers and 8000 Switches from DOP-Network Operations Centre at Sify Technologies Ltd.
Job Responsibilities :
1. Experience in troubleshooting Last mile MPLS VPN Networks
1. Working Knowledge of Leased line, RF, DSL and Dongle link.
1. Configuring and Troubleshooting  MPLS VPN L3 for VPN Customers   
1. Configuring bandwidth upgrade and downgrade
1. Experience in Access Control List (Standard and extended)  
1. Experience in MPLS VPN, VRF, Routings (Static, OSPF, EIGRP, BGP and redistribution), Switching (VTP,VLAN,STP, ,802.1q, Q in Q, bridging, Ether channel ,VLAN Tagging, Un tagging and Switch port security) 
1. Experience in Access Control List (Standard and extended)
1. Responsible for Co-coordinating with ISP’s for Routing Issues and critical link down issues, Bandwidth issues, Bandwidth Up-gradation.
1. Experience in configuration and troubleshooting Cisco routers (ASR 9000,7200,1941,1841,871), Juniper switches, HP routers .
1. Router IOS Up gradation  from FTP server .






Academics 
· B.E(ECE) – Sri Muthukumaran Institute Of Technology with 74%
· HSC 12, Government Boys Higher Secondary School with 86% 
· SSC 10,  Wisdom Vidhyasaram Matric Higher Secondary School with 82 %

Technical skills
· Network Devices :  Cisco, Juniper, HP Devices
· Routing Protocols :  BGP, OSPF, EIGRP, RIP
· Switching Protocols :  STP, Vlan, VTP, Multicast
· Security :  IPsec, GRE, ACL, NAT and MPLS  L3 VPN
· Applications & Tools :  CA(Computer Associate) Network Monitoring System, CA Service Desk , CA E-health Performance Manager and CRM(Oracle).

Project Details
Currently Working in Largest Domestic MPLS Network Designed for the Government of India - Department of Posts, Where over 30,000 Post offices are connected through two Autonomous Systems acting as a Network Integrator for redundancy. Customer is fully secured with IPSEC traffic through Data Centre over MPLS Network. All customer links are monitored for 24/7 with CA Spectrum Monitoring tool. Centralized Network Operation Center is responsible for Configuring, Troubleshooting, Monitoring the links.


Personal Details
Date of Birth              : 25.12.1993
Nationality                 : Indian
Status 	           : Male/Single
Language Known     : Tamil, English, Telugu
Father’s Name           : Kuppurao S


Declaration
I hereby declare that the details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge. 
                                                             							Lokesh K
