




















































SWATHI THAKUR

SAP Technical Consultant

Contact: +91 9618967643

Email: Swathi.lsthakur@gmail.com
SAP Experience Summary:

· 2 years, 6months of experience in development of business applications in SAP environment.

· Experience on Customer Service Module.

· Experience in custom developments across Reports & OOABAP.

· Experience on creating OData and SOAP services.

· Proficient in generation of classical, interactive and ALV reports.

· Having good knowledge of data migration concepts including BDC (Call transaction and Session) and LSMW.
· Good Knowledge on Smart forms. 

· Knowledge on enhancements.
· Good in Performance Optimization, Unit Testing and Debugging.
Education:

	Educational Qualification


	Name of the 

Institution/Board
	Year of Passing
	Mark %

	M.Tech
	Kakatiya Institute of Technology and Science/KU-Warangal


	2014
	78

	B.Tech


	Sindhura college of Engineering & Technology/JNTU-H


	2011
	70

	Intermediate


	Board of Intermediate
	2007
	81.9

	S.S.C


	Board of Secondary

	2005
	66.7


SAP Project Experience:
	Project
	Techem GmbH, German based company (Sep 2015 to till date)



	Role
	SAP ABAP Consultant



	SAP Environment
	SAP ECC 6.0




Responsibilities:

· Developed reports to automatically process and Close different types of notifications.
· New Assignment of status change in Notification Cockpit.
· Developed a report to set total status in existing notifications.

· Worked on SWE2 transaction.
· Developed Service Notification Cockpit(ZIW53) OO ABAP.
-Displaying Service Notification Activities in Notification Cockpit using OO ABAP.

-Displaying Service Notification Tasks in Notification Cockpit using OO ABAP.

-Displaying Service Notification Items in Notification Cockpit using OO ABAP.

-Displaying Service Notification Partners in Notification Cockpit using OO
ABAP.

· Worked on SHD0 transaction for creating Transaction Variants to call change Notification (IW52 TCode) From Notification Cockpit.
· Developed a report for SMS/E-Mail Dispatching as appointment remainder.

· Enhanced transaction IW51 to Create task for confirmation of order mail/letter.
· Supporting the project by resolving the defects and CR’s.
	Project


	Internal Project at Enstrapp IT Solutions Pvt.Ltd, (Jan 2016 to April 2016)



	Role


	SAP ABAP & OData Consultant

	SAP Solutions


	SAP ECC 6.0, SAP Gateway 2.0, PM Module, Mobile Application




Responsibilities:

· Developed a report to view and download the Material List Data Using OO ABAP.

· Developed SOAP Services for multiple function modules.

· Developed OData services for Create Notification, Change Notification, Create Order and Change Order. 

· These services will be integrated from the mobile user interface from both android and apple platforms.
Personal Details: 

Name




:
Swathi Thakur

Date of birth


:
31.05.1989

Sex





:
Female

Languages known

:
English, Hindi and Telugu

Nationality



:
Indian

Declaration

I hereby certify that all the information’s furnished by me are complete factually correct and honestly presented.

Place: Bangalore















Yours,

Date: 

















Swathi Thakur

