














































 
Sagar Lone 
E-mail: sagarlone@rediffmail.com 
Mobile No:  91- 9004571130 

 

Career Objective: 

 
Seeking a challenging position in an organization where my technical and analytical skills will be 
fully exercised to the benefit of the team and the organization as well as to further develop my 
professional skills. 
 

Summary: 

 

 Having an experience over 4 Years in providing Information Security includes Web 

application Security Testing and   Vulnerability assessment And Pen-testing. 

 Sound knowledge and industry experience in Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration 

Testing on WEB based Applications. 

 Excellent knowledge in OWASP Top 10 Vulnerabilities. 

 Hands on knowledge on web based vulnerability assessment scanning tools   I.e. Nessus 

Security Center and Burp Scanner, Kali Linux Tools. 

 Worked on Nessus Scanner & Nessus Security Center commercial tenable product for 

Vulnerability Management. 

 Hands on experience with all add-on on Browser for finding Vulnerabilities in 

application. 

 Vulnerability Assessment includes analysis of bugs in various applications spread across 

N-tier on various domains by using both manual and Automation tools. 

 Knowledge in Windows/Linux operating system configuration, utilities and 

programming. 

 Also work on exploit framework applications Like Metasploit. 

 Prepare manual reports reports on Vulnerability assessment and penetrating testing. 

 Also work on IOT devices Penetration testing project. 

 Done static Object code file analysis on Executable custom linux applications. 

 Static code review on source code with Visual Code Greeper and SonarQube. 

 Developed PII (Personal Identification Information) Parser which supports GDPR 

projects. 

 

 

mailto:sagarlone@rediffmail.com


Education: 

 Bachelor of Science In Information Technology From Mumbai University (2014)/ BSc. IT 

 

Professional Experience: 

 Working as Associate Consultant in CapGemini Technologies from July, 2014 to till date. 

 

Technical Proficiencies: 

Application Vulnerability Scanners   : Nessus Security Center, Burp suite Professional, Acunitex.  

Acunitex,  Tamper IE, Tamper Data,  cookie Manager, Burp suite, OWASP CSRF Tester etc. 

Wapplyzer.  

Trained On: IBM Appscan Standard Edition 

                        Database          :  Microsoft sql Server, MySql 

                   Operating Systems         :  Windows & Linux 

                   Programming Languages         :  Java, Javascript, Jquery, Python, HTML, CSS, Asp.net 

  



Project Experience: 

Web Application Penetration Testing 

 Gathering information on application 

 Scanning the application using tools 

 Manually analyzing all the queries and intercepting in burp suit. 

 Finding the vulnerabilities and exploiting the vulnerabilities using tools and manual 

 Preparing the detailed report. 

Key Project: 

Project Name:  BPO Project (Global Client) 

Assessments   : Vulnerability assessment and penetration testing on Web based application 

Tools:   Nessus Security Center, Nessus Scanner, Burp Suite (Community edition)  

Job Role:  Associate Consultant 

Description: 

We were supporting to BPO Global client for Capgemini in which we provide below services: 

 Network vulnerability assessment 

 Web application scanning 

 Security Operation center monitoring 

 

Responsibilities: 

 Perform Security Testing on all projects in Web Platform. This includes Web 

applications, web services, backend processes and Thick clients. 

 Manage and perform Burp and Nessus Scanner scans before all production releases and 

analyze vulnerabilities and report to all stakeholders. 

 Perform manual security testing for OWASP Top 10 vulnerabilities like Injection attacks, 

XSS, CSRF, Session Management etc. 

 Performing the manual testing to remove the False Positives and also identify the False 

Negatives. 

 Discuss the vulnerabilities with the vendor along with the presentation. 

 Prepared comprehensive security report detailing identifications, risk description and 

recommendations with the code snippets for the Vulnerabilities. 



 Conduct re-assessment after mitigating the vulnerabilities found in the assessment 

phase. 

 Provide Security requirements to project teams during design phase. 

 

Project Name:  BPO Project (Global Client) 

Assessments   : Logs Monitoring (SIEM Technology) 

Tools:   RSA Security Analytics (10.4)  

Job Role:  Associate Consultant 

Description: 

 I supported this client in setup of SIEM solution, Configuration management, and new 

device integration. 

 RSA security analytics 10.4 tool used to implement this project. 

 Monitored Windows, Linux, Network, Firewalls, IPS, Symantec antivirus. 

 Analyzing blacklisted IP addresses. 

 

 

Responsibilities: 

 Creation of Correlation rules for monitoring. 

 Monitoring and raising an incidents as per analysis. 

 Tool configuration management and Meta key management. 

 Creation of custom reports on basis of client requirement. 

 Creation of Custom Parser and edited existing parser using RSA Event source integrator 

tool. 

 

Project Name:  Internal Product Development (PII Parser Supports GDPR law) 

Assessments   : Development on PII Search tool (Supports GDPR) 

Tools:   Custom tool 

Job Role:  Project Lead & Developer 

 



Description: 

 Java based parser develop to identify Personal Identification Information form 

Users/Servers files. This tool scans drives of systems and identifies Personal Information 

Like name, date of birth, credit card numbers of user and report. 

 Backend database used is MySql and Web application for reporting is developed in PHP 

Codeigniter v3 Framework. 

Responsibilities: 

 Development and Enhancement of product. 

 Present Demo to client. 


