





































BALAJI

BALAJI.T                                                       E-Mail:tbalaji_1983@rediffmail.com

                                                                                               Phone No:044-22476056      
                                                                                               Mobile:0-9740045788 

Objective
I have a overall experience of 6.11 years in the IT IS industry. Worked as technical support executive, broadband DSL trainer and gained knowledge on handling different operational roles. Working as an aspiring team-leader for       2 yrs and earned continous learning on the profile and now aspiring a lead role which provides exposure to new ideas and stimulates personal and professional growth. 

Educational Qualification
Course
Institution
Year of Completion
M.Sc (Information
Madras University                    March 2009
Technology)


B.Sc (Computer Science)
S.I.V.E.TArts&                        May 2003
Science College,


Madras University 

                                           HSC                         T.T Arasu                              March 2000

Matriculation


Hr.Sec School

                                         SSLC                        T.T Arasu                              March 1998

Matriculation


Hr.Sec School

 Current Responsibilities: 
· Working as a Team-lead with IBM GPS team from 18th July-2009.
· Handling a team of 25 members which includes monitoring client survey, promoting 
members in performance criteria, people-management like maintaining team

performance in production. 
· Handling Airtel Top Management Escalation team as part of Escalation matrix.
· Includes operational team work which involves CEO client meeting, organizing
monthly and yearly report presentation.

                            Special skills/Competencies acquired: 

•    Maintained the good individual records by achieving the SLA's.

· Done YELLOW BELT PROJECT in AIRTEL on increasing RESOLVE ONLINE

· Maintained the good individual scores to achieve my team's target.

· Handled the Training sessions for basic computers and also handling for
     broadband related issues.
· Handled the Training Sessions for new hires and educated them about promoting and building teamwork as being an important pat of the team. 

· Involved in Technical support like software installations, wireless issues. Also involved in routing the tickets to certain support group appropriately. 
· Involved in designing course materials, generating reports and creating
     presentations and schedules. Involved in bringing up creative and innovative
     ideas into action which would best suit the organization. 
Interests

•
Hardware and software support of supplied desktop systems

•
Router configurations and wireless support and networking

Brief understanding of OSI Model, TCP/IP protocol suite (IP, ARP, ICMP,
TCP, UDP, SNMP, FTP, TFTP) 

• 
Working knowledge of Windows OS 

                           Experience Summary
IBM GPS(Bangalore):

· Working as a Team-Lead in Operations with IBM GPS team from 18th-jul-2009
                          Achievements: 
· Certified as a Best Team Leader for the Year 2009

· Received GEM (Going Extra Mile) Award for consecutive 2 years

· Selected as One of the Top Talent for the Year 2011 across IBM
Bharti Airtel Limited (Airtel): 

Designation; 

· DSL Level 1 trainer from Jan 2009 till July 2009

· Technical Support Officer from Mar 2006 - December 2008
                          Roles & Responsibilities:              

· Involved in Technical troubleshooting for Airtel Broadband customers
     for the enterprises, commercial and residential segments. 

· Assisting modem and router configuration for the enterprises, commercial
     and residential segments and any kind of online troubleshooting was given. 

· Ability to assist End User through Netxpert Technology tool. 

· Handling responsibilities on Repot generation from Nortel network. 

                            Achievements: 

·  Graded as Best Performer for the year 2006-2007 and 2007-2008

·  Graded as Best Performer Award for consistence Green Band in Quality

Sutherland Global Private Limited:
Designation: 

                                    •    Technical Support Executive in the HP process from Nov 2005 - Feb 2006

                                    •    Customer  Support Executive  in the  SHOP.COM  process  from  Sep 2005
-

                                            Oct 2005 
Roles & Responsibilities: 

Was working in Hewlett Packard Desktop process, troubleshooting on various technical issues related to hardware and maintenance support and was even promoting sales on HP products and also was working as email support executive in the process ofSHOP.COM in promoting seasonal deliveries. 
City Shelters:

Designation: 
     Customer Support Executive from Jan 2004 - Jan 2005 
Roles & Responsibilities: 
Was working as Customer Support Executive under the CITI PHONES promoting
home loans for corporate users and employees and others. 
Software Skills

Operating Systems
: Windows 98, 2000, XP, MS-DOS

GUI
VB, .Net
Training And Certification

Underwent Hardware& Networking Course in CMS Institute of Technology

Duration:
Feb 2005 - July 2005

Venue:
CMS Institute, Chennai.

Extra curricular Achievements & Recognitions
Represented TamilNadu from NCC Team in Independence Day Parade in Year 2001     
We were trained to Develop Character, Comradeship, Discipline, Leadership, Secular Outlook, Spirit of Adventure, and Ideals of Selfless Service amongst the Youth of the Country. 
Personal Particulars

Father's Name                                         : Mr. S.Thiagarajan B.A.

Residential Address                                  : 36 B ,Venkateshwara Nagar, Kilkattalai

Chennai-600 117.

Date of Birth                                            : 2-1-1983

Marital status                                           : Single

Nationality                                               : Indian

Languages known                                    : English, Tamil

Hobbies                                                   : Browsing, Playing Cricket, Volley Ball

Yours Faithfully, 

(BALAJI.T)
