














































MAYANK SETH 
 

D 309 Anand Vihar, Delhi – 110092 | Mob: +91-9654399205 | mani6991@gmail.com 

 
SAP HANA Certified Associate Consultant   

 

Career Objective: 
 

To excel and gain knowledge in SAP Basis & HANA along with working at architectural level, to provide 

solutions in various SAP technologies and products.  

 

Sap Basis Skill: 
 

 SAP HANA installations, upgrades and HA/DR Setup. 

 SAP Business Suite on HANA and S4HANA installation and upgrades. 

 Dynamic Tiering setup for BW 7.5 and BW/4HANA system. 

 Assisted in performing ECC and BW migration to HANA on premise using DMO and classical 

Migration. 

 Performed On-premise to Cloud migration using both Classical and DMO options. 

 Analyzing SAP HANA System Performance, fine-tuning and Optimization.  

 Installation and configuration of SLT system 

 SAP Fiori Configuration and BP configurations. 

 Experience in SAP Application and Database Performance Tuning Analysis. 

 SAP Solman 7.2, SAP Portal, BW 7.5 + BPC installation and configuration. 

 EWA and Alert Monitoring configuration in Solution Manager 7.2 

 Web dispatcher installation and configuration. 

 SSO, SSL and SNC related configuration and trouble shooting. 

 SAP Hybris Marketing Installation, upgrade and configuration.  

 Oracle DB administration and support activities like Table reorg, index rebuild, table space 

extension, patch upgrades, performance troubleshooting, backup-recovery, etc. 

 System rename and SID change activity for SAP application. 

 SAP support activities like System Refresh, Backup/restore, Kernel upgrades, client copy, STMS 

configuration, Profile parameters, etc. 

 Troubleshooting day to day issues in on-going systems and Supporting maintenance activities 

and downtimes. 

 

Experience: 
 

 Presently working with SAP BASIS team for Infosys Ltd since Sept 2013 till date. 

 IT Experience – More than 4 years. 

 Current Payroll Infosys Ltd. 

 Designation: Technology Analyst. 

 Role: Basis and HANA Administrator. 



Project Undertaken: 
 
 
Project: SAP Systems on Hana DB - Installation & Upgrades 

Responsibility: 

 Performing Maintenance Planner activities for stack generation and software downloads. 

 Validating OS and hardware for SAP applications 

 Handling VM’s using VMware vsphere including creation, deletion and extending the storage 
and resources. 

 Performing Installation using SWPM and support pack/EHP upgrades using SUM (Software 

Update Manager) 

 Post Installation activities like configure STMS, update statistics, license application, RFC 
connection setup, Job setup, etc. 

 Client Creation, Create Logical systems, client copy and Client Export-Import. 

 Conversion of Single DB to MDC in HANA DB. 

 HANA HA/DR setup using system and storage replication. 

 

Project: SAP support 

Responsibility: 
 

 Daily System health checkups, Performance Monitoring, System load balancing and tuning. 

 Executed standard system and SAP housekeeping jobs, Scheduling and monitoring of jobs. 

 STMS Configuration, importing transport requests using STMS and transporting at OS level 

manually. 

 System refresh, system copy and Client administration like client copy/delete, creation of logical 

system. 

 Performing Kernel upgrades and SP upgrades along with Profile parameter maintenance. 

 License application to SAP servers/ Portal, Developer key registration/Object Registration, OSS 

supports. 

 Handling performance related issues and troubleshooting activities. 

 Supporting maintenance activities and performing downtime minimization.  

 

Educational Details: 
  

 B.Tech in Electronics and Communication Engineering from Jaypee Institute of Information 

Technology Noida, with  75%.in year 2013. 

 H.S.C from DAV Dayanand Vihar CBSE Board with 81.6% in year 2009. 

 S.S.C from DAV Dayanand Vihar CBSE Board with 88.6% in year 2007. 


