














































SANCHIT  AGRAWAL     
+91-8506970561 | sanchit.zhcet@gmail.com | Gurgaon, Haryana 

Profile Summary 
 With 4 years of end-to-end Business Analysis experience as data analyst & digital marketing professional I am providing 

optimization solutions, machine learning model implementation and managing large scale client campaigns. Successfully 

managed high-profile and high budget digital projects for clients globally. Technical and business knowledge of client 

management, revenue generation & predictive analytics. Made successful use of the opportunity to become part of vendor 

management. 

 

 Experience in providing quality solutions to large scale campaigns for industries like Media & Entertainment, Automotive, 

Ecommerce and Food & Beverages. Proficiency in working across multiple platforms and interacted with different set of 

US clients. 

 

Skills  

 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
 

  Accenture Solutions Pvt. Ltd., Gurgaon 

  Senior Business Analyst (Apr’16 – Till Date) 

Data Mining, 

Sentiment 

Analysis & 

Machine 

Learning Model 

Implementation 

 Built Attrition models that help in identifying and targeting high risk employees for proactive 
retention campaigns 

 Performed customer sentiment/behavior analysis using R 

 Designed recommended system for an entertainment client 

 Performed exploratory analysis on different audience segments & performance metrics for 
marketing campaigns with the help of Python (numpy, pandas, seaborn and pyplot) and R 

(ggplot2, dplyr & caret) and improved conversion rate by 25% 

 Worked on other projects within Accenture to help build machine learning models based on 
logistic regression, decision tress & ensemble techniques 

  

Campaign 

Creation & 

Optimization 

 

 Created and managed Google Search, Search, Display & YouTube campaigns for large budget 
Google clients 

 Managed online ad campaigns for clients of different verticals like Media & Entertainment, 
Automotive, Ecommerce and Food & Beverages 

 Recommended the new campaign builds (Search & True View) for the big banner movies and 
popular TV shows 

 Optimized accounts on the basis of CTR, CPC, CPV, VTR and CPA along with the goal of 
increasing conversions 

 Partnered with Team Lead and Campaign Managers to identify opportunities for better 
collaboration 

Training, 

Mentoring & 

Management 

 Trained the new hired resources the product knowledge and process understanding 

 Mentored the employees thus making them aware of the task flow and the client requirements in 
order to provide the satisfactory solutions 

 Facilitated approach, bandwidth management & Quality Assurance for the projects. 

 Managed and facilitated the task flow, bandwidth crunches & client management in the absence 
of the immediate supervisor. 

 

   

 

 

Product 
R Programming, Python,  SQL, Google AdWords, Google Analytics, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft 

PowerPoint, Keyword Planner 

Business 
Predictive Analytics Modelling, Revenue Generation, Client Reporting & Solutions, Business 

Analytics 

mailto:ashim.h@gmail.com
mailto:ashim.h@gmail.com


Glow Homes Pvt. Ltd., Gurgaon www.buildzar.com (Ecommerce – Building Materials & Home Finishing) 

  Digital Marketing Executive (June’15 – Apr’16) 

SEM 

 Drafted Google text Ads, dynamic search Ads for all campaigns. 

 Created, managed & optimized campaigns with reduction in money spent by 5% within three 
weeks. 

 Reduced Avg. CPC by 40% to 48% for keywords for few campaigns with No. 1 Ad position. 

 Set up shopping campaign for a building material category with least CPC. 

 Increased traffic on website from 500 to 4000 in three and a half month with Google text Ads. 

SEO 
 Achieved in getting search results on first page of Google for Buildzar.com with On Page SEO. 

 Performed keywords analysis and improve organic search results. 

Google Analytics 

 Prepared “Campaign performance reports” & “Ecommerce Reports”. 

 Helped in setting up event tracking, custom campaign & enhanced ecommerce attributes 
tracking. 

MIS Reporting 

& Analysis 

 Used “Facebook Insights” and Power Editor to prepare MIS reports. 

 Analyzed source/medium traffic funnels and created Audience, Acquisition and Behavior 
reports on MS Excel. 

 

   iOL Digital Marketing Services, Gurgaon www.ioldigital.com (Specialises in social and digital marketing) 

   Account Executive (Sep’14 – May’15) 

Facebook 

Marketing 

 Increased reach on Facebook by 40% for a client in building material by driving post engagements 
and by remarketing to custom audiences. 

 Increased likes on FB by 60% for world’s finest toy manufacturer and an Indian No. 1 satellite TV 
for Asia’s largest DTH service provider by targeting Indian audience in US. 

 Launched Facebook campaigns with various objectives such as enhancing Page Post Engagement, 
Pages Likes, and Clicks to Website, Website Conversions and App Engagement. 

 Campaign 

Set Up and 

Optimization 

 Created Google search & Google display campaign for an ecommerce client marketing to North 
India and for a medical institute targeting whole India. 

 Carried out keyword analysis and set up Google Search campaigns leading to increase in website 
traffic for building material client by 400% over last year 

 Increased number of reservations for a restaurant client by 40% within six months via optimizing 
Google display campaign. 

Social Media 

Engagement 

 Drive potential customer’s engagement for client’s official pages on Facebook and Instagram. 

 Managed Facebook Business pages by scheduling posts every fortnight with one/two post a day. 

 

 EDUCATION 
Degree/Certification Institute/Board Year 

Data Science & Machine Learning Certification 

using R & Python 
DexLab Analytics 2017-2018 (6 months) 

BE in Electrical Engineering Aligarh Muslim University (AMU) 2010-14 

Diploma in Computer Engineering Aligarh Muslim University (AMU) 2006-09 

High School UP Board 2005-06 

 

http://www.buildzar.com/
http://www.ioldigital.com/

