














































                                  

 Curriculum-Vitae

BABITA P RAJPUT

106/3 Anand Flat,

Nr. Bapunagar police station ,

Bapunagar,Ahmedabad .380024

+91 9725169316,8141772055

1.rajputbabi@gmail.com

2.babi1601@yahoo.in

Current Employer
As branch office (Account + back office) in Star health and allied insurance co. ltd. 28 th oct_2013 to till date.

Work Profile
· Petty cash handling and done petty cash entry.
· Made manual chq. Month wise.
· Reporting to branch manager daily.
· Flashing report as per BM & Zonal required.
· Generate the cash and cheque collection report daily basis.
· Make policy in premia software.
· Solve the query customer and zonal.
 Work experience:
4 years of work experience in Finance Accounts & specialization in Accounts

receivable and exposure to SAP Software.

NewFuture Haribhakti Services: (SSC-Shared Service Centre) A Future Group Company

Designation: Senior Associate-Business Services (F&A)

Location: Ahmedabad-Gujarat

Job Profile:

 Job Description : Working as a Senior Associate Business Services.

● Doing Bank Reconciliation in SAP.

● Handling Queries and resolving the same.

● Escalating the critical process related issue to commercials.

● Interacting with Client for process related issues.

● Flashing daily, weekly and monthly reports about Team performance to     Manager.
● Daily Vendor Payment Processing. Timely processing & revert of all mail for     payment request.

Educational Qualifications
● S.S.C. With commerce from G.H.S.E.B.,Ahmedabad in 1997.

● H.S.C. With commerce from G.H.S.E.B.,Ahmedabad in 1999

● B.Com with Advance Accounting & Auditing from Gujarat University in 2002.

● M.Com with Advance Accounting & Auditing from Gujarat University in 2005.

● B.ed with Advance Account & Bussiness Administraction from Gujarat  University in 2008.

Professional Qualifications

● M.S Office.

● D.T.P 

Skills

● Ability to establish reports and work in a team.

● Strong willingness to learn new skill and abilities.

● Acumen for taking responsibility 

●Working Knowledge of SAP Software .

●Knowledge of MS Office, D.T.P, Basic Computer Skills

Personal Information

Date of Birth         

16th Jan, 1983.

Languages known 

English, Hindi , Gujarati.

Gender 


Female.

Marital 


Status Married.

Strengths  


Smart working, keen learner, Good communicator

IT Skills


 Windows 2000, MS Office, D.T.P, SAP Software.

Place :Ahmedabad

Date :

(BABITA  P RAJPUT)
