











































Anuradha Subramanian


Narayanan R
No.21, M.G.R. Nagar, 2nd Main Road, Velachery, Chennai-42                 Mobile: 8939672588
E-mail: prince.naray@gmail.com                                                          

OBJECTIVE                                                                                                                                              

Seeking challenging position in your esteemed organization that provides an opportunity to bring out both my technical and analytical skills and over all activities for the development of various departments being resourceful innovative and flexible.

EDUCATION

	Year
	Institute
	Board/University
	Course
	Marks

	2006-2009
	Kadaswamy Kandar’s College of Arts & Science
	Periyar University
	B.C.A
	77.25%

	2005-2006
	Govt. Hr. Sec. School
	State Board
	HSC
	82.92%

	2003-2004
	Sakthi Matriculation High School
	State Board
	SSLC
	84.4%


EXPERIENCE:  
1. Company Name: TATA Consultancy Services Pvt. Ltd.,

           Designation     : Process Associate 

           Period            : Aug 2009 to till now 

           Current CTC    :  2.2 L 
Nature of work: The Foreclosure Specialist supports the collections department in achieving delinquency and default goals by performing a variety of legal, administrative and collections related duties through the strategic use of computer applications and processes.

MAJOR ACCOUNTABILITIES
· Administrative duties including but not limited to such jobs as processing of loan review requests, deferrals, administering Check by Phone or Skip Trace systems, processing affidavits, loan modifications, letter requests, reimbursements, and other documents
· Daily communication with attorneys to update files that are in legal process (i.e.  foreclosure, writ of possession, and eviction proceedings) 
· Manage databases, track and file related documentation
· Process and research payments
· Prepare and run computer generated reports as directed
· Various clerical duties as assigned
  
Job includes working with multiple vendors; complying with state, legislative and investor guidelines, as well as managing a high volume of work in a time sensitive process.
2. Company Name: Cognizant Technology Solutions, Pvt. Ltd.,

           Designation     : Senior Process Associate 

           Period            : Mar 2012 to till now 

           Current CTC    :  2.8 L 
Nature of work: The credentialing specialist verifies the credentials of the healthcare providers to ensure the quality of treatment to the patients.

MAJOR ACCOUNTABILITIES
· Administrative duties including but not limited to such jobs as processing of license and insurance verification of the healthcare providers.
· Daily communication with the healthcare providers to update files that are in credentialing.
· Manage databases, track and file related documentation
· Various clerical duties as assigned
  
Job includes working with multiple insurance companies as well as managing a high volume of work in a time sensitive process.
OTHER QUALIFICATION

Completed Yellow Belt Training (Six Sigma)
SKILLS

· Oral and written communication skills

· Ability to adapt to new and fast paced changing environments

· Team Player
PERSONAL DETAILS

Date of birth           :     25-07-1988
Father’s name         :     Rajamanickam
Mother’s Name      :      Muthulakshmi

Nationality              :     Indian

Languages known   :     English, Tamil
Marital Status         :      Single
Expected Location: Chennai

DECLARATION

I consider myself familiar with the above-mentioned aspects. I am also confident of my ability to work in a team. I hereby, declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.








[NARAYANAN R]
PAGE  

