
















































Kamlesh R Barud
Email: kam.barud@gmail.com
Mobile no: 9004256751/7977927800

Overview:
A dynamic, analytical and goal-oriented professional with career exposure in Banking & Finance operations. To pursue a challenging career in Business Analysis where my qualification and skills will be utilized to its fullest extent.
Domain/Functional Expertise:
Domain Support: - Risk Management, MIS Reporting, BO Ops, Reconciliation,
Technical Expertise: - O/s – Windows, Dos/ MS Office /MS Excel/ MS- PowerPoint /Finacle/SAP/E-Recon system.
Process Coverage: Front Office |Middle Office| Back Office |Accounts department |Third party (Venders)| Technical team / Reference data Team.
Work Experience:

ICICI BANK LTD

Role:  Senior executive   (SAP control & Central Reconciliation – liability)

Experience: May 2015 to till date
 
Brief about department 
SAP control & Central Reconciliation (SAP-CRT) handles reconciliation activities of different accounts for variety of products of ICICI bank e.g. Debit cards, credit cards, debit channels, prepaid products and ATM. It validates accuracy in accounting entries and ensures there is no unidentified debit or credits in interbank and inter office accounts.

Responsibilities: 

· Ensure all the MIS are published on time and at predetermined MIS frequency
· Building controls and checks to avoid manual/system error
· Conceptualized and developed metrics and tracking MIS reporting for senior management
· Preparation of MIS for discrepancies in various reports which includes no of discrepancies and assigned business area and expected completion at predetermined frequency
· Suggesting key process improvements in order to improve process efficiency and reduce manual intervention thereby improving productivity and quality of deliverables to stakeholder within banks and third part vendors. Automation of Manually performed activities in E system
· Lead periodic calls/meetings with third party vendor IMSL for understanding the gaps in the process and reaching to the solution of the issues  
· involved in training and mentoring new recruits  
· Review of Process Document and Operational Guidelines. Preparation of monthly business review to communicate to senior management.  
Achievements:  
· Awarded Quest for Quality certificate for contribution in reduction of manual intervention and time taken to perform activities for ATM front end reconciliations.  

Educational Qualification:

· B.com in 2011 with First class from Mumbai University.
· H.S.C in 2008 with second class from Mumbai University.
· S.S.C in 2006 with First class from Mumbai University.


Personal Profile:

Date of birth: 05th May 1991.


Marital Status:  Single.

Nationality: Indian

Address: Room number 201, Rajak society, new dhobi ghat, C.P.P.T marg. Back bay bus depot, Cuffe parade.
	  Mumbai: 400005.



Place: Mumbai                                                                                                                                                 Kamlesh.R.Barud













/docProps/thumbnail.wmf

K
amlesh 
R
 
Barud
 
Email:
 
kam.barud
@
g
mail.com
 
Mobile no: 
9004256751
/
7977927800
 
 
Overview:
 
A dynamic, analytical and 
goal
-
oriented professional with
 
career exposure in
 
Banking & 
Finance
 
operations
. 
To 
pursue a challenging career in
 
Business Analysis
 
where my qualification and skills will be utilized to its fullest 
extent.
 
Domain/Functional Expertise:
 
Domain Support: 
-
 
Risk Management, MIS Reporting, BO Ops,
 
Reconciliation,
 
Technical 
Expertise: 
-
 
O/s 
–
 
Windows, Dos/ MS Of
fice /MS Excel/ MS
-
 
PowerPoint 
/
Finacle
/SAP/E
-
Recon system.
 
Process Coverag
e: Front Office |Middle Office
| Back Office |Accounts department |Third p
arty (Venders)| 
Technical team / 
R
eferen
ce data 
Team
.
 
Work Experience:
 
 
ICICI BANK LTD
 
 
Role:
  
Senior executive
 
  
(SAP control & Central Reconciliation 
–
 
liability)
 
 
Experience:
 
May
 
201
5
 
to till date
 
 
 
Brief about department 
 
SAP control & Central Reconciliation (SAP
-
CRT) handles reconciliation activities of different accounts for variety of 
products of ICICI bank 
e
.
g. Debit cards, credit cards, debit channels, prepaid products 
and ATM. I
t validates 
accuracy in accounting entries and ensures there is no unidentified debit or credits in interbank and inter office 
accounts.
 
 
Responsibilities: 
 
 
Ø
 
Ensure all the MIS are published 
on time and at predetermined MIS frequency
 
Ø
 
Building controls and checks to avoid manual/system error
 
Ø
 
Conceptualized and developed metrics and tracking MIS reporting for senior management
 
Ø
 
Preparation of MIS for discrepancies in various reports which 
includes no of discrepancies and assigned 
business area and expected completion at predetermined frequency
 
Ø
 
Suggesting key process improvements in order to improve pr
ocess efficiency and reduce manual intervention 
thereby improving productivity and quality of deliverables to stakeholder within banks and third part vendors. 
Automation of Manually performed activities in E system
 
Ø
 
Lead periodic calls/meetings with third party vendor IMSL for understanding the gaps in the process and 
reaching to the solution of the issues  
 
Ø
 
involved in training and mentorin
g new recruits  
 
Ø
 
Review of Process Document and Operational Guid
elines. Preparation of monthly business review to 
communicate to senior management.  
 
Achievements:  
 
