












































CURRICULUM VITAE

CURRICULUM VITAE

                                                                                                                              
Lokesh Babu
                                                                           Mobile: +91 9036124458
                                                                           Email: lokesh.babu89@gmail.com
Objective:

Intend to build a career with leading corporate of hi-tech environment with committed & dedicated people, which will help me to explore my-self fully and realize my potential. I am willing to work as a key player in challenging & creative environment. 
WORK EXPERIENCE:

· Mar 2016 to Till Date: Working as a Programmer/Analyst in Technosoft Corporation(Contractor to IQVIA) , Bangalore.
· Feb 2015 to Mar 2016: Worked as a SAS validation analyst in Quintiles Research India Pvt Ltd.
· Nov 2011 to Feb 2015: Worked as a Senior Data Mapping Developer, SAS QCA Analyst and Technical Designer in Accenture India Pvt. Limited.
EXPERIENCE SUMMARY:
· A professionally qualified SDTM Mapping Programmer having 6 years of experience with extensive technical and functional expertise in SDTM including            2 years of experience in SAS.

· Good Knowledge on ETL tool like SAS V9, CONTIVO and CLMM.
· Proficiency in building the SDTM Specifications.
· Knowledge on clinical trials.

· Having Good knowledge in SAS/Base, SAS/Macros, SAS/SQL and SAS/ODS in Windows Environment.

· Good Domain knowledge of Clinical trial operations, Clinical Data Management, SAS and CDISC processes such as SDTM.
Skills:
· Ability to work  with cross-functional groups

· Ability to understand complex organizational relationships

· Good programming background and problem solving approach  

· Good background and basic understanding of further statistical analysis processes

· Willingness to work overtime

· Detail-oriented with ability to work creatively and flexible in a fast-paced environment
· Good knowledge of  PC or Unix SAS  

· Demonstrate a sound awareness of all relevant regulations, including GCP
Project Experience: 1

Project               
: MACH1

Company      
: Accenture India Pvt. Ltd


Client            
: MERCK


Role              
: SAS QC Analyst, Senior Data Mapping Developer 


Duration        
: Nov 2011 to Aug 2014

Team Size           
:  50

Description: 

MACH1 project mainly deals with SDTM (Transforming raw data in to standard format) activities, which includes Form building, testing, mapping and creating reports.

The main objective is to transform the metadata or raw data (data which is in irregular format) in to standard format by following standard guide lines, provided by CDISC.
Project Experience: 2


Project               
: Global Team

Clients            
: Multiple clients

Role              
: SAS Validation Analyst

Duration        
: Feb 2015 to Feb 2016

Team Size           
:  40
Description: 

The programming, testing and documentation of SDTM dataset (derived datasets) and transfer file for internal and external clients.

2. The programming quality control checks for the source data and report the data issues periodically. 

3. Detect errors in detail and corrects them (e.g., reviews SDTM data, edit checks output and user defined programs to ensure quality of deliverable) 

4. Assist in the development of programming documentation including specifications, as appropriate, under supervision. 

5. Provide advanced technical expertise in conjunction with internal and external clients, and bring project solutions to teams and department, under supervision. 

6. Develop, implement and validate new process technologies, macros and applications under supervision. 

7. Fulfil project responsibilities at the level of assisting the statistical programming team lead. 

8. Understand timelines for and milestones affecting their work and alert supervisor to potential slippage

Project Experience: 3

Project               
: CDAT

Company      
: QuintilesIMS Clinical Research 


Clients            
: Multiple Clients                                

Role              
: Programmer Analyst

Duration        
: Mar 2016 to Present


Team Size           
: 9
Description: 

• Plan and coordinate database design, development, implementation, maintenance, and user support of clinical systems.

• Provide technical expertise in conjunction with internal and external clients.

• Program, test, and document databases in accordance with programming standards and validation procedures.

• Program database manipulation and transfers of data for internal and external clients.

• Assisting in developing, revising, and maintaining core operating procedures and working instructions.

• Meet objectives as assigned, and interact with the project team to organize timelines, responsibilities and deliverables.

• Develop and maintain good communications and working relationships with teams and external clients.

• Interacting with corporate team and CDM team members to negotiate timelines, responsibilities, and deliverables.

• Serve as Lead Programmer on the corporate team.
Academic profile:
	Course
	Year Of Passed
	Institution
	Board / University
	Percentage

	B.Tech.
	2010
	JNTU (Anatapur)
	JNTU 9Anantapur)
	66%

	Intermediate
	2006
	Sri Pratibha College
	A.P Board
	75%

	SSLC
	2004
	Sharada School
	A.P Board
	65%


TECHNICAL QUALIFICATIONS:

Package:  MS-Office

Tools     :   SAS, SQL, Contivo, CLMM, Map Scanner, Putty
PERSONNEL PROFILE:
Name



: Lokesh Babu
Father's name

: Mohan Rao
Sex 



: Male

Nationality 


: Indian

Marital status 

: Single

Languages


: English, Telugu, Kannada, Hindi
Permanent Address 

:  S/o Mohan Rao,




  #1-3094, S.M.T Colony, 





Yemmiganur (po),





Yemmiganur (tk),
 



Kurnool (DT),




Pin – 518360.
DECLARATION:
I assure that the information furnished above is true, complete & correct to the best of my knowledge.
Place:
                                                                                 

Date:








(Lokesh Babu)




