
























































Nikita Maheshwari
E mail: nikita01.m@gmail.com	
Mobile: +91 858 705 8500 
			
SUMMARY
7+ years of total experience with 4+ years at American Express. Excellent interpersonal skills, keen eye for detail, consistent in driving results and an inclination towards process improvement & automation.
			
WORK EXPERIENCE
American Express India Private Limited				                                Feb, 2014 – Jul, 2018
Prepaid Dispute Analyst - Customer Fulfillment Network 			 	        (4 years 5 months)
Roles & Responsibilities:
Pre-paid Disputes Operations
Drove efficiency within team by creating and maintaining work allocation reports, SOP’s and training modules.
Worked closely with leadership on automated reporting and performance measurement files. Consistently won numerous awards at Customer Fulfillment Network division level.
Project Migration – Part of transition of ‘Non Fraud Disputes’ process to Incomm in Columbus. Worked on creating  and designing training sessions , OJT and Quality monitoring
Team Handling – Trained and handled a team of 12 contractors for 2 years
Blue Prism Automation – Worked with Project management team and controllers for disputes automation
Frequent Abuser policy – Raised flag and worked with risk and compliance to setup frequent abusers scanner
Customer Tool Enhancement – Proposed of various system enhancements. Created requirements for automated reports, testing and implementation
Case Management Tool – Initiated Salesforce implementation for team. Worked on case updating and queue management
Reporting – Published monthly dashboard and quality reports
 Quality and Transactional monitoring 

Achievements
Ambassador of Quarter – Q2 2017
CFN Heroes – Q1 2017
Wow Case Award – Year 2016
Achievement Award – Year 2015
Top of the Class Award – Year 2014 
Extra Miller and Top Performer – 14 times


Infosys Limited							         	                  Dec, 2010 – Oct, 2013
Sr. Process Executive – Australia Payroll 					                  (3 years 10 months)	  
Roles & Responsibilities:
Australia Payroll
Prepared integrated checklist to be used by all teams for better payroll processing.
i) Daily/Monthly Audit of EFTs processed by team
ii) Special Pays ( Lean project) - Introduced cut-offs for better pay cycle
iii) Overpayments – Part of Green Belt project to reduce the number of overpayments in a week
Achievements
Yellow Belt Certified , Australia Payroll Certified 
Extra Mile for Best Performance – 7 Times

   			
EDUCATION
MBA (HR, IT) – Banasthali University	 				                                      2008 – 2010
B.Sc. (Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science) – Banasthali University			         2005 – 2008




