













































                                  

DEBABRATA GHOSH

 INCLUDEPICTURE "http://static.naukimg.com/mynauk/images/phone.gif" \* MERGEFORMATINET 


+91 9333835557 (M)  debabrata3500@gmail.com

OBJECTIVE:

                           To obtain a challenging and rewarding career in a dynamic corporate environment, seeking a position where my skill, experience, varied abilities will be used effectively and to make each day at work earning one. My total work experience is 4+ yrs in BPO industry.

WORK EXPERIENCE:

                 Organization: Tech Mahindra Limited (Reliance Process).

Duration      : 24th July 2009 to till date

 Designation:  Quality Associate
 Area            :  Call Center Support Function [Reporting to TL]

                  Key Deliverables:

· Evaluate recorded calls and live calls of executive

· Analyze the process to give more and more quality calls

· Identify the training need within circle for quality

· Coach and develop low performers of quality by reviewing reports on individuals as well as circle and team basis

· Quality checking and monitoring from system and side by side in team and circle for communication, quality and customer satisfaction and given instant feedback

· Deal with every escalations from client end

Achievements: - 

1) Got promoted to Senior Quality in the year 2011 within 1.5 years.

2) Got promoted to Associate Quality in the year 2010 within 5 month.

3) Received “Valuable Team Award “for excellent contribution in Team in FY 2011-Q2 & FY 2011-Q3

4) Awarded with many certificates and got recognitions in various platforms throughout the tenure.

       
  Organization: Adhunik Technology Pvt. Ltd. (Reliance Process).
Duration      : 1st April 2009 to 22nd July 2009

Designation: SR Quality Analyst
Area            : Call Center Support Function [Reporting to Manager]
          
    Key Deliverables:

· Evaluate recorded calls and live calls of executive

· Analyze the process to give more and more quality calls

· Identify the training need within circle for quality

· Coach and develop low performers of quality by reviewing reports on individuals as well as circle and team basis

· Quality checking and monitoring from system and side by side in team and circle fro communication, quality and customer satisfaction and given instant feedback

 Organization
: Reliance Communication BPO (Reliance Process).
                  
  Duration
: 12th December 2007 to 27th July 2008

                  
  Designation
: Customer Support Leader
                  
  Area

: Call Center Operation [Reporting to Manager]

                        Key Deliverables:                    

· Taking escalated calls from CSR and answer all the queries related to product to the CSR and ensuring exceptional customer service.

· Quality checking and monitoring from system and side by side in team and circle fro communication , quality and customer satisfaction and given instant feedback

· Taking care of the team with or without Team Leader

· Coach and develop low performer by reviewing reports of individual as well as team basis 

                    Organization: Biswanath Trading Co Pvt Ltd.
Duration        : 5th July 2005 to 30th November 2007
Designation   : Sr. Supervisor
Area              : Sales [Reporting to Manager]

                        Key Deliverables:

· Hiring Manpower, Maintain Payroll, 
· Prepare Shift roster as per requirement.
EDUCATIONAL QULIFICATION:

	Examination
	Institute
	University
	Passing Year

	B.Com
	Kulti College
	Burdwan University
	2005

	Intermediate (Class 12th)
	Left Bank School
	West Bengal Board
	2002

	Madhyamik (Class 10th)
	Left Bank School
	West Bengal Board
	2000


COMPUTER PROFECIENCY:

· Operating System
: MS Window, 

· Software

: MS Word, power point, Excel.

PERSONAL DETAILS :

Father’s name 

:
Gour Gopal Ghosh.

Permanent Address
:

Subhashini Villa, Collage Road,





PO+PS: - Kulti, Dist: -- Burdwan, PIN: -- 713343 (WB)

Language Known
:

Bengali, Hindi & English.

Date of Birth

:
8th November 1983.

Nationality

:
Indian.

Hobby


:
Listening to music & Playing TT. 

