

















































MOUNIKA GARREPALLY
Contact:  +91 9959666562
mounikagarrepalli@gmail.com


Career  Objective:

To Enhance my Professional skills in a dynamic and stable workplace. Seeking an opportunity to work in intellectually stimulating environment for developing innovative skills.

Profile Summary
· 2.1 years of extensive experience in analysis, design, development, implementation, deployment and testing of client/server applications and Web-based applications.
· Good experience in developing applications using Java, J2EE, Servlets, JDBC.  
· Having experience in frameworks Hibernate .
· Well versed with Web Scripting Languages: JavaScript and HTML.

Technical Skills:
Java Technologies      : Core Java , Servlets
Markup/Scripting      : HTML,  JavaScript
Database                     : MYSQL
IDE                                : Eclipse
Area Of Interest         : Java Programming
   
Work Experience: 
Total Experience: 2.1 Years
(2 months of Training and 2.1 years of professional experience with CSC)
Currently working at DXC Technology Formerly CSC (Computer Sciences Corporation) as 
Associate Professional.

Project Name: Kemper-Enterprise Web Solutions
Domain: Home and Auto Insurance
Duration: Jan 2015 to March 2016

Description: Kemper Corporation (formerly known as Unitrin) is one of America's major insurance and consumer finance providers. The group of companies specializes in property and casualty insurance, life and health insurance products for individuals, families, and small businesses.


Application: RPW (Right Price Web) is responsible for issuing Insurance Quotes and Policies for Home and Auto Line of business.
Involved in the following activities
· Involved in Analysis of business requirements, implementation, design, development, deployment.
· Support for the defects raised during the Functional testing
· Coordinating and working with various support teams to fix issues .

Tools & Technologies
Servlet, Java, HTML,  XML, SQL, JIRA, Eclipse.
Academic Prifile
· B.TECH from Kakatiya Institute of Technology and Sciences(KITSW) Warangal, with an aggregate of 81% in the year 2015.
· Intermediate from Sri Chaitanya Junior college, Vijayawada with an aggregate of 93% in the year 2009.
Training/Projects:
	TWITTER CLONE is a web based social networking that has been designed as a part of the JAVA training. Using the web-application designed, one can tweet, follow, unfollow, subscribe and message the other person in his circle.
· Involved in coding and connecting the database to the front-end. The basic development of the web-application


Environment : JAVA , MySQL,  JAVASCRIPT , JDBC ,Servlets  ,HTML. 

Personal Details:
Date of birth	     :		30th July 1994
Gender	     :		Female
Father’s name      :		Mr. Venkateshwarlu
Mother’s name    :		Mrs. Sridevi
Marital status       :		Single
Address 	     : 		H.No:3-94/3 Yellampeta,Warangal-506315
Language	     : 		Telugu, English, Hindi

Declaration: I hereby declare that the information in this document is accurate and true to the best of my knowledge.


             			
									            [ Mounika Garrepally ]				


