



















































Priyadarshani S. Sonawane
(Email is the best way to reach me)

Address             	:       	 C/4, 127, Marol Police Camp
Marol Maroshi Road,
Andheri - [East],
Mumbai-400059.

Mobile No.                	:	9821847887 or 9137708213


E-Mail Address    	:    	priyadarshani.s14@gmail.com

Curriculum Vitae
Career Objective:  My career objectives is to work in a highly skilled, professionally 
managed progressive organization which makes strategic decision to seek challenges, set and achieve higher goals, which will add to my knowledge and abilities. I am sure that I can learn as well as contribute to the organization, which I would pursue.  

Educational Qualifications 

	
Qualification
	
College / School
	
University / Board
	
Year
	
Percentage

	
SSC
	
Indian Education society
	
Mumbai Board
	
March-2003

	
66.66

	
HSC
	
Sathye College
	
Mumbai Board
	
March-2005

	
68.45

	
B.com
	
Sathye college
	
Mumbai University
	
June-2008

	
65.14

	
MMS-FINANCE

	
GNVSIOM
	
Mumbai University
	
2010-2012
	
70.09



Elective Specialization in MMS

Finance

Computer & Other Technical Skills

· Diploma in Computer operation from NCIT institute
· Advance excelfrom Compufeild (ISO 9000:2001) 

Experience 

Organization:   		Staff Trader Pvt Ltd / ISK Pro Pvt Ltd
Designation: 			Sr.Technical Recruiter.
         Tenure: 			27/4/2017 to 6/7/2018
     Job Duties:
1. Looking after the entire region of US IT recruitments and West Region of US for Non-IT requirements.

2. Coordinating with the hiring manager on regular basis regarding their requirements for candidate’s, hires and new job opening.

3. Coordinating with the US based team regarding Candidates submissions, requirements target’s and escalate the issues. 

4. Handling and training the team on new client’s portal.

5. Looking after teammates production output. Help and encourage them to improve their work production.

6. Presenting fully screened qualified candidates to hiring managers in a timely manner.

7. Conduct searches to find qualified individuals via websites including Monster, LinkedIn, Indeed, Career Builder etc.

8. Identify and source top candidates through resume analysis.

9. Regularly called candidates for updates on job search, interviews and skills. Maintained rapport with active candidates.

10. Performed all activities related to sourcing, screening, interviewing, reference-checking, pre-employment validation and presenting offers.

11. Maintained active and pipeline candidates in Excel spreadsheets and SharePoint to contact for other possible opportunities.






Current Organization: 	L7 Software Pvt Ltd / Virtual Recruiters Pvt Ltd
Designation: 			US IT Recruiter 
Tenure:			3/8/2016 to 25/4/2017
Job Duties:	
1. Expertise in full recruitment life cycle in IT and non IT staffing-Contract, Contract-hire, and Permanent Placements in US Staffing.
2. Handling entire recruitment process from Resourcing, searching, screening, negotiating and recruiting candidates on international platforms for direct client.
3. Proficiency in resourcing US candidates for information technology from junior to senior position through search engines (Monster, Dice, CareerBuilder etc,) networking and database.
4. Interaction with US Citizen, GC,EAD& H1 B candidates via telephony, understanding profile, making them understand job role, takingpreliminary interview, and confirmation for forwarding their resume to relevant client. 
5. Reporting directly to Accounts Manager. Getting feedback, daily update on requirements, submission and sending daily report.
6. Recruiting consultant on W2, C2C and 1099 for US Citizens/GC holder & H1 B.
7. Taking requirements from portal and searching the matching resume for the requirement, and Submit it to the Client.
8. Experience in handling the requirements of international direct clients.
9. Worked on technicalRequirements like Oracle, Java, Dot Net, Engineers, Business analyst, QAtester, ETL developer, Analyst, Administrator etc.

Organization: 			Value C Consulting Pvt Ltd.
Designation: 			Hr Executive.
Tenure:			19/1/2015 to 1/8/2016
Job Duties:	
1. Advice and assist in the preparation and filing of immigration and naturalization related applications and petitions.
2. Maintaining client case files in accordance with case file management system.
3. Performing job and task analysis to document job requirements and objectives
4. Filing LCA’s and preparing cases of IT professionals who seeking work opportunities in USA.
5. Handling Immigration and Visa activities of the IT professionals
6. Conducting on call recruitment and interviews for US based office.
7. Interacting with USCIS officials to know Case Status of immigrants.
8. Handling Time Sheet and Payroll activities of US based employees.
9. Handling compliance of the Immigrants.
10. Experienced working in US IT Recruitment.
11. Search, identify and qualify all potential candidates through recruiting calls, screening candidates for essential function/duties, work history, training, technical skills, salary requirements and negotiation.
12. Have understanding of US staffing hiring process (for Contract & full-time positions).
13. Proficient working with H1B, Green Card and US Citizens.
14. Experience in recruiting techniques like Head Hunting, Calling, Networking Sites, Referrals and Internet Based recruiting Tools.

Organization:   		Altisource Business Solutions Pvt Ltd
Designation: 			Specialist Valuation.
         Tenure: 			28/1/2013 to 14/1/2015
     Job Duties: 	
1. Responsible for the timely review of residential Broker Price Opinions and Appraisals for quality control reports.
2. Handle all rebuttals with respect to origination appraisals, BPOs from clients.
3. Adhere to quality standards by (a) following a specified review format, (b) addressing primary review points, and (c) reconciling to a generally reasonable and supported value.
4. In Jan 2013 started working as Specialist of REO Valuation- analyzing and valuating REO properties based on their condition and in-depth market research.
5. In December 2013 got promoted to Specialist of Hybrid Valuation- Working on customized Hybrid Software, valuating and conducting market research on automated system.
6. June 2014 got Cross Trained in FRN and ARN valuation- Evaluating external condition of the property and valuating it based on market condition.      


Organization:		SecuritiesExchange Board of India,
Designation: 		Data operator – 6 months contract job
Tenure :		29/10/2009 to 17/4/2010
    Job Duties:			
1. Managing databases.
2. Liaising with staff in other departments and with external contacts.
3. Photocopying and printing various documents, sometimes on behalf of other colleagues.
4. Review data for deficiencies or errors, correct any incompatibilities if possible and check output.
5. Compile, verify accuracy and sort information according to priorities to prepare source data for computer entry.
6. Keep information confidential.



Languages Known

English, Hindi and Marathi

Skills

Good Communication Skills, Teamwork, Hardworking.


Place – Mumbai 				Sign-
Date-





