






























 

Page 1 of 5 
 

SUNITHA MULLAPUDI 
Email: sunitharaom60@gmail.com         Mobile No. : +91 8008922995 
Flat no. 201, 1-10-30/2/A, Ramaaramam, Prakashnagar, Begumpet, Hyderabad – 500 016 
 
SUMMARY 
 
 Pharmacy graduate bearing a qualification in Clinical Trial Management, with about 11 years of 

professional experience in clinical research 
 7 years’ experience in Medical Writing  
 4 years’ experience in Indian Regulatory affairs  
 Quality, client and delivery oriented 
 Won accolades for work entrusted to me at every stage of my career 
 Team player dedicated to quality, continuous improvement and bottom-line objectives 
 Good writing, reasoning and interpersonal skills while willing to learn new things. 

 
OBJECTIVES 

To do my best in work assigned to me ensuring high quality is maintained. In doing so, I contribute 
to the success of the organization in turn ensuring my growth as a Clinical Research Professional.  

 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
 
1. Presently working as Lead-QC Medical Writing at Makrocare Ltd., Hyderabad, since Nov 2016 

till date. 
 

 Independent  QC review and manage QC projects in accordance with agreed timelines 
 Verify document content for accuracy vis-a-vis source document including clinical 

regulatory documents such as  
o Clinical trial protocol 
o Clinical trial report 
o  ICF 
o  Clinical and non-clinical overviews 
o Manuscript 
o CER etc. 

 Consistency verification within a document  
 Uniformity and compliance of document verification in line with internal and external 

standards such as document templates and style guide 
 Document QC findings and suggest appropriate corrections to address the findings 
 Coordinate with document authors and across team members (as needed) to resolve QC 

findings 
 Train colleagues on QC standards and processes  
 Periodical  QC reports (Monthly, quarterly, annually) and trend analysis at project level, 

deliverable level and author level 
 
 

 



 

Page 2 of 5 
 

2. Senior Medical Writer at Clinogent (a unit of GVK Biosciences Private Limited) from Aug 2014 
to Feb, 2016. 
 

 Understanding the drug developments within the framework of good clinical and 
research governance 

 Analysing scientific literature and data 
 Coordinating schedules and attend internal / external meetings/tele-conferences with 

clients  and circulating the minutes of meeting (MOM) 
 Performing Medical Writing activities on the assigned project in a timely and efficient 

manner 
 Planning, writing and reviewing of: 

o Clinical trial protocols 
o Clinical trial reports 
o Informed consent forms 
o Manuscripts and Abstracts 

 Performing peer reviews and quality check of the deliverables 
 Preparation of SOPs  
 Maintaining training compliance and adherence to applicable policies and procedures 
 Implementing good communication practices in a regulated environment. 

 
3. Worked as Senior Executive-Regulatory Affairs at Clinogent (a unit of GVK Biosciences Private 

Limited) from  Sep 2010 to Aug 2014 
 

 For Submission to Indian Regulatory Authority: 
 Prepare application dossier for BE NOC & TL, standalone T-License and Global Clinical Trial 
 Prepare application dossier for Export NOC and Import NOC of Biological Samples (ICMR 

submission)' 
 Prepare application dossier for IEC Registration 
 Prepare application dossier for BA/BE study center approval 
 Notify protocol amendments 
 Respond & resolve queries/clarifications received from DCG(I) 
 Provide regulatory updates to management on current regulatory changes  
 Clarify queries from sponsors with regard to Indian regulatory authority 
 Review sponsor documents and crosscheck for sufficiency 
 Co-ordinate with the liaison agent for DCGI approval 
 Track the application status as per expected timelines 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

Page 3 of 5 
 

4. Worked as Senior Research Officer at Accutest Research Laboratories (I) Pvt. Ltd., Navi 
Mumbai from August, 2007 – March, 2009 
 
 Check the feasibility of the clinical study conduction 
 Prepare Clinical Study Protocols in compliance with ICH–GCP Guidelines for submission to 

various regulatory bodies like USFDA, MCC (South Africa), WHO, TPD (Canada), ANVISA 
(Brazil), EMEA (Europe), DCGI (India) etc. 

 Prepare Investigator Brochures 
 Prepare Informed Consent Forms 
 Review of protocols & other clinical documents 
 Resolve queries related to protocol from the clients 
 Prepare documents for submission to IEC and DCGI 
 Pre-study preparation of BA/BE studies 
 Verify the documents for completeness and accuracy 
 Prepare clinical study report 
 Prepare SOPs. 

 
5. Worked as Clinical Research Associate at Alkem Laboratories Ltd., Phoenix Bio-Pharma 

Research Centre from May, 2005 – August, 2007 
 

 Prepare Bioavailability/Bioequivalence/Clinical study Protocols as per ICH-GCP guidelines 
and applicable regulatory requirements 

 Prepare Informed Consent Forms 
 Prepare Clinical Study Reports 
 Design Case Report Forms 
 Co-ordinate with the Independent Ethics Committee 
 Co-ordinate with Physicians 
 Maintain Volunteer Databank 
 Compile Trial Master File 
 Monitor BA/BE study 
 Document study related activities 
 Verify the data entered on to the CRFs 
 Frame and review of SOPs. 

 
6. Worked as Analytical Chemist at Dr. Reddy Laboratories, Hyderabad from June 1997 – Nov 

1998 
 

 Analysis of R&D samples 
 Stability Tests 
 General training in cGMP and GLP 
 Training in Production, Quality Control & Quality Assurance, Validation, Standardisation, 

Safety, Projects, Maintenance, Stores, and Microbiology Departments. 
 
 
 
 



 

Page 4 of 5 
 

QUALIFICATION 

ADDITIONAL QUALIFICATION 
 
 Honors Diploma in Systems Management from NIIT, Vishakhapatnam  
 Student Member Institute of Clinical Research, UK. 

  
PROFESSIONAL TRAINING 
 
 Schedule Y – The New Look - conducted by DCGI, India. 
 International seminar on Global Clinical Trial Management and Logistics. 
 Auditing BA/BE studies 
 Independent Ethics Committees (IECs)- Composition and Function 
 Good Clinical Laboratory Practices 

 
INDUSTRIAL TRAINING 
 
 Industrial Training at B.E Ltd., Hyderabad in the field of production of tablets, liquid orals, 

parental products. 
 Hands-on Dispensing Pharmacy at MGM Hospital, Warangal 

 
ACHIEVEMENTS 
 
 Associated with the team for obtaining approval to the unit by MCC South Africa for 

recognition of Formulations at Dr.Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd. 
 Participated in audit conducted by ANVISA at Alkem Laboratories Ltd. 
 Received outstanding performance award for couple of times at GVK BIOSCIENCES Pvt. Ltd  

 
PROFESSIONAL SKILLS 
 
 Writing and quality review of clinical regulatory documents 

o Clinical Trial Protocols 
o Clinical Trial Reports 
o Informed Consent Forms 
o Manuscripts 
o Clinical Overviews 
o Non-Clinical Overviews 

 Dossier preparation to DCGI for BA/BE studies and Global Clinical Trials 
 Sops preparation   

 
 

Examination/ Discipline/ Specialization Year of Passing 

PG Diploma in Clinical Trial Management from ICRI, 
Mumbai 

2005 

B. Pharmacy, Andhra University, Visakhapatnam 1997 



 

Page 5 of 5 
 

PERSONAL SKILLS 
 

 Positive attitude and determined 
 Troubleshooting proficiency 
 Hard working and sincere 
 Good decision making skills 
 People management 

 
 
DECLARATION 
 
I hereby declare that the information furnished above, is true to the best of my knowledge and 
belief. 
 
Place : Hyderabad 


