




































Microsoft Word - Resume 3


Smit Bhavsar 
Address   22, Jaswant Society, 
        Nr. Kameshwar School, 
                     Satellite, Ahmedabad 380015 
Phone      +917567769550, +919173118851 
E-mail       smitb6494@gmail.com 
DOB           April 06, 1994 

A multi-tasking finance manager with experience in Management reporting, Risk management, 
Budgeting and Auditing seeking an opportunity in the field of management, accounting and finance. 

Professional Experience 
Finance and Administrative Manager           Dec 2015 - Feb 2018 
Crimson Print Pack Pvt Ltd                                               
Responsibilities and Inclusions in work profile. 
 Identifying key bottlenecks of the company including and not limited to certain stock being held by 

the company used very rarely and certain debtors being supplied to by the company who are in no 
position to repay  

 Implementation of a scheduled Managerial Reporting system for better decision making to remove 
bottlenecks 

 Risk Management and Business Assurance 
o Devising an exposure limit for the debtors which were considered risky 
o Assisting in assembling a quality control team for the company and getting inputs from 

them to identify key areas requiring risk management which resulted in company devising 
a raw material policy.  

 Planning, Budgeting and Forecasting 
o Preparing additional sales, additional expenditure and savings in expenditure forecasts 

according to the company’s decided choices for expansion  
o Budgeting and forecasting the increase in turnover post GST by continuously staying in 

touch with the customers of company which gave the company an edge over competitors 
having a conflicting opinion (they had an opinion of reduction in sales) 

 Project Management 
o Shifting of factory premises to a location outside the city 

 

 Accounts and Audit Manager                      Jan 2014 - Oct 2015 
 Atul Dalal & Co.           
Responsibilities and Inclusions in work profile. 
 Book keeping and Accounting of proprietorships and partnerships 
 Check the work of interns to confirm whether proper general ledgers are maintained for specific 

products/services for certain key clients 
 Reconciled bank statements for certain key clients.  
 Performed Company Audits, Statutory Bank Audits and VAT Audits (of the applicable entities) to 

make sure all the entities are performing their tasks according to the rules designed by the 
respective departments of the Government. 

 Handling assessments till the department level of Income Tax and Sales Tax 



Education 
Chartered Global Management Accountant (CIMA)                                                        Jul 2017 
 Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (UK) 

A course that has given me proficiency in management accounting and financial accounting with a       
business focused leadership perspective   

Master of Commerce (M.Com)                  Apr 2016 
 Gujarat University    CGPA – 5.82 
Bachelors of Commerce (B.Com)                  Mar 2014 
 Gujarat University    GPA – 5.9 

 
Skills 
 Leadership qualities and can be a good team player as well 
 Good Communication skills 
 Responsible and Goal oriented 
 Flexible and Supportive 
 Effective Problem Solver 
 

Software 
 Tally ERP 9                                      
                                  Advanced 
 Microsoft Office                                                                                    
                      Advanced 
 Compeat Advantage (US Accounting)                                                            
                              Basic                                         

Voluntary Experience   
 Filing of Indirect Tax returns at CA S N Bhavsar & Co. and assisted in the transformation from VAT 

to GST, also have assisted in handling certain assessments in the department of Sales Tax.     
 Assisted St. Xavier’s Social Service Society in an outreach program to provide education to the 

underprivileged kids by tutoring them.  
 

Achievements 
 One of the youngest members of Chartered Institute of Management Accountants within India (If 

still not the youngest)  
 

Language    
 English  Hindi  Gujarati 
 


