


















































                                     CURRICULAM VITAE 


AVADHUTHA NIKHIL                                 
Cell: +91-7075611631.                                                     Email:nikhil.avadutha@gmail.com                               
 
Career objective:

To work in an innovative and competitive environment where I would be able to hone my skills and ensure credible contribution in my field of interest.

Educational qualifications:
 
	Course/Group
	University/Board
	School/College
	Percentage
	Year of Passing

	B.E (CIVIL)
	Osmania university, Hyderabad
	Matrusri Engineering college, Saidabad,Hyderabad.
	64%
	2018

	Intermediate
(M.P.C)
	Board of Intermediate
Education
	Sri Chaitanya Junior College,
Hyderabad
	93%
	2014

	SSC
	Board of Secondary Education
	Brilliant Model High School, Jannepally.
	93%
	2012




Software skills:

Operating system		:  Windows XP,7,8,10.

Programming Languages	:  C.

Designing skills                         :  Autocad.

Personal skills:
· Ability to work under pressure.
· Quick learner,Honest.
· Hardworking


Academic project:

Title		: Experimental study and strength of concrete by using steel and glass fibers.

Machines	: Compressive strength,Flexural strength.

Description	: In this project, the study focus on the strength and perfromance of fiber concrete by adding different percentages of fibers to ordinary Portland cement(OPC)concrete. The concrete cubes are prepared and tested after 7days,14days,28days of curing in compressive testing machine, flexural testing machine. In this study, an attempt is made to use mixed steel and glass fibers with varying percentages of fibers from 0, 0.5, 1.0, 2.0. Percentages of total fiber content for M25 grade structural concrete with locally available aggregates and ordinary Portland cement. Finally, the strength and performance of fiber concrete is compared with the performance of conventional concrete.

Academic achievements:

· Participated in school level running competation stood first and received applauds.

· Consistently stood in top third positions at my school level with 9.3/10 points

Personal profile:

Name				: Avadhutha Nikhil
Father’s name			: Ramesh
Date of birth			: 22 -04 -1997
Marital status			: Single
Languages known		: English, Hindi and Telugu.
Nationality			: Indian
Hobbies			: Listening to music, watching tv, Playing sports&games

Declaration:
           I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.


Date       :
Place      : Hyderabad.                                                             (AVADHUTHA NIKHIL)
.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
