













































RAHUL MARWAH

AKASHDEEP SINGH
akashdeep637@gmail.com
+91 9015460800
Objective
To widen my horizons of intellect and become a successful leader by understanding the global context in which business operates and to lead teams and organizations that are determined to change the world.

Education
Completed  B.Tech in Electronics and communication engineering from BMS College of engineering and technology in 2014, Sri Muktsar Sahib with 71 %

Completed Diploma in Electronics and communication engineering from Adesh Polytechnic College in 2011 , Sri Muktsar Sahib with 68.5%

Completed Matriculation from Tagore Model School in 2008, Sri Muktsar Sahib with 73 %
Work Experience
Wipro Infotech (Client: Bharti Airtel), Manesar
Time Period: Apr 2016 to Apr 2018
Job Profile and Responsibilities: NOC Engineer

First level troubleshooting (end to end connectivity ping test, RF signal and quality check, ping drops and interference issue check on RF. Device LOG check, IDU port and duplex setting check at BTS, customer end ODU and router.

Checking end to end connectivity from MPLS to customer end(Switch, E-gate, fiber node, Microwave media, RF media and other last mile using NMS and other monitoring portals)

Using Network Monitoring tools like Primatel, RADWIN, Alverion, Cambium, Maksat for RF monitoring and troubleshooting and Alcatel lucent, ECI and Tejas for transmission media monitoring.

Aligning FE and take follow-up with him and instructing him for resolution of issue at BTS and CPE. 

Network Diagnosis using Telnet(Putty) on PE and CE router, monitoring tools etc 

Using tool Web tool Client for Problem Assigning, Problem Resolutions etc.

Maintaining good SLA and CSAT for the Problems.

Responsible to give proper Update to customer on any delays in resolution of an Incident.

Handling link down, link flapping, packet drop, slow speed, high latency and other application issues of internet.

TATA Tele Services Ltd (TTSL) , Noida, Sector -60

Time Period: October, 2014 to Apr 2016.

Job Profile and Responsibilities: L2 Technical Support Engineer (TSE)

Providing technical support for MPLS and ILL connectivity for Clients of TATA Tele Services Ltd.

To handle concern which is booked by the corporate customer and to coordinate with higher level network transmission team to resolve the issue within SLA.

To identify types of alarm present in transmission media and same convey to customer and coordinate with network team

Maximizing network performance by monitoring performance, troubleshooting network problems and outages, scheduling upgrades and collaborating with network architects on network optimization.

Undertaking data network fault investigations in local and wide area environments, using information from multiple sources.

Assist in the Implementation of any Information network related solutions.

Analyzing the reports provided by the client and finding the cause and providing solution.

Coordinating with the field engineers to get the client issues resolved at the earliest.

Resolving fault and service tickets within the agreed SLA.

Technical Skills
Cisco Trained

MPLS (Multi-Protocol Label Switching), DLC (Domestic Lease Circuit), ILL (Internet Lease Line), gateway configuration, ACL, WAN Protocols, Riverbed Technology.
Telnet , IP Mismatching  Issues,   High Latency, Link Flapping, Request Time Out , High Utilization of Link,  Multicasting with corporate clients.
Supervising the Layer 2 & Layer 3 Switches and Routers according to client requirement. MPLS, CEF, LSR, Ingress router.
NMS, SDH, PDH, LBR, UBR, Putty, E-gate, Router, Router Configuration, NAT.

Network connectivity, internet access, Email, IP configuration, DHCP, masking, LAN/WAN Equipment and related Services, TCP/IP Protocol Suite.

Training Experience
Underwent six weeks training at Eureka Eeast (Diploma curriculum Academic Training), Chandigarh and worked on Integrated Electronics in 2010.
Underwent six weeks training at Innovative electronics (B Tech curriculum Academic Training), Bathinda and worked on Integrated Electronics in 2012.
Underwent six months training at HCL CDC (B.Tech curriculum academic training) Mohali and worked on networking (CCNA and MCITP) in 2014.
Projects Undertaken
Temperature measurement and graphic analyzer using MATLAB

LPG leakage sensor

Knock alarm
Organizational Roles
Participated extensively in various In house (College) and inter College events like Computer Proficiency, Group discussion, Numerical aptitude, General knowledge.

Personal Details

Name


:
Akashdeep Singh
Date of Birth

:
19th September, 1992
Sex 


:
Male
Nationality 

:
Indian
Language Proficiency
:
English, Hindi, Punjabi

