

















































RESUME

RESUME

Name: SUDHARSAN T
Contact No: +91 97911 27571
E-mail Address: sudharsan07@yahoo.com

Career Objective:
To aquire real time knowledge and make optimum utilization of my knowledge and skills towards my profession and to contribute in the best possible way towards the betterment of the organization and self.

Professional  Academic Course Pursuing:
1. Chartered Accountancy - CA - Completed Intermediate Group – 1 during May 2018 Examination.
2. MBA  (Financial Management ) through Madras University – pursuing first year.
Other Qualifications:
· Attended ITT programme conducted by the Institute of Chartered Accountancy of India and obtaineda certificate for completion of the programmeduring  January 2016.
· Technical Skills – Good working experience in Microsoft Office software
· Good  working level knowledge in SAP and Tally softwares.
Work Experience:
· Exposure to Data management during my engagement with Writer safeguard for a period of 2 months (Part time) where waste resources were identified and managed and also redesigned the process.
· Worked as Accounts Assistant for a period of 2 months in Sunil Sethia& Associates Audit firm(Part Time)
· Worked as Team Leader in correct process maintenance in ERP and procedures being practices correctly and achieved targets on timein E Kart Logistics for a period of 2 months (Part Time).
`Audit Experience:
1. Part of audit team in Statutory Audit of - Arise and Shine International school chain (Anna Nagar)and Vishesh Textiles.
2. Tax/ Vat audit exposure in – Sairam Enterprises, Shimato Enterprises and Briskk Enterprises. Conversant with GST related tax regulations and mechanism.
Academic Qualification:

	Year of passing
	
Qualification
	
Institution
	
Results in %

	2017
	B.Com
	Madras University – Distance Education
	58%

	2013
	XII std
	Prince Matriculation Higher Secondary School, Chennai
	92%

	2011
	X std
	Prince Matriculation Higher Secondary School, Chennai
	78%



Personal Skills and Qualities:
· Have an interest towards Photography (Freelancer) 
· Have an interest towards Electronics and Gadgets.
· Committed and have the drive to accomplish assignments.
Personal Information:
Date of Birth 		: 23rd January 1996 
Father's Name 		: T. Lakshmi Rathna Gandhi
Linguistic abilities     	: English, Tamil , Telugu & Hindi
Residential Address 	: No.5/299 ,Nehru  4th Street, Madipakkam,Chennai - 600 091.

Declaration:
I hereby declare that the information stated above is true and correct to the best of my knowledge.

Place: Chennai 
Date:27/12/2018                                                                                                                                        Sudharsan T
