


















































Prabhakar Teegala

Contact No:  +91 – 8870549579

E-mail: prabhakar.3764@gmail.com

OBJECTIVE:

To learn and function effectively in a growth oriented organization, able to deliver to the bottom-line. To constantly upgrade my knowledge and skills and make a difference in whatever I do.

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

3 years of professional work experience in IT industry with:

·   Versatile experience in technology and having expertise in technical part of NATURAL.

· Knowing the value of sharing the knowledge and always enjoyed a constructive
· and effective relationship with the client/user base and my technical peers.

·   Flexible and versatile to adapt to any new environment and work on any project.

·   Excellent at customer service orientation, effective communicator.

·   Vibrant team player and fast learner, ability to perform well in group activity

·   Good analytical and problem solving skills.

· Ability to work cohesively in a team environment.

WORK EXPERIENCE:

· Working as Programmer with Tech Mahindra since 31st July 2014.

SKILL SETS:

Development Environment:	NATURAL and ADABAS.

Databases:	ADABAS

Tools and Utilities:	Predict

Additional Mainframe Skills:	JCL

Operating Systems:	ZOS, OS2, WINDOWS

EDUCATION AND TRAINING:

Bachelors in Computer Science & Engineering – (2010- 2014)
·   VIT university Vellore, Tamil Nadu

  79.99% Aggregate

Higher Secondary (Class XII) – (2008-2010)
·   SASI JUNIOR intermediate college, velivennu, AP

  91.9% Aggregate

Secondary School Certificate: (2007-2008)
·   Sasi school, velivennu, AP

  89.67% Aggregate

Training:

· Attended Corporate Training in Mainframe technology (COBOL, JCL, DB2, and VSAM & CICS) and has expertise knowledge in NATURAL and ADABAS.



ABOUT CLIENT AND PROJECT DESCRIPTION:

Tech Mahindra has entered into an agreement with Nissan to provide Application Maintenance Enhancements & Support to applications in Nissan North America’s IT Portfolio, with special focus on achieving an optimum Onsite-Offshore ratio.

The engagement would have a significant presence on-site to interact with the client and serve as an interface between the offshore team and the client’s IT team. The technologies involved in this engagement would include Mainframes, SAP, J2EE, Microsoft Technologies, and Oracle among others. Tech Mahindra is already a vendor for Nissan Japan & Nissan Europe and hence is well aware of the technical, functional aspects of Nissan North America’s IT Portfolio.

Mainframe is the major part of Nissan America’s daily, monthly and yearly business activities. It deals with generating various reports, invoices, maintaining customer & vehicle records which are of top most importance to Nissan’s Business. Mainframe also deals with various Online

Applications known as Nissan Online Applications (NOA) which is of utmost importance to both the corporate Nissan users and Nissan\Infiniti Dealers.

These day to day production support activities include interacting with the client directly, understanding their needs for business processes, monitoring the batch processes, correcting any discrepancies that might have occurred in the process hence impacting the production data, to fix any problems that might have occurred in the process of Invoicing, to respond to any service request created by the users, to support Nissan’s Online Application (NOA) functions and also to do Minor Enhancements which require less than 200 hours of effort. Minor Enhancements are normally created by the client to enhance the existing functionalities of the system. Nissan Online Application (NOA) is a very important aspect of the system as Business users and Dealer users directly interact with these applications and hence these applications should always be up and running in real time without any problem. Any problems with these application screens hamper or delay business activities directly.

PROJECT SCOPE & RESPONSIBILITES:

·   Supporting Vehicle Control system for Nissan Canada Inc.

· Analysing the change requests/requirements from the client and performing coding
· and unit testing for the same.

·   Job(Batch) monitoring and fixing errors

·   Direct interaction with client for the Business application support.

· Direct interaction with the end users (especially Dealer users or Nissan’s Customer) for
· any issues or queries.

· Taking care of all the high priority issues that impacts business directly which need to

be solved within very less time.Providing support to offshore team to help them resolve the low priority issues or requests that come from the client.

	Project Type
	RTB (Run The Business)
	

	
	
	

	Project Domain
	Automobile
	

	
	
	

	Sub Domain
	IT Delivery
	

	
	
	

	Solution
	Production Support
	

	
	
	

	Service Offering
	
	

	
	
	

	Client
	NISSAN CANDA INC.
	

	
	
	

	Designation
	Software Engineer
	

	
	
	

	Organization
	Tech Mahindra Limited
	

	
	
	

	Location
	Offshore: Chennai
	Onsite: Canada

	
	
	

	Duration
	Offshore: July 2014 – Till date
	Onsite:  2

	
	
	

	Team Size
	Project : 15
	Module : 4

	
	
	

	Environment
	Languages:
	NATURAL , COBOL , JCL ,

	(with skill
	
	CICS and VSAM

	
	
	

	versions)
	Software:
	

	
	Database :
	ADABAS

	
	
	

	
	Tools :
	Service Now , ISPF , Ca7 ,

	
	
	Remedy

	
	
	

	
	O/s :
	Z/OS

	
	
	

	Functional
	Nil
	

	
	
	






Project Description:

NISSAN is one of the leading companies in the field of Automobile Industry. It is widely spread in Europe, North America, Canada and etc. Our project mainly deals with customers in Canada, NCI (Nissan Canada Inc). Manufacturing plant of Nissan is at U.S.A, Mexico and Japan. Since, Canada is not the Plant there will be a massive transportation to and fro between the Plants and Canada. These entire vehicles related movement needs to be captured systematically in order to ensure the current status of a vehicle. We are proving our warm hands to support the below stated application.

	Order Management System


It provides a direct interaction with Dealers where they can place the vehicle orders for their customers.


	Vehicle Daily Ordering

It ensures the Dealers by giving tentative dates on when the vehicle can be delivered to customers.




· Vehicle Tracking System

It ensures the current status of a vehicle movement and thereby letting the

Dealers to know the approximate date of the vehicle delivery.

· Vehicle Control System



All	the	operations	of	vehicle	like	Shipping,	Railing,	Trucking,	Whole

Selling, Retailing and etc will be handled in this area of application


· Vehicle marketing Allocation


Based on the marketing sales of a vehicle model, Nissan tentatively tells the plant about the quantity of the model that needs to be manufactured for a quarter.

· Vehicle Price Sticker

Vehicle related information like price, Model, Engine and etc will be generated as a label, which will be pasted on the vehicle at the time of delivery

· Vehicle daily Ordering



It will let the Plant to know the quantity of the vehicle that needs to be transported to Canada in a week.



· Dealer Incentive Payments

Based on the target achieved by the Dealer Nissan will be paying them the incentive amount.

	PERSONAL DETAILS:
	

	
	Full Name:
	Prabhakar Teegala

	
	Mailing Address (Present):
	Prabhakar Teegala

	
	
	Opposite to Ambedkar statue,

	
	
	Dharmavarm, Kovvur Mandal,

	
	
	West Godavari Dt, AP

	
	Date of birth:
	24th  July 1993

	
	Languages know:
	English, Telugu, Tamil and Hindi

	
	Nationality:
	Indian

	
	Gender:
	Male

	
	Marital Status:
	Not married

	
	Strengths:
	Self-motivated, Good leadership quality,






Prabhakar.T
