


















































Abhay Raorane
	Objective
	Position requiring innovative, challenging employment that will utilize my education and professional skills and offer advancement opportunity.

	Academics
	2008                                                                                                       Bachelor of Commerce (University of Mumbai)                                    Sathaye College of Arts, Science & Commerce
                                    Vile Parle, Mumbai.
2004                                                                                                        HSC Commerce (Maharashtra State Board)                                   Sathaye College of Arts, Science & Commerce                                                                                           Vile Parle, Mumbai.
2002                                                                                                        SSC (Maharashtra State Board)                                                               Parle Tilak Vidyalaya                           
                                              Vile Parle, Mumbai.

	Additional Qualifications                     
	2007
SWIFT Computer Course  
NIIT, Vile Parle, Mumbai.

	Personal Details
	Residential Address
:
14, Bombori Chawl,
Parsiwada,  
Sahar Road, 
Andheri (East), 
Mumbai - 400099.
Contact Number
:
+91-96647-77225
Email Address 
:
abbyrane@gmail.com
Date of Birth
:
27th September 1986.
Mother Tongue
:
Marathi.
Marital Status
:
Unmarried
Languages Known
:
English, Hindi and Marathi.


	Computer Skills
	MS-Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint), Internet Operations & other Citrix Based Applications.


Achievements        Awarded As Star Performer of the Process in June 2011
istaar E-Businessel on behalf of the corporate clients.h various search engies and constantly monitoring their rankings in majWork Experience:
	 

	      April 2008 – November 2009

	     Health Prime Serves of India Limited

	     Designation: Billing Associate

	 


	 

	      November 2009 - till date

	     Inventurus Knowledge Solutions

	     Designation: Process Associate

	 


istaar E-Businessel on behalf of the corporate clients.h various search engies and constantly monitoring their rankings in majRoles and Responsibilities:
· Managed the accurate and timely processing of up to 20,000 invoices ($1M) per month for large, multi-site organizations. Assessed and closed A/P sub-ledger on a monthly basis, validated content and resolved various issues
· Consistently maintained accuracy in calculating figures and amounts such as discounts, interest, commissions, proportions and percentages.
· Verified payment accounts, entered information into systems to ensure printed checks and contact with customers
· Prepared financial reports and statements, and oversaw day to day activities of the accounts payable department
· Responsible for timely refunds of payment made by Insurance.
· Assisted in maintenance and completion of general ledgers
· Responsible for handling activities in accounts payable and receivable.
· Generating the Daily Claim Outstanding Report to identify the number of claims that needs to be addressed on a particular day.
· Follow up with the Insurance Company for timely resolution of customer claims. (New Claim Request).
· Creating appeals for denied claims, providing necessary paper works and other supporting documents thereby ensuring that the claims get approved by the insurance company.
· Coordinating with the Clinic for missing/additional documents for supporting the claim              (i.e. invoices, medical records, reports etc. if they are not available in the system).
· Follow up with the courier company if the claim/appeal has not reached the insurance company on time.
· Follow up with Insurance Companies for the settlement of old and new receivables.
· Coordinating with the mailroom team for identifying the status of the daily receivables                   (i.e. checks received). Responsible for applying the daily receivables to the necessary accounts. Monitoring these accounts very closely on a regular basis.
· Initiating the Accounts Receivable Adjustment process if the claim has been denied by the Insurance Company. Involved in the preparation of necessary documentations. Obtaining the approvals from the relevant departments as per the authorization matrix. Ensuring that the write off entry is processed on a timely basis and reflecting in the customer’s account.
· Managing cordial relationships with the clinics, other support staff, related departments thereby ensuring smooth business operations.
· Created innovative revenue system that increases the overall growth of the organization.
.
References: 
Available upon request.
*******************
