















































                         RESUME 

  

Name: SHASWATA MUKHERJEE                               
E-Mail I.D: shaswato.mukherjee@gmail.com 

Contact No: +91-9804085698 

 

 
 

Seeking opportunity in Accounts / Finance / Taxation with an organisation of high repute. 

Professional Preface 

✓ A dynamic professional with nearly 10 years of experience in Accounts, Taxation and Auditing.  

✓ Currently working with Institute of Indian Foundrymen in the post of Management 

Executive(Finance) 

✓ Proficient in preparing & maintaining statutory books of accounts; sound knowledge in handling 

Tax related matters. 

✓ Handling Branches and Team Leadership Abilities 

✓ Strong analytical & organizational abilities with a depthness in preparing accounting records / 

financial statements.  

✓ An effective communicator with excellent interpersonal skills. 

✓ Willing to work under pressure, alone or in a team. 
 

Areas of Expertise 

Accounting 

✓ Preparing, maintaining & reconciliation of statutory books of accounts, ledgers, trial balance 
sheet and reconciliation of financial statements in compliance with the norms. 

✓ Ensuring timely payments of bills and all necessary compliances of statutory Laws e.g. – TDS, 
GST, P.Tax, P.F, E.S.I, Excise. 

✓ Presenting a true and fair view of the financial position of the company of the client companies. 

mailto:shaswato.mukherjee@gmail.com


✓ Ensuring timely reconciliation of Bank Accounts, Vendor accounts (Internal & External both), 
Liability Accounts (TDS, Service Tax (Recoverable & Payable)  

 

Auditing & Taxation 

✓ Assisting in the internal audits. 
✓ Assisting in the Statutory Audit of Banks. 
✓ Helping seniors in analytical review of financial statements & preparation of documents for I.T 

Scrutiny. 
✓ Conducting Statutory and Stock Audit of Private Limited Companies. 
✓ Conducting Courseware, Collection & System Audit of NIIT Ltd. 

 

Employment Details: 

Current Employer:  

The Institute of Indian Foundrymen 

Designation: 

December 2015 – Till Date: Management Executive (Finance) 

Overall Responsibilities 

✓ Finalization of Accounts of H.O & Branch Office. 
✓ Handling Direct & Indirect Taxation matters 
✓ Controlling Taxation and finance of 34Nos Chapters (Branches) across India, thereby leading a team 

of 10. 
✓ Handling GST. 
✓ Branch operations. 
✓ Internal Audit. 
✓ Statutory Compliances 
✓ Budget Preparation and control 
✓ Direct Reporting to the CFO & Delivering assigned work within set deadline 
✓ TDS & I.T Scrutiny Cases handling. 
 

 

Current CTC: ` 4.83 lakhs 

 

 

 

 

 



Previous Employment 

1.Rashmi Metaliks Ltd 

Designation:   

June 2015 – 09.12.2015: Accounts Executive(RM). 

Overall Responsibilities 

✓ Finalization of Accounts of Parent & Group Company. 
✓ Handling Direct & Indirect Taxation matters 
✓ Party balance reconciliation and arrangement of payment / refund. 
✓ Taking steps towards refundable balance recovery. 
✓ Raw Material procurement and Dock supervision. 
✓ Solving Customs related issues. 
✓ Preparing MIS and reporting variations. 

 

2.Watertech Engineers Pvt Ltd 

Designation:  

July 2013:  - June 2015: Senior Accountant   

Overall Responsibilities 

✓ Finalization of Accounts of Parent & Group Company. 
✓ Handling Direct & Indirect Taxation matters. 
✓ Preparing Documents for Bank Loans & CC related matters. 
✓ Income Tax, TDS, S.T, Excise, P.Tax,, VAT/CST Calculation & Return Filing. 
✓ ROC related works. 
✓ Excise Calculation and Return Filing 
✓ Preparation of necessary documents for I.T & VAT/CST Case. 

 

3. Debashis Guha & Associate, Chartered Accountants. 

Designation: 

March 2008 -July 13: Accountant. 
 

Overall Responsibilities 

✓ Finalization of Accounts of Private Limited firms. 
✓ Finalization of Accounts of Partnership firms. 
✓ Finalization of Personal/Individual Accounts. 
✓ Handling Direct & Indirect Taxation matters. 
✓ Conducting Courseware, Collection & System Audit of NIIT. 
✓ Conducting Statutory and Stock Audit of Private Limited firms. 



✓ Preparation of necessary documents for I.T scrutiny. 
 

 

IT Skills: 

✓  ERP – Fusion, ERP – Lighthouse, Tally 9-ERP, Tally-9, Tally-7.2 

✓ MS-Excel. 

✓ MS-Word. 

 

Academic Credentials:                            

✓ C.A. PCE-II(Inter)  
(Institute of Chartered Accountants of India – November 2012) 

 
✓ B.Com (Accountancy Hons.) 
              (S.A. Jaipuria College, Calcutta University, in 2009) 

                                                      

✓ ISC-Commerce 
              (WWA Cossipore English School-Delhi Board, in 2006) 

 

✓ ICSE 
             (WWA Cossipore English School-Delhi Board, in 2004) 

 

Personal Portfolio 

Date of Birth:             2nd December, 1987 

Father’s Name:          Mr. Manab Mukherjee 

Mother’s Name:         Mrs. Banani Mukherjee 

Marital Status:           Married 

Address:                       19, Shashi Bhushan  Neogi Garden Lane, Nabapally, Baranagar,  
                                     Kolkata- 700036 

 

Linguistic Abilities:   English, Bengali and Hindi. 

                                                                                                       

 

Date:   06th June 2018                                  .......................................... 
                                                                                                                                                                            (Shaswata Mukherjee) 

 


