










































House no

House no.30 

Avantika Avenue, Phase III 

  B.H.E.L Bhopal M.P 

Contact no: (91)-8120113903
®0755-2620447

LIPIKA DAS




     
 Email id: daslipika255@gmail.com
Career objective 

To build a long-term career in the Field of HR, Research and Training and Development and to join a company that offers me a stable and positive atmosphere and inspires me to enhance and therefore to innovate the work culture for the betterment of all parties concerned.
Work Experience

1. Company : TAC Global Network
Nature of work: HR Executive

Experience: June 2008 to July 2011

Work Place: Baroda

· Selection and Recruitment of candidates

· Training and development of newly appointed employees

· Corporate Trainings to other companies as well given below

1. A. Company: Dynamic InfoTech Services
Nature of work: Free lancer HR Recruiter and Language Trainer

Experience: July 2010-October 2010 (Four months)

Work place: Bhopal, M.P.

· Recruiting people as Customer care agents, senior customer care agents and Team leaders. 

· Train selected candidates with the knowledge of English Language, American and British Accents, Personality development.

· Providing Support as a Counselor for existing employees and grievance handling.
1. B. Company:  Appco Group India 
Nature of work: Free lancer Trainer

Experience: January 2011- March 2011 (Two months)

Work Place: Vadodara, Gujarat

· My work was to train selected candidates with English Language, and Personality development.

· Training people to work as a Human commercial which includes pitching people of Corporate, convincing them to support the cause HELP AGE INDIA.

1. C. Company: IndiaCan, A Pearson Educomp Company

Nature of Work: English Language, Sales and Retail Trainer
Experience: April 2011 to July 2011
Work Place: Vadodara, Gujarat
· I provide Vocational training in the field of English, Sales and Retail to students, working professionals, House-wives.

· Counseling people to choose the right subject in Indiacan

· Certified trainer by Pearson and Educomp Company

Trainings 
1. Company: BHEl, Bhopal

Trained in: Performance appraisal system (PAS)
Duration: Three weeks
It’s a largest engineering and manufacturing enterprise in India in the energy related infrastructure sector. I learned the objectives of PAS which includes recommending new KRA’s, identifying specific training and development requirement for employees, to identify the better performers and poor performers. I Learned the method of MAP (Moving ahead with performance) used for executives as a system of PA.
2. Company: Mukund and Rohit chartered accountants, Vadodara 
Trained in: Execution of Company Manual
Duration: Three months

I developed and implemented the performance appraisal system, orientation kit and training program for the firm by investigating the firm’s vision, mission and values. To know the expectations of the employees from the Firm and vice versa using psychological tests as Work Motivation Test, the Big Five personality Test, Otis Employment Tests and the Minnesota Counseling Inventory. I created training sessions for the new as well as old employees so as to update them with the recent technologies, Personality Development, cross cultural barriers in work.

3. Company: Hotel Surya Palace, Vadodara
Trained in: core HR work of Service industries
Duration: Three months

I learned the prevailing system of HR which includes HRIS that is the HR Information System which manages the recruitment, staff-shifts, time & attendance, and many other aspects of hospitality HR requirements. It should be able to drill down to history files and provide e-leave application & training management. How to use the software which are made to utilize the time of the staff folklore HCM, Payroll, Attendance, Training and many more.
4. Company: AC Nielson, Baroda
Trained in: Research Activities
Duration: Three months

In depth analysis about research projects specifically consumer behavior that includes the core knowledge about Marketing Research which again includes its meaning, goals, characteristics, classification, methods and steps of doing marketing research. The training includes on field work, data entry, data filtering, and data analysis according to client’s need, data merging and data confidentiality. The main thing that is learnt is that it is necessary for the data in a research to be totally clean and free of errors. Errors can very well lead to confounding of the research and affects the result in a great way.
5. Vidhan Sabha, Bhopal, M.P.

Trained in: Parliamentary Functioning & Process
Duration: Three weeks

I learned the principles of Political Science, along with the practical exposure of parliamentary functions which includes the plan of sessions, steps to present a budget, uses of important acts and articles, constitution’s review, role of speaker, emergency situation handling and types of political parties.
6. Diploma in office automation with statistical package SPSS known.
7. Institute: Dimensionz, New Delhi. 
          Trained in: Language and Facilitation

Duration: One week


I learned the techniques of training people of Corporate, BPO’s, and students in English Language with the help of smart classes, video conferencing and language lab. It includes learning grammar, speech process, accents, vocabulary, non- verbal communications and personality development techniques.
Projects 

1. Organizational development activities conducted for Mukund & Rohit, CA Firm, where in I developed the Company Manual for the emerging Firm. The aim of the project was to understand the Firm’s as well as the Employee’s expectation from each other. For that certain psychological testing were done. Along with that an orientation tool kit was designed for selected candidates which include the introduction of the firm followed by firm’s policies, training and development in the field of language, cross culture barriers, personality development, office etiquettes and handling new technologies.
2. Dissertation at Master’s level done on Factors influencing the Behavior of Children as consumers for malted drinks with the Objective to understand the factors which determine the preference of particular brand by children as consumers for malted drinks, to understand whether there is a socio-cultural influence in the buying behavior of children, to study the difference in perception of factors among children and parents while buying malted drinks.
3. “A study done on the performance appraisal system (PAS)” of BHEL Bhopal Division. I made a project which includes the introduction of BHEL, what is Performance Appraisal in Government sectors, Types of PAS, methods of doing PA, its procedure and steps, its effect on the Company and feedback by the employees and the Executives as well.
4. “Quality of work life in hotel industry” done under Hotel Surya Palace where I studied each and every part of the Hospitality Industry which again includes several departments 
and their functioning i.e. Front Desk, Kitchen Management, Housekeeping, HR, Guest relation and handling and security.
5. Done stress audit on executives at Indian oil corporation limited, Vadodara, where I was asked by the HOD of Health Department to make a questionnaire on stress, check its reliability and validity and set its norms. After that it was send for pilot study to the professors of MS University, Vadodara and then it was implemented on the Executive employees of IOCL, Vadodara. 
6. A Case study done at “Digdarshika” a local N.G.O working in the field of M.R. in Bhopal. Here I took certain cases from the centre and studied the types of abnormalities which are diagnosed mostly in the population. 
7. A Case study made on Alcohol and Drug Abuse Rehabilitation centre in Bhopal which has an aim to understand the core reason of opting this kind of habits, diagnosing the reasons behind that, methods and procedures to help them out in severe circumstances followed by an individual’s case history taken from the centre to understand the facts in a deep manner.
Achievements
1. Won prizes in Dance, Painting, Speech, Essay writing, Athletics in School and College level.
2. Was selected as a House Captain in School from 7th till 11th Standard and School Captain in 12th Standard.
3. Awarded with gold medal as All Rounder student in the college.

4. Actively participated as an event manager in Mental Health Week 09’ in Dept. of Psychology, M.S.U. Baroda.

5. Volunteered the 5th National Conference of Hypnotherapy held in Baroda in January 09’.

6. Was selected as the treasurer of the BMG Group of Psychology Dept. in the year 2008-09.
7. Represented M.S. University Vadodara in an International Seminar of psychology held in JNU Delhi for in Paper Presentation. 

Educational qualifications 

	SNO.
	DEGREE
	INSTITUTION
	BOARD/UNIV.
	YEAR
	PERCENTAGE

	1
	M.A.

(INDUSTRIAL PSYCHOLOGY)
	M.S.U BARODA
	M.S.U.BARODA
	2010
	72

	2
	B.A  (HONOURS)
	I.E.H.E BHOPAL
	B.U.BHOPAL
	2008
	72

	3
	XII (PCM)
	V.H.S.S.BHOPAL
	C.B.S.E
	2005
	60

	4
	X
	R.K.G.S.S.BHOPAL
	C.B.S.E
	2002
	70


Personal profile

Name:


Lipika Das

Birth Date: 

03-12-1987

Father’s name:

 Shri. Samir Ranjan Das
Mother’s Name:
Smt. Bharti Das

Marital status:

Single


Hobbies:

Dance, Reading, Painting, Swimming, Sports.
Language Known: 
English, Hindi, Bengali, Gujarati

Strength:
I consider myself determined and always ready to learn. I am also confident of my ability to work in a team.
Declaration
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge. 

Date:  14-06-2011








Place: Vadodara      







    


LIPIKA DAS 
