











































PHOTO

CURRICULUM VITAE
SUPRIYA G. MORE  
Nationality: - Indian. 

Sex: - Female. 

Date of Birth: - 28th October 1989 

Marital Status: - Married 

Mobile no. : - 9773135991 

E- Mail Id.:- supriyamore2011@gmail.com                                                       
Address: AL-1/29 Sanchita Apt. sector17                                               
Airoli Navi Mumbai. 400708
Objective         
· To pursue a challenging career in an organization where I can apply knowledge, acquire new skills and work closely with a team of highly experienced professionals.  
· To obtain a career that ensures an excellent opportunity for continued professional growth as well as will provide a complete job satisfaction. 
Qualification:            
	Examination
	University/ Board
	Institute/School
	Year

	   B.Pharm
	Mumbai
	Bharti vidyapeeth college of pharmacy,CBD Belapur
	2011-13

	   D.Pharm
	Mumbai
	VJSMS Institute of pharmacy
	2009-10

	     H.S.C
	Mumbai
	ICLS Motilal Jhunjhunwala college, Vashi
	2006-07

	     S. S. C.
	Mumbai
	Sushiladevi Deshmukh Vidyalaya, Airoli
	2004-05


Technical Skills:

· Discrepancy management
· Listings: Critical listings, STATs listings, Incremental queries, Manual Listings review, Medical Monitor queries etc.
· Edit checks, List checks Testing  (UAT) 

· Peer QC of Discrepancy

· Prepare/Update study documentation like Data review guidelines 

· Phill QC and documents uploading. 
· Creating and maintaining different tracker to accelerate data cleaning process in systematic and simplified way. 
· Email communication with client. 

· Review data and generate queries as per STATs and other study member requirements, basic data review, perform ad-hoc task required by the DAL, clinical team, etc. 

· Maintaining listing specification tracker to track the UAT of manual list checks.
· Worked on safety  reports testing
Job Responsibilities:
· Generate queries to clarify and improve the quality of the data. 
· Perform data management activities on the assigned project in a timely and efficient manner.
· Provide ad-hoc data listings as and when needed 

· Understand, provide input to and comply with all applicable requirements of the study 

· Create timelines for interim data cut.
· Conduct basic data review 

Core Skills                        
· OC RDC4.6.2
· Clinical Database Management

· MS Word, MS Excel
Area of Interest
Clinical Data Management activities.
Work Experience                        
Employed in Cognizant Technology Solutions, Pvt. Ltd. since January 2014.
Total work experience: 4 years 7 month
Attributes

Logical, Rapid gaining of Technical Skills, Self-Development Attitude.

Languages known
English, Hindi , Marathi
Hobbies
Playing Badminton.
Declaration 
I hereby declare that all the information provided by me in this application is factual and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.
I would be happy to provide you any further information if desired.

Place: Airoli

Date: 
                                                                                                     (Supriya More)

3       


