














































CURRICULUM  VITAE 
GAJANAN M. GADKARI 

 H.No-P-50 Housing Board Colony 

Rumdamol Dovarlim 

Navelim Margao Salcete 

Goa-403707 

Mobile-8975735319 
Email-shauryagadkari995@gmail.com 

Objective: 

 
To continuously enhance my knowledge, skill and experience by getting involved in 

challenging work environment and utilize them for personal and organizational growth at 

the best of my ability. 

 
Work Experience: (4 Years and 5 months)  

 

• Working as  Assistant Account(FTG) RTR Process in Infosys Ltd.(IBPM) 

 (Pune Location)  since October, 2017 till date. 
  

(Working on SAP in CEP and MP1 kernel, Preparation and posting journal entries, 

BSAR(Balance Sheet Accounts Reconciliation ) Report preparation and  Fixed Asset 
Activities like - Creation , Capitalization, depreciation.)  
 

• Worked as Account Assistant in Tech Force Composites Pvt. Ltd.(Goa)   

  From  Feb 2016 to Sep 2017. 

 
(worked on  Tally ERP9 and Tally 6.2 version,  posting entries on purchase and sales  

in tally along with other journal entries, other bank  and  excise and GST related 

work, handle petty cash  book for few  months, preparation of  internal Audit reports) 

 
•  Worked as Account Assistance in Lokmanya Multipurpose Co-Op    

  Society Ltd.(Goa) from June 2013 to Nov. 2015 

 
(Worked on daily banking transaction and handle cash transaction, preparation of 

fortnightly reports, preparation of month end and year end reports and other activities 

assigned by manager to me) 

  

• Worked as Sales Executive in Shree Samarth Automotive, Verna- Goa   

  (Hero Showroom) for 2 years. From May 2011 to May2013. 

 
(Handling  daily customers, maintain vehicles stock reports, preparation of RTO papers.)              

    

mailto:Email-shauryagadkari995@gmail.com


Educational Qualification: 

 
• B.Com Specialized in financial Accountancy, Business Management  from   

  Rani Parvati Devi(RPD) College of  Arts & Commerce Belgaum With first   

  Class in 2011(Karnataka University) 

 
• HSSC from Gomtesh College Hindwadi Belgaum with Second Class in   

  2008  (Karnataka University) 

 
 
• SSC from Govt. High School Davorlim Salcete Goa With Second Class in   

  2006 (Goa University) 

 
Computer Knowledge: 

 
• Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, 

• Tally 9 

• SAP Knowledge 

 
Personal Skill : 

 
• Excellent interpersonal skill & communication skill. 

• Adaptive to various environment 

• Efficient team worker. 

• Language Known :  English, Hindi, Marathi & Konkani   

 
Personal Details: 

 
Marital Status         : Single 

Date of Birth          : 25
th
 October 1989 

Religion                 :  Hindu 

 
Deceleration: 

 
I here by affirm that the given information is accurate & true to the best my knowledge. 

 
 

  (Gajanan M.Gadkari) 


