




























































Amutha G
D/O Mr.Gopalasamy,
Rajagopalapuram, East Rajapalayam (PO),
Gangavalli (TK), Salem (DT) TN- 636116
Mobile:  +91 9008151634
                +91 7760333534       	                                                                 	           
DOB: 28/May/1993
Email: amuthapvt@gmail.com

Summary	

Software Engineer with 3.1 years of experience in Oracle, PL/SQL, Oracle Reports, Forms. Dedicated to professional growth by constantly upgrading skills, knowledge and participating in training opportunities. Team player and highly motivated individual with excellent problem solving skills, good communication and willingness to do all actions necessary to get the job done.

Skill Set

	Languages
	SQL, PL/SQL, Oracle 

	Database
	Oracle 11g ,10g ,9i, SQL Server 2008R2

	Application-Servers
	Oracle 10gAs

	Development Tools
	SQL Developer, Toad

	Reporting  Tools
	Oracle Reports Developer, OTRS, Jasper soft and Jasper server



Professional Experience

Organization: WIPRO INFO TECH, Kochi                                                                            Jan 2016 - Present
Designation:  PL SQL Developer

Client       			: Mahindra and Mahindra Limited 
Environment                                : Oracle 11g DB, Java, Oracle 11g AS, LINUX 

Dealer Management System:   To develop a web enabled solution using existing Wipro Framework which will standardize and automate M&M Dealer Operations on following areas.
The Dealer Management System is a system in place at the client’s dealer offices and manage their day to day business in an effective way.

Responsibilities 
· While implementing GST, I have desinged all the reports and forms in my project using Oracle report builder and forms builder.
· Thoroughly understand the Requirements and Design.
· Develop detailed design.
· Coding as well as bug fixing through Debug.
· Developing reusable DB components such as packages, procedures, composite types, etc. using PL/SQL.
· Extensively created number of packages, stored procedures and functions, triggers as per requirement.
· Debugging the program flow in Toad in back end and find out the process details.
· Preparing Unit Test case, Explain plan, and Release note.
· Whenever new enhancement is moved into UAT area checking the existing functionality/performance Issues by using AWR.
· AWR report generation and analysis for the optimization of CPU resources and also part of the team responsible for tuning of queries and optimization of databases.

Organization: CMC (Merged with TCS), Bangalore                                                            Aug 2014- Oct 2015
Designation:  PL SQL Developer 

Client       			: Center for E-Governance
Software Platform		: SQL Server 2008R2, 2012

HRMS (Human Resource Management Systems) is a web applications for all government employee in Karnataka state to enroll their personal, payroll, bank and exam details etc., all government employee data’s migrated from old HRMS and managed all data’s under one database. 

Client       			: KSRTC
Software Platform                         : SQL Server 2008R2, 2012, OTRS, Jasper Soft, Jasper Server, SAP   
                                                            Business Object XI

KSRTC (Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation) is a web applications for maintaining status of the bus, bus route map and providing solutions to make inactive buses to active. 

Responsibilities:

· Extensively created number of packages, stored procedures and functions, triggers as per requirement.
· Generate reports through Jasper Soft and Jasper Server(Reporting Tool)
· Data migration from old database to new database.
· Developing the change requests (enhancements) for the existing application as per customer requirement by using PLSQL
· Understanding the flow in Pseudo Code format.
· Use best practices and coding standards by implementing Normalization in Table design
· Worked in Error handling and tracking, by handling the exceptions and inserting the errors into log tables
· Developed GUI using HTML and JavaScript.
· Conduct system wide requirement analysis and code review with each CR
· Providing technical support and defect fixes during system integration testing and UAT
· Involved in production applications support to clients & end-users, day-to-day support tasks like Issue resolving usage
· Preparing Unit Test Plan, Release note
· Debugging the program flow in Toad in back end and find out the process details
· Preparing the Health Check queries for every Bug
· First simulate the bug issue in UAT area and explain the root cause to customer with RCA and provide the temp fix for total affected cases.


Academic Qualification

	University
	Course
	Year of Pass
	Percentage

	Bharathiyar Institute of engineering for women, Deviyakurichi
	
B.E (ECE)
	
2014
	
72

	Father Rover Higher     Secondary School
	
HSE
	
2010
	
72

	Amala Girls Higher Secondary School
	
SSLC
	
2008
	
80



Personal Details:

Name					:  Amutha G	
Father’s name				:  Gopalsamy G
Date of Birth				:  28-05-1993
Gender					:  Female
Marital Status				:  Single
Languages Known			:  English, Tamil and Telugu, Beginner in Malayalam.  

Declaration
               I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.	

			
Place:	Kochi, India						
Date:								                    		AMUTHA G


Sensitivity: Internal & Restricted

