














































 

 

 

 

AMRUTH KRISHNAN 
 

Email:- 

amruthkrishnan111213@gmail.com 

Phone:- +919656431179 

 

 

Permanent address: 

 

Sivapriya(H) 

Vadakara(P.O) 

Thalayolaparambu 

Kottayam 

Kerala 

Pin:686605 

 

Personal Data 

 

Date of Birth    : 26-09-1991 

Sex                   : Male 

Nationality       : Indian 

Marital Status   : Single 

Mother Tongue : Malayalam 

 

Languages Known 

 

Can Speak         : English 

                            Malayalam        

                            Tamil 

Can Read          : English 

                            Malayalam 

                            Hindi  

Objective 

               

          To be a part of an organization where I can fully utilize my 

skills and make a significant contribution to the success of the 

employer and at the same time my individual growth. 

 

  Professional Summary 

 Having 2 Year‘s of experience in developing Applications 

using  Java Technology. 

 Experience in Core Java, Servlets,JSP,Spring,Hibernate, 

JavaScript,HTML. 

 Good Knowledge in Oracle DataBase. 
 

Technical Qualification 

 

Operating Systems :   Windows XP, Windows 7, Windows 8 

Languages               :   Core JAVA, C++,C 

Technologies     :  Java,J2EE( JSP,Spring,Hibernate,Servlet) 

Web Development  :   HTML,JavaScript 

Web Server             :   Tomcat, Jboss, Glass Fish 

Editor and IDE   :  NetBeans,Eclipse,Oracle Sql Developer 

Database                 :   SQL Server, Derby,Oracle 

 

 

Personal Strengths 

 

 Willingness to learn new things. 

 Flexible team player and also have ability to work 

independently. 

 Self confident, Hard working, Committed and Dedicated. 

 

 



 

 

 

 

Achievements 

 Course Certification In Java from Think Force Institute Ernakulam. 

 Held merit positions in Athletics in school level as well as in college. 

Interest and Hobbies 

 

 Playing Cricket 

 Playing Football 

 Watching Movies 
 

Professional Experience 

  

 Working as Java Developer at Telious Technologies Pvt Ltd, from November 2015 to Till 

Date. 

 

Projects Summary 

 

  1.     Project: E-Adamas 

          Client: K.P Sangvi Group,Hong Kong 

          Technologies Used: Core Java,JSP,JavaScript,Oracle,Servlet,JSON 

          Role: Team member 

          Tools: Eclipse  

          Description: 
                               E-adamas is software for On-line Inventory and Account Management application  

           of diamond trading company. Diamonds of different quality names, sizes, shapes and colors are 

           the stock in the system. The modules like Sale, Purchase, Sale Return, Purchase Return  

           and Quality Mixing are recorded in the stock flow and Memos are not consignment. Report  

           module provides the facility of generating Stock, Party Analysis, Ledger and Outstanding report. 

          The Administer module is for creating Company, Branch, Location, Financial Year, setting the 

          user rights and customizing the user controls on each module. 

 

          Responsibilities: 

 Developing software modules as per the Specification. 

 Maintaining software based on Requirements. 

 

 



 

 

 

 

Academic Qualification  

 

Declaration 

 

I hereby declare that the above-furnished details are true to the best of my knowledge. 

 

Place: Vadakara 

Date:       AMRUTH KRISHNAN  

2.       Project: Online Stock(E-Stock) 

          Client: KPS Sangvi Group(Online) 

          Technologies Used: Spring,Hibernate,JavaScript,Sql Server,JSF 

          Role: Team member 

          Tools: Eclipse  

          Description: 
                               Online Stock(E-Stock) is a Web Application to handle Certified Stones. 

          Customers,Salesman’s and Adim are the user’s in the Application.Valid Salesman’s  

          Can add Quotations to Customers.In quotations give Offers,add promotion to stones 

          and so on.Customers can Accept the offers and customers need any special benefits, 

          please request for them.Salesman is ready for it,they accept otherwise reject the request. 

          Admin can have all the rights and whole application control.Adim is the Controller 

         of the Application 

 

          Responsibilities: 

 Developing software modules as per the Specification. 

 Maintaining software based on Requirements 
 

COURSES NAME OF INSTITUTION PERCENTAGE DURATION 

MCA SNGCE College, Kadayirippu 68 2012-2015 

BCA 

 

   Swamy Saswathikananda 

College, Poothotta 

52 2009-2012 

Plus Two 

 

St.Ignatius HSS, Kanjiramattom 62 2007-2009 

SSLC V H S S Brahmamangalam 84 2006-2007 


