














































CURRICULUM VITAE



Name: Kanchan Manohar Gajbhiye				
Address: 203 Abhilash Society, Plot No. 25, Sector 17, Koapr Khairne, Navi Mumbai.
Mobile No: +91-9819389533
E-Mail: kanchangajbhiye2@gmail.com
Objective	
To seek career growth in a reputed Organization, by maintaining focus on achieving bottom-line while grasping and formulating advanced technology and IT solutions to meet diverse needs of the industry.
PROFESSIONAL SUMMERY	


· Industry experience in the area of software testing(Manual and Automation) with a solid understanding of test plan, test design, test execution and defect report.

· Experience in designing and executing Test cases, Test Scripts based on requirements and specification.

· Proficient in the test automation using Selenium Tool.

· Strong Experience in Automation Web Application Testing using selenium Web Driver, Data Driven Framework and TestNG.

· Strong Experience in core Java programming, Selenium Web Driver and TestNG.

· Well versed with handling Elements in Selenium Web Driver.

· Writing Test case using Element locator, Web Driver methods, core Java programming features and TestNG annotations.

· Executing Selenium Test cases and Reporting Defects.

· Experience in Data Driven testing, cross browser testing and parallel test execution using Selenium Web Driver,TestNG.

· Strong Experience in Insurance Domain.

· Capable of quickly learning and delivering solutions as an individual and as part of a team.

· Good analytical, problem solving skills, ability to meet deadlines, and work on multiple projects.
· Ability to set goals and meet deadlines and to work well with all level of Management.
CERTIFICATION 

Automation Testing(Selenium) from St. Angelo’s, Mumbai.



TECHNICAL SKILLS

Methods		: Functional Testing, Regression Testing
Bug Tracking Tools		: Bugzilla 4.0   
Test Management Tools   	: Selenium
Browsers                                         : Fire Fox, Internet Explorer versions, Google Chrome.
Operating Systems		: Windows 7,Windows 8, Unix
Programming Languages	: Core Java
Database			: MySQL 5.0               
Other Tools 		   	: MS-Office Suite, Eclipse.


SCHOLASTICS

· Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science with 63.21% from P.R. Pote college of Engineering, Amravati(2015).
· Diploma in Computer Engineering with 70.84% from N.P.T.N college Achalpur(2012).
· HSC with 47.83% from Subodh High School Achalpur(2009).
· SSC with 68.46% from Subodh High School Achalpur(2007).

PRPFESSIONAL EXPERIANCE

Working as a Software Test Engineer with Clover Infotech, Mumbai from 24th Feb 2016 to till date.
PROJECTS

Project 1:  PMFBY (Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana)

Project Type: Web Based 

Client Name:  ICICI Lombard Insurance Co.Ltd.

Technology: .Net core and Java
Testing Approach: Manual and Automation

Role: Tester
Tool Used: Selenium Webdriver, TestNG.

Team size : 4

Duration:  24th Feb 2016 to March 2017

Description: PMFBY (Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana)  application is developed for farmers to purchase policy for crop. This application is synch with Bank in respected District and State. This application has different logins like Bank Login, BSG login, and User Login. This application creates interactions for farmers for the policy renewal ,Policy Endorsement and Policy Cancellation.


Project 2:  UCV(Unified Customer View)

Synopsis: This Application is work as Mediator between Well known Insurance project called 'PathFinder' and Customer.

Project Type: Web Based 

Client Name:  ICICI Lombard Insurance Co.Ltd.

Technology: .Net core 

Testing Approach: Manual and Automation

Role: Tester

Tool Used: Selenium Webdriver, TestNG.

Team size :4
Duration: 24th March 2017 to till date.

Description:  UCV(Unified Customer View) application is developed for customer for request and complaint against their policy. This application is mediator between the Pathfinder application and call centre. All communications between customer and ICICI Lombard is done with the help of Interactions which are track in UCV. This application mainly focus to maintain the track on customer policis.





I hereby declare that information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.
                     
								                
      Kanchan Gajbhiye

		

