

























 

Ramesh B  
 

 E-mail​ : ​rameshb707@gmail.com      ​Contact : ​+91-8951794257 
        +91-8951249617 

 
 ​WORK SUMMARY :  
 

● Professional experience of 3.5+ years of experience as a software developer in which 2+ years 
as iOS developer in designing and developing  mobile application .  

● Methodology development experience utilizing Agile/SCRUM and Waterfall  
● Implemented MVVM and VIPER design architecture. 
● Used  Core location to enhance user to find nearest store locations and to update user’s location. 
● Experience with design and verification using UI testing and Unit testing with XCTest  
● Followed TDD approach implemented with pre and post scenarios. 
● Exposure to parsing JSON, XML, PLIST  
● Worked with local storage such as Core Data, NSFileManager and NSUserDefaults  
● Worked with class communication through Protocols and Delegates, NSNotificationCenter, and, 

KVC and KVO  
● Skillful at using both Storyboard and Interface Builder, especially very familiar with  Auto Layout.  
● Worked with reputed clients like Rufus Leonard, Network18 ,McDonalds and Yash Raj Films. 
● Experience in customer interaction, requirement collection, Design development and deployment. 

 
 
TECHNICAL​ ​SKILLS : 

  
● Programming/Scripting Languages​: C, Objective-C and Swift(2.2, 2.3, and 3.0) 
● Web Services:​ REST, JSON, PLIST 
● Operating Systems​: Windows,, Mac OS X, iOS and Android 
● Database technologies: ​Core Data, Realm 
● IDE’s Used: ​Xcode 8 
● Tools:​ Jenkins,​ Interface Builder, Instruments - Allocations, Leaks , Cocoa Pods.​. 
● Version Control Tools:​ Git, SVN, Bitbucket 
● Frameworks:​ ​Cocoa Touch, Core Location, UIKit, Core Graphics.  
● Methodologies:​ Agile/ SCRUM, Waterfall 

 
 
 
WORK EXPERIENCE : 

 
● Worked as a ​Software Engineer ​for ​Robosoft Technologies​, Udupi since January 2014 to till 

date. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

mailto:rameshb707@gmail.com


 

EDUCATION QUALIFICATION : 
 

● Bachelor of Engineering               :  8.54 (CGPA)  
● 12th (Pre-university Education)    : 78.8% 
● 10th (SSLC)                                  : 84.8% 

 
 
PROJECTS : 
 

1.  ​Client  : McDonald's.  
Role: iOS SDK Developer 

  
Project Description: 
 
McDonald’s is a app for iPhone, which experience weekly deals on tasty food and McCafe coffee and 
also helps you to find nearby McDonald’s restaurants. Mobile ordering will also be available in select 
market This app is available in US, China, and 16 other countries. 
 
Basically this app consumes MCD SDK framework in order to get respective module and SDK 
communicates with web service and provides the necessary information. 
● Modules: Order, Nutrition, Deals, Payment, Baskets, Accounts(Registration and login), User 

Profile, Location, Configuration. 
● Worked on Base code which helps all module to make their network operations 
● Used NSURLSession for network calls 
● Used Realm framework to store in Database  
● T​est Driven Development for Unit Test using XCT Framework. 
 
Responsibilities​:  
Worked on 
1) Location 

● Detecting user Current location  
● Updating the user’s location 
● Setting location accuracy based on requirement  

2) Persistance 
● Adding, deleting and updating  
● Asynchronous storing  
● Clearing the DB 

3) Migaration 
● Realm Migration when the model objects are updated. 

4) Registration & Login 
● Traditional (Email and Password) 
● Facebook 
● Google 

       App link: ​https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/mcdonalds/id922103212?mt=8 
 
 
 

 



 

2. ​Client : Network18 Media & investments ltd.  
Role: iOS Developer 
  
Project Description: 

 
in.com is a news app for iPhone, which shows you the live update of politics, movies, shares and etc. 
And also allows user to upload the news and download any particular news. 
● This app is used to watch the news in English, Hindi and other Indian languages. 
● The news can be watched Online, by streaming, or can be saved to watch them offline. 
● Customized UIAlertView and UITableView to build the user interface of the app. 
● Designed app for all types of screen sizes and orientations and tested on all devices.  
● Worked on writing unit test cases to validate the functionalities of the app.  
● Used Realm mobile database to cache the response. 
● Preparation of Unit test plans and System test plans for various functionalities. 

 
Responsibilities​:  
● Implementation of video player using AVFoundation framework 
● Implementation search and comment feature 
● Implementation of custom download manager library for offline feature. 
● Cropping the video which is used to upload. 
● Worked closely in chromecast integration for the app. 
● Test Driven Development for Unit Test and UITesting using XCT Framework. 

 
 

3. ​Client : Rufus Leonard, United kingdom  
Role: iOS Developer 
  
Project Description: 
 
the ShareCenter is a app which gives support, guidance and information for the people to make 
investing easy. The app provides information on the top risers and fallers int market and expert 
analysts, share tips and fund recommendations.  
● Research shares and funds (performance, prices, our/broker views, news and more) 
● View the analysts, share tips and fund recommendations. 
● Main indices’ performance charts (incl. FTSE 100) 
● Top risers and fallers 

  
Responsibilities​:  
● Worked on UI Gesture Recognizers to simulate carousel effect during navigation between view 

Controllers.  
● Parsed JSON responses using NSJSONSerialization.  
● Worked with offline storage, threading, and performance tuning.  
● Data persistence handled via a REALM 
● Performed testing with XCTest FrameWork 
● GIT repository was used for version control and Source Tree was used to commit to repository. 

App link: 
https://itunes.apple.com/gb/app/the-share-centre-investments/id1110686820?mt=8 

 

https://itunes.apple.com/gb/app/the-share-centre-investments/id1110686820?mt=8


 

4. ​Client : ITC  
Role: iOS Developer 
  
Project Description: 
 
ITC Iris is designed for disseminating content related to ITC Limited's Brands and Businesses. 

 
Responsibilities​:  
● Worked on UI Gesture Recognizers to simulate carousel effect during navigation between view 

Controllers.  
● Worked with offline storage, threading, and performance tuning.  
● Implementation of video player using AVFoundation framework 
● Performed testing with XCTest FrameWork 

App link: ​https://itunes.apple.com/in/app/itc-iris/id1196171013?mt=8 
 
 
 
DECLARATION : 
 
         ​i hereby declare that the above written are true to the best of my knowledge and belief 
 

 
 

 


