














































experience resume


PRASHANT BHALLA 
Prashant.bhalla1@gmail.com  

 (+91) 8669038578 

 

I intend to be a Software Developer in an organization where I can utilize my utmost potentials and skills and 

bring in laurels for my company and develop myself. 

 

 1.9 years of work experience in design, development and maintaining software applications using .Net 
technologies. 

 Expertise in .Net technologies (C#, ASP.Net, ADO.Net)and SQL. Good working knowledge on Application 
development and maintenance life cycle process. 

 Having proficient knowledge in SDLC and Agile methodology 
 Built responsive Real World Website with JavaScript, HTML5 and CSS3. 

 Excellent troubleshooting techniques.  

 Polished and professional communication and collaborative abilities. 

 
 

TECHNICAL BACKGROUND 

Programming 
Languages/Technologies: 

 
C#, ASP.Net, Java Script, HTML, CSS, and JSON 

Database & Tools: SQL Server 2008, Visual Studio 2010 

Unit Testing Tools N-Unit testing and code coverage using JetBrains . 
 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

 

Senior Software Engineer          Capgemini India Pvt Ltd Feb 2016-Dec 

2016 

 

 

 

Project 1:  Wealth Management 

 

 Client: Moran Stanley  

 Duration: Apr’16 to Dec’16 

 Environment: C# , ASP.Net , Web API , JSON        

 Tools: Visual Studio, Git Repository, JIRA, Teamcity 

 Database: SQL Server 2014 

 

 

 

 
   



Description:  
It provides consistent and consolidated view of business information landscape. Deliver web 
service as reusable assets that facilitate ease of adoption and time to market for new product 
and functionality. Support end user for interactive and composite applications through 
programmatic access to services, events and process. 

Responsibilities 

 Develop and document design, logical and physical data models , source base and architecture. 

 Maintain and manage existing source bases. 

 Design , develop and implement solutions to user’s need and requirement. 

 Coding and fix bugs in the development as per the functional design document. 

 Created Unit Test Cases and Tested based on the Unit Test Cases 
 
Project 2: Wise Managed Services   

 

 Client: Morgan Stanley 

 Duration: Currently working 

 Environment: C# , ASP.Net, ADO.Net.        

 Tools: Visual Studio, Git Repository. 

 Database: SQL Server 2014 

 
Description:  
Working on the enhancement and providing development for an application. Opsconsole        
application is an intuitive and user friendly designed to effectively facilitates the granting the 
permission to the user to join any firm wide group. It standardizes the communication process 
and recording of daily activities. 

 

Responsibilities: 

 Involved in developing UI design, Coding and fix bugs in the development as per the functional 
design document. 

 Requirement gathering analysis, solution framing, and creating impact analysis. 

 Developed and used ADO.Net objects for handling database activities 

 Developed SQL stored procedures for data manipulation and querying data using SQL Server 

 Created Unit Test Cases and Tested based on the Unit Test Cases. 

 
Achievements/ Positions of Responsibility  

 Completed Summer Training in ASP.Net from NIIT, Delhi . 
 Volunteered as an active member in the organizing team of Enigma’15, a national level techno-

management festival. 



Education / Training 

 Uttar Pradesh Technical University, Allahabad , Uttar Pradesh , India , Bachelor of Technology, 
2015 

 CBSE , Tagore Public School , Allahabad , Uttar Pradesh , India , SSC , 2011 

 CBSE , Tagore Public School , Allahabad , Uttar Pradesh , India , HSC , 2009 
 

Personal Information 

 

Name: Prashant Bhalla 

Address : B-152/6 , Patel Nagar , Gurgaon, Haryana 

Contact No. : +91-8669038578 

Email Id: prashant.bhalla1@gmail.com 

LinkedIn Profile : https://www.linkedin.com/in/prashant-bhalla-98bb7ba5/ 

 

mailto:prashant.it.15@gmail.com

	Technical Background
	Education / Training
	Personal Information

