
















































MEGHA ROY 						
Contact Details:	+91-8698744754/ +91-7828442258
E-mail:		roy.megha157@gmail.com


SUMMARY
I am currently associated with Cognizant Technology Solution for the last 2 Years as a Programmer Analyst. I have an experience in Analysis, Design and Development and Enhancement of application software. As part of the assignments, I have been engaged in Database Development activities and Production activities such as Batch Job Monitoring, Analyzing Issues and Giving Fix, Scheduling and maintenance of UNIX and FTP Jobs.

My responsibilities include :
1. Design stable, reliable and effective databases
2. Modify databases according to requests and perform tests
3. Solve database usage issues and malfunctions
4. Gather user requirements and identify new features
5. Research and suggest new database products, services and protocols

ACADEMIC PROFILE

	     DEGREE
	UNIV./BOARD
	COLLEGE/SCHOOL
	 RESULT
	YEAR

	MCA
	NIT
	NIT Raipur
	74%
	2012-2015

	BCA
	WBUT
	NSHM KOLKATA
	8.45 CPI
	2009-2012

	HSC
	C.B.S.E
	A.G.CHURCH SCHOOL, Purulia
	81%
	2008

	SSC
	C.B.S.E
	A.G.CHURCH SCHOOL, Purulia
	 83.5%
	2006



SOFTWARE SKILLS
Role:  			Database Developer
Operating System: 	Windows Family, Unix
Tools:			Informatica, SQL, PL/SQL, Putty, Oracle
Domain:		Insurance

CERTIFICATIONS
1. General Insurance
1. Data warehousing Testing

Project 1:	Retail Management
Period:	Jan 2015 – Feb 2015
Project Description:	Retail is the process of selling consumer goods and/or services to customers through multiple channels of distribution to earn a profit. To manage and predict the particular sales detail on the various aspect of a business could be decided by using a data which is collected over a period of a time. This project is all about creation as well as management of a dataware house from particular sales chain across country. It includes standard way of storing data and using it for the analysis to increase growth of the business.
My Role:	Developer, Tester
•	design a data warehouse to manage the activities like finding the yearly sales           revenue, sales customer and sales region.
•	To find the most loyal customers.
•	Report of the branch which is giving high profit.
Database: 	Informatica

Project 2:	TRAV_EIM_INTL_CAN
Period:	APR 2015 – JULY 2015
Project Description:	Managing all TRAVELERS account holder’s information.
· System and Integration Testing
· Problem Detection
Database: 	Oracle, PL/SQL

Project 3:	CCC BI Support
Period:	Aug 2015 – Till Date
Project Description:	Certified Collateral Corporation is the leading service provider to                       automotive claims industry in US. Whenever an accident happens the insured person contacts the insurance company, the insurance company contacts CCC. The CCC contacts with the appraisers registered with CCC. The appraiser calculates the estimate and send it back to CCC. CCC in return sends the estimate to the insurance company.
CCC uses two software:
i) Pathways: a Collision Estimating Software
ii) Autoverse: it is web system to process claims.

My Role:	Developer


· Design stable, reliable and effective databases
· Perform unit testing for the same
· Perform functional enhancement activities for various Production issues/fixes 
Database: 	Oracle, PL/SQL

PERSONAL DETAILS
Present Location:	Chennai
Date of Birth:		15th August 1989
Permanent Address:	Reny Road, Purulia (West Bengal),India
Languages Known: 	English, Hindi, Bengali
Hobbies: 		Classical Dance, Reading Books


I declare that the information provided here are true to best of my knowledge.


Megha Roy
Signature
