





































                                                        ATHIRA.M 
 
 
 

. 

PERSONALPROFILE:  

Email   :aathiathira1@gmail.com 
 

Phone: +9809278106 
 

Address: TC 23/942(2), 

SreeGeetham,  

Kaviljunction,  

Valiasala, Tvpm-36 

 
DOB:25-06-1994 

 

Father’s Name: Muthuswamy.A  

Mother’s Name: Geetha.K.R 

 

Personality Traits: 

 Active 

 Self motivated  

 Team player 

 Confident 

 Focused  

 Flexibility    

 Optimistic 
 

 

Languages Known: 
 English 

 Tamil 

 Malayalam 

 Hindi 

 

 

 

Career Objective: 

 
To be associated with a reputed organization where I can use my 

work experience, technical skills, problem solving skills and 

communication skills for the upliftment of the company and 

Personal growth. 

 

Experience: 

ADHOC TECHNOLOGIES PVT LTD  

Software development Trainee       May-2016 to Till date 

 

 Current assignment with ADHOC Technologies Private 
Limited as Software development trainee. 

 Hands on experience in web designing using CSS. 

 Excellent team player with problem solving and 
troubleshooting skills and mentoring team members. 

Project Details: 

                          Vigilance System (Student project) 

 Currently working on Vigilance System using java and 

j2ee. 

 In this project, we design a secure anti-collusion data 

sharing scheme for dynamic groups in the cloud. In our 

scheme, the users can securely obtain their private keys 

from group manager certificate Authorities and secure 

communication channels. 

 Implemented UI design using HTML and CSS. 

 Designed and built signup and login pages using HTML 

and JavaScript and user information stored in the cloud. 

Technologies used: 

Html,JavaScript,CSS. 

 

Professional Training: 

 Undergoing validation in JavaScript from Hacker Rank. 

 

Technical Skills: 

 

C, Java, Java Script, Polymer, Angular JS, Html, My SQL, Web 

designing, CSS. 

Operating systems:  

Windows 7, Windows 10, LINUX. 

 

 

 

mailto:divyakshilpa@gmail.com


 

Academic Profile: 

 

 B.E Electronics and Communication Engineering 
             Maria college of Engineering and Technology. 

             Anna university, Chennai. 

CGPA:7.16                           July2011 - April2015 

 

 HigherSecondary Education 

Cotton Hill Govt GirlsH.S.S, Trivandrum. 

Percentage: 78                       June2010 - May2011 

 

 Secondary School Leaving Certificate               
GovtTamil Higher secondaryschool,Chalai. 

                Percentage: 85                      June 2009 -March 2010 

 
 
Achievements: 
 

 Education Excellency award in SSLC. 
 Wonprizesforvariousotherartsand sports competitions. 
 Participated in Inter college paper presentation. 

 

AcademicProject: 
 

HAND TALK ASSISTIVE TECHNOLOGY FOR DUMB 

 

The project aims to facilitate people by means of a glove based communication interpreter system. The 

glove is internally equipped with five flex sensors. For each specific gesture, the flex sensor produces a 

proportional change in resistance. The output from the sensor is analog values it is converted to digital. The 

processing of these hand gestures is in Arduino Duemilanove Board which is an advance version of the 

microcontroller. It compares the input signal with predefined voltage levels stored in memory. 

                                                             An android phone is used to get the corresponding audio play back 

with the user’s gestures. Those resistance values are fed to the microcontroller ATMEGA8. After processing 

the output of the microcontroller are given to the Bluetooth module HC-05. Hence the data is manipulated 

and the voice playback is produced as out from the android phone. 
 

Trivandrum                                                                                                                            ATHIRA.M 

  04-09-2017 


