













































CURRICULUM VITAE


                                                                                                                                    
 
                                                                                                                                     G.M. CHANDRA SEKAR 
                                                                                                                                     Mobile:  9176163175/9206977582 
                                                                                                                                     E-Mail: 83sekar.chandra@gmail.com 

 
Business-minded data scientist with a demonstrated ability to deliver valuable insights via data analytics and 
advanced data-driven methods.Work closely with clients to identify and solve business challenges utilizing large 
structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data in a distributed processing environment. 

 

Work Experience:  
 
Working as Lead – Data Analytics & Implementation with Omnicom Media Group (Dec 2016 – present)  

 
Worked as a Group Head – Data Analytics & Implementation with Omnicom Media Group (May 2013 – 
Nov2016)  

Worked as a Manager –Digital Implementation with Leisure & Lifestyle Information Services (May 2011 –   

         May 2013)                                                         

Worked as a Senior Digital Marketing Executive with Hungama Digital Media Pvt Ltd (Dec 2008 - May 2011)  

Worked as an Operations Executive with Cybernet Slash Support (Dec 2006 – Dec 2008) 

 

 
Technical Expertise: 

 Machine Learning Algorithms – Regression,Random Forest, Naïve 
Bayes,Support Vector Machine,Time Series & Neural Networks                                      

 Natural Language Processing 
 Decision Analytics 
 Data Mining 
 Data-Driven Personalization 
 KPI Dashboards  

                 

 

 
Projects Worked: 
1) Customer churn and Retention Modelling: 
 
First, a classification method estimates the propensity of each customer to churn, such that a ranking of customers 
can be established based on their estimated churn probability subsequently, a fraction of customers, starting from 
the top of the ranking, is selected as target group for the retention incentive 
 
Variables Used : Policy type,Membership tenure,Product type,  Method of payment,Saleschannel, Premium, 
Member’s  Age, ethnicity, gender, and marital status.  Number of adults, children in household.  Dwelling type and 
length of residence.  Hobbies, travel and sport/leisure preferences, and limited credit indicators,Allowed, paid, 
deductible, copay, and coinsurance amount.  Location of service.  In/Out of network indicator, Monthly counts by 
contact mode and content.  Average inquiry resolution times. 
 
Programming Environment : Python  
 
Models Used : Random Forest, Support Vector Machines,Naïve Bayes ,Logistic Regression 
 
 
Model Training: We first partition data into 70% for training and 30% for validation using stratified sampling on the 
target variable.Machine learning models are run over the training data and validation set and highest gains were 
noticed in Logistic regression at a probability of 0.4 instead of base level 0.5. 
 



Model Validation: The Precision and Recall were measured and ROC curve generated from validation dataset were 
used to assess the model performance. 
 
Retention Strategy: Renewal Probability is calculated and based on renewal probability churn score is predicted. 
The customers are ranked into four categories and the incentives/loyalty programs are run. 
Customers are then classified to Low value & Low risk,Low value & High risk,High value & High risk and High value & 
Low risk. 
These incentives take multiple forms, such as special offers, discounts, personalized (e-) mailing etc. 
 
2) Fraud detection:  
 
Frauds committed by a Policyholder could consist of members that are not eligible, concealment of age, 
concealment of pre-existing diseases, failure to report any vital information, providing false information regarding 
self or any other family member, failure in disclosing previously settled or rejected claims, frauds in physician’s 
prescriptions, false documents, false bills, exaggerated claims 
 
Variables Used : 
Hospital details - Type of Hospital, Ranking of Hospital, Number of days in a hospital,total cost, composition of total 
cost across bed charge, medicine, care, diagnosis, treatment, operation and lab test), disease type,doctor 
name,number of surgeries 
Healthcare policy details – insurance id,insurance product name,helath id card,disease type,coverage type, renew 
status, claim duration, file duration and previous claim frequency etc, 
Customer details - sex, age, occupation, marital status, and income(derived variables – child,elder,adult) 
 
Programming Environment : Python & R 
 
Models Used : Random Forest,Decision Tree and Logistic Regression 
 
 
Current Roles & Responsibilities: 
 

 Develop machine learning,data mining and algorithms to create new,scalable solutions for business problems by 
analyzing structured and unstructured data. 

 Identified, measured and recommended improvement strategies for KPIs across all business areas. 
 Performing statistical and exploratory analysis using Python & R. 

 Leading tasks which involve the use advanced modelling and statistical techniques - regression, dimensionality 
reduction techniques and Ensemble Models to provide actionable results, support new & existing products & 
platforms, and to influence business decisions. 

 Sentiment Analysis: Perform sentiment analysis by mining unstructured data from Social and e-commerce 
websites to understand consumer perception towards the product/brand. Developed the platform with word 
cloud, world map using various data visualization libraries, text mining, NLP and sentiment analysis. 

 Marketing Analytics: Develop Indices reflecting efficacy of Ad Campaigns launched by marketing team - Find out 
important features which impact Ad efficacy and deriving strengths and weaknesses for each specific Ad 
launched.  

 Cluster Analysis & Segmentation - Used Clustering techniques to understand different market segments and find 
the target group of likely buyers who would be interested in the product. 

 Maintaining the health of the data architecture by closely monitoring, debugging and improving the  

 Design experiments for A/B testing and define best practices and design diagnostics to monitor performance for 
online experiments. 

 Communicate the insights using effective visualization techniques and make appropriate recommendations or 
call to action. 

 Exceptional analytical skills and strong problem solving skills. 
 

Academic Details: 



2004, B.E. (Electrical and Electronics) from Sri Venkateshwara College of Engg. And Technology, Madras University, 
Tamil Nadu, India 

 

Personal Details: 

Date of Birth  : 26/11/1983 

Languages Known : English, Hindi, Tamil & Telugu 

Address   :  Bangalore - 560034 


