
































 

RESUME: ABHILASH B M 1 of 2 

 

 

Abhilash B M 
Email  :  abhilashbm01@gmail.com 

Phone: (+91) 9538285809 

               (+91) 8660674761 Software Developer | Engineer 

 
Understanding customer requirement, developed the code as per the requirement, involved in developing the JSF / HTML / Prime 

faces pages, handling different types of issues, functional testing and bug fixing. 
 

 

MarvelSoft http://www.marvelsoft.co.in/ Bangalore 

Role: Software Developer July2015 – Till date 
Started its operation in the year 2009 as a product based company and masters 7 software products with the expertise in building 

administration products for schools and colleges, payroll products for businesses, and billing software for Jewelers 

 2.4 years of  experience in IT Industry, development of Web and Enterprise application using Java and J2EE application 
 To secure a challenging position where I can efficiently contribute my skills as Software Professionals, Processing 

competent Technical skills. 

 Ability to work in a team and independent 
 2.4 years of experience in Java / J2EE, core java,  JPA, HTML5, JSF / Primefaces, Richfaces, Springs, Mysql, Tomcat 6, 7 in 

Linux and Windows. 
 

Project Undertaken in MarvelSoft 

  

A. Project Name: Jewelry Admin (Jewelry Management Software) Jun 2015 to May 2016 

Role: Software Developer Team size: 3 
 

Web based software developed for Jewelry Organization. The project consists of modules such as Sales, Stock Management, 

Customer Management, Scheme Management, Pawn Broking and 15 + reports etc. 
 

Primary Responsibilities: 

 Developing the software based on the requirements 
 Developing the JSF / HTML / Prime faces pages 
 Unit testing and Integration 
 Functional testing and bug fixing. 
 

o Clients that include Mangalore Jewelers (Bangalore), DarlaJewelers (Mysore), Malbappa Jewelers (Gujarat), Swarna Deep 

Jewelers (Tumkur) atc 

  

B. Project Name: Billing Software (BillingAdmin) Jun 2016 to Mar 2017 

Role: Team Member (Software Developer) Team size: 3 
 

The project is being developed for all the retail Organization that integrates all the business processes of billing organization such as 

Textile industry, Wholesale Shop, Hotels. The product suite addresses all the critical business functions such as operations, Sales 

management, Revenue Accounting and Interline billing. 
 

Primary Responsibilities: 

 Developing the software based on the requirements 
 Developing the JSF / HTML / Prime faces pages 
 Handled different types of issues  
 Unit testing and Integration 
 Functional testing and bug fixing 
 

o For 20 + clients that includeOptic World (Bangalore), Aishwarya Fashion (Bangalore), Dheeraj Hotel (Mangalore) etc. 

 

 

 

 

C. Project Name: Payroll Software (Payroll Admin) Apr 2017 to Jul 2017 

Career Brief 

      Professional Experience 

mailto:abhilashbm01@gmail.com
http://www.marvelsoft.co.in/


 

RESUME: ABHILASH B M 2 of 2 

 

Role: Team Member (Software Developer) Team size: 3 
 

The project is being developed for all the Enterprises and Business organization and Industries to manage Attendance and process 

Salary. Payroll Admin is Integrated with Biometric device and also capability to maintain the data of multiple branches or company.  
 

Primary Responsibilities: 

 Developing the software based on the requirements 
 Developing the JSF / HTML / Prime faces pages 
 Handled different types of issues  
 Unit testing and Integration 
 Functional testing and bug fixing 

 

o For 20 + clients that include Barbeque Nation (Multiple Location ), Papa Johns (Multiple Location), H &Z Apparels 

(Bangalore), and Unnati Skill Center (Multiple Location), etc. 

 

 

 

 

D. Project Name: School Software (School Admin) Aug 2017 to Till Date 

Role: Team Member (Software Developer) Team size: 6 
 

This application used to maintain all school activities like maintain student record, fee payment management, library 

management, inventory management, attendance management etc. 

Using this software parent can login and can view assignment, notice board, fee payment details, Student marks card etc. 

 

Responsibilities: 

 Developing the software based on the requirements 
 Developing the JSF / HTML / Prime faces pages 
 Handled different types of issues  
 Unit testing and Integration 
 Functional testing and bug fixing 
 

 
Bachelor of Engineering (CSE) Tumkur (karanataka), India 

Sri Siddhartha University 2015 

Percentage: 8.72 (CGPA) 

 

Class: 12
th

 Chitradurga (karnataka), India 

SKS IND PU College 2011 

Percentage: 75%  

 

Class: 10
th

 Chitradurga (Karnataka), India 

Gov. High School 2009 

Percentage: 72.64%  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 Rewarded for outstanding performance towards achievement of goal and timely delivery of product at current company 
(Marvel Soft) 

 

Co-curricular Achievements 

 Runner Up of Kabbaddi competition at Chitradurga in 2008 
 

 

Education 

Awards 



 

RESUME: ABHILASH B M 3 of 2 

 

 

DOB:                  6
th

  April 1994 

Gender:            Male 

Address:           Acharya College main road, Chikkabanavara, 

Bangalore  

Nationality:       Indian 

Marital Status: Single 

Languages Known:  

Kannada, English, Hindi Telugu and Tamil (Limited 

Understanding) 

 

 

 

Other Details 


