
















































Text-John Edison


# 13, Mannanagar, T.C.Palya Anandapura Bangalore – 560016

johncarol74@yahoo.com

+91-7204851758

John Edison 
Associate General Manager 

A Brief Synopsis

Meticulous and a versatile professional holding rich experience 16+ Years in identifying opportunities resulting into an Enhancement

to Portfolio to yield improved business results. Exhibits excellent organizational and problem-solving skills. Works well in team

environments and displays strong work ethic. Provisen Success in handling multi-countries payroll operations and implementation

of APAC countries and Australia / Middle East. 

Dedicated Operation Manager and effective leader with proven methods and cutting-edge technology to successfully cost cutting,

Streamline operations and increase productivity, assertive with extensive knowledge of process optimization and an unsurpassed

worth ethic. 

Application knowledge HRMIS ( Oracle platform ), SAP HR / Sage EASY PAY / Grey Tip & Key Pay and Internal Payroll application

(Dynamic Pay) 

Broad exposure of legislative pertaining to the payroll for India / Hong Kong / Singapore / Malaysia & Dubai 

Exceptional planning and organizational skills and demonstrated ability to manage multiple priorities in a rapidly changing

environment. Ethical, loyal and maintain a high degree of confidentiality. 

Persuasive communicator with an ability to relate to people at all levels of business and management 

Strong problem-solving, planning, team-building & management skills 

Possess valuable insights, keen analysis and a team approach to implement best practices to achieve business excellence 

Adept at working in high pressure environments with strict deadlines and multiple deliverables 

Career Highlights

Client retention and adding revenue to the company 

Resource utilization 

Expert in process Improvement techniques 

Developed and maintained excellent working relationships with the clients and subordinates 

Effectively and productively analyzed all the tasks undertaken 

Received appreciation from Senior Authorities for excellent and outstanding performance 

Honour Award for outstanding performance 

Associate of the Quarter Award for outstanding performance on the Legislative changes  

Team Efficiency Award for supporting team member in times of critical situation  

At ADP 

Received Outstanding Performance Certificate  

Awarded for Performance / Error Free Output and Team Efficiency  

Recipient of Star Employee of the Year Award  

At Hewit 

Associate General Manager 

ALP Consulting Limited | Bangalore | Jul 2017 – Till date 

Responsible for Global and India Payroll and Statutory / Labour compliance 

Revenue generations and cost analysis 

Managing team across three locations 

Procedure and process Improvement 

Backup process setup and following-up with ISO standard 

Handling client of more than 30 clients with head count of 18000+ payslips 

Regular team meeting and discuss on improvements and clearing of backlogs 

Assisting BD team in new client meeting and converting into revenue generations 

Filling and recruiting right candidate to the job profile 

Retaining of clients 

Regular client meeting and comforting 

Strategic planning  

Product development  and road map to the future enhancement 

Monthly newsletter(changes in Labour laws or legislative(in respect to salary or employees take home). 

Tracking of deliverables and ensures all the outputs are delivered as per SLA 

Red Alert clients are monitored and streamlining. 

Using Negotiation techniques 

Key-Role 

Organisational Scan



Project Manager 

PayAsia Management Pvt Ltd. | Bangalore ( HO in SG) | Oct 2010 – Jul 2017 

Involved Operations and implementation of Australia, Malaysia, SG, HK, PH, India, NZ and Middle East Payroll 

Responsible for deliverables and Issue management 

Monthly MIS and client co-ordination 

Multi-country legislative changes and database management 

Creation and deletion of DB and backing-up for future reference 

Setting controls and procedure and process in-place 

Flexible working time to accommodate to respective country timings 

Interface project testing and coordinating with different technical team across countries. 

Product development testing. 

Part of ISO auditing team and ensure to follow the policy and adhere to BCP plan. 

Analyzing Business Process Reports (BPR) of each client  

Collaborating with the team to ensure the delivers are meeting the client’s requirement 

Preparation of BPR, Dashboard, Business Process Review Documents, and Payroll Process Manual. 

Handling and resolving the Internal and external queries / issues. 

Handover process implementation to Operation team for the new clients and sign off. 

Engaging regular operations and implementation meeting. 

Ensuring all the outputs are delivered in expected time as per agreed schedule i.e., payroll reports, bank files, GL, statutory reports,

and year end activities. 

Coordinating and managing with lodgement partners(third party vendor) for the monthly compliance. 

Liaising and Managing with local payroll vendor for the operations and implementation of Japan and China payroll. 

Coordinating and Managing with local vendor for the testing and validation of the portal setup for pay slip,  e-leave module setup,

and e-claim module setup and migrating all the existing clients to new portal. 

Interviewing candidate / coordinating with SG team for the short list candidate 

Training the new joiners / Appraisals / Performance rating / one on one discussion.   

Key-Role 

Assistant Manager / Consultant - Payroll (MS Global View)  

ADP Private Limited | Apr 2005 – Oct 2010 

Led and managed a team of 8 members for Hong Kong and New Zealand payroll 

Knowledge in India / Singapore & Malaysia payroll transition. 

Ensured compliance of the team with SLA of each client  

Prepared and updated blue print, business process review documents, MIS, Dashboard, payroll process manual, yearend scoping

documents, and yearend activity plan 

Conduting training in SAP HR (fronend user ) for new joinees. 

Acting as co-ordinating in testing and internal and external queries raised with support team. 

User Acceptance testing in end user testing (operation team) / UAT with Support team in issues handling / legislative changes. 

Transition planning and streamling process before giving to the team member. 

Acting as co-ordinator between support team / Client / operation team during issue management. 

Acting as support team between operation team and implementation team.   

Responsible for the preparation of payroll schedules for the coming year 

Provided guidance on the process flow of Managed Service Operations to client during onsite visit 

Prepared internal documentation of the process flow and performance appraisal for the team members 

Handled regular operation calls with the client for process improvement 

Conducted regular team meeting and provided regular legislative updates to the team members 

Follow-up with internal and external clients issues  

Handled the termination process  

Conducted training and brainstorming sessions for new joiners  

Managed year - end activities viz., generating forms, reconciliation statements, and filing the returns 

Key-Role 

Senior Associate - Migration 

HEWITT Outsourcing Services India Ltd. | Feb 2002 – Apr 2005 

Developed new database for allotted new clients of migration 

Interacted with the client regarding the issues/any changes in the process flow 

Conducted helpdesk at clients place towards employees query  

Involved in the documentation of the process flow for new clients  

Attended to customer issues (including employer and employee queries) 

Prepared full and final settlements and reimbursement claims 

Conducted training and brainstorming sessions for new joiners 

Responsible for the preparation of MIS for the month and submitting the same to the client 

Issued Form 16 and Form 24 - Year end activity (Statutory reconciliation)

Key-Role 



Additional responsibility :  

1). First level of issue resolution    

2). Facilitated and provided inputs in developing control 

Executive - Accounts 

Sumeet Auto | Oct 2000 – Feb 2002 

Involved in  

1). Inventory Management 

2). General Accounting    

3). Payroll Processing 

4). Treasury Management 

Key-Role 

Academic Credentials

ICFAI University

Pursuing MBA  

Areas of Expertise

Global and Strategic Sourcing 

Negotiations Expert 

Procedure development 

Process Improvements 

Systems Implementation 

Internal & External Issue handling 

Business Process Reports 

Excellent Client Management

Input Management  

University of Bangalore | 1997 

B. Com 

Uptron ACL/LCC | 1994 

Diploma in Computer System and Management 

SAP End User and UAT Testing 

Upgrade testing in SAP Development phases 

Regular Legislative changes update testing  

Vendor Co-ordinating   

Multi-tasking Ability 

Team Management 

Relationship Management 

Training & Development 

Dynamic & Strategic Planning 

Training

SAP HR payroll 

Presentation and leadership skills 

CBQ trainings  

Cross Culture Awareness & Communication 

Negotiation and Mediation Skills

Expertise

Working Knowledge in MS-Office

Leadership & Management 

Communication 

Problem Solving 

Creative Thinking 

Core Competencies

Presentation and Facilitations Skills 

Effective Email Communication 

Security management 

Project Management 

ISO auditing & SAS70 auditing 

Team Work  

Evaluation 

Career Development  

Personal Development 

Personal Dossier

Gender : Male 

Linguistic Abilities : English

Strengths

Able to Accept challenges in the Work Pressure. 

Self-Organized, Self-Motivated and Self- Confidant. 

Open minded to take challenges and meet higher targets. 

Obey the rules strictly by seniors and using Presence of mind.


