














































Shouvik Sen 
G/3 Awas Niketan near Uliyan Hari mandir, Kadma, Jamshedpur, Jharkhand. 

Home: +91 824-774-1932 | Cell: +91 987-484-9034 

senshouvik@hotmail.com  
Professional Summary  

 

Exceptional operations team leader capable at motivating a team of employees and monitoring all performances carefully. A professional 

with more than 5 years of experience in finance, accounts, and human resources shared services and operations. Prioritizes excellent 

communication abilities to ensure no misunderstanding ever interfere with success. Experienced in analysis, business operations, evaluation 

and decision making.  

 

Core Qualifications  

 

 Strong team-building skills.  

 Able to effectively assess operational inefficiencies.  

 Exceptionally talented at devising appropriate goals.  

 Good knowledge of measurable tasks.  

 Competent at social oral and written communication.  

 Excellent goal tracking and report writing.  

 

Key skill 

 

Accounts receivables| Payroll processing and data management| Payroll finance| Payroll accounting| MIS reporting| Audit and quality 

analysis| Reconciliation of accounting data and bank entries| Strategic planning and implementation| Employee engagement. 

 

Job experience  

 

Analyst  

02/21/2017 (Current employer) 

Sears Holdings India Hyderabad, Telangana  

 

 Identifying operational issues by devising goals and plans to address them.  
 Assigning tasks to individuals and relevant departments.  
 Monitoring progress of each department towards goal attainment, utilizing measurable data in spreadsheet applications.   
 Preparation of daily reports to support the payroll department.  
 Payroll finance activities to support bank funding, tax funding and treasury assistance.  
 Payroll data management for multiple pay groups and subsidy. 
 Being the second in command and assisting the manager. 
 Audits of garnishment processing and funding.  
 Governance calls and monthly business review preparation and presentation.  
 Conducting monthly meetings on discussion of success and failure for the goals and tasks.  
 Audits on payroll processing and taxation lead to 100 percent accuracy and zero fall outs.  
 Organizing employee engagement activities for the employees like fun Friday, sport tournaments and team building activities. 

 

Achievements 

 

 Reduced errors by 25.8 percent in one year through implementation of plans. 
 The reduction in error increased by 69.76 percent in the next fiscal year’s start. 
 Escheatment project assisted in saving 30,000 USD and appreciation received for it. 

 

Senior Executive Finance and Accounts  

09/28/2015 – 02/17/2017  

Cigniti Technologies, Hyderabad, Telangana  

 

 Monitor and administer over 290 customer accounts for company and subsidy.  

 Prepare customer's statements, bills and invoices.  

 Applied knowledge of US GAAP principles and constraints.  

 Research and analyze accounts to resolve billing and account discrepancies.  

 Generate weekly aging reports.  

 Assisted the finance controller and CFO in managing the finance department. 

 Determine payment schedules with customers.  

mailto:senshouvik@hotmail.com


 Client interaction for payments. 

 Prepare accurate monthly billing adjustments.  

 Compile data and prepare monthly reports of account reconciliation and bank reconciliation.  

 Collections of time sheets from consultants.  

 Prepare payroll data on basis of time sheets.  

 Sending data to banks for factoring to assist treasury.  

 Assisting the treasury with accurate reserve status.  

 Organized employee engagement activities for the employees like fun Friday. 

 

Achievements 

 

 Initiated collection metrics to boost collections from 62.05% to 95.21%.  

 Best employee of year 2016. 

 

Process Associate  

03/04/2013 – 09/25/2015  

Tata Consultancy Services, Kolkata, West Bengal  

 

 Prepare customer's statements, bills and invoices. 

 Generate weekly aging reports. 

 Determine payment schedules with customers.  

 Followed up with clients for payments. 

 Journal entries for the processed transactions. 

 Assisting clients on invoice queries.  

 Accounting reconciliation and bank reconciliation.  

 Member of fun SPOC team. 

  

Achievements 

 

 Special initiative award 

 Star performer award  

 

Education 

  

Bachelor’s Degree – Business Management (Passing year: 2012) 

Institute of Professional Studies and Research, Cuttack  

Utkal University, Odisha  

 

Interests  

 

 Travelling. 

 Cooking. 

 

References: Available on request.  

 

Preferred Location: No Preference. 

 

Date: 

         

Sign: 

Shouvik Sen 


