














































Chandrashekhar Jagtiani



Mobile: 98199 41373 



             
email: shekhar_jagtiani@yahoo.com
CAREER GOALS :
Utilise the rich experience gained in various MNC organizations in implementing continuous improvement of HR processes.

Work towards creating a professional environment and move forward by working smart towards company’s goals.

EXPERIENCE :

1.  HR Officer/Process Supervisor-Payroll Governance since 19th November, ♦in Deutsche Bank Group till 10th March 2010
♦ Responsible for overall governance of payroll which included co-ordination with payroll vendor/consultant and payroll operations team in Bangalore office, verification of payroll, signoff and passing the necessary funding/account entries for the same.
♦ Responsible for timely payment of all the statutory payments with support from the online Payroll Consultants.

♦ Responsibility of historical  accounts reconciliation of all payroll account heads by assisting the Chartered Accountant of the Payroll Consultants.
♦ Handling internal and external audits for the Deutsche Bank Group, for entire payroll activities / functions.

♦  Member of the project team that was responsible for payroll migration from ADP to Hewitt & Associates for DBAG Group Payroll.

Achivements: Recipient of 2 awards (local and regional) from Deutsche Bank Senior Management for being the only internal employee in Payroll Governance handling entire DB Group salary/statutory payment on time and ability to manage a critical function single handed; coupled with stepping & playing a team lead’s role in trying circumstances. 
2.  Process Executive since 4th July 2005 with e-Serve International Limited (now CGSL) Mumbai and Executive since 4th January 2006 to 14th November 2007.
♦ Was responsible for payroll input collation and out validation for All India employees (8000+).  
♦ In charge of computation of final settlements of all cases of Resignation / Termination of the staff. 
♦Was initially responsible for HR-operations for the Global Call Centre at Goregaon alongwith 3 team members to support handling employee queries and payroll inputs for around 2000 staff.


3. Team Member since 20th March, 2003 to 1st July 2005 with J P Morgan Services India Pvt.Ltd., Mumbai.

♦ Handled payroll function for Singapore (700 employees) and supported payroll function for Japan (1100 employees) prior to this in J P Morgan, was responsible for transition of Japan Payroll to Mumbai Office along with the Supervisor. General payroll administration and facilitation of payroll processing, accounting functions  and tax matters related to payroll.
♦ Special project co-ordination with HRSD Business Management Team and the Payroll Vendor 

Achievements include 2 awards: Part of the payroll team that received the “Service Star Award” from the Asia Pacific Regional Head for successfully migrating the payroll functions to Mumbai.  Received “Spot Award” from the Head of the Department, for quick grasping of Singapore payroll requirements and openness to new ideas & suggestions.

4.  Process Associate since July 1999 to March 2003 with India’s largest HR Operations Service providing Company in Mumbai – specializing in Employee Payroll / Retiree benefits / Perquisite Management for Multinational and Private Sector Banks.

♦ Worked for e-Serve International Limited - Responsible for overall smooth processing of payroll (3000+)  and reimbursements, providing Daily accounting entries to the Financial Control Department, ensuring timely & accurate Statutory payments like PF, ESIC, Profession Tax, Income Tax, etc. 
· Was also responsible for payroll processing of Temporary/Trainee/Permanent Part Timers of around 300 employees of e-Serve. Payroll was processed on our own software programme.

· Also handled reimbursements for Standard Chartered Bank for 1000 plus employees.  
5.  Management Trainee from Jan 95 - with Thomas Cook India Ltd Foreign 
     Exchange, Mumbai Intl Airport; and as Executive since Jan 96 to July 1998
· Worked in general shift handling Back-Office Job, worked as a Batch-In-Charge in shifts for a few months and was reporting directly to the Senior Manager,  supervising the work of 5-6 staff and MIS which were sent to Head of Forex Operations. 
6.  Audit Assistant from May 92 to Jan 95 with a reputed Chartered Accountant – Mumbai.




♦ Handled projects for Citibank, Bombay Dyeing, etc. involving TDS Reconciliation, Perks etc. in fully computerized environment. 

7.  Accounts Trainee April 90 to June 91 with K. N. Gandhi (Chartered 
Accountants)




 

· Handled Audits Of K. Raheja Hospital, Lokhandwala Builders, Sea Princess, Royal Garden, Etc. Job Involved Vouching, Posting & Balance Sheet.

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS :

DEGREE/UNIV 
YEAR
%
SPECIAL SUBJECTS

B COM/BOM
1993
57.33
Accounts / Computer Systems


H S C/BOM
1989
61.83
Accounts


S S C/BOM
1987          71.28
English, Maths & Science

PERSONAL DETAILS :

NAME
:
Mr. Chandrashekhar Purshottam Jagtiani

ADDRESS
:
89/603 Shubhangan II




A-Wing, Poonam Sagar Complex




Mira Road (East)




Thane 401107

PHONE NO
:
65241767 ®




9819941373


DATE OF BIRTH
:
25-Jul-70

MARITAL STATUS
:
Married


PASSPORT No.
:
K 1906704
REFERENCES : Will be provided on request.
