

























































Curriculum Vitae – PHP developer

Curriculum Vitae – PHP developer

			Devendra S Dudhane
							A-002, Kailash Park, 
							Samta Nagar, Opp Raymond Comp.
							Thane (w), 400604
							Email: devendra.dudhane@gmail.com
							Mob no: - 9967827420
							DOB –17-07-1987


Aim: 

A highly resourceful, innovative, and competent PHP developer with extensive experience in the layout, design and coding of websites specifically in PHP format. Possessing considerable knowledge of the development of web applications and scripts using PHP programming language and MySQL & SQL Server databases. 
Looking for a suitable developer position with a ambitious & exciting company.

Work Experience

Total IT experience - 6 years 

Relevant in PHP Programming –3 years
Relevant in Networking and Application support – 3 years.

	Work Experience:

	Company Name
	Designation
	From
	To
	Tools and Technologies used

	Cox and Kings Pvt Ltd
	Team Leader
	Nov-2014
	Present
	PHP, Mysql, Javascript, Jquery, Ajax, HTML.

	Adaptable Systems Consulting Pvt Ltd
	Assistant Consultant
	April-2012
	Oct-2014
	PHP, Mysql, VPRO/5 and PACOEX/PAINEX tables

	Advance Tech Controls Pvt Ltd
	Application Engineer
	Sept-2008
	March-2012
	Vxworks and QNX as RTOS. Embedded




	Computer Skills
	

	· Languages and Software
	PHP, Javascript, JQuery,AJAX,Visual Pro/5

	· Database
	MySQL

	· Real Time Operating Systems
	Windows and Linux

	· Tools
	MS Office 2003, MS Office 2007

	· Operating Systems
	Dos, Windows 9x/2000/XP/7.




1. Cox and Kings Pvt Ltd

PHP Developer (Nov 2014 -  Present)

Working with designers, Front End and project management staff to capture requirements for the functional elements of website projects. Also responsible for liaising with clients and ensuring that all work carried out complies with standards and guidelines.

Duties :

· Building PHP websites using PHP based frameworks
· Testing and validating work produced as part of the development process.
· Developing advanced database driven websites & systems
· Back end development and maintenance of websites using PHP and MySQL.
· Developing compatible User Interface functionality using jQuery ,Ajax & other libraries.
· Working in a data analyst role and with business intelligence applications.	
· Documenting features, technical specifications & infrastructure requirements.
· Working with a multi-disciplinary team to convert business needs into technical specifications.


 2.  Adaptable Systems Consulting Pvt Ltd

Associate Consultant (April 2012 – Oct 2014)

· Working on Application Development and Enhancement, Application Support and process design/re-engineering of Payroll Processing application on BASIS VPRO technology
· Software Analysis and Design
· Made effective and much appreciated suggestions for changes in the system applications, and gave expert advice as to proper operation.
· Addressing and solving tickets assigned on priority basis.
· Deployed specially designed test scripts – Retrieved system metrics, gathered and formatted statistics and ran analyses to identify system issues.

Projects worked on:

	1. Project Name:Implementation of calendar functionality in Payroll Processing software
Project Duration: 8 months                                               Team Size: 4

	Company Name: 
	Adaptable Systems Consulting Pvt Ltd
	Tools and Technologies used

	Project Details: 
	The purpose of this modification is to produce a quick date calendar selection screen similar to what can be seen on most websites.
	VPRO/5 and PACOEX/PAINEX tables

	Roles and Responsibilities: 
	· Review the customer requirement
· Complete program modification
· Review the entire code as per the project requirements.
· Complete the testing as per the user test cased provided in the document.
· Responsible for the modification of the entire project and initial testing of the project. 

	



2. Advance Tech Controls Pvt Ltd (Mumbai)  - Sept 2008 – Jan 2012

Application Engineer 
· Installing of high end embedded products mostly used in DRDO Labs.
· Working on RTOS (Linux and VxWorks)
· Addressing and solving tickets assigned on priority basis.
· To coordinate the planning, design, and installation of machinery and equipment in an industrial environment.
· Provision, configure, deploy, and support our suite of electronic research applications, as well astheir supporting tools and services

Certification - Core Java from NIIT

Key Skills and Competencies:

· Ability to multi-task, react quickly to shifting priorities and meet deadlines.
· Proactive, confident and with a positive “can-do” attitude.
· Able to clearly communicate technical data to non-technical colleagues and clients.
· Continuously monitoring industry trends, technologies and standards.
· Solid web development experience using OOP, PHP, MySQL, Javascript, JQuery, HTML and CSS.

 Educational Qualification:

	Qualification
	Course Name
	Institute Name
	University/ Board
	Year of Passing
	Aggregate % Marks

	Graduation
	BE-Computers
	Terna Engineering college
	Mumbai
	2008
	63.00

	HSC
	HSC
	N.K.T
	Mumbai
	2004
	69.00

	SSC
	SSC
	New English School
	Mumbai
	2002
	71.00



Declaration: - I do here by confirm that the information given in this form is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Name: - Devendra S Dudhane					              ___________
Place: - Mumbai.							Signature
