







































RESUME 

Arjun Bhatia 

Contact No. +91-8851649307 

Email ID- arjunbhatia15@gmail.com  

                                                        Career Objective 

          To be associated with progressive organization that gives me scope to apply my educational and 
professional skills and provides me with advancement opportunity and knowledge empowerment. 

Career Summary 

● A customer oriented and excellent communicator possesses 3+ experience as a Customer 

Support Executive. 

● Excellent in conveying the client’s requirement to the team leader. 

● Excellent in converting the cold calls into new assignment. 

● Expertise in taking follow up on a daily basis. 

● Expertise in working with a team. 

                                               Personal Qualities 

● Strong written and oral communication 

● Ability to persuade the customers. 

● Ability to produce the best result in pressure situations. 

● Quick learner 

● Team Player 

   Key Responsibilities Handled 

● Attending escalation calls apart from taking normal calls. 

● Conveying the client requirements to the team with regards to the process. 

● Attaining daily, weekly and monthly targets specified by the process. 

● Adhering to the schedule as prescribed by the TL. 

● Providing the feedback to the process manager at the end of the day. 



Achievements 

● Converted 6% cold calls into sales calls. 

● Converted Escalations into customer satisfaction calls. 

Employers 

Airline Reservation Agent 

SPICEJET Airlines (Corporate Office), Gurugram Haryana, India 

September 2016- Present 

● Answering phone calls and giving information to passengers as per their travel plans. 

● Handling customer care calls regarding Reservations, Escalations, Refunds, Cancellation of 

Itineraries.  

● Using airline's computer system for checking flights, fares, and new updates 

● Handling questions, complaints, and inquiries from customers politely and discreetly 

● Instructing customers on using company website and mobile application for information 

● Taking customers' information and feeding in the computer systems and making reservations. 

● Sales of Tickets, Itinerary generation, Ancillary products including seats, meals etc 

● Handling calls regarding Irregular Operations Including Flight Cancellations, Delays and 

Preponement. 

EXL Services (March 2015 - April 2016) 

Gurugram Haryana 

Worked for UK Based Client Scottish Power, International Email Process. 

● Answered all mails received by clients and resolved their queries and complaints on a daily basis. 

● Handling customer queries through email/chat process for International Clients. 



INTELENET GLOBAL SERVICES (AUG 2014 - MARCH 2015) 

● Hardcore sales Process by selling of Card Protection Plan service to customers. 

● Generating Sale leads, for Banks to protect Credit/debit cards and Internet banking. 

● Sale to customers denying for CPP services. 

Academics 

● Pursuing MBA from Amity University 
 

● B.COM Graduated from D.U (Delhi University) in 2013 with 50% marks 
 

● 12 th  passed from CBSE in 2008 with 75% marks  
 

● 10 th  passed from CBSE in 2006 with 60% marks. 
 

Computer Knowledge  

- MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) 

- Internet and E-mail applications  

Personal Details 

Languages known:   Hindi, English 
DOB:   25/09/1990 
Hobbies : Watching Movies 
Address:   D-17 Deen Dayal Nagar  
MDA  
Moradabad (244001) 
Uttar Pradesh 
 
Declaration: I hereby declare that all the information furnished above is true to the best of my                 
knowledge and belief. 

Date   : 

Place:                                                                                                                                                          (Arjun Bhatia ) 

 



 
 

 
 

 

 


