

























RESUME

Chandana Tadikonda

Mobile: 9741634154,

Email ID:chandanarainbow88@gmail.com

CAREER OBJECTIVE

To associate with an innovative and vibrant organization, this allows me to put my competencies to the best use, to
add value to the organization and contributes to my overall growth as an individual.

Employment History:

1) Worked as a HR-Executive under recruitment cadre with Accenture for two years.

2) Worked as a HR Executive Benefit Administrator with HGSI (HR Governance Solutions

India Pvt Ltd) – Bangalore, under Hanna Global Solutions (HGSI) for one year in the field

of Benefit accounting and HR practices.

Roles & Responsibilities at Accenture Services Pvt Ltd.

1) Reaching the defined targets for hiring of different job families (time, costs, and quality).
2) Full execution of the recruitment process (including job posting, phone interviewing, job interviewing,

regular communication with candidates and managers) including the recruitment administration.
3) Administers job interviewing schedules for all job vacancies (and keeps promises done to job applicants).
4) Involved in Scheduling Interviews (Skills, ABI, Case & Confirming Interviews) Candidates.
5) Manages posting of job vacancies at the best performing recruitment channels (responsiveness, quality and

costs).
6) Extensive hands on experience in using Taleo (Accenture Talent Acquisition System ATAS).
7) Keeping a track record of candidate using ATAS tool and coordinating with recruiters.
8) Making travel, hotel arrangements for Candidates who are attending for Interviews and Orientation Program.
9) Closing all the requirements within timelines and ensuring that we meet our target time to fill adherence to

corporate expectations.
10) Involved in preparation of the weekly & monthly recruitment reports.

Roles & Responsibilities at HGSI

 Processing the Payroll Deductions for the Employees.

 Billing the Client as per the services provided and enhancing the requirement of Client.



 Monitoring & Reviewing the Data Management activities and Processes.

 System &Payroll, Audits.

 Induction& Trainingprograms for the New Joiners.

Educational Qualification:

 MBA- Finance and Marketing from Pydah college of PG Courses -Visakhapatnam with CGPA-7.71%

 B.Com(Computers) from Gayatri College with 70 %.

 Intermediate in Gayathri Junior College with 65 %.

 10th – Pollocks School with-58%

Projects:

Successfully completed a project on Electronic data transfer and data management for the client.

 Successfully completed the review and analysis on the applicant tracking system and the recruting

schedulling.

 Successfully completed internship & project on Receivable Management with PepsiCo.

 Project on Analysis of Financial Statement with APSFC(Andhra Pradesh State Finance Corporation)

Computer Skills:

 M S Office,

 “C”, “C++”

Hobbies:

 Reading novels and books to improve vocabulary.

 Listening Music

 Browsing

Professional Strengths:

 Oral ,written Communication



 Patience

 Team Co-ordination and team player.

 Self Motivated and Goal Oriented.

Personal information:

 Father’s Name : Mr.T.Babu Rao

 Date of Birth : 05-04-1989

 Nationality : Indian

 Marital Status : Single

 Languages : English, Hindi, Telugu

 Contact address: D/n 50-83-12, Seethampeta

Madhuranagar Visakhapatnam

T.Chandana


