

























  

Jashwanth VenugopalJashwanth Venugopal  
email :email :​​  ​​ ​jashwanth.v@gmail.com 

phone :phone :​​  ​​ 9606434286 
 

  

  

Career ObjectiveCareer Objective  

Seeking opportunities to working full time as a IT support technicianSeeking opportunities to working full time as a IT support technician  

I bring along industry experience, having more than three years’ experience in IT sector. I               

wish to strengthen my skills and further increase my expertise in various operating systems              

and software packages while at the same time demonstrating my knowledge and skills in              

the workplace. Equipped with excellent communication skills, I am confident that I can             

address technical as well as customer service issues with the same enthusiasm and             

diligence.  

 

EducationEducation    

● Master in Information TechnologyMaster in Information Technology​​  ​​ …………………………………………   …………………………………………  ​​ 2013 – 2015 2013 – 2015  
Swinburne University of Technology, Melbourne 

 

● Bachelor of Computer ApplicationBachelor of Computer Application​​  ​​……………………………………………………………………………………​​   2009 – 2012   2009 – 2012  
PESIT, Bangalore, India 

Work ExperienceWork Experience  

● POS Systems Support atPOS Systems Support at​​ United Petroleum Melbourne United Petroleum Melbourne​​……………. ……………. ​​  Sep 2015 -Jan 2018  Sep 2015 -Jan 2018  
➔ Responsible for providing a link between the company, the customer, the           

development team and third-party software provider regarding software        

functionality throughout the Project cycle 

➔ Integrating new systems with existing infrastructure and business systems 

➔ Building disaster recovery plans 

➔ Working with clients to analyse and document business requirements 

➔ Conducting User Acceptance Testing in test and live environment and          

coordinating with various vendors e.g PC-EFTPOS, ANZ, Trusted Cloud and          

Independent Solution for evaluation of results and recommending optimal         

business practices 

➔ Working in Project to integrate ANZ payment terminals to Point of Sale            

system 

➔ Completely managing all IT operations for high volume fuel terminals 

mailto:jashwanth.v@gmail.com


➔ Taking part in meetings and proposing new ideas concerning application          

design, development methodologies and software maintenance including the        

cost involved in its implementation 

 

 

   

 

● Technical Support Engineer Technical Support Engineer ​​at Hewlett Packard (hp) at Hewlett Packard (hp) ​​……………… ……………… ​​Feb 2012 - Jul 2013Feb 2012 - Jul 2013
 

➔ Monitor systems and identify performance issues 

➔ Solve complex technical problems for Desktop PC, Laptops, Peripherals, and          

Mobile Devices as well as Telecom services and email services  

➔ Works within strict time scales and elevates incidents within defined time 

windows  

➔ Review, Assign, Resolve, Log comments and Close tickets in standard Tools           

like HP Service Manager, Remedy or CA Service Desk  

➔ Responds to Service Desk calls from Remote Users and resolve issues using      

remote connectivity tools  

➔ Understands VPN/RAS Connectivity and Advanced Troubleshooting of       

connection problems  

➔ Troubleshoot Microsoft patches, corporate software deployments, group      

policies and Antivirus issues. Support patching of OS when required  

➔ Have familiarity with Microsoft Active Directory, DNS and Proxy Services  

➔ Understands Microsoft Exchange Corporate Email Systems (.pst, .ost and      

Archives file types)  

➔ Handling sales calls 

  

 

                     Best employee of second quarterBest employee of second quarter  

  

  

● Application developerApplication developer​​  ​​at Student Nokia Developer……………   May 2010 – Feb 2011at Student Nokia Developer……………   May 2010 – Feb 2011  
    Student Nokia Developer is a Student Kingdom of enthusiast passionate mobile 

application developers​. . ​​It is a non-profit organization which is funded by NOKIA helps 

student to learn and innovate in the field of mobile devices​..  

  

➔ Designing and Developing mobile apps for Nokia store  



➔ Conducting seminars and workshop to promote mobile apps development         

across India 

➔ Managing all the events 

➔ Organizing many hackathons 

➔ Training and mentoring junior software developers 

 

SkillsSkills  

● Outstanding customer relations and ​communicationcommunication​​ skills 

● Extensive knowledge of ​Windows OS Windows OS ​​and desktop/laptop related issues  

● Experience troubleshooting​ TCP/IP TCP/IP​​ connectivity issues 

● Able to resolve ​HW & SW HW & SW ​​issues 

● Self-starterSelf-starter​​ with capability to work separately with minimum supervision 

● Exceptional​ logic logic​​ and ​problem solvingproblem solving​​ skills 

● Strong writing and verbal communications skills 

● Strong desire to learn on the job 

● Attention to ​detail detail ​​at every step. 

 

Volunteer ExperienceVolunteer Experience  

●  Coaching international students Coaching international students​​ to improve their English speaking skills 

                              ​​ ( Aug 2013 – May 2014 ) 

●  Volunteer Swinburne Student Amenities Association Volunteer Swinburne Student Amenities Association​​  ( Mar 2014 – Jun 2014 )  

➔ Assisted for semester One Orientation Week 

➔ Volunteer on Orientation day for Pathways students. 

  


