
















































                                                      RESUME


                                               Manju Dhiren Gupta
                                                                                       Address:--K90/91
                                                                                       Krishnashanti soc.
                                                                                       Nr. PF office, OP Road                                                                
                                                                                      Munjmahuda, Baroda
                                                                                      M:--+918980450471                                                                                    
                                                                                      gargmanju@ymail.com 



Objective: To join a team of quality professionals working in a highly innovative environment to utilize my present experience, educational background and interpersonal skills that would be mutually beneficial for the organization and enriching my knowledge towards continuous growth and advancement.

Professional Profile: 


1. Working with Gowrie healthcare Pvt. Ltd, Baroda Since Oct 2014 as Sr. Customer Service Executive.

1. Have Worked with Gowrie Pvt. Ltd, Baroda from July 2011 to July 2013 as Credit Controller.

1. Have worked with Infosys BPO Ltd, Pune from June 2006 to April 2011 as Process Specialist.


Job Profile in Gowrie Pvt. Ltd as a Sr. Customer Service Executive:

1. Team coaching and management.

1. Handling Team of 7 customers execrative.

1. Handling Escalations.

1. My Team Provides B2B customer services to over 4k customer based in UK.

1. Coordinating with different departments based in UK and India.

1. Regular reporting to the operations director.
Job Profile in Gowrie Pvt. Ltd as a credit controller:


1. Have Handled 250 accounts receivables.

1. Regular supervision and monitoring of the accounts.

1. Regular communication with the customers based in UK

1. Regular follow up with the customer for payments & achieve set targets.

1. Handling customer’s account statement & invoice queries

1. Regular reporting to the Credit Control Manager.


Job Profile in Infosys:


1. Have handled a team of 15 – 20 people.

1. Have worked with a Client of Telecommunication Domain from UK.

1. Have participated in transformation and process improvement projects.

1. Coaching the team on the process.

1. Regular supervision and monitoring the team performance.

1. Maintaining records of work done.

1. Reporting unusual pattern of failed orders.

1. Handling escalation.

1. Regular Communication with the Client.

1. Have also worked with HR Team to help them in recruitment and induction programs.







Work Experience and achievements: 

HR SPOC:  

1.  Have worked with HR Team to help them in recruitment and induction programs. 

1. Used to keep the people updated regarding the rules and policies of the company.

1. Used to make people aware of and drive participation in the training and motivational programs run by the company.

Achievement

1. Have received one extra miler award for managing communication across the engagement.

Transformation & Process improvement:

1. Was part of process improvement and transformation team, took a couple of projects to reduce THT, and shorten the standard procedure.

1. Did a yellow belt project, to increase schedule adherence of the process from 97% to 99%.

1. Did a Star project to increase core activity of the associates and able to achieve the benchmark within stipulated time.


Team Coach:

1. Have taken responsibility to maintain my team’s performance. Motivate the team for good work. 

1. Have taken responsibility to coach my team on new process. Also to provide updates on the current process via team huddles and team meeting on regular basis. 

1. Have handled an enhance care, a critical project of the client alone.



Achievement

1. Have won Five Certificates in Infosys for Excellency in performance



Educational Qualification: 

	Degree
	University
	Stream
	Year
	Marks (%)

	B.Com
	MS.University of Baroda
	A/c & Aud
	2004
	60%

	Diploma in Computer Application
	Netvision tech. Vadodara
	-
	2004
	Grade A

	M.Com
	M.S. University of Baroda
	Accountancy / Finance 
	2006
	65%





	C-PGDBA
	Symbiosis center of distance learning
	Operations
Management
	2009
	81.79%





Personal details


Name					: Manju Dhiren Gupta.

Date of Birth                      	: 21/01/1983

Marital Status			: Married

Nationality				: Indian

Languages Known			: English, Hindi, Gujarati. 




                       					Manju G.

