













































CURRICULUM VITAE


AKSHAY BHAU HINGADE. 

Address: S.No- 12/2A,397,Vetal Maharaj Society, Opp.Premraj Vihar, 

                                 Anand Nagar,Old Sangavi, Pune – 411027. 

Email Id: akshay.hingade@gmail.com /  Contact No: 9860595978 

   

Career Objective :- 

To associate myself with a reputed and professional organization in a challenging                   

environment by utilizing my skills in a manner so that it would be beneficial for the 

organization’s growth as well as my own growth. 

 

Educational Qualifications :- 

Exam Board/University Year of passing Class 

MA 

(Political Science) 
Savitribai Phule Pune 

University 
2018-2019 Appear 

BA 

(Political Science) 
Savitribai Phule Pune 

University 
2017 2nd 

HSC State board of Maharashtra 
2013 1st 

SSC State board of Maharashtra 
2007 2nd 

 

Experience :- 

 

1)  Company Name    :  3i INFOTECH PVT LTD. 

      Client            :  ICICI BANK. 

      Designation           :  Junior Associate. 

      Process            :  Credit Card Process. 

      Job Profile            :  Customers verification and information update in the  

                ICICI Bank system, Assist to Team Leader for the  

                                        Document scanning and collect form  

      Duration            :  July 2014 to January 2015 (6 Month). 

      

2)   Company Name   :  LODHA GROUP OF CONSTRUCTION. 

       Project                  :   BELMONDO (Luxury Resort Living) 

       Designation          :   Office Assistant. 

       Job Profile            :   Maintain the store (sales collaterals), Manage the Company cab for 

                                          the client and Associate pickup-drop, Handle the client for show  

 the project and give them the appropriate information about the  

 project, Handle the bank associate for the loan verification and give 

                                          them the appropriate information about the project and  particular  

                                          flat, Handle the work of  reception in absence of  receptionist, 

                                          Assist to General Manager and all Sales Manager & Maintain the 

                                          Office premises clean and tidy through Housekeeping. 

       Duration             :   November 2016 to March 2017 (1 year 5 month) 

mailto:akshay.hingade@gmail.com


Self-Assessment :- 

 Quick Learner. 

 Ability to deal with people diplomatically. 

 Positive attitude and enthusiastic in team work. 

 Ability to work with a sense of urgency to meet deadline to competing priorities. 

Extra-Curricular :- 

 Basic knowledge of Computer.  

 Knowledge of Internet Browsing, Mailing. 

 Basic knowledge of MS-Office. 

 National Skill Development Corporation and IT–ITeS SSC NASSCOM’S 

Domestic Data Entry Operator Course. 

 Typing Speed English 40 WPM. 

Personal Details :- 

 Date of Birth :  2
nd  

October 1991. 

 Blood Group :  O+. 

 Gender  :  Male. 

 Marital Status :  Single. 

 Languages Known :  English, Marathi and Hindi. 

 Hobbies/Activities :  Reading News Paper. 

 

Declaration :- 

 

I hereby declare you that the above information is correct, true and complete to the 

best of my knowledge and belief. I know that, if information is found to be false or incorrect, 

my candidature may be considered as terminated without any notice. 

 

 

Place: PUNE. 

Date:        /        /  

 

 

 

 

(AKSHAY BHAU HINGADE.)                                                                                                                                                                


