














































    CURRICULUM VITAE

             SOWMYA.K.R                                     Mobile no: 8904345705
  E-mail: sowmyakrgowda.777@gmail.com
OBJECTIVE                                                                                                     
To purse a highly challenging career in the field of Accounts & Taxation, where I would apply my knowledge, experience and ideas to develop high professional skills and effective management technique to ensure protection of interest of industry and engage as a good corporate professional.

Work Experience:
           Working in AXS Online Pt. Ltd. Bangalore as a Junior Accounts Executive from February 2016 to till date.

       Worked at FCI EN Connecters Limited. Bangalore as a Finance Executive from Dec 2014 to Dec 2015.
Roles and Respnsibilities:
· A Junior Accountant with nearly 3.5 years of experience in Indian and US Accounts and Taxation.
· Entering new transactions, categorizing the expenses in the bank register
· Reconciliation of bank and credit card statements and preparation of reconciliation statements.
· Creation of paychecks, calculation of payroll taxes. Reconciliation of  941, SUTA and FUTA tax liability with tax payment.
· Creating purchase orders, entering bills and making payments. 
· Creating debit memo for the goods/ services returned to the customers.
· Do vendor reconciliation from vendor statement. Do aging analysis and confirm the closing balance of accounts payable.

· Creating and updating customer details, invoices, sending invoices to the respective customers.
· Create Credit Memo for the goods/service returned by customers.
· Receiving the payments made by customers after clients approval.
· Preparation of AR aging report and Customer balance detail periodically.

· Reconciliation of Factoring Company accounts with balance as per books.

· Month end closings and Intercompany reconciliation.

· Preparation of 1099 for Contractors /Sub-Contractors and preparation of W2 for employees.
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:
               Course                   :              B.Com

               College                  :              MEWA Degree College
               University             :              Bangalore University

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION:
	COURSE
	Year of passing
	University/Board
	Percentage

	S.S.L.C
	2007
	S.S.L.C Board
	     63%

	Pre Degree
	2009
	PUC Board
	     64%

	B.Com
	2013
	Bangalore
	     67%


COMPUTER SKILLS

· Having Good Knowledge in MS Word, Dos
, Excel 
· Have typing speed for more than 30 wpm.

· Successfully Completed Basics of computer and tally Erp9 in NICT Computer education.
STRENGHTS:
· Good communication skills, Strong analytical, logical and inter-personal skills.

· Good at MS Office, Accounting packages Tally and Quick books.

· Passion for Innovation and can handle challenging projects.
· Speak effectively to motivate others and bring the best out of them.
PERSONAL PROFILE:

Name                   
 :                     Sowmya K R
Father Name       
 :                     Rudrappa Gowda
Date of Birth        
 :                     12-04-1991
Nationality           
 :                     Indian

Language known
 :                     Kannada, English, Telugu
Hobbis 

    
 :                     Reading Books, Watching TV
PERSONAL SKILLS:

            I am hard worker & Open minded person. I get well with people at all levels. I have good communication skills. I regard myself as being convincing and well spoken.
DECLARATION:

           Thank you for your attention to these materials. I certainly look forward to explore this further; the above said information is true to the best of my knowledge.

Date:

Place:                                                                           Sowmya K R                               
