











































Mohd Amir
Email      : amkhan.0309@gmail.com	
Passport 
Number:  Z3260389

Mobile    : +91 7408594785


Address:  A-22 Shakthi Majestic Apartment, Thoraipakkam, Chennai (Tamil nadu), pin code. 600097

						

Summary
		
A professional SAP Technical Associate Consultant with 2.3 yrs of experience. I have expertise on ABAP. Good knowledge in developing RICEF Components.

Professional Qualification / Certification

Six week excellence training on SAP ABAP from Unipro Infosystem Pvt Ltd.
B.E in Information Technology from ITM University Gwalior
Major Training  Completed on SAP ABAP from Great Online Training
One month training on C and C++  from Hewlett Packard education services
Two Month Training on core Java  from Ducat Gwalior
Professional Expertise/Skills

Programming Skills – ABAP.
ABAP Technical Skills: ALV Reports, Smart forms, BDCs, LSMWs, BAPI, Module Pool Programming, Classical Reports, BADIs & User Exits.
Data Dictionary: Creation and Maintenance of Tables, Structures, Views and other dictionary objects.
Reports: Creation of Classical and Interactive reports. Development of ALV reports.
Interfaces: Creation of BAPI, Re-use BAPI’s.
Conversions: Creation of BDC programs using Call Transaction and Session methods.
Enhancements: Knowledge in User Exits.
Forms: Creation of standalone layout sets in SAP Scripts, SMART FORMS and related driver programs.

Professional Experience.

ORGANISATION 
 Unipro Infosystem Pvt Ltd.
. I have worked for Unipro Infosystem Pvt Ltd.Chennai for 2.2 yrs as a SAP-Associate Software Engineer
From date 24th Aug 2015 to till now.


	Project 
	:
	Support Project

	Client
	:
	Dinamalar.

	Duration	
	:
	12th oct 2015 to till now.

	Role

Enviroment                                                          
	:

:                 
	SAP ABAP Developer
.
SAP R/3 ECC 6.0






Brief Description of Project:
Dinamalar is a Tamil daily newspaper.It was founded by T. V. Ramasubbaiyer on September
6,1951 at Thiruvananthapuram.  Dinamalar is the third largest
Tamil daily in India by circulation and is printed in 10 cities across India. As of 2015, the
newspaper has a  circulation of 894,995 daily.

Responsibilities:

Development of new Data dictionary objects for structure, domain, data element, reports and functionalities.
Created Employee table in Data dictionary element and generate TMG to fill entries to display in report.
Developed ALV report for Purchase Order (PO) in Material Management.(MM)(Table Ekko , Ekpo)
Developed ALV report to display the list of delivery details with company logo.
Developed a HR report to display the list of Employee personal details and Time Reports.
Developed the ALV report for Purchase history in Material Management (MM)(Table Ekbe)
Developed the ALV report for order history in Order to Cash (SD).(Table Vbak, Vbap,
    Cdhdr,Vbrk Vbrp)
Designed and developed Smart forms to display the Materials Invoice details.
Created smart forms for invoicing details.
Develop a module pool program to display material details
Create a z control table to display the vendor detail using module pool programming (Table
Lfa1, Lfb1).
Created Alv report for designing selection screen at output area for MM according to client requirement.
Created Alv report in delivery Challan for functional consultant (MM) according to client requirement.


SAP Scripts & Smart Forms:.
Modified existing Layout, creation of styles and standard text for the layout sets, printing company logo on documents, and maintaining condition records and create settings for output determination.

Area of Interest

Reading Newspapers.
Playing outdoor and indoor games.
Singing.
Playing musical Instrument.

	

Educational Background
Degree: Bachelor of Engineering
Branch:Information Technology
Institute:ITM Universe (Gwalior)
University: Rajiv Gandhi technical university, Bhopal
Year of Passing: 2015
Percentage: 68.20

Significant Achievements

Actively participated & organized various debate competitions& events at school and college

 Actively participated in a summer school organized by the NATIONAL ACADEMY OF SCIENCES INDIA. (NASI)
Served as member of TECHNICAL- FEST “KRONOS”  Committee in the college
Successfully participated in Workshop on ROBOTICS in MANNIT Bhopal in October 2012.
Played a key role by participating in the seminars, quiz competitions, etc.


I hereby declare all the above facts authenticate.
 Place: CHENNAI
 DATE: 11/11/2017                                                                    (MOHD AMIR)





