






































Shrey Velani CV


SHREY VELANI
2002 Vista-2, The Address, LBS Marg, Ghatkopar West, Mumbai, India

Email:- shreyvelani@gmail.com,  
Mob. 9820427690

Objective An enthusiastic, easy going and hardworking committed individual who is interested in finding a 
rewarding and challenging position in a distinguished organisation. Experienced and 
knowledgeable information technology professional seeking to contribute training and acquired 
skills within a help desk support role.

Professional Profile Being extremely neat, reliable, greatly motivated, able to deal with complicated projects, creating 
high quality and timely working results.
Have good skills of technical analysis and setting up relationships, particularly helpful in 
supporting the associates to find out solutions to problems and wonders.

Professional Skills Works well independently, or in a group setting providing all facets of technical help desk support 
such as troubleshooting, installations, and maintenance. In-depth knowledge and understanding 
of numerous software packages and operating systems. Skilled in providing customer and end-
user technical support. Easily identifies and resolves technical issues and concerns. Excellent 
communication and presentation capabilities.

Technical Skills Operating Systems Know: Windows XP, 7, 8, 10. Mac OS X 10.6 to now

Office Automation: MS Office – Word, Excel, PowerPoint. Mac OS – Keynote, Writer, Numbers

Software Installation & Updating: Windows OS, Mac OS & Mobile OS

Experience Now working with Naaptol Online Shopping Pvt. Ltd. India’s No 1 teleshopping company(July 
2015 - Till Now)

Post:	Assistant	Manager	–	Quality	Assurance	Engineer & Business Process Dept.

The Key Deliverable
QC and QA Quality assurance for the new and upcoming products(Technical) and checking for the desirable 

factors such as opertions(Hardware and Software), specifications nessesary for the end user's. 
Also suggesting for the new ideas for the product to be more effective.(EG:- Mobiles, Tablets and 
other technical products) 
Quality control for the shoot samples, testing the both appearance and operation for any 5 
random samples out of the lot and so that the manufactured products can be free from the 
defects. Report making for the tested products both in QA as well as for the QC for shoot 
samples.

Packaging Development

Developing and suggesting new packaging for all(new & old) the product to reduce the weight or 
volumetric weight by reducing the dimensions of the product so that the product transit can be 
done at its lowest cost. The other reason for developing packaging is to reduce the number of 
product damage or theift at the time of transit and also the same product can bare atleast 2-3 
transits.

Product Manual Developing product manual for all the challanging products to reduce the number of complains and to make the product more user friendly for the customers.

PDI(Pre Dispatch Inspection)
Proof reading and correcting the questionare for PDI guidlines and checklist. Performed PDI 
inpections process for many technical products. Prepared and implemented the parameters for 
inspection for PDI team.

Troubleshooting
Delivered directions, guides and training to new staff and gave advise to them on how to well deal 
with such claims from customers. Individuals meeting face to face with all advisors. Call audits 
and supervising their performance. Improving the management.

Vacuum Packaging 
Implementation And Report  
making

As a Project manager working on implementing the entire process and even coordinating with 
vendors and manufactures for the installation of machine.

Certification Six Sigma Yellow Belt(Implementing 5s process in entire department)
Participation in Science Olympiad 

Education Ram ratna vidya mandir, mumbai maharashtra
ssc schooling

O' Levels Math (Algebra & Geometry), English, Hindi, Sanskrit, Science (Physics, Chemistry and 
Biology), Geography and Economics.
BSC (HONS) Computer Science (Hardware & Software), Middlesex University London 
2010-2014
Diploma in Electronics Engineering, D.Y. Patil Polytechnic Navi Mumabi, 2007-2009

Accomplishments Designed and Build a functional Java Based software for house automation during 
university's projects. This project was programmed for the kind of houses that would control 
most of electric operating devices that included lights, TV, AC, Curtains, etc. It also had an extra 
new feature which was that the user was able to create a shopping list for grocery items and the 
list was send to the shop for preparing.(University 2014)
Designed and Build a functional automatic sensing gate for railway system using 8085 
microprocessor chip. This project was designed for railway system to avoid the accidents 
happening on tracks. Binary coding/programming was done using 8085 microprocessor chip. The 
microprocessor chip was programmed to the gate and the sensor. If the sensor senses someone 
crossing or standing between the tracks it will close the gate and this will avoid the accident from 
happening.(Diploma 2009)

Personal Details Date of Birth:           27

Place of Birth:          Mumbai, India

Gender:                   Male

Nationality:              Indian

Marital Status:         Single

Languages:             English, Hindi, Gujrati, Marathi

Declaration

I consider myself familiar with "Electronics & Computing" engineering Aspects. I am also confident to my ability to work in a team as well 
as an individual. !
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to best of my knowledge.


