
















































BALAJI.S                                                                (Immediate joining)
NO: 31, Nehru Street,
Makkaram Garden, Kolathur,
Chennai-600099 
D.O.B: 28/04/1997
Mobile: 9042837899
E-mail id: balaji.ajay.56@gmail.com

	CAREER OBJECTIVE



                                           Looking forward to be associated with an organization where my skills and talents can be fully utilized and recognized, concentrating simultaneously on the growth of both the organizational and personal fronts.
 
	CAREER PROFILE 


   
Company Name   : HCL TECH Ltd BPO SERVICES

Project Name       : BCBSNC (Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina)

Experience           : 1Year of Experience as Analyst. 

Domain                : Finance and Accounting (Treasury Operations)

Job Role & Responsibilities: -
1. Respond to state and owner inquiry regarding the status of unclaimed property and escheatment filings items.
1. Handled escheat filing activity which we will be reported to the U.S state government.
1. Mange the due diligence notification process to apparent owner and Provider. 
1. Document and ensure compliance with internal unclaimed property policies and procedures
1. Stay current on Unclaimed Property laws (for the 50 states, New York, Charlotte, Durham and Wilmington)
1. Voiding the checks at bank sites like Cash Pro Bank of America and Wells Fargo Bank.
1. Reissuing a new check through different application tool (Oracle, Fujitsu, Amisys, PowerMHS).
Performance and Reporting: -
1. Generating Monthly bank report from bank site and providing it to the GL team for the Monthly Bank Reconciliation.
1. Providing the check status and EFT Payment status to Accounts Payable and Account Receivable. 
1. Preparing Weekly dashboard and walk through to clients on call.
1. Constantly Focused on the productivity and accuracy 


	EDUCATIONAL  QUALIFICATION



	
S.No

	
Name of the course
	 
             Institution
	
Year of Passing
	
Percentage

	
1
	

B.B.A

	
University of Madras, Jaya college of arts and science, Thiruninravur

	
2017


	
69.5%

	
2
	

12th

	
Everwin Matriculation Higher Secondary school, Chennai.

	
2014

	
65.33%

	
3
	
               10th
	
Everwin Matriculation Higher Secondary School, Chennai

	
2012
	
65.4%


s
	SKILLS & PRESONAL TRAITS



1. Good at Computation and business application skills.
2. Proficient in Microsoft Excel (Pivot Table, V-Look Ups, Formulas).
3. Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with others.
4. Responsible, determined, Hardworking and Self Motivated with an ability to learn.
5. English typing lower level  

	EXTRACURRICLUAR ACTIVITIES


 
1. Participated in School Dance Competition 
2. Participated in All Social Service Activities 
3. Participated in inter college Cricket & Football team	

Date:                                                                                                                   
Place:                                                                                                                          (BALAJI.S)       
