















































1 | P a g e  

                                                                                   Abhijit Kundu 
 

Present Address: Kharghar,Navi Mumbai 
 

E-mail:  aks55.stat55@gmail.com                                                                                    Contact No :( +91)8961290384 
/9051365859 

 

 

Career Objective: 
 

A dynamic professional utilizes the creativity, leadership and teamwork to design and execute solution that create s high 
value for clients. Solve the different problems based on my knowledge & comes with a reasonable solution which are fruitful 
for the organization in which I belong. Continuously update the knowledge & have high degree of accuracy and attention 
to detail. Have high degree of analytical skill with various advanced statistical application software and sound knowledge on 
high value data mining with validation. 

 
Overall Experience: 6 years 
 

Professional Experience 
 
Manager-Marketing Analytics, Idea Cellular, Mumbai, Maharashtra, Apr’ 18- Present 

 
Working on churn modelling. 
 
Sr. Analytics Consultant, SIBIA Analytics and Consulting Services PL, Kolkata, West Bengal                                                                       
Dec’ 16- Apr’18 
 
Price forecast for India’s one of the top FeCr producer company and increased their profit by 10-15 %. 
 
Price, Promotion and Trade Promotion Analysis: Price, Promotion and Trade promotion analysis for one of the top 
FMCG Company. Also decompose different promotion effectiveness in terms of revenue and also capture price 
effectiveness and GST effects using mixed effect model. 
 

     Target Setting: Working with popular FMCG companies on promotional aspects. Using various optimization techniques 
set sales targets for Area sales manager level to retailer level. We have considered holidays, seasonal indexes and 
promotional activities to build suitable models. We are getting above 60% strike rate at retailer level.  
   
     Market Segmentation: Identify most potential markets for US Painting Services Company.  From some macro-economic 
factors of US market project up to 2020 potential painting markets for both commercial and residential revenue at MSA and 
as well as ZIP level. 
 
     Demand Planning and Forecasting:  Worked on demand planning for some US FMCG companies. Accurate demand 
forecast using suitable time series models at SKU level. 
 
 
    
 

Data Scientist, Prmfincon Services PL, Kolkata, West Bengal                                                                       Jan’ 15- Nov’ 16 
   
  Analyze the illogical correlation across various verticals existing in the bank. Did some POC s for several banks on testing 
and on AML.  Working on model validation platform to track models performance on continuous basis.  
 
 

1. Worked on model life cycle management platform which monitors, and optimizes, the performance of various 
models across the organization. Building PD and LGD models across portfolio using machine learning models 
and validate their performance continuous basis. 

2. Worked on data model for validation platform. Dynamic R code and package building for this platform.  

mailto:rakesh.paul069@gmail.com


2 | P a g e  

3. Built   machine learning models on R and distributed R platform. Also worked on variable selection, 
preprocessing.  

4.     Analysis of outliers based on decision tree and segmentation approach. 

5.     Analysis of drivers based on ANOVA and determination of most appropriate metrics after discussing with 
business. 

6.     Rule based alert creation and validation using Z-score. Creating an actionable alert mechanism based on 
outliers.  

7.     Dashboard preparation for business user using POWER PIVOT. 

8.     Working on suspicious transaction detection based on machine learning and ensemble methodologies. 

9.     Build sales dashboard for retail client using POWER BI. 

10.   Identify shock period and establish the causal relationship between macro-economic variables. 

 
 

Analytics Consultant, Sibia Analytics, Kolkata, West Bengal                                                                            Aug’ 13- Jan’ 15 
 

Worked with giant Retail, FMCG, and Pharmaceutical giant as Data Analyst managing relationships with numerous clients 
during strategy and planning phase. Analyzed corporate business processes to develop analytical solutions, and reduce 
costs, improve performance within a given budget.  Joined led planning meetings, analysis development and other project 
meetings throughout in this tenure. Major analytical approach: 

 
4. Worked on web based sales forecasting engine that provides future forecast of the demand of sales. 
5. Automated model selection algorithm building for per SKU level. 

3.    Conducted Association Rules for a Retail client for cross sell. 

4.    Cluster analysis for retail and FMCG client to identify the potential customer. 

5.     Product clustering from their sales pattern. 

6.     Model based manpower scheduling system and optimal resource planning for each department.  

7.     Soccer Analytics: Match result, score, corner, yellow card, red card and in-play model building for UK client. 

 
Health Data Analyst, Analytics Plus, Kolkata, West Bengal                                                                     June’ 12- Aug’ 13 

 
Worked  with  Healthcare  giant  provided  analytics  solution  for  reducing  cost  and  to  improve performance of their 
product. Major analytical approach: 

 
1.    Conducted multiple logistic regression to predict high expensive claims. 

2.    Scorecard preparation for each claim. 

3.    Referral algorithm building in physician dimension.  

4.    Repeat patient algorithm building.  
 

Technical knowledge: 
 

Office Tools:                    MS-OFFICE (Word, Excel) 
Statistical Software: SAS, SPSS, R 
Visualization Tools:  PowerBi 
 

Statistical Models and Techniques: 
 
 Logistic Regression, Linear Regression, K-Means clustering, Linear Mixed Effect 
Model, Decision Trees, Time series models like AR, MA, ARMA, ARIMA, GARCH, Holt-
Winter, Machine Learning models like Random Forest, Boosting and different types 
of Decision trees, market basket analysis and other algorithms when needed. 

 
 
 

Educational Qualification: 



3 | P a g e  

 
     Master of Science in Statistics with first class from Burdwan University, Kolkata (2009-11) 
     Bachelor of Science in Statistics from T.D.B. college affiliated to Burdwan University, Raniganj (2006-09) 
     Higher secondary (+2) in science from Sonamukhi B.J. High School, Sonamukhi (2003-05) 
     Secondary from Sonamukhi B.J. High School, Sonamukhi (2002-03) 

 

Accolades: 
 

    Secured 21st rank at BHU entrance exam. 
       

Areas of Interest: 
    Big-Data analytics, Hadoop, Spark 

    Machine learning methodologies 
 

Hobbies: 
     Playing TT, Carom, Cricket 

 

 

Communication Skills: 
 

1.    English- Fluent 
2.    Hindi – Fluent 

 

Personal Details: 
 

Date of Birth 21st  Apr 1987 

Gender Male 

Nationality Indian 

 

Declaration: 
 

I, hereby, declare that all the information given above are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief and I am 
fully responsible for the correctness of it. 

 
Sincerely,  

Abhijit Kundu 


