
















































			

                                                   SHINDE VIVEK MADHUKAR

 - 8652038206/9769777470.
- vivekshinde882@gmail.com	

Reference: 

Emp Id: 748501
Emp Name: Sonam Shah

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

	Objective:			



	   To creatively use my skill and my potential in the best interest of the organization. To work in a challenging position in the field of IT industry and contribute to the growth and development of these fields through my skill also simultaneously expand my knowledge and capabilities to achieve respectable position. 


	Experience:




· Working QuantumLink Communications Pvt Ltd. as Tester since 1 year and 7 months.

· Worked at Aarav Software Services as Associate Consultant for 6 months.


	Educational Qualification:




	Qualification
	Name of School and College
	Year Of Passing
	Percentage

	T.Y. BSc. (CS)



	Kirti College,Dadar
	     2015
	55.00%

	HSC
	Kirti College,Dadar
	     2012
	60.00%

	SSC
	Sainath School, Ghatkopar
	      2010
	85.45%














	Professional Education:



· Professional Software Testing Specialist(PSTS) course from SQUAD Infotech Pvt.Ltd. Mumbai 


	Technical Skills In Testing:


`
· Manual Testing: SDLC, STLC, Test Plan, Test Cases, Defect Life Cycle, Defect Report, Functional Testing, Non-Functional Testing, Change Related Testing
   

	Other Technical Skills:



· Programming Languages: Asp.Net, Html, CSS, Java
· Database: Sql Server, Oracle
· Operating System: Windows, Linux, Android
· Tools: Tarantula, Mantis


	Projects:



· MailDirect

Description: Combine the power of Email, SMS, and Voice to create a fantastic marketing campaign and target customers anywhere. Jump start your sales, inquiries, registrations, etc.; or newsletter subscriptions, discussion groups, product updates and the like to bring people to your stores, build awareness, improve your brand value, educate customers, and strengthen relationships.

Role: Tester

· FieldSense

· Description: FieldSense is a smart Sales Force Automation solution that goes well beyond just field and sales force tracking. The FieldSense mobile app allows your field and sales force to perform a range of routine activities like punching in and out of your attendance system

Role: Tester


· Visitor Management System

Description: Visitor Management System is web base application, provides visitor records with photo identity Proof. It is role base system. Visitor can take prior appointment for particular Department.

Role: Jr.Tester

· Prescription Writer

Description: Prescription Writer is web base application, in that patient can take prior appointment with confirmation message. Doctor use prescription pad as well as view all patient details. Generate bill in pdf format.

Role:Jr.Tester



· Metro Jaldhara

Description:Metro Jaldhara is web site for private organization. This organization give message like save water and save life. 
We create one admin panel for enter the data on web site

Role: Jr.Tester


	Achievements:


	
· Deploy VMS application on client side and give demo on that
· Deploy Metro Jaldhara web site and give demo to client.


	Strengths:


	
· Ability to upgrade myself.
· Friendly, Polite & Patients.
· To handle challenging situations tactfully.
· To work under critical situation.


	Personal Details:




Fathers Name			:Shinde Madhukar Rajaram.

Date of Birth			: 19th October 1994

Nationality 			: Indian

Marital Status			: Un-Married

Languages Known		: English, Hindi and Marathi.

Interest and Activity 		: Listening to Music, Reading Books and Social Work.	

Address                                : Room No.147/4, Nari Seva Sadan Road, Sunderbaug, Asalfa	                                   Village, Ghatkopar(W),Mumbai-400084.




	Declaration:



The above-mentioned details are correct and complete to the best of my knowledge.
Thanking in anticipation.

								
Place: 
										
Date:							(VIVEK M SHINDE)







	





