

















































GOURANG SHAH

Last Company – Advanced Hair Studio Pvt. Ltd.           Total Experience – 5 Years                                               
Last Designation – Finance Controller                              Last CTC – 7.40 Lacs P.A. 
Qualification – Chartered Accountant                              Expected CTC – As per Company Policy
Notice Period – 1 Month



DISHANT R. SHAH
H/402, Shalligram Appt., Mallinath Flats, Rangsagar Derasar Road, Paldi, Ahmedabad - 380007
Phone: 9727264246; Email: dishantca@gmail.com


To,
Head-HR

Dear Sir / Madam

I am submitting herewith my resume for your perusal & favorable consideration for the post of a chartered accountant position in your company.

I am interested in working for an organization that will allow optimal use of my drive & expertise for professional benefit. Currently I am spearheading as an Operations Manager – Accounts & Taxation Department of Advanced Hair Studio Pvt. Ltd., Ahmedabad.

I am a highly personable, self-motivated and diligent individual with flexibility to adapt to new situations. My core competencies include Financial Management, Operational & Management Audits and Statutory Compliances, as well as verification of operational efficiency levels; evaluating internal control systems with exposure of recommending necessary suggestions to improve internal controls of clients.

I am an innovative thinker who believes in applying analysis & creativity to problem solving. I am a self-motivated & diligent individual, able to adapt to continually changing environments & situations, constantly updating myself with fresh training. Accented with the latest trends & techniques of the field, I have an inborn quantitative aptitude & am determined to carve a successful & satisfying career.

Driven by passion & competence, I am confident of making visible contribution to your organization’s growth.

A tour through my enclosed resume shall take you through the details of my credentials where you would find a perfect fit for the job. I would greatly appreciate being given an opportunity for a personal interview. 


Thanking you

Yours sincerely

Dishant Shah






DISHANT R. SHAH
H/402, Shalligram Appt., Mallinath Flats, Rangsagar Derasar Road, Paldi, Ahmedabad - 380007
Phone: 9727264246; Email: dishantca@gmail.com

CHARTERED ACCOUNTANT
Seeking assignments across the industry, for a challenging career encompassing professional & personal development

PROFILE 

· Qualified Chartered Accountant from prestigious Institute from ICAI determined to carve a niche in Accounts and Finance with expertise in understanding the Business, Finance and Technologies of various Companies.
· Gained exposure in preparation and presentation of Financial Statements like Trading Account, Profit & Loss Account, Balance sheet and accompanying schedules by finalizing accounts of various corporate & non-corporate entities
· Adapt in conducting audits; verification of operational efficiency levels; evaluating internal control systems with exposure of recommending necessary suggestions to improve internal controls of clients.
· Sound knowledge of compliances under Companies Act, Indian Accounting Standards, E – TDS, Income Tax Act, Sales Tax & Related Acts; thorough understanding of various Corporate and Economic Laws, Securities Law & Corporate Governance Norms etc. Captivated with Tax Audits u/s44AB of the Income Tax Act, 1961.
· Proven ability in Improving Operations, Enhancing Business Growth & Maximizing Profits through the achievements in Finance, Accounting, Product Costing, Internal controls, Formulating SOPs (Standard Operating Procedures) &Policies, and Productivity Improvements


	COMPETENCIES
	KEY DELIVERABLES

	High Performance
Quick Learner
Eye for Detail
	· Value Creation with Sustainability.
· Functional Planning, Project Management and Capital Budgeting within the context of Company’s Business Strategies.
· Ability to prioritize task and consistently meeting deadlines.




PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

ADVANCED HAIR STUDIO PVT. LTD., AHMEDABAD							June 2015– Till Date
Operations Manager –Accounts & Taxation Department

· Responsible for preparation and interpretation of MIS Reports to Management.
· Leading Budgeting & Forecasting exercise of the company.
· Strategic Planning and Long Range Financial Plans.
· Funds Analysis and Cash Flow Analysis.
· Reviewing Standard Costing and Various Costing variances.
· Process Mapping & Internal Controls Review.
· Coordinating with various Internal, Statutory, and Excise & Income-Tax Auditors.





· Transfer Pricing Audit for the International and Domestic Transactions (Sec.92 of Income tax Act, 1962).
· Assisting in company formation structure for newly formed companies
· Analyze Accounting Transactions Such as Trial Balance, and Other Related Accounts.
· Responsible for Legal/Statutory Matters
· Liason with Banks
· Maintaining strong internal control in order to ensure that operations within the internal department are smooth and training staff are adopting true and fair practices to run their departments

KEY ACHIEVMENTS

· Ability to work independently as well as in team.
· Ability to prioritize, works on multiple assignments, and manages ambiguities.
· Motivated self-starter with an aptitude for learning new skills quickly.
· People-oriented, goal-directed, problem solver, creative, Leadership ability and a quick thinker.


ANTILA LIFESCIENCES PVT. LTD., AHMEDABAD							Feb 2013– June 2015
Operations Manager –Accounts & Taxation Department

· Ensuring the maintenance of general and subsidiary ledgers, accounts receivable, accounts payable, depreciation, assets, and operating expenses, and insurance records etc
· Preparing varied VAT,TDS, and Service Tax returns
· Responsible for preparation and interpretation of Monthly Management Accounts, Annual Final Accounts
· Fixed Assets Management, Depreciation Calculation & maintenance of Fixed Assets Register.
· Coordinating with various Internal, Statutory, and Excise & Income-Tax Auditors.
· Providing assistance to franchise owned offices and looking into their operations to ensure that all the processes are completely system driven and that there is enough means to leverage the structural functioning of the organisation


KEY ACHIEVMENTS

· Implementation of Accounting Standards which were not followed by the company.
· Successfully negotiated term loan with Bank for Capex Expenditure at competitive rate
· Improvising the Documentation procedure for Export related bills.
· Critically reviewed debtors ageing and effectively recovered long outstanding over more than 120 days

NSI INFINIUM GLOBAL PVT. LTD., AHMEDABAD						          Aug 2011 – March 2012
Account Executive–Accounts Department

· Handling Rental Department.
· Handling Rental agreements checking & proceed for the payments.
· Exposure to VAT laws, practice and procedures as well as TDS issues.









DINESH R. THAKKAR & CO - CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS, AHMEDABAD				Aug 2008 – Aug 2011
Article Assistant

· Conducted audits to express an opinion on the client’s financial statements as per Indian GAAP. This includes preparing audit reports with a view to highlight shortcomings and offer necessary recommendations. Successfully handled more than 15 company’s audit assignments.
· Responsible for compliance work/ issues related to E – Returns, Individual Returns, TDS encompassing  VAT Audit and filing of VAT and Income Tax return
· Analyzed financial statements including notes to accounts; identified risks relating to financial reporting & performed relevant audit procedures
· Undertook Statutory Audit, Bank Audit, Tax Audit 
· Responsible for the physical stock take, timely calculation and Deposit of TDS
· Credential of being a part of audit team for conducting statutory audit of 3 branches of State Bank of India.  
· Established healthy business relations with clients & external associates for securing repeat business & long term customer loyalty and worked towards solving their queries and complaints efficiently


EDUCATIONAL CREDENTIALS

	Sr.
No.
	Name
of
Examination
	Month &
Year of
Passing
	Board/
University/
Institute
	Marks
Obtained

	
	
	
	
	In Total
	In %

	1
	C.A. FINAL
(Group- 2)
	May-2013
	ICAI
	239 / 400
	59.75

	2
	C.A. FINAL
 (Group- 1)
	Nov-2012
	ICAI
	222 / 400
	55.50

	3
	C.A. P.E. - II
(Group- 1)
	May-2008
	ICAI
	157/ 300
	52.33

	4
	C.A. P.E.- II
(Group- 2)
	May-2007
	ICAI
	169 / 300
	56.33

	5
	C.A. P.E. - I
	May-2005
	ICAI
	235 / 400
	58.67

	6
	First L.L.B.
	Nov-2008
	Gujarat
University
	488 / 900
	54.22

	7
	Second L.L.B.
	Oct - 2009
	Gujarat
University
	487 / 900
	54.11

	8
	T.Y B.COM
(R.J.Tibrewal College)
	March-2006
	Gujarat
University 
	563 / 900
	62.55

	9
	H.S.C.
	March-2003
	GSHSEB
	452 / 600
	75.33

	10
	S.S.C.
	March-2001
	GSEB
	557/ 700
	79.57






Technical Skills
	Packages
	MS Office & Access

	Accounting Package
	Tally & Monitor Plus

	Operating System
	Windows

	
	


Professional Trainings Undergone
· Completed 15 days course on General Management & Communication skills (GMCS) conducted by ICAI
· Completed 100 hrs computer training from ICAI institute as a part of ICAI curriculum



Extra Curricular Activities: Actively participated in Skating competitions at School level.
Date of Birth: 14/05/1985
Language Proficiency: English, Hindi and Gujarati
References: Available on Request

Other References & Documents available on request	
