













































Curriculum Vitae


 
 

Curriculum Vitae  
 
 
 

Name : - PARMITA GURUNG 
 

Mobile: +91 8521630416 
Email-ID: - gurungparmita92@gmail.com 

 
 

Career Objective 

 
To secure a challenging position in the organization that offers challenge and opportunity for my career 

development and at the same time serve the organization to the best of my capabilities. I would like to gain 

new skills and I am confident that I can help your firm achieving its objectives. 

 

Organizational Experience 

 
Presently Working In Tata Steel Limited (Tubes Division, Jamshedpur)  As A Procare Executive From 
December 2017 Till Date Under Randstad Payroll. 
 

Professional Synopsis 

 
 

 Certified in SAP-MM  Module , From Institute Of Computer Accountants  

 Pursuing Company Secretary from Institute Of Company Secretaries of India. 

 

My Roles & Responsibilities 

 Creation of Purchase Requisition (ME51N) & Purchase Order (ME21N). 

 Creation of Stock Transfer Purchase Order for All Plants. 

 Making Stock & Others Reports On Monthly Basis, as on Requirement. 

 Solving Purchase Related Issues of MIGO & MIRO i.e. Wrong Entry of Bill No, Bill Date, Quantity-
Cancel MIGO & MIRO. 

 Solving different Types of Issues, for All Plants, related to SAP MM. 

 Execution of different Types of Reports, with Selected Layouts, as per Requirement etc. 

 Material Binning and posting location (YIMM02A) 
 Follow up with vendor for timely submission of quotation / cost breakup / timely delivery and 

negotiation. 

 Goods receipts, goods issues, transfer posting, cancellation through MIGO. 

 Keep Record of Pending Material Reservation & Emergency Issue. 

 Daily Inventory / Fast Moving / Critical / Safety & PPE’s Report of All Plants. 

 Raise Release Order / Material Reservation / Purchase Requisition. 

 Send Invoice to Accounts for Payment with all the Mandatory Checklist according to GST ACT. 

 Pending Bills and GRN Report. 

 Stock availability Check of All items ( YI03) 

 Report of PR to PO lead time. 

 To sort Payment related queries of Parties (FBL1N). 

 Maintain Material Tracker Register. 
 

 

 

 
 

 

 



 

Educational Credentials 

 
 ICSE from Delhi Board in 2009. 

 ISC from Delhi Board in 2011. 

 B.Com from University Of Mumbai in 2014 Specialized in Accounting. 

              

Computer Skills 

 

 ERP Package  : SAP R/3 – Module Specialization - Materials Management. 

 Accounting Package : Tally ERP-9 

 Application   : MS-Office. 

Other relevant information 

 
Father’s Name    : Kiran Gurung 
 
Sex     : Female 
 
Religion    : Hindu 
 
Date of Birth    : 21.08.1992 
 
Contact Address   : Q-no /L4, Cross Road No 19, 
       Sidhgora, Jamshedpur. 
                                                                    
 
Proficiency in Languages  : English, Hindi & Nepali. 
 
Hobbies / Interests   : Photography & Travelling 
 
 
 
 

Declaration 

 
I hereby declare that all the above information given by me is true to the best of my knowledge. 

 
 

          
 
 
Date :         Parmita Gurung 
 
Place : Jamshedpur                                                                                   
  


