














































Curriculum Vitae 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

AREER OBJECTIVE 

CAREER OBJECTIVE 

 

To pursue a dynamic and challenging career in finance sector through securing a finance 
and accounting position which gives boost to my professional career in terms of expertise, 
socio-economic development by allowing me to share  breadth of my  knowledge and 
experience ensuring mutual employee – employer growth and success. 

 
 

 
SKILL SET 

 
PROFILE SNAPSHOT 

 

 Financial Control / Analysis  

 

Accounts Management  

 

Financial Planning and Analysis 

  

Payroll Accounting 

  

Finance  

 

Accounting and Administration 

  

Cash Management  

 

Bank  Reconciliation  

 

Technical Skill 

 

 
 

 

 7 years of experience in Financial 
Accounting, Planning & Reporting. 

 Experience in entire gamut of accounting 
& finance operations entailing 

preparation & maintenance of statutory 

books of accounts and administering the 

finalisation of year-end financial 

statements. 

 Track record of overseeing financial 
statements including trial balance, bank 

reconciliation reports, profit &loss 

account, age-wise accounts payables& 

receivables statements and balance sheets 

and various periodic analysis reports to 

the management 

 Exposure in monitoring cash flows and 
ensuring that funds are arranged in the 

most cost effective manner after 

projecting accurate cash forecast ensuring 

that there is no shortage of cash in hand 

in small-mid size organisation. 

 Gained exposure in payroll accounting, 
preparation and filing of quarterly TDS 

returns (salary & Non-salary), Individual 

Tax Returns, monthly/quarterly GST , 

sales tax and service tax returns(including  

issue of statutory forms and assisting in 
filing TRAN-1 of GST). 

 Monika Balotia Sharma  
Add: A-59, Jai Bhawani Housing Society  
Phase-1, Gulmohar, Bhopal (M.P.)                                                                                                            
Mob.: 7869718069  
E-mail -Id: balotiamonica@gmail.com 
 
                                                                                                                                                                    

 

 

mailto:balotiamonica@gmail.com


 Gained exposure in ROC related work i.e. 
incorporation of company and LLP, 

annual filing of returns, issue of DIN etc. 

 Gained exposure in Internal audit of 
educational society and internal control 

procedure, conducting statutory audits of 

various companies and tax audit of 

partnership firm’s accounts. 

 Demonstrated excellence in ensuring 
compliance with applicable policies and 

regulations. 

 Effective leader with excellent 
motivational skills to sustain growth 

momentum while motivating peak 

individual performances. 

 Technical Working experience of SAP 
,Tally-ERP, MS-office. 

 Exposure in verification and processing 
timely payment to vendors along with 

keeping track of ageing as per agreed 

financial policies and procedures. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
EXPERIENCE 

 
 
 
CA INTERNSHIP (Article ship): 
 

Has undergone 3.5 years of intensive training  under the supervision of CA. Vivek Tiwary. 

The   major exposure and skill gained during training period are: 

 
Exposure in F&A, Taxation and Audit: 

  
 Preparation of financial statements i.e. Balance sheet, P&L and the accompanying 

schedules.  

 Scrutiny of various ledgers cash book, bank book, journal, BRS.   
 Cash and Bank vouching, purchase and sales ledgers.   
 Checking of fixed assets registers and depreciation there on.  

 Checking the applicability of accounting standards and companies act provisions.  

 Physical verification of cash, security items, stock and related records.   
 Making and filing returns of non- corporate clients, TDS returns.   
 Computation and Preparation of monthly/ quarterly sales tax returns.  

 Internal audit of various schools and colleges and checking of internal control 
procedures.  



 Conducted tax audit of small partnership firms. 
 

 

EMPLOYMENT DETAILS: 

 

 Present Employment Details: 

Jan’2015 to till date with Vijay Sharma Advocates, Bhopal, Indirect Taxation 

 
Got exposure in MP & CG VAT and GST by working as GST team member for 
GST implementation in Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. 
 
 C- Forms & F Forms 
 Filing of Vat returns and Assessments.  
 GST Returns like Gstr1 , 3B, Tran 1. 

 

Further handled various tax related matter (Income Tax, Service Tax & MP VAT)before 

the tax authorities and assisted for cases filed before the Honourable Tribunal. 

 

 Past employment Details: 

 

Nov’2013 to till Dec’2014 with Ali Jain & Sharma, CA Firm, Bhopal, Accounts &  

Audit Officers. 

Key Result Areas: 
  
 Accountable for the ROC related work. 
 Computation and filing of tax returns (Income tax, Sales tax, Service tax & VAT) for 

timely completion of assessment and ensuring statutory compliance.  
 Preparing cash & fund flow statement, balance sheet, audit reports  and other financial 

reports to keep track of financial performance.  
 Monitoring preparation of statutory books of accounts, bank reconciliation and 

consolidated reports in compliance with time and accuracy norms.  
 Administering financial statements including trial balance, profit & loss accounts, age -

wise accounts payable & receivables statements and balance sheets. 
 Determining financial objectives and designing & implementing systems, policies & 

procedures to facilitate financial control, guiding preparation of cash flow & bank 
reconciliation statements. 

 Implementing systems, procedures for preparation & maintenance of statutory books of 
accounts & financial statements ensuring compliance with statutory requirements.  

 Study on GST 
 

 
Aug’2011 to July’2013 with Laxmi Tripti & Associates, CA Firm, Durg, Audit Assistant  

 
 

 Audit: Internal audit of companies (PSU also), partnership firms, educational 
institutions, Non profit organizations.  

 Statutory Audit of companies, partnership firms, educational institutions, proprietorship 
concerns.  

 
 
 



 
 
August’2010 to July’2011 with Pal Somani & Associates, CA Firm, Bhilai, Executive 
–Audit and Taxation  

 

 Preparation of financial statements i.e. Balance sheet, P&L and the accompanying 
schedules.  

 Scrutiny of various ledgers cash book, bank book, journal, BRS.   
 Cash and Bank vouching, purchase and sales ledgers.   
 Checking of fixed assets registers and depreciation there on.  

 Checking the applicability of accounting standards and companies act provisions.  

 Physical verification of cash, security items, stock and related records.   
 Accounting of small businesses  

 Internal audit of various schools and colleges and checking of internal control 
procedures.  

 Statutory Audits of partnership firms. 
 

 
 

EDUCATION: 
 
 

Qualification 

 

College/ University 

 

Year 

 

Result 

CA- Final The Institute of Chartered Accountant of India  NA Pursuing 

C.A- Inter The Institute of Chartered Accountant of India 2011 Pass 

M.Com St. Thomas college /PTRSU 2013 Pass 

B.Com St. Thomas college/ girls college/ PTRSU  2009 Pass 

XII Sri Sankara Vidyalaya /CBSE 2006 Pass 

X Maharishi Vidya Mandir/CBSE 2004 Pass 
 
 
 
KEY COMPETENCE: 

  
 Ambitious  

 Hardworking  

 Team leadership   
 Focused on achievement of targets   
 Flexible And Adaptable  
 
KKKKKKKKKKY COMPETENCIES & SKILLS KEY COMPETENCIES &  
 
ACHEIVEMENTS AND AWARDS: 

 Won 2
nd

 Prize in Debate competition in school in 2005.  
 Elected- School House captain in 2003.   
 Stood 2

nd
 in Yoga Competition district level.  

 Participated state level yoga competition.  

 Honoured with best performing article during article ship training.  



 
 
 
 
 
EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES:  
 

 Dancing and won various prizes in school.  

 Listening music.  

 Cooking.  
 

 

PERSONAL DETAILS: 

 

Spouse’s Name CA. Akshay Sharma 

Marital Status Married 

Date of Birth 23.01.1989 
Nationality Indian 

Gender Female  
Language Known English, Hindi (Writing & Speaking)  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


