













































Name                                        :                                 


PRASENJIT CHAKRABORTY

Summary                                :   A proficient IT and BPS Professional with 4.6 years of experience in
End user computing, Remote Desktop Support, “ServiceNow application”, “BMC Remedy ITSM” Tool. Knowledge in ITIL.
Age

                           :   26
Date of birth
                           :   07/09/1991

Address for communication  :  D-33 , Dakshini co-opt housing society, 

                                            Metropolitan area, E.M. Bypass,
                                            Canal south road,
                                            Kolkata: 700105
Mobile                                     :   9874240123
Email

                          :   pforprasenjit@gmail.com
Educational Qualification     :

	Year of passing
	Qualification
	Specialisation or Subjects
	School / College / University / Institute
	Total marks %/ CGPA
	Any other relevant information

	2007
	SSC / 10th 
	         All
	 W.B.B.S.E
	72.5%
	1st division

	2009
	HSC / 12th
	Physics, Chemistry,

Biology, Bengali,

English, Mathematics
	W.B.C.H.S.E
	64.0%
	1st division

	2013
	Graduation
	                B.Sc. (Chemistry,Zoology,Botany)
	Calcutta 

University
	50%
	


Computer skills                 : MS Outlook and other product troubleshooting, Citrix issue, Software installation 

                                              Via remote support tool like Bomgar, VPN, VPC, User management in active directory, 
                                              Internet explorer and Google chrome troubleshooting, File and folder, Network  

                                              Drive mapping, Printer and scanner troubleshooting, Java basic troubleshooting 

                                              Like exception adding and updating. Logging tickets in “ServiceNow application” and   

                                              “BMC Remedy ITSM” with proper documentation.
Certification                       :   ITIL ® Foundation in IT Service Management (completed in 2016)
      Work experience               : 
          (i) Capgemini India Pvt. Ltd.  (Duration - December 2014 to Present)
Project: Outokumpu service desk (Position: Problem coordinator)
Role: (i) Using business knowledge and commercial awareness to minimize the impact of any reported problems on the business.
(ii) Monitoring all resolver groups for performance within SLA and escalate where necessary if performance is not as expected.
(iii) Monitoring and driving the resolution of problems till closure.
(iv) Ensuring that resolving teams are meeting their obligations regarding updating of Problem Logs with progress to date.

(v) Ensuring that Root Cause Analysis (RCA) clearly articulated to our customers and that the RCA identifies the root cause in such a way that, once corrected, the issue will not occur again.
(vi) Ensuring that corrective and preventative actions assigned to others are completed and recommendations are followed up and escalating when required.
(vii) Ensuring that work around is followed up with complete resolution. 
(viii) Producing Problem Management statistical reporting in conjunction with the Service Reporting function.
Project: Group IT Service Desk (Position: Service desk analyst)
Role: (i) Level 1 service desk analyst for ITIL and ITSM based service desk 
(ii) Work distribution within team and queue monitoring on daily basis. Incident management follow up.
 (iii) Handling different type of issues, resetting password along with installing and troubleshooting software and applications of Capgemini & Sogeti and creating tickets in “ServiceNow application” and "Remedy ITSM" tool, communicating with users via email, phone and desktop sharing.

(iv) Providing resolution for all the issues relating to network devices like workstations, printers, Wi-Fi scanner, laptop, IOS and android device, VPN, VPC via Email, phone and remote support tool like Bomgar, Go to assist, SCCM remote.
(v) Taking decision of assigning tickets to the concerned team, where the issue requires their intervention and doing regular follow up with the users via email, call and chat.
Achievement           -   (a) Xtra Mile award of Q2 2015


        (b) I-sprint 2016 representative from service desk


        (c) Promoted from “software associate” to “software engineer” in 2016


        (d) Project star award of H2 2017
(ii) Wipro India Pvt. Ltd.  (Duration - May 2013 to August 2014)

Process: United Health Care
Position: Senior associate
Role: (i) PCRS queue. Health insurance claim processing specialist for USA.

(ii) Knowledge sharing and support within the team
(iii) Adjustment of claims. Handling overpayment, underpayment, denied claims.

(iv) Taking decision for paying interests to providers
(iii) Tata Consultancy Services (Duration - July 2012 to September 2012)

Process: EDFE
Position: Sap processing specialist
Role: (i) Processing electricity bill
         (ii) Handling billing error and creating final invoice for B2B customers
Hobbies / interests           :  Fish keeping
Marital status                    :  Unmarried
Languages known            :  English, Hindi, Bengali
Signature
                     :


