














































K.SEETHA LAKSHMI
F5, Vijaya Lakshmi flat,
Plot No13, 3rd Street,
Mahalakshmi nagar extension,
Madipakkam,
Chennai-600091
+91 7708239158




(: seethakrish15@yahoo.com
Objective 
Seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities in a challenging career with a long term prospect for developing managerial abilities, while being resourceful, innovative and flexible.
Summary of knowledge:
( Comprehensive knowledge of general ledger accounting and Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP).
( Familiar with financial reporting, budget preparation and financial analysis techniques.
( Possesses strong mathematical, calculation and analytical skills.
( Demonstrated ability to work in a team environment with strong attention to detail skills.

( Extensive knowledge
 of SAP ( PR1 – PRODUCTION FICO )
( 
Good knowledge in MS-Word, Power point and MS Excel Logical functions and Macro.
( Possesses strong communication skills and the ability to organize tasks
( Skilled in handling multiple tasks with effective time management and task management skills
Work Experience 
(2 years working experience in Capgemini Business Services (India) Ltd 
Educational qualifications

· Master’s Degree in Finance, ITM Business School, Chennai, 2012

· Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration, AKD Dharma Raja women’s college, Rajapalayam, 2010
Responsibilities
( Receive different mode of payments and make a posting in SAP using various T-codes

( Follow up with collection team for remittance advices for Allocation of the payment posted on the customer account.
( Preparing payment proposal report on weekly/monthly/quarterly basis
( Maintain the Service level agreement (SLA) agreed with the Client on daily basis.

( Processing of customer invoice
( Mis-Application (FBRA) and Error log file maintained and errors rectified on the same day 
( Participate in the weekly Conference call with the client process 
( Supporting month end activities like reconciliation statement and balance sheet preparation(
(Process Training given to the New Process Joiners
(.Daily transaction activities like transfer the payment , Invoice processing and reverse the wrong    
    Payment.

Achievements/Projects
· Spot Award Winner for the month of May 2013.
· Best performer Award Winner for month of March, April and August 2014.

Personal details

Date of Birth

: 25th May 1989
Permanent Address
: F5, Vijayalakshmi flat
3rd street, Plot No13, 3rd Street,
Mahalakshmi nagar extension,
Madipakkam
Chennai-600091.
Marital status

: Married
Language known
: English and Tamil.
Declaration
I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is correct to the best of my Knowledge.
Place:Chennai

Date: 








(K.SEETHALAKSHMI)
