










































CURRICULUM VITAE

CURRICULUM VITAE

         Hema.R                                                

Tel No: +91 9945011819
Email: hemar_hema@yahoo.co.in
Career Objective:
To apply academic knowledge, professional experience and skills gained for the growth and development of the organization, which recognizes my talents and experience.

Key skill:
· Dynamic, achievement-focused leadership

· Ability to work well with individuals at all levels

Professional experiences:
Company:       Xchanging
Designation:   Subject Matter Expert
Department:   Accounts Payable and Receivable 2007 to 2008

 Reinsurance Technical Accounting 2008 till date
Period:            From 10th May 2007 to till date (5 years). 
Transition:     Transition of process (from UK) – Jun 2010 to Sep 2010
Organizational Profile: 
Xchanging is a totally integrated, global service delivery system that offers a complete array of IT and business process outsourcing services. These services are combined with a strong onshore presence in the client’s home country and the expertise in knowledge based processing to take outsourcing to a new level of efficiency and quality improvement.

Work Experience:

· Generate reports on daily, weekly and monthly basis without breaching SLA of the team.

· Handling various client portfolios which include Europe, Japan, Canada Caribbean, Latin America

and Australia countries business.

· Reconciliation of client ledger with our books.  

· Payment of funds between clients and their reinsurer.

· Send e-mails to respective clients via lotus database along with their updated positions on their policies.

· Constant interaction with the Clients directly through e-mails and weekly calls with onshore counterparts.

· Efficiently answering queries from clients and underwriters.

· Process updates with reference to new legislation and technicalities to team on time.

· Handling Ad-hoc requests received from the client.

· Endeavour and maintain service delivery to agreed standards for a portfolio of accounts.

· Dealing with the relevant people at division for their assistance in relevant issues.
· Ensure all remittance from the client is properly allocated and the relevant people in the division are
informed.
Additional Responsibility:

· Conducting training programs with respect to the process.

· To do the Quality Check for the team and ensure quality standards are met in day-to-day operational activities.

· Imparting training and knowledge to colleagues, trainees and new recruits in the team.
· Query resolving for the team.

· Upgrading team on the process changes.
Academic Credentials:
Qualification:

	Standard/ Degree
	School/Institution
	Board/University 

	Percentage

	Bachelor's Degree in Science
	Sri Jagad Guru Renuka College
	Bangalore University
	71%

	Pre-University college (12th)
	Bangalore Mahanagara Palike Pre-University College                                                                                                                                                                                               
	Bangalore University
	54%

	Secondary Education (10th)
	B.S.A.P Girls high School
	Karnataka secondary education examination board
	61%


Awards\Membership:
· Active member of organizing committee and Ideas Academy committee.

· Best good going award for the 4th quarter 2009
Technical Skill:

Excel, MS Word

Personal Details:
Contact Address
: No: 26, 1st Main Shreyas Colony, Gawrava Nagar, Near Kanishka Diagnostic centre, J.P.Nagar 7th Phase, Bangalore 560078
Date of Birth


: 25th January 1978
Marital Status


: Married
PassPort No


: F9151482
Languages Known 

: English, Hindi and Kannada
DATE:

PLACE:                                                                                                                                                   (Hema.R )



