




















































Sagar B. Patmas
Email: patmas.sagar@gmail.com
Contact No: 09595702150
  CAREER OBJECTIVE:
	
	I want to grow with the organization which will take full use of my hardworking nature, determination, dedication and innovative ideas, which would also give me a chance to improve my skills and provide motivated environment with good growth inputs and to acquire skill and knowledge to proceed towards my goals, professionally and personally.

Academic Qualifications:

	S.N.

	Name Of Course
	Board/Institute
	Year of Passing
	Percentage

	1
	B.E (Mechanical)
	Solapur University

	2014
	60.00%.

	2
	H.S.C.
	PUNE  Board

	2008
	67.33%.

	3
	S.S.C.
	PUNE  Board

	2006
	68.53%.







WORK EXPERIENCES :

Company     : CBSI India Pvt Ltd Bangalore.			                        (27 March 2017 to present)
Client           : Atos India Pvt Ltd. Pune.
Designation  : IT Service Desk Executive 
Project Name: NESSIE (German Project)


 Roles and Responsibilities:

· To provide first level support through calls and handling the resulting incidents or Service Requests, using the incident management and request fulfillment processes, in line with Service Desk objectives.
· To monitor mails of GMIN in outlook continuously, to work on tickets Incident/Change, to change the status of tickets.
· to work on SAP tool, SDM tool, Salesforce Application (CRM), SharePoint application, to monitor daily activities in SAP tool, to do daily UK reports by running various T-codes in SAP tool.
· To create respective tickets for various issues and solve requestor’s issues by giving them solutions, to give various accesses to requestors/ Global end User like salesforce/wave access, I-grasp access for recruitment roles, SharePoint access.
· Anticipate issues/conflicts and proactively escalate to immediate teams which handle particular issues.
· Adherence to the SLA’s – productivity, turn-around-time, and accuracy for the processes.


Company         : Pratap Technocrats Pvt. Ltd,PUNE	                              (07 Oct 2015 To 25 Mar 2017)
Client               : Reliance Communication
Designation    : Operation & Maintenance Customer Representative  
		                                                                                                    
Project Name: 1. HUAWEI Application Support.
                            2. Operational support and Analysis (OSA).
                            3. Monitoring Reliance Communication Network.


Roles and Responsibilities:
 
· Performing Incident Management and Problem Management.
· Working on Network Analysis Reports & Workforce Management (WFM) Software.
· Working on HUAWEI monitoring tools like U2000, M2000 &WFM Ticket Portal.
· Monitoring network maintenance activity & ensuring prompt troubleshooting of N/W problems, to achieve maximum N/W uptime.
· Troubleshooting for Incidents and Services for Service Request Problems reported by users and timely update in the ticket logging tool.
· Root cause analysis process for problem leading to strategic resolution with ITIL system.
· Creation of Trouble Ticket, Service Ticket and Work Order for Field related issue.
· To ensure Security is Implemented and maintained in accordance with Security and Risk management directives of the Organization.



TECHNICAL Skills:

    Database   : SAP tool, SDM 12.9 tool, Salesforce Application, HUAWEI Monitoring tools U2000 & M2000,                Work Flow Management (WFM Portal).

    Other Tools: MS Office, MS Excel, MS Word, MS PowerPoint, Outlook.

    Operating System: Windows 98/XP, 7, 8. 

Extra Curricular Activities & Achievements:
· Participated in “National Level Paper presentation” on “Gear System” at WITCHAR in W.I.T Solapur.
· Participated in “National Level Automobile Competition” at ORCHITECH’14 in Orchid College.
· Actively participated in various Paper presentation and Poster Presentation Competitions.








Personal Information:
 Date of Birth                     	:  06th Dec 1990.
 Language Proficiency       	:  English, Hindi, Marathi.
 Marital Status             	:  Single
 Permanent Address                :  Shivajinagar, Vairag, Tal-Barshi, Dist-Solapur, 413402
	                                            
 Current Address                     :  BhekraiNagar, Hadpsar, Pune 411028.
 Hobbies                             	:  Visiting new places, Listening Music.

 Declaration:
	I hereby declare that the information in this document is accurate and true to the best of my knowledge								
								                
 Date:	                                                                                                                                            Signature	
 Place: Pune.								                                
                                                                                                                                                 Sagar B. Patmas
