






















































Anil Ramesh Rane

RESUME
C-3 Triratna CHS, plot no – 222, Gorai – 2, Nr Shivneri Building, Borivali (West), Mumbai: 400092
Mobile: 9619750173
Email:  raneanil25@gmail.com


Career Objective:
A Self-motivated, smart working and responsible person. I am punctual, reliable and willing to learn. With a good basic education, I enjoy meeting challenges and seeing them through, while remaining confident and optimistic. I will be happy to work both as part of a team and on own initiative.


Personal Information:
Date of Birth                        :           25th August 1985

Marital Status                      :           Single

Nationality                           :           Indian

Languages Known               :           English, Hindi & Marathi.

Education Qualification:
 Bachelor’s Degree in Commerce from Mumbai University in the year 2007 – 2008.
 Higher Secondary Certificate (H.S.C) from Mumbai Board Passed in the year 2004 – 2005.
 Secondary School Certificate (S.S.C.) from Mumbai Board Passed in the year 2002 – 2003.


Work Experience:

Working with SMS Taxicabs Pvt. Ltd.

1. (Saathi Relationship Executive) Since February, 2012 – April, 2014
Role and Responsibility:
 Training new joiners and successfully getting them certified.
 Conducting briefings for the team to keep them updated.
 Assisting the team with their queries.
 Handling escalation calls.
 Joined in as Executive and handled inbound calls & provided solution.


2. (Senior Executive to Relationship Manager/ TL) Since April, 2014.
Role and Responsibility:

 Planning, training & giving daily update to RM’s for increasing on road subscriber count.

 Planning & making various incentive schemes for RM’s as well as for subscribers.

 Coordinate with various departments & escalate issues whenever required Co-coordinating with Deployment & Maintenance team to ensure timely deployment of trained Subscribers.

 Supervised and train subordinates on a daily basis. Making Roster & attendance Regularization.
Worked with Serco India Pvt. Ltd (BPO), Borivali (Customer Service Executive) since Oct’08 – Nov’10

Role and Responsibility:

 Making outbound calls and collecting feedback on the products



Key Skills:

Problem solving, strong customer service, excellent telephonic manner, self-motivation and ability to take the imitative, I.T. skills are including experience in Microsoft office (Word, PowerPoint, Excel), punctuality and time keeping, teamwork skill.

Interested & Hobbies:

Making Friends, Listening Music and Learning knowledgeable thing from other.



I do hereby declare that the above information is true and best of my knowledge and belief; I hope that you will consider my application sympathetically and offer me a chance to serve you. I sure that I will discharge my duties entrusted to me with entire satisfaction of my superiors.





Date            :
Place           :        Mumbai





(Anil Ramesh Rane)
