














































 

 

Surya Claris Baby 
Kuravilangad, Kottayam, Kerala, India, 686633  

Mob: (91) 9048820190  
E-Mail:  claris.surya@gmail.com 

 
CAREER OBJECTIVE               

In search of a challenging job position as an automation test engineer in a well-reputed institution, where my 

automation skills and overall experience could be judged and tested efficiently. Wish to be a part of a growing 
organization, and prove an asset to them. 
 

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY   

 2.9 Years of industry experience in the area of Software Testing (Manual and Automation) with a solid 
understanding of Test Planning, Test Design, Test Execution and Defect Reporting & Tracking. 

 Expertise in Understanding and Analyzing Test Requirements, Tracking changes and maintenance of Test 

Requirements.   

 Expertise in both Agile and SDLC testing life cycle. 

 Expertise in requirements study, review, analysis, tracking and coverage. 

 Hands On experience on Android and iOS Smartphone/Tablet devices. 

 Knowledge in developing Selenium- TestNG based Automation. 

 Experience in Automating Mobile Application (Android ) Testing using Calabash and Cucumber 
Framework 

 Involvement in Test Estimations and Test strategy implementation. 

 Proficient in all the artifacts of testing such as Test Scenarios, Test Cases, Defect Reports and Test 
Summary Report 

 Knowledge in Espresso with Cucumber framework 

 Self-motivated, energetic and highly ethical in all work related assignments thus able to immediately 
contribute to corporate goals and objects 

 Good written, communication, interpersonal skills, proven team player with an analytical mind bent to 

problem solving and delivering solutions. 
 

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS   

 

Qualification Year of passing 

MCA (M.G University Kottayam) 2014 

BCA (M.G University Kottayam) 2011 

12th (Board of Secondary School Education, Kerala) 2008 

10th (Board of Secondary School Education, Kerala) 2006 

 

 
 
 

 

 

 

 



 

 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE   

 Currently working as a Senior Test Engineer with Infosys Ltd, Trivandrum, since October 2014 to till date. 
 

SOFTWARE SKILLS   

 Operating systems       : Windows 7, Windows 8, Mac OS 

 Languages                  : Java, C++, PHP 

 Automated Testing Tools : Selenium, Calabash, Espresso 

 Automation frameworks   : Cucumber 

 Test management Tools    : JIRA 

 Version Control System   : GITHub 

 CI Tools                            : Jenkins 
 

CAREER HIGHLIGHTS   

 Got several appreciation comments and mails from my managers and onsite folks for the improvisations and 

work which I committed and lead up to completion. 

 Was able to scale up to situations in absence of my senior team members so as to stick to daily work 
deadlines thereby without affecting the team productivity.  

 Effectively mentored all the new resources inducted into my teams, who are in billable slots now. 

 

 

PROJECTS PROFILE   

 

PROJECT TYPE Projects 

Client Norstrom 
Duration 2.5 Year 
Role Systems engineer 

Technology and Tools CoreMetrics, Jira, Calabash, Slack, Postman, Splunk 
Environment Android Mobile/Web Application 

 
 Manual Testing Tasks Handled:  

 Understand the test plan, Develop test cases for modules. 

 Execution of test cases as per the test execution plan. 

 Raising and tracking of defects on defect management tool. 

 Prepared test suite for Regression, Smoke and Sanity testing. 

 Performed Functional, Smoke, Sanity, Regression testing. 

 Preparation of daily status report along with issues/blockers found. 

 Attending discussion/meetings with team regarding defect analysis/test execution/test scripting. 
 
 
 Mobile Automation Tasks Handled:  

 Involved in Test data identification, Analyzing the requirements from the client and preparing test 
scenarios. 

 Feasibility Analysis and estimation for automation. 

 Automated 70% of the QA regression suite with effective value ads to the client. 

 Execution, debugging and maintenance of scripts. 

 Logging Defects in the JIRA and follow up to closure. 



 

 

 Report analysis of passed and failed test cases against the requirements. 

 Code fix in case the script fails due to changed requirement, to improve the efficiency in identifying 
the number of valid defects. 

 Release wise code management in version control system – GIT hub repository. 

 Prepared and sent daily reports – test execution report and bug report to management. 
 

 
 

PROFESSIONAL DETAILS: 

 Current location     : Trivandrum 

 Notice Period         : 3 months 

 Current Company  : Infosys Ltd 

 

PERSONAL DETAILS: 

 Date of Birth        : 22nd  June,1991 

 Nationality              : Indian 

 Languages Known: English and Malayalam 

 

DECLARATION 

I hereby declare that the above furnished information is true to best of my knowledge and belief. 

Date :   

Place: Kuravilangad Surya Claris Baby 
 


