










































Name : Ankita Dubey.  
Email Id : ankitadubey174@gmail.com  
Contact No  : +917406403508/ +919739469168  

 
 

Career Objective :  

 

• To constantly upgrade my competency and to succeed in an environment of 

growth and excellence to meet personal and organizational goals.  
 

Summary :  
 

• Currently working as a Specialist, MI and Conventional Claims in Ocwen 

Financial Solutions Private Limited from May 2015. 

• The Conventional /Agency claims  handles GSE Mortgages which have 

gone through a disposition post delinquency. 

• These dispositions (Fore closure sale, Deed in lieu , Short sale, Third party 

Take out or Charge off) are the triggers for an advance reimbursement claim 

to be filed with the investors- GSE (Fannie Mae). 

• Responsible for filing reimbursement claims to GSE accurately and timely 

so that advances are reimbursed to Ocwen and not turn into losses or write 

off. 

• The scope also covers performing loan level GL (General Ledger) 

reconciliations, providing posting instructions for payments received from 

investors and prior servicers, as well as tracking denied claims.  

 
  

 

Technical Proficiency :  
 

 

Applications LPS ,Real Servicing, VMS, Real Trans, AMN, Core Logic, Vault, 

 NETR, Home Tracker, Data watch 
  

Operating System Windows, 
  

Database Microsoft Access 
  

Software Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint 
   
 
 
 
 
  

mailto:ankitadubey174@gmail.com


        Work Experience : 
    

Experience May, 2015 to Present 
 

Client Fannie Mae 
 

  Responsibilities • Construct escrow, corporate and NBB (Non Borrower Billable)    
advance history of the loan utilizing and researching data from  

Real Servicing, Stage5, Vault documents, prior servicer  

applications or other sources as applicable. 

• Reconcile advance transaction history against outstanding 
advance balances in the applicable receivables GLs (General 

Ledger Accounts). 

• Analyze and identify the advance transactions reimbursable by 
the investor according to GSE guidelines. 

•  Source all required documentation from Vault, prior servicer 
systems or other sources available. If documentation is not 

received via any system, reach out to CAIR team or the BUs and 

prior servicer where applicable, who incurred the expense to get 

the documentation. 

• Keep track of such documentation requests and escalate to 
management in cases of non-availability of documents and 

subsequent risk of claim denial.        

•  File the claim on the investor portal with sufficient 
documentation and   information as required by the GSE 

guidelines. 

•  Process denied claims and submit supplemental claims to 
GSEs/OMS as applicable after researching the denial reason and 

investor guidelines with compelling reasons.     

• If no recourses remain to get reimbursed by the investor, prepare 
loss claims to be submitted for loss analysis. 

 

 
 

  
 

  
 

  
 

  
 

  
 

  
 

  
 



 
Academic Information :  

 

 

Year Examination Board Institution Percentage 

2011-2014 B.Com Calcutta The Bhawanipur Education 56% 

 (Hons) University Society College  

2010-2011 HSC I.S.C Kerala Samajam  Model 84% 

   School, Jamshedpur  

2008-2009 SSC I.C.S.E Kerala Samajam Model 89.6% 

   School, Jamshedpur   
 

 

Co-Curricular Activities : 
 

 

• Secured Second Prize in Interschool Poem Writing Competition 

• Participated in cultural activities in school 

• Previous member of dramatics and dance club in school 

• Participated in literary events in school 

• Hobbies include reading books, listening to music & cooking  
 
 
 

Personal Information :  
 

Date of Birth: 29
th

 May, 1993 
Language known : English, Hindi  

Current Address: 1
st

 B Cross, 7
th

 Block, Koramangala, Bengaluru 


