



















































ShaikhAsif	
Mob.9970780535
Email.shaikhasifyunus@gmail.com
Add: Flat No 6, Building No 2,
Jai society, Near Poona College,
Pune Camp, Pune 411 001					

Summary

· 1.8yearof experience with eClerx services Ltd as a Financial Analyst.
· Completed MBA with specialization in finance. 
· Working knowledge in derivative market, Syndication loan, Reconciliation, trade processing.

Work Experience

Organization:     eClerx Services Ltd, Pune.
Role:      	Financial Analyst
Duration:       Feb 2016 – Present.


Roles & Responsibilities:
· Cash reconciliation & reporting: Identifying & labeling deals, matching debits & credits flowing in system on T+1 basis also reconciliation of funds using different application.
· Processing syndication loan activities like – Repricing, Paydown, Borrows, Interest and rate change and Margin change for the same on receiving of Notices and booking in the system
· Processing of various Past dues, fees (LC, used, unused) Letter of credit issuance, renewal & payment
· Processing Manual General Ledger, Manual Cashflows and Zero share transactions in our system.
· Communicating with overseas DA’s (Deal Administrator) and agent banks for receiving notices & agreements.
· Transaction auditing& monitoring funds.
· Working on different banking tools LIQ, Matloc, WSO, Safecash, and QWEST.
· Assignment of work responsibilities among the team members





Certification:-

· MS CIT
· Tally9 (C-DAC)


Achievements:-

· Two times received spot award for outstanding performance.

Academic Record:-
Qualification: MASTER OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION (finance)
Institute: S.B. Patil Institute of Management, Nigdi, Pune 

	Course
	University / Board
	Year of Exam
	percentage

	MBA- Finance
	SavitribaiPhule Pune University
	
2013-2015
	68.77%

	B.B.A
	Amravati University
	March 2013
	61.05%

	H. S. C.
	Maharashtra Board
	March 2009
	64.17%

	S. S. C.
	Maharashtra Board
	March 2007
	69.53%




Project:-
Name of the Company: BULDANA URBAN CO-OPERATIVE CREDIT SOCIETY.BULDANA
Project Title: A Study ofLoan appraisal process in Buldana urban co-operative society with reference to selected case studies
Duration: 60days








Personal Details:-


Date of Birth		:  7 may 1991
Per Address                       : At Lakhanwada, Tq. Khamgaon
                                             Dist, Buldana, pin. 444 303
	Language Known	:  English, Hindi & Marathi, Urdu

Nationality		:  Indian

Marital Status		:  Single

Hobbies	    :  Reading Books, Travelling, Bike Riding, listening songs.

Strengths                          : Hardworking, honest, and able to work within tight                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
Schedules, self-motivated, team Work.
Extra Activities:-
· Organizational   : Actively participated in various school and college levelCompetitions

Declaration:-
I hereby declare that the particulars of information and facts stated herein above are true, correct and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief. 



Place 	: Pune							
Date	:                                                                                                                        ShaikhAsifShaikhYunus

