







































ARUNRAJ




 

Email Id: arun77rani@gmail.com
Mobile: +91-9606621306
Objective:

To work in an environment where I get a chance to gain knowledge which can be shared and enriched, where I can utilize my skills and expertise to the optimum towards achieving my goal.

Summary:

Having 4.3+ years experience in the IT Industry, specializing on the areas of Linux system administration and maintenance. 

Professional experience in field of Linux administration on various UNIX flavors such as Red hat Linux.

Possessing a positive attitude, good analytical and self motivating and able to adapt to any environment as per situation prerequisites.

Technical Qualifications:

Installation and configuration of Linux systems.

Creating and managing user accounts.

Creating and managing file systems and Quotas.

Installation of patches/packages. 

File permissions and assigning rights to users.

Scheduling/Controlling of jobs using cron and At.

Monitoring of various services running on Linux servers.

Knowledge on configuration of NFS, FTP, DNS, DHCP, SAMBA

Monitoring disk and file system usage.

Configuration of RAIDs and LVMs by adding new hard disks on existing Linux OS.

Backup and Restore activities.

Managing Apache (HTTP) server.

Professional Experience:


Company: Thinking Hats IT Solutions Pvt Ltd

Designation: System Administrator; Role: Linux Administrator

From: May 2014 to till date.

Company: Hivedroid Technologies

Designation: Consultant
From: Nov 2010 to Dec 2013.
 Strength & Benefits:

Patience, Optimistic person, Quick Learner, Knowledge sharing.

Team Work, Self – Motivation, Honest

Very good at handling issues for escalation case.

Skilled at providing Innovative solution, Ability to handle additional responsibilities

Technical Skills: 


Operating Systems


   : Red hat Linux 5, 6.

File System Management
   
   : RAID, Logical Volume Manager (LVM)


Network File Sharing Service
               : NFS, FTP and SAMBA Servers.

Roles & Responsibilities:
Linux Administration:

Roles and Responsibilities
Installation and configuration of Linux systems.

Supporting Linux servers 24/7.

General maintenance and performing daily health check on the servers.

User and Group Administration of creating, modifying and deleting users and groups 


and providing the security on user accounts and groups

Applying root permission to normal user by using sudo.

Trouble shooting on Disk Space issue.

Applying the skills on Reducing the log files and older files.

Checking the Dashboard for status of the tickets.

Managing of Putty Server from windows to Linux servers. 

Creating new file system, monitoring disk usage, administration and monitoring the disk based file system

Creating New Partitions and mounting on Linux.

Increasing the quotas as per user request.

Creating and increasing SWAP memory

Providing Temp Root Access to users on demand

Applying Access Control List (ACL’s) on the files in order to allow multiple users to access a particular file or directory in which they are having limited permissions Like Sticky Bit.

Scheduling jobs using Crontab and at jobs.

LVM Creation and Maintaining the LVM.

Create raid layout like raid 1 & raid 5.

Backup and Restore Management.

Responsible for documentation of Backup status reports.

Package management with RPMs & YUM management and Installing Third Party Software’s in Red hat Linux.

Installing and removing software packages & patches according to the requirement.

Services troubleshooting on Linux services.

Network Configuration and troubleshooting for Linux Servers.

Installation and configuration of file sharing servers (NFS, SAMBA and FTP).

Linux performs and support for FTP, DHCP, Squid, NFS, SAMBA Server and DNS Servers.

Remote login in to the servers by using the SSH.

Reboot the hosts by taking the permissions from the client.

Scheduling server and desktop backups.

Declaration:

I hereby declare that all information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Place: Bangalore                                                                                             Yours Sincerely








                             (Arunraj)

1

