


















































My Resume

	Rajam Vigneshwar

	Citizenship : India ▪ Date of birth : 16 Jan 1992


	
	Contact

Email :

 vignesh.rajyam@gmail.com    
Mobile No.

09885788923


	PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Total IT Experience: 

Accomplished an experience of 4.0 years in Enhancement, Maintenance and Support of enterprise wide applications and webpages  using Coldfusion and Oracle PLSQL.



	EDUCATION

Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science  Engineering  Technology from B.V.Raju Institute of Technology  (JNTUH University, Hyderabad) ,  during  2009 - 2013  with an aggregate of 74%.

     

	TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE

Programming Languages:       

DBMS:   

Operating System:

Other Skills

IDE

ColdFusion,Java Script,jQuery 
Oracle PLSQL, MS Access, MS SQL SERVER 2008

Windows XP/Vista, Windows 7.

Ms Excel 

Toad, Eclipse, Adobe ColdFusion Builder 2.2, Adobe Dreamweaver

     

	PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Working as Software Engineer with Evoke Technologies, Hyderabad from June 2016 to Present

Worked as Software Engineer Engineer with  Tech Mahindra Limited, Pune from August 2013 to June 2016.
JOB RESPONSIBILITIES

Ensuring that the code that goes into production is 100% bug-free.

Ensuring that all coding standards are met with.

Developed several tools.

Providing support in the testing and production phases of any projects that are rolled out of the offshore team.

Addressing queries regarding the software and extending onsite support to the clients including maintenance of software.

Preparing design documents.

Providing Suggestions and help to other team members and sharing knowledge in order to study entire business functionality.

Attending client calls and project status meetings with team members and client.



	ACHIEVEMENTS

“BEST TEAM AWARD”- Q3 ,FY 13-14

Award for Academic Excellence in Graduation in Year 2013


	PROJECTS

Virtual Project Management Office (VPMO):

Client: AT&T ,USA.

Company: Tech Mahindra Limited
Duration: Aug 2013 – June 2016
Environment: cold fusion , Oracle PLSQL

Team size: 6
Role: Developer

Description: VPMO is an internal tool of Project Portfolio Management for AT&T which is internally used by organization for planning and implementation of financial projects. It is designed to enable strategy execution and foster innovation across the organization. It enables AT&T to estimate cost involved in any of its new or on-going projects, as well as provides real-time visibility to the entire initiative and project execution lifecycle.Currently this application has more than 600 .cfm pages and 110 tables in database.
Highlights: 

Requirement gathering from client.

Creating mock-ups, technical design docs and getting those signed off from client prior development.

Analyzing ER Document.

Ensure development complete within the specified duration.

DBA activities required post deployment.

Post – development, unit and system testing.

Post deployment, fixing critical production issues.

CoolNet:

Client: Rita’s ICE.

Company: Evoke Technologies Pvt. Ltd
Duration: June 2016 – Present
Environment: ColdFusion 9,Oracle Plsql  and MS SQL SERVER 2008

Team size: 4
Role: SME
Description: CoolNet is an application used by Rita's Ice and its Franchisers to track the stores information ,sales , product feedback for better management.
Highlights: 

Analyzing the ticket, interacting with client/customer to understand the issue, providing solution to the customer, coding according to the requirement of the client, testing and delivering defect free webpages .and make sure the application is up and running all the time.

Oracle to MS Sql  2008 DB Migration
Having discussion with the client for gathering the requirements. Undertaking the development process including coding, self-testing and developing unit test cases.



	

	PERSONAL DETAILS

Date of Birth

:  16/01/1992
Father’s Name    
:  Rajam Vigneshwar
Nationality
        
:  Indian.

Languages

:  English, Hindi, Bengali, Telugu

Sex


:  Male

Marital Status

: Single

Passport availability
:  Yes

Notice Period    
:  60 days



	


