














































Neethu Syamala 
  

 #48/563A, Sopanam, Kochi, Kerala, 682026 |  +91-9446539502 |  Neethunair  
 neethunair@outlook.com  

 
S U M M A R Y  

 

Senior Test Engineer  
Testing | Quality Assurance 

 
Technically motivated, diligent and practiced Engineer having 3 years’ experience with multifaceted experience 
including designing, developing and implementing test plans, test cases and test processes fueling swift corrective 
actions and significant cost savings. Consummate professional with proven acumen to excel within a challenging 
environment harmonizing technical needs with business realities. 
 

 Functional/Regression  System integration testing  AS400 testing 

 Quality Control/Assurance            Waterfall/Agile  Python, Java Basics 

 Cost Reduction  Client Interactions  SQL 
       

   P R O F E S S I O N A L  E X P E R I E N C E    
  

UST Global, India  Apr 2015 – Present 
 
Senior Software Test Engineer   
Key Roles and Responsibilities 

Sound knowledge on software test design and test execution methodologies. Design test suites and 
have the ability to understand usability issues. Collaborated directly with clients across Europe. 
Ensured that all tested related work is carried out as per the defined standards and procedures. 

       

Work Force management using Quinyx and HCM oracle. (Team Size: 4) – June 2017 to Present 
The aim of the Workforce Management project is to implement a new tool and processes to cover at a    
minimum; labor scheduling, forecasting and time & attendance. System integration testing rendered, 
integrating various systems to Quinyx application.  

o Prepared test scenarios/cases documents based on Requirement document. 
o Provides plan & test estimates for the project. Preparation of Requirement traceability matrix.  
o Performs test execution, defect detection and test results reporting.  
o Providing daily updates/risk to the client through call on the progress and blockers if any. 

           Tools:  Quinyx, SQL Server Management studio, JIRA, HCM Oracle  
 

Buying & Merchandising 2020 using AS400 (Team size: 24) –June 2016 to May 2017 
Migration project aimed at moving the data and functionalities from AS400 to Oracle RMS system.  

o Backend testing in AS400. Performed Functional/Regression testing. 
o Analyze defects against software being developed to understand patterns and establish an insight to 

the developers.  
o Worked with the team to develop and execute the cases to test the accuracy & stability of the 

software application. 
   Tools:  AS400, PLM, SQL (SQL Server, MySQL), JIRA, ZEPHYR  

 
Development Operations (Team size: 10) -June 2015-May 2016 

Functional/regression testing of software so as to deploy it more frequently, while maintaining service 
stability and gaining the speed necessary for more innovation.  

o Hands on experience in Web testing, application testing, and backend testing in tools like Yantra & 
COMPCA. 

o Validate the application and replicate defects so that any errors can be identified and corrected.  
o Production support during project releases. 
   Tools:  SQL (SQL Server, MySQL), Yantra, JIRA, COMPCA 

  

 

mailto:%20neethunair@outlook.com


 
Neethu Syamala 

  
neethunair@outlook.com 

 

A C H I E V E M E N T S / C E R T I F I C A T I O N S / S K I L L S  
  

Certifications & Training 
 

 ISTQB foundation level certified. 

 Automation Specialist Level 1 & Level 2 for Tricentis Tosca 10.0 certified. 

 Ongoing training on Java full stack programming course from Plural sight and classroom sessions organized 
by UST Global. 

 Trained on basics of Performance testing using Jmeter.  

 Trained in Selenium basics as part of testing program conducted by UST. 

 In-plant training on Telecom technologies at Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited 
 

 
Technical Skills 
 
        Programming languages 
 

Python, JavaScript, JAVA, HTML, C, C++, UNIX commands basics 
 

Database 
 

MS SQL Server, AS400 
 

Tools & Technologies 
 

JIRA, HCM Oracle, Zephyr, Visual Studio, MS SQL Server 2016, Yantra, Quinyx, RF gun, Blackswan  
 

E D U C A T I O N / L A N G U A G E P R O F I C I E N C Y  
 

Degree  University  Year   CGPA 

B.Tech (Computer 
Science) Mahatma Gandhi University  2014   7.43 

           

English  C2  Malayalam  C2  Hindi  B1 
 

* Language proficiency as graded by CEFR  
 
 

2 


