












































                     Imon Sarkar
Contact Numbers –9874034722,









         8420199325,




E-mail address      – isarkar3@gmail.com


        imonsarkar@yahoo.com
                                                                      Objective

I am a person who is confident, optimistic, and ready to accept responsibilities in organizations. 

I believe in teamwork, self-development and growth of the organization. I want to work in an environment which will give me a chance to not only contribute effectively but also challenge my own limits.
                                                                Work experience
1: Organization’s Name   : Zinfi Software Systems Pvt. Ltd. (Kolkata)
Designation

     : Team Leader - Business Development
                                               I have been working with clients like HP, CA, ArcSight, Samsung,

                                               Blue Coat, Quest Software, Novell, Sonic Wall, Net Gear, McAfee, etc.                              
Job Description 
: Handling a team of BDE’s who dials out for generating quality leads                                                            for IT sales.
Dialing out to prospective multi million dollar IT clients for their          solution requirements and hence providing apt solutions.

Dialing IT customers and providing them the solutions created by client manufacturers.

Developing business for my company and also for our clients and bringing in new projects for the company.

Duration

     :  August 10th 2009 – Present
Location

     :  Kolkata, West Bengal
2: Organization’s Name   : IBM Daksh Pvt. Ltd. (Kolkata)


Designation

     :  Operations Executive

                                               I have worked for Bell Canada Inbound Customer Support                                         
Duration

      :  1 year

Location

      :  Kolkata, West Bengal

3: Organization’s name        :   Vishnu Solutions Pvt. Ltd. (Kolkata)
Designation                            :   Campaign Co - Ordinator 
I have worked in an Outbound campaign which deals with Telephone connections that caters customers Australia only.
Duration                                : 2 Years
Location                                 : Kolkata, West Bengal
                                                          Computer Proficiency

O.S. Platforms


: Windows 98, 2000, xp, vista, 7.
Business Applications

: MS Office, MS outlook
Did diploma in Software Application course from WEBEL
                                                                  Education

Post-Graduation: MBA
Institute: Indian School of Business Management and Administration. (ISBM)

Year of completion: On going.
Graduation: B.A
Institute: St. Paul’s C.M. College 
University: Calcutta University 
Year of completion: 2008
Duration: 3 years

Plus two: Humanities                                               
School: Julien Day School (Ganganagar)
Board: (ISC)
Year of completion: 2005
Matriculation: General
School: Julien Day School (Ganganagar)
Board: (ICSE)

Year of completion: 2003
                                           Achievements/Extra curricular activities

(1) Debates, Group discussions.

(2) Active participant in Cultural Activities.
(3) Have received lots of award for employee of the month in parameters like Quality, FCR, and AHT & RPC.
                                                             Interest & hobbies
(1) Painting ,
(2) Making friends
                                                          Personal details

Name



 :  Imon Sarkar
Contact number      
              :  9874034722, and 8420199325
Father’s Name

:   Balaram Sarkar
Date of Birth


:  31/12/1987



Permanent Address 

:  Sree Krishna Apartment,





   1, Nazrul Sarani,





   P.O – Italgacha,





   Kolkata – 700079





   West Bengal

 
                                                             Confirmation

  I affirm that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Date: 









Imon Sarkar
























(Signature)

Place: Kolkata
