















































                     

                   CURRICULAM VITAE

Jaydeep Vasant Korde.                                                                    Email:  jaydeep.korde86@gmail.com

L.I.G. 3/309 Niljyoti,                                                                          Mobile: 9766267421
Gokhale Nagar,

 Pune – 411016.
Maharashtra.

 

	CARRER OBJECTIVE


· Seeking a position to utilize my skills abilities that offers professional growth while being resourceful innovative.
· To seek progressive and challenging career in the fields of Finance & Decision making.
· To strive for perfection in my expertise and be an asset to the organization enabling mutual growth.

	EXPERIENCE


1) Compsoft BPO Services India Pvt. Ltd. (
Presently working with Compsoft BPO Services India Pvt. Ltd. as Data Collection Executive from 18th May 2009 till Date.

· Working for Interactive data on Citrix.

Responsibilities: 
· Fund Dividend and Corporate Action:

· In this department we are updating dividends on daily basis which are declared by the companies for the funds, whether it may be Monthly Quarterly, Half yearly or yearly 
· We are getting such Dividend information from the Companies Fund Managers or from client’s internal mailbox (Lotus). It also requires the research part for finding out the missing Dividend information related to particular fund from various companies’ websites or from Trustnet, mornigstar.

· Corporate Actions like Irish Listing/Delisting, Luxembourg Listing/Delisting, Fund name changes, Closure, Liquidation, Merger, Suspension, Redemption etc. of funds declared by UK companies we update in exshare & sickle for Interactive Data & Financial Times.
·  We are also sending the mails to the Fund Managers or the Contact persons of the particular fund for any queries or confirmation of the data

· Working as a trainer for corporate actions.
· Mutual Fund Dept:

· Involved research of dividends declared by US and Canadian companies, research for Dividends, Ex, Record, Pay date, Cusip No, Ticker etc.

· We received data from different sources like – Internal Dividend Box, Projection Report. Mainly Dividend Box is the source where we get the detailed information of the Dividends declared by the company.

· We also research the required information on company website as well as different financial websites like yahoo.Finance, Fidelity.com, mutualfundsnet.com, Morningstar etc.
· EPS Dept:- 

· Involved research of Earning per share and Outstanding Shares declared by US and Canadian companies,

· There are different sources from where we get the information related to Earning Per Shares and Total Shares Outstanding like 8K/6K, 10K, 10Q, sedar.com, yahoo, Proxy, Registration. On daily basis we are researching Earnings from these sources and then we are updating them into client system called “VM”.

2) VCustomer Services India Pvt. Ltd.- (
· Worked as a Customer Care Representative for Bharti Axa Life Insurance sales process from 23/03/2009 To 16/05/2009.
3) P-Tronics - (
· Worked as Office Assistant from 16/04/2008 To 21/03/2009.
· Responsible for preparing bills, purchase order (PO), managing inventory & other office related work etc.
	EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND


	Exam
	Board / University
	Year Of Passing
	Percentage
	Class

	MBA (Finance)
	Pune
	April - 2011
	55.53%
	Higher Second Class

	Bsc (Comp. Sci.)
	Pune
	Oct– 2008
	53.42%
	Second Class

	H.S.C. (Science)
	Maharashtra
	Feb - 2004
	50.67%
	Second Class

	S.S.C.
	Maharashtra
	March - 2001
	50.40%
	Second Class


	SKILL SET


1. Operating System

:  Windows XP, Linux.
2. Software Applications
:  MS Office, Programming languages. 

3. Computer skill

: Hardware, Networking knowledge. 

	AREA OF STRENGTH


· Dedication towards work, Hard working, Patience, Good knowledge of Capital Market, Capability to learn fast, Open to learn new things. 
	PERSONAL DETAILS


 1. Date of Birth          
   : 22nd March 1986.
 

 2. Nationality                
   : Indian.

 3. Marital Status          
   : Unmarried.

 4. Languages Known
   : English, Hindi, and Marathi.

 5. Email ID
                     
   : jaydeep.korde86@gmail.com

 6. Cell Number
               : 9766267421
	EXPERIENCE


I confirm that the above information given is true and accurate to the best of my knowledge.   

Date:








               

Place:

Jaydeep V. Korde.

Page 2 of 3

