














































 

Ishan Agrawal 
 
Address: Flat 15 #404,    Email: ish23592@gmail.com 
Elita Garden Vista     
Kolkata, 700156 
Mobile: +919599744898 

 

Aim: A challenging position with a leading and upcoming corporate, where strong administrative, communicative and 

planning abilities are incorporated with immutable efficiency for the firm’s expansion and long term viability as a 

successful business. 
 

 
Professional Summary 

 

 Overall 2+ years of IT experience with expertise primarily in Core JAVA, ASP.Net, Windows and Web 
Applications.  

 A results-oriented professional with adequate experience in leading and supporting all phases involved in 
the development, enhancement, support, bug fixing.  

 Excellent communication, analytical and interpersonal skills with proven abilities in Software Development 
platform during the career span.  

 Skills to propose new ideas and innovative approaches.  

 Leadership and people management skills, with ability to deliver alone as well as in teams.  

 Currently working as, Programmer Analyst in Cognizant Technology Solutions.  

 

Education Qualification 

2015                                     Bachelors of Technology in Electronics and Communication from 

 Jaypee Institute of Information Technology, Noida with 63%. 

2010 Class XII from C.B.S.E. Board, securing a 1st division 

 Percentage- 72% 

2008 Class X from C.B.S.E. Board, securing a 1st division with honors 

 Percentage- 90% 

  
Project Summary 

  
1. Company Name: Cognizant Technology Solutions (April 2016-Till date)  
 
● Project Details:  
 

1. Project Name: NNGRITS Application Support  
 
The project deals with support & enhancement activity for a B2B web application. This is for a pharmaceutical 
corporation to keep track of their ongoing research and clinical development operations around the globe.  

 Duration: 20 Jan 2017 – Till date  

 Technology: Asp .Net, SharePoint, Nintex workflow, SQL server 

 Team Size: 2  
Responsibilities: Team member from offshore  

▪ Interact and communicate with Client for requirement clarification  

▪ Enhancement & bug fixing  



▪ Code in C# & API frameworks in Visual studio.  

▪ Manage queue effectively and allocate tasks to the different team  

▪ Conduct peer reviews and ensure quality of deliverables  

▪ Participation in Service Audits  

▪ Contribute and participate proactively in knowledge sharing sessions  

▪ Collate data and provide inputs for reporting requirements  
▪ Create test cases, Create/update functional requirement documents 

 
     2. Project Name: JOM Mama Health Application  
 
The project deals with support & enhancement activity for a B2B and B2C web application. This health application 
was a research project with users as well as other business communities using to incorporate a healthier life style, 
with doctors and trainer coordination.  

 Duration: 10 Aug, 2016 – Jan 20, 2017  

 Technology: JAVA, JSP, SQL Server 2008, Servlets, Spring, Hibernate, JDBC  

 Team Size: 1  
Responsibilities: Team member from offshore  

▪ Interact and communicate with Client for requirement clarification  

▪ Enhancement & bug fixing  

▪ Code in JAVA & frameworks in eclipse  

▪ Manage queue effectively and allocate tasks to the team  

▪ Conduct peer reviews and ensure quality of deliverables  

▪ Participation in Audits  

▪ Contribute and participate proactively in knowledge sharing sessions  

▪ Collate data and provide inputs for reporting requirements  
▪ Create test cases, Create/update functional requirement documents 

 

Technical Skills 

 

Core Java, Java Script, HTML CSS, C#  Languages 

Spring, MVC Framework 

Eclipse, Visual Studio, SQL Server Management Tools 

Office Tools  Reporting Tools 

SharePoint, SQL Server Database 

 

Certifications/Trainings 

 

 Content Developer and Web administrator at Saffrontech Pvt. Ltd. from July 2015-Feb 2016. 

 Worked as freelance content writer and ghost writer.   
 Worked as an intern in CNN IBN 7 News Web Portal May 2012-August 2012  

 Worked as an intern in S.S. Medfosys Pvt. Ltd. June 2014-July 2014 

 Worked as a Digital Marketing intern at Banana Bee Pvt. Ltd. (2 weeks) 

 Worked as a Viber Brand Ambassador (8 weeks)   
 Worked with We Want Change (Initiative by Samarpan NGO) as Event and Technical coordinator.  

 Life Science –L0, L1 and L2 certified 

 Underwent training in Core Java, My SQL using MVC framework with Cognizant Technology Solutions (3 
Months)  

 Currently pursuing training in FSD  
 

 



 
Soft Skills 

 

 Debating and presentation  
Have been responsible for representing the college in numerous debate and Quiz competitions in NCR belt.  

 Leadership and Event Manager  

Being the school captain, was responsible for organizing and anchoring various meets and functions. 

 
Present CTC and Role 

 

My present CTC is 3.7 LPA and my job responsibilities include managing and implementing the application designed 

for one of the world’s leading Pharmaceutical Company, to carter their B2B needs.  

 
Web Presence 

 
LinkedIn profile: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ishan-agrawal-85bb08b7/ 
 
 

I do hereby solemnly affirm and declare that the contents of this resume are true to the best of my knowledge.  

 
Date: 15/03/2018  
 
Place: Kolkata        Ishan Agrawal 
 

 

 


