














































 

Mithu Lal Regar                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

Contact No:+918058272470         

E-Mail- mithuregar390@gmail.com  

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS: 

 Over 2.5 Years (Sun Technologies Inc) of progressive experience as a Java/J2EE developer with the strong 

background of working knowledge in all the phases of Software development life cycle with strong analytical, 

programming skills and having solid functional experience in the development, implementation and the 

maintenance of complex Java/J2EE based systems. 

 Designed, developed, and implemented software solutions for high visibility, high impact projects; solved technical 

problems in a growing business environment. 

 Hands on experience in designing and developing distributed and multithreaded applications with technologies 

such as core and advanced Java technologies JAVA, J2EE, JSP, Java Script, jQuery, Spring, HTML, JUnit and XML-

related technologies. 

 Strong hands on experience in implementing Design patterns like MVC, Singleton, Service Façade, Delegate and 

Factory.  

 Strong knowledge in AGILE & Waterfall methodology of software development. 

 Good Knowledge on Instruments tool for detects and fixes memory management issues in code using the 

allocations and leaks instruments.   

 Proficient in object-oriented design, data structures, problem solving, complexity analysis, and debugging 

 Able to design the applications from the requirement and Known for writing efficient, maintainable and reusable 

code that preserves privacy and security. 

 

TECHNICAL SKILLS: 

Programming Languages: JAVA, SQL, C & C++. 

J2EE Technologies: Spring, JSP. 

Web Technologies: HTML, JavaScript, angular js XML,Node  js, CSS & Web Services. 

Frameworks: Spring MVC. 

Database Technologies: MYSQL,Oracle.  

Application Servers: JBoss & Apache Tomcat 5.x. 

Operating Systems: Windows 8/7/XP/NT. 

Development Tools Eclipse SDE, Apache Subversion (SVN) & Visual Source Code. 

 

 

 

PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATIONS: 

 

 Oracle Certified for Java Programmer (OCJP). 

 Oracle Certified for J2EE Programmer (OCJP) 

 

mailto:mithuregar390@gmail.com


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: 

Dec’ 2017 – Till Date         Sun Technologies Inc. 

Role: Full Stack Developer       

Project: Havertys:  

The haverty application is based on usa. This application is mostly used the furniture to selling.The user can see the 

furniture and buy the furniture. There is application given many roles to access the application. The sells manager can 

see the delivery and he can apply the synchrony bank and havertys bank service credit card also.  The manager is see all 

the status about the worksheet and apply the cart item in the worksheet. Sales manager are to design the desboard. 

The manger can apply with the credit card with digital signature and valid govt. id proof.  The havertys  is added to 

synchrony , havertys credit service and fortiva bank is added to apply to credit card.                          

 

Responsibilities: 

 Develop Java based services using Java1.8, J2EE, Java Beans and MVC framework. 

 Implemented the critical functionalities using Java and Oracle packages & stored procedures. Developed UNIX 

based scripts to apply database scripts on beta, QA and production servers. Performance tuning of SQL. 

 Involved in the database design for release and development. Participate on daily Sprint standup calls to update the 

accomplished and commitment tasks. Design and Developed common frameworks to execute SQL queries. 

 Analyzing and solving performance, transactional, Multithreading and Java memory issues. Leading a development 

team; assigning Tasks, Designing modules, reviewing other developer’s code. Also making sure any functionality is 

not impacting any existing business. 

 

Environment: Java1..8, J2EE, Spring framework, angular js,JSP, JavaScript, Ajax, GWT, Web Services,jQuery, Eclipse, SVN, 

SQL Developer, TOAD10.1 & VSS. 

Live Project Link: https://www.havertys.com/ 

Oct’ 2016 – To Nov 2017         Sun Technologies Inc. 

Role: Full Stack Developer       

Project: Federal Home Loan Bank New York.  

The federal home loan bank application is based on USA. FHLB application user can apply the loan in bank. He can track 

the loan amount status. The FHLB application is support housing finance and community investment. With their 

member. While doing the transaction of loan amount the receipt and data is encrypted.                     

 

Responsibilities: 

 Develop Java based services using Java1.8, J2EE, Java Beans and MVC framework. 

 Implemented the critical functionalities using Java and Oracle packages & stored procedures. Developed UNIX 

based scripts to apply database scripts on beta, QA and production servers. Performance tuning of SQL. 

 Involved in the database design for release and development. Participate on daily Sprint standup calls to update the 



accomplished and commitment tasks. Design and Developed common frameworks to execute SQL queries. 

 Analyzing and solving performance, transactional, Multithreading and Java memory issues. Leading a development 

team; assigning Tasks, Designing modules, reviewing other developer’s code. Also making sure any functionality is 

not impacting any existing business. 

 

Environment: Java1.8, J2EE, Spring framework, angular js,JSP, JavaScript, GWT, Web Services,jQuery, Eclipse, SVN, SQL 

Developer, TOAD10.1 & VSS. 

Live project Link: http://www.fhlbanks.com/ 

 

Education Details:- 

Examination Passed  Board/University Year Of 

Passing 

College % Of Marks 

B.Tech(CS) Rajasthan Technical 

University   

2016 Arya College of Engg. & IT  80.12 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 


