















































Pratik R. Sarola

Mobile No: +91-8000394945




Email: pratik.sarola@gmail.com








	OBJECTIVE


Efficiently utilize and improve my skills and knowledge in progress of the organization & head towards mutual growth and benefit.

	SKILLS


Languages: Struts, Servlet, core JAVA, JavaFX, Spring, Hibernate, Informix 4GL.
GUIs: JSP, jQuery, HTML 
Databases: MSSQL Server 2016, Informix , MySQL
Distributed/Web Environments: Tomcat

Development tools: Eclipse, Genero Desktop Client
	Key Projects Undertaken


PIS(Personal Information System)
Duration: 2 months


Team Size: 1


        Role: Developer

Environment:  Spring MVC, Hibernate, SQL Server, Eclipse, Apache Tomcat 7, Ajax, JQuery

Description:  This application is developed for DET (Directorate of Employment & Training) Department of Gujarat Government. This application is made to collect information of all Employees, ITI (Government, semi-government, self-finance), Students, Post in ITI, Courses running in ITI. This application is also used for managing RTI information. Employee transfer, Post Transfer, Employee Retirement Process, Employee Training details, and Employee departmental exam details.

Detcontibills
Duration: 2 months


Team Size: 1


        Role: Developer

Environment:  Spring MVC, Hibernate, SQL Server, Eclipse, Apache Tomcat 7, Ajax, JQuery

Description:  This application is developed for Account branch of DET (Directorate of Employment & Training) Department of Gujarat Government. This application is used for collect bills from all Government ITI and use for generating many reports, final balancing and work related accounting.

Website: http://184.95.50.50:8080/detcontibills/main
GUJRERA(Gujarat Real Estate Regulatory Authority)
Duration: 4 months


Team Size: 8


        Role: Developer

Environment:  Spring MVC, Hibernate, Tiles, SQL Server, Eclipse, Apache Tomcat 7, Ajax, JQuery

Description:  Government of Gujarat established Gujarat Real Estate Regulatory Authority for regulation and promotion of real estate sector in the State of Gujarat. In this we provide Real Estate Projects Registration, Real Estate Agents Registration, Filing of complaints, Upload Certificates, Promoter's details, Property details, Property Quarter's details.

Website: https://gujrera.gujarat.gov.in/ 

Smartbet
Duration: 6 months


Team Size: 3 


        Role: Developer

Environment: Spring MVC, Hibernate, SQL Server, Eclipse, Apache Tomcat 7, Ajax, Jquery.

Description: Smartbet is the simplest and user-friendly approach to legal horse race wagering. It offers the very best in secure, pari-mutuel action Thoroughbred, Harness and Quarter Horse racing. It provides a convenient exciting and safe way to wager on horse races at over many racetracks.

Integris G2:

Duration: 2.3s years


Team Size: 5 


        Role: Developer

Environment: Struts,  Tomcat Server, JBOSS Server.

Description: This project was aimed to develop an online web based application for School Management in Australia. This application is a centralized system and used by many councils. It is helping user to keep record of pupil progress, analyzing all attendance, assessment, behavior of individuals, groups, classes and year.
Authority Enterprise Software Suite for Local Government

Duration: 2 Years


Team Size: 11 


        Role: Developer

Environment: Informix 4GL, Genero Desktop Client

Description: The Authority Enterprise is the only software application specifically designed for local government that delivers a single solution, from a single vendor, for the entire enterprise. The Authority enterprise application suite is designed specifically for the Local industry and comprises more than 40 modules of business software to assist Council with the running of their highly diverse business.
	EMPLOYER


Working with VBSOFT India Limited as a Java developer since January 2018.

Working with Zealous System Private Limited as a Java Software developer from June 2013 to December 2017.

	ACADEMIA


MSc I.T.(Master of Science in Information Technology )(2012)

From:  Department of Computer Science, Gandhi Nagar (Gujarat), Gujarat University.

Score:  72%

B.C.A (Bachelor of Computer Application) (2010):

From:  St. Xavier’s Institute of Computer Application, Gujarat University.

Score:  72%

H.S.C (2007):

From:  Rachna High School, G.S.H.S.E.B. Board.

Score:  67.00%

S.S.C(2005):

From: Rachna High School, G.S.E.B. Board.

Score: 66.66%

	PERSONAL INFORMATION


DOB


:  30th June, 1990
Languages Known
:  English, Hindi, Gujarati

Address

:  f/21/269 Utsav app, New Vadaj, N/R Bhavsar Hostel,

         Ahmedabad-380013, Gujarat.                                                                                                                                

Contact No

:  8000394945

Email                                 :  pratik.sarola@gmail.com

