















































Resume

MALCOM.S
	
72/39 Pillaiyar Koil, 3rd Cross Street
Thandai Periyar Nagar, Taramani
Chennai - 600113
Mail id: mali.math2010@gmail.com
                                                          Mobile: 9940417807


	Career objective



To work in a challenging and collaboative envionment and to captalize upon every opportunity thereby learn and develop both professionally and personally.


	Summary Profile



· Excellent communication skills for establishing positive working relationships with people at all levels and for building highly effective outcomes.
· Excellent analytical skills and problem solving.
· Demonstrated ability to generate leads, negoitate pricing, and contract terms and manage the strategic client functions.
· Ability to identify, organize and prioritize business needs.


	Academic Credentials



M.C.A: Vel Tech Multi Tech Dr. RR & SR Engineering Collegeaffiliated to Anna University, Chennai (2014).

B.Sc Mathematics: Madras Christian College, Autonomus, Chennai (2011).



	Work Experience



HSBC Banking Operation chennai
Duration: 23rd October 2014 till date

Designation: Quality Analyst

Work Profile

Process: KYC

· Ensure all Customer Due Dilligence (CDD) & Enhanced Due Dilligence (EDD) request and activities that impact and involve coverage are resolved within agreed timeframes, that the request and work-flow pipeline is optimized, priorities identified early and issues escalated accordingly.

· Adhere strictly to compliance and operational risk controls in accordance with HSBC and regulatory standards, policies and practices, report control weaknessess, compliance breaches and operational loss events.

· Responsibilities includes screening and remediation to identify if there any financial crime or politically explored person.

·  KYC Operating Unit completes KYC Profiles at On-Boarding, Periodic Review. Collecting information like Identity & Verification of the Customer and various legal docs based on the entity. Performing Reviews and Finding Final Customer Risk Rating either it is Low, Medium and High Risk Client categories based on the activity and business they are doing. 

· Ensure utmost quality on the wok done by the analyst on each and every case.

· Escalate HRR (High Risk Rating) and Prepare UAR (Unusual ActivityReport) in case of PEP& Negative news found from world check, Lexis Nexis & RDC results and transaction monitoring.

· Ensure quality and detail on KYC due diligence review.




	Job Achievements


· Initiated process improvements.
· Got appreciation mails for 100% Quality in Profile.
· Supported the Team Leaders for preparing MI reports that has to be sent to various departments.
· Have got selected as QC Analyst within 8 months





	Personal Details	



Father Name		:	M.R. Stanislaus
Date of Birth		:	08/12/1990
Gender			:	Male
Nationality		:	Indian
MaritalStatus		:	Married
Languages known	:	Tamil, English (to read, write and speak)



	Declaration



I hereby declare that the details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge.


Place: 
Date:
Yours sincerely
	
(MALCOM.S)
