




















































Name: Prajakta Manohar Chikhale
Job Designation: Senior Systems Engineer 
Mobile: +91 9730624794
E-mail: prajaktachikhale30@gmail.com
Executive Summary: Having 2.10 years of IT experience in Infosys Limited.


OBJECTIVE 
To contribute to the growth of the organization, especially within a capacity where I can come in contact with the latest technology, which will enable me to effectively enhance my knowledge repository and apply the same in my chosen career. 




PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 
 2.10 Years of experience as a Software engineer in application development, analysis, testing and implementation web and client server applications using java, JavaScript technologies. 
 Extensive experience in design and development of applications using java, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, hibernate 
 Experience in UNIX
 Conceptually strong with an innovative and analytical approach to the work with an eye for detail. Enriched with the ability to learn new concepts & technology within a short span of time. 
 Well-developed communication skills with reputation of unwavering accuracy, credibility & integrity, exceptional presentation skills with the ability to perform above expectations. 
 I am an individual with a positive mindset who’s ability to work in diverse work culture. 
 highly motivated, positive & goal-oriented, with analytical approach, conceptualization as well as the ability to build & lead effective teams. 


	

TECHNICAL SKILLS 
 Web Technologies    – HTML5, CSS3
 Languages                 – JAVA, Core Java, SQL 
 Scripting Languages – JavaScript. 
 IDE                           – Eclipse IDE.
 Tools                         – Tortoise SVN
 Operating System     – Windows 7,8,10
 Database                   – MSSQL, Oracle SQL Developer







PROJECT SUMMARY
1. Role: Developer 
    Technology: Java, HTML5, JavaScript, Hibernate, JSF.
    Key Skills Used: Programming, Bug fixing, Unit testing 
    Description: Worked on application which was used for handling Export/Import shipments and 
    corresponding documents. Basically, user can handle activities like Arrival/departure of 
    Containers and creating documents on containers using the application.

2. Role: Developer 
    Technology: Java, Spring, Swing, Groovy,JSON,Hiberante
    Key Skills Used: Programming, Defect Resolving, Unit testing.
    Description: Worked on e-commerce application which is used for keeping track of product
    Order, delivery and return process.
    

Education:

	EDUCATION Degree 
	University 
	Year Of Passing 
	Score 

	B.E (Mechanical)
	University of Pune 
	2014 
	62.8%


	HSC
	R.R.Shinde ,Junior college,Pune
	2010 
	79.8%



	SSE
	C.B.T Sadhana Girls High school,Pune
	2008 
	91.8%




STRENGTH
Good Listener, Disciplined, Comprehensive problem solving abilities (Always takes problem as a challenge to give the best), willingness to learn and excel.

 

PERSONAL DETAILS

Date of Birth              : 30/01/1993
Gender                        : Female 
Marital Status           : Single 
Nationality                 : Indian 
Languages known     : English, Hindi, Marathi.
Hobbies                      : Dancing, Reading.






