














































1 
 

PRAMOD MACHAGIRI 
 

Mobile: +91-9014761356 

E-mail: pramodmachagiri@gmail.com                             
 

 

Professional Synopsis 
 

 

 

 

 3.8 Years of professional experience as Database Administrator on Oracle and MS –SQL. 

 Achievement oriented with excellent co-ordination skills and an ability to manage change 
with ease. 

 Hands on experience on ticketing and monitoring tools. 
 Extensive knowledge on ITIL Process, Production Support, Maintenance. 
 Having good exposure in communicating with end user’s over chat, call and E-mail. 

 

 
Organizational Experience 

 

 Currently working as a Senior Systems Engineer at Infosys Limited, Hyderabad since 
February 2014 till date. 
 

 

 

 
 Oracle Database Administration Skills 

 Good knowledge on Oracle Architecture. 
 Installing and maintaining Databases on different Linux environments. 
 Maintenance and support of Oracle Databases in Production (RAC & Non-RAC, Datagaurd), 

Development and QA environments. 
 Exposure in managing RDS and EC2 Instances on Amazon Web Services environment. 
 Monitoring of ASM instances and databases on RAC and Non-RAC environments, adding disk to 

disk group whenever needed. 
 Implementing industry level backup strategies, configuring the backups in an optimal way so the 

load will be manageable and overcoming from backup hung scenarios. 
 Upgrading the databases from lower versions to higher versions as per the requirements. 
 Applying PSU patches and bug patches to fix the bugs using OPatch utility. 
 Creation of DATAGAURD and maintaining the physical standby database along with DGBROKER 

setup. 
 Installation and configuration of OEM on 12c and 13c, deployed agents and promoted database 

targets. 
 Scheduling, monitoring and maintaining the cron jobs as per the daily requirements. 
 Proactive maintenance of disk space usage, table space usage, temp/undo table space usage to 

avoid job failures. 
 Monitoring the alert log and trace files, troubleshooting the RMAN backup failures. 
 Monitoring performance using AWR reports and performing the performance tuning using 

explain plan and oracle advisory tool. 
 Cloning the instances using RMAN/Hot backup as per the business requirement. 
 Exporting and importing databases, table and schema level using export, import and data pump 

utilities, extensive knowledge on user sessions and processes. 
 Administering user security, privileges, roles, implementing database security, auditing. 
 Configuring the Oracle network services, listener and TNS configurations. 
 Database creation and decommission as per the requirements. 
 Gathering table, schema and index stats collection and rebuilding indexes. 
 Housekeeping for tablespaces, data files, backups on regular basis, access to oracle support. 
 Creation and managing of database links and materialized views as per the requirements. 
 Providing support during OS Patching by performing Switch Over, Shutting, Starting services. 

Software Exposure 

mailto:pramodmachagiri@gmail.com


2 
 

 Microsoft SQL Database Administration Skills 
 Installation, Administration and Maintenance of SQL Server Instances. 
 Troubleshooting expertise in SQL server database issues in Production and Development 

Environments. 
 Design database Backup, Restoration Strategy and implementing Security 
 Upgrading the SQL Servers from lower versions to higher versions. 
 Hands on experience in performing both In Place and Side by Side migration activities. 
 Creation of Maintenance Plans, Scheduling the Backups for System and user databases. 
 Performed database refresh activities by restoring databases from one server to another. 
 Performing all the prerequisites for Decommissioning and restoring if necessary. 
 Monitoring the CPU Usage, Disk and Memory for tuning the database performance. 
 Maintaining/Creating logins/users and giving permission to them as per request. 
 Regularly monitoring data file growth, log file growth, database growth as part of capacity 

planning. 
 Reorganize and Rebuilding Indexes for better performance. 
 Performing Shrink operation while having space issues based on the situation. 
 Basic understanding on Configuring / Maintaining high availability SQL Server solutions that 

include Always ON, Replication and clustering. 
 Providing support during OS Patching activities by performing Switch Over to achieve zero 

downtime. 
 Maintain documentation of all the tasks and issues which we encounter for future reference. 

 

 REDHAT Linux System Administration Skills 
 Administering Users and Groups, Managing and Securing Files. 
 Installation of RedHat Enterprises Linux, System Recovery, Managing Software and Services. 
 Network Configuration and Troubleshooting, Configuring Network File Sharing Services. 
 Managing Simple Partitions and File Systems, Usage of Logical Volume Manager. 
 Analyzing and Storing logs, Tuning and Maintaining the Kernel, Scheduling Jobs. 

 

 Windows System Administration Skills 
 Administering Users and Groups, Managing Files, Policies. 
 Installation of all flavors of Windows Server Operating Systems, and Services. 
 Working on Hyper-V, Virtual Machines. 
 Active directory, network sharing, security, partitioning disks. 

 

 Domain   : Production Support, Operations & Delivery 
 Tools   : 12c/13c OEM, DBCA, DBUA, Oracle Netca, Nagios, 

Service Now, SSMS, Spotlight, Putty, Toad, SQL       
Developer, CA Service Desk 

 Databases   : Oracle 10g, 11g, 12c, Oracle RAC and Datagaurd, MS-SQL 
 Languages   : SQL 
 Virtual Infrastructure : Microsoft Virtual PC, Hyper – V, VMware 
 Operating Systems : RHEL6, UNIX, Solaris, Windows Family 

 
 Oracle Database 11g: New Features for Administrators -Exam Code: IZ0-050 
 Oracle Database 10g: Administration II - Exam Code: IZ0-043 
 Oracle Database 10g: Administration I - Exam Code: IZ0-042 
 Oracle Database SQL Expert - Exam Code: 1Z0-047 

 

Key Domain and Technical Knowledge 

Certifications 



3 
 

 

Academic Profile 

 

 

 Received many appreciations from Managers, Clients for quick resolutions for the requests. 

 Awarded with Cash Prize in the Contest of “Lighten up your work space” as the best 

Workspace in entire Office Campus. 

 Awarded as the best team from client with ELF 7/7 from Nike Inc. and BakerHughes Inc. 

 Core member for organizing Floor Events, Team Outings, Team Lunch Parties. 

 Chief Student Coordinator for Organizing a National Level Technical, Cultural & Sports 

Festival KITSOZEN’12 held on 5th & 6th of March 2012. 

 Organized a workshop on “THE SOCIAL NETWORKING” conducted by TRYEN 

TECHNOLOGIES held on 3rd & 4th of March 2012. 

 Student Coordinator for Organizing a National Level Technical Symposium ACUMEN’11 

held on 15th & 16th of September 2011. 

 Designed the Website and Poster for a National Level Technical, Cultural & Sports Festival 

KITSOZEN'12 at Kamala Institute of Technology & Science-Huzurabad held on 5th & 6th of 

March 2012. 

 “Class Representative” for three consecutive years at my Graduation. 
 

 

PROJECT #3 

Client    : Nike Inc. 
(An American multinational corporation that is engaged in the 

design, development, manufacturing and worldwide marketing and 
sales of footwear, apparel, equipment, accessories and services) 

 
Environment : Oracle Databases on Linux Platform 
   & MS - SQL Databases on Windows Platform 
Role  : Oracle & MS SQL DBA 
Duration   : Dec 2015 to till date 
Description  : 

In an evolving new technologies and tools, managed one of the 
world’s largest retail outlets database environment. 
Involved with end to end support from monitoring to the expert level 
activities such as upgrades, setup’s, configurations and maintenance 
activities. Here comes a chance to work on the latest technologies 
including the RDS instance monitoring and maintenance on AWS 
environments. Involved in a major incident activities, providing 
continues support to the customer over the bridge calls until the 
resolution is provided. Following the high level standards and 
approaches, documenting the necessary details for future reference. 
Targeting the MTTR’s and SLA Matrix on a regular basis to avoid any 
negative signs from the customer. 

Degree Name of the Institution University/School Duration Percentage 
B. Tech (I.T.) Kamala Institute of Technology & Science JNTU Hyderabad 2008-2012 70.50 

Achievements & Positions of Responsibility 

Projects Undertaken 



4 
 

 
PROJECT #2 

Client    : BakerHughes Inc.  
(An American industrial service company, it is one of the world's 

largest oil field services companies) 
 

Environment : MS - SQL Databases on Windows Platform 
Role    : MS SQL DBA 
Duration   : Aug 2015 to Nov 2015 
Description  : 

Involved with a short-term migration project, migration of SQL 
Server instances from lower version to higher versions. Migrated 
near about 600 instances and decommissioned more than 400 
instances. Carried out all the activities such as scheduling the outage 
with right approvals from the server owners, involved in daily 
reporting activities to the onsite team for a smooth process. 

 

PROJECT #1 

Client    : BakerHughes Inc. 
Environment : Oracle Databases on Linux Platform 
   & MS - SQL Databases on Windows Platform 
Role    : Database Administrator (Oracle & SQL) 
Duration   : Feb 2014 to Jul 2015 
Description  : 

Have been a part of team involving in monitoring activities to 
proactively take necessary actions to avoid critical impacts. Gained 
good knowledge in production support activities and ITIL processes. 
Learned technology to the core being an active member in the team 
providing 24x7 support. 

 

 

Photography, Designing with Photoshop, Surfing, Enjoying Music. 

 

Fathers Name : M V Sathyanarayana 

DOB  : 28th July 1990 

 

Interests 

Personal Information 


