









































ABDUL RASHEED

S. MOHAMMAD HUSSAIN
Mobile: (India) +91-9700828683

E-Mail: shaiksonu86@gmail.com

Aspiring for a challenging position involving SAP ABAP development on modules of SD & MM using SAP R/3 ECC6 with a reputed organisation.
PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS
· Competent & diligent IT professional with an experience of over 2.5 years in SAP ABAP development on modules of SD & MM using SAP R/3 ECC6; currently associated with SAP Technical Consultant with Bluecom Technologies Pvt Ltd.
· Well versed in ABAP Dictionary, Reports (Classical, Interactive and ALV), BDC, SAP Scripts, Smart Forms, Enhancements (Exits and BADI), BAPI, IDOCS,Batch Data Conversions and Object Oriented Programming.

· Experienced in configuring, creating and changing ABAP Dictionary Objects like Domain, tables, Views and Indexes. Strong understanding of development of Screens,transactions, screens and menu painter.

· Understanding of concepts pertaining to SAP ABAP Development, Information System Design & functional knowledge of SD & MM modules including all aspects of latest technological advancements, regulations/ guidelines and statutory compliances in the industry. 

· Exhibits superior communication, presentation & interpersonal abilities with strong commitment to offer quality work. Skilled in managing multiple tasks, coordinating with all stakeholders (internal/external) and garnering information from requisite sources.
· Focused and hardworking individual equipped with thorough knowledge and technical understanding coupled with an analytic bent of mind and confident to take challenging assignments
PROFICIENCY MATRIX




WORK EXPERIENCE
June’15 to Till Date with Bluecom Technologies Pvt. Ltd., Mumbai as SAP Support Consultant
Website: www.bluetechnw.com
· Significantly contributing to revamping of existing processes in line with client specifications after understanding the technical & functional gaps using SAP ECC6 with HANA.

· Efficiently interacting with clients to facilitate smooth communication to understand and analyze the business requirement to identify appropriate solutions for the client. 
· Accountable for configuring, designing, creating and changing ABAP Dictionary Objects to enable /introduce new & advanced features within the existing system
· Assisting in fixing all the bugs reported by the testers, conducting Research and Development on issues created after testing and ensuring smooth implementation of the project.

· Responsible for troubleshooting the daily issues in the system while providing support and maintaining technical documentation related to the project.
Key Objects:
· Created a custom developed ALV report to list the customers who hit the DB specified number of times from the selection screen
· Developed BDC programs using session method to transfer and upload the data from legacy system to SAP R/3 for material master MM01, purchase order ME21, vendor master XK01 for data conversion.

· Generated a report to get PO item details using BAPI_PO_GETDETAIL BAPI.
· Worked on the Purchase Order (MM) user exit EXIT_SAPMM06E_012, for changing the Tolerance level based on the value of the Purchase Requisition.

· Contributed to Process Order Printing to develop the Custom Driver Program and Smart form Layout to print the process Order (Details from transaction COR3 and Material master)

· Worked in the creation of IDOCS for the customer master data to be sent to PI 7.0.

· Worked in the creation of Function module which would extract the characteristics for a given material.

· Created an interface which extracts Material Master data into the application server.
EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND
· Bachelor of Technology (Electronics & Communication Engineering) with an aggregate 66%  from J N T U Anantapur, India, 2015
· Board of Intermediate Education (+2) with 84%, India, 2011.

· Board of Secondary Education (10th) with aggregate 85%, India, 2009.

PERSONAL DETAILS
Date of Birth 

: 
10 June 1994

Mailing Address 

: 
D.No: 20/204-1, Akula Street, Kadapa  
Nationality

: 
Indian

Marital Status

: 
Single 

Languages Known 
: 
English, Hindi, Urdu & Telugu
Passport Details 

: 
M7468983
Driving License 

: 
Indian driving license (4 Wheel Light)
References 

: 
Available upon request











S. MOHAMMAD HUSSAIN
SAP ABAP Expertise: 



SAP Releases: SAP R/3 ECC6 with HANA

SAP Data Dictionary, Classical and Interactive Reporting, Dialog programming

Object Oriented Programming (OOPs), ALV Reports 

Function modules and Batch Data Communication (Call transaction and Session methods)

BAPI, User-exits and BADI 

SAP Scripts and Smart forms 

SAP-Query

Performance tuning 



Other Technical 

Languages: C, C++, Core Java, Oracle 

OS: Windows 2000 / XP, NT, MS- DOS









Functional Skills

Knowledge of SD & MM Modules





Soft Skills

Communication & Interpersonal Skills

Problem-solving Skills

Analytical Skills

Multi-tasking Abilities

Relationship Building Skills







