














































Kamal RAjesh


Abitha Joy  
 

Email: 
 
abithajoy123@gmail.com   
 
Phone Number:  
 
Mobile: 9497366620 
Land    : 04842713750 
 
 
Address for Communication: 
 

Oomelile House, 
Kokkappilly P O, 
Thiruvankulam, 
PIN: 682305 
 
Personal Data: 
 
Date of Birth       :11/11/1992 
 
Sex                      : Female 
 
Father                 : Joy O C 
 
Nationality          : Indian 
 
Marital Status      : Single 
 
Mother Tongue   : Malayalam 
 
Languages Known: English, 
                               Malayalam, 
                               Hindi 
 
 
 

 

Objective 

To prove myself dedicated, worthy and energetic and to 

involve  in some innovative work and  to be part  in   an 

challenging environment where I can constantly learn 

and improve my knowledge and skills, and contribute 

towards organizational goal. 

 

Professional Summary 

 Working as Java Developer at Suvan Technology  
Solutions from March 2017 – Present. 

 Worked as Associate Software Engineer at  
      Tech11  Softwares from December 2015- 

February 2017. 

 Knowledge in JAVA/J2EE. 

 An Experience Team Player with excellent 
interpersonal and problem solving skills  who has 
the ability to work independently under pressure. 

 Enthusiastic learner who quickily grasps new 
concepts and posses technical skills. 

 
 

Achievements And Strengths 

 Won several prizes in Sports and Art 

Competitions. 

 Participated  in School Level Exhibitions with 

innovative ideas.       

     

 
  Personal Traits 

 Time management skills 

 Adaptable to changes 

 Confident and determined 

 Ability to rapidly build relationship and setup trust 

 Accepting challenges 

 Motivating others 

 

 

  
 
 

 

 



     
 

 

Technical  Skills  

 

 Primary Skills           :     Core Java, J2EE ,JSP ,Servlets ,Spring MVC 

 Secondary Skills       :     Javascript, XML 

 Webtechnologies     :     HTML, CSS, Ajax        

  Library                     :      Jquery 

 Development Tools :     Ecclipse IDE 

 WebServer                 :     Apache Tomcat 9    

 Database Server        :      MySQL,Mongodb 

  Operating System    :     Windows,Linux 

 

Project Details 

Project Name  :Locationtrip 

 

Locationtrip is a online travel company provide travelers for  booking hotel rooms,resorts and home 

stays across the country. 

 

Role & Responsibilities 

 

 Followed best practices for project support and documentation.  

 Worked on existing project in doing patch works. 

 Tested existing project for bugs and functionalities. 

 

Project Name  : Heera ERP 
 
Heera ERP basically deals with investment schemes of Heera Group of companies. 

 
Role & Responsibilities 
 

 Worked on employee module for registration of new members,approval of verified members and 
generated  login credentials and member code for approved members. 

 

 Worked on member module for login, password reseting and also in  registration of complaints. 

 

 Transfered schemes   and upgrade employees . 

 

 Worked in Billing module for  creating invoice,updated and deleted invoice details. 

 

 Worked in log report module 

 
 
 
 



     
 

 

Educational Qualification  

Year Institution Course   Marks 

2011-2015 College Of Engineering, 

Cherthala-CUSAT 

B.Tech Degree in 
ComputerScience&Engineering 

65.20 % 

2009-2011 St Mary’s HSS 
Morakkala-Board of HSE 

PLUS TWO 
 

83.58 % 
 

         2009 

Georgian Academy, 

Thiruvankulam-State 
Board 

SSLC          86% 

 
 

Academic Projects 

  Major Project  : URL Based WebSpam Detection in Java(Duration 6 months) 
                             Urls are classified using SVM  into spam and benign considering their  
                             lexical and hostbased  features and thereby attacks from spammers are  
                             avoided. 
 

 Mini Project     : Voice Mouse in java(Duration 6 months) 

                             Voice commands are accepted and appropriate mouse events are generated  
                             without using mouse and used for physically handicapped persons who have  
                             power of speech. 

 

 
References 

  Nidiya Saju, UST Global, Senior Software Developer, Phone: 9946710337,  

email: nidiyasaju55@outlook.com 

  Jeffy John, Suvan Technology Solutions, IOS Developer, Phone : 8547463614, 

            email: jeffy@suvantech.com  

 

 
Declaration 

 
I, Abitha Joy, hereby declare that the above mentioned information are true to best of my 
knowledge. 
 
 
Place: Cochin 
Date : 10/08/2018                                                                                                            Abitha Joy 

mailto:nidiyasaju55@outlook.com

	 Primary Skills           :     Core Java, J2EE ,JSP ,Servlets ,Spring MVC
	 Secondary Skills       :     Javascript, XML
	 Webtechnologies     :     HTML, CSS, Ajax
	  Library                     :      Jquery
	 Development Tools :     Ecclipse IDE
	 WebServer                 :     Apache Tomcat 9
	 Database Server        :      MySQL,Mongodb
	  Operating System    :     Windows,Linux
	Project Name  : Heera ERP
	Heera ERP basically deals with investment schemes of Heera Group of companies.
	Role & Responsibilities
	 Worked on employee module for registration of new members,approval of verified members and generated  login credentials and member code for approved members.
	 Worked on member module for login, password reseting and also in  registration of complaints.
	 Transfered schemes   and upgrade employees .
	 Worked in Billing module for  creating invoice,updated and deleted invoice details.
	 Worked in log report module

