



























































SAILESH B
Contact Details: +91-7204161714

Email Id: saileshbalaji05@gmail.com
LinkedIn Profile: linkedin.com/in/saileshbalaji

Data Scientist with 2 Years of Experience in the field of Statistics, Data Science, Machine
Learning and Optimization with a Masters degree in Industrial Engineering and Management
from National Institute of Technology, Calicut and Productising Analytical Solutions for the
day to day Business Problems in the Customer, Retail and Supply Chain Analytics Domain.

Professional Experience:
 Associate Data Scientist

Manthan Software Solutions Pvt. Ltd. - Oct 2016 to Present
o Responsibilities: Understanding the Business Use Case, Literature Review, Gathering the Required

Data for Analysis, Building a Prototype Model, Evaluation, Benchmarking and Productising the
Solution.

o Projects Completed:
 Substitute Demand Estimation:
Estimation of substitutability of a product, which allows us to predict the future self-demand as well
as substitutable-demand of a product.
 Assortment Optimization:
Determination of optimal group of products in a category to be displayed in the shelf which
maximizes the revenue.
 Shelf Space Optimization:
Allocation of optimal facings, location and number of units for each of the product in the shelf so as
to maximize the turnover.
 PMML Models for Customer Analytics:
Predictive Model Markup Language (PMML) is an XML based predictive model development and
sharing format for faster integration and deployment.
 Route Optimization and Routing Guide Recommendation:
Travelling sales man problem based vehicle routing optimization algorithm for the determination of
optimal route for each vehicle so that the overall distance travelled and cost is minimized.
 Sales Uplift Simulation using Point Price Elasticity:
Determination of price elasticity of demand for each of the product and carry out what-if analysis
to understand the relationship between the discount and sales uplift.
 Estimation of Probability of Return:
Determination of probability of return at the time of order for an e-commerce based fashion
retailer using the customers online behavioral data.
 Enhancement of the Existing Code Base of Customer Analytics Algorithms:
The existing code base has been enhanced to handle imbalance data-set problems, error handle for
better user interaction and improved predictive accuracy.
 Unsupervised Churn and CLTV Prediction with and without Causal Variables:
Predicting the churn probability and customer life-time value of a customer based on their
purchase behaviour, without the need of churn definition and survival definition.
 Inventory Analysis and Purchase Order Recommendation:
A simulation and optimization based inventory analysis algorithm is developed to estimate the
optimal reorder point and optimal order quantity such that the overall inventory cost is minimized.

mailto:saileshbalaji05@gmail.com


 Markdown Optimization:
A machine learning model and a non-traditional optimization based algorithm is developed to
determine the optimal price to be set for all the products in a category in the future period such
that the overall revenue is maximized. Also a simulation tool is developed to carry out the what-if
analysis between the recommended price, discount percentage and sales-uplift.

o Projects in Progress:
 Look-alike Customer Analysis and Recommendations:
Identification and recommendation of new customers from the universe who are similar to the
provided group of customers or segment, which exhibit a unique purchase behaviour or satisfy
some defined objective in the past.
 Purchase Trip Classification and Prediction:
Rule based classification of purchase trips, like major trip, fill-in trip, etc of a customer or segment
over the time and predicting the approximate time of occurrence of next purchase trip and its type.
 Automated Insights or Anomaly Detection:
Time series based real time trend analysis of any metric or key performance indicator (KPI), along
with the capability of root cause analysis of insights, provided a set of factors related to the matric
in focus is defined in advance.

Academic Performance:

Qualification Course
Name of the
Institution

Board/
University

Year
Percentage/

CGPA

M.Tech.
Industrial

Engineering and
Management

National Institute
of Technology,

Calicut

National Institute
of Technology,

Calicut
2016 9.00

B.E.
Mechanical
Engineering

BMS Institute of
Technology

Visvesvaraya
Technological
University

2014 84.16 %

12th/SSCE PCMC
Kendriya Vidyalaya,
Rail Wheel Factory

Central Board of
Secondary
Education

2010 87.8 %

10th/SSE - 2008 92 %

GATE 2014 Details: GATE Score: 553 All India Rank: 6878

Technical Expertise/Skills:
Programming Languages: Python, C, C++

Statistical Analysis Software: R, SPSS, Minitab
Big Data Framework: Spark

Databases: MySQL
Mathematical Programming Software: MATLAB, SCILAB

Optimization Software: LINGO, AMPL
Microsoft: EXCEL (VBA), PROJECT

Process Simulation Software: ARENA, WITNESS, TECNOMATRIX
CAD/CAM/CAE: SOLID EDGE, CATIA, MASTERCAM, ABAQUS, ANSYS

Engineering Project and Internship Details:

M.Tech
Project

Title: Standby crew forecasting for Airline Industries.
In this project, an Excel based Forecasting Tool is proposed, which would predict the
optimal number of crew members to be maintained in the standby pool for the given rank
and fleet, using Evolutionary Algorithm. The performance and forecast accuracy of the tool
is better, when compared to State-Space, ARIMA and ARIMAX models from R.



M.Tech.
Internship

Title: Performance Analysis of Banks in India and Rating them for Corporate and Retail
Clients. Internship Project at RCPL, Kanpur, during the period 15th June to 17th July, 2015.

B.E. Project
Title: Design of Landing Gear Installation Trolley for the Naval Version of Light Combat
Aircraft (LCA). The project has been carried out at Hindustan Aeronautics Limited, Aircraft
Research and Design center - Design complex, Bangalore.

B.E.
Internship

Title: To study all the manufacturing processes required to produce a radial drilling machine
from receiving of an order to shipping of finished goods. Internship training program at
HMT MBX Ltd., Bangalore, during the period 16th to 28th July, 2012.

Other Projects:
 Decision support on the student evaluation of university courses and faculty member’s teaching

performance using control charts and hypothesis testing.
 A spread-sheet based decision support tool for blending problems in a brass casting industry. A user

interface has been designed and developed in Microsoft Excel, which is linked with Lingo modelling
language and optimizer to provide the optimal solution.

 Analysing and optimizing the performance of B-Mess (NITC), using ARENA simulation software. An
ARENA model is developed replicating the events in the mess and suggesting the optimal number of
servers required.

 Analysing and optimizing perpetual inventory control policy for umbrella at a retail store, which is
subjected to both variable demand and variable lead time, by developing a simulation model in Scilab.
The optimal reorder level and order quantity which minimizes the losses is found out to be 4 and 6
units respectively.

 Study of topological properties of Indian stock market networks using minimum spanning tree and
disparity filtering technique. We concluded that the Financial, Communication, Energy and Diversified
sectors are the most influential among all the sectors in Indian equity market.

 Sector-wise analysis of the influence relationship models in Indian equity network. 15 sectors are
considered in this study, along with various industry segments within each sector. Macro-economic
model has been developed for cement industry, belonging to construction sector in the equity
network.

Technical Papers:
 Presented a paper titled “Analysis of the influence relationship models in an equity network: A case of

Indian equity market” at the 4th International Conference on Business Analytics and Intelligence,
conducted jointly by ORSI-BC, IISc and ASI, IIMB during the period 19th to 21st December, 2016.
o Received the Best Paper Award in the Academic Section.

 Presented a paper titled “Topological Properties of Indian Stock Market Network using MST and
Disparity Filtering” at International Conference on Financial Markets and Corporate Finance,
Department of Management Studies, IIT-Madras during the period 12th to 13th August, 2016.

Co-Curricular Activities:
 Secured 2nd rank in M.Tech. IEM (I-IV semesters) 2014 - 2016 batch of NIT-Calicut.
 Completed a training on BIG DATA ANALYTICS ON HADOOP from MSME-Technology Development

Centre, Agra during the period 23rd to 24th July, 2016.
 Participated in a NATIONAL WORKSHOP on BIG DATA ANALYSIS: DERIVING CAUSAL INFERENCES USING

STATISTICAL AND COMPUTATIONAL TECHNIQUES, conducted by School of Management, NIT-
Karnataka, Surathkal, during the period 1st and 2nd April, 2016.

 Participated in a NATIONAL WORKSHOP on APPLIED DATA SCIENCE AND BUSINESS ANALYTICS USING
‘R’, conducted by School of Management Studies, NIT-Calicut during the period 4th to 9thMarch, 2016.

 Successfully completed the following online courses:



o Introduction to Python for Data Science By Microsoft (edX)
o Introduction to R Programming By Microsoft (edX)
o Introduction to R By DataCamp
o Predictive Analytics By IIM-Bangalore (edX)
o Introduction to Data Analytics By IIT-Madras (NPTEL)

 Completed a course on PRESCRIPTIVE ANALYTICS conducted by Department of Mechanical Engineering,
IIT-Kanpur during the period 12th to 14th June, 2015.

 Completed the FOUNDATION COURSE IN ANALYTICS from Go-analytics, Kanpur during the period 1st to
11th June, 2015.

 Completed a course on Microsoft Project from Synergy (CADD Centre), Kozhikode during the period
15th Feb to 15th March, 2015.

 Secured 1st rank in B.E. Mechanical Engineering (I – VIII semesters) 2010 - 2014 batch of BMSIT.
 Secured First place in NAVITAS QUIZ organized by Akshay Urja Club of BMSIT in 2011 and 2013.

Extra-Curricular Activities:
 Hostel Representative (MBA-Hostel, NIT-Calicut) for the year 2015-2016.
 Head of the Event Management Committee during the inter college fest of BMSIT, “UTSAHA-2013”.
 Active member of Editorial Board of BMSIT college magazine “MANTHANA-2012”.
 Leader of the Discipline Committee during the NSS CAMP held at KANVA HILLS, in association with

“VENTURE OUT DOORS” on 21st April, 2012.

Personal Details:
Date of
Birth:

5th August,
1992

Languages
Known:

English, Hindi, Telugu, Tamil, Kannada, Malayalam

Father’s
Name:

Balaji D
Permanent
Address:

No. D1, 2nd Cross, 1st Main, Beside Vidya sagar High School, Attur
Layout, Yelahanka New Town, Bangalore - 560064

Declaration:
I hereby declare that the details given above are true to the best of my knowledge. (SAILESH B)


