














































KUKKADAPU V N J HARIKA 
E-mail ID: harika.kukkadapu93@gmail.com Contact No.:+91-8332920633 Date of Birth : 4

th
 May,1993 

 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: 

Assistant Manager – Model Monitoring, Quantitative Analytics, Barclays || Feb’17-Present 

Job role involves monitoring statistical models on regular intervals for Barclaycard - US.  
 Exposure towards existing customer base, capital, fraud and application based models.  
 In-depth knowledge on the build of the model, methodology and the variables used.  
 Revelation to Linear and Logistic regression models using SAS and Excel VBA tools.  
 Models assessed on aspects of accuracy, discriminatory power, population stability index, and in-depth analysis on 

individual variables used in the model development (characteristic stability index). 
 

Analyst – Stress Testing, Risk Analytics, HSBC || May’15 – Dec’16 
Work included development of Credit risk models, MI reports, VBA tools to help business make high impact decisions for 
regulatory requirements. Experienced in modelling and validation of statistical models  

 PD Modeling: Developed econometric models for generating Base and Stress numbers for PD of different regions on 
wholesale credit portfolio. Predicted the probability of default using macro-economic variables to be the independent 
variables. 

 Model Validation: Validated Moody’s statistical models for the forecast of Macro-economic variables. The model is assessed 
on five individual sections including ‘Macro Model specification’, ‘Historical Data analysis’, ‘Model Replication’, ‘Out of 
Sample’ and ‘Model Forecasting’. 

 PRA-2016: Built Excel/VBA tools for PRA (Prudential Regulatory Authority, UK) submission. Streamlined the whole process 
and increased its efficiency which was appreciated for its effectiveness and timely delivery of reports by business partners 

 FDSF Actuals: Firm Data Submission Framework Crafted VBA tool for importing data which helps in generation of actual 
numbers used by the Bank for quarterly submissions. Validated all sheets for Hard and Soft checks using VBA 

 GAE-Pack: Constructed a VBA Tool for the critical analysis of data on the basis of Risk Type, Commercial Entity Etc. 
Automated the making of PowerPoint Presentation from the Excel GAE Pack     

 

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION: 
Year Examination Board Institution Aggregate 

2015 M.A Economics UoH School of Economics 8.75 (CGPA) 

2013 B.A Economics(H) Delhi University Lady Shri Ram College For Women 74.3% 

2010 Class XII CBSE Delhi Public School, Visakhapatnam 93.4%  
2008 Class X CBSE Delhi Public School, Visakhapatnam 91.2%(0.1% topper in Maths) 

 

INTERNSHIPS/PROJECTS UNDERTAKEN: 
 Interned at Hyderabad Metro Rail Bhawan (May - June 2014)  

 Prepared a detailed report on the Financial Model of Metro Rail, along with the cost benefit analysis. 

 Forecasted through fitting the model using Eviews software 

 Comparative statics of Hyderabad and Delhi Metro Rail                                 
 Project for  Visakhapatnam Steel Plant (June - July 2012) : Case study on Steel Industry and Indian Bilateral Trade Ties  

Interpreted changes and subsequent results of EX-IM policy (2009-2014) on Indian trade.                      

 Gained wide knowledge on Indian Trade Relations with other countries 

 Studied the effects of BRICS Summit 2012 and of Recession on Indian trading 

 Performed an extensive analysis on the Indian Steel Industry           
 

LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE: 

 Elected as Chief Placement Coordinator, School of Economics, UoH 
 Active participant and volunteer in YES (Young Economist School), School of Economics, UoH 
 Helped children in studies and personality development as a volunteer at  the NGO - ‘Village Cottage Home - Kriti’ 

 

AWARDS AND RECOGNITION: 

 Awarded Visakhapatnam Steel Plant Employees’ Children Scholarship for 3 years for excellent score in class 12 
 Won Amul Vidhyabhushan award and VSP Employees Cooperative Thrift and Credit society merit award  for extraordinary 

performance in class 12  

 Awarded a scholar tie for being a scholar badge holder for 3 consecutive years. 
 1st prize in The Annual All India Essay writing Event Of 2009-held by Sri Ram Chandra mission 
 Languages Known: Telugu, English, Hindi, Spanish 


