










































NIKHIL ESWARAN

DINESH MOHAN
Email: dineshmohan82@yahoo.com                                                                 Phone: +91-9940298529
D.O.B: 14 September 1982
PERSONAL STATEMENT:
I am a highly motivated Assistant Retail manager with over 3 years of retail management experience. I enjoy a challenge and consistently achieve high standards and exceed company targets through effectively working as a team player. Experience in all areas including customer service, stock control, goods in, goods out, recruitment, training, disciplinary, staffing issues, Loyalty schemes, health and safety.

EDUCATION:
Jan 2008 – Jun 2009 
MSc Mobile and Distributed Computer Networks
 Leeds Metropolitan University, United Kingdom Result: passed  
Jul 2003 - Apr 2006 -
B.Tech Electronics and Communication Engineering Engineering 

JNT University, Hyderabad, India Result: passed
Jul 1998 - Apr 2003 – Diploma in Electronics and Communication Engineering, State Board of                                                             

                               Technical Education and Training, Hyderabad, India Result: passed
EMPLOYMENT:
Assistant Retail Manager 

BP-SNAX 24 – Leeds, United Kingdom
04.2008 > 09.2011
Achievements

· I achieved the job of Assistant Retail manager of BP-SNAX 24 in Leeds, United Kingdom. 

· Managing the flag ship store.
· Responsible for achieving sales targets for store.
· Responsible for fulltime and part-time staff.
· In charge of staff shift and schedule.

· Charge of training for all members of staff in customer services.
· In charge of disciplinary action when deemed necessary. 

· I am responsible for the training and development of all staff members as well as recruitment of new staff.
· Charge of dealing with customer complaints resulting decrease in letters to head office.

· Achieved Diploma in Retail Management Awarded by One Stop Stores, UK.
Interests and Hobbies:
Traveling: I enjoy traveling and driving is my passion from my childhood. 

Music and Movies: I find music very relaxing after a long day, and it helps me unwind and I would   also love to watch movies.
Practical Work: I like cooking and do regular cleaning activities in the house. 
Cricket: I love to watch cricket on a leisure holiday as it helps me to kill a lot of time. 
References:
Available on request

	    ATTITUDE:

	   Basically optimistic in nature, dedicated, friendly and open minded.  

	  I am flexible to relocate, prepared to travel. You can kindly reach me at dineshmohan82@yahoo.com or                         +91-9940298529.


Thank you for your kind consideration.


Yours Sincerely,

DINESH MOHAN


