














































                                                    Gargi 
+91-9519639230 / +91-8447100173 / gargisingh37@gmail.com 

4th cross, Chandra Reddy layout, ST Bed Layout, Ejipura, Koramangala, Bangalore 

 
Career Objective 

 
Seeking an Analyst position in an organization so as to utilize analytical skills and apply 
extensive knowledge of Economics discipline in practical scenarios.  
 

Education             
               

 M.A. in Economics; Banaras Hindu University, Varanasi (2016-18) 

 CGPA: 7.4 

 Coursework: Econometrics, Statistics, Research Methodology & Computer 

applications in Economics, Quantitative methods 

 

 B.A. in Economics (Hons.); ARSD, Delhi University (2013-16) 

 Aggregate Percentage: 64% 

 Coursework: Statistical methods in Economics, Mathematical Methods for 

Economics, Money & Financial Markets, Microeconomics & Macroeconomics 

 

 Senior Secondary (CBSE); Maria Assumpta Convent School, Kashipur,      

Uttarakhand,(2012-13) – Scored 86%    

 

 Higher Secondary (CBSE); Maria Assumpta Convent School, Kashipur, 

Uttarakhand,(2012-13) – CGPA 9.2  

Practical Skills 
 

 Analysis and visualization of data in R and the creation of reproducible data analysis 
reports. 

 First-hand understanding of the unified nature of statistical inference. 

 Worked on an Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) Project in R, where a dataset was 
provided regarding the Behavioural Risk Factor Surveillance System, in which 3 
research questions were asked to form. Based on this, summary statistics had to be 
calculated and a plot had to be constructed. In the end, the findings and 
visualizations were interpreted.  

 Proficient in Data Analysis using MS Excel. 

Training & Certification  

 
 Certificate course in “Introduction to Probability and Data – Lab Course” in R by 

DataCamp.  

mailto:gargisingh37@gmail.com


 Certificate course in “Job Skills” conducted at Shikshalaya supported by Skill India 
and National Skill Development Corporation. 

 Attended an International seminar on “Developmental Challenges of India after 25 
years of economic reforms”. 

 3 months Certificate Course in Spoken English by British Council. 
 

Project 
 

 Worked on a thesis titled “Interstate disparity in the light of BIMARU states” under 
the guidance of Dr. Preeti Singh, Associate Professor of Department of Economics, 
B.H.U 

 Analysed the panel data and estimated probabilities for Fisher Tests using an 
asymptotic Chi-square distribution, using SPSS. 

 Found out which state among Bihar, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan, and Uttar Pradesh 
have managed to pull away from the acronym BIMARU and the reasons responsible 
for it. 
 

Industry Experience 

Volvo Auto India Pvt. Ltd.                                                                                 Gurugram 
Financial Intern                                                                                                          May 2017 – June 2017 

 Worked on a Project titled “Internal Finance Analysis and Processes” under the 
guidance of Mr. Ashutosh Agrawal, Finance Head.  

 Analysed Pan India Sales of last 10 years on the basis of location and sales figures 
using MS Excel. 

 Visualized sales data analysis of each model and presented findings regarding the 
highest and lowest sales of the models with respect to location.  

 Drafted Cash Flow statement & Finance Forecasting model for FY’ 17-18. 
 

Public Service Experience 

ImpART, Artist At Work Productions                                                                       Delhi 
Social Intern                                                                                                 January 2015 – July 2015                                                          

 Assisted underprivileged children with workshops on art and craft, dance, music and 
other viable forms of creativity. 

 Completed 10 sessions at Ummeed  Aman Ghar, Kilkari Rainbow Home, and Aasra 
Home. 
 

Leadership Experience 
ARSD College’s Economics department fest ‘Quaestus’                                                         Delhi                                                                                   
Sponsorship head                                                                                                               March 2015 

 Headed the Sponsorship team which was responsible for bringing sponsors for the 
Department fest. Held meetings with several firms and presented Sponsorship 
proposal.   

 Skilled at managing budgets for the fest and managed to reduce total expenses. 

 Analysed Cost efficiency. 

 Presented findings and data to the team to improve strategies and operations. 


