



















































RESUME
Name: A. Arulmozhi
Email: arulsusi420@gmail.com
+91-8220136896

Career Objective

To build my career in a leading hi-tech environment with committed & dedicated people, which will help me to explore myself and enhance my potential. Willing to work as a key player in challenging and creative environment.

Educational Qualifications
	EXAMINATION
	COLLEGE/SCHOOL
	UNIVERSITY/BOARD
	YEAR
	RESULT

	B.B.A.
	Acharya Arts and Science College
	Pondicherry University
	2015
	62.50%

	H.S.C.
	Jawahar Navodaya Vidhyalaya
	C.B.S.E
	2012
	69%

	S.S.L.C
	Jawahar Navodaya Vidhyalaya
	C.B.S.E
	2010
	65%




Employment
Organization		: Sutherland Global Services

Role			: Customer Support Associate with technical assistance

Experience		: 36 Months


My duties as a CSA:
1)  Confer with customers on chat in order to provide information about products and services, to take orders, or to obtain details of complaints.

2) Keep records of customer interactions and transactions, recording details of inquiries, complaints, and comments, as well as actions taken. 

3) Resolve customers' service or billing complaints by performing activities such as exchanging merchandise, refunding money, and adjusting bills.

4) Check to ensure that appropriate changes were made to resolve customers' problems.

5) Contact customers in order to respond to inquiries or to notify them of claim investigation results and any planned adjustments.

My responsibilities as CSA:
· Manage large amounts of incoming chat
· Identify and assess customers’ needs to achieve satisfaction
· Build sustainable relationships and trust with customer accounts through open and interactive communication
· Provide accurate, valid and complete information by using the right methods/tools
· Meet personal/customer service team sales targets and call handling quotas
· Handle customer complaints, provide appropriate solutions and alternatives within the time limits; follow up to ensure resolution Keep records of customer interactions, process customer accounts and file documents
· Follow communication procedures, guidelines and policies
· Take the extra mile to engage customers
Project	

TITLE: “Inventory Cost “based on the cost incurred by the Supreme Industries Ltd on its inventory for three years.

Mini Project	
“A general profile “describing the overall policies, functions and departments of Sri Ramana Cartons Pvt.Ltd.

Co-curricular  Activities	
Served as a member of National Services Scheme (NSS).

Undergone a Training program regarding NSE and BSE.

Participated in budgeting , money control and administration concerned events in various institutions.

Organised ABL a national level management in Achariya Arts and Science college.


Skills

Intermediate proficient in Microsoft Office and Tax Management & operations.
Fundamentals of Tally.
Personal Details

Father’s Name		:  V.Anbazhagan
Mother’s Name	:  A. Tamilselvi
Gender			:  Female
Date of Birth			:  03-08-1995
Marital Status			:  Single
Nationality			:  Indian
Residing Address		:  No 44 Amman Nagar, Madukarai Main Road,
				   Pudukuppam, Embalam Post,
				   Puducherry – 605 106.
Linguistic ability		:  English, Tamil.


DECLARATION
I hereby declare that the above information’s are true to the best of my knowledge.						


Sincerely yours,

   									(A. ARULMOZHI)
Place: Puducherry         

