







· CURRICULAM VITAE
· 
·    Sumeet P Yadav
·  (Desktop Support experienced)
· Email: sumeetyadav03@gmail.com	                            Mobile: +91 -9145516310

Experience Summary:                                                                                                                        
· Good knowledge of Desktop Hardware.
· Having Basic knowledge on Networking.
· Having experience on Monitoring & verification Networking Equipment’s.
· Having knowledge on Windows OS.
· Having experience on MS Office 10 & Outlook Configuration.
· Experience of installation and troubleshooting of Desktop, Printer, Scanner &CCTV Camera’s  etc.
· Having experience of handling & troubleshooting of ETON UPS.  
· Has the motivation to take independent responsibility as well as ability to contribute and be a productive team player.

Experience Profile:	

· Working as Desktop Support Engineer at ITCONS AT SIPL //HCL Project  from 1st Sepetember 2017 to Present Date.

Academic Profile:                                                                                                                        

     B.E IN ELECTRONICS AND TELECOMUNICATION ENGINEERING  
	
	Examination
	Year of Passing
	Institute / College
	University/Board
	Percentage

	B.E. 

	2014
	Govindrao Wanjari College of Engineering & Technology
	Nagpur University
	   57.87%
(Aggregate)

	H.S.C
	2010
	S. K.Porwal College,Kamptee
	Maharashtra State Board.
	   62.50%

	S.S.C
	2008
	Nutan Saraswati High School,Kamptee
	Maharashtra State Board.
	   68.50%



Technical Skill:                                                                                                                        

· Desktop Hardware: Installation & troubleshooting of Desktop, Hard Disk, RAM, Motherboard, SMPS, DVD Driver, Desktop Formatting, etc.

· Software: MS office 10, OS(Windows 7), Outlook Configuration, Having experience on MS word, Excel, etc.

· Peripheral Devices: Installation and troubleshooting Printers, Scanner,  Bio-matric Machine,
      & Cameras (PTZ, LANE, LPR, CCTV), etc.      
·                                                                                       
Certification:                                                                                                                        

	                             Courses
	                                     Institute
	                               Duration
	                                        Year

	                                   PCB Designing
	                               Think Ahead Solution, Nagpur
		                                                  	      2 Days                                                                                        
	                                             2012

	                                  NNSC
	                                    IIT Delhi and network bulls
	                                                 2 Days
	                                        2013



Project Profile:                                                                                                                        
· FINAL YEAR PROJECT :
  
	Project Name
	“Flex Sensor Based Gesture To Speech Conversion For Deaf and Dumb Persons” for Govindrao Wanjari College of Engineering & Technology

	Project Description
	Translate sign language into speech and voice by using flex sensor, to make communication between the mute persons and it controls the wheel chair.

	Technology used
	Embedded system

	Duration
	6 months



Participation & Achivements:                                                                                                                        
                      
1. Participated in “National Level Paper Presentation” competition held at Yeshwantrao Chavan College of engineering on12th March 2014
2. Participated in “National level project competition” To held at Govindrao Wanjari College of Engineering & Technology on 19th February 2014 and Awarded first prize. 
3. Participated in “National level project competition” To held at Anjuman College of Engineering & Technology on 4th March 2014 and Awarded by first prize.
4. Participated in “National level project competition” To held at SMT. Radhikatai Pandnav College of Engineering on 8th March 2014 and Awarded by first prize.
5. Participated in “National level project competition” To held at J D College of engineering & management on 13th March 2014 and Awarded by first prize

Strength: 
· Good team player
· Hard work is always promised.
· Honesty
Personal Details:
Address		:  Yadav Nagar, Gawlipura, Kamptee, Dist-Nagpur-441002.
DOB		          	:  3th September 1993
Father's name            : Late Mr. Padamsingh yadav
Marital Status           	:  Single
Languages Known    :  English, Marathi and Hindi.
Hobbies                	: Watching news, playing cricket.

I confirm that the information provided by me is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Date         :-
Location :-		
								
						 (Sumeet P Yadav)	
