
















































HimaBindu.B                                                                 Phone : +91-7702376265
                                                                                         Email   : bhimabindu1634@gmail.com 

SUMMARY

Having 2 years of Professional experience in IT industry, Involved in .Net projects with extensive usage of C#,Asp. Net, Ado. Net and tools like SQL Server Management Studio.
Have worked in multiple projects as .Net Developer in development and implementation stages of the Project according to client requirements.
· Expertise in .Net Technologies (C#, Asp. Net, WPF, LINQ, Ado. Net, Web Forms, Win Forms).
· Good work ethics with excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
· Strong Analytical and programming skills in using technology to develop effective complex business solutions.
· Good working knowledge on Application development and maintenance life cycle process.
· Professional in MS SQL Server 2000 Relational Databases.
· Experienced in programming and Testing of web, windows and distributed applications.
· Excellent code reviews and code debugging skills.
· Experience in writing database objects (Stored Procedures, Functions, and Triggers).

 QUALIFICATION	

· B.Tech in Computer Science From Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University.

WORK EXPERIENCE	

· Working as .Net Developer  with Visiontek Hyderabad from July 2015 – Till date.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
· Programming Languages : .Net, C.
· Scripting Languages : Html, Java script.
· Technologies          : Asp. Net, Ado. Net, WPF, LINQ, Visual C# 4.0,Web-forms, Win-forms.
· Databases & Tools     : MS-SQL Server 2008 R2,Visual Studio 2012.         
· Operating System      : Windows Family




PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Project# 1
Project Title  : EVD Services(Electronic Voucher Distribution)
Client           : Visiontek
Period          : July 2015–Till now
Team Size    : 4
Description :
VISIONTEK Electronic Voucher Distribution 12E (EVD) is an application software that manages the online process of credit top-up of airtime. It greatly simplifies the process of Prepaid Recharge with a centralized control of information and real time reports, saving valuable time that would otherwise be spent on logistics like printing, dispatching, stocking, availability and tracking of recharge cards
Tools and Technologies Used : VS2010, C#, ASP .Net, Ado. Net, MS-SQL Server 2008 R2
Roles and Responsibilities:
1. Involved in Requirement Gathering.
2.Played the roles of developing and designing the application based on requirements.
3.Used ASP.NET and coding using c#.
4 .Deployment and Training.
5. Client side validation using JavaScript.
Project# 2
Project Name	: EVD Transaction Engine
Client		: Visiontek
Period               : July 2015–Till now
Team Size         : 6
Description :
This project is to automate the transactions of the different Countries . This project contains different services like LotaryGames, TicketingService, Transportation, etc. According to the  requirement of the service the client will send Request and Response formats. We will frame those Requests and send the Response to the Application team according to the request they send.
Responsibilities:
1. Involved in Requirement Gathering.
2.Played the roles of developing and designing the application based on requirements.
3.Used ASP.NET and coding using c#.
4 .Deployment and Training.
5. Client side validation using JavaScript.
6.Involved in Database Design.

