










































Arvind Singh

Arvind Singh Lodhi
E-mail: arvind_singhlodhi@yahoo.com , Mobile: 91-9158884880
Seeking prospective work in an established financial Bank/Company/Organization and enhance my knowledge in the process, exploit my potential and will work in a team
 Work Experience
· Current Employer- Cognizant Technology Solutions India Pvt. Ltd.

· As an Sr. Process Executive
 Job Profile(P&L Control) 
Summary:

•Equities Business Unit Control of UBS-America (Derivatives’ PnL Control).

•Job Profile:

o Production and Investigation of Risk Management System (RMS) to ICE breaks 
o Funding or Cost of Carry Analysis and Reconciliation 
o Allocation of Funding P&L to the Correct Strategies 
o Accrual Entries 
o Equity Consol P&L to ICE P&L Reconciliations 
o Resolution and Investigation of Dividend breaks between the RMS and Settlement System 
o Loan Analysis (GAAP 5) 
o Re feeding P&L to the Ledger when required 
o Review of new Derivative Trades
· Previous Employer- Infosys (11th Jan, 10 to 15th June, 2011)
· As an Sr. Process Executive
 Job Profile (Accounts Payable)
Summary:

I was handling Accounts Payable of Philips Healthcare for their Benelux Region. I had 5 people, who process the invoices which we receive in SAP. I used to solve the issues whenever and wherever arises, which people finds during the processing of any invoices. To resolve the issues I always be in touch with the purchase Manager/Planner and the vendor. Credit controller/Finance Manager of our vendors also contacts me for urgent issues or payment status. I had to check the query and instruct to the responsible person.
I coordinate for the Weekly & Monthly reporting of the entire Team (which include around 32 people).

Did Audit (Process related) for 2 teams, and advice corrective actions.
Was responsible for the quality of entire team.
Do transitions of new ventures/mergers/demerger of client’s entities whenever happened/required.

I was also responsible for entire team’s ‘Excess/Duplicate Payment to the vendor’.

 Internship (02nd Nov to 30th Nov. 2009)
· Completed with Cygnus Business Consulting & research Pvt. Ltd. Hyderabad

· Agenda of training to better understanding of the Business Strategies & performance Analysis.
· Try to correlate the Economy, Industry and Company.

· Give the presentation on the report prepared by myself, in front of various Analysts and get the feedback; to enhance the report.

· Writing the Articles on the economic issues.

Project (for Cygnus Business Consulting & Research Pvt. Ltd-during Internship)

On Automobile Industry

Going in depth of Automobile Industry, find out which segment of the industry is performing better and will have growth prospects. 

What are the growth drivers and core competencies to the companies
Inter firm analysis: comparison of NPM, OPM and capital market performance and try to find out the reasons
PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION
MS-Finance [Pursuing (Level-II)] from ICFAI
CFA- Pending last group.
Diploma in Business Finance from ICFAI in August 2009

MBA in Finance & HRM from Punjab Technical University, Jalandhar in Sep. 2007
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION 
P.G.D.C.A. From AISECT, Jabalpur in June’2006
Certificate in English Typing from M.P. Board, Bhopal in Feb.’2006
B.com from R.D.V.V. Jabalpur in April’2005.
12th from M.P. Board, Bhopal. Aug’2002.
10th from M.P. Board, Bhopal, March’1999.

PERSONAL DETAILS
 Name:

   
Mr. Arvind Singh Lodhi
 Father’s Name:
Late Yansingh Lodhi
 Sex: -       

Male
 Marital Status:       
Single

 Languages Known:   
English & Hindi

 Nationality: 

Indian
 Date of birth: - 
22/03/1982
 Passport No:

G9798962  
 Communication Address:        Room No-01, Ist Floor
                                              152/2/2, Ganga Estate, Next to Axis Bank

                                              Marunji Main Road, Hinjewadi

                                              Pune-411057
                                              Maharashtra
 Permanent Address:             H.No.-09, 
                                            Bhedaghat Road Tewar, 
                                            NH-12, 
                                            Jabalpur-482003
                                            Madhya Pradesh
DECLARATION
My basic graduation background has provided strong foundation to my basic analytical skill. Management education has equipped me with various skills which would help me to add significant value to my work, with same confidence; I place my candidature to your company as per your requirement. I hereby confirm that all information’s is given in this candidature are true to the best of my knowledge.

 Date:

 Place: Pune                                                                                               (Arvind Singh Lodhi)
