














































Page 1 of 3 

Prathap 

Email: prathap.aimit@gmail.com 

Mobile: +91-9743700572 

Summary 

 A competent, detail oriented professional with 4 year and 5 months of experience in 

Development, Database Design and Presentation using SQL Server. 

 Strong Experience in SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) and SQL Server Reporting 

Services (SSRS). 

 Expertise in coding and using cutting edge tools. 

 Productive in both team based as well as self-managed project. 

 Team player & effective communicator with strong analytical, problem solving & organizational 

abilities. 

 Key strengths include systematic thinking, problem-solving capability, and ability to learn new 

technologies quickly and could easily adapt to new environments. 

 

Professional Experience: 
 

 Experience in creating various types of reports like drill down, drill through, Parameterized, 

Cascading, Table, Charts, and Sub Reports etc. using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS). 

 Experience in monitoring, extracting and transforming data using SSIS, Import Export Wizard, 

and Bulk Insert. 

 Experience in High Level Design of ETL, SSIS Packages for integrating data 

using different connection managers from heterogeneous sources like (Excel, CSV, Oracle, flat 

file, Text Format Data) by using multiple transformations provided by SSIS such as Data 

Conversion, Conditional Split, Bulk Insert ,  Merge , union all etc. 

 Experience in writing expressions in SSRS and fine tuning the reports. 

 Excellent knowledge in creating Databases, Tables, Stored Procedures. 

 Designed Dashboards, Scorecards and reports using multiple KPI’s, SSRS Reports. 

 Experience in SSIS (Integration Service) package design, constructing, and deployment. 

 Experience in creating packages to transfer data between ORACLE, MS ACCESS and FLAT FILES 

to SQL SERVER using SSIS. 

 Experience in creating Parameterized Reports. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Page 2 of 3 

Technical Skills: 

 

    Databases                                :   MS SQL Server, Oracle, SQLite, PostgreSQL 

   Data Warehousing                     :   SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), 

   SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), ETL. 

Microsoft .Net Technologies : ASP.Net, ADO.Net, C#. Net  

Programming Languages  : C#.                                                                                        

Visual Stuio.NET : Visual Studio 2012/2010/2008. 

 

Educational Qualifications:  

Master of Computer Application, AIMIT, Mangalore, India 

Bachelors of Science, St. Aloysius College, Mangalore, India 

 

Experience:  

MResult Services Private Ltd, Mangalore 

July 2013 - Till Date 

Senior Software Developer  

Projects: 

Company: MResult Services Private Ltd, Mangalore. (1
st
 July 2013 - Till Date) 

1. Workforce Productivity Tracker 

Project Description: Workforce Productivity Tracker is a workbook built using SSIS and Tableau 

for LMH (Lawrence Memorial Hospital), USA. It is used by the members of the management who 

will be responsible for taking decisions based on the data provided by the dashboard. It contains 

Hospital Employee Payroll Details, Patient Details and Volume of Medicines Adjusted etc. 

Activities performed: ETL, Bug fixing. 

Platform: SQL Server 2010, SSIS. 

Client: LMH (Lawrence Memorial Hospital). 

 

2. Amgen Technical Services Data Entry Portal 

Project Description: Amgen Technical Services Data Entry Portal is an application for users and 

the Suppliers of Amgen. This portal will allow its users to enter data for Technical Services 

Metrics, generate/submit reports and also view different kinds of reports.  

Activities performed: Involved in task analysis, Coding, Bug fixing. 

Platform: ASP.NET 4.0, SQL Server 2010, C#. 

Client: Amgen. 



Page 3 of 3 

3. Astellas GDO Portal 

Project Description: Astellas GDO Portal is an application used by the clinical study GDO team 

who update the study status and other info which get saved in the database and in turn the other 

users (i.e. Users like admin, Project lead, financial Analyst etc.) can pull the report for the same 

application. This application bridges the gap between the teams who are required to have the 

study details and timely reports which are used in major analysis and decision making processes 

of the clinical study. 

Activities performed: Involved in design and development of application also Bug fixing of the 

same. 

Platform: ASP.NET 4.5, SQL Server 2010, C#. 

Client: Astellas. 

 

4. RMS (Resource Management System) 

Project Description: This application is used to manage MResult Employees in an effective way 

by providing various official features for the employees. Employees can use this application to get 

their salary slips, apply for leaves or any other requests can be made to IT/HR/Finance 

departments. HR can post any messages which all employees can read and Resource Managers 

can approve/reject leave requests. All the major sensitive data has been encrypted with 

advanced encryption algorithm. This application is built with .Net framework 4.5 version and 

Entity Framework with N-Layer Architecture. 

Activities performed: Involved in task analysis, Task review, Coding, Encryption, Bug fixing. 

Platform: C# .NET, SQL Server 2010. 

Client: MResult Services Pvt Ltd. 

 

Address: Pilar Prakash Nagar, 

                 P.O Kotekar, 

                Someshwara Village, 

      Karnataka, India 

                Mangalore – 575022 

D.O.B: 1st April 1989 


