





































Saket Mujumdar
E-mail:  saketmujumdar@gmail.com 
Mobile:  9737143730/9898268902
Objective
 To obtain a position on cutting edge of core organization and willing to work in a team of challenging and professional environment and determined to succeed.
Qualification   
•   Completed Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics & Communication Branch from RGPV Technical University of M.P, with 65% aggregate marks June 2010. 
•   HSSCE passed out in 2005 from Kopal Higher Secondary School, Bhopal under M.P. Board with 67.77%.
•   HSCE passed out in 2003 from, Kopal Higher Secondary School, Bhopal under M.P. Board with 71.42%.
Computer Skills
•   Computer Proficiency: C, C++, Java, VHDL
•   Application software: “M S Office”
Professional Experience:
Collabera 
Jan 11- Present
Technical Recruiter
Responsibilities:
· Experience in recruiting for different clients like Microsoft, AT&T and Qualcomm.
· Involved in Full Recruitment life cycle which includes but not limited to sourcing, screening, closing, negotiation, submission and delivery of the candidates.
· Building relations with candidates..
· Building a proactive pipeline of qualified candidates.
· Mainly focusing on positions like Java Developer, C#/NET Developer, Architect, Software Design Engineer (SDE), SDET, STE, and Project Managers.   
 Major Project- Local Positioning System (LPS)
      This project is a portable assembly of components and modules, which works on the same underlying principles as its global counterpart “The Global Positioning System”. The G.P.S. consists of a constellation of satellites, which is used, in the navigation of an object (usually car or aircraft) anywhere in the world. Our L.P.S. works on the same lines and consists of a similar constellation of “Electronic Modules”. To exactly locate the position of an object with respect to a fixed reference within a restricted defined area. The project finds wide range of applications in big institutes, universities, hospitals, offices & organizations.
Industrial Training – Details 
Training Centre:
Crisp, Bhopal
Duration:
Four Weeks Program
Details:

The training covered basic knowledge of VLSI designing                                                          like designing CMOS, designing with schematics and VHDL programming. 
Co-Curricular Activities
•   Presented paper on “BLU-RAY DISC” in GLOBITS’ 08 (College TechFest)  
•   Passed till 5th year from GANDHARV University and till 4th year from KHERAGARH University in Tabla.                                                                                                       
Personal Information
Date of Birth

:   20 MAY 1987
Marital Status

:   Unmarried
Languages known
:   English, Hindi, Marathi
Hobbies

:   Playing Tabla, Meditation 
Declaration:  
I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars.
Date:
  
Place:                                                                              


(Saket Mujumdar)
