





















































  Pooja G Patil		                
  Tulasi Ladies pg
    Nagawara					                      Phone:  +91- 8951589896   
  Bangalore-560045		                                           	E-mail: poojapatil2274@gmail.com


 Worked as Jr Software Developer(Database Developer) in Chegus Infotech with:

· 1+ years of relevant experience in different phases of SDLC mainly Database maintenance, database migration.
· Experience in Basics Java, MS Sql and Jasper Report.
· Experience on support, maintenance and bug fixes.

                                                                                                                              
TECHNICAL EXPERTISE

Technologies & Frameworks	: MS SQL Server 2008, MS SQL Server 2014, Basic Oracle
App/Web Servers		: Tomcat 6.x, 7.x
Scripting Languages		: HTML and CSS
Source Code Control		: SVN

EMPLOYMENT SUMMARY 

·  Jr Software Developer in Chegus Infotech, Bangalore from April 2017 May 2018.

PROJECT DETAILS

1. GENIE - GEN - Non-Life Insurance Software Management Application
	
Company			:  Chegus Infotech.
Technology    			:   Database.
Responsibility    	:  Created tables, Views, functions and Stored Procedure required for development.
Client	: SOGAM – Guinean Insurance and Reinsurance Company, Conakry, Guinea
Team Size		           	:    2

GENIE - GEN is a flexible suite of insurance software solution and dedicated for supporting the needs of insurance underwriters, agents and brokers in General Insurance. It covers the complete lifecycle of the business, including client management, underwriting, claims, reinsurance, accounting and management information and caters for a very wide range of classes. The product is divided into several modules depends on the functionality like Security Module, Product Factory Module, Intermediary Management Module, New Business Module, Underwriting module etc.




2. GENIE - RE - Reinsurance Software Management Application
	
Company			:   Chegus Infotech.
Technology   			:   Database
Responsibility	: Created tables, Views, functions and Stored Procedure required for development.
Client				:   SENRE – Senegal, South Africa
Team Size		           	:   2

GENIE - RE is a reinsurance software solution for the reinsurance industry to manage the entire range of reinsurance contracts and activities for all lines of business including accounting functionality and reporting capabilities. The product is divided into several modules depends on the functionality like Security Module, Treaty Management Module, Underwriting Management Module, Accounting Module etc.


3. GENIE - LI – Life Insurance Software Management Application
	
Company			:  Chegus Infotech.
Technology	                        :  Database
Responsibility	: Created tables, Views, functions and Stored Procedure required for    development.
Team Size		           	:   2

GENIE - LI is a Life Insurance software solution for the insurance industry to manage the entire range of insurance contracts and activities for all lines of business including accounting functionality and reporting capabilities. The product is divided into several modules depends on the functionality like Security Module, Treaty Management Module, Underwriting Management Module, Accounting Module etc.

 

ACOMPLISHMENTS

· Best Performer of the Quarter for Multi-tasking activities for the period of Jan 2018 to March 2018.
· Received an appreciation from the client for implementing some of the major and crucial requirements successfully.
· Published Paper under the title Android based Smart and Low Cost Personal Area Network Using Internet of Things in IJESC International journal.










ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION


	Qualification
	University/College
	Year of Passing
	Aggregation

	B.E
(Computer Science)
	KLE  College of Engineering and Technology
Chikodi
	2016
	64.59%

	PUC
(PCMB)
	Tungal PU Science College Bijapur

	2012
	68.66%

	SSLC
	SVS High school Sankonatti
	2010
	82.24%




PERSONAL SKILLS

· Effective and enthusiastic team player
· Quick leaner and adaptable
· Organized and cooperative

  
PERSONAL DETAILS

Father’s Name            : Gurupad G.Patil
Mother’s Name           : Sujata G.Patil
DOB			:  27-04-1994
Gender			:  Female
Languages known 	:  English, Kannada and Hindi.
Interests		:  Singing, Traveling, Listening songs, Playing, Gardening.


I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.


Place: Bangalore						                  Pooja G Patil  

2

2
	
