















































Priyank Dave

Linux Admin

Anand, Gujarat 388001 priyankdave.cmpica@gmail.com - 9726867609

Seeking a challenging position, which will permit me to use and enhance my skills in a progressive and dynamic organization with an experience of 3 years as a technical support engineer


Willing to relocate: Anywhere


WORK EXPERIENCE

Linux Administration

Atos Global IT Solutions & Services Pvt. Ltd  -  Vadodara, Gujarat -

December 2016 to Present

Roles & Responsibilities

Carries out Linux administration activities including Health checks, Incident Management,  Change Management, Problem Management, Query and Service Level Management activities;
Responds to enquiries and is able to deal effectively with a broad range of issues.
Carries out planning and tracking of tasks, for the subordinates.
Supervises and gives instruction to less experienced colleagues in all aspects of current and correct operational practice.
Responds to enquiries and is able to deal effectively with a broad range of problems of moderate complexity
Interaction and resolution issues of complex in coordination with vendor
Assists in the analysis of incidents and problems to show trends and potential problem areas, so that action can be taken to minimize the occurrence of incidents and to improve the process of problem reporting, 
analysis and clearance.
Obtains data to assist in the investigation and resolution of problems.
2nd line support engineer

atos india  -  Vadodara, Gujarat -

June 2015 to December 2016

Project : GDF_SUEZ(" ENGIE ")-france based company

I am working for service line 2 -Monitoring and scheduling team. Roles and Responsibilities :
1.Monitoring : Monitor hpomi tool , and identify the alerts or alarm and route it to the correct service line like Wintel , Unix , Oracle, sql , Middleware , citrix, storage , backup etc and Some times to onsite expertise team.
2. Scheduling : Put the servers , databases and sap instances in Maintenance mode on user request or as per technical requirement.

Using 3 tools for scheduling , VTOM, Autosys, and Data center. I am monitoring database events which are scheduled by experts. i am responsible if any backup, archive, full backup are not run as per schedule. I also run the jobs on user requests and in case of job failure.

PHP Developer

Anand Agricultural University  -  Anand, Gujarat -
October 2014 to June 2015

Responsibilities

I am developing a web application for anand agricultural university,Anand. Name of this application is Web Based farm Management Information System.

Skills Used

Php,Mysql,Javascript,bootstrap,jquery

Jr. Software Developer

Infobizzs  -  Anand, Gujarat -

April 2014 to October 2014

Responsibilities

I developed an application for maintaining student records and faculty-student interaction for activities, academic calenders and fees structure. I teach students SDLC and definition of their academic project, also teach them php fundamentals.

Skills Used

Php,mysql, c,bootstrap,yii framework(little), wordpress(theme integration)


EDUCATION

MCA

CHARUSAT University

2014





BCA

S P University  -  Anand, Gujarat

2011


SKILLS

Linux Servers Administration ,Microsoft Office, VTOM,Data Center,autosys, hpomi, 


CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES

ITIL V3 Foundation

March 2016 to Present


ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Operating Systems: MS Windows, linux

Tools: VTOM.HPOMI,AUTOSYS,DATA CENTER(Monitoring and scheduling tools)




· Good technical knowledge 

· Ability to isolate and solve problems 

· Good analytical skills 

· Self confidence 

· Strong communication and client interaction skills 

· Good listening skills 

· Calm under pressure 

· Patient 

 
