














































Shrikant Resume

SHRIKANT.R                                                                                               Email: shrikant84r@gmail.com 

                                                                                                                               Contact no. # 0-9448965437   


OBJECTIVE:
To work in a challenging environment where I can enhance and deliver my talent, technical skills to the best of my capabilities, which also includes seeking excellence in the accounting, Indian payroll ,financial field through motivation and hard work to strive to achieve personal excellence as well as objectives of the organization.
ABILITIES:

The abilities I possess are technical ability with an inherent aptitude to give attention to details. Full of patience and perseverance

SUMMARY:

4 Years of experience as a Finance/Account Executive.
AREA OF INTEREST:

Mutual Fund, Derivatives, Credit Appraisal, Credit Analysis Working Capital Management, Payroll
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:

: MBA in Finance from Justice K S Hegde Institute of Management Nitte, (Visveswarya Technological    University, Belgaum) in 2007. [64%]

: B.Com from College of Commerce Sirsi (Karnataka University Dharwad) in 2005 [78%]

: PUC from M.M Arts and Science college Sirsi in 2002 [65%]

: SSLC from Progressive High School Sirsi in 2000 [52%]

WORK EXPERIENCE:

Currently on the rolls of Infosys BPO Ltd.(Deputed to Infosys Technologies Ltd-India Payroll) as a ‘Finance Executive’ from Nov-08 till date.(Joined Infosys as a consultant during August-07 and continued to work till Nov-08 with Job profile as a Finance Executive )  
client handled and the activities performed (August 2007 -till date)

Infosys Technologies Ltd. –Infosys BPO Ltd.

Project


 Finance-Accounts, Payroll
Role 


 
 Payroll analyst 
Team Size                          16

Responsibilities
· Handling employee related queries related to Indian Payroll and settlement.

· Uploading and processing the Salary, with the help of accounting software called SAP.
· Providing necessary data to other departments within the organisation (MIS Reports) on a monthly basis which helps in making the analysis to us and the top management. 

· Uploading in system with the help of accounting software, SAP so that net pay can be credited and recovery will be advisable to the employee.
· Generating the payslips and cross checking the manual calculation with the help of system so that final checking can be performed before sending the payment files. 

· Accountings of earnings and deductions of the employees at the end of finalization of the salary.

· Reconciliation of Salary Payable Schedules at the end of every month ends. 

· Having the good knowledge in the General Ledger Accounting which helps to make the analysis of various job activities.

 ACHIVEMENTS:

: Achieved “RAMP” awards consecutively for best Performance in the team. 
: Achieved a highest rating in each ‘Performance evaluation cycle’, with error free functionality.
: Diploma in computer application, Tally, MS office 2007, SAP
: Awarded with gift vouchers for Best performer in Indian Salary team at Infosys.
: Appropriate usage of web applications.
: Good communication and mail drafting skills
SPECIALIZATION
: Proficiency in SAP Application and MS excel (Indian Salary as a part)

: Handled Very Large work flow in salary processing, accounting, finance, development environments.
: Considering future growth reorganization of various workflow and time management as per needs.

Personal information

NAME



:  
         SHRIKANT.R
FATHER’S NAME                :                   RAMACHANDRA.D.BHAT
DATE OF BIRTH

: 
         14/07/1984
Contact No                        :                   09448965437
Email                                 :                   shrikant84r@gmail.com 
PRESENT ADDRESS           :                  C/o M. Venkatesh Door # G-10, 
 




         Muniappa Building Chikkatoguru Gate,





                   2nd Cross, Near Poonam Furniture 

 




         Electronic City Post, Hosa Road Bangalore
   




         Bangalore-560 100   





PERMANENT ADDRESS      :                  S/o R.D Bhat, “SHREEDHAM” Sirsikar Plot Vijay nagar,
                                                            Nilekani Post, SIRSI Dist: Uttar Kannada 

                                                            Pin Code – 581 403 [Karnataka]                                                            


