






















































RESUME


Sandhya S

No.7, 3rd Main    




Contact Number and Email:                                                               


Nadamma Layout,                                                                      

       Bommannahalli,



+91-9620416149

Bangalore-560068

  


sandhyashankar2510@gmail.com     

          Professional Summary:                                                

 

                                                                                                                       

· Having 2 years of experience in Testing Mobile applications in iPhone and Android Technologies.
· Having good exposure in OOP’s Concepts.

· Worked on Mobile Application Testing.

· Experienced in Testing iPhone ,Android and Blackberry.

           Experience History:
· Worked as a Software Test Engineer in Bostnic Software PVT Ltd, Bangalore from 20th October 2009 to Feb 2013.
Educational Qualifications:
· B.E (ISE) from The Oxford College of Engineering, Bangalore in 2009 (65%).
· 12th (PCMB) in First Class (65.8%).
· 10th   standard in First Class with 85%.
             Additional Qualification:
· Completed  Diploma in java Technology from NIIT during the term period from 
            May 2012 to November 2012.
           Software Proficiency:
          
Operating Systems

:
Windows XP, Mac OS X

Language


:
JAVA, Objective C


Web Technologies

:
Servlets 

Web Server


:
Tomcat

    
Database


:
Oracle, MS SQL

 IDE      
                  
:
Eclipse and Xcode

 Tools                                          :
SOAP-UI

Project: #3       : 21st Century

Client                 :   Farmers Insurance Pvt Ltd


Team size         :   6


Environment     :   XCode , COCOA Touch and Objective-C


     Platform             :   Mac OS 6.0


Project Description:

App feature include the following things:

1. View and Manage customer policy

2. View or Pay Bills

3. Road side Assistance


Project: #2      : Farmers’ iFarmers(SM) application
Client                 :   Farmers Insurance Pvt Ltd

Team size         :   4
Environment     :   XCode, COCOA Touch and Objective-C

Platform             :   Mac OS 6.0

Project Description:

IFarmers(SM) is the Apple iPhone App that lets Farmers’ customer stay in touch with Farmers around the clock. This product allows you to perform many of your insurance related activities anytime anywhere 24/7 basis when connected over Wi-Fi or 3G. It has many built-in features enhancing the effectiveness of customer interactions with Farmers Insurance. 


Project: #1       : Farmers’ iFarmers(SM) application

Client                 :   Farmers Insurance Pvt Ltd

Team size         :   4
Environment     :   Android
Platform             :   Java
Project Description:

IFarmers(SM) is the Apple iPhone App that lets Farmers’ customer stay in touch with Farmers around the clock. This product allows you to perform many of your insurance related activities anytime anywhere 24/7 basis when connected over Wi-Fi or 3G on Android Phones. It has many built-in features enhancing the effectiveness of customer interactions with Farmers Insurance. 

    Personal Profile:
· Father’s Name 
   :    Mr. L.Shankar.

· Date of Birth
   :    25/10/1986.

· Nationality      
   :    Indian.             

· Languages       
   :    English,Kannada,Telugu and Hindi
  Declaration:
I hereby declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge.                                                                                                

Place:  Bangalore                                                                 
Date:  




   



(Sandhya.S)

