















































Anantha Rama Krishnan

Anantha Rama Krishnan L                                          No.1 First Main Street,

                                                                               Ganesh Nagar, Madipakkam,

                                                                               Chennai – 600091, Tamil Nadu

                                                                               Phone – 044 22470186

                                                                               Mob – 91 - 9884176331   
B-Com and CA Inter with 5 years’ experience in Ford Business Services Center Pvt Ltd
Objective: To become a successful Accounting and Customer services professional                           
Professional Qualification:

· C.A. PE - II
· Completed in Nov 2006
Academic:
	Sl.no
	Course
	Institution/University
	Year

Of completion
	Class

	1 
	B.com
	Prince Shri Venkateshwara Arts and Science College
	June 2002
	I

	2
	10+2
	Modern Senior Secondary School – CBSE
	March 1999
	I



	3
	10th 
	Modern Senior Secondary School – CBSE
	March 1997
	I


Computer:
    Completed PC Professional Course in CSC 

               Completed the Compulsory Computer Training Program conducted by CA  

               institute in APTECH College.

Personal data:

        Father’s Name: S.Lakshmipathy

         Age/D.O.B    :30/20-12-1981

         Nationality/Religion: Indian/Hindu

         Marital status: Married

         Language (Read & Write): English, Tamil and Hindi.
Salary Expected:

Current CTC – 500000 Approx

Expected CTC – 600000

Extra curricular activities:

 Watching TV, Internet and Sports.

Reference:
	Ganesh Mohan, Senior Manager

Shell Business Services Center,

No. 25, Rathina Puram,

B V Nagar, Nanganallur,

Chennai – 600 061


	Mohamed 

51, C M Complex,
Madipakkam,
Opp.Kumaran Theater,
Chennai - 600 091



Work Experience & Knowledge: 

· Three years & six months in Statutory, Internal Audits & Other Analysis.
Handled the Statutory Audits for various companies that is mainly Cash Bank Voucher checking, Reconciliations, Preparation of Final accounts etc.
Five Years in Business Services Sector – Ford Business Services Center.

· Collections process for Ford Credit USA
Handled the collections activity for Ford Credit Operations USA from August 2006 to June 2007. On a daily basis the balance due accounts are reviewed for reasons and appropriate actions are taken to collect the balance from the customer or write off the balance to loss accordingly.

Handled the Transition of process related Issue and Stop payment of Customer Checks Payments from June 2007 to March 2008. I was part of the team who launched the process of stop payment of checks and processing the accounting Journal entry (in PeopleSoft Accounts) in the books for updating the same. As part of this process which was a single desk process I have handled the process and improved it effectively where by I was appreciated and recognized by our customer Ford Credit USA and also by the Local Management.

As part of this process I also handled the reviewing and Reconciling the suspense/Clearing Accounts (in PeopleSoft System) by providing the reason for the balance appearing in the account and taking appropriate corrective action to clear the items.

· Worked as a Team Leader for the Collections, Disbursement and Account Adjustment team
As a Team Leader I led the team handling the collections process from April 2008 to Nov 2010. Where I handled the people who were responsible for the collections process, also I handled the approval process of writing off the balance to loss if it was not collectible.

As a Team Leader I have handled the Disbursement team where in we will check the reason for overages appearing in the customer account and prepare the disbursement for releasing the overage to the customer, Dealer or third party appropriately.

In Account Adjustment I have handled various teams in Ford Credit mainly; Reschedule of Customer Accounts, Due Date Change and Extensions processing in Customer Accounts, FCN – Financial Change Notice processing in Customer accounts (We process the financial changes in the customer loan accounts based on approved requests).
Reconciling the suspense/Clearing Accounts by reviewing the reason for the balance appearing in the account and taking appropriate corrective action to clear the items.

As a Team Leader I also had the responsibility of reporting the daily and monthly metrics to the management on the performance of the team.

As part of the operations I have also handled the completion of Control Self Assessment for S-Ox Compliance for my department and have also supported other teams in completing the Same.

In addition to the regular activities of operations I handled the training process for new recruits in to our department and I had trained two more persons to handle the training process in my absence.
· Internal Control team to complete the S-Ox Compliance for the Ford Credit Europe
As part of Internal Control team I have been supporting the Internal Control Office in Europe directly. I have handled the transition of moving the Control Self Assessment completed in paper to Global automated platform autoMCRP – (Automatic Modular Control Review Program).

I have experience of travelling to UK and France for completing the Control Self Assessment for various operations in Europe Ford Credit. I still have a valid UK Business Visa up to Oct 2011.
Declaration
I here by declare all the above said information’s are true to the best of my knowledge & belief. 
                                                                           Anantha Rama Krishnan L
Place: Chennai
Date : July 13, 2011
