














































http://bit.ly/infoworld

CURRICULUM VITAE
	
	Bindu M S
D/O Shambuling
“Gowri Krupa”, TVS Layout
Mydala Road Kyathsandra

Karnataka Dt.

TUMAKURU-572102
Phone :+918197703318

E-mail:bindusmashal@gmail.com



	
	Objectives
 To pursue a challenging career in leading and progressive research organization offering opportunities for utilizing my skills towards the growth of the organization.
Education
EXAM
DISCIPLINE
INSTITUTE NAME
UNIVERSITY/BOARD
PERCENTAGE
YEAR OF PASSING
BE

Computer Science
Channabasaveshwara Institute Of Technology-Gubbi
 Visvesvaraya Technological University, Belgaum
64.87
2016

PUC

PCMB

Sarvodaya PU College-Tumakuru
PU Board
72.6
2012
SSLC
Chethana Vidya Mandira-Tumakuru
KSEEB
85.76
2010
Projects Undertaken:

· Major Project: “An effective availability manager for VMs on data center”
· Objective:  To create an availability manager to monitor the status of virtual machines on data centers. The goal of this project is to create an availability manager to monitor the status of Virtual Machines on a datacenter in a Vsphere server using Java and VMware web services SDK. The project monitors both virtual machines and hosts for failure. When a failure is detected first the host is checked for failure. If the host has failed, an attempt to reconnect is done. If the reconnection fails, another host is searched for migrating virtual machines. If no other host is present, a new host is added and vm is restarted on that host. If virtual machine fails, it is reverted to an old cached image. The caching of images is done every 10 minutes. All the task mentioned are automated.
Skill sets:

· C, C++ (Basics)
· Database management MySQL
· Java(Basics)
· Web languages HTML,XHTML,CSS,PHP
Strength

· Ability to work in a team.

· A good listener and learner with positive attitude.

· Always leading from the front.

· Ability to learn new things.
 Personal Profile:
Name                      :  Bindu  M S
Father’s name         : Shambuling
Date of Birth           :  07th November 1994
Sex                          : Female 

Marital Status         : Single

Languages Known  :  Kannada, English and Hindi

Nationality              : Indian          

Date:
Place:Tumakuru                                                                                      Signature: BINDU M S


	
	


( Page 3 | [Type your e-mail address]

