














































 

 

 

Baskaran S                                                                                                tpgit.bas07@gmail.com 

Drupal Developer                                                                                     +91 96633 06795 

   

Career objective 

   To work with an organization which is progressive and giving me an opportunity to reveal my 

talents while continuously contributing to the growth of the organization and thus my career 

growth. 

Summary  

 Having 5.1 years of experience in developing web application using PHP, Drupal and 

MySQL.  

 Currently associated with Mindtree Pvt. Ltd. Bangalore as Senior Developer. 

 Good knowledge in creating and customizing Drupal themes & modules.  

 Experience in Client interaction, requirement gathering & functional specifications. 

 Exposure in HTML, JQuery, and CSS also gained some hands on experience in Node 

and knockout JS.  

 Exceptional communication, collaboration & team building skills with proficiency at 

grasping new technical concepts quickly and utilizing the same in a productive manner.  

 Fast Learner, highly motivated, creative and work well in a team or lone environment. 
 

Skills  

 Drupal 7 & 8 

 Drush 

 GIT 

 SEO 

 PHP, MYSQL 

 HTML,CSS, Bootstrap 

 JQuery, AJAX 

 Jenkins, CircleCI 

 JIRA 

 Eclipse IDE, 
Netbeans 

 Linux, OSX, 
Windows 

 

 

Educational Qualification 

 Bachelor of Engineering (Electronics & Communication) from Thanthai Periyar 
Government Institute of Technology in 2011 Secured 74.06% 

 HSC from Government HS School, Arani in 2007 Secured 84.66%  
 SSLC from Government HS School, Arani in 2005 Secured 79%  

 

Professional Experience 

Organization Designation Duration 

Mindtree Ltd Module Lead Mar 2015 – Till date 

Capgemini India Pvt Ltd Senior Software Engineer Oct 2012 – Mar 2015 

mailto:tpgit.bas07@gmail.com


 

 

Professional Certifications 

 Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist (MCTS),( Microsoft SQL Server 2008, 
Database Development) 

 Rank Sheet Certified Professional in C#, CSS, HTML and PHP  
 Completed Course of Diploma in DotNet Technologies in NIIT 

 

Key responsibilities handled:  

 Customized the theme according to the designed structure. 

 Good knowledge in creating Drupal themes and subthemes 

 Worked on most of the Drupal contributed modules. 

 Worked on most of the Drupal Hook API’s. 

 Worked on multilingual & Multi-site and Performed language translation. 

 Good in Drupal core system components, custom module and theme development 

 Contributed many modules for Project specific like SchemaOrg, Ads implementations. 

 Expert in configuration management system in Drupal & handled with features module. 

 Worked on advanced reusable Ctools plugins. 

 Good in Taxonomy, Panels, Context, Metatags and features. 

 Worked on advanced views configuration and custom views handler. 

 Worked on Custom view modes and Custom field formatters. 

 Good working knowledge of Drupal block contents, layouts and using views module 

 Developed suitable themes and implemented modules based on the requirements 

 Worked on drush commands and custom drush commands created. 

 Coding and Deploying of the website by using JENKINS. 

 Coding standards are followed by using CIRCLE CI and coder module. 

 Having knowledge on GIT version control system. 

 Solved user interface related bugs related to HTML, jQuery and CSS.  

 Worked on responsive redesign pages by using Bootstrap. 

 Basic knowledge on Knockout and Node JS. 

 Worked on SQL and database abstraction layer.  

 

Main Role & responsibility:  

 Analysis and implement the functionality based on the client requirement. 

 Debugging the system as per the change requirement of the client. 

 Maintenance and production support based on the Jira Tickets. 

 Experience in creation and execution of unit test cases for applications developed.  

 Involved in coding, developing and delivery of the website to the delivery manager. 

 Creating user manual and functional specific documents. 

 Prepared reports like Metrics, Sprint, and Burndown reports. 

 Involved in the discussion in understanding the technical architecture along with the 

team. 



 

 

 Discussion with business for more information related to issues 

 Filled variety of development roles, both in leadership and non-leadership positions. 

 Released the end product to the client. 

 

Achievements 

 Unstoppable award for delivering the city guide project. 
 Hats Off award for the efforts and dedication I put in delivering challenging tasks and 

training new team members.  

 Hats Off award for winning Drupal Quiz Buzzer. 

 A-TEAM award for taking sessions on “Discover Drupal”. 

 4.5 out of 5 rated Senior Software Engineer. 
 

Work Exposure 

Project #1: Southernliving 

 

Client: Time Inc 

Duration: Dec 2016 till now 

      It is a widely read lifestyle magazine aimed at readers in the Southern United States featuring 
recipes, house plans, garden plans, and information about Southern culture and travel. 

Tools & Technologies: Drupal 7.x, PHP, MySql, Apache, JQuery, Knockout JS, Netbeans, GIT. 

Contribution: 

 

 Worked on responsive redesign of the full site using Bootstrap 
 Gave technical support for the production releases. 
 Developed code and implemented modules with accurate functionality. 
 I have created responsive panel layout and plugins. 
 Created reusable custom pager module to improve SEO. 

 

 

Project #2: Essence 

 

Client: Time Inc 

Duration: Jan 2016 – Oct 2016 

      Essence is a monthly magazine for African American women between the ages of 18 and 49. 
It is the only magazine that focuses on reaching an audience of black women, revolves around 
the black woman experience, and has remained for a long period of time. 

Tools & Technologies: Drupal 7.x, PHP, MySql, Apache, Ajax, JQuery, Knockout JS, 
Netbeans, GIT. 



 

 

Contribution: 

 

 Developed different custom modules for project specific functionalities.  
 Worked on taxonomy to categories the contents. 
 Worked on social share integration. 
 Migrated content from xml to drupal using feed importer. 

 

Project #3: Sunset 

 

Client: Time Inc 

Duration: Apr 2015 – Nov 2015 

     Sunset is a lifestyle magazine in the United States. Sunset focuses on homes, cooking, 
gardening and travel, with a focus almost exclusively on the Western United States. 

Tools & Technologies: Drupal 7.x, PHP, MySql, Apache, JQuery, Netbeans, GIT. 

Contribution: 

 

 Developed a Module to extract web site contents to JSON format.  
 Worked on SEO related tickets to improve site performance by using metatag module. 
 Developed custom module for Schema org to improve SEO . 
 Created custom drush commands for various purposes like updating data in existing 

content. 

 

Project #4: Psoriasis360 PT 

 

Client: Johnson & Johnson 

Duration: May 2014 – Dec 2014 

     This project is a healthcare domain project. This website is developed for the people who are 
mentally retarded and awaring them ways to reduce the Psoriasis. Calendar and video playlist 
functionality is implemented, it is multilingual site. 

Tools & Technologies:  Drupal 6.x, PHP, MySql, Apache, JQuery, Notepad++, SVN. 

Contribution: 

 Multilingual site built on English and Portuguese language by using 
Internationalization module. 

 Worked on Interface and string translations. 
 Worked on variable, content, menu and block translation functionalities. 
 Bulk translations are exported/imported using PO files. 

 

 

 



 

 

Project #5: Janssen EMEA 

 

Client: Johnson & Johnson 

Duration: Dec 2013 – May 2014 

     This project is a healthcare domain project. Janssen Emea  is a complex illness in which 

people have difficulties in their thought processes leading to hallucinations, delusions, 

disordered thinking and unusual speech or behaviour (known as ‘psychotic symptoms’).  

Tools & Technologies:  Drupal 6.x, PHP, MySql, Apache, JQuery, Notepad++, SVN. 

Contribution: 

 Have created different content types and also designed pages. 
 Worked on taxonomy to categories the pages. 
 Have worked on Support tickets for both design & development issues. 

 

Project #6: Janssen immunology 

 

Client: Johnson & Johnson 

Duration: May 2013 – Nov 2013 

     This application is developed in Drupal for health care professionals (HCP) to categorize the 
diseases, Upcoming event items, filtering article.  Health care professionals having an access for 
updating articles & upcoming events. We have used all the important modules of Drupal and 
utilizing in base as well as in sub sites. 

Tools & Technologies:  Drupal 6.x, PHP, MySql, Apache, JQuery, Ajax, Notepad++, SVN. 

Contribution: 

 Have created base theme and subthemes. 
 I have worked on new sub site development, CR and UAT fixes for all the sub sites 
 Have worked on Support tickets for both design & development issues. 
 Worked on custom module development, users, roles and permissions. 

            Personal Details 

Father’s Name          :  Shanmugam G 

Mother’s Name         :  Umarani 

Sex                            :  Male 

Date of Birth             :  29-12-1989 

Languages Known    :  English, Tamil 

Declaration 

I hereby solemnly declare that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge. 

                                                                                                                               BASKARAN S 


