

















































SAKINA .S. SHAIKH

Sakina Shaikh
1001, B-Wing, Umarji House,

Telli Galli, Andheri (East), Mumbai-069.

Contact No: 9892252809

Email: saki_13789@yahoo.com

                                             

Executive Summary

6 years of experience in Java EE - Web Application and web services Development.
Experience in implementing LDAP Authentication, ADFS SSO, Kerberos SSO, OAuth on Jboss and Weblogic application server and Development of monitoring tools. 
Experience in Web Security assessment (using tool like Burp Suite, ZAP) and Application migration from JBoss AS 6 to Wildfly 10 application Server.
Experience in Eclipse Plugin development using Mylyn plugin.
Experience in developing web based applications using Struts 1.3 ,Struts 2, Spring and web services.

Background includes development of technical specifications, programming and implementations, documentation, unit testing and deployment of application. 

Technical Skill Set

	Development Tools
	Databases
	Web Technologies
	Servers
	Web Security and Performance Tools 

	Eclipse Neon 2 

IBM RAD 6.0

Toad for Oracle, SQL workbench

Firestorm

SOAP UI

Oracle SQL Developer

MS SQL Studio

	Oracle 11g

MS SQL Server 2013
	Struts 1.3, 2

Spring 3

JSP, Servlets

AJAX

Web services

Javascript

JMS
	JBoss 6 and Wildfly 10.1.0
Weblogic 12 c
Websphere AS
Tomcat 6 & 7

IBM Content Manager 8.4

Webspere Process Server 7
	JProfiler
Burp Suite



Version Control : SVN and GIT
Professional Education

Master of Science in Information Technology (M.Sc.- IT) –Passed with distinction. 

Bachelor of Science in Information Technology (B.Sc.- IT) 

	Semester I
	Semester II
	Semester III
	Semester IV
	Semester V
	Semester VI

	64%
	84%
	91%
	90%
	74%
	78%


Pre-University Education

	Class
	Aggregate Percentage

	S.S.C.
	80.66%

	H.S.C.
	83.00%


Key Projects Undertaken  

       1. SwiftALM -- DIGITE INFOTECH PVT  LTD

Product Details:

SwiftALM is an Enterprise-Wide Project and Portfolio Management Web-Based Tool 
that facilitates an organization to manage and track various details of its projects.It 
gives facilities for Resource Management and DashBoard Reporting. 

Responsibilities:

Migration from JBoss AS 6 to Wildfly 10

ADFS, Kerberos SSO Implementation

Implemented LDAP authentication

Implemented Google Auth

Application Vulnerability Assessment.

Development of monitoring tools

Technical Details:

JBoss AS 6 , Weblogic 12c

SQL Server 2013 and Oracle

2.  WCH(Working Capital Hub) -- POLARIS
Client : BCA(Bank of Central Asia and Indonesia)

Duration : 3 months
Project Details:

It is an application which processes loans. (Opening loan account on the bases of invoices for different products like Receivable Finance, Payable Finance , Reverse Factoring) and Loan Repayment.

Responsibilities: 


1. Development and maintenance.

             Technical Details:

             WebLogic server

             Oracle database

3.  Polad Decentralisation -- BIRLA SUNLIFE INSURANCE
Client: Birla Sun Life Insurance

Duration: 8 months 

Team Size: 4

Role: Application Developer

Project Details:
It is an integration on Talisma(CRM) application and Ingenium(Core App). The cases(Withdrawal/Surrender cases) are processed through this application. This include web services, web application (to approve/reject vouchers), WPS(to poll and further process the flow).

Responsibilities: 

Development of Web application and web services.
Enhancement in the WPS module
Test particular module & Deployment on server (UAT & production).

Handling support issues.

            Technical Details:

              Application built in Struts 2 framework.

              Deployed on Apache Tomcat 7 server.

              Database used : MS SQL Server 2008

              WAS 7 and WPS 7
 EAPP Portal -- BIRLA SUNLIFE INSURANCE
     Client

: Birla Sunlife Insurance Company


 Role


: Application Development 

            Team Size
: 8
     Technical Details
: Spring 3, Struts 2, Microsoft SQL Server
           Description
: 

EAPP is an Integration project developed for Sales team to given an additional or extended Service to the Customer. Customer or Sales executives fill up application form through various channels of EAPP frontend. The Application data is then processed in Integration flow and Underwriter decision from automated system is confirmed back to Customer. This application offers extended services to customers by providing them information about the eligibility of their Insurance Policy.

  The whole process from data processing and confirming final decision back to customer is done in 2-3 minutes. Implementing this process will increase sales and services of customer.


Employment History

Currently working with Digite Infotech Pvt Ltd Since May 2015 till date.

Previous employer Polaris (Intellect Design Arena) from Nov 2014 to April 2015.

Previous employer Mindcraft Softwares Pvt Ltd  from Aug 2011 to Aug 2014

Personal Details:

	Gender:

	Female

	Marital Status:

	Unmarried

	Languages Known:
	English, Hindi, and Marathi


I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Place: Mumbai 
