














































      
 
 J NAVEEN AKASH 
 naveenakash.j@gmail.com 
 Mob: 91-9036252783              
 

 CAREER OBJECTIVE:      

 
 To enhance and apply my functional and technical skills for optimal contribution to the growth of the 
company and team. To bring out a rewarding career for myself. 
 
 
 
Career Summary 

 Currently working as Unix System administrator at IBM India Pvt Ltd 

 Working in a team of   Unix Engineers handling about 300+ UNIX Servers which include IBM AIX 

(HMCs, VIOs and PSeries Machines), RHEL  and SUSE Linux servers 

 Expertise in handling AIX and RHEL administration and troubleshooting incidents 

 Experienced in HMC and VIOS  

 Incident and Change management for AIX , RHEL and SUSE Linux  environment 
 Strong background in providing user training and support documentation 
 Good Communication and inter-personal skills 
 Comfortable at working individually as well as in a team 

 
             

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

 
                  IBM     :  2.1 Years of  experience as Unix System Administrator 
                  Client  :  Retails Sector UK accounts 
 
     IBM      :   2.3 Years of experience as Senior Operations Professional 
             Client  :   US Petroleum , Education and Banking Accounts 
 
Project Summary and Responsibilities in IBM from Mar 2016 – till date – Unix System Admin 

 
  Responsible for managing servers which include IBM AIX (HMCs, VIOs and PSeries Machines), 

RHEL and SUSE servers 
 Performed SUSE SP Upgrades & SUSE Kernel upgrade/patching on SUSE Linux Servers 
 Performed TL/SP Upgrades in AIX servers and Cluster pairs along with Failover/Failback 
 Activating/Deactivating the LPAR profile via HMC console  
 Documenting the problem as well as configuration and Change Management 
 Performed Storage Migration changes 
 Performed User Management, Sudo Administration and Device Management 
 Performed APARs ,eFIX patch installations on AIX servers and rpm installations, Kernel 

upgrade/patching on Redhat enterprise Linux servers 
 Taking backup using  MKSYSB and ALT DISK 
 Fixed and verified problem resolution in a timely manner, by monitoring and trouble shooting of 

hardware related problems including contacting and working with Customer Engineers 
 Monitoring and analyzing the CPU & Memory utilizations 

mailto:naveenakash.j@gmail.com


 Performing RPMs patching manually and through  Yum update 
 Worked on ticketing tools like IBM Maximo and Service now 
 Housekept on OS related Filesystems & Application/Database related Filesystems 
 Using stored procedures of basic PL/SQL for improving performance of the Database server  

 
Project Summary and Responsibilities in IBM from Dec 2013 - Mar 2016 – Senior Operations 

Professional  

 
 Remote Server support and Administration of high end critical production servers (Windows , 

Database , Aix , Linux servers)  
 Perform First Level Problem Determination if server goes down and back up failures (Symantec 

backup).  
 Monitor the performance and availability of business critical applications.  
 For Network related issues coordinating with AT&T to solve the problem.   
 Invoke/Coordinate with H&F support for hardware issues.  
 Remote Administration of Windows NT/2000/2003 Servers, located in IBM Data centers around 

the world.(US, Canada)  
 Detecting & escalating continuous problems. Weekly check up on Changes occurring in system and 

working with system support to co-ordinate with other teams to complete the scheduled changes 
during the global change window.  

 Train new joiners on all high priority issues and new process changes that are enforced within the 
account. Involved in providing knowledge transfer to new joiners in various accounts.   

 Performing quality audit in various accounts in the pool on weekly basis. Preparing Score card and 
exploring suitable ways and adopting positive result oriented strategies.  

 Sending daily as well as weekly reports which are account specific.  
 Follow-ups and resolution of open tickets.  
 Aggregation of information from ticketing systems and tools.  
 Conducting account level analysis for proactive defect prevention. Triggering new investigations.  

 
 
Skill sets: 

 Networking skills                    :  Basics of router, Switches, Routing Protocols, TCP/IP 

 Operating systems             :  UNIX AIX 7.1, Redhat RHEL v5 ,v 6 , v6.8 & SUSE Linux v11-SP4 

 Service Management training :  ITIL V3 Foundation certified ( Internal IBM )  
 Database skills                               : Basics in PL/SQL stored procedures  

 
Educational Qualification: 

 
 CMR Institute Of Technology (CMRIT) Bangalore            

Bachelor of Engineering in Electrical & electronics, 2013                                                      

 

 
 Christ Junior College, Bangalore    

XII (P.U.C)                                                                                                                

 
 Kendriya Vidyalaya  MEG and Centre Bangalore                                                                             

              X (CBSC)  
 



 
PERSONAL DETAILS : 
 
        Father’s Name            : M S Joseph 

        Date of Birth          : 3rd April 1987 

        Gender           : Male 

        Marital Status          : Married 

        Nationality          : Indian 

 

 
 
DECLARATION : 
 
              I hereby honestly declare that the above details are true and correct to the best of my knowledge 
 
 
 
 
                                                                                                                                                          J NAVEEN AKASH 
 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                  
 
 
 
 

                                                                                                                                                      

 

                                                                                                                                                             

                    


