














































 

 
1 

 

                                            

CHINMAYEE MOHARANA 
 

Niladri Vihar, Chandrasekharpur, Bhubaneswar, Odisha, 

Phone No-09937039930 

Email- chinmayee_moharana@yahoo.co.in  
           

                                                                                                                                                                                       

                                                    Career Objective 

 

I am an MBA post graduate with Human Resources specialization having 7 years of 
experience in successfully handling various HR & Admin responsibilities and 1 year experience in 
handling Public relation and advertising related activities.  

To secure a challenging position where I can effectively contribute my skills and abilities as 

an HR Generalist Professional, possessing competent management skills on Recruitment, Joining 

Formalities, Induction and Training, payroll processing, Time office, Performance Management, on 

boarding and off boarding, Exit formalities and general administration in the organization that 

offers professional path while being resourceful, innovative and flexible. 

 

                                                    Work Experience 
  
Company Name        :  Weaverbird Engineering & Technology (P) Ltd. 

 Designation                : Manager - HR  

 Duration                     : June 2014 to till date. 
  
Roles and Responsibilities  : 
 
Recruitment: 

 Ensuring end-to-end recruitment process  

 Screening of applications from internet or employee referal  
 Short listing and communicate candidates after interview schedule fixation  

 Coordinate with departmental heads for final test report after written and technical test  

 Processing and sending offer letters to selected candidates 

Employee Orientation: 

 On-Boarding and induction – handle settling in activities for new joinees post the org level 
formalities are completed. Conduct department specific induction program for new joinees. 

 Post induction orientation plans and sessions. 

HR Operations: 

 Joining Formalities 

 Personal data and file management 

 Employee and BG verification 

 Generation of employee Appointment letters  

 Regularization of  Dress code , I-card and motivating employees to be process oriented.  

HRIS: 

 e-Managing Employee Database. 

 Managing the database for new joinees into the system. 

 Updating existing employee records on a periodic/ad hoc basis in order to generate 
employee records. 

 Preparation of HR metrics as and when required. 

mailto:chinmayee_moharana@yahoo.co


 

 
2 

 
 
Attendance Management: 

 Prepare and maintain monthly Leave Status reports through work management system.  

 Received online leave application queries and fix it with concerned manager. 

 Ensuring no deduction  in salary for any technical issue in system. 

 Maintain time office  
 

Retention Activities/Employee Engagement: 

 Maintaining Employee relation by keeping track of Birth day, anniversary,special occasion 

for sending wishes, service awards and recognitions. 

 Facilitate the creating of a world-class working environment that will attract and retain the 

highest caliber of people. 

 Organize and coordinate various office meetings and staff get-togethers, driving various 
events like fun activities as well as rewards & recognition through the business.   

 Regularization of  Dress code , I-card and motivating employees to be process oriented.  

 

Employee Query & Grievance Management: 

 Deal with issues relating to employee (in) discipline at work place in line with company 

policies and legal requirements.  

 Responsible for all employee communication & grievances management. 

 Function as a single point of contact for employee queries and grievances. Appropriately 

manage the same as per the HR process defined. 

 

PMS-Performance Management System: 

 Support and initiate the Performance management system.  

 Process for the yearly increment with update salary detail . Monitoring Performance 
Appraisal System. 

 Ensure process compliance and timely completion handle related queries/communication. 
Provide inputs for enhancements based on operational realities and employee feedback. 

 Conduct the first time appraisee/appraiser workshops, track data on orientation coverage and 
appraisal completion along with required reporting to facilitate closure. 

 

Compensation & Benefits: 

 Reviewing existing practices and to identify and implement innovative and practical 
solutions pertaining to reward, compensation and benefits. 

 Preparing salary structure and taking care of the entire salary process. 

 Ensuring compliance to statutory and legal requirements such as PF, ESI, Gratuity, Ptax etc. 
and monitoring employee benefits like tour allowances, mobile, insurance, food allowances 

etc. 

Training and Development : 

 Identifying training needs across levels through mapping of skills required for particular 
positions and analysis of the existing level of competencies, propose an action plan for 

required training and facilitate training and developments work shops. 

 Evaluating Training effectiveness by regular interaction with the participants and their 
learning value scores. 

 

Exit Formalities: 

 Carry out analysis of Exit Interview and share the study with Tech Head, COO, MD.  

 Processing for final settlement with the coordination of  accounts team 

 Issuing experience certificates etc. 



 

 
3 

 

 

Company Name        :  KD & Sons (P) Ltd. 

 Designation                : Asst. Manager - HR  

 Duration                     : Oct 2013 to June 2014. 
 Job Profile   : 

 Schedule fixation for  Interviews and communicating finalized candidates for  joining and 
completing Joining formalities. 

 Coordinating Training for new joinees. 

 Designing work schedules of employees. Preparing  daily report for Attendance, Footfall 
synopsis, Security status, Closing and opening schedules etc. and sending it to COO and 

Director. 

 Prepare and maintain monthly Leave Status reports for salary processing.  

 Ensure employee database is updated and accurate and reports generated when required. 

 Maintaining employee’s personal records including personal files. 

 Maintaining Employee relation by keeping track of Birth day, anniversary and special 
occasion for sending wishes. 

 Attends to employees’ grievances and complaints; provides guidance if necessary. 

 Oversee employees’ disciplines and their compliance with company rules and policies. 

 Assist in monthly payroll including statutory compliance, PF, ESI  and other benefits as per 
organization policy.  

 Monitoring Performance Appraisal System. 

 Process for the yearly increment for all employees with update salary detail to Sr. Manager 
HR & Admin. 

Company Name          : Citicon Engineers Ltd. 

 Designation                : Sr. Executive - HR & Admin. 

 Duration                     : May 2009 to Oct 2013. 
 Job Profile   : 

 Screening of applications, Short listing and communicate candidates after interview 
schedule fixation and completing Joining formalities. 

 Prepare and maintain monthly Leave Status reports. Ensure employee database is updated 
and accurate and reports generated when required. 

 Assist in monthly payroll including statutory compliance and other benefits as per 
organization policy.  

 Manpower planning for branches all over India, Defining parameters / benchmarks for 
rewarding and promoting employees. 

 Preparing Organizational Chart with the coordination of all dept. 

 Reviews, updates and maintains proper filing of HR handbook, performance appraisal form 
and training schedules. 

 Attends to employees’ grievances and complaints; provides guidance if necessary. 

 Organize and coordinate various office meetings and staff get-togethers, driving various 
events like fun activities as well as rewards & recognition through the business.   

 Co-ordinate with other departments regarding the effective implementation of HR policies & 
procedure. 

 Process for the yearly increment for all employees with update salary detail with the 
coordination of accounts to Chief Executive Officer. 

 Handling of administrative issues, Local procurement, house keeping, IT related issues. 

 Responsible for preparation and adherence to the local HR/administration budget. 

 Responsible for AMC of Electronic equipments, machines, website, furniture, vehicle etc. 

 Responsible for house rent agreement renewal of 36 branches all over India and maintain 
assets record of furniture and all electronics, machineries items, vehicle allotments. 

  



 

 
4 

 

 

Professional Achievements  
 

 Awarded as Best HR Personality for the Financial Year 2015-16 at WET.  
 Awarded as Best Employee in HR & Admin Dept. for the Financial Year 2011-12 at CEL.  
 Awarded as Best Performer For The Month of January, 2010 at CEL, Bhubaneswar. 

 
 

Educational Credentials 

      
     Degree                 : Master in Business Administration in  2010 .  
       Specialization      :  Human Resource Management. 

       Institution             : Arya School of Management and Information Technology 
                                      Bhubaneswar, Odisha.   
      
       Degree                  : Masters in Public Relation and Advertising in 2006 . 
       Specialization      :  Event Management & Sales Promotion. 

       Institution              : Institute of Media Studies, Bhubaneswar, Odisha.   
 
       Graduation  : Bachelor of Arts in 2004. 
       Specialization       : Economics  

       University             : North Orissa University  

 
 

                                                       Technical skill set                            

 

Packages: MS Office, Web Designing. 

Operating Systems: Win 98/2000/XP/7/10 , Worked with Savior and WMS for e-database. 

 

                                                   Project Experience 

(i) Title        : Recruitment & Employee Engagement. 

Organization       : Aryan Institute of Engineering & Technology, Bhubaneswar, Odisha.          

Duration               : 2 months  

Assignment Undergone    :- 

 Recruitment: Teaching & non-teaching staff, communicating short listing candidates 
regarding interview schedules with required documents over phone and e-mail. 

 Assisting in completion of joining formalities like, Issuing Joining letters, i-cards, uniform 
etc. and explaining their roles and responsibilities. 

 Introduction of new staffs to all blocks of institution.  

 Assisting in arrangement of office meetings and staff get-togethers. 

 Resolution of staff grievances with the co-ordination of management.  
 

(ii)  Title                        : Layout Designing. 

              Organization          : Sampark Ad Agency, Cuttack, Odisha 

              Duration                 : 2 months 

            Assignment Undergone    :-  

 Newspaper Ads, Cover page design for Magazines, Hoarding designs. 

 Done a case study on “Mobile War in Orissa”. 

 Written a body copy for Satyam Shivam Sundaram, Bhubaneswar. 

 Developed a full-page layout design for a local newspaper on wedding affair. 

 Designed the full-page layout of couple of local developmental magazines and also gave 
ideas for a Developmental Programme named “Jagi Utha”. 



 

 
5 

 

 

Area of Interest 
             
            My interest in leisure includes, Reading Articles in Internet, reading newspaper, 

Listening music, discovering new places with friends. 

Strengths 
             
            Positive, professional and go-getter attitude 
            Result oriented individual who is able to deliver within deadlines 

            Ability to work in a team 

            Ability to interact with senior management 

Very hardworking 

Personal Particulars 

Name                    :         Chinmayee Moharana 

Father’s Name  :         Sarbeswar Moharana 

Date of Birth  :         26th  April 1985 

Nationality                  :         Indian 

Gender   :         Female 

Religion                       :        Hindu 

Marital Status  :         Single 

Permanent Address :         Jagatsinghpur, Odisha, India.      

   

Declaration  

 

I hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 

                                                                                                                                                             
Place  :  Bhubaneswar                 Chinmayee Moharana 


