





































LAKSHMEESHA, K

CURRICULAM VITAE
PRAVEEN G P
#34, 5th Cross, 
Pattegarapalya,
Behind Confident School,


 Email: 
praveengp87@live.com
Bangalore - 560072.                   
Mobile: 
9902222988 

             
 
CAREER OBJECTIVE:

Aim to work for an organization, which is highly dynamic and vibrant. In such an atmosphere, I intend to cultivate fresh skills and also enhance existent abilities. With the right attitude and perseverance, I seek to propel the company, to reach new heights in all of its endeavors.
JOB PROFILE:

· Vendor database maintenance as a part of Accounts Payable Process.
· Processing invoice for payments in accordance with details existing as per database. (SAP)
· Reporting activities carried out on daily, weekly and monthly basis such as return request report, KPI reports, indexing reports, etc. 
· Addressing adhoc escalations and providing suitable resolution.
· Quality check on the tax codes booked to invoices as per country and company code specifics.
· Handling super user activity for clearing idoc’s in SAP.
· Handling conference calls for a process change through net meeting.
· Official calls to vendors incase of mismatch between invoice and database and fixing the same.
· Ensure payments are made to the customer on time which results in complete customer satisfaction.

· Duplicate analysis for the vendors existing in the database on daily basis to avoid duplicate payments.
EDUCATION QUALIFICATION:


· Pursuing M.B.A., Finance, Under Sikkim Manipal University.
· B.Com., June 2008, from Ramanashree Academy of Management Under Bangalore University with an aggregate of 68%.
· PUC, March 2005, from Sri Jagadguru Renukacharya College Under Bangalore University with an aggregate of 65%.
· Completed a certified course in Tally 7.2 with VAT from Chip Integrated Technologies Ltd, Vijayanagar.
WORK EXPERIENCE:
HEWLETT PACKARD, Bangalore May 2009 to till date.
Financial Associate (Vendor Data Maintenance)
Quality Check Associate (Centralized Qualitycheck)

ADD-ONS TO INDIVIDUAL CONTRIBUTION TOWARDS CURRENT JOB:

1. Handles critical requests and queries from the team and customers very well.
2. Part of the core team members for ACH/EFT transition from Front Office. The transition was seamless.
3. Has been trained on Six Sigma White Belt concepts.
4. Record coordinator for the team.

5. Handled employee database cleanup by blocking non standard employee vendors for the Canada entity.
6. Time management training.

7. Handled the DVA super user activity as the SPOC for the team.
8. Conducted collaboration meetings for processing and quality check teams to bridge the knowledge gap and to bring in mutual understanding in order to minimize errors.

9. Training to peers and colleagues on the process.
10. Rewards & Recognition Award for outstanding performance including consistent sigma score.
11. Worked towards achieving more than set daily target and was successful in doing so.
EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES:
· Participated at various Inter-school sports meet for kabaddi and volley ball and won trophies for the same.
· In charge of cultural activities for College fest and good athlete.
· Participated in various quiz competitions, competitive exams.
· Participated in dance competitions and won prizes.
COMPUTER SKILLS:

APPLICATIONS 
: 
Computer Basics, MS Office, Win XP, 
Vista, Win 7
HOBBIES                       : 
  Listening to songs, indoor/outdoor games.
SPECIAL INTEREST
:        Long bike rides, photography.
PERSONAL PROFILE:

 

Name


:
Praveen G P
Marital Status
:        Single

 

Father’s Name
:        Panchaiah R G
Mother’s Name
:        Manjula P R
Nationality

:   
Indian

 

Date of Birth

:   
30 May 1987
 

Languages Known  :        English, Kannada and Hindi.
DECLARATION:




I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.
Location: Bangalore                                   

       
Praveen G P


