















































India Resume Format

	Resume
	Bhuvaneshwari J
	



Bhuvaneshwari J
Experience Summary

· I have 3.3 years of progressive experience in BFS vertical with end to end experience in development, testing, implementation and support for proposed system. 

· Work experience includes Application development of Java/J2EE based applications with deployment in JBoss server. 
	Education




	Degree with Branch


	College/University
	Year of Passing

	BSC(Information Technology)
	Sri Krishna arts and science college. Coimbatore

	2014

	HSC
	
	Jaycee higher secondary school,cbe, Tamilnadu

	2011

	SSLC
	
	Sindhi vidyalaya matriculation higher secondary school,cbe, Tamilnadu.
	2009


	Technical Skills




	Hardware / Platforms
	Intel Processor/Windows XP/Vista/7

	Technology
	Java/J2EE.

	Programming Languages
	J2EE, Java, Restful WebServices, Java Script, JSP.

	Frameworks
	Spring MVC.

	Databases
	MySQL.

	Web/Application Servers
	JBoss and Apache Tomcat 7.

	Tools
	JMETER, Eclipse, JENKINS, LARA.

	Version Control Systems
	SVN.

	Knowledge on
	XML, jQuery.



	Relevant Project Experience




Organization – Cognizant Technologies Solutions

Project – Enhanced Authorization
	Project Title

	EnhancedAuthorization

	Duration
	Dec 2015 –Feb 2017

	Cl​​​​​​​​ient
	Not to be mentioned

	Location
	Chennai, India

	Tools/Technologies/Frameworks
	Java, Spring MVC, Javascript, Jquery, JMETER, RestFul WebServices.

	Team size
	2


Project Description:

Enhanced Authorization API will transform the input elements from the merchant and submits it to 

Amex Payment system for Enhanced Authorization. It will acknowledge the receipt of data by sending back to a response to the merchant.
Roles and Responsibilities:

· Involved in development of web application and restful webservices.

· Worked on validation part to analyse the fraud transaction.

· Customized log4j and introduced amex loggers for all the modules.

· Had implemented the JMETER to load test the EAuth API.

· Involved in development and testing the application in dev and Test environments. 

Technologies used in this project and the Experience in using them:

Java 1.7 and Spring MVC was used for developing the business logic. Restful webservices are used for enabling connectivity between web application and JBoss server. JMETER is used for load testing for the application.
Project – Spamip Intelligence
	Project Title

	Spamip intelligence

	Duration
	Mar 2016 – May 2016

	Cl​​​​​​​​ient
	Not to be mentioned in agreement to Organisation policies

	Location
	Chennai, India

	Tools/Technologies/Frameworks
	Java, Javascript, Jquery, SpringBatch
Restful WebServices. 

	Team size
	2


Project Description:
SPAM IP Intelligence polls the spam IP addresses from across the word from different external vendors and feed them in to Amex Payment Systems via ENDB so that Fraud transactions from the spam ip addresses can be detected and declined, which essentially results in fraud prevention.
Roles and Responsibilities:

· Implemented Quartz schedular for file processing.

· Configured Emailing facility to monitor file processing status.

· Used Spring batch to convert files from one format to various other prefered formats and proceed with processing of generated files.

Project – FLoga

	Project Title

	Floga

	Duration
	 May 2017- Aug 2017

	Cl​​​​​​​​ient
	Not to be mentioned in agreement to Organisation policies

	Location
	Chennai, India

	Tools/Technologies/Frameworks
	Angular js,node js, postgresSQL 

	Team size
	4


Project Description:
Client which moves the files from Teradata to Cloud Environment. Here we are developing the presentation layer from where we call the Rest Web Services API and get the Json in return which holds the percentage of files moved from one environment to another. That has been segregated and populated in the UI.
Roles and Responsibilities:

· Screen Development based on the requirement.

· Developing UI components based on the project Style Guide.
Technologies used in this project and the Experience in using them:

JSP, javascript and css were used for UI. Java 1.7, Spring MVC and quartz scheduler was used for developing the business logic.
	Contact Details


	Mobile No 
	07358368159

	Email ID   
	bhuvi_prakash@yahoo.in


	
	Page 1 of 3
	Dated: 11/13/17



