












































BHAGYA LAXMI PARIDA
 Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
Mobile: +91 8939461092 Email: blparida92@gmail.com
	Industrious and dedicated person with an altruistic and cool minded character, which helps to work efficiently both as a leader and a team member with optimism and enthusiasm.


	PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS
A dynamic and hardworking professional with 1.10 years of Experience determined to carve a niche in the field of software by utilizing sound technical skills. Fast learner with high energy and drive to exceed expectations coupled with good comprehension of IT markets. Systematic and organized with exceptional interpersonal, communication and presentation skills and comprehensive problem detection and solving abilities.


PROFESSIONAL STRENGTHS

· Strong positive attitude and quick adaptability and flexibility with work.

· Possessed good communication skills and managerial qualities.

· Self starter and seeks new challenges and responsibilities.

· Ability to organize and prioritize the tasks and work under pressure.
· Possessing a strong will to develop the spirit of teamwork.

· Ability to work both independently and as part of a team with professionals of all levels.

· Quick learner, able to grasp new ideas, concepts and methods.

LEADERSHIP AND MANAGEMENT

· Represent company in a positive and professional manner.

· Work with personnel and outside contacts to satisfy clients and achieve company goals.

· Identifies areas of improvement and assist in creating and implementing solutions.

· Arrive to work and meetings on time and prepared.

· Maintain work areas in an organized manner.

· Perform any other duties assigned (related to profile).

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Databases                                   :       Oracle 11g, db2, SQL/PL SQL
Web Technologies                        :       Java (core java, j2ee)
Programing languages                 :       Java, R programming, C, C++, 
	Hardware Exposure
	:
	Trouble Shooting, System Assembling


ACADEMIA

	
	YEAR
	SUBJECT
	INSTITUTE 
	BOARD
	Percent/CGPA

	School
	2008
	Phy, Chem, Bio, Math, Comp sc, Eng, Hist & Geo, 
	Belpahar English Medium School  
	ICSE
	69

	Intermediate 
	2010
	Phy, Chem, biology, Math,Eng.
	Jupiter +2 science college
	CHSE
	59

	University 
	2014
	Computer scoence and engineering
	College of engineering bhubaneswar
	b.p.u.t
	7.4


Project Details
Client



: American Express, Global
Organization


: Syntel, India
Role



: Developer/Software Engineer/Service Operation
Technologies


: Java, J2EE 
Duration


: March 2015 to till date

My Role in the above project
· Understanding the client requirement and project functionalities.

· Understanding business of all applications and communicated with clients who identify and resolve problems.

· As a part of Service operation I have dealt with all sort of Incidents (Issues in the form of tickets), Problem Records, RFCs, Code bug Fix etc.

· Developing automated scripts triggering mails

· Analyzing and identifying opportunities to set up monitoring Mechanism wherever there is potential business impact.

· Identify manual/repetitive work performed by team and Develop tools to reduce the time/manual work

· Ensure the SLA’s for all the customer requests or a business User.

· Supported and contributed to the design, development and Implementation of enhancements for positive progression of the Business.
· Recover critical jobs ASAP without much business impact.

· Sharing the knowledge across team by conducting KT. (KT – Knowledge Transition)
· Have always provided the best possible solution to every customer query.
ACCOMPLISHMENTS 

· Received Client appreciations many time for doing the work in stipulated time perfectly.

· Received various other value awards at company level.

· Received award for giving the best Paper presentation at state level.
PERSONAL DOSSIER

Date of Birth

:
26th September, 1992;
Father’s name              :          Padmanav parida

Gender


:
FEMALE;
Marital Status

:
Single;
Languages known
:
English, Hindi and Oriya;
Nationality

:
Indian

DECLARATION

I Bhagya Laxmi Parida hereby declare that particulars furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Yours Sincerely,

Date:

Place: Chennai
    








                                    

(Bhagya Laxmi Parida)
