ab8pfa@r.postjobfree.com 973-***-**** www.johnchristiana.com

PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
Creative design leader who strategically uses visual communication and design solutions to solve market and business needs.
Innovative and imaginative thinker that is skilled in typography and layout for print and digital. A pioneer in new and emerging
digital technologies. UI/UX creative lead experienced in using wireframe solutions to create user friendly experiences for digital
products. Strong presentation, interpersonal, and business communication skills with a great ability to communicate with clients
and company representatives on all levels.
• SOFTWARE (MAC & some PC experience) CS5 & CS6: InDesign, Photoshop, Illustrator, Acrobat Professional, Microsoft
Office 2011, Quark XPress, color management applications, social media reach & paperless workflow solutions.
Knowledge of Flash, Dreamweaver, HTML-based software, and wire-framing workflow solutions (Balsamiq).
• Product Brand Design Consultant for Brand Connections named by Inc. Magazine as One of Nation’s ‘500 Fastest Growing
Private Companies
• 2006 Production Top Performer recipient Pearson Education
• UI/UX interactive design and web design
• Over seven years of management experience

DIGITAL INTERACTIVE LINKS
www.johnchristiana.com/ MY WORK MY SKILLS CONTACT
www.behance.net/johnchristiana
www.designrelated.com/johnchristiana
www.johnmichaelgraphics.com

EDUCATION
University of Rhode Island, Kingston, RI Bachelor of Arts, May, 1995
American Institute for Foreign Studies, Florence, Italy 1996

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
ART DIRECTOR: GRAPHICS CONNECTION
Design and develop print and digital designs for Pharmaceutical companies (Novo Nordisk, Supernus, Iroko).
Create layouts for learning and selling materials for sales leads
Create logos and branding identity for new drugs and campaigns
Design digital e-vites and email banners for communication collateral

CREATIVE DIRECTOR: HUMANITIES, SOCIAL SCIENCES, & WORLD LANGUAGE (2011–2012), Pearson/Prentice Hall
Manage design group consisting of 4 art directors. As manager my responsibilities included but were not limited to:
Design and production of award winning key product titles.
Motivate and energize design group to pioneer new designs in UI/UX.
Plan proactively for by integrating instructional design, UI, and UX.
Research and develop new digital technologies for ebooks, web, print, automation, content management, and marketing.

MANAGER OF DESIGN DEVELOPMENT (2005–2011), Pearson/Prentice Hall
Manage design development team, consisting of 5 art directors.
Development of marketing, editorial, and instructional design of projects for print and web.
Research and develop new digital technologies for ebooks, web, and print.
Maintain schedules and budgets for individual products while increasing ROI.
ART DIRECTOR (2001–2005), Pearson/Prentice Hall
Managed, designed, and produced award winning educational print products, multimedia packaging,
and web pages.
Directed internal freelance staff, numerous outside design studios, and illustrators for interior, cover,
and packaging designs.
Created and maintained project budgets
Research into new technologies and presented recommendations to upper management.

ASSISTANT ART DIRECTOR (1998–2001), Pearson/Prentice Hall
Production and design of educational books within the higher-ed division assisting 5 art directors.
Worked with creative director, art directors, and freelance designers on projects to enhance designs and manage schedules.
Coordinated work with marketing, editorial, and upper management to create a better design workflow.
Research into new technologies regarding color management, design workflow, and design presentations.

ART EDITOR (1997–1998), Pearson/Prentice Hall
Managed extensive interior art programs for Engineering, Science, and Math titles for Higher Education textbooks.
Hired and directed illustrators and layout artists and supervised outside designers on projects.

AWARDS
NEW YORK BOOK SHOW/BOOKBINDERS GUILD
2004 1st Place College Publishing Book Design, Thinking Mathematically
2005 1st Place College Publishing Book Design, Plant Biology
2006 2nd place School Publishing College Book, A Brief Guide to Biology
3rd place College Publishing Book Design, Organic Chemistry
2008 2nd Place College Publishing Book Design, Thinking Mathematically
2010 3rd Place College Publishing Series Cover/Jacket, THINK Series
2011 1st Place College Publishing Book Cover Series Design, Upper Level Political Science Series
2nd Place College Publishing Book Design, Labensky On Cooking
2012 Merit College Publishing Book Cover Design, Arnett Human Development

BOSTON/BOOKBINDERS GUILD
2011 College Publishing Book Cover Design THINK Sociology 2012 edition

(References available upon request)
Contact this candidate