Dear Hiring Manager,

Over the past ** years, I have gained extensive experience in UX/UI Design, Web Development, Digital Marketing and Digital Product Management. I have worked with many high-profile clients and delivered successful solutions. I excel in finding answers to the complex problems and introducing efficiencies during the design and development process with a deep focus on user experience. My focus is always on creating solutions that exceed customer’s expectations.

I am well-versed in design and development tools and technologies. During most of my career, I have been the go to guy for help at the 11th hour to launch products. I acquired this trust by consistently delivering high-quality solutions on time. Recognized for leading the execution of end-to-end award winning web solutions, I am able to advance the company’s vision, increase growth, and maximize efficiency.

My fluency in English and Urdu/Hindi, and training in UX/UI Design, Programming, Search Engine Optimization, and Integrated Interactive Digital Marketing have contributed to my history of improving ROI, reducing time to get to the market, and saving hundreds of thousands of dollars per month in poorly performing solution and wasted development efforts.

Here’s a short list of industry leaders that are enjoying solutions developed by me: Pepsi, Coca-Cola, Intel, Ogilvy, Thomas Nelson, David C. Cook, Diamond Consulting, Boston University, Citibank, GMAC, Exelon, Baxter, Discovery Communications, Crain’s and Cars.com.

In addition to this letter, I have also attached my current resume which will give you a more comprehensive idea of my
competencies.

If you feel there is a mutual interest, I would love to come in for an in-person interview and discuss this opportunity.

Thank you for taking the time to read this cover letter and I look forward to hearing from you soon.

Expertise

Interaction Design, User Experience, Photoshop, Balsamiq, Illustrator, Visual Design, HTML, CSS, SASS, LESS, Wire Framing, User-Centered Design, Usability, Wireframes, Responsive Design,
Mobile Web Design, Mobile Application Design, Web Applications Design, PHP, and Photography.

Experience

Director UX/UI -AsiaTV USA Tenure: Dec 2015 – Present
Responsibility includes providing UX strategy, create user flows, wireframes, pixel perfect comps, interactive prototypes, and knows how to best use these tools to properly communicate business vision. Additionally, I am also responsible to manage & delivery web related projects. Saved company thousands of dollars in development charges by understanding and redefining project scope and guiding the design and development teams to complete and launch projects in 2-3 months that were under development for over 2 years.

Senior Visual Designer - Cars.com Tenure: March 2006 – December 2015
At Cars.com my responsibilities included Website Designing, Information Architecture, Interaction Design, Wire framing, Interactive Prototype and Flash Modules development for the Website and Rich Media Applications. Worked on several projects using Balsamiq, Illustrator, JavaScript, JQuery, HTML, CSS (for front end prototyping) and Adobe Photoshop. Initiated multiple projects that saved the company millions of dollars (E.g helped with setting up the custom responsive framework for Cars.com responsive website. Decoded the home page to drop load time from 6 secs to less than 3 secs). Also, help won Cars.com J.D Power Best Third-Party Automotive Mobile Website Award.

Senior Visual Designer - Ex-Dimension, Inc. Tenure: Jan 2006 – June 2015
Responsibilities included Initial Concept Research, Development, and Execution of project and Client
Management. Developing intuitive and user-friendly websites and multimedia solutions from initial concept to launch for a variety of clients. Rebranding and restructuring websites to illustrate a logical flow of information. Responsible for design, programming, debugging and testing across all major browsers and platforms.

Website Designer - Cititech Solutions, Inc. Tenure: Jan 2005 – March 2006
Worked as a Website Designer at Cititech Solutions, Inc. During this course I designed Multimedia
Websites, Flash Animations and Graphic User Interfaces for different applications.

Senior Multimedia Engineer - Sphinx Software, Inc. Tenure: July 2000 – Jan 2005
Worked on various valuable projects as a Designer and later on as Project Manager & Team Lead.
My job was to act as a bridge between Designers and Developers since I was an expert in both fields.

Qualification

- B.C.S Bachelors Computer Sciences – 2005 Ripha International University, Pakistan.

Achievements

- Cars.com mobile site that I designed won J.D. Power best third-party automotive mobile site award.
- Nominated 2012 Employee of the Year at Cars.com, Classified Ventures, LLC.
- For my exceptional work & unique ideas I have won Employee of the Month Award numerous times.
- My work was published as an example in Macromedia Flash 5 Action Script Training CD.

Summary

- Exceptional problem solving and creative abilities.
- Understanding of the value and methodology of User Centered Design.
- Experience working under tight deadlines and juggling multiple projects and clients.
- Extensive knowledge of Photoshop, Illustrator, Balsamiq, CSS, HTML, JavaScript and JQuery.
- Unique expertise with good design sense and a solid grasp on front-end programming.
- Ability to produce results independently, as well as collaboratively in a team environment.
- 17 years of experience in web design and development with a focus on mobile & responsive design.
Contact this candidate