JUSTIN JACKSON
336-***-**** ac27e9@r.postjobfree.com Los Angeles, CA
https://jayejax7.wixsite.com/ux-of-justinjackson

Summary:
UX/UI Designer whose passion is to create detailed interfaces and experiences for mobile and web design using human centered design and the ux process.

Key Skills: Hard Skills: Wordpress – Adobe Photoshop/Illustrator - Sketch App – InVision – Marvel – Lucid Chart -
Keynote – Microsoft PowerPoint – Microsoft Word – Wireframing – UX Research – Prototyping
Customer Service – Information Architecture
Soft Skills: Determination – Emotional Intelligence – Collaboration – Integrity – Honesty –
Business Acumen
Education:
2017

2014
General Assembly, Los Angeles, CA
UX Design, Visual Design, Interaction

During the 10-week course, have completed over 500 hours of course work in and out of the classroom. Trained by seasoned UX designers, undergone learning the lean UX process in the form of challenging assignments. Produced responsive web applications in design sprints focusing on wireframes, visual design, prototyping and information architecture.

Winston-Salem State University (WSSU), Winston-Salem, NC
B.A., Art: Emphasis: Computer Graphics

Technical Summary:
UI design, Usability testing, Sketching and Wireframing, Research, Prototyping, Branding, Illustration, Information Architecture, User Personas, Mac and PC, High Fidelity Mockups, Lucid chart, Sketch, Photoshop, Keynote, Xtensio, InVision, Illustrator, Marvel, Pen/Paper, Slack, POP, Customer Service

UX/UI Projects:
2017

Discover Los Angeles website redesign – UX/UI Designer
Redesigned the Discover Los Angeles website to alleviate site navigation thereby increasing engagement on the site growing LA’s tourist economy

Conducted user research + interviews to identify and understand the users’ pain points and behavior on the website. A key point of interest was the users’ need to fewer steps in navigation.
Created wireframes and interactive prototype catered to generate a reformed experience of website navigation for users

2017
Project Aries Settlement Tablet App Design – UX/UI Designer
Commissioned by Space X to develop a tablet app to monitor the life support system of the Mars settlement

Conducted user research on the conditions of Mars inclusive of weather systems/seasonal cycles, rotational period and habitability by interviewing a Mars specialist.
Conducted interviews with several types of specialists (sociologists, extreme athletes and second home owners) to gain insight on internal and external motivations on adapting in different environments.
Designed and prototyped a tablet that intuitively monitors life conditions of housing settlement and owner.

Experience:

October 2017 to October 2017

October 2017 to October 2017

May 2017

Beyond Curious – UI Designer
During my brief tenure, as a UI assistant, my overall objective was assisting the UI Designer
Created supporting pages for the DAC website with responsive design

Lucky Brand – Data Entry
During my tenure at Lucky Brand, I served as a Data Entry specialist, completing and verifying orders to several mall outlets.

Run Your City
UX/UI DESIGNER (PRO BONO AS PART OF GENERAL ASSEMBLY)

Designed a website (formerly mobile app) designed to help foster a society of runners to find run groups, create dialogue and exchange information with each other.

Conducted user interviews to understand runners’ pain points and desires.
Conducted a heuristic evaluation to thoroughly evaluate the importance and function of mobile app.
Conducted a comparative and contrasting analysis against similar apps to identify value proposition.

Aug. 2013 to Dec. 2013

Office of Marketing and Communications (WSSU)
GRAPHIC DESIGN INTERN, OFFICE OF MARKETING & COMMUNICATIONS

Printed banners and flyers to meet strict deadlines set by clients.
Presented designs, installed graphics (tabletops) to campus to customers to advertise current and upcoming events.
Collected feedback from supervisors to meet standards and expectations.
Revised art to update art to contemporary standards.

Jan. 2013 to May 2013
The News Argus (WSSU)
GRAPHIC DESIGN INTERN

Graphic Design and illustration, creating the newspaper advertisements and editorials
Meeting Deadlines at a timely manner for monthly publications on university.

Prior Experience:
Subway
CUSTOMER SERVICE REP (SANDWICH ARTIST)

Served at Subway duties consisted of:
Prepared food to customer specifications and stocked food goods.
Responded to customer questions and or complaints.
Operated cash register and performed custodial duties.

Sheetz
CUSTOMER SERVICE REP (SALESPERSON)

As a salesperson, responsible for directly interacting with customers for the purpose of providing fast, friendly service.
Prepared quality food products.
Processed accurate register transactions.
Ensured a clean location is provided.
Provided fast and friendly service.
Strictly adhered to all Sheetz programs, policies and procedures.
Contact this candidate