Worked closely with stakeholders and engineering team to design features to drive demand and new customer acquisition, to maintain a year on year growth rate of 50%
Created all sketches, wireframes and pixel perfect mockups to communicate user flows and potential interactions to stakeholders and engineering Introduced data driven, human centric design principles resulting in a regular and continued rise in revenue, increased user interactivity, and drop in bounce rate.
Designed and maintained email campaigns sent to over 1.4 million active users Designed online ads for various platforms (Facebook, Google, etc.) with an ad spend over 4 million annually Gathered requirements and conducted user interviews for testing and implementation of new in house web tools Lead brand and website redesign projects on multiple properties under the printfly umbrella Oversaw the design of all print assets including billboards, signage, fliers, pamphlets, editorial spreads, mailers, and all outgoing packaging. Product Designer
02.2011-05.2017 Printfly Inc.
Worked directly with clients gathering requirements and setting deliverables across multiple industries including finance, media, insurance, Worked with all size companies from startups to large national and international corporations such as Verizon and Bombardier. Conceptualized and launched digital features by collaborating with stake holders, isolating pain points, gathering user feedback, and conducting extensive competitive analysis.
Managed internal branding and marketing materials including, all web properties, email marketing, signage, fliers, brochures, editorial spreads, direct mail Art Director
11.2007 - 01.2011 Image First Professional Apparel Designer / Consultant
03.2004 - Present Freelance
BFA in Graphic Design
5.2002 - 5.2006 The Art Institute of Philadelphia Provided general branding and identity work including logos, stationary, menus, apparel, and signage. As well as design, and updated client websites, email campaigns, and online ads.
Clients Include: The Briad Group, DFD, EB Realty Management, Petland, BBYO, City Kitties, The AUDL, Wintergreen Resorts, Rosa's, Revocycle, and more hiowen.io
ac2evf@r.postjobfree.com
908-***-****
Experience
I create thoughtful solutions based on principles of design, user research and usability while taking into consideration the unique needs of each product.
Owen Teunisen Profile
Mastery of design applications in Adobe CC: Illustrator, Photoshop, InDesign, Lightroom, Muse, Xd. Wireframing and Prototyping: Sketch, Webflow, InVision. Fundamental knowledge of HTML and CSS
Skills / Proficiency Education
Contact this candidate