Mark D'Amico
Senior UI/UX Web Designer
ac2hdv@r.postjobfree.com
***/***-****

Professional Summary:

User Experience Practitioner: Delivering Delightful User-Empowered Solutions.

To create a delightful Customer Experience for a mobile app, e-commerce, responsive web or internal app project, you need someone who can:

Think strategically, while keeping the tactical in view
Elicit and elaborate the user stories, needs and goals of the Business/Product Management
Systematically research the user’s needs through polling, card sorts, ethnographic user interviews, SME interviews, whiteboard sketch sessions, usability sessions, etc.
Guide and collaborate with the Agile team stakeholders with holistic user-centered design best practices and thought leadership
Define the customer experience with personas, taxonomies, user needs matrixes, storyboards, process flows, user stories, information architecture, wireframes, heuristics, UI visual design direction, prototypes, mockups, style guides & supporting documentation
Effectively communicate the needs and requirements of the Business/Product Management, to IT, Creative & Development teams
Collaborate closely in an Agile/Scrum environment with Definition and Delivery teams to ensure that the big picture and desired user experience is delivered as promised!
I’m that someone!
A Customer Experience designer and architect, interaction designer, usability analyst, information architect, UI designer and business analyst, communicating fluently in the strategic, conceptual and technical domains for user-centered design (UCD) that has an eye for visual design around usability. Experienced development and creation of IA documents such as wireframes, customer journey maps, user stories, personas, and other user-centric documentation

•Senior UX/UX Multidisciplinary Designer with experience in creation, design and implementation of graphical user interfaces, design team management, marketing, product, digital media, print materials, and wireframes.
•Results-oriented individual skilled in assessing requirements, determining priorities, and analyzing
a course of action.
•Dedicated professional who produces cutting edge design, while maintaining peak efficiency and
always striving to successfully exceed the clients’ goals.
•Proficient in Adobe Creative Cloud (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, Flash, Dreamweaver, Captivate), Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Storyline, Sketch, Omnigraffle, Balsalmiq, Invision and iBooks Author.
•Additional qualifications include strong interpersonal, project management and collaboration skills
that interface easily with all levels of management, co-workers and clientele.
UI/UX Interactive Creative Designer, skilled in all areas of presentation layer web development and pixel perfect rendering. 15+ years of experience designing and building dynamic user interfaces for small and enterprise-scale applications, architecting large CSS/HTML solutions, managing teams of 4-8 members, providing estimates and scoping, recruitment. Frameworks, templates.
Software:
Adobe CC 2015 Master Collection
Adobe Creative Suite 6.0
OmniGraffle
Axure
iRise
Wireframes

PHP MyAdmin
WordPress
Drupal
CMSs
Flash
MySQL
Photoshop
Prototypes
Action Script 3.0
Bootstrap
JQuery
JavaScript
AJAX
PHP
Illustrator
Camtasia Suite
CSS 3
HTML5
XML
Balsamic
Microsoft Office 2013
Visio
MS Project
.Net
Key User Experience skills:
User experience strategy & evangelism
Advanced Axure RP skills for Rapid Wireframes & Prototyping
Responsive Web Design(RWD)
Ethnographic interviews
User-centered Design
Persona development
Wireframe development
Capturing the Voice Of the Customer
User needs matrix
User experience best practices
Holistic Approach to User Experience
Creative development
User story development
UX for SalesForce.com
Style guide development
Define standard UX conventions
Stakeholder communication
Copywriting for the web
Information Architecture
Client & user workshops
Taxonomy Development
UX Lead
Workflow Process Documentation
User group discovery
Usability Engineering
UX Best Practices Application
Agile/SCRUM
Interaction Design
SAP CRM via HTML5
Card sorting
Usability Design & Testing
Customer Journey Maps
Heuristic Evaluation
Collaboration with Creative and IT
User interviews & task analysis
Card-sorting Exercises

Key Business Analyst skills:
Requirements Gathering and Documentation
Interviewing SME for content & business rules development
HP QC
Visio
Executive Presentation Development
B2C & B2B marketing & advertising
Visual Studio, TFS Source Control
Photoshop
User story development
Application & IT-related deliverables
Excel
Clarity
Use case development
Technical linguistics
CMS
Axure
Measurement and Analytics
UAT activities
Mantis
Bugzilla
CMS coordination & integration
Project Management
Agile
UAT
Google Analytics
Metrics Requirements Gathering
Content Matrix
Omniture

Work Experience

NYC - Department of Education (http://schools.nyc.gov/default.htm), Long Island City, New York 11101
Senior UI/UX & Graphics Designer
June 2016 - Present

Senior User Experience designer with the proven know-how to combine creative and usability viewpoints resulting in world-class Web and mobile applications. Experience optimizing user engagement for the Education Department within the State of NY, providing a compelling user experience to improve brand loyalty, customer retention and visit-to-order ratios.

Responsibilities - UX Improvements:
Establish UX design as the first stage of all Web and mobile application developments, instituting a user-centered design (UCD) approach.
Lead UX design on ground-breaking mobile applications that redefined the market landscape. Displaced competitors by remaining ahead of the curve in anticipating user needs, delivered interactive device apps that helped capture the #1 market position.
Develop user personas and scenarios in order to enhance functionality and usability for key audiences.
Design an engaging online community with an experience modeled after leading-edge content and community sites, combining social interactivity with e-commerce conversion.
Responsible for creating and maintaining the overall user interface look-and-feel and collaborating with other web/application developers.
Demonstrating a thorough understanding of the systems development life cycle, strong planning, effective human relationship and this opportunity lets me think creatively.
Responsible for writing and disseminating site style standards and guides based industry standards.
Technologies currently working in are: .NET (ASP.NET, VB.NET or C#), JavaScript, CSS, HTML, JQuery, Fireworks, Photoshop, Dreamweaver, Flash, Visio.
Web and mobile application development user interface standards, cross-browser compatibility issues and solutions.
Write and maintain detailed specification documentation supporting UI designs and present UI designs and concepts to stakeholders.
Integrate social media and other content, along with e-commerce and related services, throughout the user experience.
Design the user experience for a revamped [company name] user "dashboard" and new "Explore" content discovery feature.
Collaborating with product management and engineering to define and implement innovative solutions for the product direction, visuals and experience
Executing all visual design stages from concept to final hand-off to engineering
Conceptualizing original ideas that bring simplicity and user friendliness to complex design roadblocks
Creating wireframes, storyboards, user flows, process flows and site maps to effectively communicate interaction and design ideas
Presenting and defending designs and key milestone deliverables to peers and executive level stakeholders
Conducting user research and evaluate user feedback
Establishing and promoting design guidelines, best practices and standards
Visual design activities with sensitivity to user-system interaction
Solid experience in creating wireframes, storyboards, user flows, process flows and site maps
Heavy usage of HTML5, CSS3, Dreamweaver, JavaScript, JQuery, AngularJS, BootStrap
Up-to-date with the latest UI trends, techniques, and technologies

NYC - Department of Environmental Protection (http://www.nyc.gov/html/dep/html/home/home.shtml), Flushing NY
Senior UI/UX Designer
Oct 2015 – June 2016
I am involved as a significant Ui/Ux Designer with extensive experience with Adobe Photoshop, Dreamweaver, Bootstrap, HTML & CSS, to create amazing user experiences with an eye for clean and artful design, UI skills and am translating high-level requirements into interaction flows and artifacts, and transform them into beautiful, intuitive, and functional user interfaces.

Responsibilities:
Collaborating with product management and engineering to define and implement innovative solutions for the product direction, visuals and experience
Executing all visual design stages from concept to final hand-off to engineering
Conceptualizing original ideas that bring simplicity and user friendliness to complex design roadblocks
Creating wireframes, storyboards, user flows, process flows and site maps to effectively communicate interaction and design ideas
Presenting and defending designs and key milestone deliverables to peers and executive level stakeholders
Conducting user research and evaluate user feedback
Establishing and promoting design guidelines, best practices and standards
Visual design activities with sensitivity to user-system interaction
Solid experience in creating wireframes, storyboards, user flows, process flows and site maps
Heavy usage of HTML5, CSS3, Dreamweaver, JavaScript, JQuery, AngularJS, BootStrap
Up-to-date with the latest UI trends, techniques, and technologies
Cushman & Wakefield (http://www.cushmanwakefield.com/), NYC NY
Senior UX Designer
Mar 2015 – Oct 2015

Responsibilities:
In my role as Lead Designer at Cushman & Wakefield, am leading design research, design strategy, interaction design and visual design for a product that encourages collaboration around realty tracking. My process involves, distillation of foundational research into user personas and a high-level strategy, collaboration on branding and ‘look and feel,’ heavy sketching, wireframing and prototyping, visual design, and collaboration with developers on the little details that matter. Am also involved in UX design on multiple mobile app (iOS and Android) projects and a responsive web app project, while helping implement a user-centered design methodology. Collaborated closely on product planning and execution with key stakeholders across the board, Business and Development teams, and partnered with my visual design team to produce intuitive, delightful user experiences. Some of my day-to-day responsibilities include:

Involved in both visual and functional UI design.
Creating functional user interface designs.
Strong artistic vision in the project and communicating it.
Determine to do what's best for the user, product and brand even when it doesn't align with personal style or preference.
User Experience/Interaction Design and prototyping.
oInteraction Design: Created concept models, heuristic reviews, strategy documentation, concept models, ecosystem maps, sitemaps, process flows, sketches, wireframes, prototypes, and detailed specifications for mobile/tablet and social applications. Worked in both waterfall and agile methods on a variety of web interfaces including desktop, mobile, and tablet. Led interaction design for responsive websites, mobile apps, and complex, large-scale websites.
oUser Research: Conducted stakeholder interviews and both remote & in-person user interviews and usability tests. Created click-throughs and prototypes for web and mobile/tablet for use during tests. Synthesized and compiled findings to inform UX strategy. Drove user research and synthesis on multiple projects: created personas and scenarios, led affinity diagramming sessions, created clickable prototypes for testing, led remote and in-person test sessions, and advocated for changes based on test findings.
oCollaboration: Worked closely with visual, copy, production and programming team members to create intuitive, delightful user experiences. Loved every minute of it.
Skills: Visual and interface design, Adobe Creative Suite, especially Photoshop and Illustrator, Justinmind, Axure, Balsamiq, Omnigraffle

Bluetooth Creative Group (http://bluetoothcreative.com/), Rockville Center, NY 11570
UI/UX Web Designer-Developer / Graphic Designer / Art Director
September 2007 to March 2015
oWarner Brothers/Mad Magazine
oNorthern Dutchess Symphony Orchestra
oAnne Klein Trade Merchandising
oArmitron Watch Company
oMaster Card Special Promotions
oHyundai Retail Advertising
oHonda Automotive Sales Promotions
oNew Jersey Film Festival Finalist
oOut on a Limb Tree Service
oMahopac Savings Bank
oHCM Consulting
oNorthern Lights
oManhattan Chrysler Jeep, Quasar Cadillac
oNorris Construction
oGlobal Broker Systems
oZ Frame
oAnderson Baron Insurance
oPutnam Jewelers
oCity Development Inc.
oV Preferred
oFountain Youth Ice Cream
oDream Depot
oNewport Imaging
oHealthquest

Current daily responsibilities for Steinberg Symer Platt:
Wire-framing and rapid proto-typing experience with tools such as Axure, Balsamic, Photoshop, Fireworks, etc.
Projects completed in a team oriented, agile environment using third party software to
navigate sprints and milestones.
Build responsive web sites using media queries composed through Adobe DreamWeaver to insure maximum use of best-practices coding and compliance with current W3C standards.
Have highly developed and refined skills in digital graphic design and art direction.
User research: Gathering user data via Google Analytics and cross-referencing with data acquired from user surveys conducted by client, agency or focus-group research contractor.
Client-facing meetings regularly taken to determine which most efficient UX/UI methodologies need to be engaged for maximum ROI.
Design marketing slicks, magazine ads, brochures, and infographics.
Design responsive and column layout emails, landing pages, trade show booths.
Design retail websites using ecommerce platforms.
Designs and produces art and copy layouts for material to be presented by visual communications media, such as brochures, emails, flyers, catalogs, technical manuals, print advertising, promotional materials, Flash banner ads.
Designs media in a wide variety of styles that correspond to the client’s needs.
Designed presentations/posters/covers in Quark, Photoshop, and PowerPoint.
Worked in fast-paced environment with team of ~15 on contract basis.
Assisted on web team with contributions in Illustrator, Photoshop, and Flash.
Created ratings reports and monthly, quarterly, and weekly ratings lists.
Coordinated and tracked activity on lists among analysts/production associates/printer.
Drew illustrations for logos, Web pages, and presentations.
Designed color PowerPoint presentations for external clients.
Assisted on web team with contributions in Illustrator, Photoshop, and Flash.
Brainstormed ideas/created illustrations for logos, whitepapers, ads, interactive media, and presentations using Illustrator, Flash/ActionScript, PowerPoint, Word, and Photoshop within brand guidelines.
Created Flash/ActionScript presentations and indexing.
Trained colleagues in use of Adobe and Microsoft software.
Partnering with development team, designed new corporate website with improved user experience on tight timeline, resulting in significant lead generation, later updated side with new user library and to be responsive/mobile-friendly.
Assisted team of project managers, architects and engineers in Geospatial projects, and graphic designers with user-friendliness specifications. Bing Maps.
Daily business validation testing of various applications with pass or fail metrics to QA team.
Entered bugs and enhancement requests to multiple development teams in
Team Foundation Studio.
Assist with Machine Learning development by providing evidence and algorithm validation.
Participate in and Perform Quality Assurance and Quality Control on Production runs.
Assist in Standard Operating Procedure documentation.
Work in a large team environment to produce content.
Participate in training new staff. Vector Illustration and text
Manage & participate in the creation of powerful, effective UI/UX web / digital graphic designs.
These items include: Wireframes, Interactive/Motion Graphics, SEO, JavaScript Applications, Site Maps, Storyboards, Dynamic / Scalable / Interactive / Data-Driven/Media-Rich Web Sites & their Visual Assets.
Interface with staff, suppliers, vendors, coders, photographers and clients to insure the proper completion of agency projects.

JavaScript Frameworks: D3.js, jQuery, jQuery UI, MongoDB, Express & NodeJS, AngularJS and JavaScript.
Lipman Advertising, NY, New York, 10014
Art Director / Graphic Designer
August 2000 to September 2007

Responsibilities:
Created the type of award winning promotions that routinely and dramatically enhanced business revenues.
Supervision of a driven and dynamic creative team whose output included Direct Mail Advertising, Corporate Print communications, Print Advertising, Newsletters and Point of Sale Displays.
Coordinated the work of 3-5 Agency personnel, creative and service vendors. Trafficked work within very tight deadlines. Copywriter.
UX evangelism and UX education presentations across the enterprise
Usability analysis and solution development
Customer journey maps
Collaborated closely with Product Management
Ecommerce workflow analysis and recommendations
Customer experience strategy, planning and development
Valuation of UX activities to define business value delivered
Interaction Design and wireframes/prototype development for existing product experience redesign and improvement
Worked across all departments of enterprise: Product Management, Operations, Technology, Sales, Finance and CEO/Strategy
Demonstrated high aptitude for team collaboration and open communication
Agile development environment
Wireframe and prototype and workflow diagram development in Axure RP for applications for desktop, tablet and mobile platforms
Excelled at providing highly analytical and highly creative ideas to a Product Mgmt and Technology
Proven problem-solving skills and independent self-direction
Business process analysis that involve multiple systems
Layout and comps for UI
Worked closely with Creative, Media and Account Services to provide guidance and ideas in the planning and development stage that would offer creative solutions to production challenges
Conducted the management of wireframe & Information Architecture process, while ensuring client acceptance of wireframes.
Deliverables management for consumer and secure web site, back-end development, Flash and multimedia development, development/deployment and site functionality
Project management for complete SDLC for web-delivered e-commerce applications, including planning, estimating and project health forecasting using MS Project.
Flash and multimedia estimating, scoping and deliverables management for gaming application
Applied Agile/Waterfall Project Management Life Cycle methodologies
Requirements gathering, discovery and development and database deliverables management for SDLC Java-based application development projects and Oracle-based site management
Skills: Visual and interface design, Adobe Creative Suite, especially Photoshop and Illustrator, Justinmind, Axure, Balsamiq, Omnigraffle

EDUCATION SCHOOL OF VISUAL ARTS, New York, NY
Advertising and Graphic Design. B.A. Degree Study

CERTIFICATIONS DUTCHESS COMMUNITY COLLEGE, Poughkeepsie, New York
Study in Graphic Design. A.A.S. Degree Study
Contact this candidate