EXPERIENCE
Senior UI Designer
OnShift
(June ***6–present)
Worked as part of an agile delivery team consistently bringing UX/UI improvements to the market. To bring consistent value the team looked at analytics, user reports, and customer support tickets to ensure that our focus was in the right area and made the largest impact directly tieing reductions in support tickets to UX/UI improvements. In addition, managed the time of a UI intern who was a shared resource between the marketing and product team. Successfully managed the intern to be a more integral part of the product team while maintaining his commitments to marketing. Projects include: Analyzed thousands of customer support tickets to narrow down the key portions of the product that presented customers with the most confusion. Using these metrics created themes which were used to develop designs and front-end prototypes that were handed off to the development team for implementation.

High-level story mapping sessions to develop strategic initiatives around the next go-to-market product as well as developing key feature improvements to existing product lines. Conducted customer interviews to get a better understanding of how the product is used on a daily basis as well as their key pain points. Used this data to develop quick wireframe prototypes to test our assumptions rapidly in order to refine and deliver the product customers wanted. Worked on a variety of reporting platforms, including administrators and executives. Focused on their key daily activities and the most effective way to get them the key metrics they need to make key decisions without additional effort on their part.

Lead Designer
Ernst & Young
(December 2013–June 2016)
Joined the Content Management & Production team to elevate and standardize the design of over 20 service line and sector intranet sites each with unique teams and business stakeholders. During my time with EY I have been involved with numerous key projects resulting in tangible results with minimal oversight from management. These project include: In two instances managed the complete overhaul of a strategically critical business wide intranet site, including initial kick off meeting with stakeholder, developing sitemap and navigation structure, evaluating current content, created new wireframe/template system. In addition, managed the global production team, while art directing the page creation process. Collaborated with a multi-disciplinary team to implement a work flow and request tool that is utilized by the entire business. Provided the team with usability insights in addition to design elements throughout the site. Design deliverables included: Badging system required for Sharepoint Enterprise search, Web Part display templates and icons for workflow tool submission app. This tool is currently used worldwide and processes over one hundred requests daily. Developed an enhanced look and feel (graphic and aesthetic) for a team project management website as the current system was upgraded to Sharepoint 2013. Senior Graphic Designer

Lead Designer
AmTrust North America
(May 2013–December 2013)
A critical member of the AmTrust marketing team working to promote the AmTrust brand while supporting a national sales force. As a member of a nimble team I had the opportunity to complete a wide variety of projects from print to digital to social and brand identity. Projects include: National trade magazine ads, corporate logo redesign, corporate website redesign and a quarterly newsletter. In addition the marketing team is in charge of running a national sales meeting held once a year.

Senior Web Designer
Bennett Adelson Consulting
(February 2009–April 2013)
Integral part of the User Experience Team working to develop innovative concepts and designs for a wide range of clients. Have man-aged projects with the client on a day-to-day basis from signature to launch, been a part of various pitches for new business, and developed online solutions for web design, front-end development, mobile apps, and intranets Marketing Manager

Expedient Communications
(October 2006–February 2009)
Collaborated within a marketing team to rebrand multiple business units, with several different design themes and logos, into one unified design and message. Responsible for all web and print design in addition to maintaining multiple websites, creating quarterly newsletters, email campaigns, and developing case studies. Also developed a marketing budget for several cities and placed media buys.

CERTIFICATIONS
Certified Usability Analyst (CUA)
Human Factors International

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Fine Arts in Graphic Design, cum laude Minor: Marketing
Miami University:
Oxford, Ohio 1999–2003
Contact this candidate