JAMARR COX
**** **** ****** ***** 502-***-****
Louisville, KY 40214 ac3wur@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Venminder Elizabethtown, KY June 2017 – October 2017
UI/UX Designer II - Product Design
User Interface/User Experience Designer executing the design of applications using software platforms such as Adobe CC products, Visual Studio. Working with the business analysis and subject matter experts, I’ve taken projects from conversation to wireframes to prototype to front-end development. Concept designs, layouts, interactive prototypes that connect the dots between client-facing, internal-facing products and all the moving parts in between. Always striving put the user first to optimize the user experience. Very resourceful skill-set while strong on the art and design side. Created working prototypes and front-end development for various applications including:
Document Storage - A document search and retrieval application that utilizes filters and tags
Wireframes and prototypes for Document Storage and Rapid Service Delivery workflow queues
Interactive vendor vetting analysis forms (ex. SOC Analysis, BCP Analysis). Creating online forms from static word document and PDFs using HTML, Jquery SAAS and Bootstrap

Hilliard Lyons Louisville, KY May 2014 – May 2017
UI/UX Designer II
User Interface/User Experience Designer executing the design of company-wide applications using software platforms such as Adobe CC products, Visual Studio, & SharePoint. Able to take a project from creating personas to wireframes to prototype to front-end development. Always striving put the user first to optimize the user experience. Very resourceful skill-set while strong on the art and design side. Created applications used across departments within the company, including:
Concept designs & layouts for our new and upcoming intranet
Annuity Tracking application
Account Number Search and Lookup application
Personnel Action Request Application (PAR App) for the HR Department

The Marketing Company New Albany, IN February 2006 – May 2014
Art Director / UI Designer
Specializing in user interface design and web design. Work closely with project manager to develop creative concepts that (a) strengthen clients’ brand and positioning in the market and (b) ensure a logical, satisfying experience for the end user. Responsible for executing and overseeing entire design process, from concept to completion.

Jefferson Community Technical College (JCTC) Louisville, KY January 2006 – May 2010
Adjunct Instructor, Commercial Art Department
Taught Dreamweaver and web design courses. Instruction included web design basics, composition, and best practices. Also taught students how to prepare and create images and files for the web using design tools such as Photoshop and Illustrator.

Yum! Brands Inc. Louisville, KY October 2004 – December 2005
Art Director, Creative Services Department
Responsible for Point of Purchase (POP) design for restaurants, advertisements, web pages, and internal communications. Worked closely with account managers to meet client needs. Designed posters, counter cards, banners, and window clings. Developed POP and Point of Sale (POS) materials for test facilities. Also designed corporate new-hire folder.

Courier-Journal/Gannett, Inc. Louisville, KY September 1999 – October 2004
Graphic Artist, Creative Services Department
Designed newspaper advertisements (black and white to four-color). Worked closely with sales reps to ensure client needs were met. Designed ads for special publications such as Velocity, PGA, Kentuckiana Style, and Welcome Home. Also designed splash pages and web banners for the Internet Department. Assisted with designing prototype advertisements for Velocity, a “Generation X” publication launched in 2003.
EDUCATION
Jefferson Community Technical College (JCTC) Louisville, KY 1995 – 1998
Internships at Aris Communications and AGS Media / Creative Media Learning
DEVELOPMENT TOOLS PROFICIENCY
Proficient in Photoshop, Dreamweaver, Illustrator, Adobe CC, MS SharePoint, MS Visual Studio, HTML 5, CSS3, jQuery, Angular, and JavaScript
I use these tools in UI design and prototyping, branding, logos / corporate identity, illustration, advertising, print, creative problem-solving, and project management
AWARDS & ACCOMPLISHMENTS
KPA Awards Automotive Category - First Place
2013 Davey Awards Silver - Best Website Homepage (www.redwhiteandblushstore.com)
PORTFOLIO DETAILS
See www.jamarrcoxcreative.com for my portfolio of work.
Also see my LinkedIn profile at www.linkedin.com/in/jamarr-cox-7873114b.
Contact this candidate