Mohamed Nasser
Mohamed
Senior UI-UX Designer
Education
Nasr Eldien St. - Giza - Egypt
+2-011-***-***-**
ac5apq@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.behance.net/mohamednasser7
Bachelor degree of Computer Science and Information System 2011 – 2015 Fayoum University
Skills
Perfect at UI/UX and visual design.
Excellent in graphic design (Photoshop and illustrator). Excellent at HTML, Bootstrap and CSS, good at JQuery and fair in Angular. Work History
Senior UI and web Designer March. 2017 – Present
Bird Cloud - Doha / Turn Cloud - Egypt
I work in building applications prototype and wireframes, study user and make design documentation then working in UI for web and mobile apps with latest guidelines and tools and finally can convert it to html code (work with MVC .Net and Angular4) technologies. I worked as outsource in Doha for 5 months in multiple project and still for Qatar Charity. UI/UX Designer Oct. 2016 – Feb.2017
8 Digital Marketing Agency
Build application wire-frame and structure of pages, design it for clients and transfer it into web pages using HTML, CSS and JQuery.
UI/UX Designer and Front-end Developer Sep. 2015 – Oct.2016 Advanced Group for Information Technology (AGI)
Build application wire-frame and structure of pages, design it for clients and transfer it into web pages using HTML, CSS and JQuery.
Design web pages to be ready for work by developers and testing it after development cycle.
Microsoft Student Partner (UI/UX Developer vertical) Nov. 2014 - June 2015 Microsoft Egypt
Deliver Microsoft technologies and development techniques to University students and learn them how make apps in windows store.
Attend Sessions and workshops of UI design (making wire-frames and build the structure of apps).
Educate and explains to our students of my university how you can design UI for apps and the infrastructure of wire-framing, UX design and Interface design. Assembly line 5-1 Trainee Nov. 2013 - May 2014
Egypt Appfactory
Appfactory program training for 6 months learn how can I make apps in windows 8, 8.1 and windows phone, attending workshops and present app for Appfactory team leaders.
Did 8 applications in windows store 8.1 and windows phone.
Designed UI for more apps of my team.
Graphic Designer and UI Designer Nov. 2012 - Present Freelance
I worked in many projects as a freelancer for graphic, visual and UI design for web and mobile apps.
I worked in many fields of UI in mobile and web apps, desktop systems and windows store apps.
Work as a graphic designer in Branding, Icon design, Identity design and several printed and social works.
Experience and Activities
Worked as UI/UX Developer at Bookmark Corp. for 2 month.
Head of Design at Google student club at Fayoum University.
Graphic design and UI/UX instructor at IEEE branch Fayoum University.
Head of Technical arm and UI instructor of Microsoft Tech club Fayoum University.
participated in third Scientific Conference for Science and Technology Innovations at Mansoura University in Nov. 2014
Published a lot of my works in graphic design and UI/UX in my account on Benhance in that link: https://www.behance.net/mohamednasser7
I was member in Student Union in the faculty for 2 years I worked as a volunteer in MSP program Fayoum University for 2 years as Tech club member and MSPr.
Being one of the leaders of tech club as technical in my university
Participated in Second Scientific Conference for Science and Technology Innovations at Mansoura University on October 2013.
Participated in lots of sessions at Microsoft Egypt
Participated in INGAZ competition
Member at Resala Family in the faculty
I was a volunteer at Resala Charity in Fayoum
Certifications
Honoring certification for participate in EED 2015.
Honoring certification for participate in Second and third Scientific Conference for Science and Technology Innovations at Mansoura university.
Assembly line 5-1 graduate certification for complete training for 6 months with Egypt Appfactory program.
Microsoft Virtual Academy certification in windows 8.1 UX design, design your XAML UI by blend, windows phone 8 development, programming in c#, building apps for windows phone 8, build apps for windows 8 and windows phone 8.
Business Model Camp certification in INGAZ competition
3 certification in graphic design from faculty of computers science
Contact this candidate