Stephanie Wright
Product Designer
Chenega Corporation / Boston, MA
Product Designer
Contractor at Kessel Run within the Air Force
Agile Lean startup approach: MVP and rapid iterations. Conducts user interviews and product research. Daily product decision making and delivery with product managers and developers. Synthesize research results into prioritized actions. Research, testing, and designing quality applications. Experienced in user research methodologies. Visually communicates ideas through Test Driven Design.
CACI International / Newington, VA
Sharepoint Analyst + Web Designer
Contractor within the State Department
Performed regular updates to websites/SharePoint sites on both Classified and Unclassified network servers. Responsible for the content management for the office of System Integrity. Assisted the State Department’s enterprise with computer virus related problems as they occur. Served as a point of contact for the embassies and consulates worldwide. Assisted in the collection and submission of malware code samples, and performed analysis and risk assessments. Monitored spam emails for the entire State Department.
All Native Group / Arlington, VA
Web + Graphic Designer
Contractor within the Department of Defense at the Pentagon. Maintained support for websites with a various content management systems. Best User Interface and User Experience practices applied to websites and applications used throughout the DoD. Coordinate all site migration efforts to maintain governance of sites with Stakeholders and Development support teams. Assists in making website updates to include minor front-end code changes. Design consultation
of websites and evaluation of sites in development stage. Photographer for Pentagon sponsored events.
NOV 2018
PRESENT
NOV 2016
SEP 2017
SEP 2017
OCT 2018
571-***-****
ac80ms@r.postjobfree.com
https://paigeandmarley.com
SKILLS
Agile Lean Environment
Art Direction
Branding
Contextual Inquiry
Design Consulting
Image Editing
Interactive Design
Interactive Flow Map
Interface Prototyping
Logo Design
Low + High Fidelity Design Persona
+ Scenario
Photography
Prepress
Screen Printing
User Research
Usability Testing
Website Analytics
Wireframing
TOOLS
Adobe Creative Suite
Drupal
Figma
Google Drive
GSuite
HTML + CSS
InVision
Mac + PC Platforms
Mircrosoft Office
Mural
SharePoint
Sketch
Trello
Zeplin
EDUCATION
Virginia Commonwealth University
Richmond, VA / MAY 2006
BFA / Communication Design
EXPERIENCE
Contact this candidate