A ﬁtness health tracker app designed to track goals,
provide videos, and to encourage living a healthy life. What Yelp is for food, Ink Tank is for tattoos!
Helping users ﬁnd tattoos and an artists
to connect with.
One-on-one interviews, in-home researcher,
participatory design co-creation sessions, team
ideation, and online communities.
Raise the Bar
Skills and Tools
Experience
SAAVHA, New York City UX/UI Designer
Incharge of writing usability testing plans and scripts which then identiﬁed customer and market needs
directly inﬂuencing SAAVA’s business strategy.
Research ﬁndings were used by the CEO and
presented at conferences in Europe.
Represented SAAVHA at New York Tech Day with over
3,000 guests gathering research for SAAVHA.
Spoke to investors, designers, devlopers, and guests about SAAVHA’s mission which inﬂuenced oncoming
partners.
CareerFoundry, Berlin Certiﬁcate
User Experience Design Specialization in UI
Intensive course for UX designers, specializing
in UX fundamentals, methods, information
architecture and research-driven approaches to
design, as well as prototyping, wire framing, and
understanding UI elements.
William Paterson University, Wayne NJ BA in
Psychology, Minor in Sociology
Specialized in Abnormal psychology,
Cognitive Psychology, Personality Theory,
Perception Theory, and Statistics.
Education
Provided an app screening test for older individuals who may think they have Alzheimers or Dementia.
SLUMS 2.0 won with a score of 97 points amongst
5 judges against 30 other designers.
These judges are individuals who have a strong
background in the aging community, functional
health assessment, biomedical instrumentation, as
well as eldercare and assistive technologies.
SLUMS 2.0
July 2017-July 2018
January 2013-May 2016
April-June 2019
Ink Tank
Communicaton
Design Thinking
Erica
Guido UX/UI Designer www.linkedin.com/in/ericaguido
609-***-****
ac97me@r.postjobfree.com
CONTACT
About Me
I am a UX/UI Designer who leads design with curiosity and creates modern, simple, and driven ideas and turns them into real life solutions.
User Centered Design and Research
Storytelling, infographics, communication strategy and planning, and presentations.
Survey questionnaire design, execution and analysis, user research, competitive analysis, personas, user ﬂows, sitemaps, wireframes, mock-ups, prototyping, card sorting,
usability testing and web design.
If you never take challenges you never move forward Sketch, InVision, Survey Monkey, Atom, Balsamiq, Microsoft O!ce, and Figma.
Tools
https://ericaguido.com/
Contact this candidate