Toni Michele Carrillo
EXPERIENCE
Sr. UI/UX Designer at KForce Global Solutions
May 2015 to present
Client: UL Verification
Current Team Lead for Creative Team, in charge of daily updates and art direction of various design projects of the team, as well as, the design, conceptualization and implementation of the UX/UI for various web and mobile applications, online portals and internal systems for external clients as well as internal projects/products under UL Verification. Also work on different in-house branding, processes and presentation requirements as needed by the different departments.
Sr. UI/UX Designer at Yondu
January to May 2016
Worked project based under the UX Department of the Solutions Delivery Group and Section8, and was in charge for the conceptualization and design of the UX/UI for websites, mobile applications, online portals and internal systems for external clients as well as internal projects/products under Yondu and Globe Telecom. Was also in charge of the conceptualization, design, and implementation for various in-house marketing projects (ie videos, presentations, infographics).
Sr. Graphic Designer/Team Lead (volunteer) at FreeSpeech Publications May 2007 to present
In charge of the conceptualization, design and layout for the yearly planner, This Journal Will Actually Change Someone’s Life (2008 to present) whose proceeds go directly to Lifeline Foundation, a local NGO. Also includes the EDUCATION
BA in Multimedia Arts
Asia Pacific College
Makati City, PH 2007
Grade 12 with Honors
LF South City Central School
Paranaque City, PH 2002
v
PROFILE
A highly versatile designer with over 8 years of experience in UI/UX, Web, Mobile and Graphic design. One who is always on the lookout for creative and fresh ideas and turning them into reality. A full-time volunteer for Lifeline Foundation, a local NGO, and part of the creative team for FreeSpeech Publications. A self-confessed bookworm that lives with a passion, delves on details, an active team player, loves photography and travel, and enjoys helping change people's lives.
EXPERTISE
UI/UX Design
Graphic Design & Branding
Art Direction
Copywriting
Publishing
Project Management
Communication
Multi-tasking & Detail Orientation
Leadership & Team Building
TECHnical SKILLS
Basecamp
Photoshop CC
Illustrator CC
InDesign CC
Flash CC
Dreamweaver CC
Balsamiq
Google Docs
Microsoft Office
• UI/UX Designer •
PHONE 0917.847.8498 / EMAI L acrmvl@r.postjobfree.com / WEB linkedin.com/michicarrillo 1
collection, checking, art direction of submitted artwork from the different volunteer artists, and the design and layout of marketing collaterals (tarps, posters, e-newsletters) and the website and mobile app design and development. Also in charge of the maintenance of the different social media sites of FreeSpeech.
Sr. Graphic Designer/Photographer (volunteer) at Lifeline Foundation January 2004 to present
In charge of the conceptualization, design and layout for the different print collaterals of the NGO for medical outreaches and different events, as well as the design and development of the website and maintenance of the social media sites. Photographer and volunteer for the different events and outreaches as well.
Sr. UI/Web & Graphic Designer at TV 5
July 2012 to July 2014
In charge of the conceptualization and design of graphics for in-house company sites (TV 5 portal, Pinoy Hoops, Balut Radio, Kristn.com/Hitlist.com) as well as images and banners used on the various social media sites. Worked on the UX/UI design for in-house websites and apps used on the iPad, iPhone, and Andriod-based units. Also, was the photographer for Kristn.com/Hitlist.com events and various behind-the-scenes for TV 5 shows and promotions.
Sr. UI/Web & Graphic Designer at TV 5
July 2012 to July 2014
In charge of the conceptualization and implementation of graphics for the different companies/clients, which included branding, print and packaging designs, graphic illustrations, marketing collaterals, presentation materials, photo editing and manipulation, audio-video presentations, and various website designs and user interface designs for different mobile and web applications used on the iPad, iPhone, and Andriod-based units. Experienced in creating design framework screens prior to actual design for project flow/system analytics. As part of marketing team, presented and proposed our company and the solutions/projects that would fit the client’s specific needs. Oversaw the completion of different team-based projects, at the same time coordinating and communicating personally with the client regarding project scope, workflow, design, and development of the project from start to finish.
Web & Graphic Designer/Team Lead at Onyx Web
May 2007 to June 2010
In charge as team lead of the creative team that catered to 4 different companies - a coffee shop, a furniture and jewellery store, and a salon and spa. Worked on the conceptualization and implementation of graphics for the different companies, which included branding, print and packaging designs, graphic illustrations, merchandise design, marketing collaterals, print ads, press releases, presentation materials, photo and video editing, and website design and development. Also, coordinated and negotiating with suppliers and printers for the various print and display requirements, and the installation of various media for the different store fronts (tarps, mounted posters, menu boards, glass stickers). Provided photo and video coverage of events for the different companies, as well as, the design and set up for company events and press conferences.
References
HELEN ESIO
UI/UX Designer, Yondu
ANNA MA. VICTORIA C. ROMERO
Deputy Director, Lifeline Foundation
Support Team, Inc.
RAFFY JAMOLANGUE
CEO & Creative Director, Juiced and
Wrapped Ideas
JACO PAYAWAL
New Media Creative Head, TV 5
RINNA GUEVARA
UI/UX Designer, KForce Global
* Contact information available
upon request
2
Contact this candidate