** * * ** * h S t r e e t, Ap t * J • J a c k s o n He i g h t s, NY 1137 2, Te l : 34 7 - 3 0 6 - 4 3 6 5 Ema i l : p s awc h u k hmh@gma i l . c om, We b s i t e : p e t e r s awc h u k . c om UX/UI and IxD Designer
accustomed to working in fast
paced, iterative and highly
collaborative environment of
Agile/Lean UX. My approach
is immersive, strategic and
adaptive: aligning all aspects
of UX to create products that
are not just useful but liked.
Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Senior Design Architect (UX/UI and IxD) 2011–Present Responsible for UX, UI and IxD for various digital products: websites, as well as web and mobile apps. I am a member of the HMH Player UX team. HMH Player is a revolutionary learning app (and ISTE 2014 Best of Show Winner) that connects teachers and students directly to HMH content. Responsibilities across projects include: competitive research and analysis, development of personas, user interviews, informational architecture, card sorting, development of digital strategies, establishing user task flows and journeys, wireframing, prototyping, user testing design and facilitation, creating mood boards, visual design, and style guides for domestic as well as overseas developers.
Senior Print Designer/Team Leader 2007–11
Collaborated on development, design and concept of textbook programs. Worked in small teams to rapidly lay out textbooks containing well over 1,000 pages. Responsible for design of individual stories from concept to execution. Supervised designers as well as outside design vendors. Executed projects within a multi-channel publishing workflow. Oversaw implementation of templates and style sheets, commissioned: art, photography, and graphics. Directed outside composition vendors. Prepped files for print, performed press checks. Chaired a training commit- tee that sponsored monthly “lunch time” Webex presentations by internal experts. Holt, Rinehart and Winston
Designer (for literature textbooks for grades 6-12) 2000–07 Contributed to developmental design/concepts of book interiors. Created mood boards. Composed multi-page style guides that included specifications for typography, page types and graphics. Concepted and rendered various types of graphics: icons, diagrams, and photo-manipulation. Education and Training
General Assembly: 12 week User Experience Design, taught by Ryan Snelson School of Visual Arts: MFA
Rhode Island School of Design: BFA
Technical Skill Sets
Photoshop • Axure • InDesign • Acrobat • Fireworks • Illustrator • Microsoft Office • Google Drive/Docs • HTML • CSS • JIRA • Confluence UX/Process Proficiencies
Card Sorting • Research and Competitive Analysis • UX Strategies and Business Models Informational Architecture • Visual Design • User Research and Testing • Wireframing Prototyping • Affinity Diagraming Development of User Stories • Agile • Lean Six Sigma
P e t e r S awc h u k User Experience Design, UI and IxD
Contact this candidate