Daniel
Szilagyi

778-***-****
647-***-****

actidg@r.postjobfree.com

art-szilagyi.blogspot.com

https://www.behance.net/dszilagyi

https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0BzZtJBL4_SkUbXQ2by1PZTdwQzg&usp=sharing

SUMMARY

I’m an experienced artist and designer with over 6 years of industry experience in TV animation and mobile/console games.

EXPERIENCE

Digital Artist-UI/UX Artist, Morningstar Interactive
2014 - 2016

I’ve created wireframes and mockups for our game and user flows, beyond that I also created all visual icons and UI elements.
Working with Photoshop, Illustrator, Flash, Unity ( 5.2 ) and prototyping tools such as InVision, Balsamiq and Pixate.

Part Time Instructor, Vancouver College of Art and Design
2015 - 2015

Instructed students in mobile game design and foundations and in the past I taught as a character design teacher where I teach students the basics of drawing and design theory,color, autonomy.

UI Artist, United Front Games
2014 - 2014

Worked on Halo Master Chief Collection xbox one game, front end UI work and animation including visual mockups ( after effects ). I did some light coding ( HTML and Actionscript ) and created UI assets using Photoshop and Illustrator.

Art Lead, Victory Square Games
2013-2014

I created the visual designs ( game styles and art guides ) and look of the mobile game which includes character designs, background designs, UI and motion graphic concepts. I also created various promotional material ( banners, ads and various graphic design elements.
Tools used include : Adobe Suite, Flinto ( prototyping ) Unity

Art Lead, DeNA Studios Canada
2012-2013

Worked as an art lead on 3 mobile titles ( Time Teens, NFL Match-Up’s Live, G.I Joe : Battleground ) where I focused and created : initial mockups, user flows, wireframes and concept drawings for characters and backgrounds, UI ( created initial designs until final polish ) and animation ( using Flash, after effects ) directly responsible for contract feedback and notes ( including draw overs )

Did some small recruitment for art team ( assistant art lead, 2D artists )

Artist/Animator, Ayogo Health and Games
2011-2012

Worked on 2 children’s mobile projects ( Zwonks, Monster Manor ) where I designed wireframes and basic user game flows, rapidly designed concept characters, backgrounds, props ( created using Adobe Suite ) and UI elements such as HUD’s, buttons and more.

Storyboard Artist, Atomic Cartoons
2010-2010

Worked as a storyboard artist on Transformers Rescue Bots where I fixed various shots, created scenes and did revisions where needed.
Tools used : Sketchbook Pro, Storyboard Pro, Photoshop

Storyboard Artist, Nexon Publishing North America - Humanture Studios
2009-2010

I created storyboards ( Sketchbook Pro ) for in-gameplay and pre-viz production and concepts for motion graphics ( After Effects )

EDUCATION

Capilano University
3D animation and Design 2010-2011

Certificate in 3D animation and Design.
Learned and studied Maya and XSI software with general knowledge and skill overview in animation,modelling, texturing and rigging.

Vancouver Film School
Classical Animation ( 2D) 2005-2006

Diploma in classical 2D animation.
Learned all aspects of production from storyboarding to final color, intensive study in classical 2D animation with focus on timing, weight and structure.
Completed final student film at the end of the course.

SKILLS

●Expert knowledge and skills in 2D animation ( Flash, Harmony ) and the Adobe suite.
●Have worked on multiple mobile games ( iOS and Android) and AAA console game experience.
●Familiarity with Agile work environments.
●Expert understanding of graphic design principles (typography, colour, grid systems, etc)
●Strong communication skills - Contribute to discussions, visualize ideas from concept to final completion, and present solutions to production team and clients.
●Experience working with InVision, Sketch, Flinto, Pixate, Principal and other prototyping softwares.
●

REFERENCES

Available upon request.
Contact this candidate