ADYS FRANCO
actr26@r.postjobfree.com
647-***-****
Toronto, Ontario
dESiGN
YiELDS
SiMPLE
aNSWERS
Arts and Crafts, world history, design and visual
communication, Asian languages and culture,
photography, reading, human behavior, psychology,
research, mobile apps development, games
development.
INTERESTS
Bachelor of Graphic Design
ISDI. Superior Institute of Design. 1998-2003.
Havana, Cuba.
EDUCATION
Dynamic operations manager focused in the
identication and recommendation of new Web
features to be developed, tested, and
documented as part of a cross-functional team.
Meticulous Requirements Analyst including
the evaluation of projects specications for
client’s Websites ahead of deadline.
SStrong collaborative skills * Customer needs
assessment * Content Development * Graphics and
Animation * Software Testing * Web Site Design *
Design Research * Strong analytical skills * Web
content management * Research solutions *
Leadership * Ability to work independently or with a team * Adaptability * Organizational skills * Capacity to me mentor * Self-condence.
Accurate website designer creating
pixel-perfect wireframes, accent graphics,
advertisements, icons, animations and logos
based on a neat and minimalist approach.
Understanding of HTML and CSS.
IInnovative conceptualist with sharp eye for a
fresh and cutting-edge design, known for
producing highly eﬀective end products,
resulting consistently in successful new-client
acquisitions.
CCreative strategist and planner dening and
communicating websites/apps functionality,
usability and standards, following user-centered
design methodologies in conjunction with
content creators and sales staﬀ.
PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
Graphic Tools Adobe Photoshop, Adobe
Illustrator, Adobe Indesign, Corel Draw.
Multimedia, 2D animation Adobe Flash.
Documents and Work organization
Microsoft Oﬃce Suite, Adobe Acrobat
Professional.
TECHNICAL PROFICIENCY
User Experience designer with a strong
interest in human-computer interactions and
extensive knowledge in mobile and web
applications. A constant learner, adept at
researching, evaluating, designing,
customizing, and upgrading Web
Portal/sites/apps.
UX/UI DESIGNER
ADYS FRANCO
actr26@r.postjobfree.com
647-***-****
Toronto, Ontario
dESiGN
YiELDS
SiMPLE
aNSWERS
Freelance UX/UI Designer
Solwayscuba. Dec 2011 – Apr 2012
- Generated the Style guide for the new website
www.solmeliacuba.com within a
multi-disciplinary team, to guarantee the
adherence to graphic requirements in future
updates.
Freelance UX/UI Designer
Cubarte Editorial. Dec 2009 – May 2010
- Designed and developed a multimedia product
titled El Cucalambé y la esta suprema that
received the 1st prize in Multimedia Design at
the International Music Festival Cubadisco 2010.
Havana, Cuba. This project also included the
printed covers and inserts.
Freelance Graphic Designer
CENI CENIT. Jul 2006 – May 2009
- Illustrated and animated a set of Cuban popular
tales, as part of a multi-cultural project.
Freelance Graphic Designer
Egrem. Feb 2006 – May 2006
- Designed CD covers and other printed materials
for musicians.
UX/UI Designer (community work)
Laza. Nov 2004 – Dec 2004
- Assumed the overall production of an
interactive portable multimedia that displays the
public performance of a painter with children.
Bachelor's Thesis UX/UI (university)
ISDI.Superior Institute of Design.
DDec 2002 – Jun 2003
Type: Educational Multimedia.
Title: ‘From abstraction to Irony. History of Design in 20th Century’ (Original Title: De la abstracción a la ironía, historia del diseño en el siglo XX).
Senior UX/UI Designer
Citmatel. Sep 2003 – Jun 2014
- Executed and monitored standards for user
interfaces, page layouts and graphics
development based on corporate brand guides.
- Met with clients to gather requirements and
established specications in accordance with
their needs and demands, following
user-centered design methodologies.
- Conceptualized and wrote project briefs that
gained approval to completely redesign the web
presence in order to drive additional business.
- Designed wireframes and pixel perfect
mock-ups under quality control guidelines to
ensure client satisfaction before the project
development phase.
- Created corporate websites, portals, and
e-commerce stores/services working closely with
cross-functional teams. Produced and managed
specic web content related to e-commerce
stores/services.
- Conceived a set of modules and containers for
the company’s customized CMS, which reduced
future projects average delivery times in three
quarters.
- Provided guidance and training to other team
members during the development process to
ensure adequate implementation.
-Worked on corporate presentations,
promotional campaigns, printed and digital
marketing materials.
- Examined design for more than 600 websites,
by measuring quality standards, consistency, and
functional accuracy as a crucial step in the
granting of a National Web Quality Award.
EXPERIENCE See more -
Contact this candidate