Marta Pernas
UX/UI Designer, Interaction Designer, Visual Designer, Information Architect
Personal Statement
Lead UX Designer Scholastic Inc.
Classroom Magazines Digital 2015-Present
UX/UI Designer Scholastic Inc.
Marketing 2014-2015
Interaction Designer Scholastic Inc.
Freelancer 2013-2014
UI Designer/Front-End Developer Simbiant Inc.
Freelancer 2012-12
References
Available upon request
Work Experience
Professional Skills
Design Skills
Programming Skills
Software Skills
Languages
Education 2003-2007
I am a passionate UX/UI Designer who loves to create delightful, easy to use experiences and a BIG believer in lean design techniques that follow a user-centered approach. Responsible for designing elegant, customer-focused website solutions for the Classroom Magazines customer experience.
Rapidly prototype and wire-frame responsive concept for websites and Apps. Manage the user system interface, its site architecture, interaction and visual design across the web, desktop and mobile applications. Translate business needs into simple, engaging user-centered solutions. Support marketing and advertising in UX design – advertising modules, sign in and registration modules, free trial user flows, etc. Collaborate with producers to define individual website requirements while maintaining cohesive experiences across all brands Collaborate with Editorial and Visual interface design for content strategy while implementing best practices.
Lead every aspect of UX including user research, user ability testing, interaction design, visual/UI design, and interactive prototyping. UI-User Interface
Create CM site maps to address user flow errors and maximize the ease of locating each piece of information.
Define multiple device scenario considerations, responsive fluid layout Participated in cross-functional teams that include creative leads, other designers, project management, product management, software developers, and QA.
Created digital assets that effectively communicate product function and intent, user interaction, and screen hierarchy.
Rapidly produced multiple concepts and prototypes, knowing when to apply pixel-perfect or lo-fi wire-frames.
Translated ideas, sketches, and wire-frames into high-fidelity mock ups and UI designs.
Conceptualized and designed iconography, product layout and designed HTML games interactivity.
Designed flexible templates for game designs
Manage multiple projects at one time, switching focus between projects as required to manage priorities
Ensuring user’s needs are aligned with business goals. Excellent workflow collaborator with developers.
Agile processes and methodology applied to desktop & mobile design products.
Supervise and mentor other designers on UI latest best practices and making sure the team deliverables
meet users and business requirements
Interfaces design with strong branding and
user-center logics.
Visual Design
UX & UI Design
Persona Creation
Information Architecture (IA)
Requirements Definition
Prototyping
HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery
Adobe CC, Invision App, Sketch, Axure RP, Gira
English and Spanish
NJCU - New Jersey City University
BFA Communication Design/Illustration
https://www.behance.net/martaperna1256
UI Designer Serco Inc.
Freelancer 2009-2012
Visual Designer Federal Jeans Inc.
Art Department 2007-2012
Contact this candidate