Valentin Panyushenko
www.panyushenko.com

To Whom It May Concern:

My collective experience encompasses many disciplines, the focus being on the creation and deployment of interactive user interface designs. There has been a seismic shift in the way we take in information. Content needs to be atomized, distributed and reconstituted in meaningful, highly accessible ways in order to compete with the amount of digital noise out there. Over the past 7 years I have with startups delivering art direction, strategy, design, marketing and communications in a variety of media. I have worked on building ideas into functional designs including for a bank that got funded earlier this year.

I have been working to create new ways to connect people in this brave new digital world in which we find ourselves. It’s not just about digitizing print assets but rethinking the entire engagement approach. I have many years of experience designing and prototyping interfaces across multiple platforms while working closely with programmers to develop beautiful context based solutions. I believe the future of digital will rely heavily on customer centric technologies and predictive and big data analysis. It’s an exciting time to be working in this space as a designer with new products and services being digitized every day.

Also, I have been responsible for applying advanced and diversified concepts, cross category product story understanding, theories, principles, practices and insights through high-level design and reinforcing these principles within the team. I may work on cross-categorical projects that include creating design, supporting design or creative initiatives and innovation that advances the design image. I communicate the design vision, results, and stories to a variety of audiences (internal/external) informally and at a high level.

Sincerely,

Valentin Panyushenko

Valentin Panyushenko
www.panyushenko.com
415-***-**** acxs4j@r.postjobfree.com

PROFILE
Seven years of experience implementing UI and UX designs on apps, websites, and emails
Strong design and production skills with an emphasis on interactive elements
Exceptional knowledge of human-computer interaction, navigation, and usability for a UI
Adept at all phases of a project life cycle: idea generation, UI/UX Design, and QA testing
Fluent in both Russian and English

EDUCATION
Temple University Orlando, FL
Business Entrepreneurship 2013
While in school, I was designing websites. This included designing and maintaining a website and profile pages for a local modeling agency, a website for TraceFM Broadcast, and an ecommerce store for Onyx Hookah Lounge.

EXPERIENCE
MyFamli Freelance
UI/UX Designer July 2016 – current
Worked on idea generation to differentiate the User Interface Design and User Experience Design from the competition
Worked using Agile Scrum methodology to do rapid prototyping for Web and iOS apps
Used Sketch and InVision to create several versions of clickable prototypes for A/B testing
Created and tested HTML 5 promotional emails using Textmate

Ellipses Contract
UI/UX Designer May 2014 – July 2016
Responsible for project management of eight unique finance productivity applications
Lead the design process with style guides, image assets, wireframes, and screen mockups
Personally designed the mobile and webs apps from start to finish using Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, Sketch, and InVision
Collaborated with the developers to finish a very complicated project on schedule

Talk Contract
UI/UX Designer August 2013 – May 2014
Worked with a vision statement to create prototypes and UI deliverables such as wireframes, flowcharts, screen mockups, and interface design specifications
Built the application three weeks ahead of schedule and significantly under budget

Invoice Flow Freelance
UI/UX Designer November 2012 – July 2013
Collaborated with the team to work meticulously on UX flows using wireframes and sitemaps
Prototyped the UI from start to finish using pre-designed style guides and color pallets
Used the Adobe Creative Suite to build the design and prepared the presentations with Microsoft Office

Various Wordpress Projects Freelance
Web UI/UX Designer December 2009 – December 2012
Set up and maintained a website with model profiles for Contender Model Management. Updated the site with new profile and picture galleries after each photoshoot
Designed a website for TranceFM Broadcast to upload music with various sharing capabilities
Worked with Onyx Hookah Lounge to create a full service responsive website integrating a promotional and sleek design with a full e-commence store.

SKILLS
Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, Premier)
Sketch
Prototyping (Axure, InVision, Craft)
Wireframing
Project Management (Slack, Jira, Trello, Teamwork, G-Suite, Listening, Verbal, Written)
Interactive UI/UX Design (Mobile, Tablet, Web, iOS, Android)
Microsoft Office & iWork (Work, Excel, Powerpoint, Pages, Numbers, Keynote)
Final Cut Pro X
Problem Solving, Reasoning, Creativity, Idea Generation
Fluent in English and Russian
Contact this candidate