ADYS FRANCO
Toronto, Ontario
dES iGN
Y i ELDS
S iMPLE
aNSWERS
UX/UI DESIGNER
User Experience designer with a strong interest
in human computer interactions and extensive
knowledge in mobile and web applications. A
constant learner, adept at researching,
evaluating, designing, customizing, and
upgrading Web Portal/sites/apps.
PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
Accurate website designer creating pixel
perfect wireframes, accent graphics,
advertisements, icons, animations and logos
based on a neat and minimalist approach.
Understanding of HTML and CSS.
Innovative conceptualist with sharp eye for a
fresh and cutting edge design, known for
producing highly effective end products,
resulting consistently in successful new client
acquisitions.
Creative strategist and planner defining and
communicating websites/apps functionality,
usability and standards, following user centered
design methodologies in conjunction with
content creators and sales staff.
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Graphic Design
ISDI. Superior Institute of Design. 1998 2003.
Havana, Cuba.
TECHNICAL PROFICIENCY
Graphic Tools Adobe Photoshop, Adobe
Illustrator, Adobe Indesign, Corel Draw.
Multimedia, 2D animation Adobe Flash.
Documents and Work organization Microsoft
Office Suite, Adobe Acrobat Professional.
Dynamic operations manager focused in the
identification and recommendation of new Web
features to be developed, tested, and
documented as part of a cross functional team.
Meticulous Requirements Analyst including the
evaluation of projects specifications for client’s Websites ahead of deadline.
Strong collaborative skills * Customer needs
assessment * Content Development * Graphics and
Animation * Software Testing * Web Site Design *
Design Research * Strong analytical skills * Web
content management * Research solutions *
Leadership * Ability to work independently or with a team * Adaptability * Organizational skills * Capacity to mentor * Self confidence.
INTERESTS
Arts and Crafts, world history, design and visual
communication, Asian languages and culture,
photography, reading, human behavior, psychology,
research, mobile apps development, games
development.
ADYS FRANCO
acxvai@r.postjobfree.com
647-***-****
Toronto, Ontario
dES iGN
Y i ELDS
S iMPLE
aNSWERS
EXPERIENCE
Senior UX/UI Designer
Citmatel. Sep 2003 – Jun 2014
Executed and monitored standards for user
interfaces, page layouts and graphics development
based on corporate brand guides.
Met with clients to gather requirements and
established specifications in accordance with their needs and demands, following user centered design
methodologies.
Conceptualized and wrote project briefs that
gained approval to completely redesign the web
presence in order to drive additional business.
Designed wireframes and pixel perfect mock ups
under quality control guidelines to ensure client
satisfaction before the project development phase.
Created corporate websites, portals, and e
commerce stores/services working closely with
cross functional teams. Produced and managed
specific web content related to e commerce
stores/services.
Conceived a set of modules and containers for the company’s customized CMS, which reduced future
projects average delivery times in three quarters.
Provided guidance and training to other team
members during the development process to ensure
adequate implementation.
Worked on corporate presentations, promotional
campaigns, printed and digital marketing materials.
Examined design for more than 600 websites, by
measuring quality standards, consistency, and
functional accuracy as a crucial step in the granting of a National Web Quality Award.
Freelance UX/UI Designer
Solwayscuba. Dec 2011 – Apr 2012
Generated the Style guide for the new website
www.solmeliacuba.com within a multi disciplinary
team, to guarantee the adherence to graphic
requirements in future updates.
Freelance UX/UI Designer
Cubarte Editorial. Dec 2009 – May 2010
Designed and developed a multimedia product
titled El Cucalambé y la fiesta suprema that received the 1st prize in Multimedia Design at the
International Music Festival Cubadisco 2010.
Havana, Cuba. This project also included the printed covers and inserts.
Freelance Graphic Designer
CENIT. Jul 2006 – May 2009
Illustrated and animated a set of Cuban popular
tales, as part of a multi cultural project.
Freelance Graphic Designer
Egrem. Feb 2006 – May 2006
Designed CD covers and other printed materials for musicians.
UX/UI Designer (community work)
Laza. Nov 2004 – Dec 2004
Assumed the overall production of an interactive portable multimedia that displays the public
performance of a painter with children.
Bachelor's Thesis UX/UI (university)
ISDI.Superior Institute of Design.
Dec 2002 – Jun 2003
Type: Educational Multimedia.
Title: ‘From abstraction to Irony. History of Design in 20th Century’ (Original Title: De la abstracción a la ironía, historia del diseño en el siglo XX).
https://www.behance.net/Adys_Franco
https://ca.linkedin.com/in/adysfranco
Contact this candidate