UX/UI Designer Product Designer
New York, NY
Miguel Toro
Contact:
ad00oo@r.postjobfree.com
migueltoroe.com
linkedin.com/in/migueltoroe
I’m a UX/UI and Product Designer with 7+ years of
experience working on various multidisciplinary
teams and freelance projects, driving business growth by designing and optimizing high-priority digital
touchpoints. With a focus on delivering pro-client branding and user experience, I strive to bring
exceptional value to clients through innovative
solutions. Areas of expertise include conducting
insightful analytical research, mastery of design tools to create purposeful and aesthetically compelling
visual creations, and the ability to adapt in dynamic environments.
Skills:
Wireframing, Prototyping, User Research &
Interviews, Usability Testing, Branding, Marketing, UI Design, Interaction Design, Archetype Development, Journey Mapping, Web Design, HTML/CSS, Card
Sorting, Information Architecture, User Flows, Site Mapping, Heuristic Analysis, Presentation Skills.
Programs:
Figma, Adobe Suite, Sketch, InVision, Ceros, Miro, Trello, Proto.io, Principle, Microsoft Oﬃce Suite, Google Workspace.
Education:
User Experience Design - Certiﬁcate
General Assembly - Apr 2020, NY, USA
Graphic Design - Bachelor’s Degree
Universidad Jorge Tadeo Lozano - Mar 2019,
Bogotá, Colombia
Software Engineering - Earned 70 credits
towards Bachelor’s Degree
Universidad de los Andes - Dec 2014, Bogotá,
Colombia
Dual citizenship: U.S. - Colombian.
Languages: Native english, native spanish, beginner french.
All references are available upon request.
Experience:
UX/UI Designer Product Designer - Freelance
Aug 2023 - PRESENT, NY, USA
Digital Designer - Bluecore
Aug 2021 - Aug 2023, NY, USA
- Championed the redesign of the company's website, skillfully applying UI and UX design expertise, utilizing methodologies including heuristic analysis, interviews and focus groups. By closely managing the developer agency and guiding the interface and interaction reﬁnement, elevated user engagement by 13% and decreased bounce rate by 5% in the ﬁrst month.
- Executed the design of the Black Friday Cyber Monday (BFCM) Hub, through seamless collaboration with cross-functional teams, aligning features and content, leveraging a mastery of UX and UI proﬁciencies, with mobile compatibility and industry-best practices. Orchestrated a transformative journey culminating in an immersive user experience that led to a notable 25% surge in discovery meetings with enterprise prospects. UX/UI Designer - Freelance
Feb 2019 - Aug 2021, NY, USA
- Crafted a facial recognition makeup recommendation prototype for L'Oréal, leveraging skills in intuitive user ﬂows, conducting rigorous testing, and prototyping while collaborating closely with the research team, sparking brand launch anticipation, increasing sales by 200%.
- Engineered a KPMG’s interactive landing site and diagnostic testing tool by leveraging expertise in intuitive and seamless user experiences, adapting to dynamic requirements, eﬀective interaction designs, and meticulously mapping user ﬂows, to empower future CFOs with a sophisticated digital experience contributing to 13% in user retention rates.
- Revamped Relay's delivery platform by skillfully employing user-centered testing, mapping analysis, and prototyping techniques, leading the UX team to signiﬁcantly enhance the experience for restaurants and couriers, resulting in a streamlined and seamless user journey, ultimately improving operational eﬃciency by 3X.
- Led collaborative eﬀorts with developers creating the Buckeye Broadband’s app leveraging skills in UX/UI, information architecture and wireframing through a systematic uniﬁed interaction and style guides decreasing 25% in user support requests.
Junior Designer - Alkosto S.A.
Aug 2018 - Feb 2019, Bogotá, Colombia
- Leveraging design thinking, eﬀective communication, visual design expertise, and adept problem-solving, successfully conceptualized impactful marketing campaigns, executed attention-grabbing POP materials, and crafted compelling promotional ads increasing customer loyalty and signiﬁcant sales conversion rates by 10%.
- Strategically designed a weekly product magazine to spotlight partnership campaigns by employing strong design principles for visual aesthetics, adaptability, and content creation, increasing sales by 2X and formulated eﬀective strategies that ampliﬁed the travel agency’s visibility and engagement with the target audience. Product Designer - Cerveceria Buho Dorado - Freelance Jan 2018 - Aug 2018, Bogotá, Colombia
- Devised a uniﬁed brand identity by methodically incorporating comprehensive market research, and purpose-built a website through wireframing, prototyping, and journey mapping, strategically increasing brand resonance by 25% within the distinct market and fostering a substantial 40% boost in audience interaction. Product Designer - Vinedo Ain Karim - Freelance
Aug 2016 - Aug 2018, Bogotá, Colombia
- Crafted a comprehensive brand framework for an immersive catering experience while enhancing wine labels and packaging through a synthesis of user research, insightful interviews, in-depth market analysis and business intelligence, aligning the brand's vision and elevating brand perception and increased consumer engagement by 40%.
Software Development Intern - Davivienda Bank- Intern Jan 2014 - Jan 2015, Bogotá, Colombia
- Created a database using analytical research that improved the speed and workﬂow of the bank’s digital channels which allowed employees to surface information quicker.
- Led the research on technology vendors for a biometric registration process on the banks branches through a competitive analysis and usability testing of the products making the registration process for new clients 18% faster and more eﬃcient.
Contact this candidate