Keisha Butler
UX Designer
Email: ad068k@r.postjobfree.com
Portfolio:
https://keishab.notion.site/Hi-I-m-Keisha-0bb7c0d5fcd74130a173e4aa8b068204 LinkedIn: Keisha Butler LinkedIn
Skills
Former beauty professional with the ability to empathize with users and create visually appealing designs while utilizing UX design tools such as Figma, Adobe XD, and Sketch and Proficient in Google Workspace and Microsoft Office. Experience
Freelance UX/UI Designer- Palm Beach, FL
September 2023-Present
● Working with various clients while creating user-friendly interfaces and improving the overall user experience that increases usability and sales
● Utilizing designing software such as Figma, Adobe XD and Sketch
● Conducted Competitor audits and interviews, acknowledging user pain points, creating user journey maps and adjusting the design to new reiterations.
Lush Beauty Boutique, Greenacres, FL — Owner
August 2019 - September 2023
● Performed services to clients
● Responsible for client acquisition, social media marketing, ensured overall growth of business
● Oversaw operations, make strategic decisions while managing finances. European Wax Center, Athens, GA- Center Manager
January 2017 - March 2019
● Hiring and Onboarding of new associates, managed office operations to ensure efficiency and productivity. Organized and executed promotional events to drive marketing initiatives to engage target audiences.
● Analyzed key performance indicators and conducted performance discussions with associates to assess their metrics.
● Increased store revenue by 40% within 6 months.
Education
Google UX Design Certificate- Online
August 2023- October 2023
Completed rigorous training designed for entry-level job readiness. Topics included UX
research fundamentals, inclusive design, wireframes and high-fidelity prototypes and tools like Figma and Adobe XD. Completed hands-on projects and developed a portfolio.
American Public University- A.A General Studies
May 2017- May 2020
Contact this candidate