Himanshu Shekhar
UI/UX Designer Product Designer
Address: M5E 1Z9, Toronto Cell: 647-***-****
E-mail: ad0djl@r.postjobfree.com
Portfolio: www.himanshudesign.com

Profile:
User-Centered UI and UX Designer with a strong background in user experience design, product design strategy, information architecture and design systems. Experienced in discovery, planning, execution, and evaluation phases of product development methodology.

Work Experience:
UI/UX Designer at Canadian Tire Corporation, Toronto, ON from May 2021 to May 2023.
Led and delivered user-centric, pixel-perfect, and responsive mobile and web designs, ensuring adherence to accessibility guidelines (WCAG 2.0) and fostering inclusivity through the design process. Continuously measured and optimized the user experience through a combination of quantitative and qualitative research methods. Managed design requirements and prioritization, communicating design rationale to stakeholders, leadership, and engineering partners to ensure alignment and successful execution. Worked closely with the digital team, actively participating in peer reviews to enhance and expand the product design system.

UI/UX Designer at Shaw Communications, Toronto, ON from Jan 2020 to May 2021.
In an agile work environment at Shaw & Shaw Direct, my role involved close collaboration with cross-functional teams, including marketing, UX, and internal web developers, to create designs for both print and digital mediums. Produced visual design deliverables, including high-fidelity mock-ups, user flows, and wireframes. Support user research efforts, including formulating initial research hypothesis, usability test plans and synthesize results.Additionally, I efficiently managed weekly design sustainment requests, ensuring timely and effective delivery.

Marketing Designer at Conestoga Students Inc., Kitchener, ON from Dec 2018 to Nov 2019.
Developed numerous branded and custom marketing materials and sales packages, created, delivered, and optimized video marketing materials, advertising campaigns, and email marketing. I visualized and designed website layouts and banners, social media assets, email newsletters, marketing collaterals, and presentations by understanding customer behaviors and psychology. I managed 360 design and promotion requirements for over 5 promotional campaigns at Conestoga College and designed layouts and interfaces for Conestoga Students Inc's website and mobile app. Delivered design solutions: personas, wireframes, interactive prototype.

Assistant Designer at Cybergraff (design agency) Delhi, India from June 2015 to Dec 2017.
Ideated, designed, and implemented the graphics and branding collaterals for different clients from D2C, B2C and e-commerce sector. Independently managed creation of wide range of creatives for different projects. Participated in creative brainstorming and creative research, acted as ambassador of the brand to maintain consistency and visual graphic standards. Supported workflow management, gathered content, and designed visually compelling marketing materials.

Education:
UI Designing Certification - Brain Station, Toronto
Design Fundamental Certification – National Institute of Design, India
Bachelor of Arts in Multimedia & Design– University of Allahabad, India
Post Graduate Certificate in Marketing Management– Seneca College, Toronto

Skills:
Tool – Adobe Creative Suite, Figma, Invasion, Sketch, Mural, Jira, Confluence, HTML/CSS, JavaScript, Miro.

Design Skills – Interaction Design, User Flows, Low to High Fidelity Wireframing, Rapid Prototyping, Sitemaps, Information Architecture, Branding and Design Systems.

Research - Surveys, User Interviews, Competitor Analysis, Usability Testing, Affinity Diagrams, Persona, User Journey Maps, and Storyboards.

Soft Skills - Delivering Presentations, Collaborating with different teams, Moderating meetings and events, Time management.
Contact this candidate