AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Web Design
Photoshop
UX/UI
InDesign
Illustrator
Dreamweaver
Motion Graphics
Adobe After Effects
Kellie Kilgore
Graphic & Web Designer
PORTFOLIO SITE: KELLIEKILGORE.COM
WORK EXPERIENCE
GRAPHIC DESIGNER - Delargy’s Print Solutions - Charlotte, NC 2013 - 2017
Duties:
Designed print materials including advertisements, brochures, and flyers. Adapted print media to online format including email promotion and digital graphics. Developed artwork with a wide range of media including photography. Created marketing and e-marketing materials.
Ensured consistency in client corporate and promotional brands. Presented design concepts to clients, colleagues, and senior managers. Addressed client queries through online and phone communication. Maintained up to date knowledge of software and industry trends. Used digital press operation and post-production techniques. Maintained detailed records of client communications for quality and cost savings. EDUCATION
Masters of Fine Art in Web Design and New Media
Academy of Art University Online, San Francisco, CA, 2018 Bachelor’s in Art with a concentration in Digital Media/Graphics Winthrop University, Rock Hill, SC, 2010
HTML
CSS
GRAPHIC DESIGNER - Helen Adams Realty - Charlotte, NC February 2011 - October 2011
Responsible for executing design and marketing projects and strategic deliverables focused on lead and revenue generation.
Duties:
Created, formated and edited branded designs and layouts. Designed brochures, newsletters, invitations, and flyers. Handled website modification using custom CMS software. GRAPHIC DESIGNER - JournalBooks - Charlotte, NC
2018 - 2020
Duties:
Prepare and manipulate art files for production methods including: digital & offset printing, screen printing, foil stamping, and aluminum embossing. PRODUCTION ARTIST- PureRed Creative - Mooresville, NC 2021 - Present
Duties:
Makes client and team edits in several different proof cycles. Ensures the production quality control measures are met prior to the delivery of projects. In post-production, will ensure the product is either print or digital-ready Provide customer service regarding art to be used for production by providing: pre-production proofs, art revisions, and production consultation. CONTACT INFO
Kellie Kilgore
Charlotte, NC 28208
T: 803-***-****
E: ad0mj7@r.postjobfree.com
Responsible for creating both digital and print designs for local businesses.
Contact this candidate