Anisha Ghosh, Experience Designer
857-***-****, ad0sep@r.postjobfree.com
L I NKS Portfolio, LinkedIn
PROF I L E A human-centered designer and a problem-solver with 4+ years of experiential design experience in a wide range of industries using UX design methodologies grounded in empathy UI/UX Design - Adjunct Professor, Massart Boston
1. Taught information architecture and speculative design, to look beyond the obvious. 2. Showcased knowledge in industry trends and the latest technologies across mobile, desktop, and web. 3. Trained how to use quantitative data and qualitative feedback to inform data driven design decisions. 4. Helped promote standard methodologies in design, usability, and accessibility within the class. 5. Motivated students to be better storytellers and strategic decision makers in the future direction! Jun 2022 — Sep 2022 Creative Technologist (Internship), Richard Lewis Media Group Boston 1. Executed various new media technologies (immersive and interactive) 2. Produced user-centric designs by understanding business requirements, user journeys, usability findings. 3. Handled end-to-end design from concept to final hand-off to development. 4. Designed around large datasets, analysis tools, complex visual information, and automated workflows. 5. Developed, researched and brainstormed ideas for various installations based on visitor experience. Oct 2020 — Sep 2021 UI/UX Designer, Lollypop Design Studio Bengaluru 1. Collaborated with cross-functional teams to conceptualize and create designs solutions. 2. Developed apps and websites for very broadly defined, loose concepts, and sometimes on narrowly defined, tactical deliverables and articulated their rationale to gather stakeholders' buy-in. 3. Designed and shipped UX strategy, interaction design, content, and research for our web and mobile applications aided by communication, self-management, and organizational skills. 4. Conducted workshops for team growth and knowledge sharing, emerging technologies, delivered a range of concepts across user research, user flows, wireframes, mockups and prototypes. Jan 2019 — Sep 2020 UI Designer, OutreachCircle Bengaluru 1. Developed user flows, rich prototypes and designs that are simple, intuitive, and scalable. 2. Demonstrated skills to animate or make motion prototypes to aid the product design cycle. 3. Managed technical constraints, user goals, and business requirements in design teams. 4. Analyzed and tested user data using Google Analytics and mobile-first design approach. 5. Implemented re-branding, design systems and innovative solutions for product. 6. Worked in a fast-moving, agile startup environment to create beautiful, easy-to-use experiences. SK I L L S UX analytics
HTML & CSS
AR Prototyping
Python
p5.js
EMP LOYMENT H I S TORY
Sep 2022 — May 2023
EDUCATION
Sep 2022 — May 2023
Sep 2021 — May 2023
Jun 2014 — Jun 2018
Boston
Boston
Chennai
Masters' Courses, Massachusetts Institute of Technology Projects in the Media Labs and Age Labs with researchers and formidable industry clients. Collaborated with development, research, design and marketing teams in Healthcare and Finance. MFA, Massachusetts College of Art and Design
Projects on dynamic media installations, voice controlled interfaces, UI/UX design, Human Computer Interactions, product design, interaction patterns and gesture controlled interfaces. B.Tech, Electrical and ELectronics, SRM University Projects on power management, electronic systems, micro controllers and sensors Interface and Prototypes
Adobe Creative Suite Human
Computer Interaction
UED Research & Testing
Human Interface Design
Figma
Unity
Google Analytics
Protopie
Framer
Critical thinking
Usability Testing
Creative problem-solving
Design Systems
Design Thinking
Contact this candidate