SILVIA GROSSMANN
SENIOR UI/UX DESIGNER
ad0tlb@r.postjobfree.com 310-***-****
http://www.linkedin.com/in/sgrossmann
Portfolio: http://sguiux.carbonmade.com

EXPERIENCE
SENIOR UI/UX DESIGNER - July 2021 / Present
ORION INNOVATION - NEW YORK, NY (REMOTE)
Design, development and production of integrated branding, communication and marketing campaigns for media, entertainment and technology services.
Highlights include:
•Created, developed and produced innovative, engaging visual communications materials from concept through execution across multiple channels, ensuring brand message, consistency and compliance.
• Managed internal and external resources to develop high-quality visual branded media including graphic, multimedia, digital interfaces, social media and video products for exhibits, presentations, marketing and sales materials.
• Managed various simultaneous projects, developing project briefs outlining scope, deliverables, schedules and budgets. Worked across teams and platforms to deliver on time and on budget under tight deadlines.
• Interfaced directly with Senior Executives and Clients, leading working sessions and presentations.
Key abilities include:
• Leading design work and delivering business outcomes with minimal guidance
• Managing teams of international developers in an agile environment.
• Collaborating with product, engineering, research and international teams of programmers to develop, prototype and ship products.
• Engaging directly with clients leading design thinking sessions and workshops.
• Pitching and presenting to C-level executives, product managers and clients.
Clients include: Ernst & Young, University of Michigan Medical Center, Verizon, Team Sports Betting

CREATIVE DIRECTOR / SENIOR UI/UX DESIGNER - June 2020 / July 2021
ARTCENTER COLLEGE OF DESIGN - ARTCENTER ONLINE, PASADENA
Design, development and implementation of ArtCenter Online (ACO), a new learning channel for ArtCenter College of Design, comprising:
• Design of digital advertising and marketing campaign to launch and promote ArtCenter Online.
• Design of ACO’s learning interface, showcasing its academic programs, course offerings and optimized for loyalty and student engagement.
• Design, development and implementation of its Style Guide and Component Library.
• Creation of motion graphics for course video components.
• Design, development and implementation for ACO’s marketing site.
Managed junior staff for production and development of design deliverables.
Key abilities include:
Providing design and product thought leadership.
Identifying and developing strategic opportunities to drive business.
Working closely with academic content, operations and marketing teams to optimize efforts.
Coordinating and managing junior design, writing and marketing talent.
Leading design work and delivering business outcomes critical to company-wide goals.

CREATIVE DIRECTOR / SENIOR UI/UX DESIGNER - Jan 2012 / May 2020
WORDS + PICTURES, LOS ANGELES
Concept creation, development, design and art direction of branded content, marketing and cultural communications campaigns. Crafting of storytelling narratives for the creation of exhibits, video, web, social media and online content.
Accomplishments included:
• Developed and designed integrated launch campaigns for network TV and Streaming Platform series.
• Developed a new brand, packaging, publicity and promotional materials for Nestlé Brands.
• Developed and designed marketing materials for the launch of Lenovo’s Yoga tablet, including print, collateral and online advertising.
• Created a digital, print and publicity campaign for the launch of a Duracell charger, in affiliation with Starbucks.
• Contributed to the development of the information architecture, user experience and user interface of a Google’s service.
Contributed to the information architecture, design and interaction of a digital interface for Infiniti Motors, unifying its worldwide branding while enabling its CMS to auto-populate each country’s specificities.Clients included: Google, Lenovo, Starbucks, Duracell, Nestlé, Infiniti and Nissan, among others.
Contributed to the information architecture, design and interactions for Nissan Motors’ corporate website, unifying its information architecture and design worldwide.
Key abilities include:
Development and execution of fully integrated advertising, marketing and cultural campaigns encompassing print, website, digital, video and social media content.
Experience working across marketing departments articulating brand message on all consumer touchpoints.
Management of design contractors for the production and development of assets.
Clients included: Allergan, Nestlé, Bosch, Samsung, Western Asset Management, Lenovo, Nissan, Infiniti, Boeing and Google, among others.

SENIOR ART DIRECTOR - April 2007 / August 2008
J. WALTER THOMPSON - LOS ANGELES
Design and art direction of integrated online and offline advertising campaigns.
• Art Directed photo/video shoots for a worldwide Boeing campaign
• Art Directed photo and video shoots for UCLA Medical Center and Children’s Hospital Los Angeles’ capital campaign.
Clients included: Boeing, Childrens’ Hospital Los Angeles, Kelsey-Seybold, UCLA medical center.

EDUCATION
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA - SAN DIEGO - Jan 2021 / Dec 2021
Human-Computer Interaction Certification
Specialization in Interface Design

UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA - Jan 2008 / Dec 2011
Master of Fine Arts in Cinema & Television Production

FULBRIGHT SCHOLAR, PURDUE UNIVERSITY
Bachelor of Arts in Design, Bachelor of Science in Economics

SKILLS
ART DIRECTION
Adobe CC, Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign

VIDEO EDITING AND MOTION GRAPHICS
Avid Composer, Adobe Premiere, After Effects

AGILE METHODOLOGY
Atlassian Confluence, Jira

USER INTERFACE
Adobe XD, Sketch, InVision, Figma

USER INTERFACE
HTML5, CSS

VISUAL STORYTELLING
Miro

LANGUAGES
PORTUGUESE (5/5), FRENCH (5/5), SPANISH (4/5)

AWARDS
Taschen Logo Design, Lurzer’s Archive, American Corporate Identity, MC Icon,
Corporate Identity, Best of Brand Design
Contact this candidate