ANNA PROGER
Brooklyn, NY • 917-***-**** • ad11ry@r.postjobfree.com • www.annaprodesign.com
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

PROFESSIONAL PROFILE

Versatile and experienced Designer looking for full time or contract position to help an organization solve complex business and user problems in creative ways by focusing on the end user to design products that work, easy to use, and profitable. Creative, passionate, driven and curious professional with technical, analytical, organizational and problem-solving skills. Multi-culturally acute, bilingual and strong self-motivation.

CAREER HISTORY

Konica Minolta New York, NY
Sr. UX/UI designer– Remote, staff 2022-Present
UX/UI design, website redesign and research of company websites. Complete heuristic analysis to determine necessary improvements and give feedback on different projects.
Lead, present and project management of WP responsive website. Populating website with content and QA, style guide creation, analytics. Salesforce emails creation.

Design Consultant New York, NY
Visual and UX Designer 2009-2022
Developed and designed websites, email blast (modules and component systems), logos, branding,
advertising, trades show display, illustrations.
UX design: qualitative search, competitive analyses, sketches, wireframes and information flow, UI design,
created responsive interfaces, used branding style guide.
Interview clients/user to determine their need, vision and expectations.
Ability to innovate, visualize and prototype new concepts, see the big picture, be detail oriented.
Worked as part of a team and on my own, interacted directly with clients, front and backend programmers,
business analysts, writers and marketers, in agile and lean environment.
Social media and traditional marketing, Google Ads, Amazon, EBay, Facebook, analytics and Internet research.
Worked on projects for: Pixacore, Encompass, Molekule, EcoRaider, SBLM Architects, VisualMAX,
InvestXU, Sapient Nitro, Wunderman (Citi Bank Thank you cards), JP Morgan Chase, Eurasia Group, Integrative
Nutrition, Kroll, Magnet Media, Easypurl.com, Singleplatform.com, Dynamo-ny.com

Cyber-NY New York, NY
Staff Visual Designer 06/2013-07/2014
Managed a portfolio of diverse projects, coordinating with team of 7 that designed websites, emails, and conceived branding campaigns for a portfolio of 10 clients.
Compiled client’s needs assessment for project team, based on client interviews.
Provided strong analytics through research of applications for comparative analysis and technology innovations.
Handled a diversity of projects and worked with team in designing websites, emails, logos, and branding.

Scribble Mats New York, NY
Designer / Marketing 01/2012-01/2013
Conducted internet marketing research for places and organizations in order to promote the company.
Designed and produced materials for trade shows and events, packaging. Coordinated implementation of client website and print advertising.
Performed administrative tasks as needed.

Yeshiva University New York, NY
Staff Senior Web Designer 09/2006-02/2009
Interviewed and gathered information from department heads to determine needs, vision and expectation for the future website redesign.
Successfully redesigned Yeshiva University’s website. Responsible for creating mock-ups, information architecture, email blasts, flat screens. Interview client/user to determine their need, vision, and expectations.

EDUCATION

The Interaction Design Foundation (IxDF) – UX boot camp New York, NY
Redesigned website by applying user research, creating site map, user flow, wireframes, UI design.

Lean Start up Machine – Workshop New York, NY
Weekend long product management workshop “Lean Startup Machine”. Investigated product idea, customers, problems, assumptions and created solution.

Human Computer Interaction – 9 weeks course UC San Diego
Explore the idea of creating navigating devise for blind and visually impaired people. Research new inventions, interview blind and visually impaired people about the way they navigate. Interview technology person at the Lighthouse. Created storyboards, wireframes and interface for the device.

Dubna International University – Bachelor of Business Administration Russia

Pratt Institute – A.A., Graphic Design New York, NY

SKILLS

Mac/PC, Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign), Adobe XD, Figma, Sketch, InVision, Balsamiq, Microsoft Word, Salesforce, WordPress, Share Point, JIRA, Slack, Dropbox, Microsoft Teams, Google Hangouts, GoToMeeting, GoToWebinar, Zoom, Skype, FaceTime, WhatsApp.
Understand the capabilities and best practices of web technologies like HTML, CSS, JavaScript, CMS.
Internet Marketing, Research, Google Analytics, Google Ads, Facebook, LinkedIn, YouTube, Amazon.
Contact this candidate