Swetha Pasham
UI/UX Designer

I am a UI/UX designer with a development background. Collaborated closely with product owners, design team, developers, and stakeholders to translate design concepts into functional products. Driven project goals within an Agile environment. Gathered requirements, determined the features, ideate the solutions, created intuitive and user-friendly interfaces and made sure that the designs were compliant as per accessibility standards. Presented interactive prototypes to demonstrate and test design concepts and interactions. Created optimum user experiences, possess a keen eye for detail and clean aesthetics. Solidified the design language into a structured and documented design style guide. Prioritized the user-centered design and iterated the designs based on user feedback. Skilled in design thinking processes such as user research, persona development, user flows, low/mid/hi-fi wireframes, prototypes, and usability testing. Stay updated on industry trends, emerging design tools and best practices to drive innovation.

Work Experience

UI/UX Designer, Freelance, Remote, 2023 - Present
●Collaborate with stakeholders and managers to understand the user requirements.
●Create user flows for redesigning the website. Understand the behavior of the website by navigating through it.
●Create sketches and low-fidelity wireframes for the automobile product. Collaborate with the user strategists, design and engineering teams to discuss the ideas and compatibility with browsers.
●Create hi-fidelity wireframes by incorporating the brand new and existing components by adhering to the company’s guidelines.
●Prioritize user-centered design at every stage of the design.
●Review peer designs and provide feedback for a better user experience, user interface design and usability of the website.
●Receive applause from my client for providing valuable inputs for redesigning the website.

Sr. Designer, Publicis Sapient, Remote, 2021 - 2022

Marriott Bonvoy:
●Redesigned the RLM guest and payment flow which increased the no. of Marriott users by 7% as per the analytics, which resulted in lift up of revenue.
●Worked on RLM flow for Marriott Bonvoy and redesigned the RLM carousel.
●Worked on accessibility ERS filters to simplify the search based on category.
●Defined and annotated the spacings for each component of Marriott stay details.
●Redesigned the Marriott summary of charges to be more precise and to meet present trends.
●Created clickable prototypes for carousel, ERS filters and RLM flows using Invision and presented the clickable flow to the team.
●Worked with frontend and backend developers as required.

Spirit Airlines:
●Redesigned Spirit airlines kiosk app by adhering to the style guides.
●Created the design system library for kiosk including grids, typography, color palette, illustrative icons, symbols, elements, components and cards.
●Collaborated with product owners, stakeholders and managers to discuss the requirements and product design.
●Designed the screens effectively by utilizing maximum real estate of the layout.

Albertsons:
●Defined the style guide, grid system and typography for the internal websites.
●Worked on survey apps for Albertsons in mobile, tablet and web views.
●Created hi-fidelity visuals for customer future state journey maps.

UX/UI Designer, Freelance, APL Technologies LLC, Levrx Technology Inc. Remote 2020 - 2021

●Worked on versatile projects by implementing lean UX strategy and UX research to ideate the sketches.
●Started with research, ideate, persona development, define user flows, create lo-mid-hi-fi wireframes,
●Conducted user testing, received user feedback, re-iterated the designs and finally created pixel perfect designs.
●Created new branding, iconology, UI components as well as followed a user centric process.
●Created a well structured document of style guides and gestures as well.
●Re-designed an insurance agency’s landing page, required components, elements, and finally refined the screens based on the user feedback.
●Received positive feedback from my client.

UI Designer/Developer, Infosys, 2017 - 2020

Citizens Bank, Providence, RI
●Collaborated with product owners, UX, and development teams to come up with beautiful designs that offer a functional and user-friendly flow.
●Defined and implemented innovative solutions for the Adspace product direction and visuals to create a good user experience.
●Created wireframes viewing the user flows from the UX team, conducted usability testing and refined prototypes for Adspace application and accomplished it with ease and efficiency.
●Successfully launched Adspace application for the pre-approved offers which increased no. of customers by 20% - 30%.

Bank of America, Charlotte, NC
●Created optimum user experiences, possesses an eye for clean aesthetics, and implemented UI components to optimize usability.
●Identified potential design problems and provided effective solutions which led to an increase in the efficiency of 10%.
●Designed visual mock-ups and interactive prototypes for responsive views of all devices from mobile through the desktop.
●Solved customer problems that were confined to Advance search filters.

Web User Interface Designer/Developer, DZee Solutions, Centennial, CO 2015 - 2017

●Created an interactive responsive web application for individuals to select the best healthcare plan for their needs.
●Collaborated with Business Analysts and CEO to gather and define requirements.
●Identified potential design problems and provided efficient solutions. Designed wireframes and HTML prototypes.
●Designed and incorporated infographics and a user-friendly dashboard for tracking enrollment metrics, which improved user adoption rate by 30%.
●Applauded by my senior management team for delivering designs and prototypes within strict and demanding deadlines.

My References

●https://uiswetha.com
●https://linkedin.com/in/swetha-pasham

Contact

●ad13a8@r.postjobfree.com
●404-***-****
●Land o’ Lakes, FL

UI/UX Skills

●User research
●User Interviews
●Persona development
●User Flows
●Sketches
●Wireframes (Low-fi, mid-fi & hi-fi)
●Interactive Prototypes
●User testing
●A/B & preference test
●Design systems
●Style guide (Typography, color theory, symbols & icons)
●Pixel-perfect designs
●User-centered
●Branding
●Accessibility
●Design System/UI Patterns
●Responsive Design
●Google Material design/Human Interface Guidelines

Toolbox

●Figma
●Miro
●Sketch
●Zeplin
●Invision
●Adobe Photoshop
●Adobe XD
●Balsamiq
●Axure
●Abstract
●Box Sync
●Keynote

Technologies
●HTML5
●CSS3
●Responsive web design
●Bootstrap
●Media Queries

Education

UI Design Certification
Careerfoundry

UX, UI Design certification
Udemy

Bachelor's degree in Computer science
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University
Contact this candidate