SR. UX/UI DESIGNER
Toyota Motors North America • May 2022- Oct 2023
Responsibilities included designing an innovative application that streamlined workflows and boosted productivity for service personnel and technicians. Conducted user research, created wireframes, and contributed to a comprehensive design system for rapid iteration and validation. Collaborated with cross-functional teams to ensure seamless integration and delivery of the final product. LEAD UX/UI DESIGNER
Build Labs • Jun 2021- Apr 2022
Led UX architecture and UI design for various projects, such as the Shark Clean Robot vac/mop native app at Shark/ Ninja. I optimized the user journey, created wireframes, conducted A/B testing, and implemented quick iterations, resulting in a significant boost in positive user ratings. Additionally, led the design team in developing the Pampered Resident SaaS and native app, designed UX/UI for multiple websites, led the development of an iPadOS networking app with an IoT control panel, and managed design systems across several products to ensure consistency within each. Mentored junior UX/UI designers.
ART DIRECTOR
E Foote Creative • Aug 2019 - Jun 2021
Conceptualized and executed visually compelling solutions for a variety of client projects, prioritizing alignment with the client’s brand identity and communication goals. Provided visual guidance to graphic designers, photographers, and illustrators. Directed the creative process to achieve desired outcomes while maintaining a consistent brand aesthetic.
SENIOR UX/UI DESIGNER / AVP
Wells Fargo Bank • Oct 2012 – Aug 2019
Created award-winning online campaigns, improved user experiences, and enhanced employee contributions using user-centered design principles and standard UX/UI tools. Provided visual direction for various projects and collaborated with different teams. Developed an employee engagement tool integrated into the Community Support Campaign portal, resulting in over $75 million of donations and 241,000 volunteer hours. SENIOR DIGITAL VISUAL DESIGNER
Wells Fargo Bank • Oct 2010 – Aug 2012
Led the visual development (UI) for the CollegeSTEPS student portal projects and was responsible for overseeing video production and motion graphics for MLS Soccer sponsorship marketing. Mentored junior designers and applied user-centered design principles to create mockups, prototypes, wireframes, and sitemaps. Worked collaboratively with other teams to execute omnichannel campaigns, including B2B websites, email campaigns, digital advertising, and motion graphics.
SENIOR ART DIRECTOR
Wells Fargo Bank • May 2000 – Oct 2010
Designed and produced marketing communication materials in print format for both B2B and B2C clients. Created visually appealing layouts and designs for brochures, flyers, catalogs, and other marketing collateral. Collaborated with copywriters to ensure that the graphics and text complemented each other, effectively conveying the intended message. Managed and directed a team of graphic designers and production artists to ensure that projects were delivered on time.
SKILLS
Information Architecture • Interaction (UX) Design • Visual Design • Wireframing • Prototyping • User Research • Usability Testing • Persona Development • User Flows • Design Systems • Responsive Design • Agile Methodology
• Human Centered Design Methodology
TOOLS
Figma, Miro, InVision, Zeplin, Adobe CC (XD, PS, AI, ID, AE), Jira, UserTesting EDUCATION / CERTIFICATION
School of Communication Arts, AA, Graphic Design New Media Development Google, UX Design Certification
University of Michigan, User Experience Research and Design Specialization Certification ERIK FOOTE 612-***-**** • ad13jg@r.postjobfree.com efootecreative.com • Linkedin.com/in/efoote
Contact this candidate