TATIANA AVAEVA
Product Designer
213-***-**** Trabuco Canyon, CA
ad1bpt@r.postjobfree.com
linkedin.com/in/tatiana-avaeva-b2a5986
Portfolio: tatianadigital.com

SUMMARY
10+ years of experience in the design field (UX/UI + marketing)
Designing complex, multi-functional GUIs that run across multiple platforms (enterprise apps, B2B SAAS, a B2C)
Lead design process from the research to hi-fidelity pixel-perfect mock-ups
Strong knowledge of UX processes, tools, storytelling, and best practices
Translating high-level requirements into interactive flows and clean, modern-looking, human-centered interfaces
Collaborating with other UX designers and cross-functional teams simultaneously
Excellent visual design skills
Hands-on development experience

EXPERIENCE
WQ Predictive, Product Designer
Oct. 2021 – Oct.2023
Designing complex data AI-driven predictive web applications with data-rich back end for financial and retail domains Conducting user research, mastering flows /wireframes, and delivering UXUI flows and patterns.
Working in an agile environment. Collaborating with teams of Project Managers, Marketing, Engineering, and QA.

InfoMagnus, Sr. UXUI Designer
Jul. 2019 – Sept. 2021
Designing innovative solutions for complex big data enterprise applications for web and mobile clients. Building and maintaining brand and style guides. Interacting with development and BA team on a regular basis. Performing user research, competitive analysis, and low and high-fidelity wire-framing, designing UI using the best practices and patterns including Angular framework and Ionic. Performing QA analysis.

Western Digital, Designer, Irvine, CA
Aug. 2016 – Mar. 2019
Performing UXUI for product websites and mobile apps
Designed a few marketing campaigns, concept through production, that were implemented with great results.
Established and successfully implemented responsive, mobile-optimized email blast templates specifically for WD, SanDisk, and G-Tech brands.
Created a line of animated graphics for social media presentations as well as billboards/POP for trade shows and
retail stores.
Created promotional advertisements for multiple resellers

Consulting Services, Orange County, CA
Nov. 2014 – Aug. 2016
Providing consulting UXUI / Marketing services for small and medium businesses. Working with the following domains: Sports industry, Healthcare, Entertainment, and Real Estate.

Aryosys, UXUI Designer, Costa Mesa, CA
Dec. 2012 – Nov. 2014
Designed GUI for web and mobile applications. Developed branding guidelines.

800dollar.com, UI Designer, Newport Beach, CA
Apr. 2012 – May. 2013
Created social media graphic presentations for platforms like Facebook, YouTube, LinkedIn, and Google. Developed branding guides, and logo/identity.

Consulting
Feb. 2009 – Apr. 2012
Providing consulting consulting/marketing services for small and medium businesses. Working with the following domains: Beauty Industry, Healthcare, Vinery, Hospitality and Real Estate.

Card Express Inc., Graphic Designer, Irvine, CA
Mar. 2003 – Feb. 2009
Established a new line of seasonal and corporate MasterCard and Visa prepaid debit gift cards for various
financial institutions. Designed and implemented UX/UI for client’s portals, Set up print and web marketing campaigns. Prepared all assets for tradeshows.

EDUCATION
CENTER OF IT TECHNOLOGY BELHARD
Minsk, Belarus
Testing Web and Mobile apps Certification Program
PLATT COLLEGE
Newport Beach, CA
Graphic Design Diploma

COMPU COLLEGE
Studio City, CA
Web Development Certification Program

LA TRADE TECH COLLEGE
Los Angeles, CA
Two-Year Certificate in Fashion Design

UNIVERSITY OF APPAREL INDUSTRY
Moscow, Russia
Bachelor of Arts in Fashion Design

Languages: English/Russian

SKILLS
Prototyping / Design Tools
Adobe CC
Adobe XD, Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign
Figma
Sketch
Axure

User Research

Project Management Tools
Jira
Project Insights
Azure Dev Ops
Contact this candidate