SADAT LABAKAH
ad1wv8@r.postjobfree.com 773-***-**** Chicago, IL 60619
WWW: www.linkedin.com/in/sadatlabakah WWW: https://www.sadatlabakah.com Summary Self-motivated, team player and progress-driven UI/UX Designer. Performance-oriented interface designer with excellent understanding of technology, accessibility requirements and performance capabilities. Dedicated to optimizing human-computer interactions for diverse applications. Expert in design development and optimization. I am a part time online Computer Science student seeking a full time UI/UX Design position.
Skills UI/UX Design
Wireframing and Prototype Design
Design, Layout, and Typography
User Research
User Flows
Mockups
Creative Design
Usability Testing and Accessibility
Agile Methodology
Information Architecture
Interaction Design
Creative Ideation
Team Collaboration
Mobile Application Development
Website Architecture
Python
Cloud Computing
Experience Sales Associate 01/2022 - Current
JBees Chicago, IL
Worked as a team player to drive sales margin.
Trained new team members in cash register operation, stock procedures and customer services.
Identifying innovative approaches and improved solutions to business. Engaged one on one with customers to help them choose the perfect merchandise. Helped customers find specific products, answered questions and offered product advice. UI/UX Designer 09/2023 - 10/2023
Springboard IDP Pebbles Community
Collaborated with a team to design a mobile and a desktop website for Japanese living in Japan and abroad to access English-Japanese tutors on the website. Design a user friendly membership subscription option for new and returning users for full access.
Generated UX concepts such as tasks analysis, storyboards and use cases to accelerate user flow.
Created high-level fidelity designs and responsive prototypes. Reviewed solutions to verify alignment with customer objectives, organization guidelines and benchmarks and industry best practices.
Education and
Training
Computer Science, Computer Engineering: Bachelor of Science Expected in 05/2025 University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC)
UI/UX Design Career Track 10/2023
Springboard
Computer Science: Associates in Science 05/2019
Malcolm X College (CCC)
Tools Adobe
Figma
Sketch
Projects Springboard
08/2022 - 10/2023
The Mask, Restaurant Mobile App
iUs, Music Mobile App
PostUp, Location Finder App
Pebbles Communnity, Japanese-English Learning Website S
L
Contact this candidate