Sabina
Seidakhmetova
VISUAL & UX DESIGNER
https://www.ux-sabina.com
ad1x3q@r.postjobfree.com
415-***-****
linkedin.com/in/ux-sabina/
EDUCATION
The University of British Columbia
Interaction Design for XR (AR & VR)
Sep 2022 – Dec 2023, Vancouver, BC
BrainStation
User Experience Design Diploma
Sep 2020 – Dec 2020, Vancouver, BC
The University of British Columbia
Bachelor in Cognitive Systems
Sep 2015 – Aug 2020, Vancouver, BC
Lighthouse Labs Front-End
Fundamentals with JavaScript
Jun 2018, Vancouver, BC
DESIGN SKILLS
Agile Development, User
Research, Visual Design, Branding,
Product Thinking, Typography,
Iconography, Journey Mapping,
Information Architecture,
Interactive Prototyping,
Wireframing, Usability Tests, and
Data Visualization.
TOOLS
Design Tools: InVision, POP
Marvel, Figma, Sketch, Principle,
Balsamiq & Adobe Creative Cloud
(Photoshop, Premiere Pro, XD, &
Illustrator).
AR & VR Desing Tools: Blender,
Unity, MRTK, ShapesXR, Adobe
Aero, and Spark AR.
Programming Languages &
Developer Tools: JavaScript, Java,
C#, HTML/CSS, Git/GitHub,
Zeplin, and Jira.
EXPERIENCE
Product Designer Stamped Oct 2022 - July 2023, Vancouver, BC In less than 4 months, redesigned Stamped eCommerce Loyalty Program, identified in the past as the platform's most frustrating and problematic product. Collaborated closely with the development team to establish a comprehensive design system, resulting in smoother implementations and an enhanced user experience. Mentored a UX designer, providing guidance and support to foster their professional growth. UX Designer Arista Networks Apr 2021 – Sep 2022, Vancouver, BC Created prototypes and workflows for 5 projects: Network Topology Visualization, Cloud Computing Dashboards, Internal Developer Tools, Access Controls/Permissions & SD-WAN Application. Designed with a strong emphasis on information architecture: organizing and structuring content, intuitive workflows, and ease of discovery. Completed the most design tasks and projects out of eight designers in Q3 and Q4 of 2021. UX Designer Wizoculi Digital Services Nov 2020 – Jul 2021, Vancouver, BC Led the design of the Wizoculi online auction experience with a team of developers and product managers. Created usability-tested wireframes and prototypes under various technical and business constraints. Managed the project's progress. UX Designer Humans-tech Sep 2020 – Apr 2021, Vancouver, BC A self-initiated educational platform project for the EHL Education Group. Conducted extensive user research, including information architecture, interaction and visual design, and prototyping, to ensure that the platform met the needs of undergraduate students. Used both qualitative and quantitative data to solve problems and identify areas for improvement. Research Assistant & Visual Designer UBC May 2020 - Aug 2020, Vancouver, BC Led educational research project under Prof. Sidney Fels, which aimed to create a new learning experience in education with the future of videos. Created two video prototypes that delivered a potential “structure” of the future of videos with functionalities such as mutability (ability to create and edit videos), bidirectionality (conversation videos), interoperability (ability to copy and paste) and AI capabilities (automatic speech recognition, natural language processing, and search engines).
UX Developer Quantasphere Solutions Jan 2018 - Apr 2019, Burnaby, BC Conducted over 100 user interviews to identify pain points and develop the initial product that met client needs. Designed mockups that exceeded client expectations and presented them for feedback. Developed Web and Android applications using native libraries in JavaScript and Java. Demonstrated strong time management and multitasking skills while balancing full-time studies and part-time work under high pressure. PROJECTS
Loyalty Program Redesign Product Designer
Enhanced Stamped Loyalty Program via UX redesign, focusing on accessibility and usability after competitive analysis, audits, and user input, fostering higher engagement and loyalty. Cloud Computing Custom Hierarchy Project Lead UX/UI Designer Designed a customizable application for the Arista Cloud Computing interface, empowering users with a maximum personalization experience.
Contact this candidate