Vani
Ui Ux Designer

●Proficient in Figma, Design system, Wireframe, AdobeXD,Sketch and Invision and other trending prototyping tools like Kaledo, Principle
●Ability to Drive Product Design Figma, Adobe XD,Axure.
●User Research,Information Architecture, User Interface Design, Interaction Design, User Centric design,Design System, Responsive Web Design,Figma, Adobe XD Process.
●Experience in Retail, Fragrance, Beauty, Fashion, luxury brand.
●Experience in design FResuigma, Adobe XD, R & D landscape analysis and usability testing.
●Product Software Development Lifecycle & Technical & End User Documentation
●Multi device designing skills desktop, POS, tablets, watch and mobiles.
●
Experience

Education
Skills &
Certifications

Delta Airlines Inc / UI/UX Lead Designer
Nov 2022 - PRESENT, Atlanta GA
●Coordinated and Collaborated with the Cross functional teams, Marketing, Sales, Branding, Business and Technical Product Managers and Systems Software Engineering teams to understand, define/refine, design/redesign the End User Experience designs, wireframes for the Delta website.
●Requirements Transformation to Design Wireframes, Mockup screens, User Flow, Prototypes, Personals and demonstrate to the team for the review feedback and integration with the Front end teams.
●Modified and maintained the UI and Ux design screens and ensured the robust design with the upstream and downstream application teams continues to delight the Product and Customer.
●Worked in the 2 sprints to create, design and deliver/share the screens to the front end teams for further integration with the down streams applications.
AT&T / UI/UX Lead Designer
JUNE 2021 - SEP 2022, Atlanta GA
●Developed Figma UI design Figma, Adobe XD and visual design Figma, Adobe XD, in collaboration with the diverse team's support and product feedback.
●Performed the full life cycle process of UI/UX design Figma, Adobe XD, Adobe XDfrom understanding the user experience, developing the concepts and interactive prototypes of user interface design, produced wireframes, design Figma, Adobe XD, Adobe XDflow diagrams, detailed tech specs and other design Figma, Adobe XD, Adobe XDand end user docs and manuals.
●Lead the end-to-end Salesforce application omni-channel from a user experience standpoint.
●Conducted the UI/UX analysis, user & customer interviews, analysis research and provided design Figma, Adobe XD, Adobe XDsolutions and content.
●Partnered with the UX team members and key stakeholders to embed and deliver designs and embedded UI design Figma, Adobe XD, Adobe XDpart of Salesforce Lightning Roadmap.
●Created Figma UI design Figma, Adobe XD, Adobe XDand visual design Figma, Adobe XD, Adobe XDin collaboration with the diverse teams support and feedback.
●Develop and maintain confluence wiki pages for the designs, iterations, SDLC tech and end user docs and manuals and review feedback.
●Built and communicated the concepts through the PPT, wireframes, prototypes, demos and simulations.
●Participated in the Product design Figma, Adobe XD, Adobe XDreviews and feedback calls.

Chanel / Lead Designer UI UX
APR 2020 - MAR2021, Piscataway NJ
●Presented Innovative Ux and trending digital design Figma, Adobe XD as part of process improvement initiatives.
●Presented Innovative Ux and trending digital design Figma, Adobe XD as part of process improvement initiatives.
●Identify the Ui Ux roadblocks and develop wireframes, propose user flows and prototypes.
●Tailored the Ux experiences and the Ui personalization improvement on the .com sites, search and emails.
●Develop and perform Ux A/B hypothetical testing.
●Helped improve the client engagement and conversion using the analytical data on the .com page.
●Managed the life-cycle changes for the e-Comm components from customer login to check out pages.
●Created the Mockup screens, prototypes, modification needed for the version changes and SDLC tech and end user docs and manuals.
●Created Ux Jira tickets for the changes needed, tested the features and captured the increments from the Product team.
●Provided feedback on the Ux changes, impact analysis and test results.
●Assist in the changes and modification to the .com site maintenance and support.
Carter’s / Product Designer
OCT 2019 - MAR 2020, Atlanta GA
●Designer for the eComm site ensuring the Ui Ux/Cx designs are fully deployed.
●Supported the designs for landing pages, product storytelling, campaign creative, and design Figma, Adobe XD, Adobe XDguidelines
●Served as the key primary designer for the eComm Salesforce site ensuring the Ui Ux/Cx designs are fully deployed.
●Supported the designs for landing pages, product storytelling, campaign creative, and design Figma, Adobe XD, Adobe XDguidelines.
●design Figma, Adobe XD, Adobe XDtemplates to increase and improve eComm Cx with the content and creative ideas.
●design Figma, Adobe XD, Adobe XDand deploy Salesforce email campaigns, digital display ads, web shops, storefronts, tech write ups and marketing campaign
●Collaborate with the SDLC teams from Concept to PROD deployments.
Macy’s/ User Ex Research Lead
JAN 2019 - SEP 2019, Johns Creek GA
●Generated ideas, concepts, new features, designed the story boards, workflows, interactions, wireframes, mockups as per the design Figma, Adobe XD, Adobe XDstandards for Salesforce Applications
●Partnered with the UX leaders to design Figma, Adobe XD, Adobe XDthe product inline with the Ux design Figma, Adobe XD, Adobe XDVision.
●Contributed design Figma, Adobe XD, Adobe XDacross the web apps like Salesforce, mobile apps and in-store.
●Worked on the design Figma, Adobe XD, Adobe XD problems to find solutions from start to finish.
●Generated ideas, concepts, new features, designed the story boards, workflows, interactions, wireframes, mockups as per the design Figma, Adobe XD, Adobe XDstandards and SDLC tech and end user docs and manuals
●Provided demo and presentation on user experience design Figma, Adobe XD, Adobe XDportfolio on solutions.
Fabletics / Figma Ux Designer
MAR 2017 - NOV 2018, CA
●Delivered high fidelity conceptual mockup screens, PROD ready visual and prototypes.
●Supported the Ui Ux ecomm/Salesforce sites, mobile apps and retail tech.
●Lead the custom facing touchpoints POC Ui Ux/Cx designs.
●Partner with the Product, Engineering, Creative, Marketing and Media team to design Figma, Adobe XD, Adobe XDthe Cx screens.
●Delivered high-fidelity conceptual mockup screens, PROD ready visual comps and prototypes
●Guided the Cx design Figma, Adobe XD, Adobe XDaesthetics, personalization, value and user satisfaction and help improve Cx,
JCPenny / Designer Media Solutions
MAR 2016 - JAN 2017, Columbus OH
●Figma Designs, illustrations, Prints, Patterns exclusive.
●Gather and evaluate user requirements in collaboration with product managers and engineers
●Integrates hand and computer skills to create and prepare original Figma designs, illustrations, prints and/or patterns exclusive to the Company for Salesforce platform brands.
●Researches new trends and Figma patterns and recommends Figma design Figma, Adobe XD, Adobe XDdirection to Product Designers each season.
●Researches, develops, and recommends color combinations and accent colors to Designers each season and reviews pattern, color, repeat and line quality execution for assigned area using strike-off approval process or 3D application.
●Prepares presentations for review of seasonal product Figma design Figma, Adobe XD, Adobe XD concepts and pattern work, including illustrations or sketches of graphic design.
●Develops and recommends pattern flow by merchandise delivery for assigned areas and SDLC tech and end user docs and manuals.
●Provides technical expertise on ability to execute various types of Figma design Figma, Adobe XD, Adobe XDon various fabrications and materials. Uses newly developing art techniques and design Figma, Adobe XD, Adobe XDtechnology to enhance skills and abilities in creating original, saleable, Figma designs.

VinSpire Tech / UI Designer
Dec 2012 - JAN 2016, Hyderabad
Understand the Requirements and transform those to technical design Figma, Sketch, Adobe XD, Adobe XDand requirements.
design Figma, Adobe XD, Adobe XDand develop wireframes, front end Figma designs, integrate the js.scripts to the screens.
Validate the dynamic screens and demo to the Business and get feedback and approval.
Develop the Technical design Figma, Sketch, Adobe XD, Adobe XDand end user docs and manuals and the end user manuals.
Airtel / Customer Relations Executive
Dec 2010 - SEP 2012, Hyderabad
User Feedback Capturing, Analysis and developing reports for review with Senior Leaders.
Customer Relationship and Complaints Management,
Responding queries through phone, email and front office.
AllSec Technologies Ltd / Customer Support Officer
NOV 2009 - DEC 2010 HYDERABAD
Assist customers in logging the incidents/tickets through phone and remote troubleshooting for the telecom poles.
Helping the in-warranty customers with full lifecycle support and services management.
Software support services and maintenance within the SLAs and support desk L1, L2 and L2 support as well.
Complaints management and track the incidents to closure.
Develop and report metrics like TAT, Quality, problems and Customer satisfaction CSAT

JNT University / Bachelors in Technology Electronics and Communication Engineering
JUNE 2004 - MAY 2008, Hyderabad India

Tools and Certifications
UI Ux Cx Designer Figma Invision Sketch MS Visio Adobe XD,Marvel, SDLC,Waterfall, Agile, Prototypes, User Zoom,Surveys, MS Office, white board, Mural, MS-Visio, Teams, Miro, jamboard. Behance, dribble,flutter, envato, wizard,Jira
Figma Certification, Invision Certification & Google UX Figma, Adobe XD & Professional Certificate
Contact this candidate