EXPERIENCE
Portofolio
https://rabitholes.com
Phone
817-***-****
Email
ad23r6@r.postjobfree.com
INTRO
I tackle every design challenge by first
delving into the intricacies of the human
psyche and clarifying the objectives of the
product. This approach helps me
understand where certain solutions may
have failed, or in some cases, helps me
identify where the underlying problems
were misdiagnosed.
Core Strengths:
- Proficient in collaborative work in multi-
disciplinary environments.
- Capable of taking designs from concept to
production.
- A strong passion for creating exceptional
product experiences.
- Strong technical knowledge of application
development for various platforms.
- Inquisitive mindset to learn as a designer,
strategist, and researcher.
- Ability to synthesize research and
usability studies into concrete product
improvements.
SKILLS
Figma
Photoshop
Illustrator
Xd
Sketch
Invision
Azure
Proto.io
AT&T
senior Product Designer Jun 2020 - Feb 2021
I worked at AT&T as part of the Design Technology Team. Our main objective was to equip different product groups with the necessary tools and knowledge to implement design thinking strategies into their processes. While working there, I was assigned to work on a project called Atlas. It was a platform designed for AT&T's installation and repair technicians. My role was to lead the design process and mentor five junior to mid-level designers on various aspects of the project, including stakeholder relations.
• By challenging stakeholders' perceptions of user value, I redesigned a workflow to help technicians start their day more effectively. a workflow for how Techs could start their day more effectively.
Chegg. Inc
User Experience Designer MENTOR Jul 2022 - Present As a mentor, my primary responsibility is to offer guidance and support to students enrolled in our UX Design course. My primary focus is to ensure that they are able to effectively apply the knowledge they acquire in real-world scenarios, thereby enhancing their skills and expertise in the field of UX Design. To achieve this goal, I work closely with students, providing them with the necessary resources and tools to help them develop their abilities and succeed in their chosen field.
Wind River
senior User Experience Designer Feb 2021 - Dec 2023 I was brought in to assist the current design team with their design strategy tactics and to introduce user feedback tools within the organization. I aimed to enhance the overall UX of the UX team.
• During my tenure, I designed and launched a user feedback loop and KPI tracking process that was specifically tailored for the UX team, enabling them to have more influence with stakeholders.
• Additionally, I developed a modular card-based widget system that was both valuable and flexible enough to be used across Studio, Wind River's complex RTOS platform.
• I worked on early concept projects where I focused on user behavior and formed hypotheses about integrating users' core values into our product strategy.
Designed and launched a user feedback loop and KPI tracking process that was specifically tailored for the UX team,enabling them to have more influence with stakeholders. – WIND RIVER
Successfully redesigned an enterprise platform with over 100,000 active users that directly contributed to the awarding a 1.1 billion-dollar contract. - SABRE
As a User Experience Designer Mentor, I work closely with students to help them apply UX design knowledge effectively in real-world scenarios, enhancing their skills and expertise. - CHEGG
Jeff Mullins
Jeff Mullins
Oyokey
Senior Designer Oct 2014 - July 2015
My responsibilities included designing products, websites, and visuals for the company's various brand outlets. I also created multiple applications for the organization's core data technology.
• I facilitated conversations among the leadership regarding strategic product decisions.
• I have developed a design language that is capable of functioning across various platforms.
EXPERIENCE
Portofolio
http://rabitholes.com PW:jeffmullins
Phone
817-***-****
Email
ad23r6@r.postjobfree.com
Freelance Web Design
WEB Designer Dec 2013 - Oct 2014
N-Productions
Co-Founder/Lead Designer Aug 2011 - Oct 2013
At this Startup, I helped design and build a social media web app from the wireframe to a functional market product. I created pitches for investors, including VC's, Angel investors, and accelerators, and got the attention of groups like the University of Texas Venture Labs. Innovate Auto Finance
Senior UI Designer/Developer July 2015 - Oct 2015
I improved the company's core insurance software by enhancing the workflow design of data entry screens using UX best practices. I directly reported to the CTO.
• I built a design pattern that assists users in digesting large amounts of information.
• Udacity: Product Design (Google)
• Treehouse: UX Basics, HTML,
CSS Foundations
• Framework Basics Udemy: User
Experience Design Fundamentals
CERTIFICATIONS
Sabre
UX Designer Oct 2015 - Mar 2020
As a member of Sabre's Global Distribution System (GDS) platform design team, my primary task was to update the current user interface (UI) to a more intuitive design. I focused on managing heavy data elements and rich media content. During the project, I achieved several key milestones. Firstly, I helped the company secure a significant contract with one of the world's largest travel agencies. Secondly, I collaborated with both internal and external airline carriers and stakeholders to solidify key designs. Finally, I facilitated workshops that helped customers and stakeholders understand problems and solutions from a different perspective.
• Successfully redesigned an enterprise platform with over 100,000 active users that directly contributed to the awarding a 1.1 billion dollar contract.
• Working with world-leading airline carriers and the world's top travel agency to design a rich media interface that both stakeholders agreed on.
Contact this candidate