Tobiloba Ogunnaike
UX/UI Designer
Email: ad2ltc@r.postjobfree.com 240-***-****
Portfolio: tobilobaogunnaike.com Linkedin: linkedin.com/in/tobilobaogunnaike EXPERIENCE
UI/UX Designer - Contract: Shadow - Moment Studio, Miami, April 2023 - Present
● Collaborate closely with a team of 5 designers to ideate and develop a B2C web app for a selective community-based social platform, providing geolocated networking opportunities for highly connected members.
● Conduct a competitive analysis and heuristic evaluations to identify competitors' design strengths and weaknesses, informing targeted enhancements for our clients.
● Create a robust style guide, exploring various color palettes and drawing inspiration from client-provided materials, ensuring cohesive visual aesthetics and user interface designs that align with our team's vision.
● Facilitate the development of extensive low-fidelity and mid-fidelity designs that establish the foundation for the subsequent design phase of the project.
● Iterate on the user interface, applying best practices and user-friendly design principles, ultimately surpassing client goals and expectations.
● Design the “Community page”, which involves the "main chat page and thread" which helps drive users' participation.
● Develop an overall product with an interface and experience that is visible, functional, accessible, and adaptable for all users.
● Translate ideas into wireframes which are then reflected in the user interface designs using mainly Figma and other design platforms.
UI/UX Designer - Contract: Prentus - Moment Studio, Miami, November 2022 - April 2023
● Collaborate seamlessly with a cross-functional agile team to conceptualize, develop, and refine a prototype for a B2C job search platform that revolutionizes the tech industry by integrating gamified tools and a supportive community.
● Implement a user flow diagram that incentivizes users with daily log-in rewards, fostering a habit of regular application usage and engagement.
● Craft a comprehensive usability test script, carefully outlining test cases for each user flow incorporated within the prototype.
● Follow user research testing results to iterate designs based on consistent feedback from the client.
● Conduct rigorous usability testing, leveraging user flows to gather valuable insights and compile comprehensive testing findings reports.
● Validate the test report findings to drive significant design updates to the high-fidelity wireframes, iteratively addressing usability test issues and resolving UI inconsistencies.
● Play a major part in designing the “daily and weekly reward trackers” and the “pop-up modal”, which essentially encourages users to build a habit of using the application regularly.
● Conduct secondary research to better understand the problem and identify 3 core challenges.
● Carry out interviews with 5 participants who fit the ideal demographics. Focus on every participant’s experiences as a soccer fan.
● Gather information based on interviews conducted to generate an Affinity Map and empathy mapping.
● Create a user flow centered around how to find the stadium closest to you, stream or watch a live soccer game select your favorite team, and view their game schedules.
● Develop sketches and low-fidelity wireframes for the Soccalert App, putting into consideration the various UI best practices like spacing, scrolling, icons, etc.
● Put together Brand Platforms, Moodboard, Style guides, and color explorations to bring out the best of the App.
● Create a High-Fidelity design that meets all design standards and achieves every goal that was set from the beginning of the project.
● Present comprehensive developer hand-offs, by facilitating a smooth and efficient project handover.
UI/UX Designer - Freelance - Rainbow Inc, Nigeria, April 2018 - September 2022
● Collaborate with Product Managers, other UX Designers, and developers to create a user-centered project that is research-based.
● Independently work on various e-commerce websites and apps, following the best UI principles.
● Help develop user personas, create user flows, and build prototypes based on human-centric design principles.
● Conduct user research, testing, and analysis to gather more understanding of user needs, behaviors, and expectations.
● Apply HCI principles to create great user-focused interfaces across different digital platforms.
● Apply various UI standards to create tangible visualizations that serve as the blueprint for product designers to turn a concept into a solution.
● Help create wireframes and contribute to the visual designs of various websites and applications.
● Contribute to User interface designs using tools like Figjam, Miro, Invision, Adobe XD, Jira, and Adobe Illustrator, to bring to life different project ideas.
● Strong proficiency in design and prototyping tools (e.g., Figma, Adobe XD, Axure RP, Sketch, etc).
● Collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify and define user needs, business objectives, and design requirements.
● Create low and high-fidelity mock-up screens ahead of development, and then collaborate with developers.
● Participate in various projects with responsive design functionalities.
● Excellent visual design skills with sensitivity to user-system interaction and user accessibility.
● Gather knowledge in creating user profiles, journey maps, and personas to articulate the solution experience.
● Help to occasionally write words for features like menus, buttons, labels, error messages, and other instructions to guide users through when using the product. Customer Service Expert - 9mobile Nigeria, September 2012 - March 2018
● Demonstrate active listening skills to effectively understand and address the caller's needs, delivering prompt and satisfactory resolutions.
● Apply creativity in problem-solving to efficiently handle challenging customer inquiries and complaints, offering innovative solutions and fostering positive customer experiences.
● Utilize electronic cataloging systems proficiently to access product plans and tariff rates, ensuring accurate and up-to-date information for customer inquiries.
● Participate in required and requested in-person, conference calls, or web-conference projects and team meetings as necessary, contributing to collaborative efforts and maintaining effective communication within the team.
● Occasionally step into leadership roles by helping to communicate organizational needs, oversee employees' performance, and provide guidance and support to my colleagues to ensure success in their various roles. (Teamwork)
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Arts Degree in Mass Communication - Babcock University UX Foundations Certification - Avocademy
SKILLS
Design: Mockups, Visual Design, Wireframing, Product Design, User Flows, User experience design, User Stories, User Interface Design, Prototyping, Visual Communication, Iterative design, Design Thinking, Responsive website, Web Design, Mobile App Design Research: Competitive Analysis, Heuristic Evaluation, Qualitative and Quantitative Research, Empathy Mapping, Affinity Mapping, User Survey, Primary Research, Secondary Research, User Testing, and Personas, Usability Testing, User Interviews, Surveys, Persona Development, Journey Mapping, Card Sorting.
UI/UX Design Tools: Figma, Adobe XD, Axure RP, Invision, Miro, Jira, Slack, Canva, Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Fig jam. Adobe Illustrator, Airtable, Canva, Usertesting.com Soft Skills: Creativity, Problem solver, Team player, Ability to think out of the box, Goal getter, Reliable, Leadership quality, Adaptability, Quick learner, User-centric, Inquisitive, Ability to work in a fast-paced environment.
Contact this candidate