Sashanka Reddy Nimmaturi
** ***** ** ********** ** UX/UI Designer
Mail: ad2tse@r.postjobfree.com
Call: +1-302-***-****
Portfolio: https://sashankareddy.myportfolio.com/
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/sashanka-reddy-nimmaturi

Profile
As a UX Designer with 11 years of experience, I have a strong passion for solving problems for users internationally. I accomplish this by iterating constantly and gathering as much data/evidence to support my decisions. Once users and stakeholders meet all needs, my iterations are optimized into intuitive products that seamlessly and efficiently provide value to users at every touchpoint.

I am highly proficient in a range of design tools and software. The following would include Figma, Miro, Adobe Creative Suite, Sketch, and more. I am also well-versed in the latest design trends and best practices, allowing me to create modern and timeless designs.
Extensive experience in managing web and Enterprise applications specializing in UCD UI/UX and IXD-related projects, ability to manage UI developers, and recommend strategies for User Interface solutions based on analyzing the user’s needs and objectives and prioritizing development.
Work Experience
Lead UX/UI Designer
Cigna, EMOS Application, US (Dates 06/22 to Till Date)
Worked on internal applications to enhance the experience. Information Architecture, Wireframes, user flow, Visual design, and prototype.
Collaborate closely with product managers, software developers, and many others to solve complex challenges and craft experiences that highlight our products.
Work with Stakeholders and businesses to cater to their needs and update the design based on their feedback and requirements.
Contributed several Key UI components to the shared design system library.
Created conceptual wireframes, functional workflows, and research summaries for enterprise-level applications using wire-framing tools such as Adobe XD and Figma.
Worked in a fast-paced Agile Environment. Attended daily stand-up meetings and was involved in sprint planning.
Work with Stakeholders, BA, and Product Managers.
QA design before it goes to production.

Senior Product/UI Designer
LiveMindz, Next Generation Pricing System, US (Dates 03/22 to 06/22)
Collaborating with product management and developers to define and implement innovative solutions for the product direction, visuals, and experience.
Executing all visual design stages from concept to final hand-off to developers.
Conceptualizing original ideas that bring simplicity and user friendliness to complex design roadblocks.
Staying up to date with industry trends to keep ahead of competitors.
Producing a host of ideas selecting the best ones and selling them to the other members of the team and clients.
Working with clients, briefing, and advising them about design style, format, print production, and timescales.
Developing concepts, graphics, and layouts for product illustrations and websites.

Senior Product Designer
Brane Enterprises Pvt Ltd, Learning Management System, India (Dates 08/20 to 03/22)
Developed innovative design solutions and world-class product experiences that transform how people work around the world.
Driven user experiences from concept to delivery based on in-depth comprehension of user needs and design principles.
As part of a design, interacted with a cross-functional team, championed design approach, reconciled feedback from various stakeholders, and provided input to others in a collaborative, supportive, working environment.
Collaborating with product management and developers to define and implement innovative solutions for the product direction, visuals, and experience.
Participated in workshops and collaboration sessions.
Gathered information on design and research efforts to learn about key personas, use cases, and other contextual information.
Outline requirements and prioritization for design deliverables.
Created design deliverables, which include prototypes, concepts, wireframes, interaction flows, mood boards, screen comps, and design specs.
Validation of design concepts through internal partners and external customers, as applicable.

UI/ Visual Designer
Tata Consultancy Services, Transamerica, India (Dates 06/15 to 08/20)
Develop and design concepts and execute creative material as required.
Guide & inspire the design and development team via various modes, including defining team direction and goals.
Manage design processes to ensure timely delivery of solutions.
Review & analyze requirements & documentation with stakeholders.
Interviewed customers and users to get the consolidated data for UX research.
Created wireframes using Balsamiq, and Adobe XD.
Created High-res mock-ups for responsive design using Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, and Figma.
Web & Mobile Product Designer
Hibu India Pvt Ltd, UK Websites, India (Dates 01/14 to 06/15)
Worked on projects with over 100+ clients ranging from logos, Infographics, and Website design using tools like Photoshop and Site Maker with a time target of 6.5 hrs. to build a website ranging from 3-10 pages max.
Provided product design solutions that met user and client needs through clear and effective communication, research, and planning.

Multimedia Designer
C & K Management, Chola & Abbott, India (Dates 01/13 to 01/14)
Worked on E-learning training modules developed with expertise for a spectrum of clients ranging from sectors such as banking, insurance, pharma, and manufacturing education.
Creating backgrounds & layout designs for E-Learning. Innovative on Blended learning, Discovery-Based learning, Game-Based Learning, and Production Stimulations and Measuring & Evaluations.
Provided product design solutions that met user and client needs through clear and effective communication, and planning.

Flash Animator
First Object Technologies, E-Learning, India (Dates 04/12 to 12/12)
Strong conceptual, creative thinking, creativity, and visualization skills with the ability to explain design rationale. Fluency in tools such as Photoshop, Illustrator & Flash
Provided wide-ranging facilities with international standards in E-learning specially designed for primary and secondary education.
Created layout, user interface, and animations as per the content received from the business.

Education
Bachelor’s in electrical & electronics, Nishitha Collage of Engineering & Tech (JNTU) 2008
Training and certifications
UX & Design Thinking Quick Start (Udemy)
UX Design & User Experience Design Course - Theory Only (Udemy)
Adobe XD UI UX Design prototype and handoff from scratch (Udemy)
Android Material UI Design Masterclass with Adobe XD (Udemy)
Learn Figma - UI UX Design Essential Training (Udemy)

Skills
UX Research
UI/Interaction Design
Information Architecture
Wireframing
Prototyping
Mock-ups
Low & Hi-fidelity designs
Visual Design
Product Design
Usability Testing
Data Visualization
Illustrations

Tools & Software
Figma
Adobe XD
Sketch
Axure
Balsamiq
Photoshop
Illustrator
Adobe Animate
Miro
InVision
HTML
CSS

Freelance Projects
Mind-body (www.mindbodyonline.com/)
She Jobs (www.she-jobs.com)
Miracles Tek (www.miraclestek.com)
Sharara App (www.shararavideo.com)
Rhode Island 401 Health App
Contact this candidate