Elan Simpkins
UX/UI Designer https://elansimpkins.com/
ad2trm@r.postjobfree.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/elan-simpkins/ WORK HISTORY
UX/UI Designer - Goalmentum, Remote, 08/2022 - Present
● Formulate diligent research skills to ensure the client’s mobile and web applications have impeccable usability that executes the client’s vision and achieves high satisfaction to meet visitor goals.
● Implement exceptional UX/UI Design best practices by keeping the mobile and web apps consistent to meet requirements in the UX/UI field that adhere to brand guidelines for the company to keep steady website traffic.
● Establish superb creativity by creating user flows and site-maps with Figma that meet usability standards so the UI could be easier to navigate, optimizing their workflow by 30%.
● Acquire excellent feedback skills by creating wireframes and prototypes for a design system that has a responsive design to cultivate an intuitive user experience that meets the user’s needs. UX/UI Designer - Weekend Story, Remote, 07/2022 - 08/2022
● Develop an effective Agile approach to translate user needs and business goals into purposeful, engaging and intuitive experiences across iOS and Android platforms to optimize their workflow by 20%.
● Demonstrate exemplary user testing by analyzing and applying findings from test results to ideate and design a user-centric mobile application.
● Learn exquisite communication skills by utilizing task prioritization when regularly informing design updates with the client to distribute the final product promptly, creating consistent website traffic.
● Implement admirable dependability by meeting deadlines and project scope expectations in a fast-paced environment in order to execute their goals around user count. UX/UI Designer - NewLook Inclusive Makeup, Remote 02/2021 - 07/2022
● Devise professional critical thinking by conducting and utilizing user research to inform critical design decisions in order to create a well-rounded mobile application that will increase overall usability.
● Construct reliable attention to detail by conducting user testing for the UX/UI problems to ensure the mobile app will be a polished finished product that will result in increased user traffic.
● Execute exemplary time management by creating wireframes that emphasize key product differentiation features and maintain the project scope in order to achieve the visitor count goal.
● Formulate insightful critical thinking by conducting competitive analysis, interpreting data, and synthesizing qualitative feedback in order to provide a proper analytical foundation for increased users. Administrative Assistant - A\Ventures USA, Hyattsville, Maryland, 02/2022 - 09/2022
● Conduct supervision on the front desk by welcoming the members and guests with empathy upon entry and promptly addressing all questions and concerns, using multi-tasking and project management skills.
● Execute clerical duties that include: answering incoming phone calls, creating records, sending emails, sorting mail, and scheduling appointments, utilizing excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Receptionist - Victoria Falls Resort Club, Laurel, Maryland, 06/2018 - 12/2019
● Implement reception duties which include answering phone calls, assisting residents with printing, copying, and faxing documents, and problem-solving any daily roadblocks, using strong attention to detail.
● Enact opening and closing of the premises, including setting up and breaking down various club rooms. EDUCATION
Sociology and Anthropology Bachelor of Arts, Goucher College, Towson, Maryland SKILLS
Research: Design Research, User Research, Competitive Analysis, User Testing, User Flows, Site Mapping, Design: UX/UI Design, Product Design, Wireframing, Journey Maps, Mockups, Prototyping, Style Guide, Typography, Sketching, Mobile App Design, Web Design, Responsive Design, Interaction Design Tools: Figma, Miro, Basic HTML, Adobe XD, Sketch, Canva, InVision, Slack, Zoom, Google Suite, Microsoft Suite Soft Skills: Teamwork, Attention to Detail, Time Management, Agile Mindset, Collaboration, Critical Thinking
Contact this candidate