ALEXIS GLENN, MBA
UX/UI Designer
www.designsbyalexiskatherine.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexiskglenn/ 917-***-**** ad2wd6@r.postjobfree.com
WORK EXPERIENCE
UX/UI Designer Contract (ADmyBRAND) Remote, October 2023 - Present
● Lead a team of five designers for a website B2B app, ADmyBRAND, that streamlines the ad design, placement, and purchasing process for both digital and physical ads currently operating in India and now expanding globally.
● Oversee the implementation of four User Flows, allowing users to interact with new cutting-edge features such as Google Ads creation and new AI design tool, as well as navigate through the ad purchasing process and engage with ad analytics.
● Facilitate effective communication with the client to gain a comprehensive understanding of the brand's goals and content and design requirements and serve as a vital liaison between all stakeholders, ensuring continuous project progress, addressing challenges proactively, and maintaining clear communication during the entire design process.
● Direct the design team in the creation of high-quality low-, mid-, and high-fidelity wireframes aligned with the specified User Flows and ensure that new designs seamlessly integrate with designs from previous design sprints.
● Design and manage wireframes for Google Ads and Ad Analytics User Flows, subsequently exceeding client expectations through a redesign of Google Forms page designs.
● Adeptly oversee the team, motivating and inspiring them to deliver high-quality outcomes and foster collaboration that meets and surpasses established project goals and expectations. UX/UI Designer Contract (Climbit) Remote, March 2023 - May 2023
● Collaborate with a team of five designers and an agile development team to redesign a B2C mobile and web app, Climbit, targeted for avid climbers and provides hyper-localized weather information.
● Craft three User Flows: Navigating the homepage, searching for specific locations, and comparing distinct locations.
● Personally design the UI homepage iteration the client selected as the foundational design for their new website.
● Strategically develop website and mobile screens for a crucial User Flow, allowing users to seamlessly compare specific locations—a distinctive feature setting them apart from competitors.
● Demonstrate dedication as a team player, going above and beyond to ensure the high-quality completion of deliverables in line with UX best practices.
Marketing Coordinator SRS Real Estate Partners Atlanta, GA, October 2023 - January 2024
● Foster a seamless user experience by addressing the marketing needs of 12 Brokers within the Property Listing and Tenant Rep group in the Atlanta office, helping the brokers lease their properties and secure deals more effectively through effective Marketing strategies.
● Employ user-centric design principles to meticulously develop digital and printed Marketing Packages and Tour Books for property listings, leveraging creativity and research skills to ensure the creation of compelling marketing assets.
● Enhance the user journey through the creation of captivating social media content and videos, employing user-centric strategies, and overseeing the management of social media accounts for the Atlanta office.
● Implement a user-centered approach in crafting impactful PR pieces, deriving narratives from the stories and news of the Atlanta office and brokers to ensure an engaging and user-friendly communication experience. Graphic Designer & Marketing Coordinator Harry Norman, REALTORS®Atlanta, GA, May 2022 - October 2023
● Support three high-producing offices by overseeing three graphic designers and working with the Team Lead to ensure that all creative needs from the offices and realtors are met.
● Work cross-functionally with the Corporate Brand Marketing team, IT, and Design teams supporting company Digital Marketing initiatives.
● Manage the CRM for three offices and hundreds of realtors to help deploy essential email marketing campaigns.
● Design published ads for local print and digital publications and magazines like Atlanta Modern Interiors Magazine, Dunwoody Reporter, Sandy Springs Reporters, Dunwoody Crier, Dunwoody Chambers, and AHA.
● Create engaging industry-appropriate social media content and manage office social media accounts of 4K+ followers.
● Design and produce effective digital and printing Marketing materials to assist in the promotion of marketed properties including brochures, flyers, postcards, and digital designs and offer branding services for logos and customized marketing pieces.
Founder & CEO Blooming Creativity, LLC Atlanta, GA, November 2019 - May 2022
● Launch an independent design company, specializing in freelance Graphic Design and Illustration services encompassing logos, branding packages, specialty invitation design, and the creation of digital products.
● Establish and maintain a blog featuring consistent SEO-optimized written content, achieving some articles that rank on the first page of Google and producing engaging video content that enhances the overall platform.
● Conduct regular email marketing campaigns to a subscriber base of over 700, delivering the latest news, articles, and product updates keeping regular and consistent engagement with audience.
● Sold hundreds of design products with 100% client satisfaction rate and with consistent 5-star ratings for products and services.
Marketing Consultant IDX Group, Inc. Boston, MA & Atlanta, GA, January 2010 - November 2019
● Serve as creative project manager for various clients within the medical, non-profit, recruiting, and educational industries serving on projects such as application icon development and marketing materials, ensuring projects were on time and within budget.
● Plan and execute corporate and client events such as securing venues, arranging guest speakers, coordinating catering, creating Marketing Collateral, sourcing specialty promotional items, and promoting events through social media channels.
Global Marketing Coordinator L’Oréal USA New York, NY, October 2005 - December 2009
● Lead strategic global online development for L’Oréal professional haircare brand, Matrix, catapulting the brand’s online presence in one year by launching 20 country sites, while redesigning the website template and managing the
$130k budget acting as a liaison between all stakeholders. EDUCATION
New York School of Art & Design, Online Certificate in Graphic Design (Partial) Avocademy UX/UI Foundations
Simplilearn, Online Masters in Digital Marketing Thunderbird School of Global Management Masters in Business Administration University of Arizona Bachelor of Arts in French, Minors in General Business & Modern Greek SKILLS
Design: User Interface Design, Mobile App Design, Web Design, Design Thinking, Interaction Design, Design Composition, Typography, Wireframes, Ideation, Prototypes, User Testing, Mockups, Usability Testing, Logo Design, Illustration, Graphic Design
Research: User Experience Design, Design Research, User Research, User Stories, User Flows, Personas, Affinity Mapping, Site Mapping, Information Architecture, Market Research, Qualitative Research, Quantitative Research, Data Collection, Data Analysis
Tools: Figma, Miro, Adobe Creative Suite, Adobe InDesign, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop, Filmora 9, Slack, Zoom, Google Suite
Soft Skills: Servant Leader Leadership Style, Foster Collaboration, Scrum Framework, Agile Mindset, Empathy, Communication, Attention to Detail, Curiosity, Adaptability, Critical Thinking, Problem-Solving, Creativity, High Motivation, Continuous Learning
LANGUAGES
Native English, Fluent Greek, Fluent French, Beginning Spanish
Contact this candidate