RACHNA SINGH
UI/UX Designer
763-***-****
www.linkedin.com/in/rachna-profile
WORK EXPERIENCE
UI/UX DESIGNER II - VISTEX INC./ Sept 2022- Present
• Increased user engagement on the Work Manager overview page by 20% by implementing a user-friendly layout that facilitates faster document, tracking, and report navigation.
• Bridging the complexity of requirements to create user-friendly enterprise software products. Crafting impactful solutions tailored for the B2B nature of Vistex Go-to-Market suite.
• Collaborated with developer, product managers, and other stakeholders to ensure cohesive and integrated design solutions.
• Reduced time spent on managing program settings application by 15% through an intuitive and efficient UI design aligned with SAP Fiori principles.
• Streamlined UI experience for Address book application, employing a user- centric approach driven by grid layout principles. It simplified category and filter section, contact list and refined view and edit interface. UI/UX DESIGNER - RAAD SYSTEMS INC / Jan2020- April 2022
• Created interactive designs for complex web applications by way of page/user flow diagrams, site maps, and interactive wireframes.
• Sole UI designer for start-up Logistics tech client focused on the development of SaaS products for the Road Trucking industry.
• Conducted UX research by interactively testing designs using high and low fidelity prototypes and coordinated with clients to better understand their brand, business goals and visual vision.
• Designing graphic user interface elements, like menus, tabs, and widgets.
• Redesigned the Raad’s website and made the site mobile-friendly by using WordPress.com, which resulted in an increase in new users. FREELANCE WEB/DIGITAL DESIGNER / Jan 2015- Dec 2019
• Collaborated with a wide range of clients - in industries including but not limited to hospitality and tourism, food and beverage, education, and government - to bring their business online in a beautiful way, transforming their vision into a powerful online presence through web design.
• Launched brand identities for 20+ clients, including logo development, color schemes and font selection.
DIGITAL DESIGNER - LIFETOUCH POTRAIT STUDIO / Oct 2016 – Dec 2016
• Sourcing, compositing, and retouching images for print or web based according to Company guidelines. Work closely with team in a fast-paced environment with accuracy and attention to detail.
Problem Solving & Analytical Skills
SUMMARY
Adobe Animate CorelDRAW
ad35tv@r.postjobfree.com
HTML5 CSS Javascript
Adobe Photoshop Illustrator
Wordpress Squarespace
MS Office
z
Adobe XD Axure
Sketch Figma Balsamiq
With 6+ years of UI/UX under my belt, I
master the art of turning raw ideas into
polished user experiences. I excel at taking
concepts from whiteboard to high-fidelity
prototypes and collaborating with clients to
bring their vision to life. My work has boosted
conversion rates, enhanced brand loyalty, and
increased revenue for a diverse range of
clients. Navigating the complexities of ERP,
B2B, B2C, and road trucking SaaS has honed
my ability to thrive in challenging
environments and collaborate seamlessly
across teams.
My ultimate goal is to create digital
experiences that not only meet user needs but
also exceed expectations and leave a lasting
impression.
CERTIFICATION
UI/UX Designer Course
Completed from TIB Academy, Bangalore
Diploma in Graphic Designing
Completed from Arena Multimedia, Bangalore
Flexibility and Passion for Technology
User-centered Design
Creative Thinker
Storyboarding & Wireframing
Interaction Design & Responsive Web Design
PROFESSIONAL
SKILLS
EDUCATION
Master of Art (M.A), Economics
Chaudhary Charan Singh University, Meerut
BACHELOR’S DEGREE
Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com)
Delhi University, Delhi
MASTER’S DEGREE
PROFICIENCY
Microsoft Office
Certified from Microsoft
Specialist
Naperville, Chicago, IL
https://rach4design.wixsite.com/portfolio
Contact this candidate