Ji Li
UX/UI Designer

Atlanta GA *****
ad38u0@r.postjobfree.com
www.jiuxuidesign.com
912-***-****
SKILLS
Figma, Adobe XD, Webflow, CSS, HTML, Spline, UX research, UI Design, Illustrator, Principle
EXPERIENCE
Epsilla, New York City (Remote) - UX/UI Designer Present
As a UX/UI Designer at Epsilla, a leading SaaS provider specialized in vector data storage and search, my role is to create user-centric designs that enhance our clients' experience. I am responsible for developing intuitive and visually appealing interfaces for our complex data systems, ensuring that our solutions are not only functional but also accessible and engaging.

Floyd County Productions, Atlanta- Background Layout 2021 - 10/2023
Background pipeline, and how it interconnects with other departments. Creative problem solver, able to create quick, constructive solutions on the fly. Works with the 3D Director to get the appropriate assets, per episode Responsible for meeting all deadlines through proper planning for background painting.

Floyd County Productions, Atlanta- Background Lead 2020 - 10/2021
Doing all you can to help the Background Director in order to free them up to tackle a wider range of pressing issues. Consistently executing, at a high level, all the skills and responsibilities required of a Background Painter listed above.Help the Background Director apply a critical eye during episode reviews.

Floyd County Productions, Atlanta- Environmental Designer 2012- 2020 As an Environmental Designer for the 'Archer' animation series, I am responsible for creating the digital world from scratch to production level, providing foundational designs for the 3D team and background painters based on the script. My role involves developing intricate, story-rich environments that align with the show's unique style, using a blend of traditional and digital art techniques. I ensure consistency and accuracy in designs across episodes, adapting to different settings and contributing innovative ideas to enhance the series' visual storytelling.

EDUCATION
Georgia Institute of Technology UX/UI Design Bootcamp (05/2019-11/2019)
General Assembly UX/UI Design Bootcamp (03/2017-05/2017)
Savannah College of Art and Design Animation (2005-2009)
AWARDS
Emmy Award Winner Outstanding Animated Program 2016
“Archer” For Episode: “The Figgis Agency”
Contributed to environment design and the backgrounds painting for this episode.
Contact this candidate