EXPERIENCE
Ativecampaign • Product Designer
Feb 2021 - Sep 2023 Remote, US
B2B SaaS, Email Marketing Software, Web Application
- Led the launch of 4 new features from 0-1 within the ActiveCampaign E-commerce and Onboarding team, Improved E-commerce dashboard, trigger, and action, resulting in a 10% increase in Users' Net Promoter Score (NPS) and an 8% growth in subscription renewals.
- Enhanced 6 redesign projects, applying a user-centric approach to address user pain points, resulting in a 10% increase in customer satisfaction and a 13% decrease in customer support tickets.
- Partnered with product managers, developers, and other stakeholders to align design initiatives with business objectives. Actively participated in Agile development processes, resulting in 9 cohesive product roadmaps.
- Conducted user research, usability testing, and analysis of customer feedback, leading to a 15% reduction in onboarding time. Skinit • UX/UI Designer
Apr 2018 - Dec 2020 San Diego, CA
B2C Responsive Website, Ecommerce
- Utilized data insights from Internal data, Heatmap, AB Testing, Competitive Research and User Survey to identify pain points and opportunities, resulting in a 15% increase in user satisfaction and a 41.5% decrease in bounce rates.
- Spearheaded the UX/UI design for a comprehensive Responsive website redesign and launch, optimizing the user journey. Achieved a 5% increase in conversion rates, contributing to a 20% growth in online sales and enhancing the overall digital presence.
- Established a comprehensive visual and accessibility design system encompassing desktop and mobile UI elements.
Ative Group • UX/UI Designer
Sep 2016 - Mar 2018 Los Angeles, CA
B2B Dashboard, B2C Responsive Website
- Shaped Internal dashboard (Supply Chain Management) and Caseology Website. Achieved a 10% decrease in support tickets and a 3% increase in conversion rates through data-driven design enhancements.
Bloomberg • UX/UI Design Intern
Jun 2016 - Aug 2016 New York, NY
Xudan Zhou
A product designer with both B2B and
B2C product experience who shipped
13 impactful products in over 6 years.
Leveraging data-driven insights to
drive innovation and enhance the
overall user experience in
rapidly-evolving software environments.
www.xudanzhou.com
dribbble.com/xudan
912-***-****
ad3d4h@r.postjobfree.com
EDUCATION
Savannah College of Art and Design
Jun 2013 - March 2016
MA • Interactive Design
Beijing University Of Technology
Sep 2009 - May 2013
BE • Industrial Design
SKILLS
Design / Prototype
Figma, Adobe Suite, Sketch, Adobe
XD, Invision, Axure, Balsamiq
Research / Test
User interview, Empathy map, User
journey, Usability Testing,
Data Analyst
Google Analytics, Optimizely,
Looker
Motion Design
Adobe Effect, Motion
Programming
HTML + CSS, Action Script 3
Contact this candidate