Thaís Letícia Ferreira
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Tokyo-Japan 06 February 1992
Whatsapp: +55-11-997**-****
Phone: 070-****-****
Email: ad3fkx@r.postjobfree.com
Behance: https://www.behance.net/thaisforged85b
Art Station :https://www.artstation.com/thladysheep OBJECTIVES
Working with dignity and effort where I will give my best to help my coworkers and make a good environment in the company.
Help and provide my best services when requested and in accordance with the preestablished rules. EDUCATION
01/2012 --- 12/2016 Universidade Belas Artes de São Paulo
. Graphic Designer - Bachelor
. UI/UX - Masters
EXPERIENCE
2011-2014 Dinho Caricaturas – Jundiaí sp/ Brazil
Graphic designer- Illustrator
Main activities: Illustrator and designer of cartoons, wedding invitations, cards work, pets etc. Work tools: Mac, Windows, Cintiq 12WX
Key results: increased production speed of illustrations. 2016- current Reino Ilustrado- Jundiaí SP/ Brazil
Graphic designer- Illustrator
Main activities: Company created by me and 2 co-workers where we work with cartoons to customers, we design live events at weddings and parties. I also meet with customers and always try to find partners for the company. Work tools: Mac, Windows, Cintiq 16
Key results: independence to take care of my own business, and ability to deal with customers. 2010 -2011 Escola de Educação Infantil Castelinho-- Jundiaí SP/ Brazil Art/ English teacher in kindergarten-
Main activities: Taking care of children and teaching English with arts. The activities were to know the colors, sensations as soft (cotton) rough (sandpaper) etc. Artistic activities such as play dough, paint and build toys with recyclable materials. As well as other activities
Key results: learn to deal with children and use my artistic skills to hold the attention and make fun activities.
2015 -current Particular art-designer teacher Online lessons Main activities: help the student in what he/she needs, prepare lessons according to the weak and strong parts to improve the study. The activities can be for undergraduates students or graduated students. that want to work/study in the field of art/design. Key results: How to help older students that need specific lessons, and how to prepare and apply for tests that can make the difference for their academic life. I also improved my designer skills to help them to be the best in their area.
2016 -2017 English teacher in Chinese english school -JOY- Main activities: Teach english for children’s to Kindergarten to teenagers Prepare lessons based on what Chinese teachers asked. Prepare activities like- Christmas, Valentines day, Easter, Mothers day etc. Key results: Experience teaching kids from all age groups, from 2-year-olds to 17-year-olds. From all age groups, from 2-year-olds to 17-year-olds.
2018 -2019 Design and english teacher in pingdingshan university Main activities: graphic design teacher, I prepared all my classes with my materials created for my Chinese students. Classes were taught in English. My university students were 18 to 24 years old. I also taught an English language training scepter with a focus on children aged 8 to 10 and 10 to 12. with a focus on learning phonemes, shapes, colors, and sentences.
Key results: A great satisfaction of teaching classes to so many students and a wide variety of years and provinces. I was able to make them understand my classes with my created materials and that was what motivated me to always be able to do a good job. 2019 -2021 Lead illustrator in Caricanecas
Main activities:Working with the company's pre-established style, and training new illustrators. Participate in meetings and set goals and new approaches for customers. Define and create new art templates as well as layouts.
Key results: Working with a group of almost 60 illustrators, I was able to better understand how each person works at work. I also learned how to divide myself between drawing, teaching and managing.
2021 -2023 Lead 2d illustrator in Maqna
Main activities:I work with a team of 4 designers at the Maqna company that has been making games for over 7 years. Where I organize projects and delegate tasks where each one will work. I also work together with other sectors such as the 3d team and programming. My tasks include all the 2d creation part of a game from the beginning to the end ( sketches, splash art, icons, props model sheet, UI etc)
Key results: When working with a small team, I realize the great importance of having everything well organized so that we can meet deadlines for games. We do some hypercasuals that need to be delivered quickly so we need strategies to be able to deliver quickly and with the best possible result.
I work remotely so every day for several periods we check how the projects are going and I also try to show how I'm doing my part.
2022 -Freelancer Social media - UI/UX
Main activities: Development of textual and visual content for social media and websites. I work with client briefings and created pieces for social media, as well as the company's entire media kit package, and the graphic part of the website.
Key results: Application of my graphic designer skills, as well as things learned such as UI and UX, where through the pieces I produce for clients I receive feedback from the posts and I can understand the level of interaction on the pages and social media posts. LANGUAGES
Portuguese- Native
English –Fluent
Spanish- Fluent
Japanese - Beginner
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Microsoft Excel – Advanced
Adobe photoshop – Advanced
Adobe illustrator - Average
Blender - Beginner
Unity- Beginner
Procreate- Average
Figma- Average
Contact this candidate