Zoha R. Ramy
Product Designer/ UIUX Designer
Santa Monica, CA
310-***-****
ad3fm9@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/
in/ZohaRramy/
https://uxfol.io/zoha-R-90
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Creative designer with Fine Art background, highly skilled in UIUX design for digital products, leveraging user research, ideation, prototyping, and visual design. Seeking to bring passion, empathy, and design skill set to a highly collaborative work environment and increase accessibility to digital products. EDUCATION
California State University Long Beach, CA October 2021-October 2022 UI/UX Design Professional Certificate
Coursework: Design Research, Ideation & Prototyping, High Fidelity Design Team Projects
Art University Tehran, Iran
Bachelor’s Degree, Textile and Fashion Design
UI/UX PROJECT EXPERIENCES
Product Design CSULB UI/UX August 2022
Scope: Find a solution for Tiktok users to learn and record dance trends.
● Part of a team of 3 designers, conducted user research, created wireframes, iterated designs, and conducted user testing to achieve the most viable product.
● Designed a high-fidelity Figma prototype for a new feature within an existing app utilizing user data.
● Prepared documentation for presentation to stakeholders and development handoff.
UI/UX Design, Research, QC CSULB UI/UX Jun 2022- July 2022 Scope: Provide a digital product (Mobile App) to help consumers with sustainable food composting and inspire them to reduce food waste.
● Part of a team of 3 designers, conducted user research, ideation, created wireframes, iterated designs, and conducted user testing to achieve the most viable product.
● Designed the Mid/high-fidelity Figma prototype for the Mobile app.
● Managed usability tests during each part with users.
● Prepared a presentation to inform stakeholders and project handoff. Visual Rebrand Angel Maid Bakery April 2021-May 2021 Scope: Brand redesign for Angel Maid Bakery in Los Angeles, CA.
● Conducted competitive analysis and interviewed customers to evaluate opportunities for improvement.
● Designed a new logo and style guide with Adobe Illustrator and InDesign using data from design research and user interviews to present the new design system to stakeholders.
● Created a library of marketing material design templates for future use by departments.(With this update, the bakery's online ordering improved.) TECHNICAL SKILLS
Product Design
User experience Design
Interaction Design
Visual Design
Graphic Design
Wireframing
Prototyping
UX Research
Information Architecture
Fabric, Print Design
SOFTWARE
Figma
Adobe Photoshop
Adobe Illustrator
InDesign
HTML, CSS
Miro
Zeplin
EXPERTISE
Curiosity
Empathy
Communication
Collaboration
Flexibility
LANGUAGES
English
Farsi (Native)
AWARD
Third-Level in Fajr
International Fashion &
Clothing Festival, January
2012
Contact this candidate