Aaron Jundt
Jamestown, NC P: 501-***-**** E: ad3p4h@r.postjobfree.com www.aaronjundt-portfolio.com www.linkedin.com/in/aaron-jundt

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Dynamic and motivated senior UX/UI professional designer with expert knowledge of SharePoint and Microsoft 365 with a proven record of generating and building meaningful relationships, and evolve digital products throughout the product life cycle, and experienced in all aspects of development and design applications for the web. Effective communicator and motivator who identifies and leverages assets in teammates to reach organizational goals. 15+ years of experience in handling user experience, creating innovative new features, and expert guidance and leadership.

SKILLS

Visual Design
Prototyping
Information Architecture
Scrum / Agile
Research & Analytics
Responsive Frameworks
UX/UI Design & Research
Branding (Identity)
Strategy & Planning
HTML5/CSS/JavaScript
SEO
Sketch & Invision, Adobe XD
SharePoint Expert
Amazon Web Services
Adobe Creative Suite
Microsoft Power Platform
Data Visualization
User Interaction Design

CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES

Amazon Little Rock, AR
AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner Jan 06, 2023

EXPERIENCE

Microsoft SharePoint UX / UI Designer and Developer Remote
First Student Sept. 2022 – APR. 2023

At First Student, I served as a Senior SharePoint Designer and Developer, specializing in designing, developing, and delivering web-based applications using Microsoft SharePoint Online, Power Platform, and SharePoint Framework (SPFx). I led the development of a consolidated employee-facing solution, which includes a SharePoint hub for support requests and a customized business document repository.

Leverage SharePoint and Microsoft Power Platform to design solutions that meet client requirements.
Work closely with team, including Project Sponsor, Business Analysts and other C Level Executives providing coaching and mentoring.
Conduct research and stay current with Microsoft’s 365 updates and enhancements.
SharePoint Application development life cycle planning, architecture, construction, implementation, packaging, and deployment.
Build custom forms and workflows using Power Automate and Power apps.
Use SharePoint Framework SPFx to create website designs with OOTB, UI extension, page layouts, themes, and display templates.
Code pages using HTML5, JavaScript, Typescript, jQuery, CSS, SQL, Bootstrap, or responsive design for all devices.
Create web parts, lists/library, content types, site columns, master pages, search navigation, permissions, and data management.

UX / UI Designer Remote
Knight-Swift Transportation Sept. 2022 – APR. 2023

Provide solutions for IBM AS400 utilizing human-centered design methodology and translating that knowledge into meaningful information and designs that focus on increased user satisfaction and overall experience.

Translate user and business requirements from AS400 Green Screen and design intuitive web and mobile interfaces.
Coordinate and facilitate design meetings and presentations with clients and stakeholders.
Assisted in cross training the team in Jira.
Participate in a highly collaborative, iterative design process, proactively giving and receiving feedback from team members.
Provide detailed user stories to product owners and team members.
Showcase UX proposals and user interaction ideas via flow charts and/or prototypes.
Review interface designs to establish a design system framed within the context of the business needs to ensure adherence to UX guidelines and design best practices sot the team could focus on solving the users needs rather than recreating elements and solution.

Senior UX / UI SharePoint Remote
The Law Offices of Snell & Wilmer OCT. 2020 – Nov. 2021

Support all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) for any web development projects for the firm’s intranet as well as any development projects for the firm’s internal web applications: Requirement gathering, Analysis Design, Development, Testing, User Acceptance Testing (UAT), Production and Post-Production support.

Intranet redesign using SharePoint.
Build workflow and task management applications using SharePoint and other Microsoft Online technologies.
Create and maintain on-Premises and SharePoint online environments, sites, applications.
Assist with data management systems and resource planning.
Introduced UX best practices and demonstrated ability to create intuitive web applications.
Designing and developing complex business applications in SharePoint
Utilize SharePoint Designer, SharePoint Central Administration, SharePoint admin center, Visual Studio, Visio, Power Automate, Power Apps and other tools to develop SharePoint web sites and other web sites.
Leverage jQuery, SharePoint CSOM/JSOM, or JSLink and other well-known libraries to build interactive landing pages.
Senior UX / UI Designer - SharePoint Downers Grove, IL
Ensono – Formerly Acxiom as of 2017 Apr 2016 – Mar 2020

Plan, design, build, inform, test, and maintain digital products by providing direction for a modern usable product by following proven UX principles and methods.

Lead the planning and strategic phases of our SharePoint environment. Proactively pitch new UX ideas, backed by a strong, well-articulated rationale using the SharePoint Platform.

Shepherd partners and stakeholders through the journey of bringing applications to market by leveraging web and mobile app knowledge.

Conduct formal and informal research to clarify design decisions and business needs for SharePoint platform. Communication my finding.

Make sense of complex information, user interaction flows, and system architecture for SharePoint.

Bring concepts to life through fundamental skills like wireframes, user flows, and mockups.

Build, prototype, and evolve SharePoint product throughout the product life cycle at the right level of feasibility through different mediums and guidelines.

Design efficient, intuitive, and compelling for the target personas user interfaces influenced by a point of view on what great design looks like, leveraging tools such as Sketch, Invision, Figma, Framer and the entire Adobe Creative Suite.

Work in a fast-paced design and development environment, collaborating with cross functional teams.

Design data visualization for Ensono M.O. platform that enables businesses to enhance availability and visibility for their entire hybrid IT estate through machine learning and predictive analytics technology.

Ship features and improvements for SharePoint frequently and iteratively in an agile, sprint-based environment with a strong sense of ownership and accountability.

Validate and analyze user research data, conduct competitive analysis and research, define insights to drive decision-making, and convey learnings to the broader team to create a unique value.

Using Microsoft SharePoint platform to create, Cost effective simple to complex applications, integrating with the Office 365 suite, Plan, design, build, inform, test, migrate, and maintain Intranets that enabled associates to thrive by providing intuitive and pragmatic design solutions, Strategizing communications, Directed multiple migrations, all while providing a compelling, flexible, and more performant modern experiences in SharePoint.

Streamlined document management process in SharePoint by following a multiphase folksonomy approach to achieve an efficient method for managing documents and to make it easier for end-users to find what they want.

Application Designer / Developer Downers Grove, IL
Acxiom – Became Ensono in 2017 Apr 2013 – Apr 2016
Introduced modern web design to a multi-tenanted application, to enrich the clients experience for Ensono to view real time data for services company offers.

Maintain user experience for a handful of Ensono web applications
Manage analytics and provide reports custom reports of site/application usage allowing leadership to make decision based on facts

Introducing modern web design to a multi-tenanted application to enrich the clients experience for Ensono clients to view real time data for services Ensono offers

Part of a team that develops automated services from Ensono catalog of products and services

Plan, design, and maintain Ensono SharePoint environments 2010, 2013, and SharePoint online

Making sure to follow current user-centered design process and various UX disciplines. While meeting specific, time sensitive deadlines

Projects:
Gateway - Design a tenant-based portal for our clients to view dashboards in real time of the services.
Service Catalog – Designed the applications UI and UX to automate and in multi-platform. As well as developed JavaScript workflows to control automation of services.
Document Repository - Application like google drive. A secure application that enables clients to view documents based on security clearance. Used to share documents between clients and Ensono.

Web Designer at UAMS Little Rock, AR
University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences Oct 2007 – Apr 2013
Successfully maximized and re-branded Microsoft SharePoint for the business processes, project communication and collaboration, content and document management, training, and intranet needs.

Adherence to user-centered design (UCD) best practices to improving electronic health record (EHR) usability. Sunrise user interface provides clinicians with easy-to-use workflows that with one-click deliver access to recently viewed charts and advanced patient lists, single sign-on, icons and toolbars.

Planned, designed, launched, and managed web sites for UAMS, with strong emphasis on user-centered design, usability standards, and human factors testing.

Assisted communications director designing newsletters, logos, and other marketing collateral to create a professional media presence.

EDUCATION

ITT Technical Institute – Associate of Science in Web & Multimedia Specialties 2008 - Little Rock, AR
Contact this candidate