JUSTIN WILLIAMS / UI/UX DESIGNER
DENVER, CO / 214-***-**** / ad3ym3@r.postjobfree.com / Linkedin / Portfolio SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
● Creative Designer with 11+ years of experience with Fortune 100 companies designing mobile apps, web
and TV products used by over 25MM customers.
● Strong ability to analyze customer feedback, usability testing, and user research.
● Collaborative approach to internal coordination with engineering teams and business stakeholders, working to integrate technical and non-technical audiences in an agile environment.
● Known for intuitive problem-solving, ideation,
mentorship, and out-of-the-box thinking that focuses on customer needs.
EXPERTISE
● Adobe Creative Cloud
● Figma
● Sketch
● Wireframing
● A/B Testing
● Prototypes & Mockups
● Presentations
● Surveys & Usability Studies
● Design Thinking
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Verisk 2021-Present
Senior Product Designer
● Developed a grassroots UX process to support insurance carrier clients with a platform to process house damage reports and restoration management for a company with $2.5B in annual revenue.
● Designed flagship product, a native mobile app, for iOS, iPad, Android, and Android Tablet with ongoing feature release on a bimonthly scale to increase competitive advantage.
● Created 1K+ screens and completed initial development within six months from launch.
● Refined login workflow, which streamlined customer experience and saved an initial $1.3M in reduced support needs.
● Interacted with customers to continuously improve designs based on user feedback.
[Professional gap included authoring and releasing a book entitled “WHEN WE DRIFT” with audio on Amazon]
CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS/SPECTRUM 2015 – 2019
Senior UI Designer
● Escalated the product experience and design for a portfolio of digital and mobile applications across multiple platforms (streaming TV, web, mobile iOS, tablet, and Android).
● Pioneered the first TV mobile app to be fully accessible, universal, and inclusive for people of all abilities to 25MM customers.
● Lead Designer for ‘Distillery,’ the first internal A/B testing platform to gain valuable customer feedback that improves all customer-facing products.
● Enhanced design and user experience for a beta launch concept called ‘Spectrum Shadow’ for the online cloud gaming space.
● Increased efficiency of company-wide intranet, Panorama, used by 100K employees through user research and A/B testing.
● Won new business by launching an agency website featuring a design thinking process and UX methodologies.
● Decreased customer churn with an updated onboarding animation on My Spectrum App that currently holds 4.7 stars and 890K ratings in the app store. EARLY EXPERIENCE
WILLIAMS & WIELD CO-FOUNDER & CREATIVE DIRECTOR 2013-2015 INSIDER MARKETING UI DESIGNER 2012 – 2013
EDUCATION AND TRAINING
Bachelor of Arts in Family Studies, Kansas State University Certified Microsoft Professional, Southern Methodist University UX Design Course, Google - 2001
AWARDS AND PROJECTS
Spectrum Hackathon Winner - 2018: Competition aimed at rebranding customer support experience Stevie Award, Spectrum - 2019: Designed a fully automated and accessible coffee bar for 5K+ employees. Was also awarded a patent for an overlay on a touch screen we designed so blind people can make a cup of coffee with no assistance
YOVO app - 2014: Conceptualized a product that beat out Snapchat for a $30MM product award
Contact this candidate