Katelyn Naye Benibo
UX/UI Designer
katelynnayebeniboux.com www.linkedin.com/in/katelyn-naye-benibo-53483261 862-***-**** ad4hmc@r.postjobfree.com
WORK EXPERIENCE
UX/UI Designer, Contract (Sense)
Remote, November 2023 - Present
● Collaborate to redesign the B2C website for Sense that incorporates best practices and focuses on improving the user experience by comparing a prototype to the client's Shopify website to increase user accessibility.
● Conduct an in-depth research plan with the script to execute an A/B test to compare two designs with a sample of ten users, then analyze the usability report to define problems and make accurate changes.
● Analyze the necessary changes from the usability test report to collaborate with the agile team to elevate the branding to ensure the home page effectively and dynamically conveys the company's products.
● Leverage insight through the analysis of the usability test to drive the redesign of the website to ensure the improvement of the user experience and integrate the Shopify format used by the client.
● Design multiple iterations to elevate the interactive experience, emphasizing the enhancement of the wine page to incorporate a filter that assists the user in sorting by category, region, rating, price, and availability.
● Develop a detailed style guide and meticulously craft a user interface that captures the unique “non-alcoholic beverage” theme to ensure visual appeal that resonates with the target audience. UX/UI Designer, Contract (1-800-4-HEAVEN)
Remote, November 2022 - November 2023
● Partner with an agile team to create a SaaS application using Figma to generate a competitive analysis, user flows, and UI inspiration that lay the foundation for users to store cherished memories for their loved ones.
● Guide the design process with specific attention to the wireframe for an AI-generated obituary and ensure a personalized, empathetic experience for the user, conveying a meaningful tribute.
● Iterate through low, mid, and high-fidelity wireframes to employ a systematic approach that optimizes best practices to enhance the user experience and construct an intuitive product with effective development.
● Develop a style guide to include the visual aesthetics within the user interface elements that highlight the distinct
“heaven” theme by using appropriate icons and designing multiple UI iteration choices for the client.
● Display the outcome of the development handoff, including measurements for the coding, and provide concise usage explanations for the AI-generated obituary so the client can use the product with the proper functionality.
● Engage within the design group to create the application from start to finish, concentrating on cohesiveness by providing uniformity in colors, icons, font style, sizing, alignment, input fields, and other specifications. Waitress, Copperhead Grille
Allentown, PA, December 2021 - June 2023
● Apply customer-centric principles to consistently accommodate customers' preferences and foster close attention to detail by asking clarifying questions to create a satisfying dining experience.
● Communicate clearly to ensure a positive experience by cultivating a strong rapport with customers, managers, and fellow staff members, fostering a welcoming and enjoyable atmosphere within the dining environment.
● Implement efficient organizational practices that include managing the closing duties for the entire waitstaff to secure a clean and well-maintained work area to optimize the overall user experience for both customers and staff. Tutor, Classical Conversations
Coopersburg, PA, August 2016 - May 2022
● Orchestrate a pleasant learning environment with enthusiasm to foster individual relationships in a classroom of 7 students and employ interactive educational strategies to assist the students in information retention.
● Integrate visual and interactive elements into tutoring sessions for math, science, history, timeline, geography, English, and Latin subjects to enhance engagement through games, songs, and hand gestures to help stimulate recall.
● Utilize adaptive teaching methods to cater to diverse learning styles, applying user research techniques to understand students' unique challenges and preferences, ultimately improving the overall educational experience. Driver, Uber
Bethlehem, PA, November 2017 - July 2019
● Execute a client-centered experience while considering the client's preference to maintain stability and employ efficient route navigation to pick up and drop off passengers with a rating of 4.89 stars.
● Create a pleasant atmosphere, forming friendly conversations with the client in the vehicle and focusing on consistent comfort throughout the ride, resulting in 543 successful rides.
● Leverage clear communication, hospitality, and empathy to accommodate passengers' preferences, fostering an enjoyable environment that enhances rider experience during each trip. Direct Support Staff, Hart United
North Haven, CT, August 2010 - June 2012
● Assist clients with daily living skills, including exercise, community interaction, transportation, and meal preparation that ensure a personalized approach to meet individual needs that enable the achievement of lifestyle goals.
● Implement medication administration following DDS guidelines with close attention to detail to prioritize clients' safety and ensure the client receives proper medication promptly.
● Utilize behavioral management techniques to assist the client by monitoring changes and encouraging them with positive reinforcement to customize a supportive environment for the client. Day Service Instructor, CCARC
New Britain, CT, January 2008 - July 2010
● Write clear and actionable goals, baseline the goals, and follow up with clients, creating a nurturing environment and client-friendly framework for tracking the progress of goals to monitor the client’s success.
● Demonstrate empathy and client-focused care in assisting clients with wheelchair lifts and toileting, prioritizing their comfort, safety, and dignity to maintain the desired quality of life for the client.
● Empathize with clients to offer assistance with areas in need and understand the different levels of ability, requiring sensitivity and awareness of client needs while maintaining attentiveness. EDUCATION
Avocademy
UX/UI Foundations
Grand Canyon University, Phoenix, AZ
Master in Divinity
Southern Connecticut State University, New Haven, CT Bachelor in Liberal Studies: Psychology, Sociology, and Library Science SKILLS
Design: Ideation, agile, user flows, sketches, accessibility, wireframes, style guide, mock-up, mood board, color theory, typography, iconography, hierarchy, development handoff, UX writing, collaboration, and information architecture. Research: Prototyping, usability scripts, test plans, A/B usability testing, usability reports, user interviews, competitive analysis, personas, screener surveys, affinity mapping, empathy mapping, HMW statements, site maps, and user stories. Tools: Figma, FigJam, Ottr, lookback.io, Canva, Calendly, Miro, Zoom, Google Suite, Slack. Soft Skills: Adaptability, proactivity, teamwork, creativity, patience, high motivation, leadership, delegation, prioritization, time management, critical thinking, willingness to learn, enthusiasm, humility, empathy, persistence, and professionalism.
Contact this candidate