Amith R K
UX/UI Designer, Austin, TX
Portfolio: www.amithrk.info
E-mail: ad57ev@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 512-***-****

A creative problem-solver with 10+ years of experience in end-to-end product design of B2B and B2C SaaS applications. Strong ability to self-direct, work through ambiguity, and complexity, and manage simultaneous projects. A reliable collaborator with deep knowledge of graphic design, effective communication skills, and attention to detail. I am currently looking for an opportunity to help make a significant impact on digital product experiences. Experience

Stride
Sr. Product Designer
Oct 2023 to Present
Austin, TX
● Initiated UX Design and crafted a sustainable user experience and information architecture, Championed usability, and user needs throughout the development process. Created a comprehensive design system to be applied across the application.
● Created wireframes and developed UI mockups necessary for the application using Figma. Transformed mockups into a deploy-ready iOS app using Flutterflow and custom code. Configured the database required using Firebase and connected it to Flutterflow for user data collection.

MEFS
Sr. Product Designer & Developer
Jul 2021 to Aug 2023
Austin, TX
● Boosted user efficiency and goal completion rates through a redesigned user experience and a restructured information architecture, Effectively balanced business goals and user needs by collaborating with stakeholders and interviewing end-users.
● Discovered opportunities for improvement and user insights by conducting brainstorming sessions with stakeholders and using research methods such as user interviews, journey maps, A/B Testing, etc. as part of the design process.
● Created a functional design system styleguide that Developers can use for quicker implementation of prescribed design, Converted finished mockups into ready-to-deploy HTML, CSS, and JavaScript code.

Zynga Gaming Inc.
Experience Designer
Apr 2019 to March 2021
Bengaluru, India
● Generated revenue surpassing projections by designing and shipping engaging user experiences for games like CSR2 and FarmVille, Effectively managed a design team, and advised on creative decisions of ongoing projects.
● Decreased information overload on users by implementing a design language to be used across interfaces, Accelerated development cycle by creating a standardized component library, Collaborated with stakeholders to refine user flows and interface designs.
● Served as on-call staff to mitigate issues with new feature releases, Decreased the Art team’s workload by conceptualizing and delivering high-quality assets.

Easy Expunctions
Sr. UI/UX Developer
Aug 2017 to Jan 2019
San Antonio, TX
● Led the redesign of the dashboard experience yielding an increase in purchase rates by 2000%, Redesigned and developed a new homepage experience yielding an increase in sign-up rates by 500%.
● Gathered user feedback and behavior insights through Lookback and interviews, Accelerated development cycles by creating and maintaining a comprehensive UX component library complete with HTML and CSS specifications.
● Integrated user feedback, enhancing user goal completion, Transformed mockups into deployable HTML, CSS, and JavaScript code, Conceptualized and delivered aesthetically pleasing marketing assets to help acquire customers.

USAA
UI/UX Designer (Contractor)
Apr 2016 to Apr 2017
San Antonio, TX
● Led the successful overhaul of user experience and visual design language for the line of B2B SaaS products, Collaborated with stakeholders and other team members to successfully ship products.
● Created and maintained a UX component library complete with HTML and CSS specifications to accelerate development cycles.
● Led the successful brand overhaul for the team, enhancing its trustworthiness and recognition, Contributed to customer acquisition by conceptualizing and delivering aesthetically pleasing marketing assets.

Rochester Institute of Technology
Graduate Teaching Assistant
Jan 2015 to Mar 2016
Rochester, NY
● In-class assistant to professors teaching BFA Design coursework. such as Interactive Design, Web Design, and Graphic Design Studio.
● Assisted in the development and evaluation of BFA Design coursework.
● Provided hands-on guidance to students during lab practice hours, Aided in the enhancement of student proficiency in Adobe Creative Suite and HTML, and CSS development.

ESRI
UI/UX Designer (Intern)
May 2015 to Aug 2015
Redlands, CA
● Crafted wireframes, UI mockups, and icons for enterprise software under mentorship.
● Developed custom Twitter Bootstrap theme aligning with the enterprise design styleguide, Delivered CSS specifications for UI mockups aiding Developers.
● Conceptualized and developed illustrations for product websites as per requirements.

Kapnovate Technologies
UI/UX Designer & Developer
Mar 2012 to May 2014
Bangalore, India
● Established efficient user experience patterns through comprehensive pre-production research, Transformed mockups into consistent, usable interfaces across platforms in collaboration with stakeholders.
● Created information architecture, wireframes, and UI mockups vital for product development, Designed and developed a lead acquisition website using tools from the Adobe Creative Suite and HTML, CSS, and JS.
● Conceptualized and delivered aesthetically pleasing marketing artifacts to help acquire customers.

Education
Master’s in Visual Communication Design (Interaction Design Track) Rochester Institute of Technology NY USA - 2014 to 2016

Bachelor’s in Computer Science Engineering
Visveswaraya Technological University KA India - 2008 to 2012

Certificates
● C# Unity 2D Game Development - 2023
● Web Design & Development - 2013
● Adobe Creative Suite - 2012
● Modeling & Texturing in Maya - 2013
Contact this candidate