UI/UX Designer
Company: ST Engineering
Working Location: Ho Chi Minh
Salary: Up to 1,300 $
Levels: Junior (1 3 YOE), Middle (3 5 YOE)
Roles and Skills: Designer
Job Overview And Responsibility
You will be responsible for the design of user interfaces and experiences for our digital products. You will work with other UI/UX designers and multiple cross functional teams, including product managers, developers, and stakeholders, to create intuitive and user centered designs that elevate our products. Key Responsibilities:
User Centered Design:
Translate high level requirements into well considered and designed wireframes, and translating wireframes into highly intuitive and compelling user experiences
Create wireframes, prototypes, and user flows to communicate design concepts.
Conduct user research, interviews, and usability testing to gather insights and understand user needs. User Interface Design:
Develop and maintain a consistent visual design language, systems and frameworks
Create high quality UI designs and high fidelity prototypes
Design user interfaces that align with product design language and project objectives.
Collaborate with developers to ensure the implementation of designs meets design specifications. Interaction Design:
Define and design interactions and animations that enhance the user experience.
Ensure seamless navigation and intuitive user journeys throughout the digital product. Cross Functional Collaboration:
Collaborate closely with product managers, developers, and other stakeholders to understand project requirements and constraints and develop innovative solutions for product direction and experiences
Advocate for user centric design principles and provide design guidance during the development process. Prototyping and Testing:
Create interactive prototypes to demonstrate design concepts and user flows.
Conduct usability testing and gather feedback to iterate and refine designs. Design Documentation:
Prepare design documentation, including design specifications, style guides, and design assets for development teams.
Maintain organized design files and version control. Required Skills and Experience
Bachelor's degree in Graphic Design, User Experience Design, or a related field.
2+ years of proven experience as a UI/UX Designer with a strong portfolio, preferably with showcasing work related to software for productivity.
Proficiency in design and prototyping tools such as Figma, Sketch, or similar.
Strong understanding of user centered design principles and usability best practices.
Excellent visual design skills with an eye for detail and aesthetics.
Solid understanding of front end development technologies (HTML, CSS, etc.).
High English language proficiency.
Why Candidate should apply this position
ST Engineering is one of Asia's largest defense and engineering groups. It has also diversified over the years, and now
Solid understanding of front end development technologies (HTML, CSS, etc.).
High English language proficiency.
Why Candidate should apply this position
ST Engineering is one of Asia's largest defense and engineering groups. It has also diversified over the years, and now supplies both military customers and commercial ones in over 100 countries, which cover its four core businesses aerospace, land systems, electronics and marine.
Exclusive chance to work on a new project called Smart City (1B+ USD value): https://www.stengg.com/smart city
Meal & transportation allowance
13th salary
14 annual leave days
Laptop provided
Flexibility to hybrid work (2 days at office 4 days/week during probation)
Ability to travel occasionally to co work with the team in Singapore
Growth and learning opportunities
Social and Health insurance under Vietnamese Labor Law (Full social insurance) Prefer if candidate have
Experience with agile development methodologies is a plus. Reporting to
Hiring Manager
Interviewing Process
1 2 rounds of Interview with Sing team
Company About
At ST Engineering, we apply our technology and innovation to solve real world problems and improve lives. Our dedication to excellence and our strong track record have earned us a distinctive reputation for quality and trust as a global technology, defence and engineering group. Our diverse portfolio of businesses spans the aerospace, smart city, defence and public security segments.
We succeed because of our ability to deliver what our partners and customers need. Together, we transform and future proof cities to make them more mobile, more secure and more liveable for communities. With our expertise and facilities around the world, we keep aircraft flying safely and seagoing vessels operating efficiently. We help nations protect their citizens by meeting their air, land and sea defence needs and equipping their fighting forces to perform on the battlefield. Our cybersecurity and critical systems help our customers enforce public and homeland security in an increasingly digital world. And our satellite communications equipment contributes to much of the world’s network connectivity.
Our global network of subsidiaries and associated companies spans Asia, Europe, the Middle East and the U.S. In the U.S., our major operations span over 50 cities in 23 states, employing 7,000 people who provide innovative products and solutions to commercial and government customers across diverse market segments. We meet every challenge with an effective and competitive response so that our customers in more than 100 countries are better prepared, better protected, and better connected for a more sustainable future. The power behind all of this is our global workforce, inspired by a common commitment and vision. Ours is a team that knows what it takes and we are committed to challenging, changing and securing the future. Company Address
6&7th Floor, The Sarus Building, 67 Nguyen Thi Minh Khai Street Company Website
6&7th Floor, The Sarus Building, 67 Nguyen Thi Minh Khai Street Company Website
https://www.stengg.com/
Company Size
7000+
Contact this candidate