Maxwell Freeborn
UX/UI Designer
Innovative UX/UI Designer with a unique educational background, blending creativity and empathy for user-centric design. Proﬁcient in crafting intuitive experiences to enhance operational eﬃciency and customer satisfaction.

LinkedIn Proﬁle ad66iv@r.postjobfree.com maxfreeborndesign.com San Francisco, CA 415-***-****

EXPERIENCE

Customer Experience Representative Mar 2024 – Present
Mike’s Bikes San, Francisco

●Applied customer-centric approaches to understand their desires and goals in cycling, showing them products and being informed and educated about the bikes and equipment in stock.Led the development of a community-focused lending application, from concept to launch integrating automated workﬂows for a streamlined user experience
●Utilized user experience design principles by asking customers the right questions and listening to their responses to understand their needs and preferences.
●Demonstrated expertise to close the sale, enhancing the overall user experience through effective communication and interaction.
UX/UI Designer Jun 2021 – Present
Freelance Remote

●Collaborated on a housing app for the U.S. Census Bureau, focusing on centralized communication and user-friendly design leading to a 25% increase in user satisfaction.
●Increased web traﬃc by 30% for San Francisco-based harm reduction nonproﬁt through website redesign, emphasizing eﬃcient user interaction and engagement.
●Developed and maintained a clean design system documentation, facilitating cross-functional collaboration and ensuring consistency across various projects.
Teaching Fellow Mar 2019 – Feb 2021
Grant’s English & Beyond English Santiago, Chile
●Conducted user research to create student-centered lessons, resulting in a 25% increase in student engagement and improved educational experiences.
●Developed content in the ﬁelds of Fintech, UX, and Marketing, demonstrating the ability to translate complex concepts into engaging learning materials.
●Applied principles of interaction design and visual design in developing educational materials, which led to a 20% improvement in student comprehension and retention rates, showcasing an ability to adapt design thinking to diverse contexts

Skills

●Agile Methodologies
●Figma, Sketch, & Adobe Suite
●Design Solutions
●Flexibility
●Strong Communication & Collaborative Approach
●User Interface Design
●Advanced Spanish

Education

Columbia Engineering Boot Camp
Advanced UX/UI
General Assembly
UX Bootcamp
The Evergreen State College
Bachelor of Arts, Major in Anthropology
Certiﬁcations

International Design Foundation
Mobile & Accessibility Design
International Design Foundation
Agile Methodology for UX
International TEFL Academy
TEFL/TOSL Certiﬁcation
Contact this candidate