Santhi Senthilkumar
Senior UI/UX Designer

Summary
Highly motivated, well-organized and detail-oriented UI/UX Designer with high proﬁciencies in Visual design. Over 3 years of end-to-end product design experience and 12 years of experience in UI design, front-end development, graphic design and maintenance across various platforms. Has a passion to solve problems visually and come up with intuitive designs providing the best digital user experience. A detail-oriented and organized team player, communicate effectively and thrive in collaborative environments.
Skills
Tools: Figma, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe InDesign, Adobe XD, HTML5, CSS3(sass, less), JavaScript, jQuery, MS Office Suite, JIRA, DevOps, Teams.
UX Methods: User Research, Information Architecture, User Flows, Interviews & Surveys, Persona, Wireframing, Low and High-Fidelity Designs, Prototyping, Design mockups, Usability Testing, Accessibility Design, Design System.
Design & Collaboration: Visual Design, Interaction Design, Responsive Design, Illustration, Print Media, Project Management, Agile Framework, Kanban.
Experience
UI/UX Designer – Freelance, SA, Texas Nov 2023 – Present
Project1 : Parking App
Designed a distinctive and memorable logo that encapsulates the essence of the Parking Buddy brand.
Sketched initial paper wireframes to map out the basic structure and flow of the app based on the discussion with the team of people
Transformed wireframes into high-fidelity mockups using Figma. Focused on accessibility by ensuring color contrast, font sizes, and interactive elements meet WCAG standards.
Developed an Asset Library for Developer Handoff which includes guidelines on how to maintain consistency throughout the app, ensuring a cohesive user experience.
Project2 : Online Shopping Website
Designed the website with a focus on enhancing user experience, increasing website volume, and incorporating a modern aesthetic through sketching, wireframing, and prototyping
Implemented responsive design principles to optimize usability across various devices, and created a design library that incorporates all branding guidelines of the websites as a delivery handoff
Applied user-centric design principles, utilizing tools such as Figma and Adobe Photoshop to develop interactive prototypes and enhance visual appeal and usability.

Senior UI/UX Designer – FE Fundinfo, Chennai, India Nov 2011 – Aug 2021
Product Designer
Created workﬂows, wireframes, interactive prototypes and hi-ﬁdelity visual design mockups.
Talked regularly with Product Owners/UX researchers to understand what they needed and delivered designs on time.
Performed heuristic evaluations on websites and applications and provided recommendations to prioritize and solve usability issues.
Delivered assets and design speciﬁcations to front-end developers/engineers during hand-off.
Worked closely with developers/engineers assisting with HTML/CSS to ensure accurate design
implementation and timely product launch.
Documented process in Teams for future reference.
Participated in design workshops to collaboratively gain insights and make decisions.
Contributed to Design systems to help designers and developers reuse components as a starting point to build products faster and to ensure consistency.
Scheduled and conducted user interviews and usability tests for key research learnings to gain
informative insights.
Worked collaboratively with cross-functional team within a Sprint/Agile environment
Font-end Developer
Designed and built websites using tools like Photoshop, HTML, CSS, jQuery/JavaScript
Made sure websites are responsive and adaptive to all platforms and browsers.
Ensured websites followed accessibility standards to make them easier to use for everyone.
Graphic Designer
Employed fresh design techniques to produce Brochures, Business Cards, Logos, Banners, Letterhead etc. by using Vector illustration
Created the designs for Coffee Mug, Backpack, Calendar and Water Bottles
Supplied graphics to social media websites for Product announcements

Web & Graphic Designer – MIT, Tuticorin, India Mar 2006 – Aug 2011
Developed original designs and prepared layouts from client supplied visuals, samples and sketches, producing effective final products, delivered on time and within budget
Employed fresh design techniques to produce brochures, business cards, logos, banners, letterhead by using vector illustration
Converted the final designs into workable prototype by using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and handed over to developers/engineers
Mentor the team to provide feedback and guide them in right direction
Education
Master of Computer Application (MCA), 2009, Madurai Kamaraj University, India
Bachelor of Computer Science (BSC), 2004, Manonmaniam Sundaranar university, India

Certification
UX Design
Foundations of User Experience (UX) Design
Start the UX Design Process: Empathize, Define, and Ideate
Conduct UX Research and Test Early Concepts
Create High-Fidelity Designs and Prototypes in Figma
Interaction Design for the Web
UX Foundations: Usability Testing
UX Foundations: Interaction Design
UX Foundations: Prototyping
Accessibility (WCAG)
UX Foundations: Accessibility
Making a Case for Accessibility in Your Organization

San Antonio, TX, USA
Phone : +1-726-***-****
Email : ad6d9t@r.postjobfree.com
Portfolio: https://www.behance.net/sanfolio LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/santhimca
Contact this candidate