Kristopher Shogren
SENIOR DESIGNER
Email: ad6jij@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: +1 (925) 451 – 5228
Portfolio: https://www.cmykris.com/
LinkledIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/kdshogren/
Dribble: https://dribbble.com/cmykris

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
My passion for learning and problem-solving has
propelled me into a Product Design career that doesn’t seem to be slowing down anytime soon. My career
began in 2011 when I graduated from Cal Poly Pomona with a Bachelor’s Degree in Graphic Design. As the industry rapidly evolved, I found myself having to adapt to stay afloat, dramatically changing from a print designer to a digital and website designer.
After several years of learning how to be a
professional, my inquisitive mind discovered Figma upon their 2016 public release. It was love at first sight, and I immediately became obsessed. To learn Figma
further, in 2018, I ambitiously took on the 100-Day UI Challenge posting my thoughts and results on Dribble. Next, amidst the 2020 Pandemic, I heroically built a B2B Enterprise Design System for supply chain
executives in North America.
My dream is to continue to build world-class
experiences for diverse users, solve huge problems, win awards, and inspire others, always learning.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Founder @ CMYKris LLC, Oakland, CA
APR ʻ22 – Present
• Providing professional product design services to Entrepreneurs, Founders, and Small Business owners located in the San Francisco Bay Area. Implementing modern, innovative, and user-centered solutions at unprecedented speeds and world-class quality, always on-time and under budget.

Senior Product Designer @ iTradeNetwork, Dublin, CA
JAN ʻ20 – JAN ʻ22
• Joined iTrade’s new User Experience Design team tasked with building the new Design System from scratch to uphold visual consistency and drive innovation, adhering to modern usability standard, pattern, and best practices. Collaborated daily with a diverse team of UX Designers, Product Managers, and Full-Stack Developers. Utilized a custom documentation site to implement the system efficiently and effectively across multiple platforms and products over the course of 6 months.
• Earned a promotion to Senior Product Designer following the successful launch of the Design System, and next led iTrade’s analytical insights dashboard solution which enabled executives of enterprise companies to monitor, manage, and maintain their massive supply chains.

Product Designer @ EVERFI, Walnut Creek, CA
JUL ʻ16 – OCT ʻ18
• Passionately crafted internal Design Systems, Style Guides, and CMS Templates aimed at empowering our team to build financial literacy products from scratch. Collaborated with UX Designers to enhance features and ensure our users were able to solve their problems efficiently and effectively.
• Successfully served as an Interim Art Director for multiple projects, providing leadership to a small team and maintaining relationships with prominent clients, including Google, Amazon, and the NFL.

Visual Designer @ LawRoom, Walnut Creek, CA
JUN ʻ15 – JUL ʻ16
• Uniquely collaborated with an in-house Full-Stack Development Team, Lawyers, Writers, and UX Designers to create a custom CMS tool. This tool was instrumental in deploying digital courses addressing complex issues like compliance, sexual harassment, and diversity to higher education clients.

Web & Marketing Designer @ Fourstep Automation, Hayward, CA
MAY ʻ15 – SEP 18’
• Independently constructed Fourstep’s proprietary websites utilizing WordPress, focusing on modernizing the company to attract potential clients and generate leads. Additionally, collaborated with the founders to build marketing packages and printed material to distribute at conferences to increase brand awareness. Based on the documentation provided by the Nielsen Norman Group. https://www.nngroup.com/articles/skill-mapping/
Contact this candidate