Himmat Verma
UX/UI Designer
ad7ajk@r.postjobfree.com I +1-510-***-****
Fremont, California, USA
Portfolio and LinkedIn links are located at the bottom of my resume.

PROFESSIONAL SUMMERY
Professional Experience
With over 15 years of expertise in UX/UI Design, user research, ideation, and workflows, complemented by hands-on experience in mobile/desktop end-to-end digital design and production. I am adept at devising innovative solutions for complex problems. My commitment to pixel perfection, advanced skills in typography and color theory (a key component of my master's degree), and a keen design aesthetic collectively work towards improving and streamlining the digital user experience.
Strategic Problem-Solving
Demonstrating problem-solving skills through active engagement in ideation processes and the creation of innovative solutions.
User-Centric Design Philosophy
Implementing a user-centric design approach to ensure that the designs are not only functional but also user friendly, satisfying and accessible to all.
Utilizing Figma to craft design solutions, integrating sketches, low-fidelity wireframes, customer journey maps, and information architectures.
Adaptability and Evolution
Staying updated on the latest trends in the industry, adjusting to new design methods and technologies for more than 15 years.
Client Interaction and Project Scoping
Actively talking with end users and stakeholders to understand their detailed business needs, what users require, and where they might be facing challenges.
Design Tools Proficiency
Demonstrating proficiency in all the design tools like Axure, Sketch, Illustrator, Photoshop, Miro, and specially Figma for creating wireframes, design elements, and clickable prototypes.
Prototyping and Interactivity
Generating high-fidelity mockups and clickable prototypes with micro-interactions in Figma.
Crafting interactive workflows and journey maps with clickable elements.
Applying rapid prototyping techniques from day ‘0’ to returning user scenarios.
Data Visualization and Infographics
Specializing in data visualization and crafting vector infographics using Figma and Photoshop.
Team Collaboration and Communication
Facilitating client meetings for requirement gathering and conducting scrums with the team for task allocation.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Figma
Sketch
Adobe Creative Suite
Invision
Miro
Microsoft Office
Excel/Keynote/Power-point/ Google Slide
Basic Knowledge of HTML/CSS

EDUCATION

MASTER OF FINE ARTS (MFA) in Visualization and Design (Applied Arts) 2 years professional degree
From College of Art (Delhi University), New Delhi, India

BACHELOR OF FINE ARTS (BFA) in Design and Aesthetics (Applied Arts) 4 years professional degree
From College of Art (Panjab University), Chandigarh, India

CERTIFICATIONS

LinkedIn Learning Courses
- Design Thinking: Understanding the Process - View Credentials
- A Design Thinking Approach to Putting the Customer First - View Credentials
- Figma for UX Design - View Credentials
- UX Research: Journey Mapping - View Credentials
- Using AI in the UX Design Process - View Credentials

Jira Fundamentals
From Atlassian University
View Credentials

Professional Scrum Master I
From Scrum.org
View Credentials

Science and Art or Effective Web & Application Design
From Human Factors International, Fairfield, Iowa, United States
Credential ID – 04020021

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Oct. 2021 - Present
CISCO SYSTEMS INC. - Sr. UX/UI Designer
San Jose, CA, United States I www.cisco.com
Collaborating with Partners, Product Managers, Business Analysts, and Architects.
Identifying problems and conducting user research to collect insights.
Engaging with analysts to understand the business objectives, user needs and UX goals.
Developing detailed personas and mapping commerce workflows, information architectures, and customer journey maps for empathy.
Creating design concepts and paper prototypes based on personas and research.
Sketching wireframes and developing prototypes using Figma.
Designing intuitive, user-centered solutions and clickable prototypes, ensuring alignment with business requirements.
Possessing a keen eye for detail with experience in producing pixel-perfect and consistent components using design systems, principles, and UX laws.
Creating responsive designs in line with Bootstrap standards for mobile and web applications and collaborating with developers.
Conducting usability testing time to time and reviewing designs with cross-functional teams to gather feedback and iterate.
Designing business case presentations and newsletters for the team.
Creating infographics, sketches, charts, and illustrations for presentations.

Aug. 2013 - Oct. 2021
INTELLIGAIA TECHNOLOGIES - UX/UI Design Lead
Panchkula, India - Durham, NC, United States I www.intelligaia.com
Participated in an onsite workshop with the Cisco Renewals team to understand their business goals and objectives.
Conducted user research to gather valuable insights to work on the end-to-end flow.
Developed concepts based on personas and user stories.
Managed information architecture and customer journey maps using Figma.
Led a design team and exhibited a keen eye for detail with experience in producing pixel-perfect and consistent components. Created responsive designs following Bootstrap standards.
Developed a design system for all Cisco commerce projects using the Atomic Design methodology to ensure consistency and expedite work through a component library.
Participated in daily discussions with the Renewals team to ensure we stayed on the right track.
Created intuitive, user-centered solutions and interactive prototypes that aligned with business requirements.
Identified potential design opportunities in other Cisco projects.
Worked with Managers, Stakeholders, Architects and Developers.
Worked within a multi-talented scrum team as well.
Designed social media ads, infographics, sketches, and illustrations for the journeys.

Feb. 2013 - Jul. 2013
NETSMARTZ INFOTECH - Sr. UX/UI Designer
Chandigarh, India - Rochester, USA I www.netsmatrz.com
Led a team to develop innovative UI concepts, fostering collaboration and creativity.
Integrated UX principles to enhance visual experiences, ensuring the end products were both usable and accessible.
Conducted thorough reviews of all projects with a keen eye for detail to deliver pixel-perfect designs.
Engaged with clients to discuss project requirements, gaining a deep understanding of their business objectives and user needs.
Collaborated with managers, clients, architects, and developers to ensure cohesive project execution and alignment with business goals.
Facilitated design workshops and brainstorming sessions to encourage team input and generate diverse design ideas.
Developed and maintained design documentation and guidelines to streamline the design process and maintain consistency across projects
Created print collaterals included company brochures, catalogues, and advertisements etc. Took still photography as well.

Jul. 2007 - Jan. 2013
EMAAR-MGF LAND I Senior Designer
Chandigarh, India - Dubai I www.emaar-mohalihills.com
Worked on various web and mobile websites with the latest Emaar-MGF projects information, designed engaging email campaigns, and crafted newsletters to keep customers informed.
Conceptualized, designed, and executed various interactive projects, enhancing user engagement.
Created wireframes, prototypes, and high-fidelity mockups to effectively communicate design concepts.
Worked closely with the development team to ensure the accurate implementation of designs and to troubleshoot any issues that arose.
Created a wide range of print materials including brochures, catalogs, posters, hoardings, advertisements, and handouts for the marketing team.
Coordinated with the interior designer’s team and conceptualized digital oil paintings, sculptures, murals, mosaic tile compositions and wall textures.
Designed 3D building models and architectural presentations as well.
Conceptualized/designed the company stalls for various real estate fairs.

Oct. 2006 - Jul. 2007
SEBIZ INFOTECH - Senior Creative Analyst
Mohali, India - Rochester, USA I www.sebiz.net
Designed and maintained components and layouts with UI standards.
Collaborated with interaction designers to create clear, beautiful, and delightful user interface designs.
Ensured consistency and quality across multiple digital channels, device platforms and screen resolutions.
Worked on the process driven, strong interaction designs and careful attention to detail.
Discussed projects with clients to understand the user needs and defined the UX goals.
Planned user experience design activities for the projects, track status and progress.
Worked closely with the development team to provide design assets and ensure alignment.

PORTFOLIO (Desktop only)
https://www.himmatux.com/
Password: Himmat*456

Please check out the "CASE STUDY" link in the top navigation to see a recent project where I designed the Direct Customer Sales Experience on Cisco.com.

You can also explore my "PORTFOLIO" to see my work in UX/UI Design work, including story mapping, information architecture, persona infographics, sketches, wireframes, and both low and high-fidelity mockups.

Under the portfolio section, you'll find "PROJECTS" showcasing a variety of projects I've worked on, with a focus on the UX/UI aspect. Additionally, you can watch a video showcasing the UX Transformation Journey of the Cisco Commerce Renewals project I worked on at my previous company.

With a strong design background, I actively engage in brainstorming to solve problems creatively and develop innovative solutions. I am highly attentive to detail and consistently produce pixel-perfect designs. Committed to continuous learning, I stay updated on the latest UX/UI design trends and best practices.

LINKEDIN PROFILE
https://www.linkedin.com/in/himmat-verma-7b714215/

RECOMMENDATIONS
https://www.linkedin.com/in/himmat-verma-7b714215/details/recommendations/?detailScreenTabIndex=0
Contact this candidate