Levi Dawson
UX DESIGNER
ad7pan@r.postjobfree.com
618-***-****
linkedin.com/in/levidawson
behance.net/levidawson
SKILLS
UX/UI
Adaptive Design
Wireframing
Usability Testing
HTML
CSS
JavaScript
Application Logic
Project Management
TOOLS
Figma
FigJam
Photoshop
Illustrator
InDesign
After Effects
EDUCATION
Southern Illinois University
Carbondale, IL.
BFA, Communication Design
2001 - 2005
Cornell University
User Experience Design Certification
September 2021
ContentSquare Fundamentals Certified
October 2023
EXPERIENCE
New Balance Athletics • 2012 - Present
Lead Web Designer
• Partner with cross-functional team members (Site, Email, Development,
& Social Teams) to build a fully digital creative strategy and propose new innovative design solutions for each project.
• Create prototypes to visualize and test design concepts before full-scale development.
• Utilize Salesforce Commerce Cloud’s Page Designer functionality to test and execute onsite content for complete usability.
• Concept and art direct photoshoots to meet brand standards.
• Execute and maintain a consistent brand identity and messaging across all channels for all devices to provide a seamless user experience.
• Identify and address usability issues and pain points to improve overall user satisfaction.
• Managerial experience within the design team.
Motivation Technologies • 2011 - 2012
Interactive Team Leader
• Designed, executed, and lead creative of informational modules for Intel employees.
• Lead a team of 2 designers and 2 developers.
• Approved projects and gave creative guidance.
Creative Anvil • 2010 - 2011
Senior Web Designer
• Led website and visual identity for multiple clients.
• Utilized HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to develop the front-end experience of client creative.
Technisonic • 2006 - 2010
Web Designer/Developer
• Designed and developed client sites using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and PHP/MySQL.
• Created a custom CMS where employees could upload content for clients to download, email, and leave comments.
Contact this candidate