Igor Nazarenko
PRODUCT UX/UI DESIGNER
Email: ad80c6@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 408-***-****
Portfolio: https://www.igornazarenko.com
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/igornazarenko Location: Santa Clara, California, United States
SUMMARY
I have over 15 years of professional experience working as a product designer responsible for user experience, user interface, interaction and visual design. I worked for small startup companies and big companies such as Oracle, Yahoo!, Apple, Kaiser Permanente, Intel, McAfee and Align Technology. I worked on Enterprise, B2B SaaS platforms and I designed multiple consumer Android and iOS applications. As lead designer, I'm responsible for all stages of the user-centered design process from defining business objectives and understanding user needs, user research and usability testing, to delivery of high fidelity mockups and providing visual assets and technical specifications for engineering teams. I work closely with stakeholders, product managers, developers, content writers and other teams to guarantee project success. EXPERIENCE
Product UX/UI Designer, IBM, Remote 08/2024 - Present (Contract) Work in a multi functional team on development of the consumer Native iOS application with AI speech-to-text and text-to-speech capabilities built on IBM Cloud.
Features and tools: Design consumer native iOS application with capability of converting audio and video files to transcribed text format. File management including search, sorting, and export audio and text files. Multi-source recording and real time transcription, transcription summarization and editing, multiple languages support. Design process: Facilitate brainstorming sessions, collect stakeholders input and feedback, create Keynote presentations to demo project progress and case studies to document project design process. Create user personas and user journey maps. Work with stakeholders on product requirements and user stories. Develop wireframes and interactive prototypes. Collaborate with PMs, engineers and AI and Cloud Architects. Conduct Keynote demos and design reviews, testing and feedback collection. Create high fidelity mockups and visual assets based on IBM Carbon design system. Provided assets, guidelines, visual and technical specifications to developers. Tools: Mural, Figma, Monday.com, Keynote
Product UX/UI Designer, GroupEra, Santa Clara CA 08/2023 - Present I work as a freelance designer on a variety of projects including product design for web-based and native mobile applications, wireframes, prototypes, high-fidelity mockups, iconography and all assets, visual and technical specification. I also work on business branding and corporate identity packages, desktop publishing, product packaging and labeling, web design, creative and technical illustrations.
Tools: Figma, FigJam, Adobe XD, Balsamiq, WordPress, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop, Acrobat, Keynote, Dreamweaver.
Sr. Product UX/UI Designer, SuppyShift, Santa Cruz CA 01/2022 - 07/2023 Worked on web-based Enterprise B2B SaaS supply chain transparency platform. Was responsible for the design of the new and improvement of the existing features. I reduced features design and development time by 40% by implementing a new design system, establishing a design thinking work process and effective communication channels between design and engineering teams.
Features designed: User onboarding and registration, creation and management of the company and multiple users accounts. Partner branding guidelines and specifications. Customization of the user permissions. Landing page dashboard. Process of uploading suppliers info and data on platform. Tool for the supplier data analytics and comparison. Communication channel between buyer and supplier companies. Design process: Conducted market research. Created user journey maps and user personas. Facilitated ideation sessions with design, engineering and PM teams. Developed wireframes and interactive prototypes. Conducted user tests. Created high fidelity mockups and visual assets. Provided visual and technical specifications to development teams. Collected and analyzed users feedback and data received from analytics tools. Conducted projects demos and presentations to stakeholders, product and engineering teams using Keynote and Google slides.Collaborated with PMs, engineering teams, marketing, customer support teams and third party vendors. Tools: Figma, FigJam, Balsamiq, Adobe Illustrator, WebAim, UserZoom, Tableau, Acrobat, Confluence, JIRA. Sr. Product/UX/UI Designer, Align Technology Inc., San Jose CA 05/2018 - 12/2021 I designed MyInvisalign app, native iOS/Android mobile, Apple/Android smartwatch and web-based consumer tool to help patients and doctors to keep track of the Invisalign treatment progress and help patients to stay compliant with doctor recommendations. Worked on IDS Doctor Portal - B2B Treatment Provider Platform. Features designed: User onboarding and account creation. Doctor locator, Smile simulation, Insurance verification, Treatment assessment, Appointment request and scheduling, Timer, Time log, Calendar, Notification setup, Photo gallery, Referral process, User goal setup, Virtual Care feature including messages and images sharing, Subscription payment process, in app company retail store promotion. Treatment providers idea board contest, Live Chat, Align university test and quiz framework, Treatment file repository and management system. Design process: Conducted market research. Interviewed patients and treatment providers. Created user journey maps and flow diagrams. Developed wireframes and interactive prototypes. Conducted user tests with potential and existing users. Conducted usability tests to ensure WCAG AA, WCAG AAA and section 508 accessibility compliance. Created high fidelity mockups, visual assets and design system components, patterns and icon library. Provided visual and technical specifications to development teams. Collected and analyzed users feedback and data received from analytics tools. Collaborated with PMs, engineering teams, UX researchers, marketing and content writers, other members of the design team and third party vendors such as insurance verification, referral rewards and payment processing vendors. Conducting projects demos and presentations to stakeholders using Keynote and Google slides. Tools: Figma, FigJam, Adobe XD, Sketch, inVision, Zeplin, Balsamiq, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe After Effects, UserTesting, WebAim, Miro, UserZoom, Google Analytics, Adobe inDesign, Acrobat, Keynote, Confluence, JIRA. Lead Product UX/UI Designer, Intel / McAfee, Santa Clara CA 05/2014 - 04/2018 I successfully designed multiple native iOS and Android mobile consumer applications, including McAfee Safe Connect, McAfee Mobile Booster, and McAfee Safe Call. I also was a product designer for the augmented reality (AR) pilot AI mobile application beSafe to detect a collision or impact and send a message to emergency services. Features designed: New user onboarding experience, app quick tours, user accounts creation and management. App monetization including retail advertisement and user package upsell. VPN Client Subscription payments process, Virtual Location Selector, Device Battery Optimiser, Notification Center, Device Settings Customization, Photo Gallery Management, Call Protection, Parental Control, Multi User Device Account Sharing, Network Protection. Design process: Created wireframes, user journey maps, storyboards, flow diagrams and interactive prototypes. Conducted usability testing. Created high-fidelity mockups, UI components and patterns, and provided assets and specifications. Created libraries of icons to be used in iOS, Android and web applications. Collected and analyzed user feedback. Developed Ico McAfee font to be used on company websites and web apps. Collaborated with PMs, engineering teams, UX researchers, marketing, content writers, localization teams and third party vendors. Tools: Balsamiq, Adobe illustrator, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe XD, Sketch, inVision, Figma, WordPress, Adobe Dreamweaver, Icomoon, Glyphs, Fontograph, Adobe inDesign, HTML/CSS, JIRA. Principal Visual Designer, Oracle, Redwood City CA 06/2012 - 02/2014 I was responsible for design of user experience and interfaces of the Oracle development tools and Alta design system, including iconography, components and UI patterns libraries ready for the product implementation. Redesigned and supported Oracle NetBeans website, social media pages and trade shows marketing materials. Features and tools designed: ADF (Advanced Developer Framework), JDeveloper, NetBeans Easel, WebLogic, ODCS (Oracle Developer Cloud Service) and Oracle content management software WebCenter for desktop, web and mobile environments. Worked on Alta design system, a library of UI components and patterns used in Oracle enterprise products. Designed various components, provided specifications and directed implementation of components into the design system to ensure consistency and minimizing customization time for white label products. Design process: Created user flow diagrams. Developed wireframes and interactive prototypes. Collaborate with PMs, engineers and design team members. Worked closely with front end developers to ensure design implementation. Provided assets, guidelines, visual and technical specifications to developers. Tools: Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop, Balsamiq, Adobe Dreamweaver. Web UX/UI Designer, Yahoo! Sunnyvale CA 01/2012 - 03/2012 (Contract) I was working on the user experience of Yahoo! BOSS - a customizable search system. I worked on BOSS search desktop and mobile experience and developed specifications for visual elements for Yahoo!/partner branding guidelines. I was also responsible for the design of advertisement and media modules for Yahoo! Finance, Yahoo! News and Yahoo! Answers.
Features and tools designed: Yahoo! Search Boss partner dashboard and settings, customization and branding guidelines. Design of the components and layouts of the retail products search result pages. Design of the Slide Show
"carousel" component that contains Search Result images and reference content links. Designed “explore related” advertising components and patterns. Designed icons, illustrations, marketing images. Design process: Created user flow diagrams. Developed wireframes and interactive prototypes. Collaborate with PMs, engineers and design team members. Conducted design reviews, testing and feedback collection from design team and potential users. Created high fidelity mockups and visual assets. Provided assets, guidelines, visual and technical specifications to developers.
Tools: Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop, Balsamiq, Adobe Dreamweaver. Web UI/UX Designer, Kaiser Permanente, Oakland CA 02/2011 - 12/2011 (Contract) I designed a “Choose your doctor online” feature for desktop and mobile users. Designed and maintained Kaiser Permanente ‘My Doctor’, ‘KP Live Well Be Well’, and ‘Leadership Institute’ websites. Features designed: Designed desktop and mobile “Choose your doctor online” feature of the KP website to help patients to find doctors based on criteria such as location, background, education, spoken language and more. Designed and maintained websites promoting healthy lifestyle to the Kaiser Permanente members and support community of the Kaiser Permanente health care providers. Designed icons, illustrations. Design process: Developed wireframes and interactive prototypes. Collaborated with PMs, engineers and design team members. Conducted design reviews, testing and feedback collection from design team and potential users. Created high fidelity mockups and visual assets. Provided assets, guidelines, visual and technical specifications to developers. Tools: Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop, Balsamiq, Adobe Dreamweaver, HTML/CSS, Javascript. UI/UX Designer, Apple, Cupertino CA 08/2010 - 01/2011 (Contract) Designed desktop application for the internal Apple users. I was responsible for the design of the new 0:1 application for the internal use by the Apple employees.
Design process: Developed wireframes and built high fidelity interactive prototypes for user testing and stakeholder review. Conducted user testing sessions with potential product users. Delivered high-fidelity mockups and layouts. Provided visual assets, visual and technical specifications to the development team. Tools: Axure RP, Eclipse, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Dreamweaver, HTML/CSS, Javascript. Senior Graphic Designer, Applied Biosystems, Foster City CA 03/2002 - 06/2010 I created hundreds of technical and medical illustrations, instructional flow charts and diagrams, work process manuals, digital products prototypes and animated demos. Developed user interface for several internal applications, designed and developed internal websites. Developed company brand standards and guidelines. Created product labels and packaging design. Designed corporate web store and downloadable store catalog. Designed company print-ready products catalog. Responsible for creating artwork, preparing print ready materials, communication with third party vendors (print shops) and supervision of the print production.
Tools: CorelDraw, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop, Keynote, Adobe Dreamweaver, Adobe inDesign, Adobe Acrobat EDUCATION
BA Degree in Art and Design - Belarusian University of Art and Design, Minsk, Belarus AA in Fine Arts - Art College - Tskhinvali, South Ossetia Multimedia Design Diploma - Masters Institute, San Jose COURSES
UserZoom Academy - UserZoom Core Certification - 2021 UCSC Silicon Valley Extension - Mobile Interface Design - 2018 UCSC Silicon Valley Extension - Designing UX for SmartThings, Virtual Reality & Wearable Technology - 2017 SKILLS
Product design, user experience design (UX), critical thinking, simplifying complex processes, improving usability and reducing user friction, user interface design (UI), interaction design, visual design, web design, mobile design, user research, user testing, wireframing, prototyping, developing style guides and design systems, iconography, designing components and patterns, producing high fidelity mockups, technical and creative illustrations, promotion and advertisement materials, brand identity, providing visual and technical specifications. AWARDS
2021 IPM Award, IPM leadership, Align Technology
2021 Inventor Award, IP Team, Align Technology
2020 IPM Award IPM leadership, Align Technology
2018 Excellence Award Info Security PG’s Global®McAfee 2016 BMA Platinum Award Best Business & Productivity App. Best Mobile App Awards McAfee STRENGTHS
● Self-motivated to prioritize and manage workload to meet project deadlines
● Practice user-centered design process and standards
● Prioritize new product features based on impact, feasibility and business goals
● Create user journey and empathy maps and concept user flows to identify users' pain points
● Create user personas, storyboards and user stories
● Develop wireframes and interactive prototypes
● Determine information architecture, navigation and create sitemaps
● Conduct usability testings and interviews
● Use tools to ensure WCAG accessibility compliance
● Work closely with stakeholders, product managers, business analysts and content writers
● Work with design and development teams to guarantee project success
● Create high fidelity mockups and visual assets for UI implementation
● Build design systems, style guides and components libraries
● Design documents such as visual and technical specifications
● Work with analytics team to set events to track user behavior
● Collect and analyze user’s feedback and usage data
● Use content management tools
● Work in an interactive Agile process
● Ability to quickly learn/adapt using diverse tools and technologies PROJECTS
SupplyShift. Redesigned platform user onboarding and data uploading processes. Streamlined the design and development process by implementing the new design system https://app.supplyshift.net/#/login Align Technology. Designed My Invisalign native iOS/Android solution for Align's patients and users who are considering Invisalign treatment. Today My Invisalign app is available in 60+ markets in 18 languages and has over a million active users world wide. https://apps.apple.com/us/app/my-invisalign/id1325633853 McAfee. Designed Safe Connect is an award-winning VPN Proxy App that provides bank-grade encryption, private browsing services & internet security. https://apps.apple.com/us/app/safe-vpn-connect-vpn-proxy/id1187006838 TOOLS
Figma, FigJam, Adobe XD, Sketch, InVision, Miro, Balsamiq, Mural, User Zoom, WebAim, Adobe Illustrator, Axure, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Dreamweaver, Adobe inDesign, Google Analytics, Confluence, JIRA, Monday.com, Acrobat, WordPress, HTML/CSS
CONTACT
Email: ad80c6@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 408-***-****
Contact this candidate