Work History
UXC UX/UI Designer
Blake
Rochelle
Contact
Address
Gulf Breeze, FL 32563
Phone
256-***-****
E-mail
ad88tp@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn
https://www.linkedin.com
/in/blakerochelle/
WWW
https://blakerochelle.github.
io/
Skills
User Centered Design
Excellent
Iterative Design
Excellent
Responsive Design and
Development
Excellent
User Interface (UI) Design
Very Good
UI Prototyping
Very Good
HTML SCSS Javascript
JQuery
Highly skilled UX/UI designer and developer with over 15 years of experience in User Centered Design and web functionality integration as well as experience conducting various methods of user research and producing interactive product application interface prototypes. Maintains user-centric design principles while adhering to related development goals and business requirements. Dedicated to creating inviting and delightful interfaces for a variety of complex proprietary systems.
UX/UI Designer
Jackson Hewitt, Gulf Breeze, United States
Lead UX/UI designer for Jackson Hewitt's Tax
Resolution Division
Worked hand-in-hand with product owner and
business liaison to translate business objectives and workflows into project feature requirements and
polished user interfaces.
Defined user experience of the JH Tax Resolution
web application and provided workflow mockups,
interactive prototypes and high-fidelity graphics
using Figma for design and collaboration.
Created user personas for all roles and conducted
user interviews at each step of the way in order to gain empathy and a deep understanding of our
users.
Conducted user testing sessions in order to confirm or refute all design assumptions. All assumptions
were tracked via Trello using feature-specific cards. Created living style guide for the Tax Resolution
application and all extraneous web solutions.
Integrated finalized design into the Tax Resolution web application via SCSS.
2021-10 -
Current
UX Designer
Kemper Corporation, Previously Infinity Insurance, Birmingham, AL
Lead UX designer for Infinity Insurance
Promoted and ensured consistent look, feel and
experience across multiple Kemper/Infinity domains 2010-09 -
2021-10
Excellent and platforms.
Defined user experience concepts and provided
design layouts, workflows, prototypes and
high-fidelity graphics using the Adobe suite and
Sketch.
Created and maintained libraries of reusable web
components.
Closely collaborated with cross-functional teams
and business units to turn requirements into
completed apps, within project deadlines, and to
identify and quickly address problems.
Developed and facilitated UX workshops, to help
promote optimum user experience across the
organization, with 95% positive feedback from
attendees.
Lead Web Developer
Red Mountain Technologies, Birmingham, AL
Utilized user-centric principals to design and develop web-based applications.
Maintained existing applications to ensure their
accuracy and currency.
Performed technical support duties and customer
interaction training.
Served as project coordinator which included
managing current project goals as well as long term team goals.
Planned, designed and prepared company
newsletter for digital and print dissemination.
2003-10 -
2010-09
Customer Service Representative
AutoCheck Auctions, Birmingham, AL
Vehicle history data provider to over 95% of the
auction industry.
Interacted one-on-one with customers to help serve their individual needs.
Coordinated with management to strengthen
relationships with our customers.
Analyzed various data streams to determine the
accuracy of historical vehicle information.
2002-02 -
2003-10
Education
Certifications
Bachelor of Science: Business
Administration, Management Information
Systems
Auburn University - Auburn, AL
1997-09 -
20012
2018-03 UX Certification, Nielsen Norman Group
Contact this candidate