Ben Arnold
Grosse Pointe, MI
benarnold.framer.website linkedin.com/in/benjamin-e-arnold ad8roz@r.postjobfree.com Experienced UX Designer with a background in the automotive and e-commerce industries. Skilled in executing all phases of the design process—from research and ideation through prototyping, testing, and final implementation—to deliver cohesive and impactful solutions. Adept at collaborating with cross-functional teams to create user-centered design solutions. Proven ability to align design decisions with both business goals and user needs. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Rightpoint Warren, MI - Hybrid
Visual Design Contractor at General Motors May 2023–May 2024
● Developed and maintained a comprehensive design system to ensure consistency and streamline workflows across various vehicle brands.
● Worked in a team to enhance and develop an extensive infotainment system, encompassing cluster, audio, and media functionalities, tailored to meet the needs of different vehicle brands.
● Collaborated closely with brand leads, developers, and stakeholders to conceptualize, refine, and implement vehicle interfaces that align with brand identity and user needs.
● Coordinated among cross-functional teams to effectively prioritize tasks and meet sprint goals, ensuring efficient project delivery and alignment with design objectives. Zbox.com Hamtramck, MI
UX Designer April 2021–May 2023
● Collaborated with a cross-functional team to build a design system that established brand cohesiveness and streamlined workflows.
● Analyzed customer data and motivations to build a Parts Book on our website for various machines, simplifying the purchasing experience.
● Optimized customer retention during checkout by iterating user flows and prototypes in Figma, refining the overall user experience.
Michigan State University East Lansing, MI
Bachelor’s of Arts and Letters, Experience Architecture August 2016–May 2020
● Michigan State Evans Scholars - Technology Chair TECHNICAL SKILLS
● Design systems, Visual design, Responsive design, User-centric design, Prototyping, UX research, Usability testing, User personas, Customer journey maps, Agile design
● Figma, Sketch, Adobe Creative Cloud
Contact this candidate