Extended my design experience through several projects focused on the creation of user
interfaces, including work on MRI Contract Intelligence, an AI-powered document processing solution. Finalized a global persona model for Real Estate technology. Created dark-mode styles for MRI Rent Payment's mobile app. Created and used a style-guide for Power-BI report development.
New Path VR - Design Intern - San Francisco, CA Jan. 2022 - May 2022 Performed website design in Word Press utilizing plugins for web education modules. Researched studies to compile and design an education resource for the application of VR in mental health.
Techcyt e Europe - Marketing Intern - Luxembourg Jan. 2021 - May 2021 Developed market research skills and learned how to apply that knowledge to the general design and creation of websites, personas, and user identities to better target specific demographics. Developed new content for the newly targeted verticals by leveraging updated demographics.
Miami University - Web Intern - Cincinnati, OH Aug. 2020 - Dec. 2020 Built on classroom skills in general design practices, learned how to do a competitive analysis, gathered data through Google Analytics, and gained experience with a CMS. Matthew Zrimsek
ad8slv@r.postjobfree.com
949-***-****
www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-zrimsek
Portfolio: Matthewzrimsek.com
Tech Skills
Figma and Sketch
Design Tools
Photoshop,
Illustrator, and
Adobe Suite
HTML, CSS,
JavaScript,
Bootstrap,
and React
Google Analytics
and Tableau
Microsoft Power-BI
Reporting
UX Research
Persona
Development
Multimodal Design
Soft Skills
Problem Solving
and Team work
Presentation and
Thinking Skills
Creativity Team
Leadership
Education
Miami University May 2023
Major - Emerging Technology in Business & Design
Concentrated on UI & UX design as part of a broad, technology-based design program that blended course work with experiential learning through a variety of internships and capstone projects.
Digital Innovation Fellows
Internship and client specific capstone projects in Cincinnati, San Francisco, and Luxembourg, for a semester each, to build experience in business and the application of technology. Minor - Entrepreneurship
Complimented my technology oriented design focus with classes in entrepreneurship focused on problem solving, brainstorming, and opportunities to lead teams. Worked in groups, and on solo projects, we incubated ideas, taking concepts from ambiguous and forming them into a viable concepts that we represented in investor pitch decks. Senior Service Leadership Award for Improving Student Life Nominated by Tara Hoppe, Assistant Director of Entrepreneurship. Certifications
OSU UI/UX Bootcamp
Google UI UX Design
React Development
Objective
Seeking a position in UI/UX design that allows me to create interfaces and experiences that are intuitive, elegant, and useful. I am open to relocation. Experience
MRI Software - Part time UI Designer - Cleveland, OH May. 2022 - Jan 2024 Projects
Designed a new application with the purpose of utilizing AI-powered document processing to extract information from a variety of formatted documents (invoices, certificates of insurance, etc). Worked largely independently and utilized Figma while adhering to design style guidelines.
Design System: Responsive Best Practices
Researched and developed best practices for Responsive and Mobile design. Compared these best practices to current interface components to document areas for improvement across the portfolio of 140 products. Updated current practices to modern standards and brought all design files on Figma up to date. Various Projects
Designed a publishing system for dashboard drafts as part of a Power-BI based Business intelligence platform, developed the UI for user management across multiple applications, and designed dark mode for a consumer facing rent payment application.
Techcyte Europe - Marketing Intern - Luxembourg
European Branch Website Redesign
Created a journey map and subsequently overhauled the entire European branch website based on research of our target markets and their requirements. Expanded on the verticals present on the website, and implemented the new information and resources into the website for the new target demographics to consume. OH
Professional Projects
MRI Software - UI/UX Design Intern - Cleveland,
AI Powered Document Processing: New Product Design Client Capstone Projects
Digital Innovation Semester - San Francisco
Client: The Bean Coffee Co .
Website Overhaul
Led our student cohort in enhancing the user experience of our client’s website. Through Figma we pursued a holistic redesign of the website, and reworked the overall user experience throughout the product purchasing flow from landing page to checkout.
Digital Innovation Semester - Luxembourg
Client: Job Today Social
Media Campaign
Student cohort completed a project for Job Today, a European job finding platform where we were tasked with creating a social media marketing campaign for their platform’s launch in Luxembourg. The creation of the campaign plan included researching the demographics and other aspects involved in a full scope social media campaign in a highly diverse area. In execution we created Instagrams, Facebooks, TikToks, and other design components for each platform through figma. We also delivered with the guidelines on posting and other best practices to maximize exposure.
Digital Inn ovation Semester - Cincinnati
Client: WESSOL’s X-Stream
Clean Website Redesign
Student cohort took part in a client project for X-Stream Clean, an industrial sprayer vendor. We were tasked with creating modern branding and a design guide for their company. Working in a duo, we created the new website layout and design.
Contact this candidate