MORGANN BRIGHT
UI/UX DESIGNER
ada3ib@r.postjobfree.com
MorgannBright.myportfolio.com
941-***-**** Ammon, ID
https://www.linkedin.com/in/morgann-bright3135/
Energetic and highly motivated user interface (UI) and user experience (UX) designer with experience working on and successfully meeting goals of multiple projects at a time for high-proﬁle clients. Possess over eight years of team leadership expertise, including distributing teams on projects. Driven self-starter with a passion for visual design and a creative eye, particularly in the areas of iOS and mobile interface. I specialize in adding value to products through the design process. My interface solutions are clever, adaptive, trendy and always created with the user in mind.
CORE COMPETENCIES User Research
User Flow Charts
Web Design
Wireframing
Prototyping
Product Development
Client Engagement
Digital Applications
Digital Creative Process
UI/UX DESIGNER
Sketch
Adobe Creative Suite
InDesign
Illustrator
PowerPoint
Publisher
PhotoShop
Invision
Flinto
TECHNICAL
PROFICIENCIES
FREELANCE UX/UI DESIGNER
Remote/Contract (2018)
Added to my previous experience in graphic design, project managemnt and working with distributed teams. With a keen eye for functionality and natural modern aethetic I consistantly created beautiful, innovated interfaces that are based on intuitive user testing and research. My mobil apps and websites have proven to delght users and add value to excisting products.
• applied the concepts of visual communication to an industry of innovation
• Created website, logo, iOS apps, Android apps, presentations for large groups
• Regularly developed low-mid-high ﬁdelity wireframes, user personas, prototypes, mockups, interactive designs, annimation
• A/B Testing, SWOT research, user ﬂow charts, market anaysis, target demographic marketing
PROJECT MANAGER
Century21-HighDesert Realtors, Idaho Falls, Idaho (2015) Managed all media marketing, company website, social media accounts, and special projects for over 30 agents.
• Created ad for local newspaper on weekly basis, as well as ads, banners, emails, and ﬂyers.
• Identiﬁed buyer types and demographics through conducting thorough research.
• Developed an exceptional understanding and knowledge of visual appeal. PROFESSIONAL
EXPERIENCE
EDUCATION
CERTIFICATIONS &
TRAINING
BACHELOR OF ARTS IN APPLIED PSYCHOLOGY
Florida Institute of Technology, Melbourne, Florida December 2017
UX Designer (online), Interaction Design Foundation, 2019 Certiﬁcation of User Interface (online), CareerFoundry, 2019
Contact this candidate