SKILLS
Wireframing
Prototyping
Interaction Design
Visual Design
User Research
Information Architecture
Sitemapping
Usability Testing
A/B Testing
Animation
Mobile Design
Web Design
Collaboration
Interpersonal Skills
Detail Oriented
Active Listening
User Empathy
TOOLS
Adobe XD
Sketch
Figma
Balsamiq
InVision
Zeplin
Pen & Paper
Montclair State University
BA in Psychology, minor in Business 2011 - 2015
Originally studied industrial/organizational psychology, which is similar to UX design but focuses on improving employee satisfaction and turnover rate, rather than end users.
CareerFoundry
User Experience Design Certiﬁcation 2018 - 2019
600+ hours of intensive training that included three projects with workable prototypes.
Lead the case study and design of a travel prototype and a real- estate prototype that included user research, usability testing, low to high-ﬁdelity wireframes, A/B testing, interaction design, iconography, and typography.
EDUCATION
UI/UX Designer — KidGenius, Childcare Software
Galloway, NJ (Remote) Mar 2019 - Present
Designed and shipped a mobile app in an agile environment for parents that allowed them to see their children's daily activities. Improved user engagement by interviewing daycares to rework information architecture, user stories, and user tasks. Redesigned website for both the parents and the daycare to give a smoother interaction, reduced average users clicks by 20. Collaborated with developers, designers, and active users to ensure the product meets the user's needs.
Crisis Counselor — The Women's Center, Linwood
Linwood, NJ Nov 2015 - Mar 2017
Provided weekly crisis counseling to victims of assault and their companions, maintained caseload of 8 clients per week. Liaised between victim, medical sta, and law enforcement during a rape kit to ensure that everything works in the victim's best interest. Designed crisis department's ﬂyers and calendars for community events and our county's advocacy coalition.
Conducted user surveys after every 3 counseling sessions and user interviews during a victim's initial call for an assessment. WORK EXPERIENCE
http://evacheung.design
adakb6@r.postjobfree.com
908-***-****
Vancouver, BC
linkedin.com/in/evalynncheung
UI/UX Designer with a background in psychology and business who excels at wireframing and user interviews. A passionate designer who's goal is to continuously create intuitive and engaging experiences for all users.
EVA CHEUNG
Contact this candidate