Shadi Davarian
647-***-**** King William Crescent, Richmond Hill, ON L4B0C1
www.shadidavarian.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/shadi-davarian/

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

5+ years of experience creating personas, user journeys, developing sitemaps and constructed wireframes
enabling effortless navigation.
Experience working with B2B and B2C organizations.
Experience utilizing the following UX/UI Design tools: Axure, Sketch, Balsamiq, InVision, Photoshop,
Illustrator, InDesign, Inkscape, and MS Office.
Working experience in designing and executing Usability Testing to address problems.
Working experience in UX guidelines and accessibility legislation (AODA/WCAG).
Strong problem-solving skills, work well in team environments, excellent interpersonal skills
Excellent communication skills, ambitious, quick learner, a team player
Strong organization skills and ability to work in a fast-paced environment, able to prioritize projects and
timelines.

EDUCATION

Master of Digital Experience Innovation 2016 - 2017
University of Waterloo
GPA: 3.90/4

Master of Digital Art 2008 - 2011
Art University of Isfahan
GPA: 4/4

Bachelor of Digital Arts 2003 - 2007
University of Science and Culture
GPA: 3.90/4

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Research: Qualitative and Quantitative Research, Usability-Lab Studies, Eye tracking,
Ethnographic Field Studies, Card Sorting, A/B Testing, True-Intent Studies

Information Architecture: Research, Strategy, Management, Information Relationship,
Information Organization, Navigation

Wireframing: Main Information, Structure and Layout, Visual and Description of the User
Interface

Prototyping: Sketching, Paper Prototypes, Low & High Fidelity Prototypes, Interactive
Prototypes

Visual Communication: Layout, Color, Iconography, Typography, Design Theory, Callouts, Space, Data,
Illustration, Simplicity

Tools: Axure, Sketch, Adobe Creative Suite (Illustrator, Photoshop, After Effects, InDesign),
InVision, Balsamiq, Microsoft Office, Inkscape
PM Methodologies: Agile, Scrum

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

UX/UI Designer – Scotiabank Wealth Management, Toronto May 2019 – Present

• Balanced business goals, customer needs, and technological capabilities to create solutions that are scalable and future-proofed for Wealth Brokerage at Scotiabank.
• Made the components as per accessibility guidelines - WCAG (2.0 & 2.1), W3C, AODA.
• Created UI designs from sketch to delivery, iterating based on user research and feedback loops.
• Rapidly prototyped ideas in order to share concepts and learn from users.
• Produced UX and visual design deliverables, including user flows, wireframes, high-fidelity mockups, and interactive prototypes.
• Communicated design rationale, user experience issues, and user-centered design practices.
• Translated customer data and insights into design decisions, improvements, and opportunities.
• Implemented existing design patterns, style guides, and accessibility guidelines, while contributing to their continuous improvement.
• Provided feedback to developers and researchers to ensure accessible designs and specifications are clearly defined.
• Was responsible for conducting the accessibility testing on Scotiaonline website.

Technical Skills: Axure, Sketch, Axe and Wave for accessibility testing, Photoshop, Illustrator, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint

UX/UI Designer – Veriday Inc., Mississauga Sep 2018 – Feb 2019

• Designed the “Retailer portal” of Parkland Fuel Corporation (one of the biggest independent fuel companies in North America).
• Designed dashboards with various functionalities for different groups of employees within the organization.
• Created personas and user journeys through user research and data.
• Made strategic design and user-experience decisions related to core and new functionalities and features.
• Facilitated client’s products visions by research, scenario identification and wireframing.
• Created digital prototypes using Adobe XD.
•Created intuitive UI Design considering the UX guidelines and accessibility legislation (AODA/WCAG).
• Created high and low fidelity, user-friendly and intuitive wireframes on Adobe XD.
• Done UX writing to help ease the communication between the users and the digital product.
• Explored the latest industry trends to identify and implement attractive and user-friendly UI on the created wireframes and designs.
Technical Skills: Adobe XD, Photoshop, Illustrator, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint

User Experience Designer – Royal Consulting Services, Richmond Hill Feb 2018 – Aug 2018

Designed and implemented the company's website using Axure.
Communicated with users to understand needs and provided interface enhancement.
Conducted usability testing.
Collaborated with technical staff when user-desired changes were out of scope.
Created a digital marketing campaign based on findings on the market research.
Created and managed the company's social media platforms.
Technical Skills: Axure, Sketch, Photoshop, Illustrator, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint

UX/UI Researcher and Designer - The Game Institute - University of Waterloo Jan 2017 – May 2017

Researched the trend of modern UX/UI design and made recommendations based on those trends and best practices.
Worked closely with the product team in an Agile/Scrum workflow to design visually - compelling and highly usable computer games.
Designed User interfaces for games.
Designed characters and objects for games.
Conducted usability testing for some computer games.
Technical Skills: UX Recorder, Photoshop, Illustrator, Inkscape, Digital Sketch Pad

UX/UI Designer – Persian Bank, Tehran Aug 2015 – Aug 2016
Increased the sign-up rate of the bank`s website and mobile app by 30% in a year, by designing a user-friendly website and mobile application.
Participated in observational studies, usability testing and other customer research.
Created sketches, wireframes, prototypes, scenarios and storyboards.
Designed a mobile application for both Android and iOS .
Built interactive demos of the application in After Effects.
Created High Fidelity Prototype using Axure.
Collaborated closely with project and development teams to ensure design intent is achieved.
Created journey maps to show and tell the steps required to complete simple or complex tasks.
Technical Skills: Sketch, Axure, Balsamiq, After Effects, Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint

UX/UI Designer – Pasargad Bank, Tehran Aug 2014 – Aug 2015
• Collaborated with multidisciplinary teams on executive level projects to ensure the product follows stakeholders’ vision while retaining the bank’s app standards.
• Delegated tasks to QAs, programmers, visual designers and copywriters to facilitate end-to-end completion of projects.
• Created high level designs, user flows and detailed wireframes for agile projects with time-sensitive deadlines.
• Provided interactive high fidelity prototypes that served as an appropriate research stimulus for user testing sessions.
• Created a mobile app for both Android and iOS, and web sitemaps to demonstrate information architecture rules and design principles that served as a reference for third-party vendors and the internal Pasargad bank digital channels team.
Technical Skills: Photoshop, Illustrator, InVision, Mockups, MS Office

UX/UI Designer – Hyperstar Retail Corporation, Tehran May 2013 – Aug 2014
Researched new User Interface paradigms developed and maintained style guidelines to support mobile and web interface.
Ideated, produced, and presented project deliverables such as user flows, wireframes, and concept designs to demonstrate new features, dialogs, and other visual elements in the project.
Facilitated the client’s product vision by researching, conceiving, sketching, prototyping and user-testing experiences for digital products.
True team player, well versed in working with diverse people in the same team.
Worked on fast-paced projects, requiring attention to detail and working with constrained timelines.
Technical Skills: Photoshop, Illustrator, InVision, PoP, MS Office

Digital Marketing (Internship) – Media One Creative Inc., Toronto May 2017 – Aug 2017
Monitored competitor social media activity, websites and email newsletters.
Targeted customers through the use of social media.
Designed and tested (A/B testing) drip campaigns.
Improved the company’s social media marketing. Increased their website traffic by %200 in 3 months.
Designed email layouts for the company.
Created blog posts and newsletter schedule for marketing purposes.
Designed and implemented usability testing.
Made a 12 months marketing plan for the company.
Technical Skills: Salesforce, Vidyard, Photoshop, Illustrator, Prezi, MS Excel, MS Word, MS PowerPoint

Teacher/Instructor – Guilan University, Guilan/ Dr.Moein Educational Complex, Tehran Sep 2007 – March 2013
Taught Design Thinking (research, ideation, iteration, prototyping, revision)
Taught Sketching, general graphics layout, technical drawing and scaling (Orthographic and Isometric)
Worked in course development and taught multiple mediums: Mixed Media, Digital Art, Painting, Drawing, Sculpture, Photography, Art History, and History of Photography
Arranged exhibitions for students and managed the event.
Technical Skills: Sketching, Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, MS Office
Contact this candidate