Alireza Tinai Tehrani
Visual Designer, Marketing & Branding
**** – 89 McGill St., Toronto, ON, M5B 0B1 • 416-***-**** • adc3kv@r.postjobfree.com Profile:
Well-versed visual designer and marketing professional. Strong foundation in design principles, design research and human experience, layout design, composition, animation, typography and understanding the elements of design, media production, print press, photography, videography, filmmaking and customer service, complemented by academic knowledge of business operations branding and user experience. Adaptive and conversant with different fast-paced operational environments. Familiar with responsive design principles and frameworks. Excellent project management and problem-solving skills to implement feedbacks and to balance competing priorities and meet multiple deadlines. Key Skills:
Excellent communication and time management skills. Open to feedback and new responsibilities, continuous learner, reliable, punctual and collaborative team member.
Comfortable with Mac OS and PC.
Adaptive to new technologies and design tools.
Digital design, print press & packaging, illustration, publication, signage and motion graphics for interactive media and web production.
Marketing, branding, project management, organizational, problem-solving and critical thinking skills.
DSLR photography, image manipulation and retouching.
Languages: English (CLB 8), Turkish, Hindi, Urdu, Farsi

Software:
Design Tools: Adobe Photoshop, Lightroom, InDesign, Illustrator, Flash, Photoshop Elements, Corel Draw, Sketch, Microsoft Office Suite, HTML, Figma.
Editing Tools: Adobe Premier Pro, After Effects, Final Cut Pro, Sony Vegas. Portfolio:
www.alirezatina.wixsite.com/tinagraphic/work
www.linkedin.com/in/alireza-tina
http://www.instagram.com/allentinat
Experience:
Livelihood Project (Non-profit) Toronto, ON
Designer, Head of Digital, Marketing and Social Media Aug 2019 – Nov 2019
Creative content and strategy creation across web and social media platforms and events.
Monitor and reply to community feedbacks and testimonials.
Successfully managed online orders and inventory, reducing the delivery time by %80.
Reported extra 30% in sales by implementing Digital Marketing strategies for “Toronto is for Everybody” Campaign.
Tina Graphic Canada, India, Turkey
Art Director, Freelance Designer, Founder 2010 – Present
Design, production, marketing and selling of advertising & marketing materials to various businesses.
Proactive liaising with clients to decipher needs, and procure marketing strategies focused on niche consumer market and to deliver best results in the campaign life-cycle.
Defined the design language, theme and concepts, labelling and packaging, brochures, signage, flash ads, Out-of-home advertising and banners for digital marketing, TV commercials, websites and events.
Successful product design and implementation of branding strategies for trade-shows and exhibitions.
Production of award-winning documentary movies.
Increased production speed by %60 implementing project management tools for creative campaigns. GEM TV Production Turkey
First Assistant Director, Script Supervisor 2015 – 2017
Conducted script analysis and contributed to script changes along with the directors. Drew up the overall shooting schedule and call sheets, making production plan more cost efficient by 60 per cent.
Coordinated and supervised the cast and crew by making daily schedules and following up.
Supervised second AD throughout their duties.
Provided regular progress reports to the Production Office. ASNA Advertising Group Middle East
Co-Founder, Graphic Designer and Videographer 2003 – 2010
Content creation for commercials and art projects. Shooting, editing, colour correction, VFX and sound.
Synchronized videography and live editing for large events.
Hiring and supervising crew, production artists, designers, photographers, illustrators, printers, and production team, and training of creative support staff as needed.
Smoothly prioritized and completed multiple design projects in a team of 8 and fast-paced environment.
Conceived, designed & produced ads, videos, DVD packaging, Web sites and collaterals. Tehrani Printing Middle East
Manager, Graphic Designer, Print Production Supervisor 2000 – 2011
Successful completion of pre-print assignments: planning, follow-through, and adequate coordination, resulting to meet client’s objectives and increase in company’s profit by 50%.
Supervising staff, scheduling, organizing, directing and reviewing workflow, and training new personnel. Toronto International Film Festival Toronto, ON
Guest Experience Assistant Sep 2019
Greeted and assisted guests and guided them through the festival program and ticketing. Handed out member cards, answered questions and provided directions. Canadian Film Centre Toronto, ON
Finance Team and Raffle Ticket June 2019
Responsible for promotion and sales of fundraising raffle tickets. Accountable for all funds collected during selling period, and reconciling cash total against electronic handheld device (POS & Square).
Ensured that accurate contact details are obtained for every sale. Inside Out Film Festival Toronto, ON
Guest Experience Assistant May 2019
Assisted the filmmakers and industry members at the guest desk and guided them through the programs and ticketing. Handed over member badges and guest benefit envelopes, answered questions and provided information to those visiting from out of town.
Assisted in festival parties in ticket selling and scanning and photo booth. Qualifications:
UX/UI Design Certificate 2020 - Present
University of Toronto
MBA in Media Management 2011 – 2014
Annamalai University, Mumbai, INDIA
Graphic Design, Photography 2011 – 2014
B.D. Somani Institute, Mumbai, INDIA
Film Production 2013
SAE Institute of Film Making, Bangkok, THAILAND
Pre-Production, Print, Post-Print 2009
Heidelberg Co.
Quality Management in Printing 2009
Offset Press Co.
Contact this candidate