GAYLE VIVONA
Alameda, CA ***** Phone: 510-***-****
Email: adcivq@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/GayleLVivona Portfolio: https://www.designimpact.xyz/
UX-UI Designer leveraging a background in technical writing, software test design and fine art. Excellent verbal and written communication. Skilled at simplifying complex issues. Seasoned collaborator on local and global teams. Integral member of a team to successfully simplify, modernize and create responsive websites for various projects, including re-designed process flows, layout, and rebranding. Fine arts background and strong skills in user experience (UX) and user interface (UI) design makes me a valuable addition to any team. Experienced remote worker.
Technical Skills
UX-UI protocols: guerilla testing, remote testing, phone interviews, card sorting, storyboarding, wireframing, flowcharts, mockups.
UX-UI Tools: Sketch, Adobe XD, Illustrator, Miro, Trello, InVision.
UX-UI Languages: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, markdown. Competencies
Technical Writing, including reference guides, training materials, bulletins, help text.
Expert in software development life cycle using Agile, Hybrid Agile or Waterfall methodologies.
Creative problem solving, collaboration, empathy, curiosity.
Test script design, execution and defect resolution.
Outside sales: mortgage loan products.
Education
UX-UI Certificate: University of California, Berkeley Extension, San Francisco CA, 01/2020 Bachelor of Science, Fine Arts: Illinois State University, Normal IL Projects
EYE-tinerary https://www.designimpact.xyz/work/american-portraiture-lcmgw Design concept for a San Francisco travel mobile app for the blind and visually impaired.
Goal: Create a web app with a focus on accessibility
Role: UX and UI designer from concept to proto-type.
Tools: Adobe XD, InVision, Miro, Whimsical, Placeit US Forest Service https://www.designimpact.xyz/work/chotto-motto-te54s Website and mobile redesign concept for the US Forest Service
Goal: Eliminate clutter, improve navigation and focus on the primary user, visitors to national parks and grasslands.
Role: co-UX and UI designer from user research and low fidelity to high fidelity wireframes.
Tools: Adobe XD, Miro, Trello, Google Suite, InVision GAYLE VIVONA
East Bay Bike https://www.designimpact.xyz/work/the-ruse-pn2x3 Website and mobile redesign concept for East Bay Bike
Goal: Modernize the look, improve navigation and focus on primary actions: becoming a member, donating, signing up to volunteer, and signing up to take classes.
Role: co-UX and UI designer from site evaluation to user research, to creating low fidelity and high fidelity wireframes. I focused on the Volunteer user flow.
Tools: Adobe XD, Trello, Placeit
Dapper Dog Pet Salon https://sepia-contrabass-nyaw.squarespace.com/ Website and mobile design concept for a pet salon with focus on UI (User Interface Design).
Goal: Create a complete website using a template service (Squarespace), but also create an animation video and customize the template.
Role: UX and UI designer from concept to completion
Tools: Squarespace, Adobe XD, QuickTime, iMovie, Wistia, Canva, Hotjar, Placeit, pen and pencil. Work Experience
Software Quality Assurance, Bank of America 04/10 – 05/18
Subject Matter Expert for mapping data fields from the legacy origination and fulfillment platform to the new platform, ensuring data and functionality was not lost when operations were transferred to the new system, reducing operating costs by 40%.
Lead QA for a 3-year government compliance project, which touched all aspects of mortgage origination and fulfillment, including documents, pricing, calculations for disclosures, servicing, and more. Completed ahead of schedule.
Managed development of training materials, which due to popularity, became an online user guide that was updated with each code release.
Technical writer that translated code changes into layman’s language for end-users for each code release.
Wrote and maintained help information, which reduced help desk calls by 50%.
Contact this candidate