Maya Nafei
UI / UX Designer
Highly innovative and passionate Product Designer. I love my work with ability to develop new ideas and innovate solutions to problems. I am an all-round design nutter who keeps up with the industry its developments and is always eager to learn new trades. I have passion for design that pushes me always to try and learn something new. Capabilities include:
Product Design Figma
UI/UX design Sketch
UX Research Invision
Visual Design Wireframes
Prototyping Design System
Research & Analytics HTML / CSS
Professional Experience
Created wireframes from a blend of written specifications, verbal descriptions. Created UI concept based on ideation and high-level requirements, low-fidelity, hi-fidelity prototypes.
RealEstate Startup
Redesign of Airbnb
October 2019 - Present
Personal project - 2019
Conducted interviews with end users and translated user habits and expectations to the design.
Produced high-quality user interfaces and visual designs from concept to launch on web and mobile applications.
Studied UI/UX Design at Brainstation college, Toronto, ON (Summer 2019) Studied Bachelor of Architecture at Azad University, Iran Education
Interest
Music Travel Puzzle Game
In my past life, I was an Architect/Interior designer. I have a bachelor of architecture from Iran and more than 6 years experience . I often found myself using creative solutions to save time, energy and money. My interest in the past career was fueled by a life-long desire to understand and connect with people from different backgrounds. Past life experience
Architect - Interior Designer - (2012 - 2018)
addc8e@r.postjobfree.com maryamnafei.com
Researched and identified problems through people talks and user research in the industry. Designed and validated workflows and interfaces. Conducted user-centered research and create personas, scenarios and user stories to optimize user journeys.
Focused on improving readability, utility, and overall UX. Designed UI, design system for web and mobile applications. Designed high-quality user interfaces and visual designs – from concept to end on web and mobile applications.
647-***-****
Contact this candidate