MARYNA BILAN, UI/UX Designer
WORK EXPERIENCE EDUCATION
SKILLS
Low to High Fidelity Design & Prototyping
Wireframing
User Research
Persona
Usability Testing
Responsive Design
Iconography
Style Guides
TOOLS
Adobe XD
Adobe Photoshop
Adobe Illustrator
Adobe InDesign
Adobe Lightroom
HTML, CSS, Java Script
ABOUT ME
Self-managing
Details oriented
Fast learner
Delivery-focused
Montgomery County Community College
2017 – 2020 Pensilvania, USA
AAS, Interactive Media: Web Design Concentration
Cumulative GPA: 4.0/4.0
Mykhailo Ostrohradskyi National University
1995 – 2000 Kremenchuk, Ukraine
MS, Enterprise economy
Cumulative GPA: 4.0/4.0
Projects
20018 – 2020 Philadelphia, PA
• Website for actual family chiropractic. I designed for them a new brand. Working in a team I was responsible for competitor research, user interviews, site functionality, sitemap, wireframing, hi-fi prototyping, responsive design.
• Redesigned complex UX problems for the Ukrainian Embassy website. I effectively improved usability through prioritizing the content, information accessibility, facilitating information retrieval in a complicated structure, using iconography, and modernizing the aesthetic visuals. ORBIS-T, Software Engineer
2007 – 2008 Kharkiv, Ukraine
Key responsibilities:
• accomplished the efficient process of installing, customizing and adapting
«1C» software to user needs,
• gathered, evaluated user requirements and further developed features of
«1C» software in accordance with these requirements and user needs,
• effectively trained and advised users of the use of «1C» programs. Key achievements:
• received additional accounting education for more effective work with clients, a better understanding of their problems, and their needs,
• handled more than 10 clients at the same time: installed, developed and delivered projects, trained users.
Kiber Plast, Economist
2005 – 2006 Kremenchuk, Ukraine
Key responsibilities:
Calculated the cost of production, drove 100% HR and international road transport documentation, assisted to an accountant. Kremenchuk Wheel Plant, Economist
2000 – 2005 Kremenchuk, Ukraine
Key responsibilities:
• calculated the cost of production, direct and indirect costs, production plan,
• analyzed the monthly and annual indicators of economic activity of the enterprise and its divisions.
Key achievements:
• automated data processing, thus reducing the spent time from several hours to several minutes,
• trained employees (5 people) how to use software from scratch. www.marynabilan.com
addwok@r.postjobfree.com
484-***-****
Contact this candidate