ELISE MARZOLF
*** ****** **** **** #***
Vista, CA 92081
elisemarzolf.myportfolio.com
adevjp@r.postjobfree.com
831-***-****
OBJECTIVE
Pursuant of a UX/UI design position where my passion to inspire through seamless physical and digital products can be utilized. Dedicated to providing value to clients and coworkers through effective communication, attention to detail, proactive problem solving, and an unfaltering positive attitude. Driven for the opportunity to change people’s lives through the application of psychological theories and concepts, meaningful user-centered designs, and engaging solutions that support client needs, transform emotional experiences, and activate desired action. Adobe Creative Suite
• Illustrator
• Photoshop
• XD
• InDesign
• After Effects
• Premier
• Dreamweaver
• Acrobat
Sketch
Figma
InVision
Principle
Axure
Lucidchart
Microsoft Office Suite
CSS, HTML5
Roland VersaWorks
AVID Design & Print Studio Vista, CA (1/2015-Current) Owner/Founder
• Freelance all-in-one design, development, marketing, film, and print studio. Individually started, owned, and operated company constantly integrating new software, techniques, and skills to meet diverse clientele needs.
• Learned to maintain and self-operate large complex machinery to print art, clothing, and 3D designs.
o Provided Services: Graphic design, web development and design
(journey mapping, wireframing, prototyping, implementation), wide format printing and cutting, marketing material design and production, full apparel line design and production, 3D embroidery, filming of final products for online stores and web applications, photo editing and mounting applications, printed and stretched canvas, animated advertisements and infographics, retail displays, decals and vehicle wraps, social media content creation and management.
o Clientele Examples: OCG Properties, OCG Capital, DGE Associates, Voodoo Auto Sports, San Marcos Transmission, IV Lift, Merli Concrete Pumping, San Diego Sheriff’s Department, Lucky 7 Ranch, Active Duty Passive Income, Gamble Electric, Electric Construction, Fly Easy Skydiving, Hanson Fishing. KEY SKILLS
EDUCATION
Master of Science in Psychology
Capella University
San Diego, CA
1/2019-5/2020
GPA 4.0/4.0
EXPERIENCE
Bachelor of Business
Marketing Communications
San Diego State University
San Diego, CA
8/2012-5/2014
GPA 3.15/4.0
Associate in Business Admin
Cabrillo College
Aptos, CA
8/2009-12/2011
GPA 3.6/4.0
Electric Construction San Diego, CA (1/2019-4/2020) Operations, Design, and Marketing Manager
Design and Marketing Responsibilities:
• Developed and produced all company graphics and logos.
• Provided all UX research prior to web development (including customer personas, journey mapping) and subsequent execution of wireframes, visual designs, final implementation, and ongoing web maintenance.
• Designed and produced all company clothing, wide-format logo prints for company vehicles, employee business cards, brochures, printed mailers, pop-up displays, and PDF forms and documents for official use.
• Managed marketing and content through Yelp and social media platforms.
Operations Responsibilities:
• Responsible for new business acquisitions throughout San Diego County. Researched and executed new license acquisitions while saving company over 37% on Responsible Managing Officer fees.
• Installed and monitored lines of credit and payment plans with vendors, subcontractors, and clients.
• Responsible for all insurance policy investigations, purchases, renewals, and verifications (saved the company over 60% on annual insurance costs within first two weeks of hire).
• Investigated and implemented appropriate software integrations and designed corresponding employee trainings.
• Provided accounting services, book keeping, and QuickBooks maintenance and integration. Drafted and executed weekly payrolls.
• Organized client and employee scheduling.
• Designed and implemented code appropriate safety trainings.
• Responsible for employee recruiting and processing of new hires.
• Annual Salary: $90,000
Bioventus Orthobiologics Southern California (10/2014-12/2017) Territory Sales Representative (Fracture Healing System CPT E0760)
• Sold and educated orthopedic doctors on three separate products: EXOGEN (fracture healing system CPT E0760), Supartz (3 series viscosupplementation J7321), and GELSYN (3 series
viscosupplementation J7328).
• Fit patients in hospitals with durable medical equipment. Ensured patient’s vitals were stable and that they were comfortable with the device and its function.
• Prepared clinical documentation for authorization with all necessary insurance carriers. Ensured all FDA and HIPPA regulations were followed and protected.
• Led meetings and educational/informational events for large groups of orthopedic surgeons and trauma physicians.
• Worked directly with orthopedic surgeons on proper use, function, and efficacy of device.
• Maintained an exceptionally high customer growth rate in a territory spanning over 200 miles in diameter. Consistently going above and beyond quota requirements for all products.
• Expert selling into hospitals, physician offices, contracts, and buying/billing products.
• Worked with patients post fitting to ensure proper device usage. Provided removal of casts, cleaning of incisions, changing of dressings, and home health care.
• Honored with “Sales Representative of the Year” award in 2017.
• Annual Salary: $130,000
Nordstrom Fashion Valley San Diego, CA (2013-2014) Salesperson/Consultant
Insphere Health Solutions San Diego, CA (2012-2013) Licensed Health Insurance Agent/Broker
Seascape Golf Course Restaurant Aptos, CA (2007-2012) Waitress/Cocktail Waitress
PORTFOLIO
elisemarzolf.myportfolio.com
COURSES
COM SCI X 418.102A
Website Development with Adobe:
Photoshop, Dreamweaver &
Animate
DESMA X 481.99AF
User Experience I: Survey
DESMA X 481.99FG
User Experience: Software
DESMA X 481.99Z
InDesign
DESMA X 481.99QT
Motion Graphics I
(After Affects)
DESMA X 481.47
Illustrator I
Canvas for the Cause
(2015-Current)
Owner/Founder
Utilized design studio AVID to
print art, clothing, and 3D designs
for charity sales with profits used to
raise awareness for mental illness.
NAMI
(2017-2018)
Volunteer
Assisted in set up and child care at
park event to raise awareness for
mental illness. Training to speak at
schools regarding mental illness
and ending the associated stigma.
GoFundMe
(2018)
Organizer
Raised $1200 to assist a recovering
anorexic pay for her sick dog’s
medical bills. Utilized GoFundMe,
Facebook, Instagram, and email
marketing methods.
CareExpress Urgent Care
(2015-2018)
Intern/Scribe
Assisting physicians and working
with clinical notes, medications,
diagnoses, and insurance while
maintaining both professionalism
and empathy with a wide matrix of
patients.
COMMUNITY
Contact this candidate