Joshua Barnes
UX UI Designer
joshuabarnesdesigns.com
linkedin.com/in/joshuaebarnes
adg180@r.postjobfree.com
845-***-****
Skills
Design
User Interviews
Contextual Inquiry
Affinity Mapping
Data Synthesis
Persona
Journey Mapping
User Flows
Information Architecture
Screen Design
Paper Sketching
Wireframing
Rapid Prototyping
Usability Testing
Tools
Sketch
Figma
InVision
Adobe Suite (PS, IL, ID)
Development
HTML/CSS/JS
PHP
XML
SQL
Python
React
Education
General Assembly
UX Design Immersive
Lehigh University
B.S. in Computer Science
and Engineering
About Me
With a background in programming, I always was drawn to the design aspect of visual interfaces. As a UX designer, I research, synthesize, and cultivate screen layouts to satisfy user needs and business goals. I use empathy and creativity to make an enjoyable, memorable, and productive user experience.
Experience
General Assembly
UX Design Immersive Student Jul 2020 - Oct 2020
• Learned the user experience design process, conducted interviews, synthesized affinity maps, sketched mockups, and tested prototypes.
• Re-designed e-commerce web application to increase marketability
• Restructured the client’s website’s information architecture to help their users seamlessly navigate through pages with other designers.
• Collaborated with my team remotely to create low, mid, and high- fidelity wireframes for mobile applications using grids and design tools. Foresters Financial
Mainframe Programmer Mar 2017 – Jul 2020
Junior Mainframe Programmer Mar 2016 – Mar 2017
• Oversaw and organized production updates, changes, and testing to current projects with documentation.
• Participated in daily morning standup meetings in the scrum process to effectively communicate the assigned deliverables’ status.
• Held a usability test on wireframes of CICS user interfaces to validate the design decisions were transparent and empathetic to user needs.
• Conducted contextual inquiries to synthesize insights about how consumers were navigating through the CICS screens. QuadGraphics
Software Developer Dec 2014 – Nov 2015
• Modified and maintained a web reporting service application by creating mockups that SQL reports populate in real-time.
• Implemented animation features in JavaScript to the existing HTML code to enhance the web page’s visual design.
• Assisted with improving the corporate web-based reporting application to use a deployment process which detects the current environment.
Contact this candidate