ANNA LUI
UX/UI DESIGNER
CONTACT
New York, NY
347-***-****
adh0d4@r.postjobfree.com
SKILLS
Product Management
Visual Design
Wireframing
User flows
HTML & CSS
Patternmaking
Production
Product Development
Accounting / Budgeting
Visual Merchandising
Fluent in Cantonese
TOOLS
Figma
Visual Studio
SAP
FlexPLM
WebPLM
Microsoft Office
GFE+
Adobe Photoshop
BlueCherry
Miro
EDUCATION
City University of New York
UX Design Certificate
JAN 2020 - JUN 2020
Fashion Institute of Technology
Patternmaking
SEPT 2015 - DEC 2015
Kingsborough College
Accounting Associates Degree
SEPT 2008 - JUN 2009
EXPERIENCE
ProntoPay/Consultant
MAY 2020-JUN 2020 – NEW YORK CITY
As a UX/UI design consultant, worked with a team of 4 designing a new feature for the company website. At the internship, worked on research, affinity mapping, user journey, personas, competitive research, wireframing, information architecture, user flow and a clickable prototype.
Brooks Brothers / Associate Product Development Manager MAR 2017 - APR 2019 – NEW YORK CITY
Managed development of close to 80% (more than 1000 SKUs) of products sold in store. Worked closely with internal team’s, research and development, designer, merchandiser, supply chain, technical design, sales and more. Daily communication with overseas team members. Direct contacts and communications with factories and mills to meet deadlines. Analyzed and negotiated costs for garments, fabrics, and trims to ensure target goals of IMU. Each season my target goals has always been met which helped the company in cost. Attended weekly fittings to monitor the approval process to ensure deadlines are met. Daily maintaining FlexPLM of products to have the most updated related information. Review and analyzed test reports to ensure standards are met within company guidelines. Maintain all samples coming in and out. Articulated deadline reports.
Diane von Furstenburg / Senior Product Development Manager MAY 2014 - MAR 2017 – NEW YORK CITY
Ran all domestic products for development. Monitor at least 10 domestic factories. Helped director run the in-house sample room. Monitor all fabrics and trims coming in and out of the office. Work closely with all team-members, designers, sample room (patternmakers, cutters, and sewers), trims, fabric, production, technical design, merchandisers, public relations and more. Have managed many celebrity outfits from MET gala to Michelle Obama. On top of domestic, worked with overseas team for public relation and production needs. Managed all garments coming from overseas and maintain deadline reports. Managed interns during our busy seasonal and as well as department budgeting
(department cost, credit cards and petty cash).
Ralph Lauren / Associate Production Manager
JUN 2010 - APR 2014 – NEW YORK CITY
Promoted from Coordinator to Associate. Managed all development and production. Worked closely with design, merchandiser, sales, logistics and compliance teams. Worked with systems, GFE+ for development and SAP for all production. Worked on costing and allocation to hit our target margin. Tracked and logged in reports from design comments, WIP to purchase orders. Attended fittings and monitoring all garments coming in and out. Monitored all deadlines from time and action calendar to ex-factories production dates. Troubleshoot anything from development to production.
Contact this candidate