Education
Skills
UX/UI Experience
Sridevi Chandrupatla
UX/UI Designer & Developer
Address San Jose, CA, 95135
Phone 408-***-****
E-mail adho7o@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn https://www.linkedin.com/in/sridevi-
chandrupatla/
WWW sridevichandrupatla.com
UX/UI Designer and Developer who creates meaningful product experiences for users. Intensive software engineering experience especially around UI development. Unique perspective and creative problem solving approaches.
UX/UI Design Certificate
UX/UI Design Certificate - Berkeley, CA
An intensive 24-week long boot camp dedicated to UX/UI Design. Master of Computer Applications: Computer Science
Bharathidasan University - India
Bachelor of Commerce: Computer Science
Kakatiya University - India
UX/UI: UI Design and Development, Visual Prototyping & Wireframing, Web Prototyping, User-Centric Design Research, Typography and Color Theory, Interaction Design and Iconography, Style Guides, User Research and Personas, Responsive Web Design. Programming: HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, Webflow, jQuery, Agile Methodologies Tools: Figma, Adobe XD, Invision, Miro, Trello, Pixton, Gantt Chart Smart Pantry https://bit.ly/31NGSLD
Ultimate grocery planner to save food, money and time with alerts/notifications on expiring items. Smart Pantry helps users to plan grocery shopping lists, manage grocery inventory and recipe importers showing ingredients for shopping based on the inventory. Researched and identified the food wastage problem in most of the busy working households. Designed, prototyped mobile and web page application. Developed a single webpage of “Smart Pantry” application.
Tools: Figma, Miro,Gantt chart, HTML5, CSS, Bootstrap 4, Github, VS Code, Repl.it Work History
Adopt A Star https://bit.ly/2E5YV7p
Rich animated and inspired by night sky dark theme website redesigned for a non profit organization “Adopt A Star”. “Adopt A Star”is a non-profit organization website dedicated to raising funds for the Kepler/TESS Asteroseismic Science Consortium, a group of astronomers studying Earth-like planets and their stars. Performed thorough user research on the user experience of the website. Identified the problems, redesigned to better connect with its users, including building a more descriptive information architecture.
Designed visually engaging user Interface and developed a coherent visual language. Developed an interactive prototype with a rich color scheme and enhanced typography and iconography.
Tools: Figma, Miro, Trello, Pixton.
Barscape https://bit.ly/2XY8oFa
“Barscape” is a mobile application that helps bar goers find and search for bars based on their personal preferences.
Conducted user research, brainstormed ideas for various features to include. Designed and developed mobile prototype.
Tools: Figma, Miro, Trello.
CA-DMV https://bit.ly/3fV5SFN
Redesigned and revamped government website “California DMV” with resolved content issues based on user priorities and navigation accessibility issues. Performed user experience testing, identified the content and user navigation problems. Redesigned the user flow and information architecture. Designed a user centric responsive high-fidelity mockups and clickable prototypes for Mobile, Tablet and web page with rich colors and typography.
Tools: Figma, Miro, Trello, Invision
2018-06 -
2020-07
Senior .NET Applications Developer
Abbott Diabetic Care, Alameda, CA
Designed the front-end user Interface for the universal Upload Utility(UUU) Software Application Suite for Abbott's FreeLibre Diabetic system. Lead for front-end UI development, data management and report generation. Created new features and demonstrated products to the end users and stakeholders to know the issues and to get the feedback.
Worked with product management and hardware engineers to work on integrations using Agile methodology.
2008-05 -
2018-03
Senior .NET Applications Developer
Kratos Defense & Security Solutions Inc., Santa Clara, CA Worked on the enterprise networked carrier monitoring system called Monics. Monics is a highly distributed application suite which provides monitoring capability to satellite Operations and Service Providers.
Designed and developed several key C# .Net applications for the Monics suite. Worked closely with product management, PO, and architecture leads. Responsible for all aspects of the application including UI design, backend processes, database access and test automation.
Worked closely with senior management to lead the company's agile transformation.
Contact this candidate