SOOBIN JEONG
UX/UI DESIGNER
SKILLS
Researc h
User Flo w
User Interview and Testin g
Wireframin g
Interaction Desig n
Prototypin g
Responsive Desig n
Video Editing
DESIGN TOOLS
Sketc h
InVisio n
Figm a
Axur e
Final Cut Pr o
Adobe Photosho p
Adobe Illustrator
EXPERIENCE
Improved usability and accessibility through user research and testing discovery . Designed and prototyped a web platform for heavy data visualization in Figma . Provided a design solution with an interactive dashboard that increased comprehension and usage .
Managed client interaction and deliverables to meet their needs and business goals. ONE Jeanswear Group, Production Associate
Neural Trend, UX/UI Designer
New York, May 2019 - Mar 2020
Chicago, Jun 2020 - Jul 2020, Nov 2020 - Present
Responsible for sampling garments and handled bulk production . Coordinated with Production, Sales, and Design teams for any cross-functional orders and projects.
PROJECTS
Flatiron School, UX/UI Designer
New York, Feb 2020 - Jul 2020
Schoolhaus (Project 1)
Conducted user research and testing to make the flow of a new platform . Developed microinteractions to increase user engagement . Organized the navigation system and designed a holistic user interface for a better user experience.
Move (Project 2)
Designed a mobile-friendly application that enabled users to complete their workouts efficiently .
Created user flows and wireframes to help simplify, streamline and optimize design gaps. Produced a full set of high-fidelity screens, a prototype, and a comprehensive design system.
EDUCATION
UX/UI Design, Flatiron School
New York, Feb 2020 - Jul 2020
South Korea, Mar 2011 - Feb 2016
B.A. of Clothing and
Business Administration,
SUNGSHIN Women's University
SUMMARY
User Experience and Interface Designer with a background in fashion. My passion lies in creating clean designs that are easy to use. I like prototyping as it helps me think through interactions between flows and new possibilities. CONTACT
adi1vd@r.postjobfree.com
www.soobindesign.com
www.linkedin.com/in/soobinjeong
Contact this candidate