Divya Thomas
UX UI Design Intern
MIM SOFTWARE INC.
Led the user centred design of two new features of the MIM's employee tracking website, CORE.
Collaborated with design team, engineers, executives and stakeholders to successfully implement and launch these designs.
Part of design critiques within the team where I received and provided feedback and worked on continuous iterations/ improvements. Assisted in MIM's radiology platform designs.
Worked on user ﬂows, prototyping and visual polish. MAY 2020 - MAY 2O21
Cleveland, OH, USA
https://www.linkedin.com/in/divyathomasc/
+1-347-***-****
www.divyathomas.com
adi5w4@r.postjobfree.com
Experience
UX UI Designer
WIRECAMP INTERACTIVE LLP.
JUN 2018 - JUN 2019
Bengaluru, KN, India
Worked with the design team to understand the various clients' requirements and designing for mobile and responsive web by optimizing user experience and interface.
Worked closely with engineers and discussed updates with executives on the product.
Mentored interns to understand the design process and aided their development as a UX Designer.
Projects
Friends of Materials of Arts (MFTA)
UX RESEARCH STUDENT
Executed the user research of MFTA's web platform to identify usability issues by conducting usability tests, draft test scripts and perform test moderation. The user trafﬁc rose by 30% after the implementation of the proposed design changes.
JAN 2020 - MAY 2020
Manhattan, NY, USA
Hoptale
UX UI DESIGN STUDENT
Redesigned this iOS mobile app platform by documenting design use cases and decisions in a living style guide.
Explored a variety of design options before arriving at the best solution by analysing each.
JAN 2020 - MAY 2020
Manhattan, NY, USA
Global Indians
UX UI DESIGNER
Developed prototypes and worked closely with engineers to ensure the best implementation.
Created accessible and engaging user interfaces based on complex requirements and strict deadlines.
SEP 2018 - MAR 2019
Bengaluru, KN, India
CORE
UX UI DESIGN INTERN
Routinely conducted design reviews with other designers and stakeholders on the various features.
Simpliﬁed and distilled complex processes into intuitive experiences. Developed a connection between feedbacks from customers in order to quickly track down the root cause and solve the software issue. Built a quick user friendly way to create new tasks and activities. MAY 2020 - AUG 2020
Cleveland, OH, USA
Ms. Information Experience Design (IxD)
PRATT INSTITUTE
AUG 2019 - MAY 2021
Manhattan, NY, USA
This program provides a blend of the Information Science
(IS), Human-Computer Interaction (HCI), and User
Experience (UX) disciplines.
The IXD program educates to be well-rounded UX
professionals who are not just strong designers but also skilled researchers, communicators, strategists and developers.
Education
Bachelors in Architecture (B. Arch)
TKMCE
AUG 2013 - JUN 2018
Kollam, KL, India
Learned the design principles and building user centred design for built structures.
Researched on "Neuroarchitecture" psychological factors contributing to structural design for thesis.
Skills
Prototyping: Rapid prototyping Interactive ﬂow
Frameworks
HTML CSS JavaScript AngularJ Polymer
AngularJ Backbone Socket
Design: Illustration and UI Graphics User ﬂows
Concept Sketches Wireframes and Mock-ups
Motion Design Style guides and Pattern Library
Sketch Figma Invision Illustrator
Principle
Adobe XD
Research: Data Analysis Task Analysis and
Persona Hypothesis A/B Testing Cognitive
Walkthrough
Analytics Eye Tracking Tree testing
Sorting
Card
Qualitative and Quantitative
Research
Collaborating: Organizing Workshops Facilitating
Design Critiques Detail Oriented Flexible
Communicative Empathetic
User Experience Designer Visual Designer
Contact this candidate