TIM WANG
Product Designer
415-***-****
adij6n@r.postjobfree.com
San Jose, California
jun wang.com
STATEMENT
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
NOTABLE PROJECTS
SKILLS
EDUCATION
Cohome
User Research,
Usability Testing,
Information Architecture,
Storytelling, Prototyping,
Visual Design,
Product Marketing,
Front-end Development
TOOLS
Sketch, InVision
Adobe XD, AI, PS, AE, ID
Figma,
Jira
PROFILE
LinkedIn:
www.linkedin.com/in/timvsldesign/
Portfolio:
jun wang.com
May 2019 – Present
Product Designer
Work with designers and engineers to create a user-friendly interface for home buyers. Document the UX process for the development team using wireframes, ﬂow diagrams, storyboards, and high ﬁdelity prototypes.
Integrate qualitative feedback and business requirements into ongoing product experience updates.
Advocate for user centered changes, reﬁnements, and improvements. Web Design & New Media
Academy of Art
University
MA 2018 – 2020
GPA : 3.5
Industrial Design
Tung-Hai University
BA 2011 – 2015
GPA : 3.0
I am a creative thinker with skills in communicating and inﬂuencing product design strategy. I have 9 years of relevant design experience and am looking for new job opportunities. Citroën - Sponsored Project Sep 2019 – Dec 2019
UI/UX Designer
In charge of automotive UX/UI for app and interactive design on the team. Represented the department to cooperate with the industrial design department and interior architecture design department to innovate the overall experience of autonomous vehicles of 2025.
Paradise Design Sep 2019 – Dec 2019
Visual/3D Designer
Conceived and executed creative projects across digital and print to present the brands like P&G, Uniliver, etc.
Design campaign creatives across diﬀerent media channels for marketing initiatives Cra ed graphic elements and visual treatments
Created 3D artwork for sales tools and digital tools by Blender and cooperated with graphic designers
Netﬂix X Adobe Creative Jam Competition 2020
Earned recognition Top 15% out of 985 teams.
Led and collaborated with 2 UX designers to deliver an application in 48 hours for global competition with students from 3 countries. Designed platform that allows Netﬂix customers to invite friends to watch movies together, enabling real-time discussions and interactions. Activision X Adobe Creative Jam Competition 2020
Earned recognition Top 30 out of 750 teams.
Led and collaborated with 2 UX designers to deliver an application in 48 hours for global competition with students from 3 countries. Designed platform that allows Activision customers to join the game community.
Contact this candidate