Filarca Tinambac Camarines Sur, ****
+63-956-***-****, +63-967-***-****
adj3vr@r.postjobfree.com
Danny Boy Casimero
SKILLS
Flexible Designer with successful UX designs operating across numerous platforms. Versed in user experience development techniques for software and solutions ranging from website to mobile. Creates efficient, accessible UX frameworks for audiences ranging from technical novices to high-trained engineers.
Logical and result-driven Web Developer dedicated to building and optimizing user-focused websites for customers with various business objectives. Judicious and Creative when crafting effective websites, apps, and platforms propel competitive advantage and revenue growth. Technically proficient and analytical solver with calm and focused demeanor.
EXPERIENCE
Mergepoint System Solutions, Naga City, 4400 — Ui/ Ux Designer and Front-end Developer
Arpil 2018 - PRESENT
● Maximize system performance, enhancing end-user experience by applying interactive back-end development updates.
● Applied both quantitative and qualitative analysis techniques to continuously improve end-user experiences.
● Conceived and built optimized landing pages in HTML and CSS, including Vue.js integration and cross-browser compatibility, to support marketing.
● Monitored emerging UX design trends and practices for useful techniques and cutting-edge developments suitable for integration into future projects.
Freelance Computer Technician, Tinambac Camarines Sur, 4426 — Freelance Technician
January 2011 - Present
● Patched Software and installed a new version to eliminate security problems and protect data.
● Collaborated with vendors to locate replacement components and resolve advance problems.
● Used diagnostic tools to identify hardware failures and replace non-functional components.
● Configured hardware, devices and software to set up work stations for employees.
OWWA Camarines Sur, Naga City, 4400 — Internship Student July 2017 - March 2018
● Kept physical files and digitized records organized for easy updating and retrieval by authorized team members.
● Produced high-quality documents, spreadsheets and presentations for internal and customer-facing needs using MS Office suite.
● Interacted with customers professionally by phone, email or in-person to provide information and directed to desired staff members.
● Reported back to the instructor to receive day-to-day tasks and responsibilities.
EDUCATION
University of Nueva Caceres — Bachelor of Science in Computer Science
June 2017 - March 2018, Naga City 4400
Vocational: Computer Hardware Servicing NCII —Certificate of Completion
Jan 2010 - Dec 2011, Tinambac Camarines Sur 4426
AWARDS
Best in Senior Project - Developing a Tubig-Sili Game using a Multi-directional Pathfinding Algorithm
University of Nueva Caceres,2018
Contact this candidate