My name is Felix Flecha. I am a visual thinker, lover of technology, problem solver and innovator.
Design has been my very essence and at the core of my happiness. I constantly seek to help my clients create the ideal brand, experience, and feel for their business that is aligned with their vision and goals. I strive to always deliver a high-quality, meticulously crafted, masterpiece to all clients. Having fteen years of graphic design experience, I have chosen to further my skillset into UX/UI design. My professional life’s goal is to become a multi-talented, jack-of-all-trades, who possesses knowledge in the areas of design, technology, and dedication to detail. EDUCATION
WORK EXPERIENCE
SKILLS
General Assembly
User Experience Design Immersive
2020 - 2021
Pratt Insititute
Certification, Motion Graphics
2018 - 2019
Art Insititute of New York
B.A. Graphic Design
2002 - 2006
Sketch
Miro
Figma
Marvel
Adobe After Effects
Adobe Photoshop
Adobe lightroom
Adobe Illustartor
Adobe Dimension
Adobe Acrobat Pro
Squarespace
www.felixflecha.com
General Assembly
User Experience Design Fellow
Oct 2020 - Present
Argento SC
Graphic Designer / Package Designer
January 2020 - Pandemic
FELIX FLECHA
UX UI DESIGNER
917-***-****
adjo4q@r.postjobfree.com
linkedin.com/in/felixflecha/
Jersey City, New Jersey
Created competitive packaging designs with a ne-tooth approach that constantly took into consideration, target market, material, nish, weight, and user experience in a fast-paced enviroment.
Coordinated with cross functional teams to manage spec turnover within calendar, development status, and nal hand o to production. Passed specs to manufacturing partners on behalf of design and communicates daily with suppliers on questions and changes to specs, standards, and aids interpreting design needs.
Twist Intimate Group-Men’s Intimate Apparel
Graphic Designer / Package Designer
January 2019 - January 2020
Conducted competitive analysis to ensure brands stay competitive in marketplace. Collaborated with sales, marketing, and product team members to ensure nished design products were a collaborative e ort.
Entree Lifestyle, Men’s Clothing Apparel
Graphic Designer Lead
September 2011-December2019
Gatovalue Studios
Graphic Artist, My Personal Brand
December 2010-Present
Used market research when brainstorming and presenting new design, patterns, materials and colors for new lines.
Picked fabrics, colors, and vendor management to keep costs low and e cient but the quality still up to Entree standards.
Created promotional content for email blasts, social handles, and print consumption. Design various promotional marketing materials including, portrait illustrations, apparel, character design, logos, yers, motion graphics and marketing campaigns. Create custom designs for individual clients using spray cans, paint brushes and airbrush/free hand techniques on. Clothing, sneakers, snowboards and wall murals Acquired best practices within the UX design process, from user research and content strategy to wireframing, prototyping, and usability testing from General Assembly’s design advisory board and industry experts to meet evolving employer demands. Gained uency with the core UX techniques along with common industry vocabulary needed to tap into this fast-growing eld.
Completed numerous real-world portfolio projects with team collaboration for industry clients looking for cutting edge solutions.
Learned how to o er clients a great user experience to o er a competitive advantage, help keep customers loyal and drive product adoption and bottom-line growth.
Contact this candidate