Create a web-based VTS plugin interface and finding solutions for product
integration.
Designed an engaging onboarding flow for the existing website plugin to provide better usability to the existing product.
Worked with engineers and product managers in agile work environments. Built wireframes, prototypes, conducting user research, and usability testing.
EXPERIENCE
Jammy Instruments
UI Designer Contract Aug 2020 - Jan 2021
Analyze information on existing product and company information to ensure that design adheres to brand
Created a mobile version of the app-based on collected user research from the company.
Initiated user testing and made modifications to the prototype Designed the UI, style guide, and low/high fidelity wireframes. Subtrack App
UI/UX Designer Freelance Oct 2020 - Nov 2020
Designed the mobile app from beginning to end
Conducted competitive analysis, user research and created the heuristic evaluation
Created the user interface and implemented the style guide Made modifications on prototypes by gaining insights from usability testing results
Sarv App
UI/UX Designer Freelance Sep 2020 - Oct 2021
Creation of mobile app from start to end of the design phase. Conducted user research and usability tests to gain insight on how to improve the product.
Designed the UI, style guide, and low/high fidelity wireframes. Iterated various fidelity prototypes to test out the usability of the app Badge
UI/UX Designer Freelance Oct 2020 - Nov 2020
I'm a designer who is motivated by new
challenges. With a background in
graphic design & hospitality, I embrace
human-centered design and have a love
for clarity and simplicity. I have a
passion for creating UCD experiences to
make/allow people to learn, share and
connect.
PERSONAL PROFILE
Adobe XD
Photoshop
Figma
Webflow
Dimension
TOOLS I USE
Cell: 978-***-**-**
adjpce@r.postjobfree.com
www.volks.myportfolio.com
linkedin.com/in/volkankantar
Austin TX, 78750
CONTACT DETAILS
William Angliss Institue
Bachelors of Science - Commercial Cooking & Food Science Dec 2012 - Sep 2015
ACADEMIC HISTORY
Springboard
UX/UI Career Track Dec 2019 - Sep 2020
Wireframing & Prototyping
User Interface
Design Thinking
Design Strategy
Information Architecture
User Research & Interviewing
Product/Feature Validation
Gamification & Behavior
SKILLS
VOLKAN
KANTAR
U I / U X D E S I G N E R
P R O D U C T D E S I G N E R
Bilkent University
Associate of Science - Hospitality Management Dec 2007 - Sep 2009 Unity3D
Illustrator
After Effect
InVision
AR/VR
700+ hours of hands-on courses, with 1:1 expert mentor oversight, and completion of 4 in-depth portfolio projects. Includes Industry Design placement.
Contact this candidate