Raquel Durazo
San Diego, California, United States
Summary I was born in Ensenada, Mexico, and I've been living in San Diego since 2014. I am bilingual (fluent in English and Spanish), and hold a bachelor’s degree in graphic design and a master’s in digital graphic design. I'm experienced working in cross-functional teams, and in executing every aspect of the design process. Strategy, roadmapping, user task flows, user personas, wireframes, user testing, interactive prototyping, visual design. Ultimately, it all adds up to creating pixel-perfect, user-centric design. And this is my passion. A passion for human-centered design. A passion for creating solutions that best serve the target audience.
With 15 years in the field of design, I’ve worked for companies from start-up to well-established, both in-house and as a contractor. I’m a driven self-starter who quickly adapts to new circumstances and situations presented — empathizing with users, stakeholders, and team members along the way. I have developed a focus on creating a more human vision of processes, aimed at improving the experiences of people through design.
Beyond my agency and freelance work, I have worked on various experiential design projects for both public and private organizations. I have eight years of experience teaching at CEUX and UABC, have designed and managed courses and academic projects for other universities, and have given talks and conferences.
With 10 years of experience as a professional photographer, I have covered 100+ events including weddings, conventions, religious unions, conferences, expeditions, medical procedures, and real estate projects. I’m a big fan of Van Gogh, Andy Warhol, and Jodorowsky, a cat-lover for relaxation and meditation, and a dog-lover for beach, walk, and play. I love to learn from every person I meet, and I am passionate about diversity, inclusion, and respect.
I’ll close with my favorite quote from Mark Twain, as it applies to my design ethos as well as my approach to life: “Good decisions come from experience. Experience comes from making bad decisions.”
I bring honesty to my work, and honesty to my team. I’ve found this is where true success is born.
claroscuro
claroscuroux
claroscuro.work
claroscuro.work
Education
UIA Master's degree, Digital Graphic Design 2011 - 2013 UIA Bachelor’s degree, Graphic Design 2001 - 2006
Senior UX/UI Designer Algos Mx - Jan 2019 - Feb 2021 (2 years) Senior Art Director Woo-joo Co. - Jan 2017 - Jan 2021 (4 years) Experience
Skills
Senior Graphic Designer Lynup - Jan 2015 - Oct 2016 (1 year 10 months) Senior Graphic Designer Agdur Co. - Jan 2006 - Dec 2014 (9 years) Graphic Design Instructor CEUX - Aug 2006 - Jun 2014 (7 years 11 months) Graphic Design Instructor UABC - Jan 2012 - Dec 2013 (2 years) Photoshop Illustrator Experience Design InDesign Bridge Acrobat Premiere Rush Spark Sketch adktm5@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate