YIN ZHI WANG (Celine) UI/UX Designer
yinzhi-wang.co m
 adkttq@r.postjobfree.com
734-***-****
password: yinzhiwang
Dec 2020 - Present Vancouver, Canada
Futureform Lab/ User Experience Designe r
- Consulting with a Seattle-based startup on design research & strategy for its mobile app .
- Collaborating closely with product managers and engineering team to implement design .
- Guiding product roadmap by utilizing UX insights from expert interviews and A/B testing.
- Leading the design of some major features and the creation of component library .
- Creating prototypes for all major flows on Figma and Maze for presentation and testing.
- The MVP version will be released in March.
July - Aug 2020 Ezviz Lifestyle TV App Capstone Project Bring Smart Doorbell into Senior’s Life/ UI & UX Designe r
- Created a opening door experience for seniors on TV for Ezviz Lifestyle, a brand with 30+ million users worldwide, to explore the design of smart home exclusively for older adults.
- Led user research on Ezviz’s potential market of senior users in China and made decision to work on smart doorbell for the team.
- Final design was validated by 15 testers and taken in by Ezviz in-house UX Design team. June 2019 - Aug 2019 New York City
Guggenheim Museum/ Curatorial Internship
June 2018 - Aug 2018 Toronto, Canada
Royal Ontario Museum/ Curatorial Internship
Sept 2019 - Apr 2020 Sullivan Galleries, Chicago
SAIC MFA Show 2020/ Co-curator, Exhibition Designe r EDUCATION
School of the Art
Institute of Chicago
M.A. in Art Histor y
Chicago, Sept. 2018 - May 202 0
University of Michigan
B.A. in Art & Design, History of Art
Ann Arbor, Aug. 2013 - Dec. 2017
SKILLS
TOOLS
Heuristic evaluation
Contexual inquir y
Interaction design
Competitive analysi s
Usability testing
UI Desig n
Wireframing
Affinity mappin g
Card sorting
User intervie w
Data visualizatio n
Information desig n
Graphic design
Proficient in Figma, Adobe XD,
Principle, Sketch App, InVision,
Photoshop, Illustrator,
InDesign.
LaiOffer Bootcamp
UX Desig n
Remote, May - Aug. 2020
Aug - Oct 2020 Mobile App Independent Project
BeauT: Track Comestics/ UI & UX Designer
- Independently created an app design that helps users to easily manage and track beauty products in use, and remind them to toss expired ones.
-Deeply dived into the problem of using expired products and procrastinating to toss away.
-Designed interfaces, developed branding, provided high fidelity design and prototypes. UI/UX EXPERIENCE
PROJECTS
DESIGN FOR PHYSICAL SPACE
June - Aug 2020 Website Redesign Freelance Project Keru Wesbite Redesign for Volunteer Application / UI & UX Designe r
- Redesigned Keru’s online platform to gave users more control over online applications .
- Crafted core workflows and roudmap, and created a new UI set for better branding.
- Aligned design to embrace its evolving business from offline to online service.
- Delivered high fidelity prototypes. Design proposal was accepted by the client.
Contact this candidate