Dear Hiring Manager,

Since **** I have gained experience and developed complex roles requiring exceptional UX/UI design, product building, problem-solving, and team management. It is with great pleasure that I submit my resume to you in hopes of becoming a valued member of your growing team.

I have established a track record of success throughout my career by creating and leveraging talented teams to accomplish all short- and long-term objectives. As an engaging and skilled communicator, I have conveyed complex information and solutions with key project stakeholders, including high-value clients and executive leadership.

Today, I am excited to take ownership of a role, be hands-on building and designing an intuitive, enjoyable product. To create a product experience users can visualize data instantly, interperate information accurately, and use the product effortlessly.

Key objectives.

•Demonstrate my skills, knowledge, and expertise in executing user-focused designs and solutions.

•Design and build engaging end-to-end user based solutions for a broad set of user experiences, including websites, web- apps, user-interfaces, and digital initiatives that are intuitive and enjoyable to use.

•Build cross-functional teams, and collaborate with engineers, consultants, and product owners to initiate, define and implement, innovative solutions for user-interfaces and user-experiences while maintaining product direction.

I have a passion for taking ownership of a product, researching why users need it, designing it to fulfill its purpose. It is my pleasure to work with a talented team to guide its development, watching it materialize, and see it improve someone’s life in a meaningful way.

I am confident that my qualifications will meet and exceed your expectations. I look forward to meeting with you to discuss this position in detail. Should you need further information, I am available by phone or email at your convenience.

Sincerely,
Carl Ishii
Carl Ishii

Senior Designer

Product Design Project Management UI/UX Design Web Design Graphic Design

A dynamic and user-centric creative designer with 25-years of accomplishment and experience translating subject matter into conceptual designs for a broad set of software, digital, promotional, marketing, and informational needs. Adept in information architecture, design, and development of end-to-end user experiences, collaborating with cross-functional teams, including development teams and customer accounts, to shape new business opportunities. Work and communicate with product owners and developers to forge and foster strategic partnerships and professional relationships with internal and external sources. Manage
product, project life cycles from ideation to timely delivery, ensuring compliance with established requirements, objectives, and goals.

My working areas of expertise:

Environments: Windows, Macintosh, iOS, Android, WordPress, SalesForce, Hubspot, HatchBuck CRM.

Languages: CSS, HTML.

Software: Adobe XD, Sketch, InVision, Jira, Kanban, Scrum, WordPress, Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, Acrobat, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excell.
Design: Web Design, Content, and Internet Marketing, Web Page Layout, Product Design, UI/UX Design, Branding, Promotional Design, All Print Media and Packaging, Advertisements, Point of Purchase Displays, Corporate Trade Show Booths, Billboards.

Professional Experience

Solid# a fintech startup established in 2018 – Lehi, Utah Creative Director/Product Manager 2018 to Present
Carl created the branding for Solid#, a fintech startup. He supported its product, OfficeCard, and built and produced the collateral, logos, support documents, and websites for Solid# quickly. Carl worked with the founders to create strategies for its marketing and sales efforts and design their software products. Carl designed admin, B2B, B2C experiences and user interfaces for the new software. He took the lead in working with the development team remotely to manage, produce, and deliver their final products.
Key Achievements:
•Carl created the company brand and collateral for Solid# and its products from the ground up.
•He worked with the founders to design UX/UI and Solid#’s core products.
•He managed the Bookdrop account and collaborated with Bookdrop to build gobookdrop.com.
•He worked with the Solid# founder to build websites for Solidnumber.com, OfficeCard.com, and CashDrop.com.
•Collaborate with product owners to design Solid#’s app, design and produce the UI/UX, took the lead to manage, build and complete the final app with remote developers.

Controlpad – Orem, Utah
Creative Director/Project Manager, 2013 to 2018

Carl executed a creative strategy and designed end-to-end user experiences for new and existing software. He consulted with clients and product owners to assess and identify future software needs and solidify feature requests using an agile
methodology. Carl translated specs and features into wire-frames and prototypes, then participated in cross-functional teams to develop and produce quality customer-focused applications to meet business objectives and goals.
Key Achievements:
•Successfully implemented an agile project management methodology and on-boarded custom development clients, managed the development of their software within the first 30 days of hire.

Designed a UI for immediate implementation and began developing the new UX to be presented to the development team within the first seven days of hire.

The Electric Company – Provo Utah Business Consulting, Branding, and Design.
Direct all operational functions of a consultation, branding, and design firm, including marketing, sales, team development and performance activities, client relationship management, and project management. Oversee UX/UI design, creative marketing conceptualization, branding research, web design, Internet marketing, and simultaneously lead multiple projects from ideation to completion. Collaborate with designers and consultants to create conceptual designs and execute their vision and objectives. Provide consulting and consistent support to foster client relationships.
Key Achievements:
•Consulted with and pioneered creative account management and design for over two hundred local and national clients, including: The Walton Group, Caselle, Magleby Construction, Central Bank, C&A Construction, eSchool Provo School District, Provo City, Geneva Rock, Papaya & Company, KeyStone Learning Systems, and The University Mall, to name a few.
•Won the Silver Medal for the Neenah Paper Design Contest for branding and logo design.
•Won the Golden Spike award for brochure design.
•Organized and project managed teams to design and produce three Oregon indipendent phone books.

Educational Background

Graphic Design Apprenticeship: Ishii Design, Provo, Utah

Graphic Design Apprenticeship: Turner and Associates, Provo, Utah

Training

Journey to Mastery Sales Training (JTM): Coldwell Banker, Salt Lake City, UT

Volunteer/Community Engagement

Provo Elks Lodge

The Elks members elected Car as the Leading Knight to the Exalted Ruler of Lodge 849.

Key Achievements:
•Provo Elks Veterans Committee,
•Created and produced Veteran’s Baseball with the Elk’s Veteran’s Committee and Orem Owlz
•Provo Elks Lodge Charter Organization Representative for Utah’s Boy Scout Troop 51, Christmas Charity, Camp Wapiti, Youth Scholarships and Programs.

Awards

Neenah Paper’s Western Regional: Second Place for Logo Design

References

Professional References

Adam Campbell, Founder of Controlpad & Solid#
801-***-****
Mike Telford, Account Executive of Controlpad
801-***-****
Doug Russell, Owner GraphicsOne
801-***-****
Linda Walton, Owner Walton Group
801-***-****

Portfolio

carlishii.com
Contact this candidate