Sofiane Absi

Location: Tunisia (Currentley preparing my citizenship to canada)
Cell: +216-**-***-***
E-mail: adnpsg@r.postjobfree.com

Senior UX / UI Designer
Qualifications

I’m a Senior UX / UI Designer with 6+ years work experience. In this context, I follow a User Centered Design approach to my work by aligning your business goals and objectives with the needs of your users. I use empathy as a core tool in my User Experience Design to help me create Design solutions that are beneficial to users.

Core Skills

Expertise

Deliverables
Coding
Software & Tools
User Centered Design
Presentation
HTML/CSS
Adobe Creative suite
User Experience (UX)
Specification
Front End Frameworks
Keynote
User Interface (UI)
Wireframing
Responsive Design
Balsamiq Mockup
UX, Problem-solving
UX & UI Design Solution

Sketch
Prototyping

Professional Experience

STREAMWIDE: FROM JUNE 2018 UNTIL PRESENT

Senior UX-UI Designer

Key Achievements

Planned, implemented, and analyzed along with designers and developers. Help a cross-functional team in the strategy and creation of the user Experience of the application which brought in $4 million revenue over 7 months.
Design and Redesign solutions for SAAS mobile applications such as (Team On The Run, Team On Mission, Airbus Agnet…) used in 4 countries (US, Romania, France, China and Tunisia) which empowered the company to established trusting relationships and key clients such as (Airbus, Thales, Orange, GIGN, EDF, ENEDIS, Al Madar, Smartone…).

Key Responsibilities

Gathered and evaluated user requirements in collaboration with product manager
Presented UX design concepts to the project stakeholders for review and feedback
Worked closely with the development team to implement the vision
Evaluated, test, and select wireframe concepts for prototype development
Created design specifications and evolve wireframes into full design solution
Evaluated design with stakeholders to obtain feedback and conduct usability testing
Completed design and produce deliverables

MANDARINE DIGITAL: FROM APRIL 2016 MAY 2018

Senior UX-UI Designer

Key Achievements

Led user experience strategy, information architecture, interaction design for desktop and mobile B2B and B2C products and services for over a dozen clients across multiple industries.
Designed several websites such as (Akropolis, IGD, Flexa, Phytéal, Cartha’Mag, …) by understanding user needs, creating low & High fidelity wireframes. The Design was implemented and led to a 70% reduction in execution time.

Key Responsibilities

Understood of business requirements based on Clients needs
Translated the strategies and concept in creative and innovative layout
Worked closely with clients to create vision, conceive designs, and consistently meet deadlines and requirements
Brainstormed in close collaboration with other Team members

UMALIS GROUP FRANCE: FROM SEPTEMBER 2014 TO APRIL 2016

Senior UX-UI Designer

Key Achievements

Created a comprehensive Websites UX Experiences for several companies. Gained buy-in for a consistent UX approach across the organization. The Design resulted in increased awareness and call to action.

Key Responsibilities

Managed and coordinated UX / UI Design projects from concept through completion successfully
Worked with a Marketing Team to clearly present design ideas to various groups to help build a unified design and artistic direction
Defined the look and feel of the customer experience both in browser and on mobile
Presented design work, communicate and supervise creative feedback

M79: FROM DECEMBER 2013 TO AUGUST 2014

Junior UX-UI Designer

Key Achievements

Collaborated in an agile, cross-functional team to design an innovative feature by conducting market research, designing user-centered solutions and building clickable prototypes in XD.

Key Responsibilities

Coded layouts and interfaces using CSS3 and HTML5 technologies
Created websites that easy to use with simple, straight forward user interaction design
Created low and high-fidelity mockups

IMMAGICA: FROM NOVEMBER 2012 TO DECEMBER 2013

Junior Graphic Designer

Key Achievements

Conceptualized, produced and communicated design and layout strategies for a variety of print media including newspaper and magazine advertisements successfully.
Designed my first new look for “Carrefour” and “Monoprix” Shop. The concept consisted of creating an entire design to every “Carrefour” and “Monoprix” Shop in Tunisia. Graphics were produced for all the insides and outsides of each shop.

Key Responsibilities

Worked with the Art Director to create relevant, powerful solutions to a variety of marketing and design projects
Translated ideas and creative briefs into engaging design solutions
Participated in brainstorming sessions, research and other activities that support creative concept development in collaboration with others creative Team

Formal Education

2012: Applied License Degree Of Arts Mediation – Higher Institute Of Arts Multimedia.
2008: Bachelor’s Degree In Computer Sciences.

Languages

French: Fluent
English: Advanced
Spanish: Basics
Contact this candidate