P R O F I L E
Analytical and highly skilled professional with extensive experience planning,
developing, and coding internet sites and web pages. Adept at managing functional, innovative, and responsive websites. Proficient in creating high complex designs and layouts. Ability to merge technical knowledge and visual design techniques for creating websites. Proven track record of implementing technical skills to enhance customer’s sites from table-based to CSS focused format. Possess exceptional technical, relationship building, organizational, and team management skills. W O R K E X P E R I E N C E
WEB PUBLICATION MANAGER
NPAFC – North Pacific Anadromous Fish Commission 2021 Web/Publication Manager’s duties, mostly related to the Commission’s website such as updating webpages with new information and trouleshooting problems with the website content, links, and transaction logs. Formatted and uploaded text and video files, managed access to secure webpages, monitored the website functioning and assured its availability to users, and prepared monthly Google analytic reports for the website traffic. Contributed to the website functioning, creating new webpages for meetings of different Commission’s bodies and workshop with more than one hundred participants and 70 presentations.
UI/UX DESIGNER
RealtyServer 2007 - 2020
Supported the management, formulation, and designing of company’s website. Updated devices, platforms, and browsers by renewing outdated code to adjust to multiple screen sizes. Proposed ideas and concepts to the creative team as per company branding guidelines.
• Developed high-end search engine and software for a real estate company.
• Created and preserved client websites in Canada, US, and South America by collaborating with real estate boards globally.
• Combined design ideas demanded by Vancouver Island Real Estate board of directors, which resulted in increasing contract period by three years.
• Enhanced client sites from table-based to CSS focused and mobile responsive layout.
• Conceived top-notch mobile app used in designing floor plans from pictures.
+1-778-***-****
adqrnf@r.postjobfree.com
Vancouver BC
bryonhopper
E D U C A T I O N
Programmer Analyst
Web Developer
CDI College
2000 - 2002
WordPress Content
Management System
UBC Arts ISIT
2013 - 2014
S K I L L S
PROFESSIONAL
UX/UI Design
Marketing Optimization
Mobile Application
Codebase
Wireframe
WordPress
Figma
C O N T A C T
B R Y O N H O P P E R
W E B D E S I G N E R
Contact this candidate