Phan Thành Lộc
UI/UX Designer
Contact
behance.net/vict_phan
adsv0j@r.postjobfree.com
(+84) 983.902.674
Skills
UX Skills
User Research
Interaction Design
Information Architecture
Wireframes & Prototypes
Visual Design
HTML & CSS
Design Tools
Figma
Photoshop
Illustrator
Development
Agile/Scrum
Design Thinking
Notion
Miro
Slack
Education
Keyframe Multimedia
Figma UI Design Course
Foundations of UX/UI Design Course
UI/UX Mobile App Product Design Course
FPT University
Bachelor of Software Engineer
Sept 2017
design projects
Freelance UI/UX Designer Sản phụ khoa Minh Vân
sanphukhoaminhvan.com June 2022 - Present
Designing a logo enhances service brand identity.
Synthesize user insights, conceptualize and implement information architecture. Drafting low-fi wireframes, building wireflows and exporting prototypes to present to clients.
Explain website prototypes, get customer feedback, and make product tweaks.
Adaptive UI design for various screen device sizes (desktop, tablet, mobile). Then programming and deploying the website to the production mode.
Taking photos and editing them by Photoshop to meet client requirements.
UI/UX Designer Pioneer
behance.net/pioneer-online-mentors-web-app 2 months The project is a result of the Foundations of UX/UI Design BootCamp at Keyframe. The goal is to redesign the ADPList website and address the user's paintpoints. The team consists of 3 people, and I am primarily in charge of the entire process of product development and presentation. UI/UX Designer Handemy
behance.net/handemy-education-mobile-app 1 month & 2 weeks The project is a result of the UI/UX Mobile App Product Design BootCamp at Keyframe. The goal is to create a mobile application for offering online courses that will stand out from the already existing competition on the market. The team consists of 2 members, and I am primarily responsible for the entire process of product development and presentation process. Experience
UI/UX Designer
Working closely with customers during product conception, research, development, and finalization.
Collaborating and work as a team of 3 members, come up with ideas together to solve user problems and implement product presentations. Applying design thinking frameworkd and participating in the entire product building process from user interview and user research, userflow building, and then information architecture. Draft wireframes and link into prototypes for product testing and demonstration. Building a design system that increases working efficiency, makes maintenance and product expansion easier.
Web & Mobile Engineer
Over 3 years of experience
Collaborating with the product development team, which includes the Product Owner, Product Design Team, and Software Development Team, to build the company's application (was once ranked 7th on Apple App Store).
Discussing with the product owner, the product design team and the developer team in Sprint planning about the MVP (Minimum Viable Product) and what features will be released in the next Sprint. Collaborating directly with product design team members during product development to accurately capture and comprehend features. Contributing ideas for improving and developing product features that will allow users to complete tasks faster than the current user flow. Participating in the software development team recruitment process.
Contact this candidate