Melissa Brown Blaeuer
Digital Design, Strategy and Management

CONTACT
adt1c3@r.postjobfree.com
973-***-****
Linked In @MelissaBrownBlaeuer

PORTFOLIO
melissabrownblaeuer.com
Password: +[D3$1gNs]+

SUMMARY
Creative, insightful UI/UX strategist,
designer, developer and leader with a
background in professional services,
advertising and publishing and
extensive experience in US and global
digital platforms, products and
campaigns for marketing,
communications and knowledge
management.

Outgoing, insightful team player and
practitioner of full lifecycle product
design, management and
collaboration.

Numerous awards including an Rx
Club Finalist.

INTERESTS
Social justice, cosmology,
environment, politics, community
service, travel, creative arts and
technology.

ASSOCIATIONS
User Experience Professionals
Association, Interaction Designers
Association, MENSA, American
Association of Graphic Designers,
KPMG Local Action Council, West
Milford Economic Development
Commission, and more.

EMPLOYMENT
EY LLP Technical Art Director
April 2020 – June 2022 Consultant in Americas Communications to design and develop a responsive Bootstrap UI, SharePoint and Unily Intranet customizations, Microsoft 365 Forms and PowerAutomate, and perform a large, multi-site analysis and migration from SharePoint to Unily. Output included prototypes, wireframes, responsive HTML, development testing and feedback, platform requirements and specifications, and a suite of templates for story, event and video communications supported by a web site and how- to video.

KPMG LLP Experience Strategy and UI/UX Lead
July 1999 – March 2019 Creative lead and team manager of digital media for U.S. and Global Marketing & Communications and Events, and later, Knowledge Management. Campaigns and projects included CDs, DVDs, digital ads, logos, motion graphics and animations, email standards and templates, custom web platforms, social media, search and six global Intranet customizations. Work included project and performance management, UI/UX research, design, prototyping, testing, persona and journey storytelling, development specifications, coding and training. Recipient of 20+ marketing and project excellence awards.

Lowe McAdams Healthcare Art Director
May 1992 – August 1998 Responsible for creative concepts, rapid ideation, graphic design, illustration, logos and oversight of photography for print, digital ads, events, video, interactive, web, presentations and marketing collateral. Primary accounts: Glaxo, Roche and Merck. Rx Club Finalist Award for Egyptian-themed Zantac direct mail.

Kallir Philips Ross (KPR) Designer
May 1990 – May 1992 Responsible for digital design and production, concept visualization, product launch, logos, mockups, 2D and 3D design and illustration for ads, packaging, promotional collateral, interactive media, video, presentations, and new business proposals.

EDUCATION
SUNY Empire State College (2023)
BS Computer Science (2023) Study and transfer credit including Java object-oriented programming, systems analysis and design, art, music, history, physics, chemistry, economics and corporate finance.

Warren Hills Regional High School
Diploma (1981) National Merit Scholar Letter of Commendation, Sophomore Class President, Honors, “Women in Engineering” program at Stephens Institute of Technology, five years of French, drama club, Snoopy in “You’re a Good Man, Charlie Brown,” band lead singer, yearbook editor / photographer, photo club.

SKILLS
Adobe Suite Adobe XD, Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, AfterEffects and more. Retouching, illustration, motion graphics, animation, audio and video editing, music composition and tracks, interactive programming, 2D/3D illustration.

Microsoft 365 SharePoint online and on-premise, PowerAutomate, Forms, Teams, Visual Studio Dev, GitHub, Visio, Azure custom apps, Windows 365 apps.

Bootstrap UI, HTML5, CSS3, Axure RP, Balsamiq, JavaScript, JQuery, XML Design Thinking course at MIT Sloan, Figma studies, Google Suite and Sites, Wix, WordPress, UI/UX strategy, research, storytelling, testing, rapid ideation, accessibility, mobile-first, responsive, social media, prototyping, production, interface writing, data visualization, templates, brand, specifications, governance, documentation, team leadership, performance management.
Contact this candidate