+91-972*-******
adtewu@r.postjobfree.com
www.divyeshghediya.com
I pay attention to small details and believe
that designing affordances with the user
in mind is essential for creating intuitive
simple interfaces. I enjoy prototyping
because it encourages me to consider
other approaches and interaction models.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Create and maintain wireframes, mockups, presentations and prototypes of features in projects for Healthcare, Mining and Manufacturers.
UI/UX DESIGNER May 19 - Present
COREIoT Solutions Pvt Ltd., Vadodara
Accountable for Creating numerous branding layouts, such as banners, themes, logos, social media posts and
e-commerce mailers and visualizing thoughts and ideas. SR. GRAPHIC DESIGNER Oct 18 - Apr 19
Actonate, Vadodara
Leading designer for art and creativity, delivering time-bound creative ideas and concepts for all clients to be posted on digital media channels.
GRAPHIC DESIGNER Jun 16 - Sep 17
Bestow - Advertising Agency, Vadodara
Lead design outsourcing ﬁrm recognized for its quick design and delivery US Canada. Developing, producing inventive mockups and ensuring 99% error-free output. GRAPHIC DESIGNER & TEAM LEADER Feb 13 to Apr 15
Ofﬁce Beacon A. S. Pvt. Ltd., Vadodara
Responsible of visual and layout design for international clients. Designing logos, 3D mockups and creative t-shirt designs.
GRAPHIC DESIGNER Jun 15 to Jun 16
TiseEngine, Vadodara
Rapid design delivery printed materials, hoarding, blogs viral content for the 2017 Gujarat election, schools, news etc. SR. GRAPHIC DESIGNER Sep 17 - Sep 18
Adosphere, Ahmedabad
PERSONAL PROFILE
Bachelor of commerce
2012
M.S. University
Vadodara
Education
Movie, Music, Video Game, Mindfulness
Interests and Hobbies
B-404 Kishan Enclave, Gotri, Vadodara
Address
Gujarati, Hindi, English
Language
29, March 1992
DoB
DIVYESH GHEDIYA
UI/UX & GRAPHIC DESIGNER
I have experience working with teams to
brainstorm and whiteboard concepts.
I can create wireframes at varying levels
of ﬁdelity and enjoy prototypes ideas.
I have some front-end coding knowledge
and enjoy working with devs to build
ideas out.
Software that I'm familiar with:
Illustrator
Photoshop
Adobe Xd
Figma
After Effects
Presentation
Whimsical
I have worked with many different
prototyping tools - to avoid a lull list
above, I've kept it to just my favorites. I
would be happy to learn new tools.
SKILLS
SKILL MAP
User
experience
UI/Visual
Concepts
Interpersonal
skills
Software
knowladge
Contact this candidate