HIMANI BAJAJ
User Experience Designer User Researcher Content Creator Podcaster
aduxo4@r.postjobfree.com • 919-***-**** • LinkedIn • Portfolio • Seattle, WA I am a professional UX designer with a deep understanding of problem-solving, design patterns, and typography. Passionate about user research, architectural design, and interaction design period. SKILLS
● Design: User Research, User Flows, Storyboards, Information Architecture, Wireframes, Rapid Prototyping, Card Sorting, Mobile Design, Design Systems, Accessibility, User Interview, Contextual Inquiry, Heuristic Evaluation, Cognitive Walkthrough, Problem Solving, Leadership, Teamwork, Detail Oriented, Communication, and Digital Technology.
● Tools: Adobe Suite- Adobe Xd, Photoshop, Illustrator, Indesign, Sketch, Figma, Axure, Invision, Miro, Mural, Whimsical, Optimal Workshop
● Programming Languages: HTML/CSS, Javascript
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
UX/UI Designer, Bellevue, WA Apr 2022 - Aug. 2022
Zenoti
● Identiﬁed demographics and made targeted design decisions to address business and user needs.
● Analyzed the user pain points with qualitative research to create a web-based application to increase user engagement.
● Executed end-to-end design process by creating user ﬂows, storyboarding, lo-ﬁ to hi-ﬁ wireframes, and ﬁnal user interface using Figma.
● Strategized and contributed to the design system components and tokens library to streamline the visual design process.
UI Designer & Researcher, Chicago, IL Feb. 2022- Nov. 2022 DePaul iD Lab
● Align the business requirement with user needs by conducting qualitative and quantitative research.
● Streamlined the website's navigation structure, donation process, user interface, and experience design to attract visitors and raise funds through donations.
● Performed an end-to-end UX design process to create the website, which resulted in a 10% increase in metrics.
● Utilized optimal workshop for usability testing processes, including card sort, tree jack, and ﬁrst click, which led to uncovering user pain points and incorporate new features to streamline the user experience.
UX/UI Designer, Berkley, CA Jun 2021-Sep 2021
Helpsy Health
● Created a heuristic analysis to evaluate the existing app.
● Incorporated some features, button style, iconography, and color schemes of the mobile app using Sketch.
● Proposed some constructive ideas for the app's usability and accessibility to reduce users’ cognitive load.
● To examine the apps, I conducted 20+ usability tests on features to understand the pain points in engagement, usability, and accessibility.
UI/ Digital Designer, Noida, New Delhi Sep 2019 - Aug 2020 Way of Digital
● Redesigned user experience and interface design of the website, which led to increased customer visits by 15%.
● Created user ﬂows, information architecture, wireframes, and high-ﬁdelity visual & interactive mock-ups.
● Performed as part of a cross-functional team to create beautiful experiences for digital websites across multiple screens.
● Facilitated the understanding and problem-solving of multiple stakeholders by executing complex workﬂows.
EDUCATION
MS in Human-Computer Interaction 2022 I 3.8 GPA
DePaul University Chicago
I have acquired knowledge and skills in the following areas to improve user-centered design experiences. Advance User Research
Accessibility Considerations
Usability Evaluation Methods
Data Visualization and Infographics
Information Architecture and Content Strategy
Masters of Business Administration 2014 I 3.67 GPA Quantum School of Business India
I have gained knowledge in the following areas to understand the business objectives and strategies better.
Marketing Management
Management Communication
Business Strategies and Ethics
Foundations of Teamwork and Leadership
Contact this candidate