Jessica Siudak
UX/ UI Designer
adw4yb@r.postjobfree.com 262-***-**** Milwaukee, WI
https://uxfol.io/a665e9d4 http://linkedin.com/in/jessica-s-b13289100 Experience
UX/ UI Designer, Contract, October 2022 - Present
Client: Smiles to Your Door
● Generate an approach to increase the likelihood of email subscription by relocating the subscription form from the footer to the checkout page, placing it in the user's visual field, and using it to promote other sales.
● Website design for B2C e-commerce “Pop Out” photo company brings uniqueness to the gifting market.
● Cultivate a visual hierarchy and information architecture for the website so the user can navigate the shopping experience while providing a visually cohesive color palette and style.
● Collaborate confidently on iterative design sessions that use best practices to create user-centered products that exceed client goals and expectations in an agile environment.
● Design a clean and unique website replicating a scrapbook to make the user feel welcomed and familiar with the site's usability, using design best practices and increasing consistency. Client: Orchid.B
● Design a new page for a SaaS web app for a B2B platform, creating the customer information and invitation pages.
● Create user flows, wireframes, and prototypes to communicate design concepts with cross-functional teams.
● Design and implement interface design systems, style guide, and design patterns to maintain consistency and scalability across the platform.
● Present design concepts over Loom to ensure effective communication with stakeholders and teammates while keeping the end user's needs and expectations in mind to manage stakeholder communication effectively.
● Iterate and ideate through workflow with sketches and wireframes to create intuitive solutions to user problems.
● Annotate designs to ensure developers understand our designs and ensure the fluid handoff. Consultant, Titus Talent Strategies, June 2021 - April 2023
● Complete Full-Cycle recruiting for various roles from white collar to industrial with a successful fill rate of 81%.
● Communicate with partners in weekly calls and other partner interactions as the lead recruiter on the assigned project to relay critical information as needed and provide a clear, timely verbal and written communication to partners on a weekly basis.
● Assess candidates' performance levels according to established selection criteria, facilitate a purposeful and effective interview process, prepare Candidate Portfolios for submittals, and consult our partners through the offer stage. Public Health Strategist, Washington Ozaukee Public Health Department, March 2020 - February 2021
● Assist with creating the Close Contact and Positive interview documentation in WEDSS for Contract Tracers.
● Stay current on Guidance and Attend CDC meetings to ensure the counties conducted best practices to ensure users/community members were aware of expectations.
● Generate material design for training new contact tracers and onboard new tracers while providing feedback to them.
● Participate in weekly Zoom meetings to engage Contact Tracers and continuously train for best practices. Education
UX/UI Foundations Certificate, Avocademy
Bachelors of Science Degree in Health Education and Health Promotion, University of Wisconsin Skills
Research: User Experience Design, User Research, Design Research, User Flows, Personas, Site Mapping, Information Architecture, Qualitative Research, Human Centered Design, Analytics, User Journeys, Research Methods, Interviews Design: User Interface, Mobile Platform, Web Design, Accessibility Design Thinking, Interaction Design, Color Theory, Wireframing, Storytelling, User Testing, Visual Design, Prototyping, SMS, Business Strategy, Stress Management Soft: Agile mindset, Scrum framework, empathy, prioritization, influencing, flexibility, enthusiastic, collaborative, committed, decision-making, teamwork, humility, motivating, empathetic, integrity, accuracy, relationship building Tools: Figma, Miro, Zoom, Slack, Microsoft Teams, Microsoft Suite, Powerpoint, OneDrive, some HTML
Contact this candidate