RICKY LIN
U I / UX GAME DESIGNER
ady721@r.postjobfree.com
+604-***-****
UI/UX EXPERIENCE
Constructed interactive website and database using CSS, HTML, PHP and SQL. Established user functionality such as registering, logging in as members using SQL databases, leaving comments, and filtering through the database to dynamically change what is seen on the website. Followed the GDD (Game Design Document) guidelines to design and create an interactive transformative board game on Board Game Simulator with a small team
Applied the iterative design process by conducting player and user experience testing to help balance game systems and design the game mechanics of the board game.
Game was featured on 2022 FCAT Undergraduate Conference. Designed and developed a 2D adventure puzzle game using Unity as the lead Game Designer and Level Designer that raised awareness about human impacts on the environment. Implemented puzzles of varying difficulties in each designed level of the game and oversaw player testing to balance the difficulty of challenges.
Web Design
UX Research / Game Designer
Digital Game - Level Designer
Climatic Crisis
BIOME: Find my Way Home
Sep 2022 - April 2022
Sep 2021 - April 2022
Sep 2022 - Dec 2022
OTHER EXPERIENCES
eSport Competitor
Simon Fraser University
Oct 2020 - Sep 2023
Competed in the SFU League of Legends team for 3 years as a collegiate player. Team captain for the 2021 roster. Qualified for the 2020 West Conference Playoffs.
Assistant coach for 2022 year, accelerated growth of young talent and guided players with my experience. GAME DESIGN
Interactive Website and Database
rickyjklin.wixsite.com/ricky-lin-portfolio
Developed an interactive interface and short game using Java and Eclipse. Interface allowed users to select from different game states to choose and pick icecream flavours to create the experience of buying icecream.
Code uses states and object oriented programming to achieve the functionality. Interactive Interface - Java
Ice Cream Parlour
Sep 2020 - Dec 2020
Contact this candidate