ISAO TOYAMA
email: ady7ra@r.postjobfree.com
UX Portfolio: https://ux.isaotoyama.com/
Portfolio: https://isaotoyama.com/
Motion/Video: https://vimeo.com/catzilla
Blog: https://isao.design
SUMMARY
Senior UX designer with 10+ years of experience and specialization in complex application design. Creating an interactively tested, data-driven, and user-centered design achieved a 15% increase in user satisfaction and a 20% increase in conversions. Looking to leverage my skills to bring monetized improvements to the next company. A UX Designer, knowledgeable in design from principles to elements systems to graphic and print design and typography. Efficient problem solver with skills in teamwork and delivery project on time. EXPERIENCE
Freelance
Senior UX/UI Designer
March 2023 – Current
Designing a Point of Purchase(POP) system for an apparel company
Assist the team in creating a Design System
ecoATM / Gazelle
Senior UX/UI Designer
April 2022 – Feb 2023
Develop, and collaborate on Atomic Design & Design Component Systems (Figma and React)
Redesigned the checkout process on the company’s e-commerce platform, resulting in a 25% increase in conversion rates and a 15% increase in average order value.
Collaborated with the engineering team to implement a new feature that allowed users to customize product orders, resulting in a 20% increase in revenue from personalized orders.
Conducted user research and A/B testing to improve the onboarding process, resulting in a 50% increase in user retention in the first 30 days after sign-up.
Conducted both Moderated Qualitative and Quantitative testing based on the needs, for example, used qualitative testing for personalization information and quantitative testing for the average amount spent on used cell phones for target audiences.
Development philosophies and methodologies such as Agile and Scrum 2
Contract
Senior UX/UI Designer
Oct 2021 – Mar 2022
Designs develops and produces web-based pages for sales reps, internal sites, consumer websites, and apps as assigned by the Digital Marketing department and for other functions as appropriate
Obtained user data with analytics reporting, task analysis, and participatory design techniques and leveraged that data to create iterative improvements, increasing user satisfaction by 20%.
Development philosophies and methodologies such as Agile and Scrum AerNos
Creative Director
Sept 2017 – Sept 2021
Product Design - Manage the creative process from concept to completion
Translate marketing objectives into clear creative strategies
Work closely with multidisciplinary project teams
Oversee profitability, deliverables, timelines, and budgets
Manage budget by forecasting and expenses for Events (IDTechEx and CES Las Vegas (Consumer Electronic Show)), event project management work with outside vendors for rentals, and work with the union at the events.
Build, lead, and review the work of the creative team in the production of all web, print, and digital marketing collateral
Design Exhibit Booth for IDTechEx and CES Las Vegas (Consumer Electronic Show)
Create product demos, corporate & investor videos, & social media demos. Video production, Video Shoots, and Video Post-production
Photos shoot product & corporate profiles, and post productions
Corporate Branding & maintain corporate message throughout the marketing campaign.
Create Products Design and create a diagram for patent filling Tony Robbins
Marketo UX designer/Developer (Contract)
May 2017 – Aug 2017
Collaborate with design and development teams to establish and maintain a comprehensive design system that includes design patterns, components, and guidelines for all digital SaaS products.
Ensure the design system is consistent, accessible, and usable across all platforms and devices.
Conduct research and analysis to identify areas for improvement in the design system and implement updates accordingly.
Educate and train teams on the proper use and implementation of the design system. 3
Dassault System Biovia
Senior UX/UI Designer (Contract)
Feb 2016 – April 2017
Contract (life Science)
UX/UI Front-end Designer (Contract)
Sept 2015 – Feb 2016
Hitachi Transport System
Sr. System Engineer
Jan 2015 – Sep 2015
Chicago Match Race Center LLC
Art Director
Dec 2008 – Jan 2015
Goodrich Aerostructures
Senior System Engineer
Oct 2007 – Sept 2008
Wise Guy Technologies
Art Director/Web Developer
May 2006 – Oct 2007
Polaris Industries
Sr. Graphic Designer
May 2005 – April 2006
nStor Corporation
Sr. Visual UX Designer
Nov 2003 – May 2005
Hitachi Home Entertainment
Sr. Visual UX Designer
Mar 2002 – May 2003
Art Institute
3d Art Instructor
Mar 2001 – May 2003
PingPong (Kingston Technology)
4
Creative Director
Oct 1997 – Jan 2001
EDUCATION
California State University, Long beach
Master of Fine Arts (Studio Arts)
1997 – 1999
University of Arizona
Master of Art (Art Therapy)
1995 – 1997
University of California, Santa Barbara
Bachelor of Fine Arts (Studio Arts)
1993 – 1995
Santa Barbara City College
Associate of Art (Studio Arts)
1989 – 1993
SKILLS AND LANGUAGE
Software Design and Prototyping tools, include Figma, Sketch and InVision
Design Skills: Wireframing, Interaction Design, User Interface Design, and Prototyping.
Experienced with Conversion Rate Optimization, Agile Project Management, Data Analysis, Software Development Life Cycle(SDLC), Project Management, and Budgeting
UX research and Usability Testing/ Quantitative testing and Qualitative testing
Atomic Design & Design Component Systems (4 Systems deployed)
Team Management/ Team lead.
17+ years of graphic design
W3C Web Standards, W3C, W3C Accessibility, WCAG, Web Accessibility, User Access, Accessibility
A/B Testing
User Personas, persona
User Journey, Adobe Journey Optimizer, Online User Experience, User Experience Development, User Experience Management
Customer Journey Mapping, Customer Journey, User Journeys
JavaScript, Typescript, SCSS (Sassy CSS), Style Sheets, Cascading Style Sheets (CSS), html, Dynamic HyperText Markup Language (DHTML), Hyper Text Markup Language (HTML), React, Next.js, React.js 5
Scrum Software Development
Quantitative Studies, Quantitative Analysis
Qualitative Testing, Qualitative Interviews, Qualitative User Research
Contact this candidate