Trần Thị Kim Nhi
adys1z@r.postjobfree.com +84-86-890**** LinkedIn Notion Dribbble
EDUCATION
Sai Gon University Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
Software Engineering 2018 - 2022
Arena Multimedia Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
Semester I: Graphic Design 2021
WORK EXPERIENCE
Full-time
MLTech Soft Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
UX/UI Designer Apr 2022 – Mar 2023
Play a role as the main UX/UI designer in projects about Blockchain, E-commerce, Education, and Management Systems.
Develop and maintain product design for a variety of platforms.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including product managers, developers, other stakeholders, to understand business objectives and requirements.
Cooperate with Business Analysts to analyze functions and design implementation of products, discuss and adjust design after receiving design reviews from customers, and do the documentation for further reference.
Ensure system responsiveness and adaptability on both web and mobile environments with design improvements.
Cooperate with partner teams like M-N Associates and other designers to support each other in conceptualizing and designing appropriate interfaces.
FPT Software Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
OJT UX/UI Designer Apr 2022 – Mar 2023
Research on UX/UI design techniques, and product’s target audience to address their needs and goals through design.
Create and develop new design frameworks for some current products based on requirement documents and design materials provided by PM.
PROJECTS
3R (Recycle – Reuse – Reduce) Jun – Jul 2023
A project about giving and receiveing free items to send to users who need usuable and enviromentally friendly items.
Conduct survey and user interview.
Analyze data and personas groups to create a customer journey map to get pain points, behavior, habits,…
Ensure main functions are in line with the business objectives, user insights, product proposition, and brand identity. TRAINING COURSES
UXD Process At Work – Avlabs Education
Foundations of User Experience (UX) Design – Cousera
UX Research – Uxcel
UI Components – Uxcel
UX Design Foundations – Uxcel
SKILLS
Languages: English (Intermediate), Vietnamese (Native)
Skills: Google Material Design, UX/UI Design, User Research, Wireframing, Protyping, HTML/CSS, Agile
Tools: Figma, Adobe XD, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illutrator, VSCode, Jira, Microsoft Office, Zeplin, Blender
Others: Teamwork, Communication, Self-Learning, Wothstand Work Pressure, Eager to Learn, Hard-Working Part-time
Mini Aimer Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
UX/UI Designer 2021 – Present
Research and build a design system based on Google’s Material Design for Android apps.
Conducting projects in the field of Artificial Intelligence, Game,..
Contact this candidate