Monica Arellano
UX Designer
ph: 415-***-**** e: adyuhy@r.postjobfree.com w: monicaarellano.com
in: linkedin.com/in/monica-arellano-design/
Summary
UX Designer with experience in user research, human centered design practices and five years of previous experience in graphic design. Enjoys collaborating cross functionally on creative solutions to complex problems and improving user experiences through research, iteration, and considerate design solutions. Skills
User Research Prototype development Usability testing Print/Digital Design Visual Storytelling UX Design Design Strategy Research & synthesis Affinity Mapping C&C Analysis Site Mapping User Flow Chart User Journey Mapping Wireframes Product design User flows Project management Persona development
Tools
Figma Photoshop InDesign Illustrator Procreate Slack Asana Trello Google Suite Experience
2022-2023 General Assembly User Experience Design Intensive remote Completed 500 hours of professional UX Design training and led two team projects. Employed human centered design and UX methods for five project sprints. Amoeba Music e-commerce redesign
● Designed four new pages including landing, search result, product details and check the out flow for Amoeba Music’s website.
● Employed user interviews and used affinity mapping to synthesize results.
● Identified the one problem that users encountered and explored potential solutions through sketching, prototype development, usability testing and iteration.
● Delivered a high-fidelity prototype, increasing discoverability of new music and reducing checkout times by 50%.
DFW streamlining the airport experience
Monica Arellano UX Designer
● Evaluated the existing DFW official app and conducted a series of five user interviews, usability testing, and comparative analysis of five applications.
● Synthesized research into key insights and defined one core problem experienced by users.
● Created a site map that prioritized the users immediate needs.
● Explored three possible solutions through sketch exploration and developed wireframes.
● Developed a high fidelity interactive prototype in Figma that reduced user pain points. Nom Street App connecting customers with Halal-safe dining options
● Led team of three UX designers by developing a project Gantt chart, unblocking the team to meet all deadlines and deliverables.
● Established and maintained a regular communication schedule with the client.
● Collaborated with the team to develop new customer facing experience over 18 wireframes.
● Completed user 17 interviews, 15 usability tests, comparator feature analysis, sketch explorations and research synthesis in collaboration with the team and people from the target audience.
● Delivered two items: a high-fidelity prototype and comprehensive style guide in Figma facilitating a smooth transition into development for the client. 2018-2022 Kikoko Emeryville, CA Graphic and motion designer remote
● Collaborated with sales and marketing teams to design print and digital campaign assets using InDesign, Illustrator, Premiere Pro and After Effects for the launch of five new product lines and four product category extensions.
● Teamed up with design and social media heads to plan a digital launch strategy and create content that facilitated a 53% increase in followers over four years.
● Collaborated with the sales and design to create five videos, using Premiere Pro, Illustrator and After Effects. The videos increased brand education and engagement in B2B sales meetings.
● Establish templates for two departments for internal and external facing brand and sales use in cooperation with the Chief Design Officer.
● Collaborated with web engineers to identify and implement key usability improvements to the B2C website that improved checkout flow and reduced bounce rate to <20%.
● Designed assets for 14 product and benefit related site pages for desktop and mobile. Education
2023 UX Design Intensive General Assembly remote 2018 M.A. Graphic Design Academy of Art University San Francisco, CA 2012 B.S. Business Administration University of Central Florida Orlando, FL Monica Arellano UX Designer
Contact this candidate