Jorge Ruiz
Portfolio Orlando, FL LinkedIn 407-***-**** adz1mt@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY
Experienced UI/UX Designer proficient in Figma with a proven track record of driving design excellence. Committed to crafting user-centered interfaces that align with business goals. Skilled in design systems, wireframing, prototyping, and collaborative design processes. Seeking to leverage my expertise in UI design to contribute to impactful User Experience Research initiatives.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Freelance UX/ UI Design Orlando, FL
UX / UI Designer November 2018 - Present
●Led successful migration of Sketch component libraries to Figma, optimizing tokens, color palettes, and variants. Resulted in seamless design collaboration and efficient workflows across the organization.
●Implemented Figma libraries to enhance cross-functional communication and alignment between design and development teams.
●Leveraged design systems expertise to streamline processes, amplifying design efficiency by 25% and driving consistency throughout UX/UI, Development, and Product teams.
PROJECTS
ReelView Theater Remote
UX / UI Designer June 2023 - July,2023
●Led a cross-functional team of 4 to drive a 25% increase in completed ticket orders through data-driven UX research, design, and Figma collaboration.
●Conducted two rounds of usability testing using Figma prototypes, yielding a 20% decrease in user errors and a 30% improvement in user satisfaction.
●Addressed 2 critical user challenges in the venue selection process, leveraging Figma's capabilities, achieving a 50% decrease in user confusion and a 45% reduction in user frustration.
Secret Garden App Remote
UX / UI Designer April 2023 - May,2023
●Spearheaded a team of 4 as UX Researcher, UX/UI Designer, Wireframe, and Prototyping Designer, utilizing Figma to drive the design process and collaboration, resulting in a 35% increase in user engagement with venue listings.
●Addressed critical user challenges, leveraging Figma's capabilities, resulting in a 50% decrease in user confusion and a 45% reduction in user frustration.
●Conducted usability testing with 15 participants using Figma prototypes, leading to a 60% increase in task success rate and a 25% improvement in overall app accessibility.
Bohemia Interactive Simulations Orlando, FL
3D Artist and Designer Oct 2022 - June 2023
●Elevated engagement by 30% and training effectiveness by 20% through innovative 3D asset integration, setting the stage for captivating UX/UI designs.
●Designed visually engaging 3D assets, translating principles to enhance user interactions and intuitive UI experiences.
EDUCATION / CERTIFICATIONS
University of Central Florida Orlando, FL
Bachelor of Science in Digital Media – Game Design 2017
Google Online
Google UX Design Professional Certification 2023
SKILLS & TOOLS
●UX/UI Design: Design systems, Wireframing, prototyping, user research, information architecture, usability testing, interaction design, visual design, typography, color theory, layout, A/B Testing, responsive design.
●Tools: Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, After Effects), Adobe XD, Figma, Sketch, InVision, Zeplin, Balsamiq, Marvel, Principle, OpenAI ChatGPT.
Contact this candidate