BIDUSHI SHAH
Houston, TX
Phone: 832-***-**** Email: adzodw@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/bidushi-shah-562251272 SUMMARY
Results-driven UX/UI Designer and Strategist with a foundation in STEM and behavioral research. Passionate about creating solutions to bridge the gap between technology and humans through functional and engaging user experiences. Harnesses a deep understanding of human behavior and prior leadership experiences to problem-solve with empathy and exhibit a strong can-do attitude.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Technical: Figma, Adobe, Miro, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript UX/UI: Agile processes, Prototyping, Wireframes, User/Design research, User testing, Usability testing, Information Architecture, Storyboarding, User strategy, Strong communication, Detail-oriented, Storyteller, Adaptable, Strong management and business acumen, Teamwork EXPERIENCE
UX/UI Team Lead, Internship August 2023
Our National Conversation Los Angeles, CA
Promoted to Team Lead for the UX/UI design team, overseeing a dynamic team of 5 designers. Providing strategic direction and guiding projects from concept to implementation, ensuring alignment with company goals, user needs, and industry best practices.
● Increasing team productivity by implementing agile design methodologies and conducting regular design reviews, achieving the delivery of a project ahead of schedule.
● Leading in-depth user research to extract vital insights for data-driven strategies to enhance user engagement.
● Fostering cross-collaboration with programmers and the media department to ensure company goals and vision align seamlessly, facilitating effective communication and synergy across departments.
UX/UI Designer, Internship May 2023-Aug 2023
Contributed to multimedia platform design for U.S. politics and policy with a 7-member team. Collaborated with project managers, programmers, and led tasks including information architecture, wireframing, UI design, and prototyping. Key Accomplishments:
● Received a Certificate of Recognition for outstanding performance, ranking among the top 25% of interns at Our National Conversation during the Summer semester (05/01/23 - 08/31/23) as nominated by executive leadership.
● Took on a special assignment for chat room integration into the primary platform.
● Lead UI design for newsletter subscription and news cards.
● Developed a comprehensive design system and style guide, resulting in a 40% reduction in design inconsistencies.
Lead Instructor Oct 2022- May 2023
Snapology Houston, TX
Developed and led Engineering and Coding focused curriculum.
● Instructed dynamic groups of 25-30 students in the cutting-edge ‘21st century’ educational program.
● Demonstrated presentation and networking skills while representing Snapology at esteemed school districts and corporate events at HP, Chevron, etc.
● Advanced to Lead instructor and gained expertise in educational delivery and program management.
Project Coordinator and Campaign Aide Apr 2021- Sep 2022 Amanda Edwards for Houston Mayor Houston, TX
● Oversaw the successful execution of two community projects, Coordinated a 100-150 diverse team of volunteers.
● Conducted and communicated policy research that provided insights that informed strategic decisions for the mayoral campaign.
● Aided in the design of graphics, banners, posters, etc. EDUCATION
UI UX Certificate: Rice University, Houston, TX
An intensive 8-month long boot camp dedicated to User Interface and User Experience design.
● Graduated in the top 5% of class with final grade: 98.4%
● Class projects included using a design thinking process to ideate and prototype a travel app, redesign a government website and code a coffee company’s digital sale page.
● Effectively collaborated in teams of 4 and held a project manager role for a team of 4. B.A Biology: University of Texas at Dallas, Richardson, TX
● Vice president of Nepalese Student Association.
● Research assistant, VNS therapy lab for PTSD alleviation.
● Arete Fellow, UH Effective Altruism Fellowship
● Healthcare management ‘jeopardy bowl’ winner, spring 2018 LANGUAGES
English native
Nepali native
Hindi proficient
Spanish conversational
Contact this candidate