Hello everyone, I'm someone who likes the
scientific way of working and wants to tell
stories and breathe life into all my designs .
My motto in life is “Stop Letting Yourself
Down: How to Actually Achieve Your Goals” .
About me
UX/UI DESIGNER
NGUYEN TRAN
Available for work
Design Website & Mobile App for product of company as: CRM, ERP, Social media, Chat
Work closely with: PM, Leader, BA, DEV to create great software products.
Editing video for marketing department, Writting content for the company’s business product.
Graphic design banners, posters, brochures, catologs, 2D images, element, icons
UI/UX DESIGNER (Hybrid work)
Công ty CP Công nghệ W.H.Y Soft 08/2022 - 09/2023 Join in the design process with team.
Communicate with other departments to get the job done. INTERN UI/UX DESIGNER (Remote work)
06/2022 - 08/2022
Công ty TNHH Truyền thông và Thiết kế Dometic Media FREELANCER UI/UX DESIGNER
I have a self-scheduled period to develop myself with UI/ UX Design and freelance work from home. This is the time to lay the foundation for me to develop better in the future with UI/UX Design.
I take on freelance jobs when someone contacts me and needs me to participate in designing and completing large and small projects.
Freelance 01/2023 - Present
Work Experience
Hard skills: User Interface Design, Design Systems, Visual Design, User Experience, Mobile Interface
Design, Web Design, Graphic Design, Video Editing, Content writting, Agile & Scrum, HTML, CSS...
Self-motivation with work.
Time management skills
Communication skills
Teamwork skills
Skills
Works with: Figma, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Final Cut Pro, Canva, Jira, Slack, Visual Studio Code... Flexibility and creativity in work
Awards
Won The Second prize for designing school videos at the city level in Ho Chi Minh City.
Won The Consolation prize for designing the video
contest "Family meal - Warm love" of the Labor
Confederation of District 3, Ho Chi Minh City.
I want to contribute my values and
develop myself to the projects and
products of the company.
I want to take the opportunity to
experience new projects, learn new
techniques and become a Product Design
Manager in the future.
I am a hard-working and aspirational
person with a passion for the Design and
Information Technology industry.
Objectives
District 7, Ho Chi Minh City
adzw04@r.postjobfree.com
16/04/1996
039*-***-***
Contact
Bachelor’s Preschool Education
Education
09/2014 - 06/2018
Ho Chi Minh City University of Education
Achieved the title of Excellent Student
of the Semester.
behance.net/pnhm1
V NguyenDESIGN
V
Contact this candidate