Cheryl Fernandes
q0nlvn@r.postjobfree.com 817-***-**** http://tigger.uic.edu/~cferna9/portfolio/

* ***** ** ********** ** Web-Development with a Masters Degree in CS (Human-Computer Interaction). Development is great but I am hoping to use my skills as a designer and promoting user needs while integrating recommendations of the project team and translating business and user requirements into a workable, efficient solution.
Work Experience Summary:

Feb 2009 - Present (3 years) IT Technical Associate, Office for Access and Equity, University of Illinois at Chicago Role: Developer, Designer, and Project Manager
Responsibilities:
1. Designed multiple layouts and prototype designs, information flows and content arrangement for client to choose from for final design using Balsamiq, Visio, MS Publisher.
2. Developing websites (Hand-coded/CMS) using HTML4/5 CSS2/3, Dreamweaver8, JQuery, Javascript.
3. Maintaining databases in MS Access 2005/2007
4. Creating accessible documents compliant with section 508, W3C validated.
5. Selecting university-compatible technology while creating software ensuring backward compatibility.
6. EEO Reporting with AAPlanner 8.0.
7. Involved in entire life-cycle of development and design beginning from inception of idea.
Accomplishments
1. Online-training for 3 campuses of the University of Illinois.
2. Improved load-time of web-pages using table-less layout. Same content different style sheets for different devices
3. Improved user experience of forms by decreasing key-board/mouse clicks and by using XML & JQuery.
4. Developed mobile website for department.
5. Created fillable pdf forms with javascript embedded which could be emailed back to sender.

July 2006 - August 2007 (1 year), Flexi Resources Junior Web-Developer
Role: Developer, Trainer
Responsibilities:
1. Creating SEO optimized web-pages using a PHP-based CMS.
2. Improve functionality using PHP, Javascript, JQuery.
3. Ensure cross-browser compatibility, W3C validation.
Accomplishments
1. Trained people to use this CMS to build websites.
2. Embedded Google Maps, Javascript into the CMS HTML code.
3. Refactored existing code with CSS hacks for cross-browser compatibility.

Work Experience Samples:
1. The OAE, UIC (http://www.uic.edu/depts/oae/index1.html) (different on mobile and desktop)
2. Staff Advisory Council, UIC (http://www.uic.edu/orgs/sac/)
3. Online Sexual Harassment Prevention Module. (Screenshots on my portfolio.)
4. VAC Innovation (http://www.vacinnovation.co.uk/)
5. Project Squirrel (http://www.projectsquirrel.org/)
6. Exploring Prototype Interfaces for an Events Calendar (Screenshots on my portfolio.)

Academic Experience:
Event/location detection, navigation:
1. Created prototypes for university students and staff to look up events on their mobile device. IRB-approved study.
2. Created an Android native app for users to look up an event, find their present location and route.
Algorithm design, Design patterns:
1. Text-mining, classification algorithms, test-harness, data and web semantics.

Details of experience
UI Design:
1. Designing new websites or improving existing one with a new look and improved technology.
2. Improving user experience by decreasing fields to fill, condensing content to fit into one page, reducing switching between key-board and mouse.
3. Designing content placement for mobile devices to support gesture-based inputs.
4. Designing prototypes, wireframes, information flow design, look-and-feel, themes.

UI/Web Development/Programming
1. Coded in HTML5/HTML4 using Dreamweaver 8 and CMS'
2. Styling the layout using CSS2/3, hacks to support cross-browser compatibility on desktops and mobile phones.
3. Accessibility webpage and documents compliant with section 508 using W3C and WAVE 2.0
4. Creating fillable PDF forms using Adobe Livecycle.
5. Creating logos and flyers using Photoshop and MS Publisher.
6. Improved user experience, validation using JQuery, Javascript.
7. Created forms using FormMail.

Mobile Development:
1. Android App to detect current location and pull up RSS feeds into the application.
2. Created mock-ups from an existing website for the iPhone using a comparative user study.
3. Separate CSS for desktop and mobile applications.
Data Visualization and Mining
Desktop applications, multi-user, multi-device applications, static & dynamic real-time visualization of data upto 50GB of data, matching ontologies, gender identifier, frequent item-sets.
Features: Accessible visualizations for color-blindness, mining algorithms, visual data analysis, MVC design
Accomplishments:
1. Downloadable desktop application allowing simultaneous look up of RGB, HEX and CMYK values.
2. Improved visualization by showing results using bar-graphs instead of decimal values.
3. Created multi-mouse application for high school students.
4. Created UI and functionality for display of data.
5. Indentified gender of an author of a text.
6. Calculated the frequency of item sets in a group of item sets.
Other Projects:
Housing Management, Test-Harness, Library System Application
Features: Desktop and web-based Database management applications.
Accomplishments:
1. Created UI and databases.
2. Created a software specifications document showing timeline, budget and other requirements.
3. Configured batch processing of SQL queries instead of single query processing.
4. Trained people to create a website using a CMS.
5. Created a step by step procedure for registration, maintenance, and communication during product release.
Other Experience:
Computer Lab attendant (May 2009 - Aug 2009): Lab support and maintenance.
Accounting Asst., UIC (Nov 2008 – Feb 2009): General Office Aide.
Voted Webmaster for the Indian Graduate Student Association, UIC from 2009-2010.
Review of Technical Skills Used:
Languages: HTML(5), CSS(3), JavaScript, JQuery1.6.4, Google Maps API, Qt, Processing 2.0, Java Swing, Android, XML
Packages: DreamWeaver7, Adobe PhotoShop 7.0, Adobe LiveCycle8.2, MS Publisher Visio 2007, Audacity10, JAWS12, Balsamiq
Learning, Content, Management Systems: BlackBoard9, SoftChalk6
Other Skills: Accustomed to working in teams, analytical and practical approach to solving problems and an eye for details. Other Technical Skills: PHP4, Java6, ASP.NETC#, Perl, MySQL, Oracle, MS Access 2007, OWL, Eclipse Galileo, Visual Studio 2005, AAPlanner 8.0, FormMail, XAMPP, LAMP, Linux, Apache TomCat, GlassFish, Apache Derby, Windows Vista/7/XP/2008,UNIX, Linux, DOS
Contact this candidate