Tapan Dipakbhai Lokhandwala

Email: abom9d@r.postjobfree.com Mobile: +918*********, +917*********

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Overall Experience – 12 Years
Currently working with Cisco Systems India (June 2022 – till date)

JOB DESCRIPTION
Working as a Cisco TAC engineer for service provider(SP) domain.
Role is targeted to support SP CORE network domains.
Role requires taking ownership of high priority and visibility issues for client.
Taking technical escalations from client for high impacting issues and troubleshooting where deep dive to issues and technical assistance is required.
Troubleshoot issue reported to the service request it could be P1,P2 or P3.
Device involved ASR9k, ASR920, NCS5k

Microland Ltd (May 2021 – June 2022)
Designation: Versa SD-WAN TAC Engineer.

JOB DESCRIPTION
Helps customer solve reported product and network problems of varied complexity.
Replicate the customer issues in lab environment.
Break and fix support for all Versa SD-WAN software solutions.
Troubleshooting all issue reported for SD-WAN by the customers
Work with engineering teams to replicate customer issues and test possible fixes.
Create knowledge articles for subordinates and other team member.

Wipro Ltd (June 2018 – May 2021)
JOB DESCRIPTION
Plan, Design and Implementation of new solutions in the customer network.
Configuration and Management of all the devices as per the UMMT (Unified MPLS Mobile Transport)
architecture which includes the devices like ASR 9000 series (IOS XR) NCS 55A2, ASR 903 and 920.
Worked on IP Routing Protocols ISIS, OSPF, BGP, MP-BGP and MPLS.
Configurations and Troubleshooting of MPLS L3 VPN, L2 VPN, BFD for Fast Convergence.
Configurations and Troubleshooting MPLS NNI connectivity issues with inter-AS Option A, B and C.
Managed and controlled the escalations functional one as well as operational from customer facing and
other entities.
Existing network design improvement support with solution designing and validation and providing
customer documents for solution (HLD, LLD, MOP, NIP).
Lead to Bharti MPLS network SP domain implementation & migrations of LDOS devices.
Worked on Migration Planning & execution of 7600 to ASR9k.
Responsible for IOS Upgradation, MOP preparation, Config Generation, Integration, Hardware AT &
Software AT of various CISCO devices implementation.
Worked on Cisco ASR 903/920 Implementation in Bharti MPLS network.
Success fully completed the automated process of A903/920 implementation in MPLS Network by
automatic generating Config file by providing some of the inputs.
Network Automation, closely work with developers and readiness of config for automation.
Network Automation, giving inputs to developers from network for automating the process of migration &
build activities.
IOS-XR, IOS-XE, NX-OS up gradation of all kind of routers.
Coordinating and assisting Cisco TAC (Technical Assistance Centre) in case of any telecom hardware or
software bugs/failure related issues and timely resolution of same.
Planning of field resources as per project deadlines.
Single Point of technical queries contact for L1-L2 technical teams of partners who are deploying devices infield.

Synophic Systems Pvt Ltd (August 2016 – June 2018)
Client: Cisco system
Designation: senior operation engineer, IP/MPLS network.
JOB DESCRIPTION
Configuration and troubleshooting of cisco switches & routers.
Providing support to the IP/MPLS network.
Providing support to concerned team for the immediate restoration of site/link and ETR for customer communication, share ‘reason for outage’ with NOC team/upper management.
Trouble shoot core network faults.
Taking care of the end-to-end operations flow in IP domain.
Hands on experience in ASR9K products, CISCO 7600 products, CRS products, ASR1K products, CISCO GSR12K products

Reliance Jio Infocomm Ltd (April 2015 – August 2016)
Designation: Network Assurance IP Engineer.
Managing day-to-day fault occurrence in the IP/MPLS network.
Trouble shoot core network faults.
Managing trouble ticket raised by the monitoring team for the core network.
Responsible for managing highly complex technical issues involving multiple technology for IP/MPLS networking.
Conducting regular testing of networks and services in accordance with our processes.
Escalation of faults to TAC Core after carrying out the preliminary analysis as per the process.
Trouble shoot all the Core faults and resolve the same within the SLA.
Ensure all Down Services are escalating in accordance with documented procedures.
Sequel mynd sollution Ltd (June 2014 – April 2015)
(Deployed at Reliance Jio project for network implementation)
Designation: Network Engineer.
Network implementation.
Trouble shoot core network faults.
Managing trouble ticket raised by the monitoring team for the core network.
Responsible for managing highly complex technical issues involving multiple technology for IP/MPLS networking.
Conducting regular testing of networks and services in accordance with our processes.
Escalation of faults to TAC Core after carrying out the preliminary analysis as per the process.
Trouble shoot all the Core faults and resolve the same within the SLA.
Ensure all Down Services are escalating in accordance with documented procedures.

Alcatel Lucent Managed Services Ltd. (On Pay role of World Class service) (December 2013 – June 2014)
Client: Rcom
Designation: Network provisioning Engineer, Wire line Network operation (CORE)
JOB DESCRIPTION
Network planning, provisioning and troubleshooting on metro Ethernet network consisting of Cisco, Huawei switches (C3750/C3550/C3400/W200/W400) and routers (C7609/M38/W600).
Planning lease line, L3VPN, L2VLL, dedicated internet access (DIA) services in OSS and NMS, Metro-E Network.
MACD (Migration, Addition, Create and Delete) changes for the Metro Ethernet access and TDM links.
Providing technical support to field engineers.

Javi Systems India Pvt. Ltd. (April 2013—November 2013)
Designation: Network Support Engineer

JOB DESCRIPTION
Configuring, managing, and providing network support to BB-NOC team of MTNL-Mumbai.
Ensuring high service availability with strict SLA for their mission critical data service.
Handling incident management, Fault management, and optimization, troubleshooting of existing Issues in the global network.
Being a part of NOC, main role is to manage and monitor domestic and global enterprise local and wide area network services.
Monitor various routers and communications equipment that comprise the corporate network.
Responsibility also included proactively monitor enterprise network and their services.
Configuring and monitoring 3Com switch, troubleshooting networking issues, testing network performance, maintaining network communications, monitoring system conditions
NR Switch n Radio Service (April 2012-March 2013)
Client: ZTE
Designation: Network Support Engineer
JOB DESCRIPTION
Providing support for switch configure to field engineer.
Monitor enterprise network and their services.
Monitor various routers and communications equipment that comprise the corporate network.

3Guys Network (October 2011 – February 2012)
Client: NSN
Designation: Technical Support Engineer
JOB DESCRIPTION
Give Technical support to Field engineer and resolve issue of customer who facing network connectivity issue.

Technical training: Virtual packet core on Cisco platform.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Layer 3 Protocols - BGP, OSPF, EIGRP, RIP, IGRP
Layer 2 Protocols – STP, RSTP, MSTP
Having knowledge of MPLS.
VRF Based Routing.
Network planning, configuration in Metro Ethernet Network consisting of Cisco, Juniper, Huawei Switches (C3750/C3550/C3400/W200/W400) & Routers (C7609/W600).
Hands on Experience on Cisco and Huawei Switches and Routers.
Good knowledge and operational experience in OSS tool –Clarity.

ACADEMIC PROFILE
B.E. (Electronics & Telecommunication) from Sardar Patel University V.V. Nagar, Anand, Gujarat.

CERTIFICATION COMPLETED
Cisco Certified Network Associate (200-301)
CCIE Enterprise infrastructure (350-401)
Implementing Cisco Enterprise Advanced Routing and Services (ENARSI)( 300-410)
Implementing and Operating Cisco Data Center Core Technologies (DCCOR)( 350-601)
Implementing and Operating Cisco Service Provider Network Core Technologies (SPCOR)( 350-501)
ITIL

PERSONAL DETAILS
Father’s Name - DipakBhai Lokhandwala
D.O.B - 22 September 1990
Gender - Male
Marital status - Married
Nationality - Indian
Languages Known - English, Hindi, Gujarati
Passport Number - U1898231
Contact Address - C-12, chaitan reddy apartment, 76, Opp. Vagdevi school, munnekolala, marathalli, Bangalore, 560037.
DECLARATION
I hereby declare that the above written are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Place – Bangalore Tapan Lokhandwala
Contact this candidate