Allen Gomes
Dartmouth, Ma *****
508-***-****
ad05cg@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Objective
To make positive contributions as a Network Engineer in an organization that promotes individual opportunity and professional growth.

Technical Skills Summary

Routing Protocols - MPLS, BGP, OSPF, EIGRP, OMP
Cisco Routers –, 2900, 3900, 4000 ISR-1100 - 4G-6G, Vedge 1000 2000 Series.
Cisco Catalyst Switches – 2900, 3850, 4507, 6500 & Nexus 5X/7X Series.
Cisco VOIP, VPN, ASA & Fortinet Firewalls, QOS, IPSEC, & TACACS, VSAT
Juniper Switches - EX4200-POE
Cisco & Aruba Wireless - Access Points, WLC, WCS,
Management Tools – Visio, Riverbed, Office 2007/ 2010 / 2013/ 365, Wireshark
Netbrain, Solar Winds, Splunk, Infoblox, Snow, & Genisys

Boston Childrens Hospital
Dec 2021 – Present
Network Analyst II
Professional Experience & Accomplishments

Provide Network Engineering and Support, Initiate and track Cisco TAC case tickets.
Participated in the Layer 2 To Layer 3 conversion. This project involved converting the access layer from switched
to routed with the deployment of 200 Cisco 9407 switches.
Knowledge of Cisco Wireless AP & WLC configuration, troubleshooting, provisioning, and installation.
Responsible for the creation of infrastructure designs between geographically distributed locations.
Having a knowledge and solid understanding of licensing, cabling standards, contracts, vendors and SLA requirements.
Knowledge of DNA Center, cloud computing, automation & VMware through study and training as SD Wan Engineer.
Configured VPN routing & VXLAN and switching platforms.
Responsible for performing IOS-XE software upgrades on Cisco 9300, 4507 & 6500 hardware.
Responsible for replacing aging legacy campus 3850, 4500 & 6500 switches that EOL.
Responsible for troubleshooting, traffic shaping, traffic shifting and datacenter infrastructure connectivity.
Knowledge of Arista 755 chassis & 7000 Data Center and campus switches.
Responsible for the OSPF optimization, routing domain path isolation and connectivity requirements.
I am a Senior Network Engineer with over 25 years of experience in networking with various vendors and technologies.
I require minimal supervision, and often complete tasks and projects ahead of schedule.

Verizon
March 2020 – Sept 2021
Network Engineer/Consultant
Professional Experience & Accomplishments

Viptela SD-WAN Deployment. Responsible for the implementation, integration, configuration, development, and support of all stages of the SD-WAN process. This involved analyzing traffic patterns, defining QOS policies, executing WAN/LAN activation migration procedures, building IPSEC/GRE tunnels and the staging of SD-WAN appliances. Global management of all hardware provisioning, configuration and circuit monitoring was accomplished by using the Cisco vManage centralized portal GUI interface.
Manages and maintains the corporate network LAN, WAN, and WLAN systems by configuring switches and router hardware.
Resolved complex network problems and systems issues by troubleshooting and resolution.
Researches all critical updates for network equipment and installs as needed.
Responsible for verifying connectivity for voice and data connections, Wi-Fi, install data housing, cable troubleshooting, repair, and removals.
Experience with building and deploying Aruba wireless access points with a good understanding of wireless controllers.
Adheres to all change control processes and configuration standards
Serves as a technical resource for the Network Operations Team to provide solutions to complex hardware and software issues.
Work well with others and contribute to a positive work environment utilizing conflict resolution skills when necessary.

Sanofi Pharma
January 2018-2020
Network Engineer/Consultant
Professional Experience & Accomplishments

Provided ongoing support of network systems of high complexity in commercial and corporate environments to fulfill business requirements and ensure stable and reliable network services.
Responsible for the implementation of new global network infrastructure and given the full responsibility to re-design a Wan location from a remote location.
Collaborated with internal teams to diagnose problems and return devices/configurations to a healthy state.
Day-to-day tasks included network performance monitoring, system design, equipment configuration, fault analysis, hardware troubleshooting, etc.
Escalates to external vendors to diagnose problems and facilitate part replacement
Participates in the on-call rotation schedule.

Lifespan Corporation
January 2017 - December 2018
Network Engineer
Professional Experience & Accomplishments

I am a Network Engineer, talented in both the theoretical and practical applications of networking. During my professional tenure I have worked primarily around Cisco solutions, but I have easily been able to grasp other vendor's products due to the background knowledge I have attained thoughout my working history.
At my present position at Lifespan I have taken on projects to deploy new sites, build new data closets, while developing network assessments to assist cliental in determining the best solutions for their current environment.
As part of a team I supported the network infrastructure for a user base of around 15000 employees, deploying routers, switches, wireless controllers, access points, and firewalls as well as numerous other appliances.

Verizon
June 2000 - November 2016
Network Engineer
Professional Experience & Accomplishments

Primary responsibilities included designing, configuring and supporting a variety of field personnel to determine the appropriate network equipment and connection methods.
Collaborated with circuit providers to troubleshoot and re-establish circuit connectivity for Frame-relay, MPLS, satellite and cellular locations.
Provided level 3 technical support for all WAN/LAN locations, built site surveys, documented LAN / WAN procedures and designed new network standards.
Performed network moves, adds, changes including configuring VLANS, Inter-VLAN routing, trunk ports, Ether channels using PAGP, LACP, HSRP and Spanning Tree protocols as required to upgrade multilayer switches to fiber in a 20-floor general office building. This capacity improvement project benefited 300 employees.
Implemented QOS in a corporate migration to VOIP for the upgrade of 100+ locations using a configuration of class maps, policy mapping and setting up QOS features on routers and PBX Servers to prioritize/standardize voice quality to reduce latency.
Developed capacity planning initiatives to monitor network traffic and make recommendations for hardware.
Developed and documented network diagrams and procedures.
Resolved complex technical problems using troubleshooting skills.
Executed change control procedures to accommodate scheduled mandatory network modification requirements.
Knowledge and experience in creating and updating network Visio diagrams.
Experience in VOIP & QOS, ACLs, Firewalls, VPN, and wireless and security technologies.
Experience working with network monitoring and management tools.
Strong analytic, leadership, teamwork and troubleshooting skills.
Motivated, self-directed manifesting ability to solve complex problems.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Demonstrated leadership by establishing goals to enable company growth.
Established professional relationships with customers to better understand challenges and priorities.

Certifications
Cisco Certified Network Professional (CCNP)
Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA)
Certified SAFe 5 Practitioner
ITIL Foundations (ITIL v4)
Certified Network Engineer (CNE)
Education
Productivity Point International - Certified Network Engineer
Alaska Computer Institute of Technology - Computer Programming and Operations
U.S Air Force - Pneudraulic Specialist
Graham Junior College - Associate of Science - Mass Communications
Contact this candidate