Mujeeb Hamidu
Network Engineer
ad07jd@r.postjobfree.com NY 917-***-****
SUMMARY

●Over 5 years of experience as a Network Engineer handling various switched and routed data networks, routing protocols (BGP, OSPF, EIGRP, RIP), and a broad range of related technologies.
●Knowledge of data communication protocols and standards including TCP/IP Model.
●Ability to use Wireshark consistently to resolve connectivity problems between hosts.
●Proficient in the configuration of routing protocols and deployment of OSPF, EIGRP, BGP, and policy routing over Cisco routers.
●Understanding of configuring various network services like DNS, DHCP, and NAT implementations with Cisco devices.
●Well-Versed in the analysis, implementation, and documentation of LAN/WAN architecture.
●Knowledge of the OSI model, TCP/IP, Internet technologies, system security, firewall infrastructure, and network.
●Good Working knowledge of Cisco Routers, Cisco Switches and Load Balancers.

SKILLS

Routing / Switching Products: Cisco Routers (4300,3900,2900,2800), Cisco Catalyst Switch (9300,6500,3850,3750,3560).

Network Technologies: OSI Layer, TCP/IP model, LAN, WAN, VoIP, DNS, DHCP, IP Subnetting, OSPF, EIGRP, HSRP, BGP, VLAN, VTP, STP, VPN, MPLS.

Security applications: Routing, Switching
Monitoring: SolarWinds.

EXPERIENCE

Memorial Sloan Kettering Center, Ny 2020 – Current Network Engineer

●Provided operational support and project implementation for Cisco-based network infrastructure, including switching, routing, cabling, and monitoring.
●Provide expert oversight to LAN performance and maintained LAN security to ensure network availability to all system users.
●Certifies in TCP/IP technologies and in administering telecommunications equipment.
●Develop several automation tools to expedite bulk activities related to DNS and Network operations.
●Manage the operations of the DHCP and infrastructure Operate system upgrades, ensuring various scripts and matched with API versions.
●Reconfigure the STP for placing the Root at the center of the network and guarding the root against unwinding topology changes.
●Managing and monitoring SNMP agents utilizing the Cisco service connection manager.

Taxi Management 2018 - 2020 Network Engineer

●Configured Multi-Homed BGP with different Service Providers, to provide internet redundancy.
●Network configured with OSPF as the primary interior routing protocol encompassing a full-mesh topology.
●Created and maintained file system, executed security and printer configuration, and realized TCP/IP addressing.
●Resolved network problems related to equipment failures, troubleshooting, and configuration problems for RIP, and EIGRP.
●Defined procedures for server maintenance including DNS systems backup and recovery.
●Detected and solved the connectivity issue caused by the DNS server down, and DHCP conflicts through the issue of double incidence.
●Worked on the escalation problems for Routing, Switching and WAN connectivity issues using ticketing systems.
●Configured STP, RSTP, Fabric-Path in the access layer, and distribution layer switches as a loop-free mechanism. ● Coordinated development and maintenance of network benchmark standards and trained Site Coordinators with simple network troubleshooting techniques.

Bronx community college Intern 2017 - 2018
General support / escalation point for network events/ issues
Monitored servers and escalated emergency technical issues beyond scope to maintain optimum up-time.
Managed, tracked, and coordinated problem resolution and training materials for installation and configuration activities.
Assisted in the installation and configuration of routers switches and access point.

Weatherford International IT Support Technician 2014 - 2017
Troubleshot and diagnosed problems to accurately resolve a wide range of technical issues.
Trained users on how to operate components and system.
Explain technical information in clear terms to non-technical individuals to promote better understanding.
Responded to support requests from end-users and patiently walked individuals through basic troubleshooting tasks.

EDUCATION

Associate of Science: Computer Information System
Bronx Community College

CERTIFICATION

Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNP) in progress
Comptia Security +
Cisco Certified Network Engineer (CCNA) Active
Contact this candidate