HANS N. SCHAEFERS
352-***-**** ad0p8v@r.postjobfree.com
**** ***** ******** *****, ********* FL 34452
Senior IT Manager – Information Systems
Strategic IT Management Professional with a career record of delivering business critical, large-scale telecommunications and security projects and directing network operations. Experience in network engineering and full lifecycle of project management. Resourceful in uncovering and capitalizing on opportunities to improve processes that elevate productivity and control costs. Key member in shaping long-term direction of technology infrastructure with demonstrated leadership and ability to develop and motivate teams to exceed expectations. Logistics, Cost Reduction, Procurement/Purchasing, Vendor Relations, Scheduling, Deployment/Migrations Risk Management, IT Infrastructure/Design, IT Strategy, IT Security, Network Administration Process Improvement, Project Management, QA/Testing, Technical Support PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
The Villages – The Villages, FL 2012 – 2023
Sr Network Engineer
Responsible for designing, coordinating and maintaining the infrastructure of The Villages. This includes The City of Spanish Springs, The City of Lake Sumter Landing, The City of Wildwood, 42 Golf courses (and growing), 56 community recreation centers, 12 libraries, both District and County Government networks, The Villages Charter School (K-12), The Villages Internet Service Provider and Cambium/Ubiquiti/MikroTik/Fortinet WAN with CAN for some examples.
● Design and maintain small ISP services for direct synchronous ethernet delivery from 10Mbps to 1Gbps for 300+ clients. Maintained associated client firewall and BGP redundant infrastructure while maintaining redundancy and dynamic scalability.
● Provide Purple team interactions as team member for network security with scheduled repeating event action reviews and exercise implementation with remediation.
● Provide SOC Functions associated with the network team by reviewing Alerts and Events on a daily basis. These include associated logs, predefined alerts, Netflow baseline comparison, and associated network monitoring tools to identify potential indices of compromise and assist with mitigation as needed.
● Maintain global reachability with minimal latency for Point of Sales devices and services for over $29M in online or store transactions per week.Sustaining SD-WAN and low latency Human to Machine interactions with multiple vendor requirements.
● Design, implement, and maintain infrastructure and services for K-12 students, teachers, and associated administrators. Google Admin, CIPA requirements, Skyward, AVID, AdvancedED, to also include 1:1 initiative for students from grades 5-12. Integration with Sumter County School Board and full remote access for all teachers and administrators.
● Designed and implemented a Meraki solution for teleworks during COVID19. Total workers migrated for all managed companies was approximately 6,700 over a 1 week period. This included product procurement, template design, testing, securing, onboarding, deployment and monitoring.
● Design, implement and maintain Cisco Call Manager with Contact Center implementations for five major companies averaging 1500 phones each.
● Facilitated Phone migration from on premise to cloud platforms. Cloud services include WebEx, 8x8, and NUSO. Migrations and contact center moves as well as personnel coordination and meeting management for feature testing and implementation in some cases over multiple years.
● Facilitated two major IP migrations due to Service Provider limitations. The process facilitated an increase of bandwidth from 25Mbps on a single ISP to 5Gbps with redundant ISPs using BGP. Subnet management from single /29 subnet to 5/24 subnets and then eventually to 1/22 subnet for BGP implementation as The Villages Service Provider continues to grow with backbones now at 60Gbps and planned upgrades to reach 100Gbps speeds.
● Maintain ULL for HFT requirements. Facilitated ultra-low latency for high frequency trading on several networks through the use of monitoring tools, coordinating with system admins to reduce API latency, and optimizing network performance on available equipment. Advanticom – Pittsburgh, PA 2011– 2012
Senior Network Engineer
Employed as Senior Network Engineer for Advanced Infrastructure and Unified Communications Team with team supervision of Voice, Data and Security engineers totaling eight people.
● Recognized by several clients as the best technician they have worked with based on feedback from surveys and performance reviews. Maintained 96+% average of non issue recurrence.
● Project and tactical execution of projects, service, MAS work while assisting with shaping practice area, development team training and Best Practices Development.
● Recognized by CIO and CEO members as Leadership by Example for the 4th physical quarter in 2011 for team involvement and leadership.
● Identified over 386 sales opportunities for sales engineering and per-sales activities in current clients where technology and standards implementation were neglected or left unidentified due to knowledgeable staff that was detrimental to client productivity and resource management.
● Built Standard Kits for fast deployment of upgrade of initial install of technology for clients. I reduced Cisco suggested standard deployment times by four to six hours reducing consumed project time from an average of 8 hours or more depending on the size of the project. This provided an increase of 25% profitability on related projects. New Horizons of Pittsburgh – Pittsburgh, PA 2008 – 2011 Certified Cisco Systems Instructor
Teach 18 courses encompassing CCNA, CCDA, CCSP, and CCVP focusing on knowledgeable theory and application experience. Serve as subject matter expert (SME) for all US-based New Horizons centers. Contribute to course development, implementation and strategic planning of associated Cisco content. Frequently requested for private training by US military and leading corporations.
● Recognized in 2009 and 2010 by New Horizons as the leading Cisco Instructor based on student feedback and performance. Maintained 90+% average student passing standard.
● Named leading North American instructor by Cisco in 2010 for maintaining the highest level of student satisfaction and maintaining the most days of training delivered within the US and Canada.
● Recognized in 2010 by Cisco to be within the TOP 5 best worldwide trainers. Comcast – Pittsburgh, PA 2003 – 2008
Local Area Management Supervisor
Directed all operations for systems supporting 28M subscribers across multiple states, as well as a team of 5. Oversaw strategic technical planning and disaster recovery efforts. Recommended systems and equipment improvements, as well as process improvement training programs, and provided end-user support for connectivity issues.
● Maintained 90% or better uptime for multiple lines of converged communications services, effectively saving millions annually by avoiding service level penalties and service deficiencies.
● Developed standards, policies, and communication coordination in support of enterprise-wide introduction of Local Area Management Centers (LMC). Created a unified approach to training which facilitated quick, coordinated efforts during implementation that minimized downtime and service interruptions.
● Managed full lifecycle of Voice Over Broadband rollout in Pittsburgh, Maryland, Orlando, and other major cities along the eastern sea border. Resolved roadblocks caused by lack of communication and missing /misleading documentation to deploy services 5 weeks ahead of schedule. Minimized downtime despite equipment failures by enforcing redundancy planning.
● Increased employee efficiency and slashed issue resolution time by an average of 28 minutes. Sourced and implemented TypeItIn Network to 300+ operation center personnel. Enhanced efficiency by 35% or more throughout departments in and associated with LMC.
● Solidified LMC team and boosted low morale. Established a new sense of purpose and pride throughout the department by enhancing visibility within the company on the role of LMC. Clarified job scope and implemented educational track and training for employees. Leveraged virtual setting and remote conferencing to control costs. US Air Force – Worldwide 1997 – 2004
Communications Systems Specialist
Oversaw technical and network operations for various communications systems worldwide. Enforced strict security compliance, developed standard, and directed a team of 4 equipment installation and testing technicians in troubleshooting and repair. Served as quality assurance inspector and developed training materials, as well as all inspection and maintenance documentation. Managed all third-party commercial providers.
● Designed speed reference system to reduce time and increase accuracy of hazardous materials identification. Saved $10M+ in potential costs associated with improper treatment or disposal, and an additional $10M associated with personnel injury.
● Masterminded comprehensive base training program operations for 2500 personnel with maintaining deployment of 94%+ of team. Encompassed all aspects of training from basic CPR through M16 training, emergency/disaster preparedness, and chemical warfare instruction. Exceeded Air Force Readiness expectations for anytime-anywhere availability.
● Managed transition from manual to automatic maintenance and order fulfillment system. Saved average of 6000 reams of paper per month by implementing Core Automated Maintenance System (CAMS). Facilitated quicker response to maintenance repair requests— slashing time from 2-3 day to ~5 hours.
ADDITIONAL CONSULTING EXPERIENCE
2011: Aerotech – Re-designed Voice Network to provide country specific integration with cost reduction. This enabled a global company to have direct non-international presence in over 90 countries at minimal cost while providing advanced services and to support for local clients. Estimated company saving was $1.4 million annually.
2011: MBHC – Security infrastructure refresh was completed to address new government standards for healthcare. Implemented new designated off-site backup with redundant firewalls and communication systems. Deployed industry standard and cutting edge technology empowering employees and security practices to increasing network performance and employee productivity. 2011: Passavant Memorial Homes – Phone system upgrade from antiquated Wintell 2000 system for five sites spread over Connecticut, Ohio and Pennsylvania. Total phone installation included 400 phones with Tail End Hop Off(TEHO). TEHO reduced interoffice communication costs and long distance billing by 75%. Estimated company savings of $150K annually. 2011: Kadmon Pharmaceuticals – Phone System and Security upgrade from older version of Cisco Unified Communications Manager (CUCM) and PIX firewalls. Installed New CUCM and Unity Connection systems to include full LDAP integration for single sign on. Replaced PIX system with new ASA system and implemented SSL user forward facing features. Provided for Easy VPN and direct HTTP proxy through ASA for light weight clients and netbooks.
2010: Led comprehensive Cisco Security Systems implementation for banking systems client from elimination of legacy equipment through installation of modernized hardware solutions including Adaptive Security Appliance (ASA), Crypto Card, Cisco Secure Access Control Server (ACS), SSL Remote Desktop through ASA as a concentrator in HSRP DFR. Updated IP routing from IGRP/OSPF/static/BGP hybrid network to EIGRP/BGP4 network.
EDUCATION & CERTIFICATIONS
BS – Information Systems Management & Professional Communication – Robert Morris University Cisco Certifications – CCENT, CCNA, CCDA, BCSI, BCMSN, CCNA Voice, CCNP-Voice, CCNA Security, CCSP, CCNP-Security, SNRS, SNAF, SNAA, IPS, CCSI,IPS Specialist,ASA Specialist, NSA & CNSS Certifications – CNSS Information System Security (INFOSEC) Professional, CNSS Information Assurance Training Standard for System Administration
Contact this candidate