Rehan Sayeed

**** ****** **.
Warrenton VA, ***87
331-***-**** ad0rxq@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/rehan-sayeed

Network Engineer
CCNA Routing/Switching/Voice/Collaboration

Highly motivated and detail-oriented Network Engineer with 6+ years of hands-on experience and solid foundation in networking principles and protocols. Eager to contribute my skills to support and enhance network operations. Possessing a strong aptitude for troubleshooting and problem-solving, I am committed to ensuring the seamless functioning of network infrastructure. Proficient in network configuration, monitoring, and maintenance, with a keen interest in staying abreast of the latest industry trends and technologies. Seeking an opportunity to collaborate with experienced professionals, learn and grow within a dynamic team, and play a key role in driving organizational success.

Cisco IT Support:
Cisco VoIP, Data, Wireless, Security Analysis, Cisco Router Firewall Security, Network Administration, Information System Security Management and. Cisco Call Manager Troubleshooting and Maintenance along with SIP, SBC, LRT, CUC, UCCX, VGs, Cisco Meraki, Cisco ASA, Cisco TAC, Cisco IOS,

Protocols and Processes:
SMTP - IMAP - IP - SNMP - IPSec - IPX/SPX - Telnet -H323 / SIP / MGCP / SCCP/BGP (Border Gateway Protocol) /CDP (Cisco Discovery Protocol) / DHCP (Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol) / FTP (File Transfer Protocol) /IGRP/EIGRP (Enhanced Interior Gateway Routing Protocol) /IP (Internet Protocol) / SMTP (Simple Mail Transfer Protocol) / SSH (Secure Shell) /Multicast /NAT (Network Address Translation) /OSPF (Open Shortest Path First) /QoS (Quality of Service) /RIP (Routing Information Protocol)/ VLAN (Virtual Local Area Network)/ RDP (Remote Desktop Protocol)/LAN(Local area Network)/WAN(Wide area Network)

Professional Experience:

(November 2021-Current)
Burr Ridge, IL
Network Engineer
Accel Entertainment
Worked very closely alongside with Senior Network Security Engineer gaining valuable hands-on experience, fostering a strong learning environment and contributing to the team's success
Setting up and configuring Cisco Meraki Equipment, uplinks, VLAN’s, testing VPN connections
Responsible for all Network related alarms within SIEM tools (AlienVault), documenting and creating investigations
Responsible for mapping and creating Network Diagrams in Visio
PRTG admin actively monitoring adding/removing sensors adjusting thresholds and organizing Network infrastructure
Utilizing and deploying advanced security tools such as Cisco Umbrella's cloud-based security platform and SentinelOne endpoint protection
Migrated on-premises servers to Azure VM’s maintaining high standards of scalability, and performance

(March 2018-October 2021)
Elk Grove Village, IL
IT/Network Operations Analyst
Sirius Computer Solutions (CDW) Data Center
Management of SLAs and vendor relations using ServiceNow and Ticket support structure.
Proactive Monitoring of Network alarms using various tools such as EM-7, PRTG, Nimsoft
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to define network requirements and develop solutions that aligned with business objectives.
Creating and maintaining detailed technical documentation, including system specifications, user manuals, and troubleshooting guides.
Analyzing and interpreting data to extract valuable insights and support data-driven decision-making processes.
Conducting in-depth analysis of existing IT systems and processes to identify areas for improvement and optimization.

(Sep 2017- March 2018)
Highland Park, IL
IT/Network Support Lead
BrowArt23
Making and receiving various calls from our locations and providing front end support
Conducting training sessions and workshops for end-users to familiarize them with new software applications and technologies. Troubleshooting and resolving technical issues in house and working closely with team members assisting/guiding
Implementing new technologies and being a part of effectively creating new ways and systems throughout the locations
Responding to and resolving IT incidents and service requests in a timely and efficient manner.
Tracking and managing IT assets, including hardware, software licenses, and warranties.
Analyzing system performance data to identify bottlenecks and areas for improvement.

Schaumburg, IL
Network Analyst (Jan 2017- Aug 2017)
Motorola Solutions- Network Operations

Management of SLAs and vendor relations using Remedy and E-Bonding Ticket support structure.
Participating in ongoing training sessions to stay up to date with the latest radio network technologies and Motorola's proprietary solutions.
Responding to and resolving network-related incidents and service requests within defined Service Level Agreements (SLAs)
Reactive and Proactive Maintenance/Troubleshooting including various vendor dispatches.
WAN Troubleshooting and Carrier coordination with various vendors for different issues involving circuit outages for MPLS/T1/PRI/Fiberoptic/MetroEthernet etc.
Support of VMWare, VDI solutions and network related issues of end users.

Northbrook, IL
Jr. Network Tech (Oct 2016- Jan 2017)
Astellas Pharma
Diagnosing and resolving basic network connectivity issues under the guidance of senior technicians.
Assisting in managing and organizing network cabling infrastructure.
Helping maintain an inventory of network equipment, licenses, and warranties.
Assisting in managing software patches and updates for network devices under guidance
Supporting basic remote access solutions, such as VPN, for remote users.
Education:

Class of 2014
James B. Conant High School (Hoffman Estates, IL)
o3.5 GPA
oMembership’s including, IT club, Auto’s club, Robotics club

Class of 2016
William Rainey Harper College (Palatine, IL)
oAssociate degree (Network Administration)
o3.1 GPA

(CCNA R/S)
Cisco Certified Network Associate Routing And Switching 200-120 ID # (CSCO13053367) 2016
(CCNA Collaboration)
Cisco Certified Network Associate Implementing Cisco Collaboration Devices 210-065 ID # (CSCO13053367) 2016

Actively Pursuing Microsoft AZ-900 to enhance my expertise in cloud computing and demonstrate proficiency in fundamental Azure concepts

Computer Capabilities - Operating Systems: Windows 2000/XP/Vista/7/8/10/11. Applications: Microsoft Office Suite, Networking, Cisco IOS, UNIX, Linux, Hardware - Basic PC upgrades/repairs, full builds, Network cabling, connectivity troubleshooting, hard drive recoveries, server migrations, component level replacements.

Other Technical Skills:
Network Configuration, Network Troubleshooting, Network Security, Network Monitoring, Cloud Networking, Virtualization, Network Design, Network Performance Optimization, Network Documentation, Network Automation, Kaseya VSA, AlienVault, SentinelOne, Cisco Umbrella, PRTG, Azure Adobe Acrobat, Active Directory, Remedy, Call Manager, DNS, DHCP, PowerShell Scripting and automation

Hardware: Cisco Routers and Switches, Firewalls, Servers, AP’s, NIC’s, Modems, Network cables, Patch panels, VOIP phones, NVR’s, IP Cameras

Operations Systems: Windows NT, Windows 2000 Professional, Windows XP Professional, Windows Vista Ultimate and Windows 7/8/10,11 UNIX, Linux, AS/400, Windows Server, Cisco IOS, macOS, Android, iOS, VMware, Hyper-V

Languages:
oEnglish
oUrdu
oHindi
oArabic
Contact this candidate