SHIVARAJ SORATUR
I T Network Engineer
Mobile:+919********* E-mail:ad0ty2@r.postjobfree.com
Address: At/Post: Gojanur Taluka: Laxmeshwar District: Gadag State: Karnataka Seeking mid-level assignments as Network Engineer (Information technology Network Engineer), Desktop Support Engineer, System Administrator, System Admin, CCTV Engineering IT Industry,
PROFILESYNOPSIS
» A professional with experience as a I T Network Engineer& System administrator, Desktop Support Engineer, System Admin.
» Successfully completed B. E & Diploma (Electrical and Electronic Engineer) from VTU Belgaum & DTE Board Bangalore
» Exposure to various application Network like Router, Switch, System, Telecom, Firewall Access Point Cisco, CCTV etc.
» Proved worth in many projects with clients such as MMRC Mumbai Metro Line-3.
» Update with the changing trends in IT Industry
» A sense of urgency, commitment and focus on the right priorities to develop solutions in a timely fashion.
» An effective communicator with technical, reasoning, and analytical skills. I T Skills
» Possesses sound knowledge of Windows, MS Office, Switch, Router, Telecom, 1.Network Trouble Shooting.SystemTroubleShooting.
2.TroubleShooting for Networking (LAN,WANConnection) 3.CCNA is completed for Network Bulls Academy
4. Configuration for Switches/Routers (Cisco, T P link Products) 5. Basic Trouble Shooting for Firewall Sophos
6. Trouble Shooting for System and Hardware’s
7. Basic Troubleshooting for SDWAN
8. TroubleshootingAll Types of Printers
9.TroubleShootingCCTVCameraandInstallation
10. Troubleshooting All Types of Printers
11. Excellent a tMicrosoftOffice (2007, 2010, 365) 12. Troubleshooting TBM Communication (PLC, Internet, CCTV) 13. Basic Trouble Shooting for VPN Connection
14. Troubleshooting TBM Networking, Telecom,
15. Trouble Shooting Cisco Wireless Router and Access Points 16. Troubleshooting for IPV4 IP Addressing
17. Troubleshooting for Network Administrator
18. Troubleshooting for Internet Connection
19. Basic Troubleshooting for Polo Alto 5 months’ Experience 20. Basic knowledge understanding of various routing protocols like BGP, OSPF and EIGRP 21. Server installation
22. CCTV Installation and Trouble Shooting
EXPERIENCE
1. Dogus Soma JV Mumbai (01/12/2018 to 20/07/2023) IT Network Engineer, System Admin, Desktop Support Engineer, Technical Support Engineer, System Administrator. Key Roles
Contacted manufacturers and vendors for warranty repairs and replacements.
Maintained hardware and software for networks and assisted in installation and upgrade of servers.
Designed and updated networks, infrastructures, and network scanning.
Engineered and implemented technology solutions to support network systems, software, and hardware.
Collaborated with other teams to support new network installation and provide cross-functional solutions.
Established, repaired, and optimised networks by installing wiring, cabling, and devices.
Operated, maintained, and troubleshot network systems.
Maintained various data communications systems.
Performed backup and disaster-recovery operations to protect computer networks.
Investigated and corrected problems with printers, copiers, and other peripheral devices.
Supported users to tackle issues involving network and data communications.
Installed new hardware compliant with operating systems.
Upgraded network, operating system, and application software.
Troubleshot and resolved issues with peripheral devices such as printers and copiers for end users.
Installed and configured various operating systems and applications, enhancing system capabilities.
Collaborate effectively with IT support teams, enabling swift maintenance and repair for system faults.
Provided professional, reliable desktop, laptop, and server support, reducing operational downtime due to system faults.
Installed, configured, and maintained LAN software and hardware related to servers, personal computers, and printers.
Basic knowledge of Checkpoint, Palo Alto and MS Azure to support network security and performance.
Installed improved network solutions, increasing computer performance, and eliminating recurring malfunctions.
Managed new user account set up, permissions and passwords for employees.
Provided ongoing, proactive, and helpful technical support for people using network.
Independently managed day-to-day admin and monitoring of network use.
Updated and issued hardware and performed network-wide software and security updates.
Successfully kept network operating efficiently and securely.
Diagnosed and resolved complex network problems. 2. Canvera Digital Technologies Private Limited, Bangalore (01/09/ 2015 – 30/05/ 2017) (Electrical Maintenance Engineer 1.8Years)
Job Responsibilities for company
Interpreted detailed electrical and mechanical engineering drawings appropriately for reliable maintenance support.
Recommended changes or upgrades to electrical systems, making suggestions to enhance productivity and functionality.
Assisted in hiring, on boarding, and training Electrical Engineering recruits, selecting talent based on expertise and skills.
Provided on-call electrical support, covering emergency issues efficiently outside standard business hours.
Kept electrical machines in excellent working order by performing regular servicing, repairs, and upgrades.
Worked with meticulous precision and accuracy, ensuring faultless electrical repairs for optimised equipment performance and safety.
Attended emergency callouts regarding faulty or unsafe electrical equipment, attending within company deadlines.
Designed, planned, and produced drawings and estimates for complex metering installations.
Collaborated with engineers and technicians to design and implement new system processes.

3. Enviro Serve Private Limited (ESPL Excellence in Automation Solutions) Bangalore (01/12/2017 to 30/10/2018)
Oversaw installation, testing and maintenance of equipment.
Reviewed client notes and feedback on product issues to assist in the fault-finding and repair process.
Inspected product functionality, ensuring quality stayed excellent and efficient throughout operations.
Maintained an accurate and up to date work log, including inspection reports and installation records.
Identified and resolved technical problems by conducting thorough inspections and assessments.
Installed, repaired, replaced and quality inspected products.
Complied with warranty procedures during repairs and with warranty material on repair completion.
Maintained detailed knowledge of setting up and operating hand and machine tools including welding equipment.
Restored and replaced damaged parts to eliminate further issues.
Conducted test drives before and after repair serve. 4. SACAYA Technologies Pvt Ltd Bangalore (01/08/2023 to Till now ) 1. Project Management
2. CCTV Installation and commissioning
3. Biometric Installation and commissioning
4. IT Networking Installation and commissioning
5. Server Installation and commissioning
6.
EDCUCATION
Certificate
CCNA(Cisco Certified Network Associate)NetworkBulls-2022
Industrial automation Design (PLC, HMI, VFD Drives & SCADA) Programming and Installation.KarnatakaGerman Technical TrainingInstituteBangalore-2017 Core Qualification
Hardware and software configuration
Cisco wireless routers and switches
Network support
Network infrastructure improvement
Telecom installation
Telecommunication cable testing
Hardware installation
Computer systems installation
Desktop support
Understanding for BGP,OSPF
Server support
Laptop support
Office 365 adept
Systems upgrades
System reviews
IT support
Network performance monitoring
System troubleshooting
Hardware repairs
IT infrastructure building
Software troubleshooting
Hardware configurations
System upgrading
OSI network layers
Server/network installation & configuration
CCTV Installation and commissioning
2011-12/2014-15 B.E.(EEE)fromVTUBelgaum
2007-08/2010-11 Diploma(EEE)DTEBoardBangalore
Name : ShivarajSoratur
Date of Birth : 27Dec1989
Address
:
Shivaraj Soratur S/o. Chanaveerappa
Gojanur Taluka:-Laxmeshwar District:-Gadag 582116
Mother Tongue : Kannada
Sex : Male
Religion : Hindu
Nationality : Indian
Marital Status : Married
Languages Known : Kannada,English,Hindi,
Declaration
I hereby declare that all the above information given is true to the best of my knowledge. Place: Yours faithfully
Shivaraj Soratur
Personal Information
Contact this candidate