Ruby Allen
Houston, Texas *****

713-***-**** ad0wwo@r.postjobfree.com

A self-motivated, results-driven Network Engineer and team leader with exceptional interpersonal skills. With over 5 years of
experience, I’m seeking an opportunity of responsibilities to design, deploy, troubleshoot, make recommendations and maintain
the uptime of the network’s infrastructure.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Operating Systems: Windows 2000/2007 / XP / Vista, Microsoft Server 2003/2008, Cisco IOS, CAT OS, and Linux (Fedora, Ubuntu)

Software &
Monitoring Tools: MS Exchange, Visio, Solar Winds Engineering Toolset, Barracuda, HP Site Scope, HP IMC, OpManager, OpNET

Hardware: PC workstations, and peripherals, Citrix WANscaler load balancer, Wireless AP (1130AG, AP 3600i.),Pix
Firewall,ASA firewall, PALO ALTO (200,500,2020) Cisco Catalyst Switches/Multilayer, 2900, 3650, 4500E, 6500
& Routers 2600, 2811,2911, Cisco 7200, Cisco ASR1002. HP Procurve, H3C

Network Protocols & MPLS, OSPF, EIGRP, BGP, VRF, IPSec VPN, DMVPN, PPP, TCP/IP, SMTP, HTTP, FTP, SFTP, NAT, SNMP
Technologies QOS, PBX Phone Systems, VOIP, DNS, DHCP, Wireless 802.11 (all standards)

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

Proven track record solving IP network issues in a timely and cost efficient manner while maintaining client Service Level Agreements
up-time.
Exceptional experience working in fast-paced, deadline-oriented environments.
Strong leader with experience training and advising technical groups on best practices.
Adept at building strong business relationships with both clients and coworkers.
Posses excellent interpersonal, organizational, and communication skills.
Exceptional work ethic and attitude.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Network Engineer / Consolidated Graphics (CGX) 5/12 – 11/13

Maintained network uptime and supported 75+ remote sites to include 6000 + users.

Designed and integrated networks of newly acquired companies to the MPLS cloud with the existing network using OSPF for data and

voice.
Optimized overall data and voice network performance with the use of QoS.

Monitored and responded to network outages, working closely with the service provider to test CE and PE routers to restore

connectivity.
Served as escalation engineer for network administrators and the helpdesk staff.

Test, replaced, and, configured failed switches, routers, VWIC cards, and access points.

Responsible for the build and troubleshooting of IPSec VPN tunnels.

Responsible for the quarantine of devices from the network with the use of ACLs, when malware alerts were received.

Assisted with service provider migration from Level 3 Communications to AT&T.

Point of contact for all Project Managers to make recommendations and provide technical documentation throughout project cycles.

Analyzed bandwidth consumption and traffic utilization with OpManager to make recommendations.

Provided recommendation & approval for bandwidth capacity planning for all operating companies.

Configured circuit turnup activations for T1 Multilink Point-to-Point (MLPPP) bundles and MetroEthernet.

Responsible for monitoring and notifying operating companies of the service provider’s planned maintenance.

Provided training sessions and mentorship for operational helpdesk support.

Ruby Allen pg.1
Network Engineer /Texas Southern University 3/11 -5/12

Maintained network uptime and supported 2000+ users
Monitored and was responsible for restoring network connection outages.
Configured EIGRP routing & multilayer switching for the campus network.
Managed and maintained the Windows Server 2K8 Active Directory environment.
Performed and troubleshoot patch paneling, cable replacement (ethernet and fiber)
Performed port scannings & network discovery utilizing Netmanager and Solarwinds Engineering Toolset
Monitored campus network devices and remote domain controllers with SNMP & HP Site Scope
Monitored SNMP traps and polls, resolved issues as discovered in event logs.
Conducted server and exchange mailbox backups utilizing Barracuda’s integrated hardware/software platform.
Responsible for making recommendations on wireless deployments. Also performed site surveys for the placement of Access Points.
Configured and supported Tripp Lite UPS battery backups.

Network Administrator /TCT Alliance, Houston Texas 11/10- 1/11

Maintained network uptime and supported 100+ users
Maintained and supported Hardware/Software implementation and upgrades.
Monitored and was responsible for restoring network connection outages.
Deployed an IP camera security monitoring solution. Also provided on-going maintenance and support.
Implemented data communication hardware from installing CAT5 to PC workstations and other peripherals.

IT Student Worker/Westwood College, Houston Texas 2/08- 7/10

Maintained network uptime and supported 300+ users.

Managed and maintained the Windows Server 2003/2008 Active Directory environment.

Responsible for implementing plans to ensure the network’s optimal performance.

Responsible for securing and detecting threats of the network with the use of SonicWall firewalls.

Responsible for printer, overhead projectors, and computer lab install and deployments.

Provided local and remote desktop support, PC repair, re-imaging, and maintenance utilizing Track-It Ticketing System.

EDUCATION & CERTIFICATION

Education and Training

Westwood College - A.S. Computer Network Engineering
Completion of Cisco Networking Academy ( Routing, Switching, LAN/WAN, Wireless)

Certifications

CCNA R&S
CCNP in progress

Ruby Allen pg.2
Ruby Allen pg.3
Contact this candidate