PADMAKUMAR PALAKODE
SENIOR IT ENGINEER
+971********* - +971*********
ad0y75@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY
Senior technical professional with over 15 years of experience in design, installation, configuration, administration and troubleshooting of LAN/WAN infrastructure and security using Cisco routers/Switches, Cisco PIX / FortiGate Firewalls. Strong analytical, organizational, and problem solving skills and keen ability to identify operational deficiencies and design system improvements. Equal strength in leadership, manages technology strategy, training, and documentation. Successful at optimizing security standards, improving planning processes and managing systems implementation. Known as client- committed with an exemplary record of consistent performance. Specialties: Windows Infrastructure Technologies, Network Design, Routing & Switching, MPLS VPN, Network Virtualization, Dynamic VPN, High Availability at Data Center and Campus Networks, Network Security Analysis & Consultation, Wireless Networks Design & Implementation, Network Management, Technical Documentation. WORK EXPERIENCE
Smartworld
Senior Network Engineer
May 2022 - Present
Fewa, Ajman
Establishing smart monitoring system in Ajman using IOT devices connected to wireless and wired network to FEWA office. Project includes installing, commissioning and quality testing for all IOT devices as per the policy of Etihad water & electricity meters.
Actively works with executives to determine and implement tech needs. Commissioning of various IOT devices for Federal Electricity and Water Authority, Ajman. Coordinate with field engineers for troubleshooting water meter and electric meter, checking the connectivity both one to one and by other methods.
Suggesting guidelines for field engineers and third party engineers for resolving the issues and fixing the hardware issues of Gateway and the cabling issues of meters. Generating various EOD reports for the daily activities. Preparing the SOP for each activity so that new engineers can learn and start work without any further training. Cisco
Senior IT Consultant
Jul 2020 - Mar 2022
Expo 2020 Dubai
Instructs and leads IT staff members in support of hardware, software, and networking infrastructure. Responsible for Monitoring & Trouble shooting of Networking components - Switches, Routers, Access Points etc. installed in the Expo 2020 site.
FE support at Dubai Expo 2020 @ sustainabiliy zone, giving full support to all cisco devices installed in the Zone Worked with cisco leadership team to improve wired and wirelss network infrastructure, resulting in uptime 99% Implemented local monitoring alerts for all the aggreigation & idf rooms, by physical verification and preaparing daily reports for the same, SOD & EOD
Monitored and installed all Data Networks to support 1000+ users including ports, cabling switches, load balancing, vpn, dmps
Maintaining seamless end to end commmunication by delivering support for cisco webmeetings & deliver Tier1 network ticketing support to resolve all the issues from various users as per SLA Optimize network performance and realiability by mainitaining hardware and software analysing network related issues and ensuring system availibality to end users Led Daily "Launh & Learn "session to instruct other engineers on the best practicse of knowledge sharing Handling complaints & esclations from ZTM
Starbreeze Inc.
Senior Network Administrator
Feb 2018 - May 2020
Dubai
Starbreeze is an independent creator, publisher and distributor of high quality entertainment products with three business areas covering own Games development, games Publishing and Virtual Reality. Manage Installation & upgrade of LAN, WAN & Hardware resources. Provide POS installation and configuration of server workstations, POS store, physical cabling, and network printer installation.
Design, Set up and maintain multi-protocol WAN and new systems. Responsible for installing and managing VM-ware servers and domain controller for internal network. Monitoring network and services for gaming which includes 56 live servers with more than 1500 access points and gaming units
Ensure the smooth and adequate flow of information within the company to facilitate other business operations. Monitor inventory of office supplies and the purchasing of new material with attention to budgetary constraints. CCTV Management
Troubleshooting computer operations, Antivirus and Security, Virtual & Cloud Computing, E-mail and internet programs, IP Phone and Video Conferencing, Security system and access control, Datacenter Storage & Security Managing and resolving any Data center Issues @VR Park Dubai Mall. Projects: Cisco Cloud Router Implementation, Unifi networking devices Implementation for VR Park Dubai mall, Arcade Game Machines implementation.
Mitsumi Distributions LLC
Senior System Administrator
Feb 2014 - Jan 2018
Dubai
Mitsumi is a leading IT distribution company with HQ in Africa having 20 branches across the globe. Responsible for supporting the Mailing system, Office Network, ERP infrastructure, Citrix Server. Managing the Help desk and Customer Care support systems. Knowledgeable about disaster recovery planning, road map and team development. Maintains Company’s effectiveness and efficiency by defining, delivering and supporting strategic plans for IT implementations.
Oversee implementation of IT policies and procedures for the Company, including on boarding new employees. Oversee IT new and ongoing projects by coordinating resources and timetables with user departments and data centre.
Maintain incident sheet, tracking it for ongoing issues, proposing and implementing solutions. Meet with CEO once a month to review IT incidents, developments, hazards and opportunities. Communicate urgent IT issues immediately to Management. Preserves assets by implementing disaster recovery and back-up procedures and information security and control structures.
Maintain quality service by establishing and enforcing organization standards. 3i-infotech LLC
Project Lead
Oct 2010 - Dec 2013
Dubai Internet City
3i-infotech is a trusted global information technology company committed to empowering business transformation. With a comprehensive set of IP based software solutions and a wide range of IT services, 3i Infotech has successfully streamlined business operations of customers globally. Successfully implemented Global IP Connect, VOIP, and Videocon between offices to help reduce cost Responsible for IP-based networking solutions including switching, routing, and network security Keeps the network in optimum efficiency by analyzing it for potential problems. Provide remote or onsite support to users as and when necessary and provide Meeting support for VIP Clients/users Preparing and deploying End-User Machines in line with HR requests, providing IT Induction and training on IT Policies to users.
Managing the Microsoft Exchange Server 2007 messaging system Managing Active Directory, Group policies, user rights and permissions Managing the Panasonic TDA 100 PABX Telephone System Managing Cisco Routers, Catalyst Switches and LAN& WAN administration Managing the contractual agreements with vendors for IT assets and marketing collateral. Identify system deficiencies and recommend solutions Ensure the latest release of the Service Now application is implemented in a timely manner with minimal or no disruption.
Ensure appropriate tools and processes are in place to have a development test production environment that is reliable and reproducible.
3i-infotech LLC
Network administrator (Client site - Emirates Bank, Dubai) Jan 2007 - Sept 2010
Dubai, UAE
Critical Production Support & Help desk Management: Responsible for business critical application services uptime including RCA report submission and business coordination Inventory management: Primary responsibility to manage server HW based on IBM & HP across 4 datacenter and AMC contract mgmt
Patch management: Key role responsibility to periodically deploy MS patches through SCCM with downtime coordination, business approval and rollback management DR Coordinator: Primary responsibility to perform planned DR-drill or Adhoc DR-drill on all business critical application
Security Audit Compliance: Ensure corporate security standards across all mission critical servers and periodic audit reports
Incident management: Day-day incident mgmt and call distribution to my team as per SLA and escalation matrix Project deliverable in charge: Ensure timely delivery of all infrastructure related requirement to business Vendor management: Coordinate and log call with vendor for any server HW related issues Active Directory: Part of Administration & Monitoring team. Attending and resolving of users calls either via telephone or remotely Projects:
Migration of Core Banking Servers from: From legacy Windows NT 4.0 to Windows 2000 and later to Windows 2003 Migration Project for Terminal Server Licenses.
Migration Project of File servers hosted on Windows 2003 across different location to Windows 2008 storage server with HP replication and data protection based disaster recovery platform. EDUCATION
MBA
Information Technology
BCom
Bachelor of Commerce
Diploma
Diploma In Electronics & Computer Hardware Engineering SKILLS
Server Administration
Data Center Management
Helpdesk Management
VOIP Implementation & Troubleshooting
IT Networking
CERTIFICATIONS
Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA)
Microsoft Certified System Engineer (MCSE)
PortWise Certification in mVPN & mID
Diploma in Linux System Administration
Contact this candidate