RICHARD SMITH
Seattle, Washington ***** 480-***-**** ad1362@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn Profile: NETWORK ENGINEER
TECHNICAL LEADERSHIP LINUX AZURE CLOUD SOLUTIONS NETWORKING
Driven and dedicated Network Engineer with 15+ years of valuable experience and technical expertise identifying and resolving complex hardware/software issues. Provides accessible and innovative solutions and systems. Utilizes related technologies, tools and apps to develop and improve systems and process to meet evolving systems requirements. Excels in collaborations with technical teams for deployment, management, and operations with scalable, highly available, and fault-tolerant systems. Demonstrated success in fast-paced, demanding environments while delivering exceptional customer service and technical support. Deep skill set and comprehensive knowledge of a wide ranging, key IT systems and processes. EXPERTISE
• Azure Cloud Computing
• TCP/IP, DHCP, and DNS
• Nmap, Wireshark, iPerf
• VPN Setup and Troubleshooting
• Network Administration
• IPv4 and IPv6
• Azure Firewalls and Load Balancers
• Cisco Routers and Switches
• Juniper Edge Routers
• Routing Protocols (OSPF, BGP, EIGRP)
• Testing & Implementation
• Software Security Compliance
• Python for Network Automation
• Light experience with C and C++
Programming Languages
• Linux (Red Hat and Debian)
• Visual Studio Code
PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
CERTIFICATIONS
Cisco Certified Network Associate (Certification number: 021e4fa0c83f46e2b6b458d762984477)
AZ-700: Azure Certified Network Associate (Certification number: 68DFT4-6DB536)
AZ-900: Azure Fundamentals (Certification number: 26BBF6-0I51C4) MILITARY
Army Veteran (Dec 1995 – Dec 1999)
CAREER PROGRESSION
Azure Networking Support Engineer, LTIMindtree, Seattle, Washington Jan 2018 – May 2023 Lead role providing support to commercial accounts to resolve Azure Virtual Networking issues. Investigates and focuses on cloud-based network issues for multiple commercial accounts. Liaison to additional departments to facilitate rapid incident resolution.
Select Accomplishments:
Advised and assisted commercial customers in the designing and deployment of IaaS products within the Azure Network Product Family - to include Virtual Networks, ExpressRoute circuits and ExpressRoute Gateways, VPN Gateways, Load Balancers, Content Delivery Network, Traffic Manager, Application Gateway, Azure Firewall Service, Azure DNS, and Azure VWAN service,. Provided walkthrough assistance to deploy said products, as per request with tools such as Powershell, Ansible, Azure CLI, and the Azure Portal.
Used tools as Wireshark, iPerf, and Nmap, to investigate and troubleshoot Azure, IPv4, and IPv6 network performance issues, and network outages, such as dropped packets, slow network throughput, deployment failures, Network Security Group misconfigurations, failed SSL certificates, inaccurate routing tables, and BGP peerings. Troubleshot issues with Cisco and Juniper Edge Router devices. Analyzed log queries with Azure Data Explorer, using Kusto Query Language (KQL) to investigate VPN tunnel failure issues within Azure Fabric. RICHARD SMITH
Seattle, Washington 98106 480-***-**** ad1362@r.postjobfree.com
Liaised with third-party engineers, to investigate issues concerning third party components sold within the Azure Marketplace.
Advised on the use of Network Security Group (NSG) rules, User Defined Routes (UDRs), and assisted with the deployment of third party resources (Cisco Meraki, Palo Alto, etc.) within the Azure Marketplace.
Provided consultative recommendations on Azure resources to best serve various organizations’ objectives.
Examined Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) routing to isolate network routing issues with Azure VWAN service. Advised on how to best configure routing to facilitate peering between spoke Vnets, and VWAN hubs.
Researched scripting issues with Powershell, and provided public documentation to clear up confusion on said issues.
Pointed out areas of improvement to Knowledge Base content to increase understanding of the Azure Networking infrastructure (both on internal, and external content pages). Sought customer feedback to aid in clarifying public Knowledge Base documentation, to clear up any points of confusion with Azure documentation.
Provided documentation to customers to empower them to proactively resolve network failures.
Independently learned new programs and skills, to aid in resolving Azure Cloud Networking issues, resulting in shorter call and problem resolution times, recommended various third-party tools and documentation to aid in issue resolution.
Network Operations Center (NOC) Technician, Best Western, Phoenix, Arizona July 2017 – Dec 2017 Key role monitoring and maintaining functionality of data center hardware, internal and external applications for Best Western hotels. Remotely accessed Windows and Unix servers to perform batch file tasks as requested by different departments. Select Accomplishments:
Monitored servers and cooling units within data center to ensure optimal performance within data-center environmental parameters.
Investigated network outages with Cisco IOS, and created trouble tickets (either for internal use - or for collaboration with other teams) to drive outage issues to resolution.
Participated in equipment patching and upgrade sessions of Linux based server systems during change windows.
Significantly raised levels of support provided to the Network Operations Center by Network Engineers through quick and targeted troubleshooting emphasis.
Delivered more effective procedures to Networking and Security Teams, ensuring safety and security after-hours employees.
Liaised with external teams to focus on the importance of inter-office communication, and cohesion, resulting on streamlined problem resolution of off-hour networking problems, compensating for short-staffed support teams. Network Operations Center (NOC) Technician, Insight Global, Phoenix, Arizona Dec 2016 – Jul y 2017 Liaised with multiple departments to resolve complex technological issues, successfully ensured and maintained functionality of data center hardware, internal and external applications while monitoring data center hardware infrastructure to optimize performance within high environmental standards and parameters. Drove external service provider tickets to resolve issues. Select Accomplishments:
Managed trouble tickets - assigned tickets to the respective department for investigating data center incidences.
Created Computer Operations Activity Service reports with an overview of work performed by the Operations Department.
Originated, updated, and deactivated user accounts in both Active Directory, and Exchange Administration as needed.
Supported Engineering Teams by deactivating and re-activating services to facilitate patching and system updates. Network Operations Center (NOC) Technician, K-Force Technology, Phoenix, Arizona July 2015 – Oct 2016 RICHARD SMITH
Seattle, Washington 98106 480-***-**** ad1362@r.postjobfree.com Managed Cisco networking devices for functionality at multiple locations, including remote access of Cisco routers, switches, and wireless controllers to monitor, identify, and troubleshoot networking issues. . Select Accomplishments:
Configured devices to specification to allow wireless access points, Voice over IP (VOIP) telephones, VSAT, and other devices to communicate on data and voice networks.
Processed and successfully resolved ongoing service provider tickets. Remote Network Operations Center (RNOC) Technician, Insight Enterprises, Tempe, Arizona July 2010 – April 2015 Ensured and maintained functionality and operation of servers, Cisco routers, and switches to optimize system efficiency. Select Accomplishments:
Collaborated with service providers and engineers to provide swift resolution of ongoing trouble tickets.
Successfully analyzed systems to target and resolve problems and implement critical resolutions with minimal downtime.
Created, managed, modified, and deleted user and group Active Directory accounts, Customer Support Technician, GoDaddy, Tempe, Arizona May 2008 – March 2010 Gained valuable experience in technical and customer support for an industry-leader in website domain management, while focusing on shared, virtual dedicated, and full dedicated Linux/Windows-based server hosting services. Select Accomplishments:
Recommended web-hosting/e-commerce products and services to private and commercial customers to meet objectives in establishing online business footprint.
Co-ordinated with internal departments, to troubleshoot complex issues involving customer website content presentation.
Provided feedback for future products and services. RELEVANT TECHNICAL SKILLS
Networking : Cisco IOS, Switches, Routers, and Firewall devices.
Azure Networking Components : Virtual Networks, VPN Gateways, ExpressRoute, Azure VWANs, Virtual Machines
Scripting Languages : Powershell, Bash
Security & Compliance : Azure Firewalls, Network Security Groups
System Administration : Windows, Red Hat Linux, CentOS
Protocols : BGP, OSPF, EIGRP, TCP/IP, SPF, HSRP
Virtualization Technology: VirtualBox, KVM, Azure Cloud
Contact this candidate