Dalors Raymond

Network Engineer connectivity

Personal information

Address: **** ** ***** ** *** Miami Gardens, FL 33056
Phone: +305*******
Languages: English, French, Spanish, Creole
E-mail: ad1356@r.postjobfree.com
University Studies
Centro Tecnologia universal (CENTU), year 2011, Dominican Republic
Diploma: Programming Technician with Visual Languages.
Introduction to Programming, Visual Basic, Microsoft SQL Server 7.0 Delphi 7.8 Microsoft Visual Basic 6.0, Active Server Page (ASP)
CENTU (Centro Tecnológica universal) year 2011, Dominican Republic
Hardware and Software Certificate
Network and Cable. Certifícate
Centro Tecnología Universal, year 2011, Dominican Republic
Exploration: Network Fundamental (CCNA1). Certificate Cisco

Instituto Tecnológico De Las Américas, year 2011, Dominican Republic
Exploration: Routing Protocols and Concepts (CCNA2). Certificate Cisco

Instituto Tecnológico De Las Américas, year 2012, Dominican Republic
Exploration: LAN Switching and Wireless (CCNA3). Certificate Cisco
Instituto Tecnológico De Las Américas, year 2012, Dominican Republic
Exploration: Accessing the wan (CCNA4). Certificado Cisco

Instituto Tecnológico De Las Américas, year 2012, Dominican Republic
IT Information Technology. Cisco Certificate Cisco CompTIA A +
Instituto Tecnológico De Las Américas, year 2013, Dominican Republic
Cisco Certified Network Professional
Implementing IP Routing (CCNP1)
Implementing IP Switching (CCNP2)
Maintaining networks (CCNP3)
Certificate Cisco CCNP
Certificate CCTV Camera by surveillance
Certificate Cisco Cybersecurity
Certificat Cisco Internet of Everything

Cisco Certifications CCNA
Cisco ID CSCO12472203
Fiber optic, Point Networks, data, voice Structured copper cabling networks and UTP
Cat 5e, 6e, rack assembly, labeling and certification of network points, networks
Wireless, Point-to-Point connection configuration switch, router, ip phone, firewall,
RIP, EIGRP, OSPF, BGP, VLAN, VLAN TRUCKING, VTP, STP routing protocols
NAT, PAT, ACL, DHCP, RSTP, PVSTP, routing protocols: IGP, (RIP, OSPF AND EIGRP), EGP
(BGPv4 and IS-IS), VPNs (IPSec, Site-to-Site, SSL, PPTP, L2TP), LAN Switching (VLANs and private
VLANs, VTP v2 and v3, Spanning-tree protocols and referrals), QoS Y quality of service
Stack TCP / IP configuration Switch Fortinet, Fortigate, Network Monitor forticlient analyzer, vpn, configuration cisco switch meraki access point. Ubiqui antenna configuration etc

Cisco Establishment, 2016, Dominican Republic Linux
Work experience
Mi-Grosa S.A, Period 2005 – 2009, HAITI
supervisor, I was responsible for checking in and out of product containers.
MetR Cyber Net (owner), Period 2005 – 2013, HAITI
Manager Position: IT Multiservice, sell IT accessory
Netpoint Technologies, Chile 2016 SUPPORT ENGINEER
Position: Technical support of networks and cctv maintenance, Structured Cabling of Voice and Data in all its Categories, configure and install Analog camera, IP, Install equipment networks POE switch, Wi-Fi, Verify the Wi-Fi security key.
Change the type of Wi-Fi encryption.
Enable the DHCP service.
Disable WPS.
Update the drivers.
Windows 10 and Wi-Fi: a bug to patch.
Configure your connection with a fixed IP address (Wifi and Ethernet)
Wolfonet Engineering Chile 2017 Network engineer
Network engineer position responsible for ensuring the maintenance of the computer system so that it works correctly, as well as its improvement. my main function is to manage the various computing resources, watch over the networks, as well as the security of the information. Configure cisco switch 2060 team, vlan. trunk, communications rack maintenance. network point, media conver, fiber optic headend, AP access point, mount a new communications rack, cabling and channeling.ect
AH Engineering and Network Asserioria chile 2018 Network engineer
Network engineer position responsible for ensuring that the company's telecommunications networks are working properly. Network migration: high-performance structured cabling rack migration, configure cisco switch 2060 equipment, 2901 router, fiber optic headend, fiber fusion, network point certification.
BSA Cementos Hormigones Nov 2018 a Dec 2019
Cargo Operator and network Security Analyzer the network Traffic wath type of information is used and what volume it has, SDWAN in each Branch Firewall Fortinet FortiGate 60E this Sd-wan configure in the main datacenter. Identify the type of network is to see what type of network is installed in the company, what type of Protocol it uses to communicante within the network and with other defined TCP / IP ETC, what type of cable connection through PSTN. Installs communications rack for fortinet and cisco equipment to poipaico MPLS router sap, switch 2960. Installs and manages fortianalyzer, forticlient, fortiswich 224, Antenna ubuquiti m5, Identifies the services and applications offered by the network. You must first know what type of services can be used and which users / arias are définie, so that latter you can configure and size the system
It performs an analysis of the vulnerabilities that the system may have, that is, it identifies its weaknesses to find solutions.

Independent Work 2019 to Today

Position: wiring, analog and IP camera installation, PC repair, hardware and software Network point, data and voice, communications rack installation. Structured Copper and UTP fiber optic fusion cabling cat 5e, 6e 6A, network point certification, cisco switch configuration, cisco router, Meraki, Ubiquiti antenna, Asa, fortinet switch, fortigate. etc

Curriculum Vitae
Contact this candidate