Harold Lewis
Candidate Details
Current Location
Charlotte, NC
Work Location
Charlotte, NC
Local or Relocation
Local
Start Date Availability
*-* *****
Interview Availability
** ***. ***** **tice
Hireable without Sponsorship
Yes
Past Employee or Contractor?
N
What makes this person a great fit for the role?
Harold has great experience as Network Engineer, he is certified with (Basics of Data Circuit Testing).
He has great experience providing and resolving issues with any customer circuit issues from OC 3 to DS0 level MPLS, VPN, and Wholesale Carrier SIP connections across legacy and NuVox networks and he has worked with local centralized offices and local carriers to get circuits installed.
He has enlisted with field techs and carriers to test and turn up Ethernet over copper circuits and has great experience Troubleshooting circuit outages, analogue and digital circuits.
He has experience with Fielded escalations and worked with customers to resolve Carrier issues router configuration, second-level escalation point for internal and external customers as well as overseeing technical escalation points for technicians and filling in for other team leads and NOC management as needed.
He has great experience attending daily meets with customers reporting all circuit outages.

SUMMARY:
CCNA Certified Network Technician with 25+ years of experience in network engineering, network control tech, and VOIP. Dedicated to implementing Wide Area Networks (WAN) and Local Networks, Troubleshooting Analog and Digital Circuits. Associated Network interfaces used to troubleshoot the network, IDNX, OSPF, TCP/UDP, SNA, X.25, Cisco Router, and Token Ring. Acted as 2nd level escalation point for internal and external customers, technical escalation points for technicians, and filled in for other Team Leads and NOC management as needed. Acted as 2nd level escalation point for internal and external customers, technical escalation points for technicians, and filled in for other Team Leads and NOC management as needed.

EDUCATION:
Central Piedmont Community College, Charlotte, North Carolina 1986 - 1988
Data Communication/Networking
WEST VIRGINIA TECH, Montgomery, West Virginia 1982 - 1983
Data Processing
COMPUTER LEARNING CENTER, Washington DC 1979
Computer Programming and Computer Operations

CERTIFICATIONS:
React-2001
ITS (Interactive Test System)
Basics of Data Circuit Testing
Frame-Relay Option 1 (Cascade Switches)

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT:
MEF Ethernet Bootcamp, 2015
CCNA Academy Program, 2001-2002

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
((Cisco routers 7500,7600, ASR-9000, MPLS, BGP, SIP, Session Border VPN Juniper MX ADTRAN, Firewall (Fortinet)) Remedy Ticket, Microsoft office.
EXPERIENCE:
Ross Aug 2022 - Jan 2023
Responsible for Circuit designs carrier selection circuit ordering provisioning
Circuit test and turn up.
Manage private Sonnet and DWDM ring maps.
Manage carrier fiber build process including the procurement of space and power.

WINDSTREAM (PAETEC), Charlotte, North Carolina Apr 2017 - Aug 2020 Specialist III Service Activations/Translations Team Lead
Network Engineer/DATA/VOIP/ETHERNET Manager
Manage a staff of Data Network Engineers, responsible for Network configurations of customers on various network systems and elements. I’m engaged in providing direction to staff through direct leadership, planning, and organization to promote a great customer experience through our work.
Work closely with various internal departments while building strong and healthy relationships to ensure continuity of workflow and attainment of Service Delivery goals.
Actively participate with process management teams in making suggestions to improve efficiency and shorten intervals to minimize interconnect costs with LECs.
Strive to standardize activations across all heritage systems and networks to implement a standard that is easily repeatable.
Look for ways to avoid consistent errors that cause a direct negative impact on the customer’s overall experience.
Lead the team to strive to recover Windstream assets in a timely fashion keep a lean process and prevent revenue loss.
Led and supervised each team member for proper training and tools to perform tasks to the best of respective abilities.
Ensured team worked under set standard operating procedures.
Served as tier three support to sales and network provisioning organization as well as back-office support on critical/complex issues.
Provided and resolved issues with any customer circuit issues from OC 3 to DS0 level MPLS, VPN, and Wholesale Carrier SIP connections across legacy and NuVox networks.
Collaborated with local centralized offices and local carriers to get circuits installed.
Worked in and operated various back-office applications (i.e., M6, F&E, React, VSR, Iris, Express, MSS, I care and more, Broad works, Plexus, and G9 servers.
Contributed to various backbone and customer premise equipment (i.e.,
Alcatel 1630 and 1631 Dacs, Titan 5500 Dacs, Cisco 7500, 7600 and ASR-9000 Aggregation routers, Lucent 5ess, Acme and Juniper Sonus SBC, and Junipers MXs).
Versed in various ADTRAN and Cisco customer premise routers and IADS.
worked on firewall (Fortinet)
Network Tickets for escalation team
Monitor Outages
Looking over tickets.

Windstream, Network Engineer III/DATA/VOIP/ETHNET Oct 2011 - Apr 2017
Configure and troubleshoot Frame relay, PPP, MLPP, MFR, and Ethernet interfaces on Cisco 7600 and ASR 9000 routers.
Configure and troubleshoot Ethernet interfaces on Juniper MX series routers.
Work with Field techs to pre-test internet and MPLS interfaces
Configure static and BGP routes in Cisco routers.
Configure static routes in Juniper routers.
Configure customer realms in ACME session border controllers.
Configure Enterprise trucking on customer realms in ACME session border controllers.
Work With field techs to pre-test Windstream-provided CPE and resolve any configuration issues.
Use Iris to troubleshoot and resolve Windstream-provided and customer-managed CPE SIP registration failures.
Work with field techs and carriers to test and turn up Ethernet over copper circuits.
Take escalations and work with customers to resolve router configuration or carrier issues.
Work with PC, INDS, and outside NDS to ensure customer orders are pre-built correctly and ready for turn-up.

PAETEC, NOC Technician II, VoIP Jul 2009 - Oct 2011
Promoted to tier two VoIP technician in 24/7 NOC after exceeding all tier one objectives and successfully completing internal certification process through tests.
Supported products, including Dynamic IP (VoIP), SIP Trunking, PRI/CAS trunks, lines, VTNs, Hosted PBX, and IP Simple bundle.
Troubleshoot for customers, including call routing, voice quality, hosted IP features and functionality, customer web/voice portals, auto attendants, and IVR/voicemail as well as other intermittent voice troubles with dropped/failed calls.
Resolved technical issues with networks, including IP/MPLS backbone carrying all VoIP traffic, session border controllers, soft switches, media gateways, and call control and feature servers.

PAETEC, Charlotte, North Carolina 2005 - 2009
Network Operations Center Data Team Lead
Promoted to Team Lead of Data
Acted as a second-level escalation point for internal and external customers as well as overseeing technical escalation points for technicians and filling in for other team leads and NOC management as needed.
Worked with management and engineering to implement new and improved workflow processes, procedures, training, and documentation, greatly enhancing performance and morale.
Trained new techs.
Attended weekly management and team lead meetings.
Conducted monthly meetings with the team.

PEATEC, Network Operation Tech 2003 - 2005
Data Technician in 24x7 Network Operations Center that is responsible for repair and maintenance for
all products and network services offered to our business customers.
Products supported include Internet, MPLS VPN, IPsec VPN, Network Firewall, Frame Relay, Hosted Email/Web Security, Managed Router/Firewall, Data Center, and Collocation.
Customer troubleshooting included circuit outages as well as IP connectivity issues, isolation of network jitter, latency, or packet loss, dynamic routing protocols, Quality of Service, CPE hardware/software/configuration, bandwidth utilization, DoS attacks, etc.
Network troubleshooting included responding to alarms and higher-level outages on Provider Edge, Core, and Internet Gateway routers, Core and Edge Ethernet switches, ATM and Frame Relay switches, as well as isolating issues on the IP backbone, Network-to-Network Interfaces (NNI), and regional Internet and VPN peering and transit connections to other service providers.

EDS/MCI 1999 - 2003
Network Engineer/Group Leaders
Assisted in any major network outages.
Managed WAN and local network.
Troubleshoot analogue and digital circuits.
Associated network interfaces used to troubleshoot network, IDNX, OSPF, TCP/UDP, SNA, X.25, Cisco Router, and Token Ring.
Approved vacations and work schedules.
Maintained record of sick and personal days.
Attended daily meets with customers reporting all circuit outages.
Performed yearly and quarterly peer reviews.

EDS, Lead/Network Control Tech 1995 - 1999
Managed and maintained continental, Amadeus, and credit union wide area networks and local networks.
Troubleshoot analogue and digital circuits.
Associated network interfaces used to troubleshoot networks.
IDNX, TCP/UDP, SNA, X.25, Cisco Router, Token Ring, ATM UNIX.

COLLINS & amp, AIKMAN, Charlotte 1986 - 1995
Senior/Network Control Tech
Maintained several A5400 Systems and troubleshot Token Ring.
Updated robot systems and C-programming language.
Monitored and handled abends using TSO, JCL, and ISPF, IPL and loading front ends.

UNION CARBIDE, Charleston, West Virginia 1981 - 1986
Computer operator
Tracked and monitored TMS, CICS, CMS, and batch systems.
Corrected and reported program outages, Ipl’ing, and loading front ends.

CHARLESTON NEWSPAPER, Charleston, West Virginia 1979 - 1981
Computer Operator
Monitored system and Ip’ing and loading front end.

AMERICAN MANAGEMENT SYSTEM, Arlington, Virginia 1978 - 1979
Computer Operator
Loaded/unloaded tapes and disk packs and worked in printer room.
Contact this candidate