Objective:

Result-oriented and technically competent Network Engineer with specialized training and dedication to successfully adapt in the ever-changing field of IT, proven track record in individual and team environments, multi-tasking ability, effective collaboration, excellent organizational skills and exceptional written and verbal communication skills.

Profile Summary of Technical Skills:

Advanced level expertise in design, installation, trouble-shooting and maintenance in the following areas:
Solid understanding of Cisco Routers 2500, 2600, 3500, 3700 and 7200 Catalyst Switch 3560, 3750, 2900, Cisco IOS, and Cisco wireless access point (WAP), Fast Ethernet, Gigabit Ethernet.
Hands on experience in TCP/IP, VLAN, NAT, VPN, DNS, DHCP and OSI Layers.
Networking Protocols: RIP, RIP v2, IGRP, EIGRP, OSPF, BGP and Frame Relay.
WAN technologies: Frame-Relay.
HSRP, VRRP, GLBP, and IGP Routing Protocol,
STP,VTP Vlan, PVST,MST and Ether Channel
Site-to-site VPN and Remote VPN with CA and Pre-Shared Key.
Familiarity with Cisco Nexus Family, UCS
SD-WAN Solution from Masergy and Familiarity with Cisco Vaptila.

Education & IT Certifications:

Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com) 1994
Certification of Cisco Certified Internetwork Expert – CCIE R&S (Written) 2014
CCIE Data Center, LICENSE # 47456

Professional Experience:

Network Engineer (Feb 2015 – Present)
American College of Surgeons IL, USA

Managing Datacenter with Cisco Router/switches, Sonic Wall Firewall, and Cisco WLC 5508.
Designs, implements, and maintains the enterprise network infrastructure to support the strategic business needs of the organization and to ensure maximum uptime.
Provides technical analysis of network infrastructure.
Leading and Managing the Team of Network Engineers for Configuring the Switches, Firewalls Rules.
Leading and Managing the Projects for Disaster Recovery over the Dedicated Line between sites.
Providing mentoring to the team for design, provisioning and troubleshooting of WAN connectivity technologies.
Performing advanced configuration and troubleshooting with Cisco routers and Layer 3 switches.
Implemented the Solution for SAN from EMC/DELL via VX Rails and Isilon using Fiber Channel Technology.
Senior lead in network infrastructure projects ensuring proper design, implementation to ensure maintenance of service level agreements.
Currently working on the Projects included redesign of entire network at downtown location and Colocation for the Company.
Projects include but not limited to:
oVendor inquiries, asking for RFQ’s about the products.
oEPL Line deployment for the network.
oPCI Compliant Devices deployment.
oCyber Security Deployment with Vendors Alert Logic, Crowd Strike
oRemediation Systems for Monitoring and 1st Tier Support, apply procedures and existing help desk system for IT infrastructure tickets.
oVXRail (EMC) deployment for the VMWare working Environment, (this is going to be the migration from VNX 5500 to VXRail)
oMaking sure the Policies, Methodology implementations.
Provide support that is operational in nature with a focus on maintaining excellent day-to-day functioning of all aspects of the voice and data network
Successfully completed the Project of building the new Data Center in our Colocation Center in Aurora,
Deployed CISCO ASR, Cisco 3800 in Colocation for interconnectivity of the Servers and devices.
Utilize network monitoring tools SolarWinds to proactively Monitoring, identify and resolve network issues.
Worked with VMware Architect team to build the VMWare environment for users.
Worked on VXRail and Isilon with Dell team and Architect team to ensure the reliability of the network and connections.
Part of Huge deployment of the Cisco IP Phones in the organization, WebEx used for users with Cisco 8851 and 7832 Conference Phones.
Deployed the Barracuda NextGen Firewall with Load Balancing in the Chicago location and in Colocation for security of network.
Using 2 Factor MFA for users to connect via VPN
Part of team working on PCI Compliance for entire network, servers, process
Deployed Cisco 5520 WLC and AP’s
Analyze network performance data and optimize the network.
Currently working on Designing and Deployment of SD-WAN from Masergy.
Refresh on Washington DC office with all new Fortigate Switches and FW.

Sr. Network Engineer (Feb 2014 – Jan 2015)
Global Eagle Entertainment GEE (Row44) IL, USA

Managing Datacenter with Cisco Router/switches Network infrastructure.
Leading the Team of Network Engineers for Configuring access control list (ACLs), TCP/IP, VLAN, VRF, Port Security, Traffic Shaping, Priority Queuing, Class of Service (Quos) and IP routing for connectivity of LAN and WAN throughout the world.
Providing mentoring to the team for design, provisioning and troubleshooting of WAN connectivity technologies.
Enterprise network routing architectures using protocols such as OSPF, BGP, EIGRP, RIP and static routes.
Work with Team to Configure the DNS, DHCP, Quality of Service, IPsec,
Mentoring Team to Configure Cisco secure client VPN access with AnyConnect and site to site VPN Tunnels
Performing advanced configuration and troubleshooting with Cisco routers and Layer 3 switches.
Installed and configured SAN for company to have access on oracle database for Developers and connect the EMC2 SAN to Datacenter via GRE Tunnel.
Performed the Redundancy between the Datacenter in CA, IL and Montreal for Disaster Recovery.
Provide support that is operational in nature with a focus on maintaining excellent day-to-day functioning of all aspects of the voice and data network
Troubleshoot complex network issues in the LAN and WAN networks, and work with team to identify bottlenecks and other network configuration issues
Document LAN/WAN infrastructure, such as network topology, subnets, firewall, router configurations, and other systems deemed to be critical
Troubleshooting network connectivity on Cisco routers and switches (CatOS and IOS devices) using SSH, Telnet from a command line interface

Sr. Network Engineer (July 2008 – Jan 2014)
Space Net (Satellite Service Provider Company) IL, USA

Worked with Network Engineers team on Satellite Network Architecture and Data Network Architecture to Design, Configuration, modify and policy management and changes based on customer needs.
Study Fiber network expansion / technology upgrade issues and make appropriate recommendations to increase efficiency of networks infrastructure
Utilize Network Analyzer tools and queries to provide system performance statistics.
Configured Cisco Nexus 7009 with VDC and 5548 Nexus Switch for customer to provide the Metric Load balancing with Fabric path.
Configured VPC and VPC+ on Nexus Switches to support the maximum bandwidth over the link allowed by the F Series of Cards on Nexus 5K Series.
Design and implemented MPLS connectivity from Quest Networks by using different POP’s as a redundancy.
Design the IP Network with MPLS Primary connections and VSAT as a backup connection to the Customer with assurance of redundancy back for MPLS Cloud.
Responsible for any upcoming maintenance to do the network documentation and its resulting from any modification in maintenance.
Participates in the creation, implementation and continual improvement of standards, processes and procedures required to deliver high quality service.
Generated technical-diagrams(Visio)\results\operations handover documentation
Perform the task to complete the Hub Installation, configuration and making sites UP and running on the Network.
Dealing with Vendors to provide Support for the remote T1, DS3 and satellite links
Worked with Implementation team to deploy the Fortinet Wi-Fi Routers on customers end locations.

Network Engineer (February, 2004 – March 2008)
E-Tronics Solution Provider:

Monitored and trouble shoot Several Networks including EIGRP, OSPF Routing issues.
Conduct network configuration, testing and installation of Data Communications systems.
Worked with seniors as Technical Support on implementation of TCP/IP LAN’s.
Providing Technical Support in Implementation of VPN connection with IPSec.
Support the seniors to implement and meet the business and infrastructure needs basis on WAN, LAN and MAN.
Worked with seniors to assist them in installing the networks and configuring the Routing protocols.
Have given the Technical Support to seniors while implementing the Firewall.
Responsible for stable operations and utilization of information technology resources to achieve service level requirement.
Give Tier1 level Technical Support on implementation of TCP/IP LAN’s
Responsible for stable & structured operations and utilization of information technology resources to achieved service level requirement.
Using documented procedures. Working rotating shifts (2nd and 3rd shifts) and callout as needed are a requirement of the job.
Acts as a single point to provide 24/7 technical support to internal and external customers.
Provide the Training to work on Juniper J-Series Routers.
Perform the task to Configure Juniper M-320 Series Junos Software.
Document, communicate and escalate technical issues and articulate business impact.
Support Maintain and Monitor using Traffic Graph, Syslog Server.
Facilitating different department for their needs regarding Site-to-Site and Remote Access VPN using Cisco ASA 5510 5520, Juniper Net screen
As per Pre-described Procedures handling the issue and escalating it to seniors and Management.
Integrate the new hardware and software into the organization.
Overall Monitoring the Process of implementation phase of Network, Security policy with ACL.

Network Support Engineer (February, 1999 – December 2003)
Gemer International Dubai:

Responsible to Maintain the Communication b/w sites.
Give Tier 2 level Technical Support on implementation of TCP/IP LAN’s
Connected 3 different major Cities via Dedicated links, implemented the platform of Cisco Routers to connect the sides.
Integrate the new hardware and software into the organization.
Overall Monitoring the Process of implementation phase of Network, Security policy with ACL.
Handled Second level Technical Support in the Organization.
Worked on connections implementations, configuring, troubleshooting in the organization different branches in Dubai, Sharjah, and Ajman.
Responsible for Preventive maintenance contracts with different vendors.
System administration including installation & configuration of Window’s 95, Window’s NT 4.0, Window’s NT Workstation, Window’s 3.11 (WFW), MS-DOS 6.22.
Good knowledge of Security Products.
Installations of IDE Hard Disks, SCSI Hard Disks, and manage data.
Installing & Configuring Exchange server 5.5.
Installing of Exchange Server 5.5 with Internet Mail connector, which support SMTP.
Good Knowledge installing and configuring of Window’s Proxy Server for multiple clients in a LAN Network.
Contact this candidate