Joseph Olan Sadiq
281-***-****
ad19cv@r.postjobfree.com
Profile:
With Twenty-five years in information technology, my experience spans network solution management, design, implementation, and remediation. Serves as a senior IT expert and an authoritative technical advisor and engages with customer agencies to perform needs analyses as they affect new or improved business processes, solutions, practices, products, services, or strategies based on user needs. Serves as a senior IT expert in applying analytical processes to the planning, design, and implementation of new and improved information systems to meet the business requirements of customer organizations.

Objective:
To be the face of today and future information technology.

Technical Skill Summary
Implementation and Mitigation of LAN/WAN technologies.
Planning and executing a network project.
Network capacity planning.
Enterprise Architecture Plan & Design.
Knowledge of a variety of network management tools.
Configuration of both Cisco Routers and Switches.
Manage and implement security policy on Cisco Security Devices.
Budget management for projects
Management and Implementation of routing protocols.
Design, Develop, and Implementation of Network Solution.
Network Management validation and testing.
Network site audit and Transformation.
Expert knowledge of IP network addressing design.
IT/OT (sensors) and automation management.
Knowledge of Quality of Service.
Network Monitoring and documentation.
Network Capacity Planning

Soft Skill Summary
Reviews projects for technical feasibility and adherence with the organization's mission objectives and provides recommendations to management before the commencement of IT projects.
Applies human-centered design techniques to drive IT project decisions to ensure the right IT product is being developed.
Provide Leadership and Management across functional teams to develop innovative IT services.
Team collaboration supports for the organizational vision, mission, goal, and value statements.
Plans, develops, and executes highly complex and intricate IT projects.
Customer service support.
Analytical ability with an infinite capacity to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions.
Write and understand documentation and procedures for operating networks, servers, and applications.
Provides resourceful and authoritative technical advice.

Service Provider Experience:
I worked with the service providers below on different circuit provisioning and Mitigation.

Comcast.
AT&T.
Time Warner Cable.
Century Link.
Charter.
Verizon.
Cox.

Professional Skills
Network Design and Physical Implementation of Devices.
LAN/WAN support for Routing and switching.
Expert knowledge of OSI model TCP/IP stacks.
Configuration and Management of Network Devices.
Secured tunnel creation: IPSec, GRE, and DMVPN.
Network devices management and monitoring.
Risk Assessment of Network environment, including technology and business.
Ticketing and change management systems using the Remedy and ServiceNow modules.
Management and deployment of wireless.
DNS and DHCP scopes using Infoblox.
Documentation: Detailed network design documentation and diagram.
LAN/WAN infrastructure, traffic, security management, and routing protocols.
Upgrade and conversion of Cisco IOS versions.

Education:
Economics, B.SC (Hon).
MBA, Strategic Business Management
DBA, Project Management

Certifications:
Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA)
Cisco Certified Network Professional (CCNP)
Cisco Networking
MSCE
ITILv3 Foundations
A+ Certification

Awards and Association
Delta Mu Delta (DMD) 2011
Best Customer Services Award 1997, 1999, 2002, 2004, 2007, 2010, 2013, 2017
Best Leadership Award 2005, 2006, 2009, 2012, 2016.

Professional Experience:

Austin Energy Austin, TX 01/2020 – Present
Sr. IT Consultant (Planning & Complaint)

Implemented Network Perception (Live & View) for NERC Asset compliant. (Project)
I coordinate Network Perception users with the Vendor as necessary.
Manage and Approve North American Electric Reliability (NERC) Change Requests
Review Cyber Access Quarterly/Annual Cyber.
Manage Existing Transient Cyber Assets (TCAs).
SME for Post Implementation and Baseline Report for all NERC Servers
SME for NERC in-scope Cisco & Palo Alto devices
a.Security Patch Assessments.
b.Patch Implementation.
c.Manage weekly antivirus and threat signature updates.
d.Recovery exercise/test.
e.Commissioning/De-Commissioning.
f.Vulnerability Assessments.

Southwest Services, Inc. Houston, TX 02/2014 – 01/2020
Sr. Network Consultant

I managed the team members in IT projects while also maintaining hands-on experience in many IT mitigation.
Below is a list that constitutes some of my managerial and personal hands-on duties:

Accountabilities:

Managed L3 network infrastructure connectivity.
Managed Global Terminal automation devices for fuel dispensing sites.
Supported upstream network system and infrastructure teams.
Designed, documented, and implemented the upgrade of Core WAN switches.
Created and managed network policies on all Cisco ASA firewalls.
Developed standards and procedures to ensure quality assurance, oversaw change control, log monitoring, and overall Network communication.
Supported and Mitigated WAN issues and worked with ISPs to resolve the WAN-related problems.
Designed, configured, and supported different VPN tunnels to remote and third-party sites.
Managed all network devices utilizing monitoring tools for proactive intervention.
Created and updated network documentation regarding sites, equipment, configuration, and network diagram.
Provided capacity planning and technical support for network business as required.
Managed global Terminal automation devices for fuel dispensing sites.
Managed the separation of the business network device from operational network devices.
I managed the team administratively and through the distribution of tasks and follow-through.
Configured security solutions, including next-gen firewalls and vulnerability management solutions.
Designed, implemented, and supported field automation (sensors).
Performed network maintenance, support, and system upgrades where necessary.
Recruited and trained team members.

Accomplishment:

Best Leadership Award May 2018
Team efficiency has driven up by 35% since the project started.
Sharing knowledge within the team saved 75% of the training cost for the 2016 -2019 training years.

Chevron Inc., Houston, TX 07/2012 – 02/2014
Sr. IT Consultant

I managed the team members in IT projects while also maintaining hands-on experience in many IT mitigation.
Below is a list that constitutes some of my managerial and personal hands-on duties:

Evaluated network services and technology for current and future network developments.
Designed, documented, and implemented the upgrade of Core WAN switches.
Created and managed network policies on all Cisco ASA firewalls.
Supported and Mitigated WAN issues and worked with ISPs to resolve the WAN-related problems.
Designed, configured, and supported different VPN tunnels to remote and third-party sites.
Managed all network devices utilizing monitoring tools for proactive intervention.
Investigated and resolved problems, inefficiencies, and network performance.
Provided capacity planning and technical support for network business as required.
Provided Technical Support for IT Projects and initiatives as a Network Team member.
Provided consulting, project implementation, and testing Network Systems in support of projects.
Developed standards and procedures to ensure quality assurance by managing change control, log monitoring, and overall Network communication.
Mitigated and conducted the root-cause analysis to address routine to moderately complex reporting issues.
Scheduled and coordinated installation and maintenance of both hardware and software.
Provided capacity planning and technical support for network business as required.
Monitored and managed the IT/OT sensors and gateways.

Accomplishment:

Best Peer Services Award May 2014
Best Leadership Award May 2014
The global network refresh had zero (0) impact in all areas of implementation.
Able to replicate network-refresh implementation methodology for Palo Alto implementation.
Team efficiency has driven up 25% since the project started.
Apart from the hardware delivery, I got Palo Alto to commit to 100% team training for two years without extra charges.
Sharing knowledge within the team, as l introduced, saved 75% of the training cost for the 2013 -2014 training years.

Schlumberger Inc., Houston, TX
Sr. Network Engineer/Lead 07/2008 – 07/2012

Supported and rolled out network campus using Cisco NOS and IOS switches.
Designed, documented, and implemented the upgrade of Cisco Core WAN switches.
Migrated all WAN connections from ATM, T1, T3, OC3, and OC12 to Metro-E.
Mitigated and diagnosed Cisco Catalyst family switches and router issues.
Conducted root cause analysis to address routine to moderately complex reporting issues.
Designed, configured, and supported DMVPN, GRE, and IPsec tunnels to remote and third-party sites.
Developed standards and procedures to ensure quality and good governance.
Trained junior team members on networking technologies and best practices.
Installed and upgraded network devices and network operating systems as needed.
Monitored network device performance using tools such as SolarWinds and Netops
Performed a vulnerability scan of a network environment to eliminate weaknesses and loopholes.
Performed root-cause analysis on every Network incidence.
Worked within established change management policies to ensure awareness, approval, and success of changes made to the network infrastructure.
Performed occasional capacity planning.

IBM, Houston, TX
Sr. IT Specialist 10/2006 – 06/2008

Responsibilities include discovery, Mitigation, and resolution of global enterprise-wide network issues.
Mitigated, tracked, and abated bridging loops and spanning-tree protocol failures.
Supported and Mitigated WAN issues and worked with ISPs to resolve the WAN-related problems.
Trained junior networking team members on networking technologies and best practices.
Monitored networking device performance using tools such as SolarWind and NetQps.
Assisted in the risk assessment project to determine the threat and vulnerability.
Provided consulting, project implementation, and testing Network Systems in support of projects.
Developed standards and procedures to ensure quality Network operations.
Created Visio documentation for network layouts and designs.
Managed and updated network documentation.
Validated problem descriptions and performed detailed problem diagnoses before the resolution.
I worked closely with third-party engineers and field technicians.

Southwest Services, Houston, TX
Sr. IT Consultant 08/2000 – 09/2006

Worked closely with engineers, field technicians, and telecommunications carriers like Cisco TAC to resolve service issues.
Provided local leadership and ensured deliverables were met.
Created RFPs and conducted reviews/assessments on vendor recommendations.
Designed, implemented, and deployed various networking technologies within the division.
Configured routing protocols like OSPF, BGP, MPLS, EIGRP, IGRP, and Frame Relay using ASDM and CLI applications.
Provided Technical Support for IT Projects as a team member.
Participated in IT planning and maintenance of standards, policies, and procedures.
Ensure technical project requirements meet internal standards for the engineering team to proceed with change management.
Managed customer-escalated requests.
Ensure project data integrity controls comply with security audits, reporting, billing, and repository metrics.
Analyzed departmental bandwidth requirements and system interdependencies through capacity planning.
Assessed network performance to ensure that it meets the present and future needs of the business.
Evaluated vendors' services, recommended changes, and supplied network planning recommendations to management.
Worked closely with other technical groups located locally and remotely to ensure smooth delivery of all tasks.
Project:
USDA - After Hurricane Karina and as a member of the network engineering team, I assisted in designing, relocating, implementing, and managing the USDA DataCenter's move from New Orleans to Denver, Colorado.

General Work:
Designed, upgraded, managed, and Implemented Network Data Center, especially on LAN/WAN connectivity.
Configured new routers and switches with the latest IOS and made regular changes to other devices.
Coordinated the evaluation, installation, configuration, testing, and updating of networking hardware and software.
Designed AP deployment and managed wireless connectivity
Site audits, planning/coordination of service personnel & equipment, and keeping proper documentation.
Worked closely with engineers, field technicians, and telecommunications carriers to resolve service issues.
Interacted and developed client relationships.
Enhanced the client relationship and assisted in the sourcing of potential clients
Maintained organization SLA as agreed with clients.
Configured new routers and switches with the latest IOS and regularly changed other devices.
Configured routing protocols like OSPF, BGP, MPLS, EIGRP, IGRP, and Frame Relay using ASDM and CLI applications.
Interfaced with clients and held regular meetings as a source of the monitoring project.

Reference: On request, please.
Contact this candidate