Theron R Stratford
Columbia SC, ***** 803-***-**** ad1k7d@r.postjobfree.com
linkedin.com/in/theron-thad-stratford-14b32a91

IT Director Network Engineer Vulnerability Manager

An involved IT Director and Network Engineer with direct IT experience. Possesses strong interpersonal skills and can work with vendors and co-workers to complete projects on time and under budget. Coach and mentor team members to produce optimum results, highly adaptable and professional in different conditions and situations. Enjoy security vulnerability reporting and Visio network diagrams.

Core Skills

Cybersecurity Network Security IT Management Project Management IT Vulnerability Management Engineer Workflow Automation Service Desk Procedure Documentation Patch Management
Equipment Procurement

Experience

Wells Fargo (Remote) 6/2017 - Present
Service Manager, Network Security Engineer
Managed VCenter servers, adding and removing workstations and servers, managed RSA group rights for lab access and token import from production, monitored weekly vulnerability on Lab workstations and servers with Edge updates.

As Project Manager, completed lab re-design for Proof of Concept (Avg. 3 per Month) and Streamlined process that reduced POC spin-up time from 60 days to 2 weeks.
As Firewall Administrator, design rules for new POCs and routinely review for security vulnerabilities.
Documentation – Complete the project process with Diagrams and contact information, and keep the documentation current.
Designed the department's ServiceNow ticketing process and Jira dashboards
Applications: Palo Alto Panorama ServiceNow Qualys Agile and Jira MS Teams SharePoint Visio

Internetworking Eng 03/2016 - 03/2017
IT Director, Security Officer (Contract)
Designed IT-related activities and provided administrative direction and support for daily operations.

As a Project manager, relocated the data center to a more secure location.
Created a disaster recovery plan with the hot site for the data center and responded to all HIPAA audits.
Served as Citrix VM admin, Physical to Virtual, over 15 MS servers, managed Cisco Web / Email Firewall.
Conducted information security training, education, and awareness programs.
Reduced monthly data charges by 65% with Cellular backup to all 19 Medical sites.

AgFirst 01/2013 - 02/2016
Sr. Security Admin
Administered Qualys Vulnerability Management, Web Application Scanning, and Policy Compliance for scanning and ticketing banks network devices (Over 10K). Moderated security lifecycle regarding MS server patch management and SQL server database access. Responded to auditors’ requests with security reports.

Focused remediation of SANS top 20 vulnerabilities NIST standards for priority patching and prevention.
Managed NMAP and Metasploit to run security scans on possible non-patch-related vulnerabilities.
Managed Vanguard's GFI from the SCCM patch process and third-party patching and managed Log Rhythm for SOX reporting.
Designed and managed several Splunk dashboards for Banks internal audit concerns.

Additional Relevant Experience

SC Department of Employment & Workforce IT Manager, Security Manager, IT Project Administrator
As a Project manager, I Relocated the agency’s Data Center to a more secure location.
Also, as a Project manager, I designed a floor plan with network infrastructure to accommodate VoIP equipment for additional employees.

Education & Professional Development

Associate’s Degree, Electronics DeVry, Atlanta, GA

Training
Windows Server Installation Project Management MCSE TCPIP Microsoft Network Security Anti-Terrorism Qualys VM/WAS Metasploit Nmap LogRhythm CISSP training classes Solarwinds Splunk PMP Certification class @ USC

Online Training
Cloud Security Agile ServiceNow Az 900 Visio Advanced Excel Advanced Jira
Contact this candidate