Magdalene
Email Id: ad1ke4@r.postjobfree.com
Contact Details: +1-405-***-****.
SR DevOps Engineer
Professional Summary:
● 8 years of experience in the IT industry, within the fields of DevOps, SRE, Linux Administrator& Network Engineer. Expertise in software development, automation, configuration, AWS, administration & networking. CICD deployment tools with agile methodologies. Equipped with industry-level project experience in the field of software engineering.
● Experience with Configuration Management, Build, Deploy, Release Management, and Quality Assurance
● In-depth experience with Amazon AWS cloud services, (EC2, S3, EBS, ELB, Cloud Watch, Elastic IP, RDS, IAM, VPC, EKS, Cloud Formation, and Route53) and managing security groups on AWS.
● Experience in provisions of automation tools like Chef, Puppet, and Ansible, in addition to deployment tools like GIT and Jenkins.
● Experience in Designing, Architecting, and implementing scalable cloud-based web applications using AWS.
● Designed and managed the Continuous Integration process using TeamCity and Octopus Deploy, utilizing blue/green channels to provide zero downtime deployments.
● Knowledge of Dockers-based container deployments to create self-environments for dev teams and containerization of environments delivery for releases.
● Configured and administered Monitoring tools like Data Dog, Grafana, Prometheus, Splunk, Nimsoft, and AWS Cloud Watch to health checks the various deployed resources and services.
● Ability in the development and execution of Shell, Python, Bash, and Ruby Scripts.
● Expertise in working with Terraform key features such as Infrastructure as a code, Execution plans, Resource Graphs, change automation and extensively used Auto-scaling launch configuration templates for launching Amazon EC2 instances while deploying microservices.
● Implemented a CD pipeline involving Jenkins and Chef to complete the Automation from commit to Deployment.
● Used tools like SonarQube to check the integrity of code and Nexus-based repository for artifact version controlling.
● Experienced in creating projects in Argo CD and deploying Argo CD into the Kubernetes cluster from scratch.
● Used Liquibase for changing database in SQL Servers
● Experience in installing, configuring, and implementing RAID technologies using various tools like LVM.
● Experience in Creation and managing user accounts, security, rights, disk space, and process monitoring in Solaris and Red hat/CentOS Linux
● Installation and upgradation of Packages and Patches configuration mgmt., version control, service pack & reviewing connectivity issues regarding security problems.
● Implemented cluster services using Kubernetes and Docker to manage local deployments in Kubernetes by building a self-hosted Kubernetes cluster using Terraform and Ansible and deploying application containers.
● Experience in configuration of NIS, NIS+, DNS, DHCP, NFS, LDAP, SAMBA, postfix, send mail, FTP, remote access, security management, and Security troubleshooting skills.
● Experienced in deploying applications into Kubernetes using Gitops Tools (Argo CD)
● Experience in administering VMware Infrastructure Client 3.5 and vSphere 4.0.
● Creating user accounts, user groups, and sudoers groups using LDAP
● Working on Katello to manage contents such as RPM's package groups, and errata distributions for Linux servers.
● Working on Foreman for BareMetal server builds and configuration like snippets and partition tables as per the application requirement.
● Deployment into Kubernetes cluster directly from GitHub using the Argo CD tool.
● Provide day-to-day Systems Administration for the Linux Virtual Machines (VMs) and provide support for installed hardware.
● Team player with good management, analytical, communication, and interpersonal skills
● Good analytical and problem-solving communication skills and the ability to work either independently or as a member of a team.
Technical Skills:
Professional Experience:
Client: Ascena Retail Group, Pataskala, Ohio December 2021 to Present Role: SR DevOps Engineer
Responsibilities:
● Implemented AWS solutions using EC2, S3, RDS, EBS, and Elastic Load Balancer, Auto-scaling groups, Optimized volumes, and EC2 instances.
● Configuration tool Installed and configured such as Chef Server/workstation and nodes via CLI tools to AWS nodes.
● Serve as an escalation point for other Systems Administrators, Engineers, and other technology teams in the resolution of server and system problems.
● Contribute to the development and maintenance of automation tools used in the management of our infrastructure.
● Create and maintain highly scalable and fault-tolerant multi-tier AWS and Azure environments spanning across multiple availability zones using Terraform and CloudFormation.
● Build, administer, and troubleshoot all mission-critical environments (Production, Stage, Dev, Test, QA).
● Coordinate changes with application owners to ensure minimal user impact.
● Maintain PCI and SOX compliance with required applications and environments.
● Leverage AWS cloud services such as EC2, auto-scaling, and VPC to build secure highly scalable, and flexible systems that handle expected and unexpected load bursts.
● Defined branching, tagging, and merge strategies for all applications in GIT.
● Created monitors, alarms, and notifications for EC2 hosts using Cloud Watch
● Involved in the DevOps process for building deploy systems.
● Configured Infra Monitoring using Prometheus, Grafana.
● Designed and developed automation test scripts using Python.
● Install new / rebuild existing servers and configure hardware, peripherals, services, settings, directories, storage, etc. following standards and project/operational requirements. Version Control SVN, GitHub, Bitbucket
Continuous Integration Tools Jenkins, TeamCity
Cloud Platforms
AWS, Cloud Formation, Cloud Watch, Code Build, Code Commit, Code Deploy, Azure cloud pipeline, EC2, EC2 Container Service, EBS, Elastic Beanstalk, IAM, Security Groups, Route 53, S3, Cloud Front, Glacier, SQS, SNS, VPCs, DynamoDB, Elastic Cache, Lambda
Build Tools Ant, Maven, Gradle
Configuration Management Tools Ansible, Chef
Other Tools MS Office, Putty, JIRA, SonarQube, Terraform Web/Application Server Apache Tomcat, WebLogic
Operating Systems Linux family, Windows, MacOS
Database Oracle, SQL Server, MySQL, MongoDB, Argo CD. Reporting Tools Cloud Watch, Cloud Trail, Nagios, Dynatrace Web Technologies JSP, Servlets, JavaScript, HTML, XML, jQuery Repository management tools Nexus, Jfrog
Scripting Languages Bash, Python, Ruby
Containerization Docker, Kubernetes
● Develop and maintain installation and configuration procedures and contribute to and maintain system standards.
● Extensively worked in the operations team to streamline the process of implementing security in the Azure cloud environment.
● Developed PowerShell scripts and ARM templates to automate the provisioning and deployment process.
● Developed and Designed Azure DevOps pipelines to manage the resources across multiple subscriptions in Azure.
● Automated various infrastructure activities like Continuous Deployment, environment configuration Files, Users, Mount points, and Packages using Ansible playbooks.
● Experience with Azure Cloud Services (PaaS & IaaS), Azure Virtual Machines Azure Storage, SQL, Azure, Azure Active Directory, application insights, and logic apps.
● Automate builds using chef & foreman configuration.
● Create and maintain a chef cookbook and environment/ organization for application using Ruby.
● Using foreman configuration, we will automate builds by creating foreman snippets.
● Perform daily system monitoring, verifying the integrity and availability of all hardware, server resources, systems, and key processes, reviewing system and application logs, and verifying completion of scheduled jobs such as backups.
● Upgrade and configure system software that supports GPS infrastructure applications or Asset Management applications per project or operational needs.
● VMware Virtual Distributed Switch and VMware Update Manager experience
● Provides detailed and relevant technology inputs to product line strategy and road maps.
● Maintains expert-level knowledge of virtualization and Cloud Computing technologies.
● Evaluates and research VMware technology developments to aid with roadmap planning and solution identification.
● Provides technical inputs and evaluations to management on resource requirements, to facilitate workload management and scheduling.
● Evaluates Rackspace’s organizational processes and procedures. Recommends improvements for efficiency and effectiveness across the VMware product portfolio.
● Provides detailed technical training to Sales, Support, and Implementation teams.
● Perform periodic performance reporting to support capacity planning.
● Perform ongoing performance tuning, hardware upgrades, and resource optimization as required. Configure CPU, memory, and disk partitions as required.
● Maintain data center environmental and monitoring equipment. Environment: Jenkins, Linux, Maven, AWS, chef, GIT, Puppet, Python, EC2, S3, RDS, EBS, Elastic Load Balancer, auto-scaling, Red-Hat Linux Enterprise servers, HP ProLiant DL 585, BL 465/485, Logical Volume Manager, Liquibase, Shell, Python, Ruby, JBoss 4.2, JDK 1.5,1.6, VMware Virtual Client 3.5, VMware Infrastructure 3.5, Jira, ITIL Service Now, foreman, Data-Dog, Grafana, Prometheus, Nimsoft.
Client: Molina Healthcare, Bothell, WA February 2020 to November 2021 Role: Linux / DevOps Engineer
Responsibilities:
● Continuously managed and improved the build infrastructure for global software development engineering teams including implementation of build scripts, continuous integration infrastructure, and deployment tools.
● Worked on migration project of moving current applications in the traditional data center to AWS by using AWS services.
● Skilled in Linux System Administration in Red Hat-Linux and windows environments
● Experienced in working with different teams such as Network Engineering, Database team, automation team, and application teams to complete and support IT projects focused on customer satisfaction.
● Installed and configured web hosting administration using HTTPD, TOMCAT, and FTP
● Deployed Docker containerized applications using Kubernetes.
● Use agile methodology throughout the project. Involved in weekly and daily bases release management.
● Working with a strong team of architectures, and backend developers to gather functional and non-functional requirements.
● Involved in source control management with GitHub and GitLab Enterprise level repositories. Regular activities include configuring user access levels, monitoring logs, identifying merge conflicts, and managing the master repository.
● Deploy and monitor scalable infrastructure on Amazon web services (AWS) & configuration management.
● Involved in performing application deployment to AWS Elastic Bean Stack environment.
● Experienced in branching, tagging, and maintaining the version across the Environments using SCM tools like Git, GitLab, GitHub, and Subversion (SVN) on Linux and Windows platforms.
● Configured & deployed Java applications on Amazon Web Services (AWS) for a multitude of applications utilizing the AWS stack, and cloud formation.
● Created environment on AWS platform, AWS Hadoop EMR cluster, Kafka Cluster, Cassandra Clusters, and implemented system alerts on Data Dog.
● Create develop and test environments of different applications by provisioning Kubernetes clusters on AWS using Docker, Ansible, and Terraform
● Used the command line interface to manage apps, and services in Pivotal Cloud Foundry as well as Apps Manager.
● Create, and bind the user-defined and built-in services in Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF).
● Implemented the Dry-Run test by configuring the replica environment of functional team configuration to ensure foolproof execution of customized scripts/JSON templates.
● Worked with the Development team for resolving the issues after Remediation. Also resolved all the Incremental deployment issues.
● Very good knowledge of azure services Web-app, Key vault, SQL Server DB, Storage Account, Redis Cache, Automation Account, Scheduler and Notification Hub, IoT Hub, Log Analytics, and other PaaS services.
● Automated the Backup techniques for taking the backup of azure services through PS scripting.
● Work seamlessly with Engineering, QA, and Operations teams to effectively manage application code.
● Implemented rapid provisioning and life-cycle management for Ubuntu Linux using Amazon EC2, and custom Bash scripts.
● Implemented and Enhanced the Existing Scripts which are developed in Shell, Power Shell, and Python Developed Wrapper in Python for instantiating multi-threaded application.
● Writing JSON templates for cloud formation and Python for Ansible Automation and contributing to our repository on GitHub (sub-version control)
● Responsible for implementation and configuration of versioning using Terraform.
● Worked with automation of OS builds and application installations through Chef, worked with plugins in Dynatrace for application and Hardware monitoring resources.
● Provided ongoing support in systems management and administration of LINUX/UNIX in a global scale environment.
● Installation, Configuration of NFS, DNS, and APACHE servers in Redhat and Ubuntu Linux Servers.
● Configured GIT with Jenkins and scheduled jobs using the Poll SCM option. Developed scripts to pull and push data from Bit Bucket
● Used Git and Bitbucket repositories to maintain different versions of application code.
● Experience in Unix/Linux system administration, Server Builds, System builds, Installations, Upgrades, Migration, Patches, Trouble shooting on RHEL and Centos
Environment: Ansible, Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes, Artifactory, GIT, AWS, Terraform, Redhat, Linux/Unix, Shell Scripts, Python, RHEL.
Client: Early Warning's, Scottsdale, AZ November 2017 to January 2020 Role: DevOps/Linux Administration
Responsibilities:
● Installation and configuration of red hat Enterprise Linux 6.x, 7.x systems.
● Installation and configuration of red hat virtual servers using ESX 4/5 and using scripts and Ops Center.
● Experience in managing VMware Virtual Hardware, Memory, NIC, and VDISK.
● Migrated VMWARE VMs to AWS and Managed Services like EC2, S3 Bucket, Route53, ELB, EBS Etc. with Ansible
● Wrote Ansible Playbooks with Python SSH as the Wrapper to Manage Configurations of Open stack Nodes and Test Playbooks on AWS instances using Python.
● Experience in package and patch management on Linux and Solaris servers, firmware upgrades, and debugging.
● Addition and configuration of SAN disks for LVM on Linux
● Configuration and troubleshooting of NAS mounts on Solaris and Linux Servers.
● Configuration and administration of ASM disks for Oracle RAC servers.
● Analyzing and reviewing the System performance tuning and Network Configurations.
● Managed Physical volumes, Volume Groups, and Logical volumes using Logical Volume Manager.
● Performed configuration and troubleshooting of services like NFS, FTP, LDAP.
● Management of Veritas Volume Manager (VxVM) and Zettabyte File System (ZFS) in Solaris.
● Good Knowledge of NAS and SAN concepts and technology.
● Configured and maintained Multipathing in Solaris and Linux.
● Redesigned and redeployed the Nagios implementation. Nodes are automatically added/removed Automatically via Puppet.
● Deployed a distributed Jenkins environment for continuous integration/builds. All builds output rpm Packages as artifacts.
● Supported various teams including database and middleware teams.
● Managing leader nodes in AWS clusters using SQL commands
● Provided production support and 24/7 on-call support on a rotation basis. Environment: Redhat Linux 6.x, V1280/480/440, Sun SPARC 1000, Jenkins, GIT, servers, VMware ESX Server. Client: Pfizer, Tulsa, Oklahoma June 2015 to October 2017 Role: Build Engineer
Responsibilities:
● Administered the Tortoise Subversion and managed the Access for users to access the subversion repositories.
● Created User IDs Authorizing access within Version Control Systems.
● Performed Backing up of SCM Repositories.
● Managed Branching, Tagging, and Release Activities on Version Control Tool SVN.
● Coordinated with the respective team for problems with the version control system and its Integration with the Build System.
● Coordinated among teams to schedule release in the order of dependencies etc.
● Worked with developers on the ANT/MAVEN build issues (Build Failures)
● Automate Continuous Build and Deploy Jenkins Continuous Integration tool.
● Developed and implemented Software Release Management strategies for various applications according to
● the agile process.
● Automate and monitor daily project development builds by using build tool Jenkins. Environment: SVN, Ant, Jenkins, RCQ RTC, TWS.
Educational Details:
Contact this candidate