P ATRICK GROGAN P A T . G R O G A N @ G M A I L . C O M
* * * * * W I N D I N G B L V D • S A N L E A N D R O • C A 9 4 5 7 8 4 0 8 . 2 2 1 . 5 5 0 0 OBJECTIVE
Pursue a career in Real Estate, Business, Finance, and Technology EXPERIENCE
Broker Heritage Fund Realty and Investments 5/2006 – current Hayward, CA
Perform Real Estate Broker duties.
Work with Clients to purchase or sale real estate. Manage single family, multi family, and commercial properties.
Manage the office, employees, and strategic aspect of the real estate office. President Groglink Incorporated 12/2006 – current Hayward, CA
Oversee day to day business operations including acquisitions, employees, accounting, trading, and investments.
Responsible for the company’s business interests in multiple entities. Litigation Support/Discovery Howrey LLP 8/2008 – 12/2009 Palo Alto, CA
Assist case teams with planning and implementation of discovery process.
Create initial setup and configuration of pre-production, production, and trial databases.
Process incoming and outgoing production documents for Electronic Discovery. Network Engineer Hewlett Packard 6/2004 – 3/2007 Roseville, CA
Tested Commercial network solutions and trained customers on network designs and uses.
Worked in testing lab with teams to build computer systems to the specifications of the shipping units. Then tested usability and functionality of components and programs.
Created and administered data sheets for data storage and templates for company testing methods. EDUCATION
Golden Gate University Completing Dissertation
Doctorate of Business Administration
San Jose State University Graduated December 2011
Master of Business Administration
Focus on Corporate Finance 3.9 Cumulative GPA
University of California at Irvine Graduated June 2005
Bachelors of Science in Electrical Engineering
Minor in Business Management 3.10 major weighted GPA HONORS AND AWARDS
SJSU Student speaker at 2011 business convocation
CEO for SJSU’s 2011 International Collegiate Business Strategy Competition MBA team
Team placed first place in performance and first place for best reports SKILLS
Knowledge in Financial, Business, and Investment management
Experience in Financial Statement Analysis and Real Estate investment analysis
Licensed California Real Estate Broker
Experience Trading Stocks, Options, and Commodities
Knowledgeable in Microsoft office: Word, Excel, Power Point, Access, and Front Page
Accounting Experience: Journal Entries, preparing financial statements, accounts receivables and payroll
In process of gaining conversational skills in Japanese and Spanish
Contact this candidate