JAVED UR RAHMAN
Cell # +974-********
Land Line / Emergency Contact: +974-********)
Email Id: ad1nku@r.postjobfree.com,
ad1nku@r.postjobfree.com
Objective
Highly motivated individual with more than 4+ Years of industrial experience as a Network Engineer in an Enterprise Networking & Customer Relationship. Worked on Multi-vendor high-end Platforms devices in professional environment. Good hands on configuring and Managing CISCO/Fortinet/Palo Alto Firewalls, Routers, Switches Huawei switches, ISE, F5 Load Balancer. Seeking a challenging position in the field of Network & Security Administration and willingness to exercise Network & Security expertise for the extensive growth of an organization.
Professional Qualifications & Badges
Professional Training
CCIE (R&S) (Training)
CCNA (Voice) (Training)
CCNP (Sec) (Training)
CCNA Cyber Security (Training)
MCSE 2016 (Training)
F5 (Training)
VMWARE ESXi 6.0 (Training)
Professional Networking Skills:
Network Designing Network Security Active directory
Cisco Switch DNS Server DHCP Server
Cisco Router Fortinet NSE 1 VPN
Cisco ASA Firewall Palo Alto 7050/5060/3060 VMWARE ESXi 6.0
Cisco IDS/IPS Fortinet 1500D F5 Networks load balancer
Cisco ACS 5.4
Personal Skills
Ability to take and assume complete responsibility for all actions in timely manner to meet deadlines.
Ensuring Maximum possible service availability, performance and reporting of issue while minimizing downtime and providing proactive service which gives maximum continuity.
Demonstrated strengths in client relationship development and task management across multiple functions.
• Cisco Certified Networking Associate (R&S) (NP6Z9Z8FMPVEQP39)
• Cisco Certified Networking Associate (Cyber Security)
• Cisco Certified Networking Professional (Security)
• Cisco Certified Specialist-Network Security Firepower
• Cisco Certified Specialist-Security Core
• NSE 1 Network Security Associate ( NSE-1)
• NSE 2 Network Security Associate ( NSE-2)
• NSE 4 Network Security Professional ( NSE 4)
• NSE 7 Network Security Architect ( NSE 7)
(43338417049DNZH)
(LXZ5076HGCEQ1XG9)
(FHW60JPNMC4QQF3J)
(R8WZ9NPHMLV4QFW5)
( z73pzyNHd8)
( SOJFvEzH6v)
( efpkoDYZdq)
( nzWHqilrD)
• Pala Alto Network ACE (PAN-OS Exam 7.0)
Excellent analytical and Trouble-shooting skills
Skilled at building strong team environments and fostering open communications
Excellent Communications Skills
The ability to work in a team
A willingness to learn new technologies to help the business
Flexibility to work outside normal office hours when required
Organized, thorough and self-motivated
Honors and Awards
- Academic Achievements:
Selected for All Pakistan: Prime Minister Youth Internship Program 2017 – 2018
Selected for KPK IT Board: Special Trainer Jun 2016 - December 2017
Selected as FATA Development Authority as Network instructor for Shot IT Training. Professional Experience.
(Flora Group)/Flora Technology/Flora security system Network Support Engineer
Sept. 2021 to Sept.30-2023
• Flora Technology Qatar (September 2021 – Up to Sept.2023) Responsibility as a Network Support and installation Engineer Configuration Testing & Commission for CCTV systems, Storage, Server, and Access control System, Active Components. Structured Caballing, Home automation, AV system, PAVA System as per MOI regulations •Prepare weekly schedule and reports and prove it to the project manager & Director. •Communicates with customers to explain problems and procedure with the Equipment’s. •Ensure that Network infrastructure is fully documented as required and mentioned in SLA •Responsible for Cisco Routers, Switches, Firewalls, Troubleshooting Datacenter technologies and IP Configuration. •Providing Technical support to other departments as well as troubleshooting, diagnosing and solving issues of software.
•Installation and configurations of all cctv Software’s & ivms i.e. securos iss, Hikcentral professional, Milestone & Avigilon control center 7, symphony client & Genetics •Strong Commands on all vendors off cctv cameras i.e. Hikvision Dahua, Huawei, Uniview, Bosch, Hanwha, Pelco, Avigilon, dvtel & Wisenet Pakhtunkhwa Energy Development Organization (PEDO), Pakistan Data Process Supervisor
1st Aug 2018 – 1 Apr 2019
Responsibility as Data Process Supervisor •
Provide complete and appropriate solutions to every end user • Configure Outlook email services for staff • Backup of Outlook email • Solve different complaint of staff • Dealing with customer’s and solve the problem of purchasing • Attend the meeting with management in Head Office and Remote areas • Execute all transactions quickly and accurately • Communicate positively with team members, customers, Director, and headquarters • Effectively utilize company resources, including inventory and advertising • Purchased Systems, Applications and Servers like Ubuntu Wireless equipment’s, CCTV Cameras and IP Cameras • Advertisement for purchasing laptop and printer • Dealing with different suppliers for purchasing
Responding to inquiries from staff, administrators, service providers, site personnel and Outside vendors and etc. to provide technical assistance and support.
Supervising the administration of systems and servers related network to ensure availability of Services to authorized users.
Troubleshooting malfunctions of network hardware and software applications, telephones and Security systems to resolve operational issues and restore services.
Complete time logs in Tiger paw within 48 hours of completing tasks to ensure accurate and Timely billing of customers.
Any other duties as assigned by management.
.
• Citi Four Security Services Qatar (1st January 2021 – Up to August 2021) Responsibility as a Network Supervisor
•Evaluate Network Technologies and Architectures interface with management and Vendors to implement new solutions systems to Business Requirements •Configuration Testing & Commission for CCTV systems, Storage, Server, Access control System, Active Components. Structured Caballing, Home automation, AV system, PAVA System as per MOI regulations,
•Providing Technical support to other departments as well as troubleshooting, diagnosing and solving issues with both hardware and software. •Prepare weekly schedule and reports and prove it to the project manager. •Communicates with customers to explain problems and procedure with the Equipment’s. •Ensure that Network infrastructure is fully documented as required and mentioned in SLA •Responsible for Cisco Routers, Switches, Firewalls, ips, load balancer, Troubleshooting Datacenter technologies and IP Configuration. •Troubleshooting, Assembling, disassembling, repairing and monitoring alarm system hardware and electronic devices such as smoke alarm, video camera, remote control, audio surveillance equipment and television monitors.
Core links Training Organization Pakistan (Peshawar, Pakistan) Network Engineer
(1st Jul 2017– 1st July 2018)
Main Responsibility
Responsible for the overall network Related Issues. • Maintaining / Updating the LAN/WAN diagram and complete inventory of network hardware along with interfaces, IP address, IOS version etc. • Implementing troubleshooting and configuring like DNS, Security, IP Routing, HTTP, VPN, etc and facilitating queries of customer staff in the field of Routing Switching and service providers. • Implementing and managing Cisco routers ( 2600, 2800, 3600, 3700,3800,3900 & 3900E series) with IP,NAT and ACL • Configure and monitor routing protocol operation – RIP V2, OSPF, EIGRP, BGP and troubleshooting issues on Redundancy protocols like (HSRP, VRRP &GLBP) • Configuring and installing client and server network software for upgrading and maintaining network and managing backups for routers and switches for high availability • Configuring implementing and troubleshooting skill on trunking protocols,Vlans,private Vlan’s VTP, STP & Port security. Creation of Layer-2 & layer-3 ether channels • Installing and configuring computer hardware operating systems and applications. • Monitoring and maintaining computer systems and networks, talking with staff or clients through a series of actions, either face to face or over the telephone to help set up systems or resolve issues. • Troubleshooting system and network problems and diagnosing and solving hardware or software faults. • Providing support, including procedural documentation and relevant reports. • Setting up new users' accounts and profiles and dealing with password issues. • Responding within agreed time limits to call-outs. • Working continuously on a task until completion (or referral to third parties, if appropriate). • Design, implement, install, configure and troubleshooting Microsoft windows server 2012,2016,2019 & 2021.
Personal Information
Full Name : Javed ur Rahman
Gender : Male
Nationality : Pakistani
Visa Type : Employment visa
Languages Known : Arabic,English, Urdu, Hindi, and Pashto Residential Address : Fereej Al Murrah Doha
Driving License - Expiry 25-4-2027
Education
Master in Computer Science
Institute: IBMS Agricultural University Peshawar Pakistan Session: 2014 to 2018
Grades/Division: 2.98CGPA/A
FAC
Institute: Govt Collage MirAli Pakistan
Session: 2010 to 2012
Grades/Division: 1st/A
REFERENCES
1. Gohar Ali (Technical Network Engineer at KTC Qatar ) ad1nku@r.postjobfree.com
+65 93661712
2. Muhammad Umer (Network Engineer at Flora group) ad1nku@r.postjobfree.com
+974-********
3. Muhammad Ismail (IT Specialist Creative Technology Solution Dubai) ad1nku@r.postjobfree.com
+971-**-*******
DECLARATION
A fore mentioned statements holds true in accordance to my good knowledge.
Contact this candidate