Paul A. Ajayi
**** *** ***** ****,
Primm Springs, TN. 38476 713-***-****. ad1otn@r.postjobfree.com

AWS/Network Engineer
An IT professional with six years of experience specializing in technical support, and Network, AWS, VMWare, customer service, and system administration. Adept at communicating effectively with customers to identify ideal solutions to technical issues and ensure client satisfaction.

Revolution Financial Management
Financial Professional. 03/2023 -President
11/2022. Helping spouse with business till present.
Relationship Banker
First Horizon Bank May 2022-Nov. 2022
Key Responsibilities Include
Engage customers in the lobby to assist, educate and train customers on how to conduct simple transactions through self-service technologies.
Prepare and review all account documentation pertinent to loans,
Connecting customers to the appropriate teammate to help them achieve their financial goals.

Lab Supervisor
Visionworks, Nashville TN March, 2021 – April, 2022
Routinely verify that all option purchased by the customer are delivered as promised.
Assist in recruiting, sales, selecting and training of all lab associates and retails.
Network Engineer II
Tech Data Clearwater, FL Jan. 2019 – Nov. 2019
Operation and maintenance of systems hardware/software and related infrastructure,
Test and analyst hardware, including system, Servers software, switches, routers, lines, modems, adapter and connect Servers, Wi-Fi- Meraki, configuration.
attention to detail.
problem solving, AWS, 3PAR
software troubleshooting.
written and verbal communication.
critical thinking, firewalls
knowledge of IT service management software.
Deployed Cloud Computing using, IoT, SAN, EMC, VMware and (IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS) Powershell, and deployment models (Private, Public, Migration, Automation, Gateways, SD-WAN, and Virtual Private) python, Ansible, Terraform, CI/CD pipeline, REST, API, Git, powershell, python, Cloud scalable services
conducting training sessions or seminars, resolving client issues, testing products and specifications, reporting on daily tasks, Blade servers, and responsibilities, documenting processes or application instructions, attending meetings, OneView, GCP, generating
Responsible for supporting execution of lab processes testing for production.
Develop DoE reports and updates for internal and external stakeholders.

Network Engineer
Hewlett Packard, Houston TX Oct. 2009. Dec. 2018
Implementation, documentation, analysis and root cause resolution. Creative problems solving skills, Azure, HTML, CSS, router, Install, develop, Java Script and Kubernetes
Troubleshoot and resolve hardware and software issues for end-users.
Install and configure software Meraki, applications and updates.
Manage user accounts and permissions in Active Directory.
Provide technical support for remote users via phone and email.
Participates as a member of project team of other electrical hardware engineers and internal and outsourced development partners to develop reliable, cost effective and high quality solutions for low to moderately- complex products.
Develop, implement and monitor strategic hardware support implementation, Blade servers, rack server, AWS Develop, REST API, and automation. CI/CD platform Python, Jenkins, pipeline, ERP, Configure AD, Fire base CLI and Routing protocols. AWS, 3PAR, HPSA, TCP/IP, file transmission error resolution, system maintenance.
Demonstrate strong analytical problem solving and root cause and analysis, Terraforms, GCP, Ansible
Support engineering and integration discussions amid in clients.
Feedback, assessment, and corrective action.
Lab Manager
Lenscrafter, Houston TX Sept. 2014 Dec. 2015
Marketed and promoted optical practice to maximize sales and build patient loyalty.
Maintained and executed constant high expectation work atmosphere to provide outstanding, professional customer service.
Met with industry reps to ensure up to date products and market knowledge.
Trained and educated staff to meet company guidelines, policies, and goals.
Administrative operations including hiring, firing, associate reviews, training objectives and management team meetings.
Acquired surgical referrals by networking and co-managing with optometrists
Implemented advertising and internal strategies to consistently increase customer base.
Education
MBA Century University, Albuquerque, NM 2011
BSc Computer Science. 2010
North Harris Community College, Houston TX 2000

Language:
Italian
German
Contact this candidate