SCOTT M. HARRIS, CCNP/CCDP
*** ********** ***
Hamden, CT 06518
203-***-****
ad1oj9@r.postjobfree.com

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
Precision Computer Services, Inc
Senior Solutions Architect May 2018 to Nov 2023
Post sales support of large enterprise (Health Care) and global voice and video collaboration systems. Cisco Unified Call Manager up to Ver 12.5, Cisco Unity Connection, Cisco IM&P, Cisco Emergency Responder, Cisco Call Center Express, Cisco Video systems, TMS.XE, Expressway Cluster technology, Geo-DNS. ISDN/H323 gateways as well as CUBE SIP gateway configuration and troubleshooting.
Webex Control Hub, Webex Teams/Meetings, Webex Calling sales/solutions and administration.

Total Communications Inc August 2015 to May 2018
Senior Voice Network Engineer
Post sales installation and upgrade of Cisco UC environments within a variety of vertical markets. Installation of Telepresence and VCS Expressway for remote access and Cisco Meeting Room. In addition, I also worked with customer routing and switching to support UC as well as data center environments. Work with clients to install virtual machines within customer EXSi deployments as well as Cisco-based UC hosts.

Logicalis Inc. January 2013 to Aug 2015
Senior Cisco Collaboration Consultant
Design document creation and post-sales installation of Cisco Unified Voice systems: CUCM/CUC/CER/UCCX/CUxAC version 10.x. Final documentation and knowledge transfer to client personnel. Deployments utilizing Cisco UCS 200 Series hosts and VMware ESXi 4.x/5.x. Dial Plan design, Unified Messaging, E911 and Call Center. Deployed Cisco Nexus series switches in customer data center environments. Lead engineer for a global MPLS network upgrade for a pharmaceutical client directing on site ‘smart hands’ technicians.

NWN CORPORATON February 2009 to Dec 2012
Senior Solutions Consultant
Architect, consult, design, deploy, and support a wide range of Cisco solutions, Nexus 7000/5000/Fabric extender for large enterprise data center. Deployed Cisco 6509E in VSS configuration to support global infrastructure. Cisco Unified Communication System 7.x/8.x on Cisco appliance as well as VM – ESX 4.1 on C-series hosts.

PRESIDIO NETWORKED SOLUTIONS March 2007 to February 2009
Senior Network Engineer
Pre/Post Sales duties specializing in Enterprise Cisco Voice solutions UCM 5.x/6.x/7.x, Unity 4.x/5.x, CUPS, UCME/CUE including upgrades from earlier Call Manager and Unity versions. Additional specializations include Cisco PIX/ASA in redundant and VPN configuration, Cisco Router (including ISR) and LAN switches (3750, 4500/6500 series). Perform network performance, configuration, and fault tolerance audits for Enterprise customers.

WOODS NETWORK SERVICES April 2003 to March 2007
Senior Systems Engineer
Perform duties as needed for a Cisco Gold Partner specializing in Cisco Voice solutions. These duties included the design, implementation, debugging, and documentation for SMB voice projects. These projects included: the design/install/troubleshooting Cisco Router and Switch Platforms, Cisco Call Manager V 3x/4x on various Cisco-approved MCS platforms, Cisco Unity V3.x/4.x, Cisco Call Manager Express V3.x, Cisco Unity Express V1.x/2.x, Cisco IPCC, IPCC Express Scripting, Route/Dial Plans, SRST, IAD's, and Voice Gateways(H323,MGCP). Dial Peer Configuration, OnRamp/OffRamp Faxing as well as modem and Fax pass through.

CALLISMA East Berlin, CT December 2000 to September 2002
Senior Consultant
Client engagements included post-9/11 network recovery for The Bank of New York (9 months), VoIP implementation and Frame-Relay-to-ATM for Liberty Bank (2 months), Network Assessment and Re-configuration for Lifecare.com. Responsibilities included design review of enterprise network architecture and assessment of infrastructure efficiency/reliability. Design, implementation, documentation and troubleshooting of infrastructure devices, to maintain strict Quality of Service for enterprise applications such as Voice Over IP (Cisco AVVID), SNA, and mid-range computer systems. Possess strong configuration skill set with TCP/IP, IPX/SPX, and AppleTalk multi-layer switching utilizing Cisco 4000/5000/6000 products. Experienced with BGP, OSPF, EIGRP, and RIP v1/v2 design and implementation utilizing Cisco 1600/1700/2600/3600/4500/7000 products. Proficient in the use of Network Protocol Analyzers to assess efficiency, utilization and error rates in customer LAN/WAN environments. Performed server platform assessment and configuration for NT 4.0, Windows 2000, and NetWare 4.x/5.x.

MICROS TO MAINFRAMES Rocky Hill, CT December 1996 to December 2000
Senior Systems Consultant
Perform project management including pre-sales consulting, solution and product recommendation, design and implementation, training, and post installation documentation for a variety of network platforms. Solutions include switched LAN/VLAN on Ethernet, Fast Ethernet, Gigabit Ethernet, and Token Ring networks, WAN solutions using Cisco Routers implementing Frame Relay, ISDN, Point To Point, and Dial Backup. Experience in Voice/Data Integration and IP Telephony. Experienced with Enterprise Messaging using Novell GroupWise 4.x/5.x, and Novell Netware 3.x/4.x /5x. Provided technical team leadership in projects such as Bristol, CT city wide network initiative, where I designed the WAN/LAN infrastructure, file/print, and Messaging system and led the implementation team to the successful conclusion of a $1.25 M project.
AM COMPUTER PRODUCTS Southington, CT September 1994 to December 1996
Network Systems Engineer, Network Systems Manager
As a Systems Engineer/Network Systems Manager, provide project leadership to a group of network technicians and CNE’s. Perform site surveys, design switched/non switched Ethernet and token ring networks. Was responsible for the selection, design and recommending hardware/software solutions for LAN’s/WAN’s to a corporate and educational customer base. These solutions include Netware 3.x/4.x, Lantastic 5.0/6.0, Windows NT 3.51 Server. Configure client operating systems that include DOS, Windows 3.1, Windows for Workgroups, Windows 95, Windows NT Workstation, and Macintosh Client for Netware. Configure cross-platform solutions for Macintosh, Unix and IBM SAA. Implement systems at customer site, provide training to IS personnel and end-users. Follow up to assure customer satisfaction and ongoing business relationships.

ADVANCED MEDICAL SYSTEMS Hamden, CT November 1986 to July 1994
Computer Systems Manager
Worked as the Computer Systems Manager for a medical systems manufacturer. These LAN’s were used in hospital Labor and Delivery units using Novell Netware and Lantastic. Use of real time data collection over a RS485 network bus used in conjunction with Ethernet and token ring networks to effectively monitor mother and baby vital statistics. Oversee all phases of installation including site surveys and assembly/testing of computer networks, Performed on-site installation and in-service of clinical engineers and nursing staff. Provided telephone and field support to customers, including updates and troubleshooting via modem. Responsible for compilation of test procedures and assembly instructions for use by over seas OEM marketing firms.

Publication
Co-Authored ‘Cisco VoIP’ Second Edition for Syngress Publishing July 2002

EDUCATION / Certifications
Microsoft Certified Professional Windows 2000 August 2002
Currently pursuing MCSE Windows 2000 (Self-study)
CCNP/CCDP Currently Certified
CCIE written exam (Voice) January 2013
Cisco Meraki Network Associate October 2017

CONNECTICUT COMPUTER SERVICE Southington, CT
Novell Netware 5 CNE August 2000
Courseware: Netware 5.x Update
Novell Master CNE October 1996
Specialization: Network Management
Courses Studied: Fundamentals Of Network Management, Fundamentals Of InterNetworking,
Network Management Using ManageWise, Netware Expert For ManageWise
Novell Master CNE
Specialization: Novell GroupWise 4.x and 5.x July 1996
Courses Studied: GroupWise 4.x Administration, Async Gateways & Remote Client Support,
GroupWise 4.x Advanced Administration, GroupWise 4.x to 5.x Differences.
Novell Netware 4 CNE April 1996
Courses Studied: Netware 3 to Netware 4 Update, Netware 4 Installation & Configuration,
Netware 4 Design & Implementation, Netware TCP/IP Transport
Novell Netware 3 CNE April 1994
Courses Studied: DOS& Microcomputers, Network Technologies, Netware 2.2 Admin,
Netware 2.2 Advanced Admin, Netware 3.x Admin, Netware 3.x Advanced Admin,
Netware Support Services
Contact this candidate