Hesam Javdani
Germantown, MD ***** 202-***-**** ad1rbt@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Senior Network Engineer and System Administrator with 15 years of experience in designing, implementing and troubleshooting network infrastructure

SKILLS

Performance Analysis
Servers expertise
Infrastructure planning
Self-Motivated
Monitoring Solutions (Solarwinds,PRTG, WhatsUp Gold)
Network security oversight
Network repairs and maintenance
Experience in designing and TCP/IP network
Hand on practice in Cisco Priority and industry standard protocol (CDP, LLDP, HSRP, VRRP, GLBP)
Understanding of routing protocols (EIGRP, OSPF, ISI, RIP, BGP)

Cisco Layer2,3 and ASA Firewall (catalyst 4500,9300,3750,2950, Nexus 9Ks)
Juniper Firewalls
Windows server
Active directory – Cloud AD
Vmware (Vcenter) and Hyper-v
Netapp and EMC SAN solution
Analyzing Monitoring reports
experience with managing, monitoring and designing the SolarWinds IPAM, NPM, SRM, SAM, NCM, WPM, VMAN, VNQM, UDT modules as an integrated solution.
Using the monitoring reports as the source for network and services to diagnose the issue and find the best practice especially for the specific issue

WORK HISTORY

SYSTEMS ADMINISTRATOR 02/2022 to CURRENT
CTIS Rockville, MD
Monitoring system performance and troubleshooting issues Ensuring security and efficiency of IT infrastructure
Manage network servers and technology tools
Monitor performance and maintain systems according to requirements
Ensure security through access controls, backups and firewalls
Configure and manage Layer 2 and Layer 3 Switches and Firewall
operations related to Exchange
virtual machine setup and host maintenance
data center checks and coordinate with maintenance vendors
Provide tier 2-3 help desk support to CTIS employees and contractors
regular operations, routine maintenance, and monitoring of all server operations related to Active Directory
Backup solution and disaster recovery

SOCIAL MEDIA MANAGER 01/2018 to 01/2022
Blossom Daycare Gaithersburg, MD
Monitored online presence of company's brand to engage with users and strengthen customer relationships.
Analyzed and reported social media and online marketing campaign results.
Developed marketing content such as blogs, promotional materials, and advertisements for social media.
Increased customer engagement through social media.
Drove cross-functional collaboration with focus on quality service delivery.

DATACENTER MANAGER 02/2010 to 12/2017
Astan Qods Razavi Mashhad, Khorasan
Maintained professional, organized, and safe environment for employees and patrons.
Resolved staff member conflicts, actively listening to concerns and finding appropriate middle ground.
Maximized performance by monitoring daily activities and mentoring team members.
Planned and budgeted accurately to provide business with resources needed to operate smoothly.
Configuration and administration of a complex networks environment consisting of +500 windows servers, +800 Cisco switches, Cisco(ASA)/Juniper(ISG) firewalls
Install and configure monitoring tool (SolarWinds,PRTG)
Analyzing the SolarWinds reports and find the network issues
Monitoring Systems performance (SolarWinds)
Manage and coordinate Datacenter daily operations

NETWORK ENGINEER CONSULTANT 08/2015 to 08/2016
Mashhad Mall Mashhad, Khorasan
Designing Infrastructure and backup/disaster solutions

NETWORK SECURITY CONSULTANT 02/2014 to 08/2016
Imam Reza International University Mashhad, Khorasan
Cyber Security suggestions
Network component hardening recommendations.
Perform Pen tests

NETWORK ENGINEER CONSULTANT 03/2014 to 10/2015
Beton Machine Mashhad, Khorasan
Managed, tracked, and coordinated problem resolution and escalation processes.
Troubleshot complex multi-vendor network service provider issues.
Performed troubleshooting for Juniper, Cisco, and packet analysis.
Provided complete end-to-end engineering and installation of route-based IP network solutions.
Provided network support services for devices such as hubs, bridges, routers, and other hardware.
Provided detailed network diagrams and procedural guidelines.

NETWORK ADMINISTRATOR 05/2005 to 03/2010
Atan Qods Mashhad, Khorasan
Identified and immediately resolved issues with network devices.
Performed day-to-day LAN and WAN administration, maintenance, and support.
Maintained network hardware and software and monitored network to support network availability to end users.
Assisted IT staff on troubleshooting issues and closing calls.
Monitored system performance and responded to alerts.
Backed up company data to distributed storage centers to avoid massive data loss.
Installed, configured and supported local area network (LAN), wide area network (WAN) and Internet system.
Managed computer operation scheduling, backup, storage and retrieval functions.
Managed and maintenance windows server environment
Software version control
Developed Virtualization environment

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science Information Technology 04/2010
Business Training Center of Ministry of Commerce

CERTIFICATIONS

Cisco CCNA
ISMS (information management security systems)
SAFe 5 Practitioner
Microsoft Windows IoT

.
Contact this candidate