Charles O. Olawole.

Telephone: 443-***-**** Email address: ad1z8b@r.postjobfree.com
Address: **** ****** ****. ***** ********. MD. 20772.

Education & Certifications
MCSE.
CCNP.
CCIE.(written)
AWS Certified Solutions Architect- Associate
Active- Public Trust Security Clearance.
Skills
Highly skilled in Network designs and Systems analysis using Fault, Change, Account, Performance and Security (FCAPS) metrics.
Highly skilled in LAN/WAN technologies, protocols, standards and topologies including frame relay, DMZ,VOIP, QOS ATM, MPLS, DMVPN, SONET, FDDI Ethernet, fast Ethernet, Python and Ansible scripting, SDWAN, Zero Trust, Defence in Depth and Cisco ACI.
Highly skilled in Project management and network installations.
Hands-on trouble-shooting of LAN/WAN-working using Bridges, Routers, Firewalls, Concentrators, Switches and Gateways. Cisco, Juniper, Palo Alto, Checkpoint, Fortinet, F5 Load balancer etc.
Graffiti Consulting, Inc. Lanhan MD. September 2016 - Present
Senior Network Engineer.
This role requires the responsibility of supporting the installation, configuration, and maintenance of United States Internal Revenue Services Cisco network devices for the Implementation of Plug and Play solution. To develop and Implement Auto Smart-Port which recognizes the device type once connected and automatically configures the port correctly based on templates, this includes configuration of cisco router and switches to bring up a site if needed. Additional duties include support of the Network Management Control Center in day to day operations and monitoring of the IRS network equipment availability and performance, response to alerts and trouble tickets, and performing trouble shooting tasks. This includes the monitoring the availability of the Cisco devices as defined in the EN Availability Management Process. Responsibilities includes but not limited to:
Troubleshooting IP Networks, including support for different routing protocols. (RIP, IGRP, OSPF, and EIGRP & BGP).
Support of the successful rollout of Cisco software and related hardware to ensure that hardware and software being changed is traceable, secure and that only correct, authorized and tested versions are installed.
Network security administration with support for multi-platform Firewalls implementations which include network access configurations with detailed understanding of network security using Checkpoint, Palo Alto, Juniper, Fortigate & Cisco ASA firewalls. Creating rules, NATs, troubleshooting access using Tcpdump etc.
Administration and support for Cisco Firepower 2100, 4100 and 9300 series devices and solutions.
Cisco devices refresh project administration and configurations deployment using the Cisco Prime Infrastructure Version 3.3 and the HP Network Automation.
Creating Cisco network device configuration templates with considerations for clients configuration parameters which includes interface configurations, access control lists, IP address assignments, VTP, TACACS, Trunkings, NTP, Stacking and other configuration parameters based on network requirements.
Assist with updating the NMCC Knowledge Management repository by providing timely Knowledge database entries on issues encountered and procedures developed for resolving Cisco issues.
Perform Continuous Process Improvement to ensure the Event Management process improvements are made and processes are followed.
Design and implementation guidance, Test environment review, Solution integration assistance Migration and deployment planning, test cases and scenario guidance and solution architecture and pre sales deployments
Network traffic management and load balancing using Citrix Netscaler MPX/ 21550, Barraculla 640 & the F5 Big IP LTM 11050
Cisco Site to site/ anyconnect client remote VPN configurations and support including configuration parameters verifications, tunnels troubleshooting and access control lists.
Supported Network Access Control to include Guest network with campus wide MPLS.
Cisco 5520 Wireless Controller support and administration of multiple Cisco Meraki MX64 wireless access points to support government user clients.
Administration and support for Cisco ASR1002/1006, 7600 & 12000 series routers and Cisco Nexus 5000, 7000 & 9000 series Switches. This includes configuration, validation and TFTP backups.
Analyse the thresholds and subsequent events and alerts that are created to determine the right balance between events, alerts and the capacity of network providers to respond.
Drafting new or updated SOPs for government review

THE MIL CORPORATION Washington DC. July 2014 – September 2016
Senior Network Engineer.
Responsible for providing Network Operation support while tasked with the creation of procedures, identifying, troubleshooting and resolving network problems, defining installation procedures, and assuring requirements are met for new and existing systems in support of engineering and installation. Providing hands-on technical support and managerial direction for the Global network infrastructure of a large Federal Government agency. Tasks include support for OSPF, STP, RSTP, MST and static routing. Setup and maintenance of VPN tunnels, VLAN configurations, creating and managing SSL tunnels and network security using Cisco ASA Firewalls, ACLs, IPsec and other encryption methodologies. Other duties are as follows:
Responsible for deploying and maintaining client’s Global network backbone.
Administration and support for Cisco ASR 1001, ASA 5585, Catalyst 6509e, and Nexus 3000/5000 series switches.
Cisco ASA5555 failover configuration and support which includes initial device assessment, failover commands and interfaces configurations and tests.
Amazon AWS administration and support including EC2 instance creation and access management, security groups’ creation and interface management.
Proactively identify, analyse, troubleshoot and diagnose issues on customer’s network, with the goal of continuous improvement of service delivery.
Document issues and resolution for future reference in the knowledge base.
Advanced troubleshooting wish includes packet level data capture and analysis using Network sniffers (e.g. Wireshark etc.).
Cisco any-connect deployment and configuration and support for Split-Tunnel deployment.
Proactive network monitoring and management using SolarWinds ORION NPM, APM, NCM and Netflow.
Administration and support of multiple sites Circuit bandwidth upgrades which includes router cards/interface configurations for multilink deployments and bandwidth tests.
Detailed network analysis which includes Log analysis as considerations for creative decisions using industry best practices.

Innovim Defence Services. Greenbelt MD. (NOAA) Jan 2012 – July 2014
Senior Network Consultant/POC Security.
Perform variety of network engineering tasks, system analysis, troubleshooting, configuration, management, operational and maintenance oversight of complex local/wide area Network at a customer site, assist customer in managing the network, Installation and configuration of WAN devices, servers, Internetworking equipment and services in a heterogeneous network environment. Provide tier III maintenance support to the clients throughout the United States. Responsible for identifying, diagnosing and resolving WAN related trouble tickets using the PMTS and other IBM proprietary database programs to optimize the network and performing other network engineering task.

Innovim Defence Services. Greenbelt MD. (NASA) July 2011 – July 2014
Senior Network Engineer.
Functioned as part of the team that coordinated the Design, configuration and support for the NASA Space Network (SN) Ground Segment Sustainment (SGSS) network architecture. Ensuring WAN connectivity between the WSGT, STGT, BPGT, GRGT & GSFC Networks, creating systems policies, security policies & Network documentations which include the Space Network (SN) Ground Segment Sustainment (SGSS) to NASA Integrated Services Network (NISN) Interface Control Document (ICD) creation and updates. Other responsibilities and duties include:
Configuration and support for the Cisco Unified Communications Deployment (CUCM) architecture using the Cisco call manager and Unity software.
DNS configurations for inverse name resolution for SGSS internal destinations and NISN external destination requests.
BGP symmetric and path prioritization support, network Designs, configuration and support for Cisco AS prepend, Local preference & BGP community attributes.
Route redistribution between BGP and OSPF using Cisco Admin Distance route prioritization method.
Planning, re-organization and design of network security architecture which includes network security audits, network scanning, firewalls configurations/setups and Access list Configurations.
Design and configuration of the NISN provided Layer 3 Virtual Private Network.
Administration and support for Cisco ASA 5560, Cisco ASR 1006 Edge routers.
Intrusion detections systems and cisco load balancers setups and configurations.
Multicast network designs and support for multi internetwork routing control.

Concave Communications Networks Washington DC. January 2004 - July 2011.
Senior Network Engineer.
My duties involve providing variety of Tier III network engineering support tasks, system analysis, troubleshooting, Network management, operational and maintenance oversight of complex LAN/WAN on Windows 2003/2008 platforms. Interfacing with other senior network engineers, tracking and fixing network problems using different network management tools to troubleshoot problems on CISCO routers/switches. It involves telneting into different Alcatel Workstations on corporate wide web and liaising with customer database to correct problems with network infrastructure as well as working closely with clients to resolve their various Network Issues. Other duties included but not limited to the followings:
Coordination of Multi-platform Data Centre Migration, which includes determining operational test/back out plan for mission critical application server moves with minimized downtime.
Administration, programming and configuration validations for Cisco routers/switches and other network devices, performing troubleshooting tasks for connectivity, speed, and packet loss issues.
NOC Support and routine management Performance, maintenance, and fail-over testing based on standard operations/procedures guides or as needed in response to problems/emergencies.
Network security administration with support for multi platform Firewalls implementations which include network access configurations
Troubleshooting LAN/VLAN (broadband networks/VOIP networks), Cisco AS5300, 2500, 3500, 7500 and 12000 series router installation and configurations.
Troubleshooting and maintenance of Cisco Catalyst 5500 and 1900 switches.
Administrating & Implementing HSRP for Fault tolerance in a Cisco based Mission Critical Networks.
Troubleshooting network firewall access which includes creating rules, NATs, routes, ACLs and troubleshooting access by ensuring routes, reverse routes, NATs to ensure 3 way handshake.

IBM Global Services Washington DC. March 1999-Dec 2003
Network Support Engineer
Perform variety of network engineering tasks, system analysis, troubleshooting, configuration, management, operational and maintenance oversight of complex local/wide area Network at a customer site, assist customer in managing the network, Installation and configuration of servers, workstations, Internetworking equipment and services in a heterogeneous network environment. Provide tier III maintenance support to the clients throughout the United States. Responsible for identifying, diagnosing and resolving WAN related trouble tickets using the PMTS and other IBM proprietary database programs to optimize the network and performing other network engineering task including.
Tier III support for Network Operations Centers throughout the United States using different network management tools.
Troubleshooting IP Networks, including support for different routing protocols.
Installed and configured Cisco 4000, 7000 series routers, 29xxG series switches & RSM.
Troubleshooting and support for wide Area Networks including frame-relay, X.25, ISDN BRI and PRI, T1, T3 and ATM.
Providing assistance to the Client’s sideline coordinators (SLIC)/Engineers on network usage reports, and the state of the IP backboned network.
Providing Workstation set-up, configuration to join network and TCP/IP configurations. Also providing performance analysis, Network management, systems backup and network cabling.
References available on request.
Contact this candidate