Joseph P. Ingrams, Jr.
Phone: 214-***-****
Email: ad21iw@r.postjobfree.com
San Antonio, Texas

Experience Summary
Over 20 years practice and skill as a Wireless/Network Engineer. Accomplishments include:
Commissioned and integrated 3G/4G/2.5 LTE sites in Samsung BSM and LSMR platforms and made site commercial
Migrated and provisioned from old Legacy Sprint’s equipment to new Samsung 3G and 4G/LTE for all national markets
Provided network operations center (NOC) monitoring and management services by maintaining the managed networks while working with the customer and service processes
Provided 24/7 Tier 2 network growth, provisioning, and outage recovery, escalating complex issues to Tier 3
Supervised and trained 40 technicians to troubleshoot complex customer issues, increasing productivity 27% in the first two years and improving team productivity 80%
U. S. Army veteran.31 years still currently serving (Active Reserves) Secret security clearance.
Professional Experience
United States Air Force (DTSI / Maca logic) San Antonio, TX 02-2017 / Present ALM ERP Analyst (Contractor) /Senior System Administrator
Experience with the setup and administration of virtual systems and architectures, specifically, VMWare. System such as HP ALM, SILK & ALM Octane.
Able to address all manner of issues with Functional Test (UFT) and HP Fortify suites from an administrative point of view. HP Unified
For both PCs and designated Windows servers, manages services, assigns rights, reads/interprets system, and application event logs, creates script files (VB and BAT) from the DOS command shell or MS PowerShell as needed.
Able to navigate within and have a basic understanding of the Unix/Linux environment where required. Documents all processes as needed such that an untrained person can perform respective tasks.
Advises on selection of technological purchases with regards to processing, data storage, and data access and applications development.
Advises of feasibility of potential future projects to management.
Assists in software upgrades, documentation, and implementation.
Customizes and configures workflow to allow the integration of applications.

Frontier Communications Conversion Project Richardson, TX 09-2015/ 2016
Network Test Engineer (Contractor)
Create Requirements and formulate test scenarios and test cases
Managing and executing the functional and regression system test required for products and services being converted HP-ALM
Experience in validating the converted data and existing functionally in Metasolv M6 and Network Design Experience, medium to large-scale network design skills.
Network Testing in the following areas Circuit Design/SONET/PSR/Equipment/EUL/ASR/ISR) Networking and Active Directory
Knowledge of Source Data Environment: TIRKS, AAIS-DS,IVAPP or BAAIS.
Ability to write and execute SQL Queries in M6 DATABASES, System/business, Requirements gathering Data, Gap Analysis and Process Mapping

SAMSUNG TELECOMMUNICATIONS AMERICA/WORLDLINK – Frisco, TX 05-2013/ 04- 2015
RAN Wireless Engineer (Contractor)
Provided in-depth analysis and troubleshooting of problems, such as RSSI and VSWR not in ranges
Provisioned and commissioned CDMA/LTE RAN equipment with parameters provided by national RF engineers & DATABASES changes.
Solid hands-on experience of GSM/UTRAN/Core Network Node and inter-operability to the OSS Systems.
Converted 3G from temp GMR to full build
Assisted RF and FE engineering teams to perform drive tests on 3G/4G/2.5 LTE, such as CTTP and E911 tests
WINDSTREAM COMMUNICATIONS – Little Rock, AR 11-2012/05-2013
Test & Turn Up Network Engineer (Contractor)
Performed implementation reviews and configured equipment in IP/Ethernet space
Worked with both technicians and engineers to test and turn-up network devices
Identified and repaired faulty network configuration issues, TCP/IP Networking
FUJITSU COMMUNICATIONS – Richardson, TX 03-2012/11-2012
Fujitsu Network Communications (FNC) Support Engineer (Contractor)
Provided general technical support including test and turn up of new equipment, network configuration, and assisted in network migrations. Server setup and Administration. PowerShell scripting.
Provided front-line support to customers by answering calls and technical questions and assisting with basic configuration issues for databases.
Conducted follow up analysis on unresolved customer issues or escalated matter to the next appropriate tier level of support
Expertise in SONET, Optical Transport (L1 Transport and DWDM) to include IPO DWDM and Carrier Ethernet solutions
Experience in optical products such as ONS-15454, ONS-15216, ONS-15310
AT&T Communications – Richardson, TX 11-2009/03- 2012
Layer 2 NRC Mobility TAC Engineer (Contractor)
Provided resolution technical support for the Telecommunication Layer 2 Mobility networks
Led Lifecycle process change (upgrade/patch) applications networking.
Managed surveillance tools (AOTS/Ruby) Juniper Router MX240, SRX 1400

VERIZON DFW AIRPORT – Grapevine, TX 06-2007/04-2009
EMS Administrator, Network Reliability for the Texas Region (Network Operations Management)
Added and removed SONET nodes or rings in five EMS systems (SDN Controller, Open stack, NFV) IP Internetworking, Optical products. Layer 2 MPLS, MPLS-TP, GPMLS, Inter-network troubleshooting experience.
Operated and maintained critical networks, protecting network assets (NETWORKING)
Accomplished all transport simplex issues that fell within the Verizon network that can be FCC reportable and also worked with the entire CO in the Metro District
Expertise in SONET, Optical Transport (L1 Transport and DWDM) to include IPoDWDM and Carrier Ethernet solutions
Experience in optical products such as ONS-15454, ONS-15216, ONS-15310
VERIZON
Repair Supervisor, Network Operations Management – Irving, TX 01-2006/06- 2007
Exceeded target by 2% -12% for responding to/resolving internal and external service requests, reduced cycle time 14%
Determined number of orders processed by generating an order comparison tool within a cost efficient manner (NETWORKING)
Network Access Tester – Grapevine, TX 08-2005/01– 2006
Performed circuit turn-up functions and pre-service testing for all types of designed special services and on other designed services such as SONET and DWDM and Databases
Identified all isolated trouble conditions on special services circuits using Switched Access System (SAS) remote testing equipment via CRT and/or the Data Testing Control Console
Performed DS1 thru Oc192 level remote testing and message trunk testing and turn-up functions

AT&T WIRELESS/CINGULAR/NEATT WIRELESS – MI, AL, AR 2004 – 2005
Wireless Field Engineer/BCF-BTS (Contractor)
Aided in configuration and implementation of secure wireless solution that used digital certificates to assist Field Service to utilize mobility.
Accomplished and maintained the integrity of multiple Mobile Switching Centers (MSCs), and performed the monitoring and maintenance of all the major network switch components, transmission facilities power MTSO complex
NOKIA – Irving, TX 2003 – 2004
Wireless BTS Engineer (Contractor)
Isolated sites for the purpose of the field tech to make frequency or parameter changes to TRX or active BTS sites performing regular alarm checks for sites and alarm history
Reduced resolution time 12%
Resolved outages and major system issues
Military Experience
U. S. ARMY RESERVE – Grand Prairie, TX
Signal Support Systems Specialist (25B) Network Operations Management/S-6 NCOIC
Installed, operated and maintained designated radio, data distribution systems troubleshoot signal support equipment, and terminal devices. Thorough knowledge of SCCM and SCOM product suite.
Provided technical assistance and training for user-owned and -operated automated telecommunication computer systems, LANs & routers, and signal communications. TCP/IP, topology, and Security.
Maintained selected electronic devices and performed signal support functions
Education
Southern University Agricultural & Mechanical College, Baton Rouge, LA
BS Electronic Engineering

The Institute of Robotics and The University of Texas Houston, Texas
Marine and ROV Technician/ Pilot Certification (IMCA Grade II)
25B40-- Information Technology NCOIC U.S. Army
Information Technology Specialist Course

CERTIFICATIONS
CompTia Network + 2009 3M Fiber Cert 2014
CompTia Security + 301 (2008 Edition) 2010 CompTia Security + 401 (2017 -CE)
Secret Security Clearance 2010- Current
TECHNICAL SKILLS / CERTIFICATIONS
Maintained Operating Systems
Installed, Configured and Troubleshoot PC Components
Installed/Troubleshoot Printers/Scanners
VoIP, HP Open View, Cisco Works, SONET
Experience in optical products such as ONS-15454, ONS-15216, ONS-15310
CDMA,TDMA, GSM, LAN, and WAN Controller
TCP/IP routing, multicast, Cisco experience with some testing of HW and SW
Understanding and Maintaining Networks, Microsoft Active Directory, DATABASES
Approved Fiber Optic Fiber Installer
High Voltage Safety and Lock out Tag Out Certification
Granite Database
Cli-manager (Nortel Passport) Juniper Router MX240, SRX 1400
Error Recovery and Data Security
Defense Message Systems Operation and Maint.
Network +, Supporting Microsoft Windows NT 4.0 Core Technologies
Administering Microsoft Windows NT Server 4.0
Nokia GSM BSSULT and Nokia EDGE BTS /3G/4G/2.5 LTE sites - BSM and LSMR platforms
SQL, MySQL / Understanding of Data Integration (Informatica & Oracle) and Java enterprise technologies including familiarity with Oracle Database, Solaris/Unix/Linux
Local Area Networks (LANs) & Wide Area Networks (WANs) / TCP/IP, Topology, and Security.
Understanding of large IP networks including protocols (OSPF, BGP, MPLS, SNMP, IGMP, ACLs, and QoS) and network security, network equipment from various vendors, OSS systems, and trouble isolation. Microsoft Active Directory
Contact this candidate