VANI VINUKONDA

Phone : 425-***-****
E-mail: ad23xu@r.postjobfree.com

Career Objective:

Highly analytical team player with excellent multitasking abilities, Bright critical thinker with proven talent for learning new skills quickly in results-oriented environment, seeking a challenging position as network test engineer / SQA.

Academic Credentials:
●BS in Electronics & Communication Engineering.
●Certificate in MS Office

Mobility Technology:
●Knowledge of LTE architecture and various interfaces.
●Knowledge of EPC
●Knowledge of IMS architecture and IMS core.
●Knowledge of VoLTE call flow
●Knowledge of SIP registration

Tools & Technologies:
●STAR, FDM, QXDM, Spirent, Thor App
●MS Office
●Selenium, JIRA and Bugzilla

Network Engineer BTI Inc/Client: Samsung Electronics America May-2019 – Mar 2023

●Performed stationary analysis on 2G, 3G, 4G, LTE and 5G network and bands.
●Performed functional integration and regression testing on Mobile phones, Smart Phone, Tablets and gears (Watches).
●Performed E911 and SMR 911 testing in RF Chambers and set attenuator according to requirement to suppress signals (2G, 3G, 4G, LTE and 5G VoNR).
●To check SIP packets PANI 3GPP, E-UTRAN, 4G and 5G.
●Performed detailed testing on 5G SA, 5G NSA, 5G EPSFB to LTE VoNR and LTE.
●Executed new and existing test cases according to specification and analyze results.
●Performed regression testing on existing and failed test cases.
●Created logs and raise PLM and document testing phases and defects.
●Reported bugs and errors to SME and R&D teams.
●Good understanding of LTE call flows based on 3GPP specifications.
●Good Experience in all aspects of Test tools such as Spirent tools [MMQoE] and attenuators.
●Good understanding of TCP, UDP, FTP, UL, DL bandwidth, 3GPP specification on tools, Thor and QXDM for 4G, 5G testing and data collection.
●Good understanding of LTE and IMS architecture and various interfaces.
●Knowledge of VoLTE call flow, SIP Registration
●Performed flashing and loading binaries in mobile phones.
●Performed VoLTE, RTT Field test, 5G SA VoNR – RTT and 5G SA EPS FB RTT, Remote SIM Unlock
●Performed detailed E2E analysis like LTE call, VoLTE call, Video Calls, Wifi Handover, SMS, MMS for various test case scenarios.
●Performed data speed testing for various signal DL, UL in Thor app (Throughput)
●Trained 5+ employees with various mobile testing plans and collecting logs.
●Having good experience in Manual and Automation Testing with Selenium Tool.
●Extensively worked on Web-based applications testing.
●Good Knowledge in all phases of Software Testing Life Cycle.
●Expertise in preparing Test Scenarios, Test Cases and Test Scripts based on System Requirement documents and Functional Requirement documents.
●Performed Functionality, System, Re and Regression testing.
●Extensive exposure in Block Box Testing using BVA and ECP.
●Effective defect reporting and tracking using tools like JIRA and Bugzilla.
●Experience in preparation of automated test scripts to perform Regression testing using Webdriver.
●Automation Experience using Selenium tool - Executing Test scripts and Regression suite.
●Good in writing Xpath for Object Identification and in writing Selenium Scripts using Eclipse IDE
●Experienced in Agile (Scrum) Methodology and actively involved in each stage of the Scrum process.
●Commitment, result oriented and interested to learn new technologies.

Mobile Testing Project AT&T AUG-18 to Apr- 19

●Setup AT&T Cell booster and bring up connectivity in Residential home.
●Executed Test Object List for mobile functional testing using IOS and Android platforms.
●Mobile originated calls – tested using Apple and android phones.
●Mobile terminated calls – tested using Apple and android phones.
●Tested voice call handover from Cell booster (LTE) to 5G/GNB.

1.Adactin – Manual Testing

Description:
Using this system user can view and check for various rooms available and simultaneously book them by making online payment via credit card. The system calculates the total cost on booking the services. Once the user makes the payment, system will provide online receipt to the user. User can view the room booking in an effective graphical user interface. Since room bookings will be displayed in effective graphical user interface user will get to know which rooms are booked and how many rooms are available for booking. Using this application user can select the room according to his preference. The rooms which are already will be disabled and the rooms which are available user just have to select it and then proceed to payment option. Once user makes the payment system will generate receipt and it will be sent to respective users email id and it will be reported to the admin, when user visits the hotel, he must show the receipt for the accommodation.

Roles and Responsibilities:
Understanding the Requirements and Functional Specifications of the Project.
Identified Test Scenarios required for testing
Prepared and Executed Test Cases as per System Requirements.
Defect Reporting and Tracking using Bugzilla
Test Management (Test Case Execution and Defect Reporting).
Extensively performed Manual Testing process to ensure the quality of the software.

2.HRMS

Description:
The project “Orange HRM” comes as a comprehensive solution for the efficient management and development of Human Resource. It will assist in the complex and strategic process of managing the crucial resource of any enterprise. Based on modular architecture, it facilitates a vast range of HR activities, with features that reflect the main HR management activities. It comes as a web-enabled application and considering the available flexibility, Orange HRM is a perfect platform for reengineering HR processes and achieving a new level of HR Management

Responsibilities:
Understanding the Requirements and Functional Specifications of the Project.
Identified Test Scenarios required for testing.
Participated in designing the Test cases.
Prepared and Executed Test Cases as per System Requirements.
Performed various black box testing Methodologies like Functionality Testing, Usability Testing and Regression Testing.
Defect Reporting and Tracking using Bugzilla.
Selenium webDriver was used to generate automated test scripts for functionally.
Contact this candidate