WILLIAM SOMMERVILLE
ad299p@r.postjobfree.com • 248-***-****
QUALIFICATIONS PROFILE
Solutions-oriented IT Professional with proven success directing and leading development, im- plementation, and support of a broad range of large-scale client/server and Web-based sys- tems, while administering network environments focused on required scripting, security and reli- ability.
An accomplished career of increasing responsibilities in software development, project management, systems analysis and IT security solutions within numerous business and development environments.
Exceptional programmer (across several languages), analysis and project manage- ment skills, successfully coordinate all phases of large-scale development and im- plementation efforts, while directing resources, authoring specifications, and deter- mining project strategies.
Solid communications abilities, able to articulate (using common sense approach) technical solutions to clients, executives, vendors, and team members at all proficien- cy levels. Documentation expert developing step by step Standard Operating Proce- dures (SOP), system operations processes and current/future state reports for man- agement and corporate officials. Became the Single Point of Contact (SPOC) on high priority briefings up to four star generals.
Detail quality-oriented development talents, with extensive full lifecycle project expe- rience, combined with leadership and management experience.
Expert hands-on technical proficiency with numerous environments (LAN/WAN) and development solutions, coupled with well-refined business acumen, managing devel- opment of solutions with direct emphasis on streamlining business operations, reduc- ing costs, and maintaining highest levels of productivity.
Great Lead by Example managerial skills, in combination of striking initiative drive qualities with considerable material, resource, and network capabilities that produces immense results.
CORE COMPETENCIES:
TECHNICAL BACKGROUND
Management of Software
Development, Administra-
tion & Lifecycle
IT Organizational
Management
Software Design, Pro-
gramming, and Testing
Project Management Systems Analysis Network Security Man- agement
Platforms: UNIX (HP-UX, Sun, IBM AIX, Solaris), Linux, Mac, Windows, Windows Servers, Office 365 and Custom applications proprieties
…Continued…
WILLIAM SOMMERVILLE
PAGE 2
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE CONTINUED
FORD MOTOR CO, DEARBORN, MI (40 HRS PER WEEK) NOV 3 2014 – NOV 4, 2023 Systems Engineer Practitioner – Ford Motor Company, FMCC Bldg, MI Hired into the company directly performing same duties as noted below under Acro agency. Last Position: Dynatrace Administrator
Provide customer service in the monitoring of applications within the Ford network. configure systems for different platform monitoring and proper access of the Dynatrace application. Attend team meetings to discuss current and future state issues at hand. Provide On-Call support on a monthly bases when required. ARCO, LIVONIA, MI (40 HRS PER WEEK) JUN 2007 – OCT 31, 2014 Systems Engineer Practitioner – Ford Motor Company, FMCC Bldg, MI Subcontracted to Ford providing global network administrations (3rd level support). These con- sist of the following applications/tools and processes: IBM Director
HP SIMS
ICAM (IBM Cloud Automation Manager)
Tivoli Framework Security (Enterprise Host Protection Audit System (Ehpas) IBM Director Security (Ehpas)
HPSiM Security (Ehpas)
Tivoli TCR EHPAS Security
Dynatrace
Shell, PowerShell, Python and Perl Scripts
Member of a team in the Global Technical & Application Management Department (Level 3/24x7), consisting of the monitoring and daily operations of the above applications (Linux/Win- dows systems of over 5000 servers) on a global bases. Presently, Initial single point of contact for IBM Director and HPSIM covering architect, administration, network, security, and major up- grades processes and procedures in a development, QA (test) and production environment. Coordinates DNS (server monitoring) requirements for the Ford network. Insures company's methodology, practices, policies and procedures are used throughout the operations. Coordi- nates information with department personnel on plans and decisions in relations to proprietary Development: Java, Java Script, HTML, Xcode, VB.NET, UNIX shell scripting, COBOL, SQL, C, C++, Perl, PHP, Python, Oracle, SQL, DB2.
Networking: LAN/WAN, TCP/IP, IPX/SPX, Samba, CUPS, SiteMinder, LDAP, DNS, HP Openview, Active Directory, IIS, FTP & SFTP, SQL Server. Security: Nokia, Netgear, Linux, Sun, & Windows, CheckPoint Firewall Systems. Trip- wire, Ethereal, Nmap, Nessus, Netstat and others tools. Tools: Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, PowerPoint, Access), MSSQL, MySQL, Ende- vor, Peregrine, Fieldnet, EMC Retrospect, Visio, Azure, Dreamweaver, Adobe PhotoShop, Flash.
WILLIAM SOMMERVILLE
PAGE 3
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE CONTINUED
production product and systems. Develops training presentation for other administrators insur- ing uniformity of operations in accordance to Standard Operating Procedures (SOP’s). and policies Creates security Infrastructure Control Reviews (ICR’s) for IBM Director and HPSIM to meet Ford operational control policies. Coordinates with security, European and Asian person- nel on production modifications and access requirements. Provides script input modification in accordance to standards for production systems. Coordinates new tools, databases (SQL server, Oracle), and processes in support of upgrade requirements. Provides research informa- tion, reports, and recommendations to management of current and future state conditions. Pro- vides high level briefing/recommendations to staff, management and stakeholders. Update on Duties: Assigned Architect in the replacement of HPSIM. Assigned Tester of selected replacement. Assigned Developer of Chef Habitat for Linux systems. Mumivest Financial Group (10-20 HRS PER WEEK) Jun 2007 – Aug 1 2008 Systems Network Analyst/Architect – MuniVest Financial Group, Southfield, MI Performs Systems Administration (Windows XP and 2003 servers systems) duties consisting one main server, ten desktop, and a host of routers, network drives, and switches. Installs new hardware and software when required. Provided Unix/Linux shell/perl scripting and active direc- tory/LDAP support. Troubleshoots situation insuring office reliability. Perform network, hardware, and software assessment when required. Designed new network system for improved perfor- mance. Develops scripts for automation purposes. Develops IT operational procedures. Perform security assessment of systems and network. Insures backups are performed. Establish IT poli- cies and procedures. Developer of the Munivest Information Trouble Ticket System (MITTS) Provides research and recommendations to management on new products, material, and pro- cedures. Presently assigned as Application System Designer on SalesForce system for compa- ny.
SMARTWORKFORCE, TROY, MI (40 HRS PER WEEK) JUN 2006 – APR 2007 Systems Security Specialist – T-Systems, Auburn Hills, MI Subcontracted to T-Systems providing security support using several tools to perform auditing, real time monitoring, and logging procedures of the Volkswagen, Audi, and other client networks as required. These include the following tools/applications:
* Blue Coat (proxies) * Scanning tools (NMap, Tripwire, Nessus, KBScan, MS039, MS051 etc)
* McAfee firewall systems * CheckPoint firewall requirements
* MySQL * Unix and Perl scripting
* File Maker Pro * Unix Administrations Procedures
* Websense Administration * Cisco Pix firewall research
* Toad (Oracle) * Ultra Edit
* BB Edit
…Continued…
WILLIAM SOMMERVILLE
PAGE 4
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE CONTINUED
Systems/Platforms:
Member of a team environment producing reports from scan results of system behaviors, rouge systems online and vulnerabilities. Analyzes and develops briefing reports for management of scan results prompting additional procedures or policy modifications as required. Enforces monthly and quarterly audits of login accounts for accountability. Coordinated with network per- sonnel regarding Ethernet, token ring, routing, and hardware issues. Coordinated with Adminis- tration personnel on RSA token keys for remote access. Modified proxies filters (Websense & Blue Coat) for company’s self motoring policies. Creates secure file transfer (SFTP) accounts for customer in order to transfer sensitive information. Develops Perl and UNIX scripts in order to automate and streamline procedures. Troubleshoot server and network issues. Perform cus- tomer liaison assistance for security tools. Advises management on violations, vulnerabilities, change control procedures and project plan status as required. Technosoft, Southfield, MI. (40 HRS PER WEEK) Jan 2005 to Jun 2006 Systems Network/Software Analyst – Detroit Edison Energy (DTE Energy), Detroit, MI Subcontracted to DTE Energy providing support of several tool applications within the Software Engineering Tools Support (SETS) for the Software Engineering Material System (SEMS) de- partment within the company. Provide documentations on the operations, upgrading, backup, and recovery of these tools that are maintained on several systems through the company’s net- work. These tools are used company wide and are the following:
* Eroom (SQL Server)
* Livelink(Oracle)
* SourceForge(Oracle)
* Intellij
* ClearQuest
* Toad (Oracle)
* RTS (Request Tracking System/Oracle) Windows Server
* IIS(WINDOWS 2003 Server)
* Mercury Quality Center (Winrunner/LoadRunner/Quick Test Pro) (Oracle) Sun/Unix System
* Mercury Quick Test Pro (IBM AIX)/Sun/Unix System
* RT tracking system * Secure File Transfer System
* Kwiki web documentation system * Additional tools as required
* Sun/Unix * Linux
* HP/Unix * Mac
* Windows
WILLIAM SOMMERVILLE
PAGE 5
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE CONTINUED
* TNS Names Modification (Oracle)
* Network operations
* DB2 administration
* Additional tools as required
These tools as on the following systems:
* Sun
* HP
* Linux
* IBM AIX
* Windows 2000/2003/XP server
Key Achievements:
Developed, tested, and documented installation and operations procedures for an Eroom plug-in. Procedure saved the company approx $75,000 plus in upgrade costs
Created DB transfer procedure between Microsoft Access and FileMaker Pro
Developed a scheduled IIS automated re-starter for the application ClearQuest
Developed documentation server for team operational support
Developed the Standard Information Tools System (SITS/MAC/Unix System) for track- ing Tables Names Systems (TNS) Oracle database search files Provide customer support administration duties in support of these tools on a daily bases. Trou- bleshoots and document corrective procedures. Develops Unix scripts (in the C, Korn, Bash shells) plus produced the documentation to automate procedures when required. Worked with the change management team on policies and procedures. Assisted software Peregrine pro- grammers on new requirements requested by the Port Folio Leads. Coordinates with LAN per- sonnel on troubleshooting issues involving systems and server operations. Coordinates with security department on WAN and VPN procedures and operations Special Project Analyst pro- viding information and guidance towards company’s goal. Provide staff input on major migra- tions or modifications. Pager system member providing after hours support. Performed backups as required. Webmaster of the SETS web site.
Teksystems, Pontiac, MI. (40 HRS PER WEEK) Mar 2004 to Dec 2004 Systems Security Administrator/Analyst - General Motors Corporation, Warren, MI Insures latest policy modifications are complete and documented (Lotus Notes database system) for review in support of other departments operations. Manages Statement of Works
…Continued…
WILLIAM SOMMERVILLE
PAGE 6
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE CONTINUED
(SOW’s) insuring proper documentation and deliverables from vendors are completed in a timely manner. Coordinates with team in developing response measures for intrusion/violation challenges. Assist team in managing The Deviation System (DS) insuring security measures are followed in accordance to company policy. Investigates new security tools for department operations. Developed database applications (Access, MySQL) and queries for customer support. Assigned WebMaster for all department Web site, pages, and applications. In July 2004 was transferred to the Renaissance CTR in support of research with regards to security on Web and Portal operations. In this position performed research on portal operations at a high level. Research pros/cons of federated systems for different organizations. Investigated bank operations of federated systems. Researched other organizations (Ford, DCX, Visteon, etc) of their portal operations and procedures. Gathered information incorporating in spreadsheet and Powerpoint format for presentation to upper management and stakeholders. Provided recommendation based upon the information presented. COLLEX COLLISION, Clinton Township, MI (40 HRS PER WEEK) Nov 2003 – Feb 2004 Systems Security Administrator
Retained on contractual basis to establish and implement all security processes and procedures at corporate headquarters and 9 remote facilities. Conducted extensive analysis of network equipment and physical/technological security solutions, recommending and overseeing pro- curement of new systems. Installed and configured the Barracuda Spam filter system (Email address, tagged wording, subject monitoring, etc) for the company’s email network. Collaborat- ed with cross-functional teams to gather project requirements, analyze needs, and articulate solutions to business users and management. Provided troubleshooting and support to network environment and networked systems.
Key Achievements:
Provided ongoing customer support in mixed-platform environment, promptly identifying, isolating, and resolving network, system, and software issues.
Worked with upper management on identification and development of new applications, equipment, and procedures aimed at improving productivity, reducing costs, and increas- ing bottom-line operational efficiencies.
COMPUTER CONSULTANTS OF AMERICA, INC., Southfield, MI Jan 2003 to Apr 2003 Global Security Sr. Software Specialist – DaimlerChrysler AG (DCX) (2003)
(40 HRS PER WEEK)
Provided full lifecycle project management throughout implementation of Border Gateway Net- work, leading teams through all phases, from requirements analysis and schedule establish- ment to testing, deployment, and support. Worked closely with testing team to gather informa- tion from Supervisory Control Data Acquisition used in research efforts. Managed security of Siteminder, Oblix, LDAP, and additional networked systems. Key Achievements:
Developed Standard Information Technical System, creating logging application enabling user-based monitoring of technical status and progress reports, based in Visual Basic, C++ for search engine functionality, and Perl-based reporting. WILLIAM SOMMERVILLE
PAGE 7
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE CONTINUED
Participated in configuration and implementation of Nokia/Checkpoint firewalls in both test and production environments, creating highly stable and secure environments. Security Application Specialist– DaimlerChrysler AG (DCX) Aug 2001 to Sep 2002
(40 HRS PER WEEK)
Ensured reliability, stability, and security of SiteMinder/Oblix environments, establishing and im- plemented all system and security policies. Collaborated with Web development team to coordinate and implement Web security solutions. Prepared and delivered training for Site- Minder troubleshooting at Levels I/II/III. Diligently researched security issues on network, appli- cation, and staff levels.
Key Achievements:
Spearheaded identification and implementation of Siteminder procedures ensuring accu- rate configurations of agents, policies, rules, realms, responses, and tracking.
Orchestrated implementation of new applications on DCX systems, ensuring seamless deployment and upgrade initiatives.
Netegrity, Waltham, MA (40 hrs per week) Jan 2001 – Jul 2001 Field Systems Engineer
Provided ongoing troubleshooting and support of SiteMinder Web security systems for cus- tomers throughout eastern US and northeast Canada region. Performed installation, configura- tion, and operational training for new customers using SiteMinder. Administered and supported systems in mixed-platform (Windows, UNIX, Linux, Novell, IBM) environments. Supported mod- ification and customization activities, ensuring close alignment with customer requirements and standards.
Key Achievements:
Participated on development team during troubleshooting phases of C, C++, and Java application development efforts, providing performance and reliability monitoring as well as extensive troubleshooting and debugging.
Established Samba server between disparate systems, enabling comprehensive report- ing of After Action/Weekly Status data to management. Easi Engineering, Warren, MI (40 HRS PER WEEK) June 2000 – Dec 2000 Systems Engineer Subcontracted to The Ford Motor Company
…Continued…
WILLIAM SOMMERVILLE
PAGE 8
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE CONTINUED
Responsible for several projects in support of customer/vendors. Assisted the team in support of vehicle engine (POWWER SYSTEM) and structural (MANTIS SYSTEMS) data processing for several engineering departments, supported new customers in acquiring proper data transfer standards, assisted the team with testing of new applications for final production, and assisted in maintaining department WebPages on POWWER and MANTIS. Developed application tools for customer support, produced documentation for production and archiving, performed system administration functions (backups, SQL functions, tables adjusting, indexing etc.) on Oracle databases for POWWER and MAINTIS operations, and performed research in support of new products to assist the team. The systems environment consisted of SUN Solaris, HP UNIX, and Windows NT. The project was on an email security system using PGP (Pretty Good Privacy) software for development for vendors. The system gave the department the ability to send and receive attached encrypted files as a secure method for communication statistical information. GLOBALCROSSING, Southfield, MI (40 HRS PER WEEK) July 1996 – Apr 2000 Systems Operations Supervisor / Programming Engineer / Software Product Engineer Supervised 6-member team in providing 24x7 call processing, billing information, and support services for nationwide client base. Ensured accurate retrieval and processing of billing files from over 20 nationwide switch sites, representing over $30 million per month. Oversaw trou- bleshooting and support of servers and systems, while leading analysis and development of numerous client/server and Web applications. Established backup procedures to ensure data integrity. Drove development and implementation of database-driven systems to automate 24x7 procedures, significantly streamlining operations. U.S. ARMY, Software/Network Engineer/Transportation Manager May 1976 – Jun 1996 Worked with TCACCS and other government transportation Government Bill of Lading (GBL) documentation transport computer systems. Coordinated the movement of personal and equip- ment on a global level in many countries per all modes (Air, Trucking, Rail, Water shipment). Was the liaison to the requirement of movement for large military exercises (personal / equip- ment) when required.
EDUCATION / TRAINING
Associates of Applied Science in Computer Information Systems, Henry Ford Community Col- lege, May 2004 GPA 3.40
Bachelor of Science Degree Information Technology Capella University, August 2006, GPA 3.58. Attended the Cisco Certification Network Administration course at Henry Ford Community Col- lege.
Additional Professional Training
UNIX Operations
UNIX Shell Programming
Enlighten Leadership
WILLIAM SOMMERVILLE
PAGE 9
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE CONTINUED
Military Programming/Network Training
Certification in Information Security Management and Enterprise Level Security For more information, please note the following link. http://96.92.63.243/williamsommerville.com/work_evals.htm When you have time, please visit my official web site at http://www.billsommerville.com
…Continued…
Contact this candidate