Bassam Ghassan Qarib
UAE – Abu Dhabi
Cell phone: +971-*********
E-mail: ad2dkx@r.postjobfree.com
Objective:
To obtain a challenging position within a progressive firm that will allow me to take a part in developing my community also to enhance my skills and to develop and improve myself in parallel with achieving the goals of the company.
Education and Certifications:
University
2005 – 2010 Bachelor in IT - Computer Science, Najah University, Palestine.
Certifications
2009: Cisco-CCNA
2015: Nutanix Platform Professional on NOS 4 (NPP4). 2015: Skybox Technical Sales Professional (STSP).
2015: Sophos Fundamentals - Certified Engineer.
2015: Aerohive Technical Sales Associate (ATSA).
2015: VEEAM Technical Sales Professional (VMTSP).
2016: Nutanix Platform Sales Engineer Certification (NPSE). 2016: Brocade Certified Network Engineer (BCNE-200). 2017: VMware Technical Solutions Professional (VTSP). 2018: MCSA (Self-study).
2018: MCSE (Self-study).
2019: Cohesity Data Management Professional.
2020: Ruckus Certified Network Engineer.
2021: Cisco CCNP (Self-study)
2023: Nutanix Advanced Administration and Performance Management (AAPM) 2023: Nutanix Sizing Associate
2023: Nutanix Enterprise Cloud Administration (ECA) 2023: Fortinet NSE1 Information Security Awareness. 2023: Fortinet NSE2 The Evolution of Cybersecurity. 2023: Fortinet NSE3 Network Security Associate.
2023: Cohesity Data Cloud Technical Sales Associate Accreditation Experience
- Feb.2015 – Present System Engineer at Flex Smart Systems Integrator (for Data Center and infrastructure solutions)
Responsibilities:
Daily management and maintenance tasks for infrastructure datacenter environment
(Storage, System, Virtualization, Network and OS).
Monitor network traffic and related systems performance.
Troubleshoot, resolve, update and maintain all documentation of network and server systems.
Maintain disaster recovery procedures for datacenter servers and network systems.
Maintain a highly secure infrastructure, protecting sensitive corporate data from internal and external threats.
Respond to requests for assistance or information in a timely and professional manner.
Provide support on projects and tasks to ensure successful completion.
Participate in on-call support rotation.
Have a very good knowledge routing concepts, IP/ARP/MAC/Spanning-tree issues and configurations, troubleshooting VLAN or physical connectivity for servers and other devices, troubleshooting NAT, VPN, VoIP, Wireless AP and Wireless LAN controllers and load balancers.
Maintain and troubleshoot FTP, HTTP, SSL, DNS and SMTP mail flow.
Understands potential impacts to processes and systems across organization and factors these into solutions. Excellent conceptualization, analytical, logic, and documentation skills.
Preparing technical write-ups including solution architecture, BoQ and RFP.
Rack mount, cabling, and labeling new devices installations in the Datacenter.
Good knowledge in Exchange, AD and SCCM.
Good knowledge in cloud and virtual environments.
- IT Solutions working with
Servers (Nutanix, Compuverde, HP, Dell and blade servers).
Network (Cisco, Extreme Networks, Ruckus, HP, Juniper, Huawei, Aruba and Aerohive).
Backups (Veeam, Rubric, Cohesity, Veritas, and Commvault).
Security Endpoints and firewall (Cisco, Sophos, Stormshield).
- Sep.2013 – Jan.2015 System Support and Datacenter Administrator at Reach (Paltel Group)
Create and Manage users.
L1 support for the network and systems.
Manage Change Requests and communications with vendors.
Testing new added functionalities for the systems.
Upgrade systems.
Train end users and knowledge transfer.
Monitoring systems.
Jan.2013 – Sep.2013 System Development at Reach (Paltel Group)
Development languages C# - VB - ASP.NET
Data Base: MS-Access, Oracle and SQL
Good knowledge on IVR and work on the (CISCO ICM Scripting and Routing Media)
Reporting design and optimize DB query (sql, pl\sql, and oracel) Team Lead experience
Work in a call center environment and apply the leadership, decision making, and people management skills I have developed with the three years’ worth of experience as a Team Lead/Assistant Manager. Highly motivated and self-starter individual seeking a position that will enhance my experience and allow me to utilize my excellent interpersonal skills. Key Skills
High ability to work under pressure.
Good communication skills.
Ability to work within a team.
Leadership skills and responsibility.
Fast learner.
Languages:
Arabic - Fluent
English - Fluent
Personal Details:
Date of Birth: 15th December 1984
Marital Status: Single
Gender: Male
Address: UAE - Abu Dhabi
Contact this candidate