Kevin B. Wood
ad2dq0@r.postjobfree.com
850-***-****
https://www.linkedin.com/in/kevinbwood/
References available on request

Summary
Kevin Wood is a Senior IT professional with extensive experience in Project and Program Management, solutions architecture, foreseeing and designing multiple business aspects (functional and non-functional) of a business solution from both strategic and transactional perspectives. His experience includes decades of complex technology projects from design through implementation. Kevin has worked in large, multi-site environments with tens of thousands of users.
Kevin is experienced in leading and managing teams across technical domains, different countries and cultures and technical and non-technical stakeholders.
Writing (previously published)
http://www.koalacomputers.com/attitude.htm
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/hippos-ocd-monsters-kevin-wood
Certifications past and present

MCITP: Enterprise Messaging Administrator
MCSE + Messaging
MCSE + Security
Microsoft Certified Database Administrator
Cisco Certified Network Administrator
A+
Security+
IAT II
Project+
Novell Certified Network Administrator
Symantec Technical Specialist (Enterprise Vault), Symantec Sales Expert + (SSE+)
Symantec Expert - Archiving
Education

M.S., Management, Troy State University, Fort Benning, Georgia, 1989
B.S., Foreign Area Studies, United States Military Academy, West Point, New York, 1981
Technical Highlights
Management/ Leadership

Product Management, Project Management, Systems Architect, Project Analysis, Training Development, Implementation, Documentation, JIRA, SDLC, Federal Enterprise Architecture Framework (FEAF)
Big Data/ Analytics
Data Engineer, Data Extract, Translate and Load (ETL), Data Governance, Spark, Hadoop, Alteryx, Impala, Tableau, Descriptive, Diagnostic and Predictive Analytics
Soft Skills
Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe), SCRUM, Kanban, Waterfall, Documentation, Analysis, Test development, Mentoring, Virtual Teams
Operating Systems
Microsoft Windows Server 2022/2019/2016/2012/2008 and earlier
Microsoft Windows 11 Professional (and earlier)
Novell NetWare
Linux (RedHat, Ubuntu)
System Components
Microsoft Windows Active Directory, GPOs
Systems
Symantec Enterprise Vault 7-12
Discovery Accelerator, Compliance Accelerator. eDiscovery
Microsoft Exchange 2000-2016, O365
SQL Server 6.5-2022, SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Reporting Service (SSRS)
Cassandra, Couchbase, MongoDB, PostgreSQL, MySQL
System Center Operations manager (SCOM) 2007-2012
System Center Configuration Manager/ Microsoft Endpoint Configuration Manager 2007-2016

Networks and Hardware
Routers, switches, PIX firewalls, remote access, LAN, WAN, SAN, Wireshark, Dell, Lenovo, Centera, EMC
Scripting/Programming Languages
Visual Basic, VB Scripting, PowerShell, Python
Virtualization
Cloud
ESXI, VMWare, PaaS, SaaS, IaaS

AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, Private Cloud

Experience
A more detailed listing of experience at http://www.koalacomputers.com/woody.htm
Data Engineer on contract to PricewaterhouseCoopers from TechGlobe from September 2022
Database lead for Analytics as a Service for PricewaterhouseCoopers
As data analyst, provided database expertise and insights to development team members. Performed Data cleansing. Determined business and use cases on data for presentation to executives.
Developed proof of concept for machine learning
Performed ETL for clients. Developed Tableau and PowerBI dashboards.
Optimized Azure and AWS databases, Developed specialized views.
Documented steps for optimized tables, index creation,
Participated in Agile Ceremonies. Trained team on JIRA and Teams in Agile methods. Tracked tasks for daily SCRUM
Professional Development from April 2022 to September 2022
AWS
PowerShell
Python
Agile/SCRUM
Product Management for Deutsche Bank from October 2020 to April 2022
Product Manager as part of the End User team with over 800 servers supporting over 150,000 end user devices globally
As Enterprise Architect, responsible for business level through enterprise level architecture
Using AGILE methodology, lead the reliability and engineering teams though the development, implementation, and support of global endpoint management infrastructure including technology upgrades and migrations of over 800 servers globally for a major financial services organization.
Facilitated and coordinated communication to gather client requirements to ensure that proposed solutions were fit for purpose.
Coordinated internal and external resources, including Consultants, other Product Managers, engineers, operations, and Product Testing to facilitate configuration, implementation, documentation, and report development as required.
Managed products including Symantec Endpoint Protection, Microsoft Endpoint Configuration Manager (MECM), SysTrack, Avecto, and an in-house version of MECM used to deploy, manage, and monitor both desktop and server operating systems for over 150,000 systems deployed globally.
Governance activities included risk management, disaster recovery, business continuity, budget and time tracking, and information management
Manage the server and application lifecycle (over 800) of applications and hardware, including budgeting.
Responsible for recurring risk analyses and compliance with various regional and national regulations concerning data protection.
Coordinated efforts between Server and teams and Desktop installing and patching for over 800 servers supporting over 150,000 virtual and physical desktops globally.
Establish priority of efforts and timelines for multiple simultaneous projects involving Packaging, Testing, Engineering and Operations teams.
Senior Compliance Architect for Credit Suisse from January 2015 to October 2020, Assistant VP
Established priority of efforts and timelines for multiple simultaneous projects involving Packaging, Testing, Engineering and Operations teams.
As Enterprise Architect, responsible for business level through enterprise level architecture
Coordinated engineering and operations for a multi-national financial services organization with data centers in five regions. Daily operations journaled over seventy messaging streams containing up to sixteen million messages.
Product Manager and Senior Architect responsible for Archiving and eDiscovery platforms globally.
Facilitated the definition of a compliance strategy to meet current and evolving regulatory and eDiscovery demands. Advised on technology and methodology/processes to implement.
Coordinated support and engineering efforts with and support as required: Compliance Engineers in other regions. (SCOM, SCCM, OS, Exchange, Vantage, Symphony, eDiscovery, Vendors)
Led upgrade, migration, and implementation efforts of innovative technologies through project initiation, testing, architecture development, implementation, training, and support. Managed timelines.
Developed project scope. Maintained project documentation and ensured project remained within scope.
Built, monitored, and maintained Linux and Windows servers in a private cloud. Supported MongoDB, SQL Server, PostgreSQL.
Responsible for disaster recovery and business continuity
Installed, configured and used SQL Server Integration Services to perform Extract, Translate and Load of data between systems.
Developed scripts to extract relevant information from database-like systems (Active Directory, Exchange) for migration efforts. Developed security scripts to audit for unauthorized changes to environment. Performed Diagnostic Analytics
Installed and configured SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) to create reports.
Taught team members the use of SQL Server Management Studio to diagnose and optimize queries and to create SQL queries.
Developed (PowerShell and TSQL) scripts to facilitate maintenance and upgrade of SQL server. Advise DBAs on best practices on maintenance. Train other engineers.
Identified risk in projects and existing infrastructure. Performed troubleshooting and diagnostics. Developed and documented remediation steps.
Tracked multiple, ongoing projects in various stages of completion in multiple regions. Tracked implementation timelines
Advised Executives and Management and recommended technology for retention, storage, and migration to meet existing and upcoming regulatory requirements.
Coordinated global strategy on retention and upgrades across Monitoring, Storage, Operating Systems, Active Directory, Security, and vendors to meet regulatory requirements, upgrades, and patching needs.
Coordinated efforts of engineering and operations teams across five regions and multiple time zones.
As Data Engineer, optimized the export, translation, and ingestion of structured and unstructured data, advised on analytical processes, developed test procedure. Ensured the data quality met organizational standards.
Developed, tested and documented archiving, monitoring and retention solutions and processes. Presented to executive level, solutions to existing and potential issues. Documentation provided guidance and runbooks for global operations,
Worked with management to determine vision for technology. Determined organization needs and performed technical interviews. Trained engineering and operations employees as required.
Developed and monitored implementation timelines across multiple projects and regions. Maintained Kanban task board.
Wrote SQL queries to write batch files and other SQL queries.
Monitored trends and advised and trained individuals and management on compliance operations and the impact of changes in the regulatory landscape.
Managed products/components life cycle (from conception, adoption through to end of life) and maintained product/component specific roadmap
Promoted continuous improvements on assigned products/components
Provided support for legacy versions of applications (operating System, archiving and eDiscovery)
Performed testing of hardware upgrades, patches, new processes, and new hardware prior to deployment in the production environment.
Trained new ecompliance engineers.
Different messaging feeds included Bloomberg (Mail and Instant Messaging via Actiance), Exchange, Lync, Skype, Facebook, Wake, Eikon, and Symphony.
As a Senior Systems Architect with En Pointe (Now En Pointe IT) from August 2012 to January 2015
For clients, facilitated the definition of a compliance strategy to meet regulatory and eDiscovery demands. Advised on technology and methodology/processes to implement.
As Enterprise Architect, responsible for business level through enterprise level architecture
As Product Manager, interacted with delivery project managers and specialists and ensure the timely
implementation against the IT product roadmap and strategy
Managed products/components life-cycle (from conception, adoption through to end of life). Maintained product/component specific roadmap
Developed disaster recovery and business continuity processes for clients. Performed diagnostic and descriptive analytics.
Engaged with business / IT stakeholders regularly to re-assess and re-prioritize requirements along the product/component lifecycle
Promoted continuous improvements on assigned products/components.
Identified risk in projects and existing infrastructure. Performed troubleshooting and diagnostics. Developed and documented remediation steps.
Managed requirements for multiple ongoing projects in various stages of completion
Experienced in designing/administering Enterprise Vault.
Worked with clients to develop and revise document retention policies, eDiscovery designs, and procedures.
Installed, configured, and used SQL Server Integration Services to perform Extract, Translate and Load of data between systems. Ensured the data quality met organizational requirements.
Installed and configured SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) to create reports.
Taught team members the use of SQL Server Management Studio to diagnose and optimize queries and to create SQL queries.
Develop scripts to facilitate maintenance and upgrade of SQL server. Advise DBAs on best practices on maintenance. Trained other engineers.
Developed scripts to extract relevant information from database-like systems (Active Directory, Exchange) for migration efforts.
Wrote SQL queries to write batch files and other SQL queries.
Developed Exchange 2010 design and migration plans to support and automate document retention and discovery. Wrote scoping documents, infrastructure designs, as-built documents and templates, and migration plans.
Provided on-call support to assist clients in resolving infrastructure issues
Developed and delivered knowledge transfer briefings and documentation for executive level overviews on Enterprise Vault and Discovery Accelerator. Developed and delivered knowledge transfer and documentation on administrative procedures and operations of Enterprise Vault and Discovery Accelerator.
Performed pre-sales discovery and developed Statements of Work to formalize implementation requirements. Performed post-sales implementation.
Senior Systems Architect with various staffing companies for various clients from September 1992 to August 2012:
Developed and tested the failover and fail-back plan for service continuity of Exchange, SQL Server, Active Directory, Enterprise Vault
Responsible for business level through enterprise level architecture
Designed and implemented an archiving eDiscovery solution for 120,000 users in 32 Florida State Government agencies using Enterprise Vault 10 and Discovery Accelerator 10. Developed processes and procedures for the migration of data and daily operations. Installed, configured and used SQL Server Integration Services to perform Extract, Translate and Load of data between systems.
Installed and configured SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) to create reports. Performed Descriptive, Diagnostic and Predictive Analytics.
Taught team members the use of SQL Server Management Studio to diagnose and optimize queries and to create SQL queries.
Identified risk in projects and existing infrastructure. Performed troubleshooting and diagnostics. Developed and documented remediation steps.
Developed scripts to extract relevant information from database-like systems (Active Directory, Exchange) for migration efforts. Developed security scripts to audit for unauthorized changes to environment.
Wrote informational entries for corporate blog site.
Developed a private cloud implementing messaging, archiving, and eDiscovery. Solution served as a resource forest consisting of 32 account forests comprised of all Florida State agencies.
Developed migration plans to migrate over 120,000 user accounts, e-mail and archives.
Worked as a member of a team to develop integrated processes for monitoring, disaster recovery, high availability, auditing, and operations.
Scripted and performed operations for migrations and technology implementations.
Developed organizational monitoring strategies
Officer, United States Army, Infantry May 1981 – September 1992
Platoon leader in a line company, 193d Infantry Brigade, Panama
Headquarters Commander, 193d Combat Support Battalion, 193d Infantry Brigade, Panama
Assistant Division Operations Officer, United States Infantry Training Center, Fort Benning, Georgia
Company Commander, United States Infantry Training Center, Fort Benning, Georgia
Battalion Executive Officer, United States Infantry Training Center, Fort Benning, Georgia
Associate Professor of Military Science, University of Bridgeport, Connecticut
Contact this candidate