Leonilo B. Directo
King Abdulaziz Medical City
Ministry of National Guard Health Affairs
Riyadh, Saudi Arabia 11426
Mobile +966-********* ad2fch@r.postjobfree.com
Summary
Resourceful Network Engineer with 20 years of on-site network management and support services experience. Develops and implements initiatives to foster corporate objectives. Proven history of providing supplemental and total management support for IT systems. Successfully establishing and maintaining networks and servers with strong aptitude for identifying solutions to solve client challenges. Knowledgeable Fiber Optic Installation, Network diagnostic, Helpdesk Support Specialist and Hardware Software diagnostics and diagnostic bringing over 20 years’ experience in helpdesk support, network administration and device support. Competent in using technical skills and root cause analysis techniques to resolve failures and maintain user productivity. Desire for long-term position with room for career advancement. Hardworking employee with customer service, multitasking and time management abilities. Devoted to giving every customer a positive and memorable experience.
Skills
• Structure Cabling
• Fiber Optic Splicing and Diagnostic
• CCTV Troubleshooting
• Wiring Assembly
• Associate Certified Cisco Network LAN/WAN
• Technical Support
• Organizational Skills
• File Management
• Office Support
• UTP Support
Certifications and Training Attended
Fiber Optic Certification Training Course
Structured Cabling Certification Training Course
Windows Server Certification Training Course
Experience
December 2007 – Currently employed
King Abdulaziz Medical City
Ministry of National Guard Health Affairs
Riyadh, Saudi Arabia
Network Technician, Helpdesk Support Specialist and Hardware & Software Experienced Bachelor's Degree holder in Computer Engineering (BS CoE) with diverse experience in the administrative, management and technical profession. Proven interpersonal, communication and multi-tasking skills with comprehensive knowledge readily support a variety of professional undertakings. Displays dedication and determination in all endeavors with diligent attention to detail for optimal end results. April 2004 - August 2007
Saudi Oger Electric Ltd.
Riyadh, Saudi Arabia
Network Engineer/Technical & System Administrator
Was part of the team troubleshooting and maintaining Mid Frame and Workstation based Systems Part of a group assigned to do Structured Cabling installation and design using CAT6, CAT5, and Fiber Optic cables. Partly responsible for the maintenance and administration of servers used in the Head Office. I am also responsible for updating the MIS/IT Director and supervisor regarding the status of various projects with regard to Server uptime and downtime, structured cabling requirements, and server configuration details. With the use of Fiber Optic Cables, I was also trained to integrate CCTV capabilities into the existing framework and was an integral part of the design team assigned. April 2003 - February 2004
MCL Distributors Inc. Manila, Philippines
Technical Support
Daily schedules and troubleshooting reports and updates to the Senior Division Head. Selected to serve as assistant to the department head based on demonstrated work performance and dedication. Intricately involved in the company's start up and growth. Ensure the efficient day-today running of all business operations and provide confidential administrative support to the department head. Executive assistant with progressively responsible experience providing office support to senior executives. Combine excellent organizational skills with hands-on Technical knowledge, superior memory for details and a strong work ethic.
February 2002 - March 2003
Gaicon Badie Industries Inc. Manila, Philippines
Technical Support Specialist /Department Assistant Responsibility includes but not limited to the maintenance and troubleshooting of computer hardware. Solely responsible for the implementation of a more stable LAN/WAN both on the hardware side as well as cabling side. Other responsibilities were allocated to me by the Network Administrator as needed. Convinced management of the importance of technology and championed the implementation of a fully networked and automated office. Evaluated systems, negotiated terms with vendors, assisted with installation, and provided ongoing systems support. January 2000 - November 2002
Philippine Peripherals Contractors Inc. Manila, Philippines Computer Hardware and Network Technician
Self-starter with the ability to analyze business operations and recommend strategies to improve performance. Maintain professionalism at all times and use discretion when handling confidential data. Coordinated daily operations and handled office tasks such as correspondence, committee minutes, shipping, file management and database administration. Maintained computer equipment and trained staff on software and hardware. Education and Training
September 2003
AMA Computer College Paranaque Philippines
Bachelor of Science Computer Engineering
Reference Person: Vincent Andal
Contact this candidate