KEVIN MARK BONNAY
**** ********* **. ad2lxe@r.postjobfree.com
Mentor-on-the-Lake, OH 44060 440-***-****

IT MANAGER • NETWORK ENGINEER • CONSULTANT
Manufacturing, Corporate, Network Operations Centers
Project Management • Best Practices Implementation
CCENT – CCT-Routing and Switching - CCT-Datacenter - MCSE – MCSA – MCP

Accomplished Network Engineer and IT Manager offering nearly 20 years of hands-on experience. Practiced in successful network implementation in multi-million dollar manufacturing facilities and corporate and medical offices. Successful development and management of critical business information systems, telecommunication networks and peripheral components. First-rate communication skills to collaborate on all levels, while effectively directing systems, processes, operating procedures and documentation.

QUALIFICATION HIGHLIGHTS

• Project Planning and Execution Management • Large Scale Network Engineering
• Best Practices Implementation • VPN, and Direct Access Implementation
• Change Management and Analysis • Disaster Recovery Planning

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

NCR Corporation, Cleveland, OH
Network Engineer II August 2019 – Present

Serviced Cisco UCS systems in area data centers, replaced parts, configured systems
Worked with network group to add PNC core units to business domain
First-Line Maintenance servicing ATMs for Financial customers, including Huntington, Chase, PNC, and Fifth Third banks.
Was responsible for significant financial assets as part of my day to day work.

Cleveland Clinic Foundation (IBM Contract), Cleveland, OH
Project Manager October 2017–June 2019
Did remote troubleshooting on local routers and switches. Used WireShark to locate bottlenecks. Configured firewall to allow data from specific applications access.
Main IT contact at Lyndhurst TRW facility. Implement Hyland On-Base Software for Supply Chain team, Installed and administered MS SQL-related applications for Business Intelligence unit.
Serviced upper-level management in the building, including Dr. Toby Cosgrove, CEO Emeritus, and Dr. Michael Roizen
Maintained various wired and wireless access for users and vendors. Worked with vendors to complete contract work as needed.
Completed Cisco CCENT training on my own time and at my own expense.

AP Plasman Corp., Cleveland, OH
IT Technical Analyst June 2015–September 2017
Acted as network manager on-site, for 200 employee manufacturer, with support from corporate team in Windsor, ON. Implemented Office 365, and transferred from old domain and old Exchange server. Moved entire company to new physical network and domain. Installed and administered VMWare 5.5 VCenter on local server.
Implemented new Cisco ASA switches for connectivity to main corporate office, and administered Cisco AnyConnect VPN.
Did move of physical server and mapped drives from local domain, to corporate domain and server cluster location offsite.
Worked with consultants to implement custom software for manufacturing, including troubleshooting issues on the SQL-based application.

Mid-West Forge, Cleveland, OH
Network Engineer/IT Manager Associate May 2012–April 2015
Network Engineer for large 200+ employee manufacturer. Implemented Office 365 upgrade. Responsible for implementing server image backup system using Acronis software. Researched, recommended and installed new wideband Internet service.
Researched and implemented move of Domain Controller and Global Catalog server designations from Windows Server 2008 server, which had also acted as file server, to a new server designed for that purpose, resulting in better network performance.
Recommended and executed installation of gigabit switches for main office network.
Implemented 55MB/15MB wideband cable, isolated DSL connection for backup connectivity and vendor wireless.
Installed and configured Microsoft's new Direct Access VPN alternative, for seamless outside-the-network access for our small offsite accounting office.

Biz-Edge, Cleveland, OH
Network Engineer 2009-2011
Remote and field service IT network troubleshooting for businesses (medical, corporate, small company and home office). Server administration and troubleshooting of mail issues, workstation installs, data backups, virus removal and system repair.

Microsoft Corp., (Contract, Excell Data Company), Redmond, WA
IT Lab Manager 2007
Monitored and maintained 140 SQL and IIS servers for dev/test environment. Developed and updated inventory, performed Microsoft updates. Supervised physical & virtual movement of 140 servers from one environment to another.

CERTIFICATIONS
CCENT, CCT-Routing and Switching, MCSE, MCSA, MCP

EDUCATION
The Ohio State University, Columbus, Ohio
B.A. Journalism, Minor Political Science
Contact this candidate