SAIDU ATOM ZION
Dallas Fort Worth, Texas ~ 682-***-**** ~ ad2nz9@r.postjobfree.com
Summary
I am an I.T Professional with a background in technology and aviation.
4+ years of experience providing administration and technical support for various computer systems and cloud infrastructure.
Engagement with technical, non-technical vendors and support personnel. Experienced with configuring and performing remote troubleshooting to end users by using hardware, software and network problem diagnosis and resolution to include recording such problems and their resolutions in logs as well as user documentation.
A goal driven and hardworking team player with experience in applying good communication skills, detail orientation, analytical and technical skills to meet and exceed client expectations.
I am a fast learner, with a strong desire to constantly improve professionally and innovate myself.

Certification
AWS: Cloud Practitioner – In Progress
Microsoft: Azure Network Engineer Associate (AZ-700)
Microsoft: Azure Devops Engineer Expert (AZ-400)
Microsoft: Azure Administrator Associate (AZ-104)
Microsoft: Azure Fundamentals (AZ-900)
Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA).

Education
Airline Pilot Training Program, Delta Quali-flight Aviation Academy. 2018
Unmanned Aircraft systems (FAA Part 107) 2017
Bachelor of Science: Electrical and Electronics Engineering, Covenant University 2014

Technical Skills
Operating System: Windows, Linux, Mac.
Cloud Technologies: Microsoft Azure.
Data Analysis: Tableau, SQL, Microsoft Power BI, Pivot Table, MS Excel, Jira.
Technologies: Azure Devops, GitHub, Azure Repo, Operating System, Data Visualization, Networking, TCP/IP, Azure, VPN, Load Balancer, Application Gateway, Traffic Manager, Active Directory, Azure Governance, IAM, AKS, SAML SSO, Log Analytics, IT controls and security, CI/CD Pipelines, Active Directory, Routing, Azure Virtual Desktop, DNS, WAF, Azure Firewall.
Scripting Languages: SQL, Kusto Query, PowerShell, Azure ARM Templates, Terraform, JSON, Windows CLI.
Software Applications: Microsoft Office365, Putty, Outlook Exchange, VMware Fusion, Wireshark, MS Visual Studio, Wire Shark.
Others: Agile Scrum, Administration, Troubleshooting, Technical Support, Project and Application Management, Documentation, Storage, Cloud Migration, Training, Virtualization, RDP
Employment History

Microsoft Nov 2021 – Present
Support Engineer - Azure Rapid Response-Networking
Working with the Azure Rapid Response team as a support Engineer, providing premium support to Microsoft’s top global multi-billion-dollar customers. Handling and prioritizing cases of all severity levels including critical situations with 15 minutes SLA time.
Working directly with premier client’s engineering team and management to resolve issues by collecting relevant facts, investigating problems using ASC, checking logs/actions in Jarvis and other troubleshooting tools.
Providing advance level support for azure core network technologies including load balancer, private endpoint, private link services, DNS, traffic manager, application gateway, WAF, VPN, network security groups, azure firewall, express route and azure virtual network.
Driving calls during remote troubleshooting sessions on various client issues ranging from basic feature support to large-scale production environment issues as well as providing guidelines for the configurations needed on client network infrastructures.
Constantly reproducing customers environment in labs to get a better insight to issues being faced by azure customers while driving assigned cases towards resolution.
Trained and acquired knowledge of Microsoft internal tools to provide extensive support, resolve technical issues, guide clients on best practices and provide root cause analysis.
Maintaining a proactive approach to customer happiness, setting correct customer expectation and delivery for better customer satisfaction and overall support experience.
Work in close relations with several Azure cloud roles that are not limited to Technical Account Managers, Premier Field Engineers, Program Managers, Consultant, Cloud Solution Architects, Technology Solutions Professionals, Customer success Managers to resolve customers issues quickly and effectively.
Ensuring SLA is met for every case assigned and providing quality first contact for better customer engagement to minimize frustration.

Avenger Flight Group Jul 18 – Oct 21
Azure Administrator - Support Engineer
Regular review of VM SKU’s and purchase of reservations for virtual machines and SQL managed Instances resulting in over $100,000 annual savings in cloud infrastructure costs.
Planning and implementing company azure network architecture such as creating and managing resources group, virtual networks, subnets, load balancer, application gateway, route tables and network security group, storage and more.
Responsible for providing support to internal company users and external customers by picking cases assigned to queue and escalation according to severity level ensuring quick turnaround.
Providing support for daily activities for Azure Infrastructure including log monitoring, utilization reports and acting on Advisor recommendations.
Management and configuration of applications gateways including renewal of SSL certs to ensure security and availability for all web applications.
Configuration of WAF policy and reviewing logs to enhance security of applications.
Configuration of SAML SSO integration with Azure AD.
Management of azure identity, conditional access policies, RBAC and governance for system users and applications in the cloud environment.
Migration experience from On Premise to Azure cloud using Azure site recovery.
Led the migration of 50 On premise file servers to azure storage account file shares.
Configure Recovery Service Vaults for managing Cloud Backups and Site Recovery
Provisioning of infrastructure such as app service, azure Kubernetes service and integration in CI/CD pipeline for automated continuous deployment of code for the web team.
Working with the development team on configuration of web application and deployment of new releases into testing and production using azure devops CI/CD pipelines.
Managing Identity, permissions and access to azure Devops organization and projects.
Configuration of data protection and back up policy for the company’s infrastructure within Azure environment for disaster recovery purposes.
Implementing monitoring and alerting for subscription, resource groups, virtual network and all other services within the cloud environment for better cost management and faster response time to performance issues.
Assisting product owners with scrum tasks like migrating work items, user stories to new projects and deploying needed infrastructure for their respective teams.
Providing onsite support for CAE engineers during simulator installation and qualifications including software load version upgrades, system integration and continuous testing on new release cycles.
Creation and maintaining documentation of discrepancy tickets and solution using in house flex systems which is useful to technicians and site support.

Delta Quali-Flight Aviation Academy Jan 15 – Mar 18
Full Time Student
After obtaining my bachelor’s degree in electrical and Electronics Engineering in 2014, I was enrolled in a full time Airline Pilot Training program in which I obtained my Private pilot License, Instrument Rating, Commercial Single Engine and Multi Engine licenses.
I then obtained an unmanned aircraft system license and certified flight instructor license.

Exxon Mobil (Upstream) Jan 13 – Aug 13
Intern Project Management
Participation in projects lifecycle from start to finish and monitoring of key project performance target metrics including time, cost, risk, scope and benefits.
Working with Senior management in developing new training methods, recommended operational improvements and management strategies to improve overall efficiency of solutions and customer relationship management to manage stakeholder expectations.
Performing Solicitation and Documentation of business requirements.

Omatek Computers Limited July 12 – Dec 12
I.T Intern
Troubleshooting of connectivity and performance issues related to networks and user access.
Performed Quality testing of computers from assembly line.
Initiation and completion of network setup and router configuration for customers.
Responsible for Escalation and Ticket management to ensure timely resolution and deployment of resources.
Handling of P.C Backups, imaging, and installation of Windows OS.
Contact this candidate