MUSTAPHA FUSEINI
ad2oah@r.postjobfree.com 978-***-**** Leominster, MA 01453
Summary
Professional Certified Network Engineer, Security +, Cyber Security Engineer with a track record of delivering quality results for over 10 years in LAN, WAN, WLAN, Firewall, Storage and Virtualization. Effectively communicates technological vision and expertise for cross-functional teams and successfully handles assignments utilizing solid business judgment, excellent people skills and superior writing skills.
Technical Skills
LAN/WAN, VPN, WLAN, VLAN, TCP/IP
DHCP/DNS Ethernet and Firewall proficient
Switching protocols, BGP, IPSec
Network configuration
Data backups
Security platforms
Network debugging
Troubleshooting
Firewalls and endpoint security
Professional Tools
Ticketing/Application - ConnectWise, Office 365, ElevenOS, Opera
Firewalls - WatchGuard, SonicWall, Soekris
Security platforms - SIEM-Splunk, Wireshark, NMAP, Nessus, Pfsense
Network Monitoring – PRTG, Ruckus Zone Director, Virtual Smart Zone
Equipment – Nomadix, Mikrotik, HP MSM, Meraki, Ruckus, Cisco, HP, Aruba
PBX – Mitel, Avaya, Astra
Remote Tools – Zinc, Teamviewer, AnyDesk, RDC
Experience
Blueport Wireless Walpole, MA
Senior NOC Engineer
06/2023 - Current
Configuring and installing various network devices for MDUs and Hospitalities (e.g. Cisco, HP, Aruba Switches, firewalls, load balancers, VPN, QoS)
Network maintenance and system upgrades including service packs, patches, hot fixes and security configurations
Monitoring performance and ensure system availability and reliability
Monitoring system resource utilization, trending, and capacity
Providing layer 3 support and troubleshooting to resolve issues
Implementing security tools, policies and procedures
Liaising with vendors and other IT personnel for problem resolution.

Teknor Apex Leominster, MA
Technical Support Engineer
03/2022 – 06/2023

Supportwave Remote
Network Engineer
07/2021 – 03/2022
Operating computerized automated robotic machinery for production.
Providing layer 1 support for staffs and training individuals through basic troubleshooting tasks.
Explaining technology-related details in easy-to-understand terms to individuals from different backgrounds and in various job positions.
Documenting repair processes and helped streamline procedures for future technical support actions.

Configured routers, switches, firewalls and other hardware to deploy and manage LAN, WAN and wireless networks.
Monitored system performance to promote network speed, availability and reliability.
Designed and implemented enterprise IP networking infrastructure according to clients' parameters.
Configuration and implementation of LAN (IP Scheme, DHCP, VLAN, STP).
Movenpick Hotel Accra, Ghana
IT Manager/Senior System Engineer
01/2014 - 06/2020
Configured routers, switches, firewalls and other hardware to deploy and manage LAN, WAN and wireless networks.
I successfully migrated Astra analog PBX to Avaya digital PABX within stipulated period of two months, instead of a projected six-month completion period in Mövenpick Hotel's project history.
Implemented, tested, validated and maintained networking services according to solution designs.
Investigated security breaches and implemented solutions to minimize risk of reoccurrence.
Evaluated existing networks and systems for potential weaknesses to support intrusion prevention measures.
Performed disaster recovery tasks and data backups to mitigate damages.
Corrected network faults and malfunctions to restore connectivity to individual users and entire facilities.
Monitored system performance to promote network speed, availability and reliability.
Held primary responsibility for availability and reliability of network infrastructure.
Designed and implemented enterprise IP networking infrastructure according to clients' parameters.
Replaced faulty or damaged network hardware components to improve performance.
Provided smooth communications by configuring LAN technology, wireless access points and controllers.
Educated and trained personnel on new technologies.
Talent Microfinance Services Accra, Ghana
Assistant IT Manager/System Engineer
10/2012 - 01/2014
Met with users, vendors and technicians to determine computing requirements.
Controlled operational IT budget and expenditures within department parameters.
Created and implemented Active Directory group policy settings to manage workstations.
Analyzed system risk to identify and implement appropriate security countermeasures.
Updated virus protection systems based on computer virus reports.
Designed and implemented plans to secure computer files against breach, destruction or accidental modification.
Monitored server event logs to identify and resolve performance and security issues.
Investigated information security breaches to identify vulnerabilities and evaluate damage.
The Law Institute Accra, Ghana
IT Technician
10/2010 - 06/2011
Explained technology-related details in easy-to-understand terms to individuals from different backgrounds and in various job positions.
Responded to or escalated tickets based on severity and internal policies governing responses.
Documented repair processes and helped streamline procedures for future technical support actions.
Disassembled computer systems to troubleshoot and resolve hardware issues.
Sharpnet Ghana Limited Accra, Ghana
System Administrator
05/2007 - 09/2010
Set up user accounts, permissions and passwords and defined network policies and procedures.
Orchestrated and oversaw upgrades to system hardware and software.
Communicated clearly, articulately and patiently with customers requiring support.
Designed and conducted hardware or software systems testing.
Verified stability, security and scalability of system architecture.
Key Achievements
March 3rd 2018, I took on the challenge to embark on Tech.Think.Connect awareness campaign project to help bridge the digital division in Ghana by promoting technology at the community level and also, raise awareness among Ghanaians about cyber security to empower them to be safe online.
I had the opportunity to handle hybrid video conferencing events for renowned institutions like Bloomberg, IMF, Google, ECOWAS, Mo-Ibrahim, World Bank, Commonwealth UK etc.
I implemented a mushroom network, which facilitates three ISPs integration for downtime and redundancy purposes.
I successfully migrated the company's property management system (Opera PMS v5) to cloud base (Oracle Opera Cloud v9). Also, I migrated the guest's internet services into a social media login platform.
I had the opportunity to represent Mövenpick Ambassador Hotel in world international meetings in Egypt, Turkey and Switzerland.
I organized ICT Awareness Campaign Project in Eastern Cape, South Africa.
I head the Scientific Information Department at a week national workshop during my attachment with C.S.R.P.M.
I set up a Local Area Network for Christian African Press (CAP), Talent Microfinance Services Limited, C.S.R.P.M. and other companies in Ghana and South Africa.
Occasionally I present on radio on technology and cyber security in Ghana.
I was guest speaker for ERAF program on Women Empowerment in ICT.
I am proud to be the President of Ghana Hotels IT Managers Union.
Education Certification
Slamm Technologies Virginia USA
Cyber Security I & SOC Analyst in Information Technology
03/2022
University of Ghana - MUCG Ghana
Bachelor of Science in Information Technology
06/2013
National Institute of Technology (NIIT) Ghana
Associate of Science in Information Technology
10/2010
National Institute of Technology (NIIT) Ghana
Honors Diploma in Information Technology
03/2007
Professional Certifications
Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) – 2023
Licensed CompTIA Security+ ce Certificate (CompTia S+) – 2022
Contact this candidate