Brandon Newsome
**** ****** **** **, *******, TN, 38119 * 901-***-**** * ad2snr@r.postjobfree.com

CAREER OBJECTIVE
Results-oriented professional with 18+ years of experience and a proven knowledge of networking, routing, monitoring, system configuration, and end user support as well as customer service. I’m looking to successfully fill the Network Engineer/System Admin position within your organization.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
AMAZON, Nashville, TN
IT Support Engineer I, Feb 2020 – Nov 2023
Installing, configuring and supporting network equipment including routers, servers, firewalls, switches, APs APCs, WAN, LAN, VPNs, VLANs, TCP/IP, DNS, VOIP
Troubleshooting and configuring OSPF, BGP, EIGRP and various other networking protocols
Updating IOS and firmware on network devices
Maximizing network performance through ongoing monitoring and troubleshooting
Procuring network equipment and managing subcontractors involved with network installation
Investigating faults within the network and responding to alerts to meet SLA requirements
Reporting network status to key stakeholders
Work within established configuration and change management policies to provide awareness and obtain approval for changes made to the network infrastructure
Monitoring network performance to determine when adjustments need to be made
OnCall rotation and support 24/7

FEDEX, Memphis, TN
Technical Support Specialist, Oct 2013 – Feb 2020
Provide telephone support related to networking or connectivity issues.
Document network support activities.
Evaluate local area network (LAN) or wide area network (WAN) performance data to ensure sufficient availability or speed, to identify network problems, or for disaster recovery purposes.
Identify the causes of networking problems, using diagnostic testing software and equipment.
Install new hardware or software systems or components, ensuring integration with existing network systems.
Create or update technical documentation for network installations or changes to existing installations.
Create or revise user instructions, procedures, or manuals.
Run monthly network reports.
Document help desk requests and resolutions.
Troubleshoot network or connectivity.
Install network software, including security or firewall software.
Install and configure wireless networking equipment.

AIR FORCE RESERVE, San Antonio, TX
Enlisted A1C, Feb 2013 - Aug 2013

EMPLOYMENT STAFFING DISNEY, Memphis, TN
Cast Member, Nov 2012 - Jan 2013
Confer with customers by telephone or in person to provide information about products or services, take or enter orders, cancel accounts, or obtain details of complaints.
Check to ensure that appropriate changes were made to resolve customers' problems.
Determine charges for services requested, collect deposits or payments, or arrange for billing.
Refer unresolved customer grievances to designated departments for further investigation.
Resolve customers' service or billing complaints by performing activities such as exchanging merchandise, refunding money, or adjusting bills.
Solicit sales of new or additional services or products.


SOUTHWEST TN COMMUNITY COLLEGE, Memphis, TN
Computer Lab Technician, Aug 2010 - Jun 2012
Oversee the daily performance of computer systems.
Answer user inquiries regarding computer software or hardware operation to resolve problems.
Set up equipment for employee use, performing or ensuring proper installation of cables, operating systems, or appropriate software.
Install and perform minor repairs to hardware, software, or peripheral equipment, following design or installation specifications.
Confer with staff, users, and management to establish requirements for new systems or modifications.
Maintain and administer computer networks and related computing environments including computer hardware, systems software, applications software, and all configurations.
Diagnose, troubleshoot, and resolve hardware, software, or other network and system problems, and replace defective components when necessary.
Configure, monitor, and maintain email applications or virus protection software.
Design, configure, and test computer hardware, networking software and operating system software.
Confer with network users about how to solve existing system problems.
Research new technologies by attending seminars, reading trade articles, or taking classes, and implement or recommend the implementation of new technologies.
Implement and provide technical support for voice services and equipment, such as private branch exchange, voice mail system, and telecom system.
Recommend changes to improve systems and network configurations, and determine hardware or software requirements related to such changes.
Train people in computer system use.
Update knowledge and skills to keep up with rapid advancements in computer technology.
Analyze user needs and recommend appropriate hardware.

ACS @ BROTHER INTL, Memphis, TN
Senior Customer Service Level 4 Technician, May 2007 - Nov 2009
Answer user inquiries regarding computer software or hardware operation to resolve problems.
Install and perform minor repairs to hardware, software, or peripheral equipment, following design or installation specifications.
Maintain records of daily data communication transactions, problems and remedial actions taken, or installation activities.
Read technical manuals, confer with users, or conduct computer diagnostics to investigate and resolve problems or to provide technical assistance and support.
Refer major hardware or software problems or defective products to vendors or technicians for service.
Confer with staff, users, and management to establish requirements for new systems or modifications.

SOLECTRON, Memphis, TN
Computer Repair Technician, Jan 2006 - May 2007
Read blueprints, wiring diagrams, schematic drawings, or engineering instructions for assembling electronics units, applying knowledge of electronic theory and components.
Test electronics units, using standard test equipment, and analyze results to evaluate performance and determine need for adjustment.
Adjust or replace defective or improperly functioning circuitry or electronics components, using hand tools or soldering iron.
Identify and resolve equipment malfunctions, working with manufacturers or field representatives as necessary to procure replacement parts.
Maintain system logs or manuals to document testing or operation of equipment.
Maintain working knowledge of state-of-the-art tools or software by reading or attending conferences, workshops, or other training.
Provide customer support and education, working with users to identify needs, determine sources of problems, or to provide information on product use.
Develop or upgrade preventative maintenance procedures for components, equipment, parts, or systems.

EDUCATION
ITT TECHNICAL INSTITUTE
Memphis, TN Associates of Applied Science
Computer Electronics and Engineering Computer Information Systems (Aug 2004)

ADDITIONAL SKILLS
Remote Support: Bomgar Representative Essentials v11

CREDENTIALS
CCNA
Network+
Contact this candidate