Lawrence Owonikoko
**** **** ***** ***** *******, TX 75051 972-***-**** ad2y10@r.postjobfree.com
HTTPS://WWW.LINKEDIN.COM/IN/LAWRENCEOWONIKOKO/

Summary

Seeking a network professional position with a quality organization that can utilize my proven skills in network engineering, escalation support, network administration, and systems administration. Highly dependable and motivated in achieving set goals. Consistently takes initiative to solve problems. A team player with great interpersonal and organizational skills. A fast learner with the ability to organize and manage multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment, and capable of working independently or in a team environment.
Technical Certifications & Training
Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH)
Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA)
Cisco Certified Network Professional (CCNP)
Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITILv3)
Certified WAN Administrator (CWA)
Certified information systems management (CISM)
Trained in Network Data Storage, UNIX –Linux, and SAP SD.
Data Storage implementation and configuration SAN/NAS
Project Management
CCIE, CUCM / UCCX ADVANCE TRAINING (VOIP)
Security Clearance Active - -TFG’s
Trained in Emergency Services and Homeland Security and has successfully completed the ICS-100 to ICS-800 FEMA Department of Homeland Security Incident Command System Certification. (Member of TEXAS STATE GUARD (ARMY)
Technical Skills Summary
Network Technologies:
Cisco routers 1200, 1600, 2500, 3600, and 7500 series, with Cisco pix firewall, ISE, Cisco catalyst switches 2900,4000,5000,6500, 6509, 7609, 8500 series, Cisco Nexus 9000,7000,5000,and 2000, 1000 series, Cisco Staros gateways, alkatel 7405, VLAN management, trunking and ether channeling, Ethernet, fast-Ethernet, gigabit Ethernet and FDDI technologies, RIP, IGRP, EIGRP, OSPF, BGP, MPLS, VPN, DMVPN, DMZ, TCP/IP, IPX, ISDN, DSL and Frame Relay, Ethernet, Fast Ethernet, WAN, LAN, TCP/IP, CDP, RIP, RIPv2, OSPF, EIGRP, BGP, VTP, VLAN, VTP, HSRP, STP, SVI, CEF, Frame-relay, PPP, Access Control List (ACL), Network Address Translation (NAT), Port Address Translation (PAT), Redistribution, OSPF Virtual links, GRE Tunnel, Cisco PIX, Route-Based VPNs, Cisco DMVPN Topologies, Cisco ASA Firewalls 8.2, 8.3, 8.4,8.6, Cisco IOS Zone Policy Firewall, Net Screen Firewall Appliances 3.x, 4.x, 5.x, Juniper vSRXs Branch Firewall 10.x, Arista, Vvayatta,ISKAMP IPSEC. Design, propose and build integrated voice, data and internet solutions and value-added application packages to moderate/high value, high potential medium business market customers via face-to-face customer interface, F5, and Citrix NetScaler load balancing. Performance tools like Iris View, Sevone, Netscout and Landslide (Spirent) and JIRA.

Desktop Technologies:
VMware ESXi Server 3.5, 4.0, 4.1,VMware vCenter 2.x, 4.x, VMware Site Recovery Manager (SRM) 4.x, Microsoft Windows 9x/ME/NT/2000/XP/7, Microsoft Windows 2000/3/8,8.1, R2 Server Linux (RHEL, Ubuntu, SuSE), Novell NetWare 4, 5, Solaris 7, 8, 9, Nokia IPSO, Microsoft Word, Excel, Access, Power Point, Visio, MS Project, Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, popera, Scanners, Desktop & Network Printers, Cisco desktop supervisor/agent/administrator, Cisco UCS, Call manager, UCCX, UCCE, Unity connection, Unified presence and serviceability, QMBASE, Rightfax and Active directory.

Summary of Professional Experience
Verizon Wireless Senior Network Engineer (Remote) OCT.2019 – Date ‘2023
IBM Cooporation LLC Lead Network Engineer (REMOTE) Sept.2017 – Sept. 2019
Verizon Enterprise Solutions Lead Network Engineer (Spec) – Lifecycle A&E Mar.2015 – Sept.17
Verizon Trmk Business Project Magr Incident Mgmt Network Engineer Mar.2014 - Feb.2015
Conexis (Word&Brown) Senior Cisco VOIP Engineer 2013 - 20014
Xerox Business Services LLC Sr. Principal Network & Security Engineer 2012 – 2013
Frontier Communications Sr. Network Engineer 2011 - 2012
Contextus groupsvs Network Engineer 2007 - 2010

Education
Northlake College CME, CUCM, CCNA VOICE, CCVP,
Global Knowledge CUCM / UCCX, UCCE ADVANCE TRAINING, ITILV3, CEH
LAN/WAN Professional LAN/WAN Engineer Program - CCNA, CCNP, CCIE
Federal Polytechnic Institute (BSC) Electrical /Electronic Engineering
DeVry University MISM) Master of Information System and security Mgmt.

detail of Professional Experience
Verizon Wireless Senior Network Engineer (Remote) OCT.2019 – Date ‘2023

Provide high levels of engineering support to (MPN) mobile private network and market engineering.
Develop scalable lifecycle management workflows to execute changes efficiently and simultaneously to multiple staros gateways (Baremetal/Virtual) VNFs and PNFs at once.
Develop internal talent and skillset to self-enhance E2E process/automation/orchestration delivered by vendor.
Support VCP infrastructure changes like Nuage integration, OSP upgrade, Webscale ETC
Administer Sys upgrades in gateway staros, Nexus 9000, Nexus 1000, and Nexus 5000.
Implement NAT capabilities on enterprise gateways to remove the need for Score platform.
Deploy Self-Serve MPN Onboarding capabilities for end users through Digital Transformation project Improve success rate for manual MPN customer turn-ups.
Call out design gaps and ensure they are addressed with aggressive timelines to meet business objectives.
Address service capacity concerns proactively and ON-Call Engineer resolving Network impacting issues.
Responsible for WAN Optimization devices (Cisco, Riverbed, Arista etc.).
Ensure Network Redundancy at all levels and pursue resolution aggressively at any time Network path is single threaded.
Optimize new virtual site deployments by further development of automation and end-to-end service orchestration and automate proactive testing across all MPN, PS Core, and Wholesale customer builds.
Effectively communicate new features or design MOPs to Operations team, formally transfer technical or administrative knowledge to operations.
Review of automated generated JSON file from VHAP for pronghorn implementation with a goal to keep first time non-customer impacting automated deployment failures at < 5 %
Implement router turn-ups, to zero touch Implementation.
Administer SMEs with virtualization concepts like virtual MPN curriculum, new platforms & new process, Scripting / Automation foundation (Python, Pronghorn tool, Cisco NSO, OpenStack foundations
Worked on VHAP tools to process customer profiles and ensure Work Order flow through VHAP
Administer performance tools like IRIS VIEW, NETSCOUT, SEVONE and LANDSLIDE (Spirent) JIRA and Cisco Secure Workload
Analyzes various KPIs of Network elements and makes proactive recommendations of future possible capacity challenges.
Creating performance Daily Reports, Capacity Report, monitoring alarms, trends and traffic behaviors, highlighting any possible issue with the Network.
Working as the Break-Fix engineer supporting various Operation processes and supporting Network changes implemented from an Ops perspective resolving Network issues.
Deploy and migrate all MPN customers to virtual architecture and expand wholesale capacity at all SAP sites on VCP. Deployment and configuration of Cisco QMBASE server for call recordings and screen recordings. Rightfax configuration and administrator.
Installation and Implementation of next generation firewall NGFW - Palo Alto/ASA, Juniper SRX Firewalls, Cisco FTD, Cisco FMC, Sourcefire IPS/IDS, Cisco Identity Services Engine (ISE), VPN, working with Palo Alto Firewall with Panorama Servers to create / modify rules and policies.
Improve MPN customer provisioning time through near Zero touch provisioning efforts.
Build PNF for 5G Option 3X enablement and instantiated VNFs thru Orchestration

IBM Cooporation LLC Lead Network Engineer (REMOTE) Sept.2017 – SEPT. 2019 Dallas Texas
Implemented site-to site VPN based on business requirements, DMVPN across all the Regions (NA, EMEA and APAC)
Upgrade Hardware/Software to the standard codes to avoid bugs.
Implement changes to the existing network as per business requirements.
Designed and implemented LAN and WAN set up and Provide LAN and WAN Support.
Administer and trouble shoot Cisco ASA Firewall, Citrix Netscaler load balancers, F5 (ltm/gtm),Cisco Nexus Switches, AGG, ESS, RTR’s,POD, UDI’s, Solarwind Orion NPM and all brands of VPN gateways.
Root cause analysis of high severity failure, traffic pattern and provide bandwidth as when required.
Worked on vvyatta and Juniper vSRXs firewall as per business requirement.
Implementing security policies using ACL, Firewall, IPSEC, ISAKMP, SSL, L2L VPN, DMVPN, Vvyatta, Junipprt vSRXs firewall, IPS/IDS, AAA (TACACS+ & RADIUS, Enginered and implemented complex multipoint and client VPN solutions for customers.
Quickly resolve all IP network issues to reduce waste and downtime while ensuring client Service Level Agreements.(SLA 99.9%).
Created, managed VLAN on switches and efficient knowledge of routing protocols rip, ripv2, eigrp, ospf, BGP, and MPLS.
Ticket platform SDP, remedy, clavister devices, metasolv tools, Ipah, Ecme, Caas etc
Worked in conjuction with Sales and Technical teams to develop custom solutions for implementation issues.
Responsible for maintaining situational awareness of the network operations environment. Independently administers communications systems, ticketing database content, network management platforms, and shared logging applications. Supports project efforts regarding these systems and, at times, independently leads individual project tasking.
Administers trouble tickets according to established guidelines, standards, and procedures. Ensures all content accurately reflects all incident response efforts. Independently makes decisions regarding the next steps involved in incident response.
Independently conducts change management (CM) activity pertaining to operational networks, systems, and equipment using established tools and processes. Completes assigned CM tasking and documents all efforts within documentation systems.
Responsible for proactive and reactive incident response because of network, system, or service anomalies.
Independently administers and monitors all network management system (NMS) platforms to ensure the health of operational services, networks, devices, and components.
Independently maintains (i.e., creates, updates, etc.) active and passive monitors and ensures all actively monitored services, devices, and verifies system operation. Maintains mastery of established standard operating procedures and processes.
Independently leads communication, planning, and response efforts, often working with external work centers, vendors, and customers.
Maintains real-world, working knowledge of network-related technologies (e.g., TCP/IP, HSRP/VRRP, dynamic routing protocols, static routing best-practices and methodologies, BFD, IPSec, access control, VoIP, switching, VLANs, VTP, STP, etc.) and network hardware (e.g., SOHO & enterprise routers, such as Cisco 2800 series, Cisco 7200 series, Juniper M-series, and Juniper T-series routers, layer 2 & layer 3 switches, such as Cisco 2960, Cisco 3550, and Cisco 6500 series switches, Arista, Network security platforms, such as IDS/IPS, Cisco ACS and Juniper SRX equipment.
Replace core and distribution layer switching with Cisco Nexus 7000, 5000 utilizing VDCs and 10g VPCs to server and user access.
Extensive knowledge in configuring and deploying next generation firewalls. These include Palo Alto firewalls and Panorama, Cisco ASA with Firepower, Cisco FTD and FMC.
Hands on experience leveraging advanced Palo Alto firewalls features like APP-ID, User-ID, NAT policies and security policies. Profound knowledge working with a centralized Panorama Management.
Installation and Implementation of next generation firewall NGFW - Palo Alto/ASA, Juniper SRX Firewalls, Sourcefire IPS/IDS, Cisco Identity Services Engine (ISE), VPN, working with Palo Alto Firewall with Panorama Servers to create / modify rules and policies.

Verizon Enterprise Solutions Lead Network Engineer (Spec) – Lifecycle A&E Mar.2015 – Sept.2017 DFW, Texas.
Responsible for maintaining situational awareness of the network operations environment. Independently administers communications systems, ticketing database content, network management platforms, and shared logging applications. Supports project efforts regarding these systems and, at times, independently leads individual project tasking.
Administers trouble tickets according to established guidelines, standards, and procedures. Ensures all content accurately reflects all incident response efforts. Independently makes decisions regarding the next steps involved in incident response.
Independently conducts change management (CM) activity pertaining to operational networks, systems, and equipment using established tools and processes. Completes assigned CM tasking and documents all efforts within documentation systems.
Responsible for proactive and reactive incident response because of network, system, or service anomalies.
Independently administers and monitors all network management system (NMS) platforms to ensure the health of operational services, networks, devices, and components.
Independently maintains (i.e., creates, updates, etc.) active and passive monitors and ensures all actively monitored services, devices, and verifies system operation. Maintains mastery of established standard operating procedures and processes.
Independently leads communication, planning, and response efforts, often working with external work centers, vendors, and customers.
Maintains real-world, working knowledge of network-related technologies (e.g., TCP/IP, HSRP/VRRP, dynamic routing protocols, static routing best-practices and methodologies, BFD, IPSec, access control, VoIP, switching, VLANs, VTP, STP, etc.) and network hardware (e.g., SOHO & enterprise routers, such as Cisco 2800 series, Cisco 7200 series, Juniper M-series, and Juniper T-series routers, layer 2 & layer 3 switches, such as Cisco 2960, Cisco 3550, and Cisco 6500 series switches, Network security platforms, such as IDS/IPS, Cisco ACS, and Juniper SRX equipment.
Replace core and distribution layer switching with Cisco Nexus 7000, 5000 utilizing VDCs and 10g VPCs to server and user access.
Administer and trouble shoot Cisco ASA Firewall, Citrix Netscaler load balancers, F5 (ltm/gtm),Cisco Nexus Switches, AGG, ESS, RTR’s,POD, UDI’s, Solarwind Orion NPM and all brands of VPN gateways.
Implementing security policies using ACL, Firewall, IPSEC, ISAKMP, SSL, L2L VPN, IPS/IDS, AAA (TACACS+ & RADIUS, Enginered and implemented complex multipoint and client VPN solutions for customers.
Hands on experience leveraging advanced Palo Alto firewalls features like APP-ID, User-ID, NAT policies and security policies. Profound knowledge working with centralized Panorama Management.
Quickly resolve all IP network issues to reduce waste and downtime while ensuring client Service Level Agreements.(SLA 99.9%).
Maintained various network hardware equipment (routers, proxy servers (Blue Coat), switches, WAN accelerators, DNS and DHCP) to be 100% effective.
Created, managed VLAN on switches and efficient knowledge of routing protocols rip, ripv2, eigrp, ospf, BGP, and MPLS.
Ticket platform SDP, remedy, clavister devices, metasolv tools, Ipah, Ecme, Caas and JIRA etc
Worked in conjuction with Sales and Technical teams to develop custom solutions for implementation issues.

Verizon Trmk Business Project Manager Incident Mgmt (Network Engineer) Mar.2014 – Feb.2015 DFW, Texas.
Consultant on various Global support Services Network Designs with Enterprise Companies world wide.
Administer and trouble shoot Cisco ASA Firewall, Citrix Netscaler load balancers, F5 (ltm/gtm),Cisco Nexus Switches, AGG, ESS, RTR’s,POD, UDI’s, Solarwind Orion NPM and all brands of VPN gateways,
Network proactive monitoring/execution for all VERIZON Terremark infrastructures focusing at the LAN level (LAN/Layer 2&3.
Responsible in fundamental complex VLAN configurations, WAN Level, VRF etc.) troubleshooting and taking ownership of LAN network environment incidents to resolution while properly documenting all work activity in the ticketing system, working with multiple internal and customer organizations, and serving as the initial escalation point for all customer related network issues.
Analysed impact of new code releases of vendor hardware and software.
As primary escalation Architect for the Network Engineers to help supply root cause information to customers.
Evaluate and suggest product and service solutions in line with client needs and requirements.
Responsible for providing network diagram using Visio or Excel.
Responsible for Global service suport for over 6,000 firewalls and 5,000 load-balancers throughout multiple data centers in globe.
Design and implement maintenance and migration plans for customers with only minutes downtime to their websites.
Implementing security policies using ACL, Firewall, Cisco ISE, IPSEC, ISAKMP, SSL, L2L VPN, IPS/IDS, AAA (TACACS+ & RADIUS, Enginered and implemented complex multipoint and client VPN solutions for customers.
Deep TCP/IP packet analysis utilizing wireshark, ASA packet-tracer, ASA Packet capsure, or raw packet captures using tcpdump in other to help troubleshoot customer environments.
Proficient with the following networking concepts and technologies, VRF, VSS, VDC, Port-channels, Traffic Shaping, Priority Queuing, IP Multicast.
Hands on experience leveraging advanced Palo Alto firewalls features like APP-ID, User-ID, NAT policies and security policies. Profound knowledge working with a centralized Panorama Management.
Monitored bandwidth and network activity by analyzing information provided to ensure efficient and effective network operations. (HP Openview, Solarwinds, NetIQ)
Quickly resolve all IP network issues to reduce waste and downtime while ensuring client Service Level Agreements.(SLA 99.9%).
Created, managed VLAN on switches and efficient knowledge of routing protocols rip, ripv2, eigrp, ospf, BGP, and MPLS.
Ticket platform SDP, remedy, clavister devices, metasolv tools, Ipah, Ecme, Caas and JIRA etc
Worked in conjuction with Sales and Technical teams to develop custom solutions for implementation issues.
DMZ design, implementation, and management. Include knowledge of firewalls, intrusion detection/prevention systems, network segmentation, VPNs, and risk assessment. Mention familiarity with security protocols like SSL, TLS, and SSH.

CONEXIS (WORD&BROWN) Senior Cisco VOIP Engineer Feb. 2013 – Feb2014
Irving, Texas
Design, implementation, ongoing management and troubleshooting of Cisco Unified Communications Systems, including Call Manager / Unified Communications Manager 8.x, 8.x Unity connection, unified presence and UCCX. Management and troubleshooting of Cisco Analog and Digital voice gateways and devices.
Management and troubleshooting of media servers, media gateways, and IP phones.
Participate in the troubleshooting activities associated with daily operation works. Implement and support new and existing activities.
Design and implement emerging technologies such as VoIP, Cisco IP Telephony, and IP Contact Center
Design, deploy, and support Cisco CallManager / CallManager Express and Cisco Unity (VM/UM)/Unity Express solutions, Microsoft Teams, Skype & PowerShell Experience
Deployment and management of Cisco Call Manager (4.x, 6.x, 7.x, 8.x, 10.x) Cisco Call Manager Express (3.x, 4.x,7.x, 8.x, 10.x), Cisco Unity (4.x, 5.x, 8.x, 10.x) (Unified and Voice Messaging), Cisco Unity Express ( 2.x, 8.x, 10.x), Cisco IPCC Express ( 4.x, 5.x, 8.x, 10.x) and Configuration of Cisco Routers - Platform: 2800, 3640, 2600
Configuration are follows System, survivable Remote Site Telephony Configuration, Device Pool Configuration, DHCP Server Configuration, LDAP System Configuration, Call Routing Configuration, Access List Configuration, Media Resource Configuration, Music on Hold Audio Source Configuration, Music on Hold Server Configuration, Device Configuration, Gateway Configuration, Cisco Unified IP Phone Configuration, Trunk Configuration, Translation-line group.
Work with vendors to diagnose network application problems using RSPANs, packet captures, port scans, and log analysis.
Replace core and distribution layer switching with Cisco Nexus 7000, 5000 utilizing VDCs and 10g VPCs to server and user access.
Configuration of Cisco Switches - Platform: IOS 4000, Cat3550, Cat2950 and Configuration of Routing Protocols V OSPF - IS-IS V RIP V EIGRP V BGP
Deployment of Cisco IP Phones - Series: 7910, 7940, 7945, 7960 and Installation, Management and Monitoring of call manager cluster, UCCX call center unified communication.
Configuring class of service, Call admission control, call manger features and call signaling protocols on Voice Gateways H.323, MGCP, SCCP, SIP, Gatekeepers, and SRST Services
Configuration of Configuration and Instillation of Voice Interfaces like E1 & T1 Lines (CAS and PRI), BRI, FXS, FXO
Deployment and configuration of Cisco QMBASE server for call recordings and screen recordings. Rightfax configuration and administrator.
Deployment and configuration Netscaler, F5 products & technology (GTM, LTM, SSL offloading, etc.) and Web traffic load balancing function and manipulation procedures along with sizing and capacity planning with high availability or DR design.
Deploying strong Global Traffic Manager and Equerry functionality between LTM & GTM for a HA design.

Xerox Business Services LLC Principal Information Management, Carrollton,Texas. Systems&Security Sept. 2012 – FEB.2013
Americas, Local Government Solutions – Maintain various City Networks and Security.
Configuration and troubleshooting of equipment/systems, Cisco routers and switches, advanced level of implementing and maintaining Cisco Firewalls (ASA 5505,5510,5520), Cisco Load Balancers, citrix, Netscaler, F5, Juniper, and paloalto, Checkpoint. Responsible for WAN Optimization devices (Cisco, Riverbed, Arista, etc.).
Deployment and configuration F5 products & technology (GTM, LTM, SSL offloading, etc.) and Web traffic load balancing function and manipulation procedures along with sizing and capacity planning with high availability or DR design.
Manage the different load balancing options & features to include OneConnect, Persistence’s, SSL offload functions, HTTP profiles, etc.
Manage the installation, maintenance, and monitoring of the organization’s local area network systems and organizations wide area network systems and ensures that network related transactions and network performance specifications including scalability and availability are maintained at high levels to support business processes using OPNET.
Assist in the development and evaluation of network performance criteria, network administration and measurement methods using OpUtils and OpManager.
Participate in the testing and analysis of all components of network facilities to ensure operational status.
Design, propose and build integrated voice, data and internet solutions and value-added application packages to moderate/high value, high potential medium business market customers via face-to-face customer interface.
Standards of Performance consisting of moderate-high complexity products (voice/data CPE, complex voice, integrated voice, voicemail, ACD voice, RightFax, Cisco ip phone extension and data, data networking, and affiliate to include Private IP, VoIP, Managed Services, CPE, Dedicated Internet Access, as well as traditional legacy voice and data services). Using Gui Call manager (Cisco Unified CM Administration, Cisco Unity Connection Administration, and Cisco Unified CCX Administration)
Identify network problems and work to resolution of the problem and Participate in an On-Call rotation for the client.
Implementing access-list, PAT NAT, policy-based NAT, QOS, and VDCs and deploy multi-site route-based VPNs to replace corporate Frame Relay infrastructure using Net Screen firewall appliances, ASA and Checkpoint FW-1 including the ability to setup debugs and captures.
Configure and manage a collapsed Cisco 6500 VSS and HSRP cores with C3750 stacks in top-of-rack, C6500s and C3560 stacks in access layer.
Work with vendors to diagnose network application problems using RSPANs, packet captures, port scans, and log analysis.
Setting up, configuring, and maintaining DMZ environments managed secure communication channels between internal and external networks, and ensured data integrity and confidentiality.
Configuration of Cisco Switches - Platform: IOS 4000, Cat3550, Cat2950 and Configuration of Routing Protocols V OSPF - IS-IS V RIP V EIGRP V BGP
Replace core and distribution layer switching with Cisco Nexus 7000 utilizing VDCs and 10g VPCs to server and user access.
Maintained various network hardware equipment (routers, proxy servers (Blue Coat), switches, WAN accelerators, DNS and DHCP) to be 100% effective.
Provided Level-2/3 support and troubleshooting to resolve issues and Improved network security by implementing 3-tier network design with a focus on firewalls, routing and switching.
Implementation wireless LAN infrastructures, Wi-Fi, VOIP-Voice Network implementation/migration projects, Digital PBX, surveillance Security IPcamera, Microsoft Teams, Skype & PowerShell Experience.
Monitor and react to the GTD-5, DMS 10, DMS 100, 5ESS, DCO, SS7/ISCP/AIN networks including building alarms, fire alarms, and all after hour’s security call trap and traces for local Government city.

Sr. Network Engineer Frontier Communications Jan 2011 - Sep 2012
Allen, Texas.
Responsible for the network element deployment, backbone provisioning, network augments, and IP services customer activation for the various operation groups. This includes FIOS Video, FIOS Data, FIOS Voice, HSI, SES, UNI, EVC, METRO, Fast Packet, and VMN services.
Responsible for Configuration and implementation in TACACS, Radius servers and enabling the same on Routers and Switches (Juniper Edge Routing Switch E320, 1440).
Design and Implementation concepts in VLAN, STP, VTP, Trucking, ISL, 802.1q, switching infrastructure. Troubleshoot complex LAN network related issues on L2 and L3 Switches.
Circuit provisioning and Implementation using Cisco 2900-to-7600 series switches, Inter VLAN routing and Access List configurations, TACACS configuration, MLS QOS configuration and ability to act as escalation support for Various Devices that support network management.
Ability to act as escalation and support for Various Devices that support Network management, Performance Management, Traffic Shaping, Bandwidth Management, IP Address Management Management, Traffic Shaping, Bandwidth Management, IP Address Management.
Accountable for leading the efforts by utilizing sound judgment in consultation with other North Central and vendor organizations by identifying, troubleshooting, resolving of equipment hardware and network related problems.
Responsible for project management of assigned workload and actively involved in process improvement base on center coverage.
Provides management level reporting of firewall and Intrusion Protection System (IPS) activity on a periodic basis. Participate in security incident response team activities, providing and implementing tactical risk mitigation to incidents.
Actively protects the availability, confidentiality, and integrity of customer, employee, and business information. Provides vulnerability and threat management monitoring and mitigation response.
Participates in tactical and operational planning of vulnerability assessment activities
Contributes to Enterprise security team effectiveness by accomplishing additional security related results as needed.
CPC/ Congestion Management – Migration from Alkatel ASAM 7300 to TA500 DSLAM, using BAAIS and Nxtt software for troubleshooting customers ports/slots in the equipment while working with Technicians online. Investigate the critical alarm circuit using NETCOOL, INMS, Naviscol (CBX 500) and in ciena 7100.
Maintenance and configure TCP/IP, IP routing protocols, Nortel Succession platforms, Ethernet Switching, VLANS, Cisco, and Juniper router.
Design, implementation, and provisioning of TA5000, ASAM, DSLAM, ATM, Frame Relay, SONET, DWDM, T3, T1, OC3, OC12, OC48, GigE, and circuit design
Build PVC on EMS, Naviscore, Ciena, Lucent and BAAIS, Groom, Performance Management applications switching.
Recommend hardware or software changes needed to optimize Citrix deployments, configuration, or maintenance.
Implement policies, procedures, and technologies to ensure Citrix system security through secure system access, monitoring, control, and routine security evaluations.
Perform tasks necessary to fulfill service level agreements with end users regarding Citrix-served application availability and security including file system and database configuration and management.
Perform and test system configuration backups and restores to ensure system recovery from outages or errors.
Create and analyze trouble ticket using Remedy and Oasis Action Management software and Network management systems.
Quality Assurance for NER, DIR and traditional CATV Broadcast, RF and Fiber Optic
transmission fundamentals.
Design, propose and build integrated voice, data and internet solutions and value-added application packages to moderate/high value, high potential medium business market customers via face-to-face customer interface. Standards of Performance consisting of moderate-high complexity products (voice/data CPE, complex voice, integrated voice and data, data networking, and affiliate to include Private IP, VoIP, Managed Services, CPE, Dedicated Internet Access, as well as traditional legacy voice and data services).
Automates network configuration backups &
Contact this candidate