NOEL ANTHONY LETT
**** * **** ******
Philadelphia, PA 19151
ad318a@r.postjobfree.com
+1-267-***-****
Skills
Telecommunications OSP, Telcordia Network Engineer, Enghouse Cable Cad, AutoCAD, OS - Windows, DOS, Flavors of Linux. Microsoft Suite, Microsoft Project Management, General Management Supervision & Customer Quality Service, City and Guilds London Royal Charter - Telecommunications Certification, University of London - General Certification of Education. Work Experience:
OSP Engineer
Pearce Services - CA
November 2021 to December 2022
Engineering support of all Outside Plant (OSP) facilities identifying the existing field design and layout of the OSP telecommunications network, including aerial, buried, and underground fiber network design and layout, underground conduit, manhole/handhole, building entrance, and riser facilities inclusive of FTTX applications.
Identification of any potential issues with proposed routes. Managing own workload and prioritizing multiple field engineering assignments. Negotiate and execute building access agreements.
Construction Inspector
Broadstaff FL.
October 2021 to November 2021
Live auditing of all Outside Plant (OSP) facilities in an OSP construction environment. Oversees, inspects and monitors contractual field work, which includes excavations, boring, placement of hand-holes, aerial strand and fiber cable installation, grounding, and monitoring restoration inclusive of quality control processes and post construction quality assurance. Advises contractors of violations and recommends adjustments to work operations. Applies vast knowledge of OSP construction methods, practices, and safety guidelines. Maintains project notes, which include daily diaries, etc.
OSP Engineer
MCG Inc. - West Chester, PA
May 2021 to July 2021
All phases of Telecom Engineering from customer interaction, site survey, design (to industry standards), permitting through to As-Builts. Supporting the outside plant work forces in the field. Designing, maintaining and Upgrades cable (copper & fiber). Screener
Beaumont at Bryn Mawr - PA.
November 2020 to April 2021
Support for Security, screening all entry and certifying no compromise of potential COVID-19 Administrator & Apiarist
Tropical Forest Apiculture - Trinidad
January 2007 to December 2016
Operation and Administration of Apiary
Chief Operating Officer
Integrated Telecommunications Consultants -
January 1999 to December 2007
Project Management and timely execution of components within Budget and identifying the statement of works providing Planning, OSP Engineering Consultancy and Re-engineering Project Design Services for Network development throughout. Inclusive of Structures, Construction and Management, Feeders and Distribution facilities for both overhead and underground. Administration and Directing the Organization in pursuit of contract with the Telecommunications Services Provider. Permitting and Right of Ways make ready for installation. OSP ENGINEER 11
Telecommunications Services – TT.
October 1989 to December 1997
Accountable to the Manager Planning and OSP Engineering. Administration and Supervision of The Planning and OSP Engineering Group assigned to the Port- of-Spain and Tobago Districts. Preparation of an Automated Mapping and Facilities Management /Geographic Information Systems (AM/FM GIS) Implementation Plan for RFP. Develop Outside Plant Fundamental Plans and prepare Cost Studies for projects identified for Switching centers in Districts. Develop the capital budget for Expenditure approval. Determine and manage Projects Schedules through consultation with other support Departments in accordance with their available resources. Managing Contract Vendors, Project schedules and Inspect constructed Projects in compliance with Engineering Designs and concur final posting of As-Built Records. Prepare Employees’ Performance Objectives and Assessment. Communicating such with assigned staff and submit necessary recommendations required for employee training and development. Administer company’s Personnel and Industrial Relations. Safety policies as they apply to personnel under the designated jurisdiction.
Authorize OSP Engineering Work Plan Designs in accordance with Engineering Standards and Specifications determined by best practices policy. TELECOM EXTERNAL PLANNING OSP ENGINEER
British Telecom – London UK.
April 1989 to September 1989
Planning and preparing OSP Engineering Work Order Plans for Public Street works as applied to relocation of Aerial and underground facilities of Outside Plant Network for the Thames Valley and London Westminster Districts.
OSP ENGINEER
Telecommunications Services – TT.
January 1981 to December 1988
Accountable to the Manager Planning and OSP Engineering. Administration and supervision of the Planning and OSP Engineering group assigned to the Jurisdiction. Develop Outside Plant Fundamental Plans and prepare Cost Studies for projects identified for Switching centers in designated Districts. Develop the capital budget for Expenditure approval. Determine and manage Projects Schedules through consultation with other support Departments in accordance with their available resources.
Authorize OSP Engineering Work Plan Designs in accordance with Engineering Standards and Specifications Determined by the Company. Manage, Schedule and Inspect constructed Projects in accordance with Engineering Designs and concur final posting of As-Built Records. Assistant OSP Engineer
Telecommunications Services – TT.
January 1978 to December 1981
Training in the Various disciplines of Planning, OSP Engineering & Construction. TECHNICAL OFFICER –
Telecommunications Services – TT.
January 1976 to December 1978
Orientation in OSP Construction, splicing and Subscriber Service installations. NETWORK TRAFFIC STATISITCS OFFICER
Telecommunications Services – TT.
May 1974 to December 1976
Enable optimization of Central offices traffic across designated switching equipment. Statistically predicting the number of circuits required to facilitate balance for Central Offices traffic during unique dynamic busy hour to increase call completion rate across the Network. Education
TECHNICAL in Geographic Information Systems
University of the West Indies - TT.
September 1991 Certified.
Technical in Telecom External Planning.
Thames Valley College - London
June 1989 Certified.
Technical in Radio Amateurs Certification - Licensing Conditions, Operating Practices, Transmitter Interference, Procedures & Theory
City & Guilds of London Institute Royal Charter.
June 1984 Certified.
Technical in Telecommunications OSP Engineering
Bell Canada & TSTT - Port-of-Spain
January 1984 Certified.
Administration in General Management & Supervision Telecommunications Services TT
1984
Technical in Telecommunications & Line Plant Practice City & Guilds of London Institute Royal Charter
June 1976 to June 1979
General Certification of Education
University of London
Polytechnic Institute - St James Trinidad
June 1970 to June 1974
Links
http://linkedin.com/in/no%C3%A9l-l-99a0a562/
Certifications and Licenses
•Driver's License current
• Telecommunications OSP Engineering and Line Plant Practice. Sincerely.
Noel Anthony Lett
Contact this candidate