PAULIN DJORO AMA
ad3303@r.postjobfree.com
240-***-****
Hagerstown, MD
Permanent Work Authorization No Visa Sponsorship Required
.
SUMMARY:

Dedicated and energetic Network Engineer with more than 7+ years of professional experience with network installation and configuration, system infrastructure, troubleshooting, upgrading and backup of CISCO routers configurations files and support in LAN/WAN environment.
Strong knowledge and demonstrable experience of data center and campus networking load balancing), encryption.
Strong ability to work with Routing protocols: OSPF, EIGRP & BGP and IP Routing, Network Components, Network Infrastructures technologies: Cisco (routing, switching, firewalls), Cheick Point (Next Gen firewalls), F5 (global and local, Routers, IPS, IDS and Wireless Controllers.
Perform Multiprotocol Label Switching (MPLS) Wide Area Network (WAN)
Experience with switching and routing with knowledge of topics such as TCP/IP, VLANs, WLAN, IPv4/IPv6 configuration, Wireless Access Points,peer-to-peer networking, IP addressing & subnets, building a routing table, and other network protocols and standards.
Experience with Cisco Systems IOS and CLI
Conduct network and telecommunications system incident and problem investigation and diagnostics.
Ability to design, implement and troubleshoot Wi-Fi.
maintaining and updating a WLAN and VLAN network to ensure they are kept up to date to ensure proper operations are maintained.
Identify and document workaround solutions for errors.
Apply workaround solutions per documented methods and procedures.
Apply operating system updates, patches, and configuration changes.
Install, upgrade, and configure new network and telecommunications systems hardware and software.
Analyze network and telecommunications system logs, identify potential issues, and initiate corrective actions per documented methods and procedures.
Perform network devices deployment and movement and hardware configuration changes.
Monitor network and telecommunications system performance and respond to anomalies and issues according to documented procedures.
Able to identify issues, creating tickets to ensure that all details are captured accurately, follow escalation procedures.
Implementation and Support requiring the use of strong analytical, strategic, organizational, and interpersonal skills to support business goals.

EDUCATION:

Associate degree in network engineering, Frederick Community College, Frederick, Maryland

Bachelor’s degree in network and cyber security University of Maryland Global Campus (UMGC) in progress

CERTIFICATIONS:
cisco certified network associate (CCNA)
CompTIA Network +
Check-Point Certified Admin (CCSA)
CompTIA Security +

KEY SKILLS:

Systems: Windows (7, 8, 10), Linux Red hat
Routing Protocols: BGP, OSPF, EIGRP, MPLS, statics
Network Performance: VLAN, WLAN, LAN/WAN, TCP/IP, SMTP, NAT, PAT, VPN, Subnetting, VoIP, ACL. GRE tunnels, Device, and networking hardening 802.1x
Spanning-tree, VLANs, Port Channels.
Domain and Endpoint Management: Active Directory, DHCP, DNS, NAP, LDAP, Group Policy Administration and SCCM Administration. GRE tunnels
Remote Access: VPN, VNC, RDP, SSH, Virtual PC RADIUS.
Networking Broad technical knowledge of Cisco networking technologies and platforms to include Nexus 7/5/2k, ASR 1k and 9k, vPC.GP
CISCO ASA, CISCO 1700, 2900, 6509
9508, NCS55, NCS9906, ASR, NEXUS, Cisco ACI
ASR9K (XR, XE, IOS std)
Ticketing System: Service Now, Maximo
Infrastructure Management: Synergy Server, HPE C-7000, VMware ESX Patching, vRealize and Load Balancer.
Operation: New User, Exits and Extensions, Folder and File System Permissions, File and Folder Restore,
Port Security, Exchange / M365 Administration, SMS Card Access, PowerShell.

Backup and storage: Commvault, VMware Virtual Storage Administration, Litigation Holds, NetApp Storage, SAN
Firewalls: Checkpoint, Palo Alto
Compliance And Remediation: Windows Defender, Windows Server Management and Support, Linux RHEL, Server Patching
Monitoring: SNMP, Traffic Analysis, event Log, Packet filtering, URL filter, IPS (Tipping) IDS (Tripwire), Syslog SolarWinds, Vulnerability scanning (Nexpose)
virtualization: VMware Workspace, Horizon VDI
Software: SMS Card Access, ProjectWise Support, Web & DBA Project Support, SSL Certificate Management
Patching: IVANTI
Disaster Recovery:
VMware vSphere Replication Management,
NetApp Storage Recovery, F5 (Big IP)
Commvault Storage Administration
Cloud Network: AWS, Azure
Active directory: GPO
Linux: red hat, centos, ubuntu
Public Key Infrastructure (PKI)

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

MDOT (Maryland Department of Transportation) (SHA), Baltimore, MD Aug2021- Present
System Network Infrastructure Engineer
Ability to install, configure, and troubleshoot the following:
Layer 2 and Layer 3 switches, routers, and associated technologies
Firewall technologies Routers used for internal routing, ISP connectivity.
Upgrading and backup of CISCO routers configurations files.
Routing, Switching, Firewall, F5, WAN, LAN, Wireless
Monitors NMS and (SNMP) and Syslog messages, troubleshoots network incidents, documents. Findings, remotely restores services/recommends fix actions, and maintenance to appropriate organizations.
Disconnect old customer circuit from the network and reclaim their public IP address.
Design lab architecture and test new configuration.
Perform maintenance windows to make a change in the core network.
Perform call with Verizon ATT, Centurylink for BGP peering or Vlan swing and troubleshoot customer issue.
Schedule maintenance windows in the datacenter for core device and configuration change.
Maintained a network that is comprised of multiple physical and virtual data centers using VMWAR.
Involved in SNMP Network management and working on various scanning and sniffing tools.
Upgrading and backup of CISCO routers configurations files.
Monitored alarms that show in our network monitoring tools and begin the process of resolving/clearing.

HemmersBach (HPE), Ashburn, VA
Network Core ENGINEER November 2020- July 2021

Provide technical support to manage large enterprise networks and franchise networks.
Configure, maintain network services, equipment, and devices.
Monitor network performance and integrity.
Consult regarding network performance, capacity, and scalability.
Troubleshoot and resolve support issues with cloud and local infrastructure.
Supports switches and router hardware/software in an enterprise network environment.
Conduct periodic upgrades for network components.
Plan and support network infrastructure for enterprise customers.
Provide clear technical documentation and written procedures to ensure other members of the support organization can assist in monitoring, troubleshooting, and changing complex customer environments.
Troubleshooting and fault management for the alarms & events in the ISP network, fixed data circuits (VPN, Internet & Voice) for access part including various technologies: Microwave, FO, Wimax.

Germantown, MD September 2019 – October 2020
Network Engineer
Bim Tech Center, LLC, Germantown, MD

Charged with building, configuring, installing, managing, and monitoring networking and IP telephony infrastructure-related hardware and software.
Streamlined the process of troubleshooting and monitoring LAN/WAN activities, leading to an improvement in up-time of 27%.
Troubleshooting of LAN/WAN, including routing protocols EIGRP
Improved the response time to incoming incident response tickets by 15% through an automated process that assigns a ticket to qualified network engineers.
Built out technical documentation for processes and infrastructure, leading to a 2-day reduction in on-boarding for new engineers.
Upgrade Cisco Core devices IOS devices.
Led weekly “lunch and learn” sessions to instruct 15 other engineers on best practices around switching, routing, DNS, and IP addressing.

United Bank of Africa, Abidjan, Ivory Coast Mar 2017 – Feb 2019
Network Engineer

switching design, configuration and troubleshooting efforts for service, device, or network resolution under CISCO.
Able to. perform Site surveys (including wireless LAN site surveys) to capture all in-scope equipment and related peripheral Equipment located at a Site, and to ensure all Site documentation is accurate and up to date.
Able to perform troubleshooting on WAN/LAN/WLAN network/Contact Center network devices.
Able to use network monitoring (what sup goal, SolarWinds) and management tools to perform initial diagnosis and resolution of network troubles.
switching design, configuration and troubleshooting efforts for service, device, or network resolution under CISCO.
Able to install, configure, and upgrade routers, switches, access point and apply rule changes to firewalls.
Contact this candidate