Anthony Antosh
Phone: 215-***-****
Email: ad35ul@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/anthony-antosh

Network/Systems Engineer
A qualified technical operative dedicated to optimizing customer services for a diverse client base. Excels in learning and implementing new technologies. A skilled troubleshooter who formulates ingenious resolutions for complicated technical predicaments. Highly collaborative with remarkable interpersonal faculties. Competent at multi-level and cross-departmental business communication. A prominent contributor to team projects. Establishes an authentic rapport with distinguished clientele. A keen learner with an avid interest in assimilating emergent industrial trends. Loyal, passionate, and diligent with a strong work ethic. A protean employee with exceptional organizational and time management capacities.

Skill Areas:
Network Administration w Switches, Routers, Access Points, Firewalls, etc.
w SD-WAN w Systems Administration wHardware and Software Support

Accomplishments & Highlights
●Successfully contributed to a new SD-WAN product's roll-out to all locations.
●Designed and configured LAN for multiple remote sites
●Part of team that migrated from VMWare to Hyper-V
●Assisted with opening new Colocation facility.
●Saved company over one million dollars in telecom fees.
●
Professional Experience

Comcast, remote (July 2023 – Feb 2024)
Network Engineer II (Cisco, Arista, Juniper) - Contract
Comcast delivers broadband, mobile, and video products that delight customers and technology that powers the future, produces and distributes leading entertainment, sports, and news. At the heart of Comcast are our people. Our engineers, designers, creators, storytellers, and entrepreneurs are passionate about the important role we play in millions of people’s lives.
Hands-on IP router/switch/telephony customer premises equipment
Design, configure and deploy LAN and WAN network connections, hardware, software and communication links and services.
Optimize the network and systems services and troubleshoot any network performance issues.
Responsible for the service provision and monitoring of the network infrastructure to company standards

Mednax National Medical group (Pediatrix), sunrise, FL (March 2021-July 2023)
Network Engineer (HPE, Aruba, Palo-Alto) - Contract
Mednax partners with hospitals, health systems and health care facilities to offer women’s and children’s care across more than 24 specialties. Through its medical groups and practices, Mednax provides services through a network of more than 2,000 physicians and 1,200 advanced practice providers.
Implemented, Configured, and managed WAN/LAN networking equipment (HPE and Aruba) while adhering to industry standard security protocols and SOX, HIPPA and PCI principles.
Managed and configured companies Palo Alto firewall via Panorama Cloud
Ensure accurate and reliable documentation.
Ensure an up-to-date inventory and accountability is maintained for each site.
Maintain the integrity and safety of company data through the supervision of data backups and archiving principles.
Vulnerability and application patch management
Breakdown, disassembly and disposal of networking, infrastructure, and business application systems with minimal impact to the business.
graphic packaging, Phoenixville, PA (may 2020 – march 2021)
Information Technology Site Lead - Contract
GPI provides sustainable packaging solutions for hundreds of the world’s most recognized brands. Providing renewable, attractive, functional, nature-based packaging is how we make a world of difference.
Monitoring, assessment, and support of all facets of IT services and end-user computing such as file, print, and application services including storage, and backup, network services including voice, video, data, and mobile computing.
Collaborate with engineering and service management teams to ensure proper deployment and monitoring of GPI IT security policies.
Collaborate and lead engineering efforts that directly impact end user computing performance, including end point imaging, encryption, mobile data management, local data management, etc.
Identify areas of improvement to improve service performance, stability, and costs. Assisting with the design, testing and implementation of new networks
Universal Health Services (UHS) Inc, King of Prussia, PA (May 2018-May 2020)
Network Engineer (Cisco, Meraki, SilverPeak) - Contract
UHS is one of the nation’s largest and most respected healthcare service providers. They currently operate approximately 400 facilities across the United States and Puerto Rico.
Hired to assisted with Silver Peak SD WAN implementation for all 250 of the company’s remote location which included all installation, configuration, and implementations.
Installed, supported, and maintained network hardware infrastructure, including routers, switches, wireless controllers, wireless access points, and firewalls, in compliance with policy/best practice guidelines.
Sustained all aspects of the local area network and corporate data communications
Diagnosed and solved problems/issues while updating peers about the present status
Monitored network usage, anticipated problems, and recommended solutions
Collaborates with teams to assist and complete projects
Made recommendations on improving processes and practices
Provides network documentation
Responded to inquiries from staff, administrators, service providers, site personnel, external vendors, etc., to provide technical assistance.
Aspire Financial (Oct 2017-May 2018)
Network Administrator
Performed network administration activities, including backup, security management, user account management, e-mail systems (Exchange server, internet access, office systems, and applications support)
Installed and maintained network hardware and software.
Configured and troubleshot servers and network/data center related hardware
Made recommendations on improving processes and practices
Provides network documentation
Responded to inquiries from staff, administrators, service providers, site personnel, external vendors, etc., to provide technical assistance.
MTG IT Professionals (Mar 2016-May 2017)
Level 2 IT Support
Provided first and second level helpdesk support for a prominent Managed Service Provider.
Responsible for handling all customer server and workstation backups using Barracuda, Cloudberry, Crash Plan, Black Blaze, Carbonite, and Windows Backup solutions
Managed clients’ Barracuda, WatchGuard, and Fortinet firewalls
Installed and maintained all client servers, network devices, laptops, desktops, workstations, and printers on a revolving monthly basis
Assisted large projects as required, including relocating the client’s server room, new client onboarding, and software upgrades
Liquent/Parexel (Sep 2011-Jul 2014)
IT Support Analyst/Application Technical Support
Installed Liquent’s products for clients
Provided software support for Liquent’s InSight Publisher software suite to all external customers
Tested, documented, and installed software hotfixes and version upgrades
Examined and recorded all technical bugs and reported findings to the development team.
Leveraged technical knowledge and professional skills to become the primary contact for all Helpdesk and support tickets.
Created, Managed and Maintaned Liquent systems, including Virtual Infrastructure (VMWare and Hyper-V), Oracle (10.x, 11.x, and 12.x) database farm, SharePoint, Exchange, etc.
Provided onsite and remote IT support for Liquent’s internal users.
Deployed new computer and laptop images for potential and existing users.

Professional Development & Credentials

Certification:
Microsoft MCSA, MCTS, MCITP, and MCP
CISCO ESTQ Field Tech, CISCO CCENT (Expired),
Check Point Certified Network Associate and Check Point Certified Sales Associate
Technical Skills: Microsoft Operating Systems, Microsoft Office Applications, Virtualization, Cloud Management, Active Directory, Routing and Switching, LAN and WAN, DHCP, DNS, SD-WAN, Wireless Networking, Newtwork Security, Project Management, Network Troubleshooting, Firewalls, Hardware and Software, Technical Support, Cisco and Aruba Products, Ticketing Systems, Testing, and Documentation
Contact this candidate