Darrye L. Skinner, MIS
214-***-****
Summary
Darrye is a Cisco certified network professional with over 20 years of strategic experience in hands-on infrastructure design, implementation, and management. Darrye is detail oriented in defining requirements to fit the scope of work. Darrye has IT industry experience working with small and large companies across various industries and commercial markets. Darrye can assemble a diverse team with a “no lose” mentality, and execute in a short time frame. Darrye is well skilled in resources management when engaged. Darrye continues to work onsite with customers and remote support via VPN (virtual private network) access. Darrye is a precise consultant and has always worked as a mentor and team player.

Work Experience:

Paladin Consulting – client Leeward Renewable Energy – September 22, 2022 to the Present
Worked daily implementing FortiGate firewalls, FortiSwitches and Cisco equipment. This included creating new firewall rules, updating existing rules and decommissioning of outdated rule sets. I used NPView to grade the firewall policies to align with NERC compliance.
I worked with the FortiGate switch controller to authorize and manage switches along with the wireless controller Interface. I have built network Visio and MS word formatted documentation to communicate my design objectives, governance and maintenance plans.

I have built VPN tunnels via Meraki portal and FortiGate. Worked on tickets via Service now to complete token requests, access related topology needs and network scalability needs in terms of adding new VLANs and subnets to the infrastructure.

Randstad Technologies - Bank of America March 21, 2022 – October 26,2022
Design Team Lead
ad38w1@r.postjobfree.com

Summary of Bank Responsibilities:
Network Engineer/ Team Lead / IT Security Specialist that is responsible for the accurate and timely delivery of project artifacts based on the TI DMAIC workflow. The System Integration Architect works closely with the Technology Project Manager and Engagement Manager in order to provide a fully documented infrastructure technology solution based on standard product offerings.
I work as a subject matter expert (SME), the System Integration Architect is responsible for documenting and understanding the current environment for each design request. The System Integration Architect also interfaces with the Midrange Standards and Infrastructure Engineering team to understand current technology trends and to review Client technology standards. These standards form the basis of all design offerings that are presented to the Line of Business as part of the overall design deliverable.

I build high level designs and low level designs for deployment of cloud technologies and physical infrastructure. Servers, SQL DaaS, Firewalls, DNS.

Senture Inc November 8, 2021 - March 2022
Senior Network Engineer
My daily responsibility is supporting the business with any type of technical issue from a break fix perspective or redesign. I am building runbooks for daily administration and support.
My projects consist of building ASA equipment, Palo Alto and ASR router configs to refresh government clients and commercial clients' networks.
Our in-house Cisco platform includes, Meraki platform and Palo Alto equipment. I use SolarWinds to monitor the infrastructure and to backup devices. Each device is built via our internal technology template that we have enhanced to cloud based management processes to enhance the roll-out of new systems. My team supports multiple call center offices and data center locations in Kentucky and Texas.
The firewall technology we use is Palo Alto 820, 3020 and 5250. We are deploying Panorama to manage the entire Palo Alto environment. Firepower is used for our 5516X devices. I am using vSphere and VCenter to manage our virtual VDI environment.
Currently, I am in the mist of migrating the firewall security platform from Cisco ASA/Firepower Management Center to Palo Alto firewalls with Panorama Administration.
We are moving the VPN users to Palo Alto Global Protect In the past 3 months due to COVID-19 we have experienced a high volume of VPN users thus pushing me and my team to build a new VM ASA and to bridge the execution to migrate over to a more robust solution, which is the Palo Alto 5250 and VM 200 VPN solution as I used with a previous employer.

Supreme Lending February 3, 2020 – Nov 2021
Senior Network Engineer
My daily responsibility is building branch equipment for turn-ups. Cisco platform, Meraki platform and Palo Alto equipment. Each device is built via our internal technology template that we have enhanced to cloud based management processes to enhance the role outs. My team supports over 1000 branches. Me and my colleagues have moved the technology solution from Cisco 899 routers, 3702 AP’s, 2950 switches and Aryaka cloud ANAP’s to the Meraki Cloud solution. We have created branch templates which include firewall policies safely secure and bring branches on seamlessly.
We tested and moved to Meraki head-ends MX 250 pairs and MX68 model branch termination equipment. I help reduce the total cost of ownership and administration by researching new models of equipment and uses for the administration portals which support Meraki SD/WAN solutions within our organization. I also championed the use of the tools and reporting dashboards within the Meraki portal for management dashboard details.
Our current partner connectivity includes the Azure vMX100, VM’s and additional resources. I have used the Azure portal / Resource manager to create the virtual network, virtual subnets and virtual gateways as well. We terminate via VPN and ExpressRoute. We set up two separate instances because of Corporate migration strategies and security requirements. I had to associate the appropriate gateways to the appropriate virtual gateway. In addition, I created a root certificate and associated it to the VPN gateway for the client VPN software. We had to distribute the certificate pfx file which must be installed on the gateway and distributed to users with VPN Software.
Currently, I am in the mist of migrating the firewall security platform from Cisco ASA/Firepower Management Center to Palo Alto firewalls with Panorama Administration.
In the past 10 months due to COVID-19 we have experienced a high volume of VPN users thus pushing me and my team to build a new VM ASA and to bridge the execution to migrate over to a more robust solution, which is the Palo Alto 5250 and VM 200 VPN solution.
I use logic Monitor and SolarWinds to manage the network monitoring aspects for infrastructure devices. We are developing runbooks, best practice and training materials with all new deployments. We are also migrating to a more robust load balancer platform with FortinetADC equipment from the legacy Kemp load balancer equipment. I am leading the migration efforts in physical installation, equipment configurations, VIP migrations and system administration.

World Wide Technology May 2013 – January 31 - 2020
Senior Network Engineer
Darrye’s daily responsibility to the SWA (Southwest Airlines) project is to engage the customer’s management team and employees through team meetings, Remedy tickets and emails to organize and implement firewall security policies via an organized change control process. These activities ranges from physically implementing Cisco ASA firewalls from scratch, migrating Cisco ASA to Firepower NGFW and Threat Center, upgrading the IOS, implementing Juniper Netscreen firewalls, modifying policies that exist, updating routing, running SQL queries through a tool called Firemon. With this tool Firemon, we have the capabilities of discovering current network objects within all of the enterprise firewall configurations. This allows us to audit, create and report various changes and to implement new policies where necessary. We ran reports that are required to support quarterly audits for PCI compliance. Darrye submitted weekly and monthly progress reports to the management team. At the first phase of the project Darrye was the lead security engineer that designed the implementation plan used to upgrade all Juniper appliances to PCI compliance level. On the Cisco appliances Darrye wrote the IOS upgrade process and documented the process for other engineers to unitize and modify as needed. This project is and continues to be a successful engagement.

CBRE Inc. November 2012 - May 2013
Senior Systems Engineer
Daily responsibility on the operations and implementation team supporting new office and corporate network upgrades. Support to of ASA, Juniper, Cisco, Solarwinds, Opnet and Infoblox resources. Included in Darrye’s daily and weekly tasks were to architecture infrastructure improvements, enhanced network documentation and implement change requests that affect the edge, distribution, core and access layer of the infrastructure. Darrye participated on conference calls and submit PO order for hardware from GDT, ordered circuits from AT&T or Verizon for CBRE’s remote office locations. Darrye’s role as a senior systems engineer was to assist with mentoring junior level engineers and enhance communication with executive staff on technical solutions that addressed the business requirements.
My role was to conduct UCS server implementation and UCM management on a daily basis. Building translations patterns, updating users' profile, calling search spaces, hunt groups, hunt pilots, build AAR groups, updating and building device pools, importing and Taping in Cisco phones. Darrye’s role was an expanded level to support upgrades and daily operations of the Cisco Call Manager and Cisco Contact Center.
Hands on Nexus 5k, 7k administration and various Cisco router/ASA move, adds and changes. Darrye work on IOS upgrades and troubleshot various monitoring and daily management of various types of Cisco products. Darrye built VPN tunnels to various parts of the business or decommission VPN tunnels and sites as needed by the organization and business partners.

GameStop Inc. Aug 2010 – November 2012
Senior Network Engineer – VOIP

Darrye’s role consists of the following tasks and more. Configuring VoIP DSP, extension mobility and roaming profiles in 3 corporate locations for GameStop and importing profiles via the BAT (Bulk Administration Tool) tool. Darrye utilized a solid foundation of routing and switching on the Cisco platform – FWSM, 6513, ASA5800, 7206 VXR. Darrye was instrumental in the network design collaboration with Cisco Inc. Route/Switch implementation team.

●Extensive experience with CUCM v7.0 – 8.51(Call Manager, dial plans, route patterns, device pools etc.).
●Experience with Cisco Unity 7.0 administration, licensing and template creation.
●Cisco IP Phones various models – 7945, 7965, 6921 and 7937 conference room phones.
●Deployed Cisco UCS 7800 Series servers for Unity Voice Domain support.
●Experience configuring and deploying Cisco 3800 and 3900 series integrated services routers/ VoIP gateways.
●Experience integrating with PRI and SIP PSTNs and installing VWic cards for analog lines and devices.
●Configuring Voice and Data Vlans, configuring 2750 E and X model POE switches for VoIP phone connectivity. Darrye was also a member of the enterprise disaster recovery team for the network infrastructure and all VoIP systems for GameStop.

Citi (contract via Apex Systems) June 2010 - Aug 2010
Senior Network Engineer

Large scale BGP / MPLS implementation and design responsibilities for a financial system consolidation project at the core and distribution layer. Mainly this project focused on BGP peering and QoS project to standardize CitiGroup’s enterprise platform to have service providers as the core layer instead of having the service supported at their datacenter router/switch fabric. In addition, Darrye provided BoM (bill of materials) to various business units to refresh all 6500 series routers to 6500E chassis and upgraded DFC line cards for increased throughput. Darrye’s role included upgrading the access layer switches, distribution layer switches/routers, core layer routers and edge routers including circuits to Citi’s main campus, remote offices and data centers.

General Datatech (contract via Teksystems) November 2009 - May 2010
SP Systems Network Engineer

General Datatech is a Certified Cisco Gold Integration Partner delivering world-class network infrastructure professional services. GDT offered an extensive range of capabilities not usually found within the same company, including installation of multicast protocol routing into Plano ISD network for video over IP via Safari technology.
As a DirecTV consultant we implemented new 6748 line cards and DFC daughter card plus 2 gig memory upgrades. In addition, this included updating the OSPF process and renumbering OSPF point to point peers. As a resource for Verizon I staged 3800, CRS-1, 6500, Juniper MX960, Juniper EPC 8216 and Cisco 4507 series switches.
Network Equipment Sales
Engineering Services
Routing and Switching
IP Telephony
Security
Wireless
Equipment Staging and Warehousing
Large-Scale Deployment Services
Staff Augmentation Services

Citi (contract via Disys) January 2009- October 2009 (10 months)
Senior Network Consultant

Large scale BGP / MPLS implementation and design responsibilities for a financial system consolidation project at the core and distribution layer. Mainly this project focused on BGP peering and QoS project to standardize CitiGroup’s enterprise platform to have service providers as the core layer instead of having the service supported at their datacenter router/switch fabric.

PepsiCo (contract via Disys) May 2007- December 2008 (1 year 8 months)
Senior Network Architect
Worked on several projects implementing WAN/LAN technology for VoIP and Cisco WAAS
Included staging, upgrades for complex routing environments.
Built Vlans, trunked ports, port-channel updates, VLAN naming scheme, managed IP address re-numbering and updating CATOS to IOS migrations.

Darrye executed hands on job functions such as managing lab routers, switches and the Cisco Call manager for the VoIP rollout. Installing IP phones 7941, 7960 and several other types of IP phones. In addition, Darrye Skinner managed the PLM and uses test tools to capture metrics and recorded those finding in Mercury Quality Center. Darrye Skinner also assisted in deploying the new Sapphire DHCP/DNS solution for PepsiCo domain name resolution and IP address management.

BT-INS Inc. (American Airlines) January 2006 – May 2007
●Senior Network Engineer
My role was to augment the network team by facilitating the following. Network Design, Network Management Systems, Security (policy/procedure/compliance-SOX,GLBA,COBIT, etc.. as well as Ethical Hacking, Identity Management, Firewall Engineering, etc..), Convergence- IPT-VOIP, Microsoft Business Solutions (AD, Exchange, EPM, Sharepoint, etc..) Storage both SAN and NAS, BCDR services, Virtualization, Project Management, and Business ITIL consulting.

Perot Systems 2005 - 2006 (1 1/2 years)
Senior Network Engineer
Deployed Cisco 1850, 6509, 2950, 7200 Series routers and switches.
Darrye was a field consultant deploying Cisco equipment to Vanguard car rental companies. Daily support of the infrastructure and wireless network systems via Remedy tickets.
Darrye worked on-call as an escalation point of contact and managed several aspects of the new technology roll-outs.
Darrye planned tests, documented procedures and participated on conference calls during deployment upgrades.

Verizon Business - WorldCom 2000 — 2004 (4 years)
Senior Network Architect
Darrye designed local & wide area network, server farms, asset management and procurement services. Daily duties included composing technical operational documents for deployment of Cisco products. Identified business requirements and strategically developed solutions that reduced operations cost to add value to Verizon Business Infrastructure.

Deloitte Consulting 1998 - 2000 (2 years)
Senior Lead Consultant
Designed commercial client’s networks for T1 line setup, testing and integration. Designed and developed national award-winning process for Load Management Operations manufacturing on GM’s Malibu vehicle assembly line server farm.
Designed and developed the Enterprise Management System for maintaining and operating for RailTex Infrastructure with HP Openview and Cisco Products. Integration of the telecommunications and computer services departments into a synergistic solution for AT&T operations center.

IBM Global Services 1995 - 1998 (3 years)
Senior Consultant

Developed the help desk application ticketing system, desktop support processes, local & wide area network Visio diagrams, server farms administration, asset management and procurement services. Identified business requirements, developed routing solutions, reduced network costs by consolidating layer 2 functions into one 5500 series switch and added procedural structure to IBM’s enterprise solutions for move, adds and changes within the network.

Accenture (formerly Andersen Consulting) 1988 — 1995 (7 years)
Consultant

Tested BayNetwork products, Cisco products, Microsoft servers with Compaq Raid enabled hardware for hardware redundancy. Darrye implemented various WAN connectivity, DSU/CSU, responsible for RAS access, remote security architecture, and developed help desk implementation strategies to support synergies that allowed for replication to Accenture’s commercial client sites.

Education:

University of Phoenix Phoenix, AZ (Dallas, Texas Campus)

Master of Information Systems - MIS 11/2008 - 2/2010
3.63 GPA

American Sentinel University, Aurora, CO

Bachelor of Information Systems, BSIS Computer Science 1/2000 - 2/2003
3.18 GPA

Cisco Systems San Jose, CA
CCNA CSCO10017324
CUCMB Certificate 11/2010
CCNA Boot Camp 200-125
CCX
CCNP Bootcamp 2019 and Certificate
CMNA - Certified Meraki Network Associate - Certified 2017 renewed 2019
Cisco Firepower Securing Networks with Cisco Firepower Threat Defense NGFW
Palo Alto Firewall Certificate / Training - Panorama Admin Tool
Checkpoint Firewalls
Aruba Wifi
Microsoft Redmond, WA
MCSE 2000
Skills
Routing/switching/SDN/DNA (ACI, SD-WAN) - 10 plus years
Microsoft Azure - 3 years
AWS Cloud - 5 years
F5 Load Balancer – 7 years experience
●Configuration and Troubleshooting of F5 load balancers in a GTM and LTM setup.
FortiGate 100, 200 series Firewalls.
Setup and configuration, firmware upgrades, policies and implementation through the FortiManager. I have configured the forti switches and FortiWireless Controller. Full Build out. I have implemented 524D switches in FortiFabric mode and Independent.
FortiADC Load Balancer 200
●VIP and pool member configuration
●Certificate installation and maintenance
●VLAN configuration and health check monitoring of URL’s, VIP’s and Pool members
Cisco ACI SDN Experience:
I have used this since 2017 and started working with it Southwest Airlines
●Cisco Application Centric Infrastructure (ACI) is a software-defined networking (SDN) solution designed for data centers. Cisco ACI allows network infrastructure to be defined based upon network policies – simplifying, optimizing, and accelerating the application deployment lifecycle.

US Navy
Honorable Discharge
Hobbies:
Spending time with family
Traveling, hiking, visiting museums and attending concerts
Working out with friends and family
Awards:
Letter of Commendation from the US Navy
Letter of recognition from the NSBE – Southern Methodist University
Community Involvement:
Habitat for humanity
Worked with the United Way Campaign at Citi group and Andersen Consulting to raise over 800K
Work as a mentor of InRoads program for 5 years, grooming young professionals at Accenture - Andersen Consulting
Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity Initiatives
References:
Upon Request
Contact this candidate