Thomas Lewis
Network Engineer
**** ******* *****, ***** ********, 30088
678-***-****
ad39ps@r.postjobfree.com

Professional summary
Network Engineer with an impressive 17+ years of experience, exhibiting a robust history in planning, developing, and troubleshooting both local and wide area networks. Renowned for delivering comprehensive network services and optimizing performance, with a focus on working with Aruba routers, switches, wireless, and Cisco Catalyst 6500 series routers. Showcases technical prowess and tenacity in implementing and configuring Cisco Fortinet and Palo Alto firewalls. Notable for a global perspective, having supported client protocols for esteemed institutions like Texas A&M, University of Texas, and Boston University. A versatile team contributor with solid problem-solving skills, offering a wealth of experience and refined industry-related training to a dynamic team.
Employment history
Hewlett Packard Enterprise Network Engineer Atlanta, GA
Apr 2015 - Feb 2020
• Planned, designed, developed and troubleshot local area networks (LANs) as well as wide area networks (WANs) to maximize availability of all network delivered services. • Have worked with Aruba routers/switches and wireless, Cisco Catalyst 6500 series routers/switch technologies including Catalyst 4K/6K, Nexus 2K/5K/7K, ISR 3800 and 3900 Cisco ASA equipment. • Supported Cisco 5508 Wireless Controllers as well as installed Cisco access points. • Installed Cisco ISE architecture to support both stand-alone and distributed environments. • Implemented and configured Cisco Fortinet and Palo Alto firewalls. • Worked with Nexus, Aruba clearpass Dynamic routing protocols: BGP, OSPF, MPLS, VGP, VoIP, and SIP. • Delivered comprehensive network services, and performance to scale optimizing existing campus core to improve distribution of network traffic.
RICOH Network Specialist, Sr. Atlanta, GA
Dec 2014 - Feb 2015
• Reconfigured each server in the Hyper-V environment, maintained all configurations regularly to ensure all applications ran properly, delivered comprehensive network services, performance using Cisco Catalyst 6500 Series, coordinated, installed, and maintained documentation for services performed.
• Supported dynamic routing protocols of EIGRP and BGP to optimize all network hardware, software and communication, used Remedy/Force to log incident tickets. Supported and escalated tickets to higher tiered specialists, as needed.
SUNTRUST BANK Network Specialist, Sr. Atlanta, GA
Feb 2013 - Feb 2014
Supported each server owner for each application, and server that was being migrated from VMware and Hyper-V, supported Microsoft office suite, Windows 7, AS 400 and other applications, performed remote diagnostics, troubleshot, installed and assisted scheduled system modifications, acted as liaison between each server owner and application owner to ensure migrations were stable and ran efficiently after each upgrade.
MOREHOUSE COLLEGE Network Specialist, Sr. Atlanta, GA
Apr 2009 - Aug 2012
Planned, designed, developed and troubleshot local area network (LANs) and wide area network (WANs) to stabilize availability of network delivered services (including dormitories).
Supported dynamic routing protocols of EIGRP and BGP to optimize all network hardware, software and communication, used Remedy/Force to log incident tickets. Supported and escalated tickets to higher tiered specialists, as needed.
GRADY HEALTH SYSTEMS Desktop Specialist Atlanta, GA
Apr 2006 - Aug 2009
Provided daily client support services to faculty and staff, responded to all client support requests across the system.
Acted as a liaison between Grady Health Systems, Emory and Morehouse Schools of Medicine, installed and configured bar-coded printers throughout Grady.
Configured and disseminated Grady applications that related directly to patient care, performed testing, inventory and documentation of all projects, HIPAA requirements reviewer ensured customers understood how HPAA relates to patient confidentiality.
MOREHOUSE SCHOOL OF MEDICINE Network Engineer Atlanta, GA
May 2003 - Jan 2006
Primarily responsible for troubleshooting and maintaining all Grady Health Systems based Morehouse faculty and staff including hardware (routers, servers, desktops, laptops, LAN and WAN connectivity) and software.
Upgraded Morehouse campus’ Oracle server in Payroll department, upgraded Human Resource server, setup/configured web server for web developers, setup PBX system in Telecommunications department, performed testing, inventory and documentation of all projects, upgraded Information Technology Services servers.
Education
Southern New Hampshire University, Atlanta, GA Bachelor of Information Systems and Cybersecurity
2020 - 2023
Activities and Societies: Members of Association of Information Technology Professionals
ITT Tech Associates Degree in Computer Networking Systems

ATG Advanced Technologies Group (ATG) Cisco Certified Network Administrator (CCNA)
2010

Atlanta College of Medical and Dental Careers, Atlanta, GA Medical Laboratory Technician
1994
Achievements: Deans’ List for 4 terms GPA: 3.50, Member of American Medical Technologist Association
New Horizons Computer Learning Center, Atlanta, GA Microsoft Windows Workstation 2007, Microsoft Server 2008, Microsoft Network Essentials 2008

Skills
Operations Maintenance
Process Improvements
Staff Development
Performance Monitoring
System Enhancements
Staff Training
Technical Skills
Customer Service Skills
Analyzing and Resolving Complex Issues
Building High Performance Team Members
Work Ethic
Broad-based Knowledge
Persistence
Patience
Adaptability
Network Engineering
LAN Troubleshooting
WAN Troubleshooting
Aruba Routers/Switches
Cisco Catalyst 6500 Series Routers/Switches
Catalyst 4K/6K
Nexus 2K/5K/7K
ISR 3800 and 3900 Cisco ASA Equipment
Cisco 5508 Wireless Controllers
Cisco Access Points
Cisco ISE Architecture
Cisco Fortinet and Palo Alto Firewalls
Nexus
Aruba Clearpass
Dynamic Routing Protocols: BGP, OSPF, MPLS, VGP, VoIP, SIP
Network Services
Performance Optimization
Hyper-V Environment
Cisco Catalyst 6500 Series
EIGRP
BGP
Remedy/Force
Microsoft Office Suite
Windows 7
AS 400
VMware
HIPAA Requirements
Grady Health Systems
Emory and Morehouse Schools of Medicine
Bar-coded Printers
Patient Care
Morehouse School of Medicine
Hardware Troubleshooting
Software Troubleshooting
Oracle Server
Web Server
PBX System
Information Technology Services
Medical Laboratory Technician
Microsoft Windows Workstation 2007
Microsoft Server 2008
Microsoft Network Essentials 2008
Army Service Ribbon
Overseas Service Ribbon
Good Conduct Medal
Contact this candidate