GET IN CONTACT
Mobile: +91-997*******
Email: ad3dnu@r.postjobfree.com
PERSONAL DETAILS
Total Experience 9 Years 0 Month
Current Location Pune
Date of Birth Dec 18, 1988
Gender Male
SKILLS
Cisco Switches
Cisco Routers
Cisco Wireless
Aci
ISE
Netscaler
Aruba Wireless
Load Balancing
CIsco DNAC
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Cisco Networking
Netscaler
Implementation And Maintenance
Support Services
Firewall Management
Riverbed WAN Optimizer
Cisco Data Center
LANGUAGES KNOWN
Marathi
Hindi
English
COURSES & CERTIFICATIONS
Hardware & Networking
CCNA
MCITP
PROFILE SUMMARY
As a present Senior Network Engineer with a
proven track record, I am skilled in effectively
managing enterprise-wide networks for large-
scale operations. I meticulously plan, implement,
and continuously enhance infrastructure and
controls to ensure compliance with evolving
operational and security requirements.
Furthermore, I excel in customer relationship
management and provide account support on a
daily basis, resolving issues pertaining to
switching, routing, firewall, load balancer, and
Wi-Fi. I am proficient in utilizing tools such as
SolarWinds and ServiceNow DNA to streamline
processes and maintain optimal network
performance. With a strong focus on installing
and maintaining secure and efficient networking
architectures, I am committed to driving
organizational success.
EDUCATION HISTORY
Post Graduation
Course MBA/PGDM( Information Technology )
College MITMS
Year of Passing 2016
Graduation
Course B.Com( Commerce )
College North Maharashtra University (NMU)
Year of Passing 2013
WORK EXPERIENCE
May 2021 to Present
Sr. Network Engineer at Zensar
LAN,WAN,FIREWALL,SWITCHES, ROUTER,WLC,ACCESS
POINT,SERVERS,ITIL
Working as L3 Network Admin in technology Cisco Routing and Switching, Firewall, Cisco WLAN, Aruba Wireless, Aruba CPPM, Cisco ISE, Cisco DNA-C
Manage and support of network part of BAU and Project, Prod, Dev work for client EBRD bank responsible and daily working on environment support.
Manage and maintaining Aruba clear pass LAN and Wifi kulbhushan pardeshi
Experienced Network Engineer with 9 years of professional expertise Palo Alto
CCNP
SOCIAL LINKS
https://www.linkedin.com/
also Wifi and cisco WIFI controller of remote 44 residential location and UK HQ office.
Working on new request and existing changes in cisco ISE and ACI.
Tools: DNAC and Incident management tools like Service- now, Solarwind and lantronix console, cisco stealthwatch Troubleshooting and resolving issues related to Cisco DNA Center and its associated components.
Understanding and implementing network assurance and monitoring using DNAC.
Cisco ISE deployment, configuration, and integration with network devices and services.
Experience with authentication protocols such as 802.1X, MAB (MAC Authentication Bypass), and EAP (Extensible Authentication Protocol).
Knowledge of implementing Network Access Control (NAC) policies using Cisco ISE.
Proficiency in creating and managing policy sets,
conditions, and rules within ISE.
Citrix Netscaler ADC, VPX load balancer managing and deploying new VIP request, services, getaway, also handle certificate chain SSL, intermediate and Root CA certificates Jun 2019 to Aug 2020
Network Administrator at Mercedes Benz Research
and Development India Pvt. Ltd.
Implementing Firewall rules in Fortigate firewall 800D & 300D as per application requirement and post-check for connectivity of users and services.
Working according to the ITIL framework of IT incident, request and task management.
Configuration and troubleshooting of network issues related to switching, and firewall, WLC, Port Enabling, IPsec VPN setups, VLAN trunking Load balancer.
Supporting QIP mac registration to allow corporate WLAN access to devices through WLAN controller 5508 and managing lightweight AP configuration.
Monitoring network Core and Access switches firewall, Router using Solar winds.
Data Centers Network connectivity also all campus. Apr 2014 to May 2019
Network Engineer at MATRIX PVT.LTD.
troubleshooting, and maintenance of all network devices & Updating network equipment to the latest firmware
releases.
Hands on Experiences on Managing gajshield Firewall, police access restrictions, Natting Web-servers.
Networking fundamentals including configuration of switches, routers, firewall applications.
Providing support at all levels of network, software, hardware, printers, Firewall, Wifi, WLC, AP operations issues at customer's all location sites.
IP addressing and sub netting, VLSM, FLSM, Static Route, default Route
Working knowledge of L2 Switching Attacks VLAN, ARP, MAC,DHCP, STP.
Maintenance Domain mail Groups, users, also manage Poseidon2 3268 server sensor control monitoring system. Managed Windows network infrastructure, including Active Directory, Group Policy, Fileserver, Symantec admin console.
Aug 2013 to Feb 2014
tech support at Etechies.in
installation &amc,maintenance,network issues,laptop related issues,troubleshoot, etc
Feb 2012 to Jan 2013
Desktop support at universal technology jalgaon
PROJECTS
Wireless Serve, 639 Days
Wireless Project For Info beans.
Physical Survey, Spectrum, Active Passive.
Designing and implementing wireless architectures (Cisco Aironet APs and Cisco 2504 series controllers
Install Cisco 3850-24+3850-12 (10GSwitch) with stacking and 2960x switches
Implement VLAN for Management, Server, Data, Voice, Wireless and CCTV
Configure IP Phones 3905,8845,8865 in CUCM and
configured CIPC
Cisco Aironet APs and Cisco 2504 series controllers. Study and plan the network needs of clients
Design, install, and monitor network setup
OTHER INTERESTS
Cricket and cooking.
Contact this candidate