JASON MONTGOMERY
**** ***** **** **. • Carrollton, TX 75007 • 972-***-**** • ad3dze@r.postjobfree.com SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
More than twenty nine years of progressive business experience. More than twenty two years of this experience has been in the Telecommunications industry. Successful service in electronics implementation, operations, supervision, and business ownership. Detail-oriented with strong supervisory and team-building skills. Strong organizational, communication and problem-solving skills. Exceptional ability to adapt and quickly master challenges. High-energy leader, resourceful and thorough. Good knowledge of business best practices and building a profitable and successful enterprise. Skilled in both fiber optic telecom and networking electronics and wireless system implementation. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Altice USA/Optimum (fka-SuddenLink) Senior Optical Network Engineer April 2022 – Present
Planning, architect and supports reliable optical solutions for products and offerings. Perform tasks of very high complexity relating to the installation, maintenance, service/troubleshooting (problem analysis) of transport equipment (SONET, digital, DWDM, analog, and telephony) including fiber equipment, MUX/DEMUX, and status monitoring systems.
Support of CWDM and DWDM Network Transport hardware including, Infinera systems/DNA, Cisco 15454 systems/ Prime/CTM/CTC and Nokia 1830PSS/NFMT.
Provides for procedural, informational and training documentation. Develop design criteria for testing of new technologies coordinating with all Engineering and operations. Respond to, diagnose, and resolve technical issues in relation to the Internet delivery systems, Voice over IP and Commercial/Lightpath services.
GTT Communications (formerly Airband Communications/UNSi Communications) Field Engineer September 2013 – March 2022
Install, maintain and repair network and customer premise equipment for the purpose of delivering data and telephony services to customers via wireless or wire line solutions. Maintain network electronics, sites, ancillary equipment, vehicles, test equipment, and tools through routine and demand maintenance. Install or reconfigure network elements, customer premise equipment, and/or circuits as required by work packages to manufacturer/company specifications. Interact with customers during the service delivery process. Monitor compliance by others including engineering standards, safety standards, federal, state, and local laws and regulations. Use logical troubleshooting techniques to rapidly identify and replace defective components during a system/ customer outage, impairment, and/or trouble ticket. Respond to call outs, repair system electronics and system power equipment. Ensure proper functionality of restoration supplies and practices for emergency use. Review all engineering, site and network documentation for accuracy. Document all maintenance
(preventative and corrective), installation and de-installation actions, circuit and equipment testing. Update databases and complete reports to ensure optimum network operability. PEG Bandwidth – The Colony, Texas Site Installation Manager November 2012 – August 2013
Managed, scheduled and coordinated all wireless site activities and personnel. Occasionally installed, tested and turned up telecommunication equipment. Responsible for the physical inside and outside plant network activities at and inside the wireless tower owner’s property in various geographic areas. Provided technical direction to ensure alignment between internal and external groups to deliver services in a timely manner. Coordinated site walks, installation of hand holes, cabinets, and maintained status on a daily tracker. Ordered materials, coordinated and verified easement information, drew from scratch or redlined drawing and scheduled connection of DC power. Monitored and reported status of site installations to the director of OSP on a daily basis. Airband Communications – Addison, Texas Field Engineer December 2010 – October 2012
Install, maintain and repair network and customer premise equipment for the purpose of delivering data and telephony services to customers via wireless or wire line solutions. Maintain network electronics, sites, ancillary equipment, vehicles, test equipment, and tools through routine and demand maintenance. Install or reconfigure network elements, customer premise equipment, and/or circuits as required by work packages to manufacturer/company specifications. Interact with customers during the service delivery process. Monitor compliance by others including engineering standards, safety standards, federal, state, and local laws and regulations. Use logical troubleshooting techniques to rapidly identify and replace defective components during a system/ customer outage, impairment, and/or trouble ticket. Respond to call outs, repair system electronics and system power equipment. Ensure proper functionality of restoration supplies and practices for emergency use. Review all engineering, site and network documentation for accuracy. Document all maintenance
(preventative and corrective), installation and de-installation actions, circuit and equipment testing. Update databases and complete reports to ensure optimum network operability. Texas Treasures From Trees – Burnet, Texas Owner
May 2010 – Present
Build, market and sell custom furniture throughout the State of Texas. Create standard pieces as well as custom furniture for customers per their specifications. Offer a lifetime guarantee to ensure customer satisfaction. Emphasis on superior craftsmanship and exceptional customer service.
Erf Wireless – League City, Texas Director of Field Operations/Projects Manager December 2009 – May 2010
Managed a large diverse wireless internet service provider (WISP) network and supervised assigned staff. Assisted Sales to develop additional products to drive revenue and interacted with senior staff on project development and status. Supervised technical and administrative staff including subordinate managers, subcontractors, customer service representatives and technical support call center staff. Performed personnel actions including hiring, firing, scheduling, reviews and recruitment. Responsible for profitability and revenue growth. Performed business development services including the preparation and review of technical and cost proposals. Assured quality of products, services, and deliverables including participating in reviews, audits, and site visits. Researched and verified data in weekly status reports such as balances, costs, funding, and calculations. Performed program financial management services which included financial analysis, budget and cost quote preparation, cost management, reconciliation, and profit enhancement. Served as a liaison with Network Engineering to coordinate activities, negotiate tasks, and solve problems. Ensured compliance with relevant corporate and government policies and standards. JaMCO Services – Burnet, Texas Owner/Operator
February 2009 – December 2009
Build, market and sell custom furnishings in the Central Texas Area. Sell and install water leak detection systems as well as custom remodels, repair and maintenance for high-end homes. Family business built to profitability in less than one year with special emphasis on superior craftsmanship and customer service. BUGZ PEST & LAWN LLC – Burnet, Texas Lead Installation and Assistant Business Manager January 2008 – May 2009
Assistant to business operations manager. Develop business processes and plans. Market and sell services to customer base. Improved installations cost base by 20% by identifying more cost effective materials and processes. Responsible for planning and supervising the activities of 4 teams. Assisted with installation training/support of new franchisees. AIRBAND COMMUNICATIONS – Dallas, Texas Senior Project Manager November 2007 – January 2008
Planned and managed all wireless backbone and customer as well as special projects. Direct responsibility for special network optimization projects with 7 network regions and approximately 50 direct and contract personnel. Rolled out service in 6 cities. Managed company fleet operations. MGI NETWORKS – Austin, Texas – Implementation Manager July 2007 – November 2007
Managed installation crews for customer contracts. Managed the Airband West Coast branch implementation, including optimization and integration of existing Redwire plant into Airband network. Received certification from Turin Networks and Alvarion WiMax systems.
LEVEL 3 COMMUNICATIONS (formerly BROADWING COMMUNICATIONS) – Austin, Texas Field Supervisor - February 2005 – July 2007
Maintained 24 facilities along 800 miles of fiber optic network. Supervised 7 field technicians based throughout Texas. Senior member of the Broadwing Disaster Recovery Team. Responsible for site upgrades and repair, all circuit turn-ups and dig tickets, fiber restoration and project management. Implementation and Test Supervisor - August 2000 – February 2005 Supervised more than 45 direct and contract personnel expanding the Broadwing network. Managed approximately 25 projects at any given time. Estimated manpower, scheduled completion dates and monitored progress of projects, bringing all in on time with within budget.
Associate Engineer - May 1998 – August 2000
Designed, specified and managed projects involving implementation of telecommunications transmission systems on more than 15,000 route miles of new fiber construction. Developed and managed project budgets, obtained funding, managed implementation and logistics. Projects were on time and within budget. Shipping/Receiving Technician - March 1997 – May 1998 GRAYBAR ELECTRIC – Austin, Texas
Counter Sales Representative - October 1995 – March 1997 UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS – Camp Pendleton, California Warehouseman - September 1992 – September 1995
EDUCATION & CERTIFICATIONS
Fujitsu USA
Turin Networks
Alvarion -Breezenet WiMax
Tellabs NGX
Cisco
OTDR – BERT – Spectrum Analyzers – Optical power meters ITT Technical Institute, Austin, Texas – Associates, Electronics Engineering Technology, 1998, 3.7 GPA
Wyoming Technical Institute, Laramie, Wyoming - Automotive Technology Certification, 1990
RECOGNITION
- Graduated from ITT Tech with Honors and was inducted into the National-Vocational Technical Honor Society, 1998
- USMC - Letter of Appreciation for successfully routing more than 100 maintenance requests using proper and correct procedures while on an United States presence exhibition in Kuwait, 1994
- USMC - Meritorious Mast for exceptional initiative and careful attention to duty while in the Marine Corps at Camp Pendleton, 1993 – 1995
Contact this candidate