Matt Mehtar_ **** Lupine Cir, Corona Ca *****
949-***-**** ad3dbm@r.postjobfree.com
Summary
Results oriented IT Network Engineer and Projects Management, Expert with Tradigng floor, Lan and WAN appliances, an excellent hand on technical enginner providing support to users and team leader and interpersonal skill, Excellent, latest technology skill, organize and developed strong team of high level technical support experienced with all Information Technology positions and leading. Hands on support dealing with Vendors and team members solving issues, providing solutions, Training the teams and end users on Systems and Software. Microsoft Server Admin AD Azure Sync and online exchange manager, office365, cloud management, Accounts portfolio manager WatchGuard Firewalls deployment and cloud base manager for the WatchGuard portfolio, who is creative in identifying and designing effective solutions to meet the current needs and future expectations of business Team leader with effective communication and enforcing the companied guidelines and rules. Team mentor end, user trainer. WIFI cloud deployment and management. More than 20 years hands-on, Level 1, 2 and 3 experience in desktop, network, and Systems management and support hardware and software applications in major corporations Extensive leading-edge IT experience in delivering exceptional customer satisfaction and improving overall operations, Skilled at organizing complex projects, defining project priorities, and delegating tasks within IT workgroups and with 3rd- party vendors
Experienced at developing Help Desk Operations for efficient problem solving. Strong interpersonal, communicative, and organizational skills Experienced in supervising I.T. desktop and network administration staff Intuitive analytical ability to resolve network, system, PC, printer and application-level solution Proficient in project management including requirements, evaluation, solution selection, implementation and documentation.
Education
• 4 years Computer SCIENCE UCLA Year 2000 3.75 GPA
2 Years College OCC Computer Systems Micro Computer Networking and Desktop Management Computers Microsoft Software
Other Course Work
- Reuters, Bloomberg, real time data delivery engineer.
- MSP Remote support for more than 300 site nationwide.
- Microsoft Azure cloud management. O365 Management. Online Exchange and applications.
- WatchGuard Management Hands-on. Deployment, Upgrade, Monitoring Analysis.
Domain Server Setup and Management
Trading Floor servers broadcast for news and stock market - Reuters NY
Trading dealing work stations and servers and real time date delivery -Reuters NY
Web Based Trading workstations-VPN-Web Feed Reuters NY
PTP communications for real time trading floor data delivery -Reuters NY
Texas Instruments University / New Horizons
Microsoft Windows Server Active Directory
CISCO Advanced Switches and Router Configurations and Support
CISCO Interdiction to witching and Router Configuration - ICND, ACRC, CIT
Dell Certified hardware replacement for Laptops and Desktops
Dell Certified Hardware replacement and Warranty, Troubleshooting, 2006
Texas Instruments University / New Horizons
Microsoft Windows Server Active Directory
CISCO Switching and Routing
Advanced Cisco Switching and Routing
CNE Netware 3.12
CNA Netware 3.12
Dell Certified hardware replacement for Laptops and Desktops
Real Time Data Delivery Trading workstations..
Trinity Property Consultants Irvine CA
IT Manager/Projects Manager June 2016 - Dec 2023
Managing the IT department of 12 IT employees on their day to day issues. Conducting interviews for new hires and annual reviews for the exiting IT employees.
Implementing and Managing the technology infrastructure for the company nationwide.
Working with the team on any issues that raised to providing solutions.
Coordinating weekly meetings and providing support to the team improving their IT skills on the Helpdesk and supporting the users by implementing training plans and cross training. And go over the SLA and level of services provided to the customers.
Implementing and monitoring the onboarding and of boarding process for the company nationwide.
Upgrading, Monitoring, installing network gears for the LAN and the WAN.
Transforming the network from on premises to the cloud to become a 100% cloud based company.
Monitoring the lifecycle equipment and systems, putting plans to upgrade Firewalls, Routers, Switches and Desktops computers.
Implementing cloud structure firewalls integrated with secured WIFI infrastructure nationwide.
Traveling to the remote offices to audit, upgrade and implement a secure network and WIFI infrastructure connected to the corporate office network.
Audit and revise costs to with the vendors to get significant savings for the company.
Running projects and implementing the project to be completed on time.
Setting up the team to be more productive by providing information and work plan to extend their production and workflow.
The ability to work with the company’s VPs, Directors, Managers and staff by having respectful and outstanding personality for an excellent customer service.
Setup and Coordinate training for the team and employees when we implement new technology to the company
”Transferring to O365 suit, I created courses and training for the all 2000 employees”.
Portfolio manager for all ISP providing service to the company nationwide, Monitoring and negotiating operation costs.
Systems Administrator hands-on systems admin for Azure, O365, Backup, Restore, Exchange online, governance setting up Azure Sync and monitoring the process on a daily bases.
Outstanding technical problem solving on WAN and LAN connectivity working with vendors and ISP to resolved issues as they raise.
Setup and monitor WIFI cloud solutions for the company nationwide via cloud managed applications using WatchGuard Firewalls and WIFI management and configuration.
Starting up projects, doing a due diligent to complete a successful project collecting information, assigning rules and implementing the setup, working with onsite team, vendors, remote techs and being onsite to complete the project.
Part of the management team to setup the company annual conference stage in Las Vegas working with Audio and Video production engineer setting up presentations and run down scripts.
Implementing cloud Backup for Office365 and Azure AD for all employees.
Setup O365 licenses and domain with different license levels.
Setting up EPO and monitor the network security, Drive Encryptions, Cloud EPO, Microsoft, Mcafe, and any other application, educating the employees as they are the first defiance against malware and viruses. Fox Television Stations Inc. KTTV-KCOP-My13 Los Angeles IT Manager/Network Administrator August 2008 - March 2016
Systems Technical Manager providing leadership for IT infrastructure Servers, desktop, Backup, Anti-Virus Server EPO and management support for all systems and servers including AVAYA Phone system in the TV stations, Project manager for the news rooms upgrades and refreshing to new look, deploying new systems and technology, Real-time data delivery and trading floor for Fox TV engineer. Expert of the latest technology for IT systems and management, expert of Microsoft Office Suite or related software plus training, outstanding organizational skills and attention to detail, analytical and management skill, excellent interpersonal skills.
Through understanding of IT and practical applications to support the company’s goals. communication and enforcing the companied guidelines and rules. Managing projects for the company Deploying Systems, Detail-oriented mindset with excellent problem-solving skills Projects Management role for systems upgrades, new standards testing software and hardware implementation new Images for deployment throughout the company.
Sox reports and compliance testing for all IT systems providing reporting to the GM and CFO.
Setting up budget for the stations foreseen upgrades and new developments. CCTV, structure and low Voltage cabling projects. Working with many vendors and service providers as I am a premier engineer with multi CCTV companies like, Spectrum, Comcast Business Cox TV and network, IP and telephony.
Administer for Windows Desktops and user base using Active Directory tools
Supervised efficiency upgrades through new hardware deployment
Monitor Enterprise network issues nationwide support and problem solving maintaining health of network on MPLS and PPTP.
Performed email administration and email client setup using Outlook over exchange
Proving System and Network Support for day to day issues throughout the client network configuring hardware, software nationwide using remote tools
Performed configuration and installation of CISCO equipment, Routers, Switches, Wireless setup and security.
Configure and Maintain VPN access to the users though out the company
Install new workstations on the DC and fixing issues with trust relation between the Computer and the DC.
Set up Telco Systems for nationwide data communications setup internal and external DSU/CSU on Cisco Routers.
Reporting changes on AD for and Network for Sox Compliance.
Working with VPS, AVPS, Management through out the company. COTT Beverages Consulting -Ajilon
Systems and Network Engineer - Consulting Jan 2007 - July 2008
Project Leader for nation wide branches installing software and certifying hard ware for all Computers and Laptops.
Performed configuration and installation of Hardware and Software Servers, PC's Laptops and Network Cisco equipment
Providing support for Users, managers, Helping technical training to the IT staff, Helpdesk and field Service,.
Managed projects for infrastructure enhancements in computer rooms, and the Data Center
Administered the Enterprise-wide Windows user base using Active Directory
Supervised efficiency upgrades through new hardware deployment
Monitored Enterprise network issues nationwide support and problem solving
Taking on Telco upgrade projects PTP frame relay to MPLS, nationwide and Data circuits speed upgrades. Setting up routers and switches.
Installed workstations for Windows applications
Set up Telco Systems for nationwide data communications setup DSU/CSU
Performed email administration and email client setup
Performed project management tasks and coordinated branch moves and new branch installations
Performed project management tasks for Data and Voice setups nationwide LPL Financial Corp - Modes
Sr. IT Support Specialist Jul 2008 - Dec 2008
Project Leader for nation wide branches installing software and certifying hard ware for all Computers and Laptops.
Performed configuration and installation of Hardware and Software.
Administered the Enterprise-wide Windows user base using Active Directory
Supervised efficiency upgrades through new hardware deployment
Installed workstations for Windows applications
Performed email administration and email client setup
Performed project management tasks and coordinated branch moves and new branch installations APRIA HEALTHCARE Mar 2006 - Jul 2008
Enterprise Sr. Network Systems Admin - Project Management
Performed project management tasks and coordinated branch moves and new branch installations
Performed project management tasks for Data and Voice equipment LAN, WAN setups nationwide
Responsible for the implementation and administration Windows Servers, Cisco Routers, Switches and Cisco works with layer 2 and 3 networks Installation, Management and Support
Perform monitoring, set up, configuration and support of a variety of CISCO equipment on day-to-day tasks using Cisco works, OS upgrades, Network Analyst and Monitoring using Monitoring tools ex: Netview, Solarwinds, Cisco Works and other monitor applications.
Performed project management working with 3rd party vendors providing support to over 600 branches nationwide via Wide Area Network, Circuits Monitor and working with Telco trouble shooting problems.
Established project roles and assignments for new branches to set up the necessary network infrastructure
Worked with Telco activating, Upgrading and troubleshooting data circuits configuring DSUs, CSUs, WAN protocols BPG, MPLS and LAN IEGRP.
Managed projects for infrastructure enhancements in computer rooms, and the Data Center
Administered the Enterprise-wide Windows user base using Active Directory
Supervised efficiency upgrades through new hardware deployment
Monitored Enterprise network issues nationwide support and problem solving
Coordinating Circuits upgrade projects Up speed bandwidth and changing WAN Protocol from PTP to MPLS. TEXAS INSTRUMENTS - WIRELESS DIVISION Oct 2004 - Mar 2006 IT Consulting - Sr. Network Administrator
Performed Windows Administration working with hi end engineers and management problem solving for Desktops, Server, Laptops, Printers, all Computer systems and network Cisco Routers, Switches, Telecom, DSU, CSU equipments using recovery tools and hardware replacement.
Supervised efficiency upgrades through new hardware deployment
Installed Servers, CISCO Network Equipment, 2600,3700, 2900, 4500, and 6500
Developed new users profiles for Unix-administration resetting
Organized system backups
SAFECO FIS Apr 2004 - Oct 2004
IT Consulting- SR. Desktop Support
Developed and supervised help desk operations to support 600 users on multiple domains
Performed problem-solving activities addressing network, imaging, workstation and UNIX issues SYSCO NEWPORT MEAT Aug 2003 - Apr 2004
Network Manager
Performed software and network upgrades project for in-field sales personnel obtaining greater sales efficiencies
Led (hands on) UNIX, voicemail, email, Windows 2000 Server Administration and security functions
Developed seamless operations for network systems backup
Performed Telco coordination for T1, DSL and outbound calling systems CON AGRA FOODS GROUP Nov 2002 - Aug 2003
Help Desk Manager - Desktop Manager
Project leader for system solutions for over 500 users including senior management
Team leader for laptop upgrades for more than 300 users FORD CREDIT CORPORATION Dec 2001 - Aug 2002
Desktop Support / Project Manager
Planned and implemented Server, Desktops, Laptops upgrades through out the branches
managed 22 technicians setting up guide line and roles on the project and executed. REUTERS AMERICA INCORPORATED Jun 1995 - Sep 2001
Field and Datacenter Network Engineer
Trading Floor servers broadcast for news and stock market
Trading dealing work stations and servers
Web Based Trading workstations-VPN-Web Feed
PTP communications for real time trading floor data delivery
Designed, implemented and maintained, peer-to-peer and Netware LAN/WAN for a wide-range of customers
Integrated Datacenters and office systems
Performed computer disaster recovery and backup exercises
Provided Citrix client solutions
Instituted seamless systems communications for clients installing CISCO, 3COM and Linksys routers
Performed Y2K systems engineering
Implemented and configured video/audio setups, broadcast and streaming Operating Systems:
Windows10, 11, Servers, Windows8, XP/ NT/ 98/ 2000/ DOS/ Server 2000/2003/2008 Advanced Server and Vista Hardware:
IBM Servers, Dell Servers (Power Edge), HP Servers, Cisco Catalyst 6500, 4500, 3800, 2800, 2600, 2900, switches and routers, data backup Management and administration. Software:
Office365, Azure, Azure Sync, Cloud Applications, Exchange Online, Microsoft Office 2000/ XP/ 2003, Adobe Photoshop/ Acrobat, Norton Antivirus, Lotus Notes, What's Gold, MCafee,, Visio, Packet PC, Palm, Blackberry, Remedy, Microsoft Access, Excel, PowerPoint. Project, Visio, CD Burn, Ghost Imaging, Layer 6 and 7 software setup. CISCO Works, Cisco OSI and OS upgrade, Tivoli Net View, Solarwinds Network Monitoring, Spam Software Monitor Tipping Point. Networking:
TCP/ IP, Watchguard Firewalls, Cisco Routers/ Switches, DSU, CSU, Broadband, Wireless Routers, VPN, BGP, EIGRP, MPLS. PTP, VOIP,
Contact this candidate