Antony Lavanya
IT Recruitment-Domestic IT Recruiter
Phone No: 91-911*******
E-mail: ad3fs7@r.postjobfree.com

4+ Years of experience in Domestic IT Recruitment

Career Objective: have extensively utilized the web portals (Naukri.com,
Monster.com), personal database and referrals for candidate searching.

• I extensively involved in recruiting candidates for various technologies
and skills such as DBA’s, Hyperion, EDI, QA, Mainframes, Data warehouse, Web development, Client-server, Oracle and Networking Technologies. Examples of positions covered are Hyperion Essbase Developer, Database Administrator,
HFM, DRM Consultant, Network Engineer, System Administrator, Sr.Web
Developer, Software QA Tester (Manual and Automation) in various skills.

• Successfully provided jobs to the consultants in the Excellent Companies of USA like Logitech, National City, Genentech, EMC, Blue Cross Blue Shield, KLA-Tensor, Morrison and Foster, Visa and many others.

• Finalizing C2C agreements with the vendors and ensuring the documents like NCA, are signed and completed with the vendors and the consultants before submitting them to the End client and following up for PO, Master Agreements.

• Good Knowledge in Handling Client Requirements getting Green Cards, TN Permits and US Citizens on board. have extensively utilized the web portals (Naukri.com, Monster.com), personal database and referrals for candidate searching.
• I extensively involved in recruiting candidates for various technologies
and skills such as DBA’s, Hyperion, EDI, QA, Mainframes, Data warehouse, Web development, Client-server, Oracle and Networking Technologies. Examples of positions covered are Hyperion Essbase Developer, Database Administrator,
HFM, DRM Consultant, Network Engineer, System Administrator, Sr.Web
Developer, Software QA Tester (Manual and Automation) in various skills.

• Successfully provided jobs to the consultants in the Excellent Companies of USA like Logitech, National City, Genentech, EMC, Blue Cross Blue Shield, KLA-Tensor, Morrison and Foster, Visa and many others.

• Finalizing C2C agreements with the vendors and ensuring the documents like NCA, are signed and completed with the vendors and the consultants before submitting them to the End client and following up for PO, Master Agreements.

• Good Knowledge in Handling Client Requirements getting Green Cards, TN Permits and US Citizens on board. Seeking a responsible and challenging position in a growth oriented progressive company, where my skills and knowledge will significantly contribute to overall success of the company and provide opportunities for my career growth.

Experience Summary:

o I am professional around 4.4 Years of experience in IT Domestic Recruitment.
o Experience in Contract, Contract to Hire & Permanent hiring.
o Possess excellent knowledge of recruiting and hiring processes including sourcing, Screening, Cold calling, Interviewing, Scheduling Interviews, reference checking, Salary negotiations, and closing client requirements.
o Experience in sourcing through different portals (Naukri, Monster and LinkedIn). o An energetic and highly motivated individual with excellent communication skills.
o Ability to understand client's objectives and define goals, coordinate effectively with management and co-workers to ensure successful completion and deliverable of assignments.
o Maintaining strong follow up with the candidates. oHaving creative problem solving, quick and independent learning skill.

Professional Experience:

Worked Company : Webilent Inc
Work Experience : 4+ YEARS Aug 2018 to till date
Designation : IT Recruiter
Web portals : Naukri, Monster, LinkedIn Education : M.CA ( Computers) A.U, TN Computer Skills : MS Excel, Operating systems Operating Systems : Windows 7, 8.1, 10, Xp, Vista

Responsibilities:
o To assist the client companies in the recruitment of the employees. o Responsible for end to end Domestic IT recruitment starting from requirement gathering/analysis to till on boarding the candidates.
o Gathering the requirement from the Recruitment Head. oUnderstanding the requirement and sourcing resumes from different Job Portals (Monster, Naukri and LinkedIn).
o Involved in the Process of handling recruitment including Screening of applicant to selection of the applicant through telephonic conversation, to judge their communication skills, attitude, qualifications, professional skills
& Identification of potential Candidates.
o Recruiting all the levels like Junior, Middle and Senior level candidates. o
Responsible for contract, contract to hire and permanent hiring.
o Posting jobs according to the client requirement in job portals like Naukri, Monster, Times, Shine etc.. o Preliminary screening / short-listing the right qualitative profile against the given requirement.
o Database management, sourcing required resumes from job portals, referrals.
o Interview coordination and scheduling the short-listed candidates for different modes of interview like telephonic/Video call/F2F discussions. Interview follow-ups with the candidates to ensure that they are attending the interview on time.
o Mentor the candidates on interview pattern and tips for all rounds of interviews.
o Follow up with recruitment head regarding the status of submitted candidates and updated the same feedback to candidate.
o Negotiation with the selected candidates on Role, Salary and Notice Period. o Follow-up with the offered candidates till joining and post joining. o Reporting to Recruitment Head. oMaintaining daily tracker and sharing that with the Recruitment head and Manager.

Skills Worked:
Software developer (Java Full stack Developer, Spring boot, Web Developer, .net
Developer, Angular, Angular JS )
ERP Modules- SAP,MM,WM, Administrators ( selenium, Win runner, Load
Runner, Manual testing, NB,VNB etc.. )
Cloud Technologies -, Devops, AWS (ELB,EC2,S3, Jenkins, Dockers, Movens, Github, git)

Educational Qualification:

M.C.A Computers in Anna University Chennai TN

Personal Details:

Full Name : Antony Lavanya

Gender : Female
Nationality : Indian

Marital Status : married

Languages : English, Tamil, Telugu
I hereby state that the above mentioned information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

lPlace: Chennai

(Antony)
Contact this candidate