Jaren Bryant
Charlotte, NC ***** 704-***-**** ad3g6f@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

To obtain a job at a company I can work and develop with long term, Diligent Telecommunications/ Network Engineer successful in Deployment, Troubleshooting, and Configuration Projects and Tasks. Over 5 years of hands-on experience working as IT network analyst for telecommunications businesses. A strong team player works with little to no supervision. Excellent abilities in comparing technologies and finding quick solutions. Organized and dependable candidate successful at managing multiple priorities with a positive attitude. Willingness to take on added responsibilities to meet team goals. Hardworking and passionate job seeker with strong organizational skills eager to secure a position. Ready to help the team achieve company goals. Detail-oriented team player with strong organizational skills. Ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously with a high degree of accuracy.

SKILLS

●Configuration
●Routing
●Switching
●Aruba
●Wireless
●Data Recovery
●
●Network Performance
●DNAC
●Data Engineering
●API
●Cisco
●

WORK HISTORY

Network Engineer 0/2023- current
BankersLife, Inc
●Manages the company IT system
●keep them updated, troubleshooting and using best practices to ensure the highest level of network security
●help resolve a variety of technical issues relating to the company's computer systems, telecommunications network, LANs, WANs and desktop computers
●Provides network support and resolving connectivity issues.
●Configures hardware and software to optimize network communication.
●Sets up LAN and WAN networks, as well as Voice Over IP and VTC devices.
●Manage IP addresses and resolving conflicts.
●Monitor and maintain network servers and perform upgrades.
●Performing system administration tasks and ensuring network security.
●Knowledge on multi- vendor platforms such as Cisco, Checkpoint, and Fortinet.
●Tested, debugged, and performed troubleshooting on Linux system configurations.
●Developed database management applications on the Linux platform.

NETWORK ENGINEER 01/2019 to 10/2023
Duke Energy, Inc
●Created and updated technical documents & diagrams (Web/API sequence diagrams)
●Coordinated with various internal/external groups to allow team goals to be met
●Experience with Cisco Routing protocols BGP and static routing
●Understanding of IT Infrastructure, network administration, classified LAN management, and wide area networks
● Hands-on experience in configuring Cisco catalyst 3560,3750,4500, 4900 & 6500 switches and 1900, 2800, 2900, 3800, 7200, and 7600 routers.
●Experience with DNAC, such as Monitoring, Configuring, and Adding switches, routers, and access points.
●Experience with Aruba Wireless Devices, such as Configuring and Monitoring switches and access points.
●Design, install, secure, operate, troubleshoot, manage, and support all Networking Infrastructure
● Develop best practice network designs and supporting drawings and documentation
● Lead projects working with LAN controllers, Cisco Meraki, Cisco AP’s, Standalone AP’s, and Mesh AP’s
● Experience with Cisco Meraki wireless managed network infrastructure
● Monitor network capacity performance against established baselines and service levels
●Design, configure, install, and optimize wireless networks for traditional office locations or project sites
● Design, configure, install, and maintain highly available network solutions to support critical application computing services
● Use network protocol analyzers to solve networking or application problems or to audit, test, and optimize applications or networks
●Provide technical leadership, mentorship, and guidance on all networking projects or tasks to Network and Telecom Administrators and other IT staff as needed
●Successfully Deployed Multiple devices (Switches,Access Points,Routers) into DNAC based networking platform
●Managed and troubleshooted NET Cloud and Aruba access points wireless devices on Citrix and Airwave. Aruba VPN, customer public and private wireless networks
● Installed, configured, managed, and fixed Palo Alto Firewalls.
●Maintained and managed border security systems, such as intrusion detection systems and firewalls.
●Supported and monitored existing configuration changes for Palo Alto Networks.
●Performed data entry work on the Domain Name Services (DNS) portal adding, deleting, and updating object records for IP management.
●Resolved discrepancies, performed standard tests (ping, lookups, SSH) to validate data source prior to applying changes.

NETWORK ENGINEER 08/2018 to 01/2020
North Carolina Agricultural And Technical State University Greensboro, NC
●Assisted with implementation and support of network monitoring tools.
●Provided network support services for devices such as hubs, bridges, routers, and other hardware.
●Managed, tracked, and coordinated problem resolution and escalation processes.
●Troubleshooted complex multi-vendor network service provider issues.
●Monitored network capacity and performance to diagnose and resolve complex network problems.
●Collaborated with vendors to identify best options for optimizing network performance.
●Provided complete end-to-end engineering and installation of route-based IP network solutions.
●Provided detailed network diagrams and procedural guidelines
●strong in-depth knowledge of LAN, WAN, AD DS and IP Subnet including VLSM IP. I also have a background in Network design, maintenance, support, and system troubleshooting
●Provided technical and vendor support services, designing and planning Network planning, Implementing. Configuring Juniper SRX210, SRX240, Ex4200, EX4300, QFX5100.
●Proficiency in Linux distributions like Ubuntu, CenOS, and Fedors

IT INTERN 08/2018 to 08/2018
Harris Teeter, Inc
●Respond to help desk tickets and assist employees with technical issues. Conduct research:
●Research new technologies and tools that could benefit the company. Assist with network maintenance:
●Help maintain the company's network infrastructure, including switches, routers, and firewalls.

EDUCATION

B.S Information Technology
North Carolina A&T State University, Greensboro, NC
GPA: 4.0

.
Contact this candidate