Michael Voight
**** **** ***** *****
Arlington, TX 76017
+1-682-***-****
ad3kau@r.postjobfree.com

Summary

For the past 19 years, my focus has been on F5 ADC products, primarily GTM and LTM. I had also worked with similar products at Cisco Systems, Inc. Prior to switching to the corporate user side of technical products in 2017, I had spent many years providing technical support for the companies which made the products I have supported. These companies included IBM, Cisco Systems, and F5 Networks. I am looking for a challenging role with a medium to large size company
Education
Illinois State University, Normal, Illinois
Bachelor of Science, Applied Computer Science

Lincoln College, Lincoln, Illinois
Associate of Arts, Liberal Arts

Employment History

Brillio LLC, Coppell, Texas
November 2023 – Present
Senior Tech Specialist

Responsible for design and implementation of F5 devices involving the relocation of an access environment from Singapore to Hong Kong between main Chinese banks and a global US based bank, involving F5 GTM, LTM, and WAF on iSeries and SAAS devices.

GM Financial, Arlington, Texas
Global F5 Engineer November 2017 - June 2023
Responsible for global support of GM Financial’s F5 devices - Design, Configuration, and Troubleshooting of F5 Devices for worldwide operations of GM Financial, the financing arm of General Motors Corporation. Administered the Citrix ADC Gateway functionality (Netscaler). Administered LTM, GTM, and ASM/WAF configurations via WebUI, CLI, AppviewX, and BigIQ. . Was responsible for migration of environment of Latin America F5 Virtual Servers from United Kingdom to US, after sale of General Motors European Operations.

F5 Networks, Inc – Clearwater FL
Enterprise Network Engineer August 2005 - August 2017
Escalation engineer in support of F5's ADC products, LTM, GTM, and EM. (Local Traffic Manager, Global Traffic Manager, Enterprise Manager ) Responsible for handling escalated support cases from Network Support Engineers and directly handling cases from Sales Engineers. Responsible for creating solution documents on F5 website.

Cisco Systems, Inc – Scotts Valley CA
Customer Support Engineer IV August 1995 - April 2005
Provided technical support to customers and field engineers for Cisco Content Networking hardware and software. Provided training to outsourced support engineers in the US, Costa Rica, and India
Worked Cisco Booths at Cisco Networkers Conferences in US and Mexico
Provided support for: ACNS - For Cisco Content Engines for caching, and content networking WebNS - For Cisco CSS 11000, CSS 11500 Content Smart Switches, and the CSS SSL Module. Also provided support for the GSS (Global Site Selector), companion product to CSS that used DNS to assist in load balancing,LocalDirector - Cisco Server Load Balancing Product SCA - Cisco CSS 11000 Secure Content Accelerator - Cisco Version of SonicWall SSL-R IOS - IOS Server Load Balancing (SLB), Catalyst SSL Module, Content Switching Module, DistributedDirector (DNS) Previously supported: PIX Firewall, Cisco Secure ACS, Centri Firewall, Cisco DNS/DHCP Server, Network Registrar (DNS/DHCP server), MicroWebServer, Multinet for Windows (TCP software for Windows), and Multinet for VMS (TCP software for DEC VMS operating systems)
Build the perfect resume, get hired.
Get noticed in today's competitive job market with these premium fea
Contact this candidate