Shawn Medina
**** ******** **
Los Angeles, CA **026
Phone: 213-***-**** Email: ad3k0v@r.postjobfree.com
Objective: Microsoft Certified IT Professional (Active Directory / Server Administration) seeking a challenging position allowing for the contribution of my skills, experience, and problem-solving ability.
EDUCATION
Certifications:
MCITP: Windows Server 2008 Administrator
MSCA: Windows Server Administrator 2012 and 2008
MCTS: Network Infrastructure, Configuration
MCTS: Active Directory, Configuration
MCP: Microsoft Certified Professional
IDT Learning
Training Completed:
Microsoft Server Administration Certification Program CompTIA Network+
CompTIA Security+
Learning Tree University, Chatsworth
Web Master and Graphic Design Certification
Moorpark College and Pierce College
Film Studies and Television Production
SKILLS
Network Design, Advanced Troubleshooting, Incident Response, Documentation, Project Management, Disaster Recovery, Point of sale systems, Barracuda Essentials Suite, Cybersecurity, Cisco Meraki, Digital Watchdog, CCTV, Cisco Umbrella, Veeam, Change Management, Team Viewer, LogMeIn, Server Administration, Hardware Management, Windows Server 2008, 2012, 2016, 2019, Active Directory, Adobe Creative Suite, Photoshop, MS Office Suite (Word, Access, Excel, Outlook, Power Point), FileMaker Pro, ACT, Loan Handler, footage logging, digital video editing, analog to digital video conversion, digital audio recording and editing, PC and Mac OSX technical support and troubleshooting, computer networking with a mixed network of wired and wireless Apple, PC, and Android Devices. Build PC Computers from parts, install operating system and configure for use. EXPERIENCE
L&R Group of Companies Los Angeles, CA (2015-2022) Network Engineer
Microsoft 365 cloud administrator
Cisco Meraki network administrator.
Primary point of escalation for troubleshooting all IT issues across 40 locations nationwide
Shawn Medina
1427 Mccollum St
Los Angeles, CA 90026
Phone: 213-***-**** Email: ad3k0v@r.postjobfree.com
Create users and email accounts for users in our hybrid Microsoft 365 environment
Coordinate onboarding and offboarding of new employees with HR department.
Perform regular anti-phishing awareness campaign of all email users.
Implemented DNS based content filtering with Cisco Umbrella.
Implemented multi-factor authentication and Single sign-on for supported applications.
Investigate and remediate suspected cybersecurity incidents.
Support and troubleshooting of Point-of-Sale devices, cash registers, parking lane equipment
Design and maintain closed circuit video security systems for all locations.
Export and organize video clips of incidents as requested by management of locations.
Manage and deploy GPS enabled dashcams for airport parking shuttle buses.
Migrated invoicing application from physical Microsoft server 2008 r2 to a virtual Microsoft server 2019 hosted in our Hyper-V host environment.
Administrator for Sage 300 Real estate and construction, manage user accounts, security access and upgrades, including a full rebuild of the application and remote desktop servers.
Manage and maintain production servers in the Microsoft Hyper-V environment.
Monitor and maintain physical rack servers in the data center.
Perform content search and e-discovery as requested by the legal department.
Coordinated changeover and installation of new internet circuits in large buildings and commercial spaces.
Design and deploy network/server rack for new office locations.
Trace and terminate POTS lines for elevators, fire alarms and other infrastructure systems.
Iron Mountain Digital Studio Hollywood, CA (2013 -2015) Data Restoration Team
● Operated a Linux terminal running Unix restoration scripts on raw captured data from data tapes of various formats (8mm, DLT III, DLT IV, 3480, 9 track).
● Logged results and work logs into file maker pro database.
● Operated various data tape machines, copied raw dumps of tapes to the network share and prepared them for restoration process.
● Scanned, logged and filed processed tapes.
● Worked closely with project manager, streamlining workflow and creating standards and practices for the project.
Media Asset Relocation Project
Label and retrieve media assets to prepare for shipment to new location.
Verify orders in Iron Mountain SKP Safe keeper system and scan individual items to excel file.
Transfer items to pallets, poly wrap and secure pallets.
Load trucks on shipment day utilizing the freight elevator and pallet jack.
Update daily and weekly progress reports.
Shawn Medina
1427 Mccollum St
Los Angeles, CA 90026
Phone: 213-***-**** Email: ad3k0v@r.postjobfree.com
Independent Graphic Design and Technology Consultant. (2000 - Present)
● Computer repair and troubleshooting, virus removal, data recovery.
● Advanced computer network planning and security practices.
● Design and implement closed circuit video security systems
● Enhance and optimize photographs and images for print and internet use within adobe creative suite including photoshop and image ready.
● Creation of graphic elements and layout of commercial compact disc and vinyl packaging, prepare for printing press according to exact specifications.
● Creation and professional printing of advertising posters, flyers, clothing and business cards.
● Design, build, maintain websites including database driven blogs, shopping cart systems. Hosted and managed dozens of websites on a web server.
● Nonlinear video editing and DVD authoring with a strong understanding of different codecs, formats, media types and their specific uses.
● Multi-track audio recording, editing, and mastering audio, podcast, or video use.
Contact this candidate