Mohamed Elshdody
United States – Maywood - NJ Mobile: +1-551-******* Email: ad3m1a@r.postjobfree.com Technical Telecom Access Network Engineer
Professional Summary
Technical telecom access engineer with high experience in OSP, TDM, MSAN, FTTH networks and many operation systems Netnumen, AMS, U2000 and mulƟvendor Huawei, ZTE, Nokia, Alcatel. Work Experience
Technical Access Network Engineer April 2020 – September 2023
Installing, configure and testing or turning up a variety of telecommunication equipment and technology including TDM, VOIP.
Troubleshooting and maintenance of various types of equipment.
Migrate TDM exchange to MSAN for more than 3 million subscriber.
Migrate TDM exchange to FTTH for more than 100K subscriber.
Commissioning the equipment to ready for service.
Migrate H248 subscribers to SIP.
Managed PM (Preventive Maintenance) for all MSAN and FTTH cabinets.
Service outage recovery according to KPI.
Multi-vendor experience (Huawei – ZTE – Nokia – Alcatel).
Using optical measurement tools such as OTDR, power meter.
Managed the operation and maintenance of the access network, which includes the optical fiber, copper cables, and associated equipment.
Ensured that the network was operating efficiently and that it was available to customers when they needed it.
Successfully resolved a number of network outages, resulting in improved customer satisfaction.
Implemented a new network management system, which resulted in improved efficiency and reduced costs.
OSP (FTTH) Engineer March 2018 - February 2020
Initiate project plans with the PM (collect data/requirements, estimate cost, stakeholders).
Complete bill of quantity and order materials needed for projects.
Review and prepares detailed work plans for construction or rearrangement of existing fiber optic, underground lines and buried feeders.
Communicate with licensing and permitting authorities to assist in the progressing and completion of a project.
Organized, review, recommend and interpret processes and procedures supporting subcontracting and contract preparation and submission activities.
Maintain a high level of productivity assuring time frame are met.
Implement more than 50 FTTH cabinets (Civil + Fiber) with high eﬃciency.
Ensured that the project was completed on time and within budget, and that it met the required specifications.
Understand the proper deployment for FTTH/FTTP, PON and fiber telecommunication infrastructure. Technical Access Network Engineer January 2014 - March 2018
Managed the operation and maintenance of the access network in a specific region.
Ensured that the network was operating efficiently and that it was available to customers when they needed it.
Successfully resolved a number of network outages, resulting in improved customer satisfaction.
Developed and implemented a new network maintenance plan, which resulted in reduced costs. OSP Engineer January 2006 - July 2014
Implement and maintain OSP networks.
Resolved OSP network problems.
Successfully completed a number of OSP projects, including the installation of a new fiber optic network in a major city.
Quality Engineer January 2004 - January 2006
Inspected and tested cables for defects.
Developed and implemented quality control procedures.
Successfully ensured that cables met the required quality standards. Education
B.Sc Electrical Engineering (CommunicaƟons and Electronics Dep.) May 2002 Zagazig University Egypt Certification and Training
Huawei OLT 5800.
HUAWEI MSAN 5600T.
CCNA Preparation Course.
Alcatel-Lucent ISAM 7302-7330.
Alcatel-Lucent AMS 5520.
Data Network.
ZTE MSAN C300, C600.
GSM.
VOIP.
PSTN.
CSCU.
TCP/IP Advanced.
PMP Preparation.
ICDL.
ISO 9001-2000.
The Japanese Way in the Problem Solving.
5-S.
Preparation to "Six-Sigma"
Internal Audit for ISO 9001-2000.
Internal Audit for ISO/TS 16949.
Skills
Time Management "Ensure project compleƟon Ɵme with proper Ɵme management and risk awareness skills".
Make a cost sheet, review design and complete missing objects regarding to protecƟon method, network scalability and network availability with reliable soluƟon.
Problem-solving skills.
Excellent knowledge of MS oﬃce, MS project.
Contact this candidate