Satish Reddy
ad3m3a@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 646-***-****

SUMMARY
Certified Network Engineer having around 13+ years of strong experience in network services design, implementation, configuration of LAN, WLAN, WAN, Firewalls and troubleshooting network issues in Enterprise & Data Center networks.
7 Years of extensive work experience in delivering global IT projects - assessing customer needs, design, implementation and management of secure, scalable, resilient, high performance IT environments.
8 Years of experience in Network infrastructure services operational support- responsible for service request tickets in all phases such as troubleshooting, maintenance, upgrades, patches and fixes.
Plan, Design & Implementation of new Cisco gear at Campus, Branch Offices, Regional hubs, VPN and ODCs @ Partners across Asia Pacific and US region.
Travel for assigned projects on-site implementation.
Comprehensive knowledge of Cisco networking technologies & protocols and F5 load balancer.
Experienced in network Cisco Switches 2960 3560, 3750, 3850,4500, 6500, 6880, 9300, 9400 and 9500
Switching Technologies: VLAN, VTP, EtherChannel, STP, SPAN and Device Redundancy, FHRP.
Expertise in network routing with Static [Default & Floating], Dynamic Routing RIP, OSPF, EIGRP and BGP.
Have experience in Cisco IOS, IOS-XE, firmware updates, and registering new/conversion of traditional licenses using Smart licensing on the CSSM website.
Experienced in configuring& implementing SVIs and restricting access with ACLs on Nexus (2K, 5K, 7K) devices.
Network Security and Services: NAT, PAT, ACL, VPN(site-site), DIA, Any Connect.
Implementing and Applying the Access restrictions and NAT on Firewalls.
Preparing Bill of Material, Cabling scope [fibre &copper], WIFI maps using Ekahau, rack elevation diagrams, power & cooling for large, medium and small topologies for an enterprise networks.
Make a TAC support calls to open tickets for device RMA/ failed components replacement.
Creating Network design diagrams in MS-Visio for High-level and Low-Level design documents.

SKILLS

Cisco Routers
1800, 2800, 2900, 3800, 3900, 7200, 7600, ISR 4400 & ASR 1000 series.
Cisco Switches
Catalyst 2900, 3700, 3800, 4500, 6500, 9300, 9400 & 9500 series.
Switching
VLAN, STP, RSTP, MST, PVST, VTP, EtherChannel, HSRP.
Routing Protocols
RIP [v1/v2], EIGRP & BGP
WAN Technologies
ISDN/DDR, E1/T1, E3/T3, Metro Ethernet.
Cisco NGFW (FTD)
FPR2130 & FPR4110 series.
Security Concepts
NAT/PAT, ACL, VPN, UBVPN, AnyConnect VPN, IPsec & GRE
OS products/Services
DNS, DHCP, VMware, Windows, XP, UNIX, LINUX, Perl script, Ansible
WLAN Controller & APs
3504, 5520, C9800, Access Points: 3700, 4800 & 9130 series.
Cisco Nexus devices
5K & 7K series.
IP Phones
7960, 7970 and 9951, 9971 video series phones.
Admin/Monitoring Tools
Cisco Prime, Splunk, Science Logic, Remedy, Service-Now. Nagios

EDUCATION

Master’s in Computer Science - 2008 Acharya Nagarjuna University, INDIA
Bachelor's in Computer Science - 2006 Acharya Nagarjuna University, INDIA

CERTIFICATIONS

CISCO Certified CCNA(R&S) CCNP(R) ID CSCO12123915
AWS Certified Solutions Architect - SAA-C02 ID AWS02695878

EXPERIENCE

Microsoft Corporation Apr 2022 – Present
Sr. Network Engineer

Responsibilities:

Managed network connectivity upgrades, expansions, decommissions with service providers, and oversaw infrastructure orders like DIA links, Leased lines & Azure ExpressRoutes.
Management of AWS Direct Connect involves setup, security, optimization, monitoring, and scalability to ensure a reliable and efficient connection between on-premises network and AWS services.
Installed, configured, and troubleshoot Juniper routers switches at Access, Distribution & Core layer, significantly improving overall functionality.
Configured BGP protocols on high-capacity spine leaf switches, enabling efficient packet forwarding by establishing highly effective routing tables.
Prepared comprehensive recommendations that optimized the network across various crucial aspects including connectivity configurations and upgrade projects.
Monitored traffic bandwidth utilization metrics consistently, ensuring high network performance.
Delivered efficient network solutions for complex multi-site environments, boosting operations.
Conducted thorough diagnostics on network services, swiftly resolving issues to limit downtime.
Configured on-premises routers to establish physical connectivity with ExpressRoute circuit.
Crafted secure network architectures, optimizing performance via strategic implementation.
Configuring and deploying Cumulus Spine & Leaf devices seamlessly using Ansible automation.
Configured Cumulus spine & leaf switches for improved IP, host names, and access settings.
Configuring firewall rules in Linux using IPtables and firewalld tools.
Managed escalated routing, switching, and WAN connectivity issues for timely resolution.
Coordinated effectively with local support for smooth network change implementation.
Proficiency in configuring, and managing firewall solutions from leading vendors such as Cisco, Juniper, HP etc.
Worked with teams to design and manage security zones/policies on Juniper SRX firewalls.
Mastered resolution of network issues, focusing on routing and switching tasks.

Meta Bank,Inc -Storm Lake, Iowa May 2018 – Apr 2202
Network Architect

Responsibilities:

Plan, Design & Implementation of new Cisco gear at Campus, Branch Offices, Regional hubs, VPN, ODC @ Partners across US regions.
Travel for assigned projects on-site implementation.
Acquisitions & integration of Networks.
Responsibilities include documentation gathering, assessing firewall rules for compliance with corporate standards, performing software upgrades re-mediating all aspects of a data and Wireless network.
Work with reviewing data network architectures against corporate security standards, and then identifying required remediation tasks.
Designing and implementing Cisco Firepower solutions based on organizational needs and security requirements. This involves deploying and configuring Firepower appliances.
Configuring and managing firewall policies, rules, and access controls using Cisco Firepower Management Center (FMC) includes defining security zones, access rules, and VPN configurations.
Closely working with Information Security team for implementing access restrictions using ACL and URL filtering.
Perform network traffic discovery by analyzing packet capture and Cisco Netflow data.

Network expansion, relocation& decommission of Cisco equipment at Branch offices & ODCs.
Fleet/Standardization of Cisco devices at Branch offices and ODCs at partner sites with the latest hardware & software.
Setting up model labs for research and development purposes.
Attending weekly meetings to gather project related information from the stakeholders.
Preparing proposal of network design per Enterprise Network IT standards.
Preparing Bill of Material for required hardware and propose rack layout.
Ordering network equipment and providing power, cooling, & cable requirements to the vendors.
Creating wireless heat maps using Ekahau tool and involving cabling vendor for provisioning.
Coordinate with Customer teams & vendors for site readiness.
Configuring routing, switching& applying access restrictions at partner networks per InfoSec policy.
Preparing audit reports of existing offices and partner sites for fleet upgrade with latest hardware and software per Network IT approved standards.
Configuring user-based VPN solutions for partners with access restrictions.
Closely working with the telecom management team for Circuit optimization and upgrade.
Manage scheduling of shift coverage and operational work streams to optimize service delivery.

T-Mobile - Atlanta, GA Oct 2014 – Apr 2018
Network Engineer

Responsibilities:

Developed network and architectural strategies focused on cost-effective solutions to meet requirements. Performed cost/benefit analyses to propose appropriate new and agile network applications.
Hands-on and responsible for day to day management that includes administration/service requests, escalation support, ticket resolution based on policies and procedure and meeting stated SLA.
Troubleshoot and support Cisco routers and switches including Cisco Nexus,IPSEC VPN, Cisco wireless network platforms, and Cisco Firewalls.
Specific responsibilities including acting as lead to team members including establishing and meeting operations baselines, personally handling escalated tickets along task management/scheduling, documentation including policies and procedures and proactive analysis and as needed consultation including creating custom solutions.
Working on network issues escalated from the Tier2 support team.
Maintained a large-scale network with two data centers, 80+ remote branches, and up to 450 network devices.
Network audit of each site including hardware and configuration.
Prepared recommendations that optimized the network across connectivity, configurations and upgrade projects.
Collaborated with management to streamline and re-engineer processes to enhance productivity and drive efficiency.
Directed infrastructure projects and partnered on multidisciplinary teams consisting of network architects, project managers and field technicians. Led planning, prioritization and execution of projects
Established new standards, processes and procedures to streamline communication across project teams.
Cultivated strategic relationships with vendors to improve the delivery and reliability of network services.

Cisco Systems - Richardson, Texas Apr 2010 – Sep 2014
Network Engineer

Responsibilities:

Responsible for configuration, maintenance and troubleshooting of dynamic routing protocols: EIGRP & BGP (route redistribution, distribute lists, route-maps, prefix lists & route summarization) on various Cisco routers.
Responsible for switching tasks such as VTP, STP, RSTP, VLAN, Inter-VLAN routing.
Implementing the Corp, DMZ and vDMZ Lab setups.
Performing the access restriction changes on [DC [ Dev., Stage, Prod] DMZDC, Corp] networks, Cisco ASA, Cisco Nexus and ISP Gateways
Served as a Subject Matter Expert.
Training new hires on latest technologies and on various Cisco internal network architecture/topologies.
Implemented traffic filters using Access-lists (ACL) and configured VPN(site-site), UBVPN, NAT/PAT for secure connections.
Configuring and Implementing the URL filtering setup for Extranet Partner sites.
Configuring routing, switching&applying access restrictions at partner networks per InfoSec policy.
Troubleshooting the partner connectivity links leased line, RLAN-VPN, IC-VPN.
Knowledge of sub-netting IPv4/IPv6 addresses and implementation of IP addressing schemes (VLSM) to meet medium & large level enterprise network requirement.
Responsible for service requests (Remedy & ESP) tickets in all phases such as troubleshooting, maintenance, upgrades, patches and fixes with all around technical support.
Provided technical leadership for problem escalation and resolution.
Coordinating with various vendors for problem resolution.
Contact this candidate