Jason Kelley
Clark, NJ

About Me
With over ** years of expertise in the Information Technology field as a Director & Network Engineer for various industry types, I am a determined and dedicated worker for providing quality work, along with excellent problem-solving skills. I work well with a team or alone and tend to be a self-starter. With attention to detail, along with the ability to quickly learn in any environment, it allows for me to resolve problems quick and efficiently, while having a flexible schedule which includes weekends when necessary. My top skills are working great under pressure, and being a team player, making the best choices for the benefit of both the team and your company.
Specializing in Director/Management duties including project management, budgeting, executive meetings, strategic direction for teams in both large and small corporate environments.
Audio & Video experience including video encoding, audio engineering, smart devices along with home theater setups with Crestron and Harmony devices.
Experienced in best practices, engaging in numerous network assessments, upgrade planning, Windows & Linux migrations, test environments and rollout plans for numerous companies.
Supported numbers of corporation types including the Music, Medical, Financial, Magazine, Media, Fashion & Sport industries.
Experienced in large international, multi-site companies, running Windows, Mac OS X & Linux operating systems.
Familiar with various Cloud services and backup solutions including AWS, Google Drive, OneDrive and more.
Experienced in Windows 10/11 Pro, 8/7 and older, Windows Server 2019 and later, various Linux/Unix environments, EMC Products, Active Directory, IIS, Terminal Services, Mac OS, CUCM, Cisco Unity, Cisco Umbrella, Cisco Devices, Go Guardian, Mimecast, Hyper-V, WSUS, SMS, SCCM, MS SQL, Citrix, VMWare 6.5 and below, Exchange, Mac OS X File Sharing, Open Directory.
A self-starter with analytical & troubleshooting experience.
Hardware support experience includes iPhones, iPads, Tablets, Chromebook & Android Devices.
Software Experience includes Bloomberg, vSphere/VMware, AutoCAD, All Versions of MS Office, Adobe Creative Suite, Act, QuickBooks, Boot Camp, Jira, Confluence, Veeam, BackupExec, SolarWinds, MS Dynamics, NetBackup SQL 2019, Simparel/Exentago and other various financial software.
JK Digitech New York, NY
1./09 to Present – Technology Manager / Network Engineer
Owner & IT Manager of JK Digitech, providing Mac, Windows & Unix Media solutions for various clients in the Tri-State Area. Supported companies included Sin City, Commondesk, SireSound Productions, LLC., Tuff City Tattoos, ODA Architecture, various law firms, financial locations and more.
Created and designed 25 active directory servers in various locations using Win 2019 & below
Administrated Ubuntu, Red Hat and Linux based SnapServer for fire sharing and web server functionality
Migrated & upgraded numerous Windows environments + Migrated Linux environments
Data Center administration experience
Configured Cisco switches, Meraki devices, Forninet / Fortigate technology.
Familiar with load balancing for better performance & creating off site Disaster Recovery locations & backups.
Created & Maintained Exchange servers for various clients, SSL cert creation and using best practices for optimal performance
Created ISA\Forefront Threat Management Gateway using web redirection and access rules.
Configured ESX Servers and vSphere clients using Dell, HP & EMC SAN Storage.
Television, Phone & Tablet modifications, repairs, and inspections.
Familiar with numerous VM backup solutions including Backup Exec, Veeam, Novastore, Trilead VMX, PHD Virtual, Rubrik, Datto and more.
Home theater setups with Crestron, Harmony and similar devices
Provided detailed, technical breakdowns for project timelines, pricing and proper budgeting.
GoGuardian, Mimecast, Jamf, Duo, CUCM, Cisco Unity, Cisco Umbrella, SCCM.
Managed multiple sites & projects simultaneously.
Installed & configured MS Lync & SharePoint Servers
Created test environments for major application rollouts.
Installed and supported VMWare Fusion (On both MAC & Windows) & ESX, Boot Camp, Parallels Desktop, Terminal Services, Citrix Metaframe, LogMeIn, AutoCAD, Adobe Creative Suite, QuickBooks, Quicken and many more
Familiar with Linux based servers including Ubuntu, Red Hat, Yellow Dog and Fedora.
Administered both Xserve Mac OS X with Open Directory and Dell PowerEdge Windows Servers with Active Directory in cross platform environments.
Analyzed and resolved system and network issues, using system and event logs to pinpoint issues when needed.
Supported Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux environments, including Terminal and command prompt command structures.
Performed Video, Audio, and Image conversions within professional studio environments.
Provided 24/7 emergency support and backup plans to keep all companies running smoothly and functional.
Troubleshooter of LAN & Wan issues. Configured and administered network devices such as printers, routers, firewalls, servers, workstations, NAS devices and tablets.
Pem-America Inc. New York, NY
8/2014 to 1/2023 - International Information Technology Director
Information Technology Director for 5 US locations, 2 International locations, along with all partner companies and remote worker. Managing a team of 10 with variously skilled technical members, I provided solutions to the ever-changing needs of the company.

Network Infrastructure Upgrades ranging from firewall upgrades to network switch replacement
Hardware Refresh Rollouts – full project planning with price comparison, working with various vendors for multiple sites deployment
Migrated from MPLS to Firewall based Site-to-Site VPN tunnel between NY & NJ offices
Migrated Windows End Users & Servers to newer devices and OS versions.
Wan/Firewall Configurations
Covid-19 Remote Planning and Infrastructure Support
Implemented a Ransomware Protected Infrastructure Environment with Security Procedures using Comodo & Sophos
Hosted Executive Meetings for Future corporate upgrades
Maintained Samsung Air Conditioning Systems, Security System, Sonos Speakers & Television/Projector displays & installations
IT Department Budgeting & Project Planning for Corporate upgrades & expansions
Disaster Recovery Site Implementation both physical and Cloud based solutions
Site Security Requirements and Enforcement including penetration testing
Cloud Service Implementation using AWS, Google Drive & MS OneDrive
Warehouse & Showroom Experience with live presentations Audio/video setup experience
NAS & SAN Installations and configurations
vSphere 6.5 installations and configuration at 2 separate sites
Image creation and clone system rollouts
Emergency response planning and implementation
Used Backup Solutions from BackupExec, NetBackup on Red Hat Linux, Veeam to Datto Services
Skills: VMware 6.5, Interpersonal Leadership/Team Management, Project Budgeting and Expense management, Site to Site VPN Tunneling, Project Management, Online Storage Solutions, Sophos, Malwarebytes. Security Policy Implementation. Active Directory, LAN/WAN, NAS & SAN Configurations, MAC, PC, Android & iOS Support, Adobe Creative Cloud, NedGraphics, Simparel/Exentago & Thermal Label printer experience.

MTech Solutions New York, NY
11/13 to 6/16 - Computer Technologist (Part Time)
Provided overall computer, network, and email support for various companies in the New York areas.
BlueWolf International New York, NY
11/12 to 3/13 – Information Technology Director
Provided Network Engineering Support for their various clients that needed major network restructuring and analysis done. Companies include Steiner Sports, LLNS (DOS), and various NYC companies damaged by the recent hurricane.

•Managed a team of 3 to provide quick response times to a company of 200.
•Held meetings with the company CFO and managers for project approval and status updates.
•Created a new WSUS 2012 Server along with administered an SMS 2003 Server and installed a SCCM 2007 r2 server.
•Implemented full network migration plans for the companies while accommodating company schedules and minimizing down time.
•Used VM’s to create Windows Server 2012, Windows 7 & 8 Test Environments
•Migrated 3 Active Directory Servers to 3 new Windows Server 2012 Machines, as well as implemented 2 new DHCP Servers using Load-Balancing to resolve AD tombstone error and DCHP addressing issues.
•Configured vCenter Managed ESX hosts for Fault Tolerance.
•Provided Server Maintenance Plans which sped up network performance and minimized major errors considerably.
•Upgraded 4 ESXi Servers from 3.5 & 5.0 to 5.1 using Single Sign On, Including the vCenter management console.
•Installed and Configured SpiceWorks and SolarWinds Orion for network management and administration.
•Ordered new HP Proliant G8 Machines to remove older faulty hardware and to support future upgrades.
•Updated the VM on the ESX Hosts to the newest patches using Update manager in vCenter.
•Convened with outsourced companies to provide improved support during emergency situations.
•Resolved Corrupted SAN vDisk errors and faulty device failures.
•Zoned 12 different SAN Datastores to provide access to all new machines installed.
•Created vSwitch configurations for Fault Tolerance, vMotion and Management access.
•Created external DNS host records & WAN address pointers along with the creation of proper NAT configurations for various company needs
•Memory Upgraded a Cisco ASA 5510 Firewall to 9.1.1 and created both an IPsec VPN connection using AD authentication as well as a Cisco Any Connect VPN Client using SSL.
•Creating working VPN access for Apple & Android devices as well as maintained a Blackberry Enterprise Server.
•Provided new company policies to provide a more secure network
•Migrated a damaged mail store database from Exchange 2003 to a new 2010 Database Store using Swing Migration.
•Resolved vlan issues with HP ProCurve Switches and PC Manager Client.

ACS International New York, NY
Mansueto Ventures - Inc and Fast Company Magazine (Main Site)
Metha Partners (Site 2) + ACS Headquarters (Site 3)

2/06 to 1/09 IT Director
Active IT Project Manager and Lead Network Engineer for ACS International. Assisted by previous architecture designer, 1 programmer, 1 engineer and 3 technicians. Created and administered new Network Topologies for Mansueto Ventures, Metha Partners and the ACS Main Office. Supported PC, Mac and Unix platforms with over 300 users along with 7 offsite locations.

Managed a 5-man team of various skills. Programmer, Pc Specialist, Mac Specialist, Network Architect and a Network Engineer.
Experience with Avaya and Cisco phone systems.
Created a new “Star” topology LAN of 4 DNS (Active Directory) Servers, 1 SMS Server, 1 Live Communications Server, 3 MS Exchange 2003 Servers, 4 VERITAS Backup Servers, 2 SQL 2005 Servers, 1 WSUS server, along with Various PowerEdge and XServe Servers. (OS’s include running Windows Server 2003, Win Server 2008, Mac OS X Server 10.3 and Red Hat Linux.)
Created numerous contingency plans for large international companies.
Configured Company Blackberries, Android Phones, iPhones and like devices
Documented all network related information from all clients within Excel and Word.
Created tutorial videos and instruction books for executives.
Administrated Citrix Metaframe servers, Terminal Services servers, and VMware technologies including ESX 4.0, vSphere 4.0 client, configuring datacenters and clusters in vCenter 4.0 and vSphere licensing.
Created Department UI’s with AD Group Policies in Active directory.
Created a “Tiered” WAN Topology for Metha Partners, including India and China locations.
Assisted in a Oracle Server migration to SQL 2005.
Configured Sonicwall Firewalls with VPN Tunneling between sites running 2 V-Lans.
Installed PineApp Mail Secure Mail Firewall.
Planned and executed full server infrastructure moves from site to site for both Metha Partners and Mansueto Ventures.
Created Exchange servers along with editing MX records and Backup Email Solutions for Emergency Email Blackouts.
Configured EMC Email Extender and Replistore.
Installed and configured Gigabit Switches and Cisco Routers of various types.
Created various department-based scripts to handle network configurations for connections in both VB and Windows Script.
Familiar with Polycom, Netgear, Avaya, and Cisco phone networks.
Experienced With Blackberry Enterprise Server and Push Technology for Windows Mobile Devices
Familiar with SharePoint Services
EDUCATION & CERTIFICATIONS
Lehman Bronx, NY
9/96 to 5/00
Computer Repair, Minor: Music GPA: 3.0, Major GPA: 3.5.
Recipient of the CES A+ Computer Technician Certification, the Certificate of Excellence in Computer Technology and the Computer Excellence Award in Computer Repair.
Contact this candidate