February **, ****

Elizabeth Colado Mobile: +1-954-***-**** E-mail: ad3ojg@r.postjobfree.com

This letter is being submitted as part of my application for the Project Manager 4 position. The required qualifications listed for this role are highly correlated with the experience that I have acquired over the last sixteen years of working in the Information Technology (IT) field. The majority of my contracts have involved highly technical projects. I served as a devoted Network Engineer with Farmers Insurance for many years. It was through that role that I began to manage Farmers' acquisitions and datacenter migrations. I have a Master's degree in Management Information Systems and have earned both the Cisco Certified Network Professional (CCNP) as well as the Project Management Professional (PMP) certifications.

My Network Engineering background enables me, as a Project Manager, to understand technical projects in much greater depth than a non-technical counterpart. This includes, but not limited to, a solid understanding of Change Management, ability to assist with troubleshooting issues, and fluent in the language of technical jargon. My CV displays a proven track record of managing multiple projects simultaneously and successfully driving projects to fruition. The project status reports, executive summaries and meeting minutes are well-written and consistently delivered on a weekly basis, using layman terminology that allows for comprehension across all technical aptitudes/ departments. This aids tremendously with helping each stakeholder remain accountable and abreast. In addition, I reach out directly to the primary resources ensure that they have the support required and to assess their current workload to minimize overallocation. I am forthright in my expression, handle ambiguity with equanimity, and treat each person with the same level of respect regardless of their appellation.

My technical background has also been extremely useful in the identification of potential risks that might become barriers to progression. I genuinely enjoy problem-solving and strategizing, which is why I partake in the sports of Chess and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. My go-to approach for mega projects is taking the overall business objective and dissecting it into manageable series of projects/milestones, each with their own deliverables. Some of these efforts require an Agile approach, shorter intervals of testing and/or execution. Lastly, and on a more personal note, I have been on an extended sabbatical and feel completely rejuvenated and eager to become part of a work family again. My main focus on this active job search is to find a company where I can not only offer my leadership skills and enthusiastic energy, but also become an integral part of its future success and culture.

Sincerely,

Elizabeth Colado
Contact this candidate