Philip Romanow
708-***-**** ad3pgd@r.postjobfree.com Tinley Park, IL 60487
SUMMARY
Tireless NOC Engineer with 10 years providing maximum uptime for network operations and IT assets. Dedicated to around-the-clock ownership of uninterrupted service availability. Specializing in several types of networks. Ready to lead maintenance and expansion of Network Operations Center facilities at any scale.
Performance Engineer with a wide variety of technical skills. Able to troubleshoot issues E2E and collaborate with teams across all aspects of an organization. SKILLS
Tools- Solarwinds, splunk, Netcool, Tableau,
Excel, Teams, Outlook, Word, PowerPoint,
Sharepoint, Kibana, ServiceNow, Putty,
SecureCRT, ping, trace routes, SevOne,
Specialized tools-FlightSummary, KPT (Ku
Provisioning Tool), Sphere, Gitlab
Communication and Team Collaboration
Technical Documentation and Reporting
Technical Support and Assistance
Relationship Building
Critical Thinking
Technical Analysis
RF Engineering
Computer Assisted Engineering CAE
Software
Attention to Detail
RF Engineer US Cellular 1994 Used
propagation tools like Wizard and collected
real world RSSI and quality measurements to
design cell sites and filed necessary
government paperwork including E911
paperwork for same.
Troubleshooting
RF Engineer propagation modeling cellular
network.
Cell tower drawings for upgrades review
NOC Engineering
RF Performance
Point to Point Microwave
EXPERIENCE
NOC Engineer, Intelsat, April 2019-December 2023
Chicago, IL
Provided technical support for Airborne Ku/2Ku networks including teleports, routers and switches
Performed troubleshooting on complex systems to identify root cause of problems. Created detailed documentation of network configurations and changes. Identified potential areas of improvement in the existing network infrastructure. Maintained and monitored system security protocols, policies, and procedures. Developed and implemented strategies for improving network performance. Analyzed and resolved technical issues related to network operations. Provisioned new IT assets such as airborne modems and ACPU and confirmed new installations met established IT standards.
Provided status updates to keep upper management informed and to reach goals. Handled troubleshooting tasks for Airborne Ku/2Ku Satellite Networks to reduce network connectivity problems.
Built and oversaw network infrastructure comprised of various virtual products. Engaged in advanced training and increased troubleshooting knowledge for resolution of highly complex customer issues.
RF Performance Engineer, gogo, September 2012-July 2018 Chicago, IL
Collaborated with Network Operations and Engineering staff to ensure the functionality of in-flight wireless systems by monitoring network, identifying outages and interruptions in service and resolving issues to insure network operation and redundancy.
• Created source code for an Airborne RF Performance tool that showed KPI for the onboard Radio Unit which allowed for quicker and more accurate problem diagnosis.
• Initiated correcting of onboard aircard issues which were causing slow and drop call experiences to the end-user resulting in faster more accurate troubleshooting
• Concluded underperformance of specific antenna location on airplanes was due to planes' physical limitations thus saving unnecessary reconfiguration cost.
• Monitor, report, analyze and troubleshoot CORE RAN (BSC, PDSN, AAA)
• Provide a weekly RAN performance reports
• Provide high and mid-level service capabilities which are useful for trending the performance of the cards, CPUs and hard drives within the BSC, PDSN.
• Supported hardware product implementation to upgrade air to ground network.
• Signaling trace on a single live tail after the change to ensure that the system is still authenticating calls from the aircards on the tails.
• Created the source code for Vlan631 and Vlan632 traffic threshold alarms. RF Engineer, T-Mobile, August 2010-April 2011
Chicago, IL
Worked with site acquisition to determine RF viability of candidate sites. Site search drive with site acquisition
Work with RF manager to determine if some questionable candidates are deemed viable (meet enough of the coverage objective) using before and after maps generated in MapInfo. Generate RF Configuration Sheet for construction. Reviewed construction drawings. Generated RFCIQ which is all the RF data in one spreadsheet which is to be loaded into the switch. Propagation Tools: Asset.
Sweeps review.
In-Building DAS End to End: Neutral Host 2G GSM / 3G UMTS. IPBTS: Configure IP Access nano cell's RF Parameters and IP information in IP Config file for deployment.
Call customers to set up walk tests. Determined how many IPBTS units to use. Determined where IPBTS units were to be placed taking into consideration floor traffic, current signal strength, where the executive offices were, proximity to LAN Hub,
construction of walls. Generate Business case. Create Site In Prop tool. Build Neighbor list. Populate fields in database (Insite) and submit for Hard Cost / Soft Cost budget. Generate Work Order. Set up in E-911 database.
Walk Test: Using TEMS kit walk test areas to be covered by a business solution. Used TEMS and MapInfo to post process TEMs data.
AIMs tickets: Use Customer Care Tickets to spot RF issues in the network and start the trouble shooting process.
Check stats for associated site with AIMS ticket.
Follow up with key people to ensure trouble is being corrected in network. Follow up with customer once problem has been resolved to verify problem is gone. EDUCATION AND TRAINING
Some College (No Degree)
CISCO Routing And Switching, IT Career Lab, Chicago, IL March 2019 The CISCO Network Academy
Bachelor of Arts
Mathematics, Governors State University, Park Forest IL December 1997 Associate of Science
Engineering (Pre-Engineering), Moraine Valley Community College, Palos Hills IL May 1986
Contact this candidate