Nasrin Eshaghi

ad3piz@r.postjobfree.com
(C) 703-***-****

Summary
Solutions-oriented network security engineer, solid background and extensive experience in security solutions and troubleshooting large-scale network buildouts and expansions, collaborative system testing and deployment. Excels at solving challenging issues related to security and network systems.

Education and Training
Bachelor of Information Technology/Cyber Security at Strayer University 2018, GPA 4.0
Palo Alto Networks Firewall Essentials: Configuration and Management (EDU-210), December 2018
Palo Alto Networks Panorama Managing Firewalls at Scale (EDU-220), December 2018
F5 Configuring BIG-IP LTM, DNS and APM May 2018
Cisco Meraki, June 2019
ITIL Foundation v3
Certifications
CCNA 200-120: Routing and Switching
CompTIA Security+ SY0-401 Certified

Experience
Security Engineer
Amalgamated Bank

Design, implement and manage security policies for all industry standard Data Loss Prevention (DLP) solutions
Partner with Information Security ensuring security infrastructure is in compliance with standards and policies
Perform daily configuration, management and troubleshooting of security infrastructure devices
Experienced with Microsoft 365 E5 Suite, Microsoft Defender, Microsoft DLP, Forcepoint DLP, CarbonBlack, ...
Create rules that protect sensitive data within the corporate network, keeping the data both safe and compliant
Resolve and troubleshoot organization security incidents

Network Engineer
Equinix
March 2018 to August 2021
Joined Equinix to be a part of a network team to perform network and security engineering tasks on all IBXs and data centers to provide global enterprise class network reliability. As a network engineer, performed a crucial role in building out new acquisitions and maintaining network connectivity and performance of over 400 IBX data centers worldwide. Team oriented and collaborates to achieve the team’s goals and objectives.
Approve and implement firewall policies on over 500 Palo Alto network firewalls throughout the global enterprise network using Panorama. Perform security policy tests prior to firewall policy implementation, create user-ID’s, templates stacks, shared policies, pre/post rules, object/address groups and URL filtering. Troubleshoot traffic flows using traffic monitoring from log collectors. Provision and configure firewall interfaces, HA groups, routing protocols such as OSPF, BGP and static routes.
Knowledge of OSI, TCP/IP Networking, IP addressing, routing/subnetting, LAN, WAN, Access Control List, …
Understanding of public key infrastructure (PKI) and cryptographic protocols, encryption
Familiarity with security frameworks and risk management methodologies
Understand system attack methodologies and security vulnerabilities
Knowledge of Cybersecurity and Cyber threats

Network Support II
SPRINT Network Operation Center- Reston, Virginia
March 2017-2018

Proactive monitoring and troubleshooting MPLS backbone networks, circuit related outages, WAN/ LAN. in a network operations environment
Troubleshoot network to identify and resolve problems involving major internet routing protocols BGP, OSPF, MPLS, and connectivity testing of networking devices
Perform root cause analysis of incident tickets, documents findings in tickets, escalate incidents as required
Engaging and coordinating with internal support teams (tier 3, transport, and field engineers) as required for troubleshooting and isolation of issues.
Records daily network statistics, leverage monitoring tools for the proactive monitoring of network status and timely response to potential problems

Telecommunication Designer
BC Architects Engineers, PLC- Falls church, VA
April 2014 – March 2017

Design and documentation of the facilities for several wireless communication clients such as AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile, Jacobs...
Designed plans and details for the construction of wireless communications antennas, towers and related equipment in a variety of configurations.
Developed telecommunication drawings from conceptual to final.

Structural Designer
Super Panel Engineering Company
September 2005- August 2011

Used AutoCAD to show detail shots in order to conceptualize building design and to give a big-picture idea of the project
Utilized AutoCAD for concept design, piping, Mechanical Electrical plumbing (MEP). Worked directly with architects to produce concept, design development and construction documents for government projects using National CAD Standard
Contact this candidate