Page * *
Technically sophisticated with proven success leading network/information security improvement initiatives and delivering technical services across network and security domains to achieve optimum efficiencies and service quality. Proficient in prioritizing complex IT projects, including network migration/consolidation and IT systems modernization through resource scheduling and risk mitigation. Skilled at establishing strong networks and managing network access control systems in communications industry. Solid track record of leading execution of technological functions, including developing and maintaining networks and implementing complex architectures to drive enhanced process improvements.
Highly skilled Network Engineer with expertise in configuring routers, switches, and firewalls using IOS, IOS-XE, and JunOS.
Proven track record in designing and implementing robust networks, conducting pre/post-checks, upgrading IOS, and resolving complex issues.
Proficient in QoS, VPN, network monitoring tools, protocol analysis, and automation, with additional competencies in VMware, Linux, VoIP (Asterisk), and WLAN (Meraki, Ubiquity).
Adept at assessing networking/security systems, motivating cross-functional teams, and fostering strategic partnerships. Areas of Expertise
Professional Experience
Konar, Chelyabinsk, Russia
Network voice engineer (contract) 2022 – 2023
Integrated the existing voice system into the new Cisco CUCM solution.
Maintained IP Voice Private Branch Exchange.
Secured the voice system with the SRTP and TLS protocols. Lantan LLC, Chelyabinsk, Russia 2015 – 2022
Senior Network Engineer
Identified vulnerabilities and resolved network issues such as QoS problems, channel overload, and loss of connection by negotiating regular network audits. Demonstrated expertise in installing and configuring Asterisk VoIP servers, contributing to enhanced communication processes.
Aleksandr Kovalev
Network Engineer
ad3wle@r.postjobfree.com • 646-***-****
New York, NY, 10018, US
https://www.linkedin.com/in/aleksandr-kovalev-3a3b8851/
Network Management
Business Continuity
Network Performance Improvement
IT Strategy &Projects Roadmap
Installation & Configuration
Network/Server Administration
Root Cause Analysis
People Management
Documentation & Reporting
Page 2 2
Achieved zero network downtime by implementing a reserve for the mission-critical nodes and components, as well as data-link channels.
Designed and implemented network infrastructure for a corporate data transmission network, comprising a head office and 30 branch offices with hundreds of network devices and up to a thousand hosts.
Boosted overall network performance by 20% through strategic problem-solving and optimization.
Maintained network currency through systematic firmware upgrades, updates, and patches, enhancing overall reliability and mitigating vulnerabilities across diverse network environments. Evrosvyaz LLC, Chelyabinsk, Russia 2009 – 2015
Network Engineer
Directed the design of a VoIP telecom network solution by utilizing Cisco and HP equipment. Oversaw the installation, configuration, and operation of servers, switches, and routers. Strategically resolved complex network issues such as Quality of Service (QoS) and network performance.
Formulated comprehensive network solutions encompassing hardware, software, and security measures to optimize network operations, enhance efficiency, and fortify organizational requirements.
Crafted a scalable and well-designed network architecture aligned with business goals, significantly elevating network performance, reliability, and flexibility.
Reduced downtime, improved reliability, and heightened end-user satisfaction by swiftly and effectively resolving network issues through adept troubleshooting.
Education
Masters in Radio Electronic Devices
Chelyabinsk Polytechnic Institute
Certifications
Certificate Cisco CCNA Routing and Switching, May 2023
Contact this candidate