Alan Osterhage
Miamisburg, Ohio ***** 937-***-**** ad3ye1@r.postjobfree.com

NETWORK ENGINEER
Highly motivated and detail-oriented Network Engineer offering 7+ years of experience in the field. Track record of achievement managing local technical projects and maintaining or creating policies, procedures, and processes.
Seasoned professional, successfully mentoring and leading teams. Efficiently learns and masters new technologies while working in both team and self-directed settings.
KEY SKILLS
Leadership Project Management Time Management Project Delivery Analytical Thinking Problem-Solving Work Ethic

TECHNICAL SKILLS
SD WAN (Velo, Versa and Viptela) CCNA Qualified Cisco routing Cisco switching Meraki appliances FortiGate Firewalls BGP EIGRP OSPF Linux ACL's SLA STP HSRP DMVPN MPLS TCP/IP
IPSEC/ GRE Tunnels WAN/LAN Solar Winds Windows OS Linux
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Robert Half / Perry Protech, Dayton, Ohio
Sr. Infrastructure Engineer
Consultant 08/2023 - 11/2023
Worked on temporary project to configure and install FortiGate firewalls 40F 60F in client environments.

Amazon, Hebron, KY 08/2021 - 03/2023
Lead It Engineer
Provided senior support to technicians for customer facing issues with infrastructure and platforms. Worked on data cabling and systems administration in a variety of software and hardware environments. Designed and integrated Cisco LAN networks.
Project manager for all IT related projects using Clarity.
Ensured infrastructure networking and computing systems remained available during production hours. Interacted with management and staff to provide analytical and technical assistance for continuous improvement of IT solutions.
Configured and integrated new Cisco 9000 series switches. Managed local technical projects and maintained or created policies, procedures, and processes.
Identified root-causes of operational issues and process inefficiencies.
Mentored junior team members.

Verizon Lifecycle Architecture & Engineering, Cincinnati, OH 07/2019 - 01/2021
Lead Network Engineer
Promoted to Lead Engineer on a network refresh project for Proctor & Gamble client.
Designed, configured and supervised all aspects of a layer 2 network refresh for P&G sites worldwide.
Using client specific standards, worked with vendors to perform ekahau wireless surveys and onsite network surveys and build network design based of client standards including, but not limited to, rack elevations, network diagram, low level and high-level design documentation, cost benefit analysis, bill of materials and shipping organization for entire project.
Supervised onsite Vendors on installation set up and launch of new networks designed.

CDK Global, Norwood, OH 07/2016 - 07/2019
Network Engineer
Managed Cisco based networks for automobile dealerships nationwide. Static route design configuration and implementation.
Managed and troubleshot VLAN, IPSLA, SDWAN, EIGRP, BGP.
Installed running configurations on new routers and switches. Coordinated DHCP pools creation and implementation on routers and Layer 3 switches. Configured Metro-E connections between locations. Managed troubled SDN circuits and set up HSRP. Site-to-site GRE tunnels on Cisco routers.
Monitored using PRTG and SolarWinds. ISP changes. Cisco and non-Cisco VoIP exposure. Nat/Pat configuration. Configuration of ACLs for proper network security.
Cisco ASA configuration troubleshooting included working with clients, teaching them how to use Cisco VPN Client and AnyConnect to perform work remotely.
Meraki wireless ap's, switches and MX64 security appliances. Managed, maintained and implemented upgrades and troubleshot connectivity using the Meraki dashboard Gui. Familiar with most aspects of working with meraki devices in basic layer 2 networks, gained experience setting up the meraki mx64 as an edge device for Velo SD-Wan implementations.

Tier III Technical support, Blue Ash, OH 11/2012 - 07/2016
Timer Warner Cable
Diagnosed and troubleshot VoIP Phone service, Wireless networks, High end cable networks using ATG Unified and SERV assure diagnostic tools.
Designed and configured residential Internet and Wireless. Worked with Field Engineers to troubleshoot di7cult plant related outages and issues.
Executed system maintenance and assisted customers with related problems.
Diagnosed connectivity issues associated with VoIP transmissions and Internet Provisioned tested and launched new VoIP systems.
I have received multiple performance awards.

ADDITIONAL RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
General Motors Corp Moraine assembly, Moraine, OH
Repair Technician/UOP
Utility Operator for Production - Performed assembly work for any location without training. I was able to jump on the job at a moment’s notice to cover my associates for breaks and vacations. Built/Assembled working vehicle on a fast-paced production line.
Repair Technician - Repair assembly work done by associates on a moving production line. Performed daily maintenance at designated down times and assisted facilities with plant or Line emergencies. Trained and mentored as team lead for production associates.

EDUCATION
Associates Network Engineering (CNE)
Sinclair College, Dayton, Ohio
TRAINING
CCNA Qualified Cisco Academy Graduate
Fortinet NES3 Certified [8NALcMMVDa]
Cisco Network Fundamentals
Cisco Routing and switching
Cisco routing and protocol
Meraki security appliances, Wireless and Velo SDWAN
Contact this candidate