Harish Kumar
757-***-**** https://www.linkedin.com/pub/harish-kumar/6b/763/b55 ad3zyn@r.postjobfree.com

Infrastructure & Virtualization Engineer
VMware Windows Admin Exchange Storage Security Network Azure Cloud

Extensive professional experience in the IT industry, as a Lead Senior Systems Engineer specialized in handling large and diverse networks. Proficient in areas of design, implementation, integration and providing solutions on Microsoft Windows, Web environments, Security, Azure Cloud and Virtualized Infrastructure. Vast experience in Virtualization (VMware and Hyper-V) and Storage Administration, Windows Administration (Active Directory and Exchange Server), Networking (LAN&WAN). Designs complex solutions which integrate AWS cloud, On premise physical and Virtual server, EC2, S3 storage, networking, and security. Excellent team player with good communication and leadership skills. Additional strengths and skills include:

Broad experience with Architecture, designing, implementing, and troubleshooting VMware ESXi server, VMware Virtual Center, setting up V-Motion, HA, DRS, SRM, vReplication, vRealize Automation, vRealize Operations and related VMware products such as VM Workstation, P2V converters, Virtual Desktop, VM Backup products and other products for virtualization.
A firm understanding of all kinds of installation methods of Windows Servers such as Windows 2012/2016/2019, Office365, Exchange Server, SQL server, Project server and Solaris etc.
Experience with performance monitoring, system testing, OS upgrade, and software patch Installation and testing in a VMware and Windows environment
Solid knowledge of Cloud Computing and concepts and services: EC2, VPC, Auto-scaling, Elastic Load Balancing (ELB), S3, EBS, Glacier, RDS, CloudFront, Route53, CloudWatch, CloudTrail, CloudFormation, IAM, SNS.
Hands-on experience in implementing Hardware cluster using with HP and Dell Blade Servers. Hands-on experience in implementing and Administrating Application Virtualization (XenApp and XenDesktop Server) & VDI and Commvault Galaxy Data & Veeam.
Experience with security concepts of virtualization systems and current storage techniques (SAN/NAS/iSCSI).
Experience in Linux System Administration (Red hat, Suse-SLES), Unix System Administration.
Experience Architecting and managing a large, highly available Windows server farm consisting of Development, QA, UAT, Production and Contingency environments.
Ability to conduct internal and external audits, coordinating such with Inside and outside agencies to provide detailed reports on the results.
Hands on experience in Event Management tools like Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) and Solar winds.
Experience with creating and modifying scripts to configure and automate common tasks with power CLI/PowerShell.
Working knowledge of agile-sprint (JIRA) and traditional waterfall project management methodologies. Ability to track and report on status of projects assigned.
Technical Proficiencies

Operating Systems: Windows 2019/2016/2012 Server, Windows 10 and11, Red hat Linux, Solaris, (Mac) Panther, Open Filer and FreeNAS.
Messaging: Microsoft Exchange Server 2007 and 2010.
Backup / Recovery: Commvault Galaxy Data Projection, Veenam, Veritas IDR (Intelligent Disaster recovery), Backup Agents for MS Exchange, SQL server and VMware Virtual Center and ESX Servers.
Web / Security: Internet Information Services 6.0/7.0/8.0 Apache Server, Microsoft Internet Security and Acceleration Server, Surf Control, Microsoft Proxy Server, and Qualys Vulnerability Management, Infoblox.
Hardware: HP Blade and PROLIANT Range of Servers, Dell Power Edge and IBM X series Range of Servers, HP
and IBM range of PC’s HP/IBM
Networks: Cisco Firewall/Router and Switches, Bluecoat ProxySG, 3 COM, Foundry, NOTREL and Dlink Switches.100/1000 Mbps full and half-duplex Ethernet and Fiber Backbones, Polycom & Avaya VOIP Phones.
Tools: XenApp 6.5 and XenDesktop 7.0, McAfee Antivirus, McAfee Security Information and Event Management (SIEM), WS_FTP, Symantec PCAnywhere 12.0, Solarwind and OP Manager, Go to Assist, Lansweeper, Dame ware, VNC, Remote Desktop Connection and Microsoft WSUS, DUO (MFA), Infoblox
Software and Database: C,C++, Java, MS Team Found Server 2012, SharePoint Server 2007, Commerce Server 2002/2007, Visual Basic, Visual Source Safe 2005, SQL 2008/2014, Oracle.
Scripting: VMware PowerCLI, PowerShell, Python.
Project Management Solution: Project Server 2007 and Project Pro 2007.

Work Experience
Robert Half, Virginia Beach, VA 2023-Current
System Administrator
Administration and troubleshooting of VMware vCenter and ESXi Server, VM Workstation and VMs
Manage Active Directory and all directory service technologies including GPO, DNS and DHCP
Configure and maintain firewalls to protect our network and data from unauthorized access and security threats.
Troubleshoot and maintain Layer 3 networking equipment and protocols to ensure reliable and efficient data transmission.
Administer and maintain Windows Server environments, including updates, patches, and system optimizations.
Implement and manage backup solutions and disaster recovery plans to safeguard critical data and ensure business continuity.
Diagnose and resolve hardware and software issues, providing timely support to end-users and escalating complex problems as needed.
Maintain clear and comprehensive documentation of system configurations, procedures, and troubleshooting steps.

ADP, Norfolk, VA 2016 - 2023
Infrastructure & Virtualization Engineer
Implementing, tuning, maintaining VMware based solutions. Experience building scalable, highly available, mission critical virtual infrastructures. Install, test, and validate ESXi and VMware vSphere core components (vCenter, SSO, VSAN, VUM, SRM, vReplication, vRA, vRO, vROPs &VDI etc.) on bare metal systems.
Develops and maintains operational guidelines/documentation for the maintenance and support of the virtual infrastructure.
Build, configure and deploy VMs and templates. Physical-to-Virtual (P2V), Virtual-to-Virtual (V2V) and Virtual-to-Physical (V2P) migration of 2008,2012 and 2016 as well as Linux servers from VMware, Hyper-V, Xen, and legacy hardware.
Understanding of SAN as it pertains to the virtual environment (adding/removing datastores. Knowledge of different storage protocols and how configuration differs within vSphere) & Troubleshooting.
Developing virtual desktop solutions using VMware technologies (Horizon View, ThinApp and vSphere)..
Manage Active Directory and all directory service technologies including GPO, DNS and DHCP and Installing, configuring Windows OS &Custom OS and configure Network and Storage.
Applying latest security patches (WSUS & SCCM), Antivirus updates across the network.
Administration and troubleshooting of Windows 2012/2016/2019 Server and Office 365
Maintaining VMware vROps and reporting for confirmation, troubleshooting, and capacity planning.
Creating and modifying scripts to configure and automate common tasks with power CLI/Python and Power Shell.
Performance analysis for both the ESX host and their guests in the areas of CPU, Memory, and I/O utilization.
Collaborates with other IT teams in the implementation of processes which enhance the stability of IT and business operations.
Participates in Business planning, IT Strategy and setting direction from the perspective of Virtualization Implementation Engineering.
Installing, configuring, and all manners of server hardware (HP &Dell Blade Servers) and associated network equipment, including SCSI, RAID, and I/O topology.
Applies technical knowledge of networks, operating systems, and utilities to the VMware environment.
Provides guidance to management for changes related to virtual infrastructure.
Maintains awareness of VMware software patches and their impact on the environment.
Monitoring the tickets, communicating with requestor and review, update tasks spreadsheet quickly.

Dupont Sustainable Solutions, Virginia Beach, VA 2011 - 2016
Senior Network Engineer
Design and perform server and security audits, system backup procedures, and other recovery processes in accordance with the company’s disaster recovery and business continuity strategies. Architecture, design, install, configure VMware ESXi, vSphere 5 and 5.5 environments with Virtual Center management, Consolidated Backup, DRS, HA, DPM, vMotion, VMware Data Recovery, VMware Site Recovery Manager (SRM), vCenter Operations Manager, ThinApp and VMware View desktop virtualization infrastructure (VDI.
Build, configure and deploy VMs and templates. Physical-to-Virtual (P2V), Virtual-to-Virtual (V2V) and Virtual-to-Physical (V2P) migration of 2000, 2003, 2008, and 2012 as well as Linux servers from VMware, Hyper-V, Xen and legacy hardware.
Installed and configured servers as per application requirements.
Supported critical network services including Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, and Web services.
Managed the Windows 2012 Active Directory and MS Exchange server 2010 for 24/7 uptime for entire DuPont Sustainable Solution’s site.
Administer and maintained over 3500 user’s domain at Datacenter and Shared Services Center as Globally.
Lead the Level II team (Global IT Help Desk) 24/5.
Administering and Troubleshooting Citrix XenApp and XenDesktop with Multiple Sites and farms and Distributed File System.
Architect, Design and implement DELL and HP SAN environments to ensure high availability and acceptable performance characteristics for VMware vSphere and SAN-backed applications.
Work with all users and developers of IIS based applications to ensure timely production deployments, application stability and availability.
Installing, configuring, and maintaining all manners of server hardware (HP and Dell Blade Servers) and associated network equipment, including SCSI, RAID, and I/O topology.
Facilitating effective utilization of infrastructure across the organization.
Performing a vulnerability assessment on Production and UAT and internal servers without encountering any down time.
Maintaining Commvault backups and restores of the Production and UAT and Development data.
Investigate and troubleshoot any problems related to the platform. Upgrades planned and implemented.
Perform ongoing performance tuning, hardware upgrades, and resource optimization as required. Configure CPU, memory, and disk partitions as required.
Upgrade and configure system software that supports infrastructure applications or Asset Management applications per project or operational needs.
Applying latest security patches (WSUS &SCCM), Antivirus updates across the network.
Administration and Troubleshooting of Project Server 2007 and SQL 2005/2008 Databases.
Proactive monitoring of network services in order that met SLA requirements of internal customers.
Preparing documentation of service deliverables like server management, Backup management and Antivirus management.
Applying latest security patches (WSUS 3.0), Antivirus updates across the network.
Providing management reports on resource utilization, e.g., utilization of servers, storage, Internet etc.

Coastal Training Technologies, Chennai, India 2003 - 2011
Lead IT Operations
Installing and configuring servers as per application requirements. Supporting critical network services including Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, WINS, Web services. Managing the Windows 2003 Active Directory and MS Exchange servers for 24/7 uptime. Creating OU structure and applying Group Policies for securing the desktops and Users and to delegate the administration control.
Administration and troubleshooting of VMware ESX and ESXi Server, VM Workstation and VMs.
Administering Juniper Routers, Foundry, and 3Com Switches, PacketShaper.
Work with all users and developers of IIS based applications to ensure timely production deployments, application stability and availability.
Analyzing system logs and identifying potential issues with servers and Desktops.
Facilitating effective utilization of infrastructure across the organization.
Maintaining backups and restores of the Production and Development data.
Provide support for network operational trouble/failure resolution on a daily basis.
Perform ongoing performance tuning, hardware upgrades, and resource optimization as required. Configure CPU, memory, and disk partitions as required.
Perform daily systems monitoring, verifying the integrity and availability of all hardware, server resources, systems and key processes, reviewing system and application logs.
Management applications per project or operational needs.
Introducing and integrating new technologies into the Data Center environments.
Applying latest security patches (WSUS 3.0), Antivirus updates across the network.
Administration and Troubleshooting of Project Server 2007 and SQL 2000/2005 Databases.
Administration and Troubleshooting of FreeNAS, Open Filer and Polycom VOIP Phones.
Proactive monitoring of network services in order to meet SLA requirements of internal customers.
Preparing documentation of service deliverables like server management, Backup management and Antivirus management.
Maintaining Software Assets including licenses and third-Party Vendor Interaction.
Providing management reports on resource utilization e.g., utilization of servers, storage, Internet etc.

Education and Certifications

Master of Science-Information Technology, University of Madras, Chennai-India
Bachelor of Commerce, University of Madras, Chennai-India

Certified Ethical Hacker – CEH (License ID-ECC72019011347).
VMware Certified Professional on Network Virtualization (ID-VMW-00282590H-00037078).
VMware Certified Professional on vSphere (VCP 8.0-DCV) (ID-VMW-00282590H-00037078).
VMware Certified Professional on vSphere (VCP 7.0-DCV) (ID-VMW-00282590H-00037078).
VMware Certified Professional on vSphere (VCP 6.7-DCV) (ID-VMW-00282590H-00037078).
Microsoft Certified IT Professional (Enterprise Administrator) (License Number-3386588).
Microsoft Certified IT Professional (Server Administrator) (License Number-3386588).
Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate (Windows Server 2012) (License Number-3386588).
Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate (Windows Server 2008) (License Number-3386588).
Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist (Exchange Server 2007) (License Number-3386588).
Microsoft Certified Professional (License Number-3386588).
Microsoft Certified Azure Administrator (In progress).
Contact this candidate