CARL E. PARSONS
Mechanicsville, VA ***** 804-***-**** ad3zsm@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/carl-parsons-a3b0b856/

SENIOR NETWORK TECHNICIAN/MANAGER

Professional Technical Consulting Engineer with extensive IT experience, specializing in management, design, implementation, and diagnostics. Proven expertise in technical network engineering and customer relations management. Known for adaptability, team collaboration, and a strong work ethic. Skilled in planning and implementing network projects, ensuring timely and successful completion. Tenacious problem solver dedicated to achieving mission goals.

CAREER ACHIEVEMENTS

Extensive experience as an Engineer in a Cisco Network environment, involvement includes working in all aspects of maintaining and expanding LAN/WAN network environments across various accounts while employed by AT&T and IBM. Notable clients served include AvisBudget, Wyndham Worldwide, Realogy, Coldwell Banker, and Altria/Phillip Morris.
Provided support for a variety of networks, encompassing campus networks, primary support sites, and Data Centers, including world headquarters of multiple companies.
Wired, installed, maintained, and upgraded various network devices, such as Cisco Routers/Switches, including Cisco Nexus 9Ks and Cisco Catalyst models, within Data Center environments.
Maintained network operating systems, including NX-OS, IOS, and COS. Collaborated closely with the Firewall team to implement Cisco ASA and Palo Alto Firewalls within the environments.

CORE COMPETENCIES

ServiceNow and Managenow for Inventory and Change Management.
Cisco DNA, Cisco Prime infrastructure for Wireless and Network management. Netbrain, Voyence, Vitalnet, Solarwinds, Global Provisioning System. Cisco RMA process, and etcetera.
Network Sniffers, (Wireshark), and Fluke Line testers.
Microsoft Office Suite

EXPERIENCE
AT&T February 2008 – November 2023
Professional-Technical Consulting Engineer, Integrator SOL-Managed Services-Operations, Business Solutions-Global Business
Senior Network Engineer, delivering network technical support for multiple AT&T/IBM customer contracts. Provided and maintained network connectivity for 1500+ Cisco network devices spanning several states.
Serve as Primary Network Engineer for all accounts worked on, Senior Network Engineer role includes leading several projects, offering day-to-day support for the installed network equipment base, and performing MAC activities to meet customer requirements. Supported projects have included:
Lead Network LAN engineer in replacing/upgrading the Core network for Altria.
Performed setup and replacement of several hundreds of Wireless APs for Altria Headquarters and manufacturing sites. One example was the design, setup and installation of a network in a new building, connecting the new network to an existing Campus Network.
Oversaw decommission and redeployment of network device surpluses as result of building shutdowns.
Lead Network Engineer for decommissioning and setup of the LAN for several satellite sites.
Acted as Lead Network representative for Network Disaster Recovery exercises for the AvisBudget and Altria accounts.

Carl E. Parsons ad3zsm@r.postjobfree.com Page Two

ADDITIONAL RELEVANT EXPERIENCE

IBM Global Services
Network Engineer

IBM Global Services
Systems Management Professional

Cendant IT
Senior Computer Technician (Systems Technician and Coordinate Projects)

US Navy
Honorable Discharge (7 years active and 4 years active/inactive reserve duty, ending during active phase as a Second Class Petty Officer Managing the Naval War Gaming in Newport Road Island)

EDUCATION

Self-Study, online and required courses for AT&T, (AT&T PLE Management, Corporate, Networking, Social, Ethics, Routers and Switches), incorporating from AT&T Web-based training, LinkedIn Learning Center, to other courses from Harvard, 2008-2023 for over 800 courses. Courses from Cisco, including CCNA, CCNP, ACI, Meraki

Studied courses in corporate training, for the Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer NT 4.0
Briarcliffe College, Bethpage, NY
Data Processing Technician
Navy-SSC, NTC, San Diego, CA

Basic Electronics and Electricity
"A" School
Navy, SSC, NTC, San Diego, CA

Volunteer Service
Cub and Scouts of America, Involved with the Scouts and Service through the Scouts for over 10 years.
Assistant Scout Master
Contact this candidate