Waleed Abu-Obeid
Sr. Network Engineer with Secret Clearances & Designated Official Status - GCP
Cell: 647-***-**** ad41mp@r.postjobfree.com Home: 905-***-****

Profile

A driven, results-centered LAN / MAN / WAN / Wi-Fi & Telecom Specialist with over 25 years of progressive,
hands-on professional experience managing and implementing numerous high profile I.T. projects, with vendors like Cisco, HP, IBM, Juniper, Palo Alto, Dell, Fortinet, etc. This including but not limited to the information High-Tech industry, Data Management & Voice Recording, Video Conferencing, CCTV Video Monitoring and Telecom industry sectors, supported by the following Key Qualifications:

Versatile, Adaptable Technical Specialist
Technical Management Specialist
Network Systems Developer
Procedures Implementation Expert
“Out-of-the-Box” Problem Solver
Motivating, Results-Centred Team Leader
Multitasking, Detailed Planner/Organizer
Action-Oriented Client Service Professional

Skills & Technical Expertise

Network Operating Systems
Experience in Systems Engineering defense industry.
Cisco CCNA/CCNP, VPN Security, Wireless – Wi-Fi (Cisco, Motorola & Icomera), Windows Servers/Virtual (MS-Hyper-V), using Active (LDAP) Directory, GPO & Security Policies. Configured client workstations Win/7/8/10/11 to join corporate domains using Dot 1X, supported by CA servers.
I have solid experience working as a Network Design engineer as well as have implemented large enterprise networks for Core, Distributed and Access level switches. My experience is in variety of Cisco switches such as Nexus and enterprise catalyst switches, such as Cisco 9200, 9300, 9400 and 9500 series. Also, I have also deployed HP, Avaya, Fortinet and Dell switches for both layer 2 and layer 3 functionality.
I have provisioned several large enterprise migrations that requires designing and implementing of new switch infrastructure for host connectivity. At layer 2 level, I have design and implemented VLANs, Port-Channel, Ether-Channel, LACP, Trunking and host-based configuration as well as Spanning-Tree, UDLD, CDP/LLDP and port security. I have performed configuration of NIC-binding and port-based load balancing on different types of switches.
I have implemented numerous installations of host connectivity requirements such as Ethernet cables (Cat 5E, Cat 6/A & few Cat 7), Fiber Cables (both single mode and multi-mode fibers), Management port cables, Patch panel to accommodate several thousand host in a large enterprise environment.
Advanced knowledge in LAN/MAN/WAN/Wi-Fi and all of the following protocols, TCP/IP suite, DHCP, DNS, WINS, Routing, RIP, OSPF, QoS, EIGRP, BGP, HSRP/VRRP/GLBP, NAT/PAT, STP & VTP.
Deployed 802.1X EAP-TLS Authentication, using Cisco ISE in enterprise infrastructure environment.
Telecom Circuit Design utilizing WAN topologies such as: MPLS, Fractional T1/T3/T4, Frame Relay, ISDN, DSL/Cable Modems, ATM, SONET/SDH and classical Analog modems.
Experienced with network tools such as Monitoring, SNMP/NMS, FTP, SSH, Telnet and PC-Anywhere.
Experienced with Ticketing tools such as Remedy and ServiceNow.
Skilled in the design of multi-VLAN layer 2 STP (Spanning Tree Protocol) environment.
Cisco-ISRs, ASA/FWSM firewall appliances, Remote Access and VPN/DMVPN.
Experienced in implementation, configuration and troubleshooting multi-vendor (Cisco/HP/Dell/Ruggedcom/Data Diodes, etc.) networks.
Experienced in integrating SCADA hardware to fully meshed network environment.
Knowledge & experience of IT-OT SCADA design and process control.
Played a functioning part of the Public Safety establishment while providing IT services to the 911 Emergency Services divisions for various municipalities across Ontario.
Gained substantial safety experience while employed for Dictaphone Canada.
Knowledge of Clarity project management software.
Provided with a mandated safety training - PTC, while working for the MTA (Metropolitan Transportation Authority - NY). This also, applies to daily duties while working at Metrolinx (GO) Transit.

Professional Experience
Sr. Network Engineer, House of Commons (Jan. 2024 – Present)
Analyzed VoIP, Wireless, and Wired IP switched networks for installation in LAB & Production environments.
Implemented action plans to complete the deployment and testing of new network gear requiring
collaboration with Network Implementation (cabling), Network Operations and Network Development teams
Provided technical support for the day-to-day preparations within individual projects
in production and in Lab to ensure successful deployments.
Produced documentation of hardware updates and provided the results of acceptance test plans
for Nexus-9K, Catalyst-9K, Cisco IE3400, SDA, etc
Built and validated networking solution prototypes using new technologies and
configurations in lab environment prior deployment (e.g., switches, wireless
APs, SDA, Nexus and Cisco’s DNA center)
Troubleshot issues that occur during the installation phase and followed up after the installation of new hardware equipment,
Provisioned of new network hardware in Datacenters, including integration and maintenance.
Mentored co-op students and assist them through various duties such as version
Acceptance tests, testing of scripts such as 802.1x audits.
Updated hardware record information.

Network Engineer, Centrilogic Inc., Toronto, ON (Aug. 2023 – Nov. 2023)
Responsible for designing, implementing, monitoring, and managing the local and wide area networks of an organization to ensure maximum uptime for users.
Designed and implemented new network solutions and/or improving the efficiency on existing networks.
Installed, configured and supported Cisco, Juniper, Fortinet and Palo Alto network equipment including routers, firewalls, proxy servers, switches, DNS and DHCP.
Configured various firewalls, routers, and switches to maximize network efficiency and security.
Maximized network performance through ongoing monitoring and troubleshooting.
Arranged scheduled upgrades.
Investigated faults in the network.
Provisioned network cabling infrastructure (Copper & Fiber) in Datacenters.
Performed routine firmware updates to network hardware.
Reported network status to key stakeholders.
Worked closely with customers to schedule Change Requests and provide updates on the progress.

Sr. Network/System Engineer, General Dynamics Mission Systems, Ottawa, ON (Jul. 2021 – March 2023)
Provided engineering support & analysis to DND tactical (TacNET) network infrastructure, mainly the Canadian Armed Forces.
Defined technical specifications based on customer requirement
Developed an Integration, Verification, and Validation solutions.
Consolidated technical activities related to the following hardware and software capabilities:
o Physical/Virtual Network configuration (including black and red routers, and managed switches).
o Virtual or Software Defined Network configuration.
o Network planning, topology, and schema.
o Virtual Private Networks (VPNs).
o Gateways.
o WAN optimizers (SteelHead Riverbed).
o Firewalls and network security encryptors, hardware and software.
o Integration with cryptographic devices.
o Integration with carrier systems (such as satellite and radio bearers).
o Virtual Appliances.
o VOIP telephony.
o Network build tasks and automation tools (such as Ansible and related tools).
o Network Management software and tools.
Implemented solution to resolve technical issues involving hardware/software
Undertook technical projects from concept to deployment.
Maintained System Management (SM) procedures documentation, this includes design and installation, update and configuration instructions.
Interfaced with end client on technical matters.
Collaborated with test teams to test and validate all of the above, including witnessing and participating in test events.
Provided support to all other teams at the Headquarter and Field personnel on networking issues.

Sr. Network & Quality Assurance Specialist, Metrolinx Transit, Toronto, ON (Jan. 2020 – April 2021)
Commissioned Data Center that included leaf-spine & traditional network architecture, physical & virtual servers and storage, racks/cabinets/cabling (fiber/copper) infrastructure, UPS etc...).
Implemented various network hardware (LAN, MAN, WAN, WLAN) designs within corporate architecture boundaries, Co-locations facilities and mobile vehicles (Trains & Buses).
Ability to generate summary and detailed test progress reports.
Design, configure, install and troubleshoot Wireless infrastructure (Wi-Fi Standards).
Engaged 3rd party vendors in test planning and coordination of end to end in V&V activities.
Performed wireless dual (2.4 & 5) band (Cisco, Icomera) testing, validation and optimization.
Support the customer, telco operator, regional objectives for Wi-Fi deployments, design and integration.
Experienced in L2/L3/L4 network devices and routing protocols such as RIP, EIGRP, BGP, & OSPF.
Experienced with multitasking, ability to learn new technologies on the go and, good communicator.
Strong troubleshooter and problem-solving professional.
Provisioned IT-OT network integrations to support redundant datacenters with their multi-site Wayside OT network.
Experienced high availability environment and mandatory safety facilities.

Senior Network Consultant, OnX Enterprise Solutions, Thornhill, ON (Aug. 2018 – Nov. 2019)
Leveraged past Network Design and System Operations experience, into newly integrated IT support team, learning quickly the new IT deliverables and support processes.
Migrated collocation center’s old Cisco devices to new state-of-the-art Cisco L2/L3/L4 hardware.
Redesigned of internal and remote network subnets.
Commissioned new Cisco ACI design, utilizing Leaf-spine topology into datacenter facilities.
Designed, developed and implemented efficient business and operations systems.
Deployed, maintained, and upgraded, networking (LAN/WAN/WLAN) network gear, including routers, wireless, switches firewalls, and other networking infrastructure for local area and wide area networks.
Implemented wireless (Wi-Fi) solution, utilizing (HA) redundant Cisco Unified Wireless LAN Controllers, with multiple lightweight – Aironet 2800 APs across multi-floors.
Provisioned new corporate solution, utilizing ISRs-4300, Cisco-9300 access switches along with modular Cisco-9400 core switches, replacing aging Cisco 3750’s & 4510’s hardware.
Maintained management Apps – i.e. ISE/Prime as required.
Deployed 802.1x protocol authentication on wired environment.
Took ownership of daily network incidents.
Performed periodic review of network devices configurations to ensure conformity to network
best practices.
Tested various hardware/software in a LAB environment as per design.
Decommission old hardware as deemed necessary.
Cooperated with multiple third-party vendors to optimize network performance.
Provided new documentation and updated existing ones.

Technical Lead, GCGC, Coquitlam, BC (Feb. 2018 – July 2018)
Managed a team of 6 IT Personnel, assisting with the delivery of a multi-vendor hardware to a multi-site refresh project that included provisioning of new LAN/WAN/WLAN, utilizing new Cisco L2/L3/L4 network infrastructure.
Assumed, technical authority for overall performance and availability of assigned systems.
Actively optimized all system including, but not limited to patching, upgrading, and performance tuning.
Analyzed, troubleshot and resolved of all system hardware, software and networking issues.
Performed high level root cause analysis for service interruptions, resolution of issues and creation of preventive measures.
Oversaw incidents management procedures and reviewed change requests including implementation, communication, testing and back out plans following industry standards best practices framework.
Maintained all systems' technical documentation and provisioning reports.
Built strong working relationships with customers, employees and vendors.
Complied with licensing laws, health and safety and other statutory regulations.

Senior Network Design Specialist, Thales Canada, Toronto, Ontario (Nov. 2015 – Dec. 2017)
Led deployment of communication and security network project packages.
Planned, designed, developed and implemented efficient business and operations systems and troubleshot of various communication & security elements in order to meet project deliverables.
Analyzed customer, system and regulatory requirements for a CBTC product and translated them into requirements for a reliable communication network system.
Analyzed in a Lab environment, the overall communication and security network design from various perspectives, such as reliability, scalability, maintainability and deployment, as required by design.
Created network communication configurations that included but not limited to L2/L3 devices such as Cisco-ISRs, HP-L2/L3, Hirschmann & Checkpoint-FWs, which were applied to wired & wireless network infrastructure.
Installed, configured, administered, and decommissioning Windows Server (i.e., using Active Directory LDAP, GPO, SQL, etc.).
Implemented MS-Hyper-V, PKI certificate enrollment using CA servers to wireless, Wayside & Onboard Wi-Fi.
Designed, tested & deployed a fully integrated Norton-SEP, along with a centralized hardware management network infrastructure.
Provided technical support to field engineers as well as to local developers, testers and Lab support personnel.
Maintained and operated identity & facial recognition biometric system.
Produced and maintained detailed technical documentation.
Acted as a mentor and a trainer to local and international Junior/intermediate engineers.

Senior Network Engineer, Price Waterhouse Coopers, Toronto, Ontario (Sep. 2015 – Oct. 2015)
Provided audit services to OLG’s enterprise network (most network devices were Cisco) infrastructure.
Identified network components - firewalls, routers, security appliances, catalyst switches, network segmentation, for proper access and protection.
Ensured that uniform configuration is maintained for network devices.
Inspected network management practices including network change management and coordinated with external services providers. Inspected network documentation and ensured
that was current and updated. Reviewed network auditing and logging policy and ensured that the network devices are compliant.
Ensured only required services are running on network devices and that unnecessary services are disabled. Reviewed network design and communication between remote sites. Verified appropriate VLAN segregation on various sites and that access to network elements is restricted.

Network Engineer, Bombardier Transportation, New York, New York (Nov. 2014 – Aug. 2015)
Planned, designed & deployed field office equipment & LAB (LAN/WLAN/WAN/Wi-Fi) infrastructure.
Prepared and presented communications network systems design for Long Island & Metro North Railroads’ Offices and Communications subsystems.
Interfaced with engineers of other disciplines working on train control subsystems.
Adapted regulatory compliance testing and demonstration policy as mandated by federal government safety requirement act, known as Positive Train Control – PTC.
Delivered essential documentation such as contract data requirement list (CDRL), Visio drawings, test procedures and requirements documents. Also, provided support for all deliverable products.
Configured & deployed Network gear, such as Cisco routers, switches & F/W such as, 1900, 2900, 4300 ISRs, 3850, 4507 &ASA5545/5525. Also, implemented Cisco wireless business network, utilizing Cisco WLC & Aironet APs.
Configured and installed Ruggedcom (Siemens) routers & switches devices, i.e. RX1500, RSG2288, RSG2100 and RS900G/L in all Waysides.
Utilized the following protocols in the design & implementation of network infrastructure, VLANs, QOS, Trunking, RSTP, ACLs, SNMP, Site to Site IPsec VPNs, OSPF, BGP and static routing.
Cooperated with Systems Team on integrating network management system (NMS) and other essential servers’ deployment within the PTC safety system requirement.

Network Engineer, J. D. Irving Limited, Saint John, New Brunswick (Sep. 2013 – Jul. 2014)
Planned/designed wireless network infrastructure using Cisco controllers & enterprise Aironet APs hardware.
Integrated secure WLAN network design within an existing corporate LAN/WAN/Wi-Fi infrastructure.
Deployed wireless LAN controllers (WLCs) in Datacenters and various retail locations.
Installed Dual-Band Wireless Data solution using WLC and Aironet APs across corporate & retail, and when necessary adapted Autonomous implementations across manufacturing & retail sites.
Configured web content filtering using Juniper SRX220s.
Implemented rigid security standards across the enterprise, using computer-based 802.1x protocol utilizing CA certificate-based authentication server and WPA2-Enterprise security & AES for encryption.
Provisioned high availability and redundancy network design (Link Aggregation N +1) between WLCs & Cisco Nexus gear to mitigate risk and increase throughput.
Employed the use of best practices methodology when designing & integrating multi wireless networks into an existing routing/switching environment.
Configured and deployed various Cisco & Juniper hardware and Cisco ISE/Prime Network Access Control management appliances.
Administered and Maintained Cisco ISE and Prime management appliances.
Created multi-SSID & VLANs solution, to support various departments.
Updated network documents, provided knowledge transfer & authored Test Plan Cases.

Network Engineer, General Communications Inc. (GCI), Anchorage, Alaska (Jan. 2013 – Jul. 2013)
Provisioned WAN Terrestrial & Satellite network services over MPLS to over 200 villages in Alaska.
Worked on design of a single point of entry as well as redundant multi-homed WAN connectivity delivered over Terra Fiber, Bundled T1 and Micro-Wave channels as defined in scope of work project.
Configured and deployed Juniper hardware, including SRX550, SRX240, SRX110, SRX100, EX4200 & EX2200 at the CPE and POP locations.
Configured & deployed Cisco gear, including but not limited to Cisco-ISRs 1800, 1900, 2800,2900,3800,3900, 3560, 3750, 4500 & 6500 series.
Implemented polices & rules configurations on Palo Alto Network (PAN-5050) Firewalls.
Configured & installed Wide Application Virtualization Engine (WAVE) to accelerate network traffic & improve WAN network performance.
Adhered to company standards on applying, maintaining and updating network documentations.
Gathered technical information from internal & external contacts to satisfy essential requirements, which would help in the execution and finalization of seamless and successful projects.
Managed and maintained the Allot Shaper through its centralized management App., to control network bandwidth utilization and display accurate picture of real-time network usage.

Network Systems Analyst, Northwest Territories Power Corporation, Yellowknife, NT (Jul. 2012 – Dec. 2012)
Designed and Installed Cisco/Dell-SonicWALL/Riverbed networking products to meet the needs and requirements of Corporate LAN/WAN/WLAN over fiber, copper and Power (ABB) Lines.
Worked within a highly demanding environment managing switching, routing & security.
Provided daily management, support and troubleshooting to network connectivity issues and concerns.
Maintained good relationships with vendors and various departments along with 30 remote sites.
Furnished detailed documentation, planning, design and installation of on-going network projects, including switching, routing, firewall, VPN sites connectivity and VLAN configurations.
Priced and proposed products and resources to meet the needs and requirements of Wide Area and Local Area network infrastructure, including third-party vendors & ISP-based services.
Implemented network usage and performance monitoring tools (Solarwinds).
Employed ticketing System using ServiceNow and provided "on-call" support where required.
Proactively optimized the capacity and performance of the network infrastructure backbone to meet acceptable and agreed upon application response times.
Administered and maintained VoIP telephone (ShoreTel) systems to ensure continuous availability.

Senior Data Communications Engineer, Government of Nunavut, Iqaluit, NU (Jun. 2011 – Mar. 2012)
Provisioned LAN/Wi-Fi/MAN/WAN & Wireless Cisco networking infrastructure with Aironet APs to all 25 communities within the territory of Nunavut.
Upgraded old Nortel network gear, such as Layer 2 & Layer 3 network devices with new Cisco network gear, which included but not limited to Cisco 2960,2970,3560,3750, 6500, 1800, 2800, 3800 and WLC-5500 series wireless with 3500 Aironet APs hardware.
Managed all core business, community services, voice & video and Telemedicine network delivery systems, located throughout 25 communities in Nunavut.
Administered, and documented of the various systems, including configurations, moves, adds and changes on the video network.
Interfaced with clients, vendors, deployment team, and other support teams to assess requirements
and troubleshot problems to full resolution.
Utilized newly deployed state-of-the-art fiber optic network infrastructure in every community.
Actively updated & upgraded Solarwinds “Orion” network management system as required.
Configured & installed Cisco Firewalls, which included ASA5505/5510/5520.
Worked with various venders, such as Northwestel/Netkaster, Broadsky & Telesat Canada to ensure availability & reliability of WAN Satellite Communications.
Followed proper support procedures & processes, which are essential for incidents resolution.
Coordinated all network related problems to a full resolution that involved various IT team groups, hardware vendors and service providers.
Provided knowledge transfer & explained technical incidents with resolutions in a business-like language to non-technical personnel.
Worked with remote staff and/or third-party vendors to deliver videoconference services.
Provided detailed documentation, planning, design and installation of network related projects.

Senior Network Analyst, Exxon Mobil (Imperial Oil) Corp., Toronto, ON (Nov. 2010 – Mar. 2011)
Managed enterprise network (Cisco) infrastructure, which includes (2950, 2960, 3550, 3560, 3750, 6509, 6513, 1700, 1800, 2600, 2800, 3800, 7200 & 7300) for both North and South America’s upstream & downstream Oil management sites.
Provided technical expertise to internal and external business partners.
Coordinated and collaborated with other I.T. Teams to ensure availability, reliability, and scalability of corporate and refinery networks to meet business demands.
Provided technical support to Cisco VoIP end users.
Commissioned DMVPN technology for multiples sites that lacks MPLS facilities.
Worked within the company standard processes, including Change Management, Incident Management and Project Management Methodologies.
Implemented changes outside of core business hours as well as rotational on-call support.
Recommend hardware and/or software changes needed to optimize network deployments, configuration and maintenance.

Network Integrator, LOBLAW Companies Limited, Brampton, ON (Apr. 2008 – Oct. 2010)
Experienced managing Cisco based LAN and WAN environments and related TCP/IP components, including: MPLS, OSPF, BGP, GRE, HSRP, STP, VLANs, DNS, DHCP, NAT, firewalls, and ACLs as required.
Worked on the design and implementations of multi-tier VPN technology (GRE-VPN, ezVPN & DMVPN).
Created and documented standard network configuration templates for enterprise network gear that included (2950, 2960, 3550, 3560, 3750, 4506, 6513, 800, 1700, 1800, 2600, 2800, 3600, 3800, 7200 & 7300).
Improved on network performance and provided support to over 12000 routers & switches that resides at Datacenters, Distribution Centers and over 1200 stores across the country.
Implemented & managed in-house wireless infrastructure networks, using Symbol & Motorola hardware.
Integrated PKI (Public Key Infrastructure) into VPN design using CA servers for data encryption.
Deployed & supported Terago WiMAX (802.16) as a backup WAN solution for Distribution centers.
Provided training and/or orientation to junior level members of various Support Teams.

Coordinated incidents’ resolution with software consultants & vendors, hardware manufacturers, developers
and store support teams.
Worked with ticketing System using Remedy and participated in "on-call" support where required.
Advised management on critical technical issues and recommended solutions.
Implemented projects and tasks that added value and reduced inefficiencies.

Network Analyst, Signature/Sunwing Vacations, Mississauga, ON (May 2007 – March 2008)
Designed multi-VLAN network infrastructure utilizing Cisco hardware.
Designed, deployed and managed successfully Site to Site & Client to Site VPN connectivity, using PIX FWs and ASAs security appliances between head office, datacenter and branch offices across Canada and the UK.
Granted secure and limited network access to Moneris POS for debit & credit card transactions.
Developed and standardized network H/W & S/W employing Cisco devices across the board.
Maintained LAN/WAN efficiency, robust functionality and high availability for all sites.
Improved on bandwidth utilizations through the use of improved hardware/software and better network design.
Provided support and training to junior staff.
Enforced LAN/WAN security by streamlining internet accessibility through the use of a single point of entry.

LAN / WAN Technical Consultant, IBM Global Services, Mississauga, ON (March 2006 – May 2007)
Supported TD Bank Managed Network Services Infrastructure.
Administered and enforced Data and Power Specification standards for all TD Bank LAN rooms, which included but not limited to Category 5e/6 cabling, Backbone fiber, raised floor, cabinets, security and air conditioning).
Provisioned Wi-Fi network and CISCO Enterprise switches & routers (6513, 6509, 4006, 3750, 2950, 3740, 3640 & 515e).
Furnished and maintained Cross-connect Database.
Coordinated installation of new and removal of redundant switches.
Coordinated transfer of TD Bank users from existing to new Network environment.
Ensured conformity required by design, all protocols, configurations, topologies, bandwidth, VLANs and speed settings for all TD Bank enterprise network infrastructure.
Coordinated the removal of Network switches and Fiber backbones infrastructure from vacated TD floors.
Provided Technical consultancy to TD Bank multilevel users, Vendors and Project Mangers.

LAN / WAN Team Lead, Continental Maintenance Corp., Toronto, ON (Jan. 2001 – Feb. 2006)
Managing a team of 7 Data & Voice Network and System Support personnel.
Gained quickly the credibility within the Network and System support teams.
Proactively managed a crucial vendors relationship that yielded a substantial operational cost reduction by 22% in one year.
Designed LAN/WAN - TCP/IP networks using Cisco switches (1900, 2950, 3500 &6500), routers (800, 1600, 1700, 1800, 2500, 2600, 2800 & 3600), using T1 lines, Frame Relay & ADSL WAN circuits.
Coordinated various cable installations that supported different types of network topologies.
Implemented and integrated secured wireless network with multi Aironet Access-point network design.
Provided data and power specs for network (Hardware) installations.
Designed and installed Win2003 Active Directory (AD), and configured client/server for Windows NT/2000/XP/2003 networks, using 10/100 and Gigabit Ethernet Standards.
Provisioned and managed TCP/IP suite for LAN/WAN data communications & implemented dynamic routing protocols like RIPv2, EIGRP & OSPF for internal and external connectivity.
Established and managed Cisco Inter - VLAN securities and FWSM communications between different departments.
Developed and standardized network and PC hardware, Cisco, IBM, Dell and HP/Compaq Server Systems.
Configured and Supported Cisco VPN & Firewall CE devices to support private-tunnel communications
between Hub site and Spokes.
Managed networks traffic through the use of diagnostic tools such as network monitoring and analysis, using
Sniffer Pro, Telnet, PC-Anywhere and Wireshark.
Implemented Antivirus & Antispyware software such as Norton Corporate Edition & AVG/Avast on
servers and workstations.
Provided detailed and updated documentation of network drawings & cross-connect spreadsheet references.

Concurrent Projects
Network Consultant (Remote), Evolve Technologies, Surrey, BC (Feb. 2004 – March 2005)
Implemented WAN network communication between Toronto branch office and Chicago head office, using Cisco routers and Pix firewalls (2600 & 506) for Coram Health Services.
Configured VPN WAN connection, using Cisco 3002 Hardware Client concentrator.
Coordinated installation of LAN/WAN and Wireless (802.11) network infrastructures.
Implemented IBM point-of-sale (POS) application for the Government of Ontario (Major Retail Stores).
Migrated 600 plus servers from Windows NT platform to Windows 2000 platform.
Configured wireless Access Points to support network communications with wireless PDAs.
Implemented a migration policy for Wireless Wave (Glentel Inc.) from Windows 2000 to Windows XP.
Configured Sonic Wall firewall to support WAN/Wi-Fi and Internet access.
Provided support for over 900 users.

Network Consultant (Project), Menkes Development Inc, Toronto, ON (Nov. 1999 – Jul. 2000)
Provided complete technical support to Server/Client network systems.
Installed Cisco and 3Com high-speed data switches, routers and CAT5e LAN Cabling.
Troubleshot and configured Compaq & Dell servers.
Implemented an up-to
Contact this candidate