Mudireddy vishnu vardhan Vardhan Reddy
+1-561-***-**** ad441g@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/vishnu

Professional Summary
A self-motivated Network Engineer with two years of hands-on experience, adept at designing, implementing, and maintaining complex network infrastructures. Demonstrated proficiency in troubleshooting and resolving network issues, ensuring optimal performance and reliability. Skilled in configuring routers, switches, and firewalls, with a keen eye for security protocols. Proven ability to collaborate with cross-functional teams to meet organizational goals, and a commitment to staying abreast of emerging technologies in the dynamic field of networking. A reliable and dedicated professional poised to contribute valuable expertise to any network environment.

Technical Skills:

2 years of hands-on experience providing network support to a range of LAN/WAN and Wireless Telecommunication Networks.
Configuration, installation and troubleshooting of Cisco routers and switches, Layer-2, Layer-3 and Nexus with VPC and VSS concepts, stacking
Advance experience in STP, RSTP, VRRP, HSRP, SMTP, SNMP, VLANs, VTP and port mirroring (SPAN).
Experience with Frame Relay, ATM, ISDN and TCP/IP application protocols such as DNS, WINS, HTTP, DHCP, FTP, and SMTP.
Implementation and Migration Network appliances.
Level 2 on-call technical support for the Palo Alto Firewall, ASA, Checkpoint, Fort iGATE
Implementing Site to Site VPNs, Zoning, Failover, HA, defining and managing the Firewall policies, NAT Configuring VPN IPsec, GRE and DMVPN.
Experience on Cisco wireless Cisco 5520, 5508, 9800 Aruba 7205, 7210, Aruba a7240xm Mobility Controller.
Security design, vulnerability assessment, development and implementation of Security Policies. Planning, Designing & Implementing VPN solutions using Checkpoint, Cisco PIX & ASA, and Cisco
Routers.
Extensive experience in operating, troubleshooting and supporting Cisco Routers and Ethernet switches in LAN/WAN environments.
LAN experience includes design, installation, configuration, and management of Cisco catalyst switches in a multilayer switching environment and Cisco Routers (1700, 1800, 2500, 2600, 3200, 3600, 3700, 3800
and 7200).
Excellent experience in configuration and implementation of both Routed and Routing protocols such as TCP/IP, IPX/SPX, RIP, RIP2, OSPF, EIGRP and BGP.
Proficiency in C and C++ programming languages for system-level programming and application development.
Strong attitude to learn and aptitude to learn fast.
Flexible and adaptable working capability as an individual or in a group
Strong attitude to learn and aptitude to learn fast.

Pro Infratek, Parsippany, NJ Jan24 - Present Role: Network Engineer.

Responsibilities:

Configuring LAN, VLAN, VTP, Trucking, Interval routing and Port Security Configuring NAT, PAT & DHCP.
Good knowledge of Configuring Access Control List like Number and Named ACL. Configuring Routing protocols RIP (V1& 2), IGRP, OSPF, EIGRP
Configuring STP and RSTP based on the network traffic and setup requirement.
Configuring Telnet and SSH logins for routers and switches based on the requirement. Backing up IOS and Password resetting in Routers and Switches
Creating documents and procedures for existing setups.
Monitoring tools like network packet capture tools like Wire-shark
Implementation of Wireless Networks for Major IT Clients and (DRDO, DLRL, Conventional Centers) Implementation of DATA Centers, with Nexus switches, Cisco 6500 /4500 chassis
Implementation of High-density wireless environment.
Based on defined technical requirements and architecture blueprints, worked with a cross-functional team to develop the network detailed design, and associated network specifications as part of an overall solution design.
Deploy and configure the networking components per detailed design.
Environment: Routers: Cisco 1600, 2600, 2800, 3600, 7300 series Routers and Switches: Cisco Distribution
Layer switches such as 6513, 6509, 6504, Access layer switches such as Cisco 4510, 4948, 4507 and Firewalls:
Cisco ASA 5550.

Tata Consultancy services, INDIA MAY21 – JULY 22
Role: Network Engineer.
Responsibilities:

Analyzed existing security infrastructure, Firewalls, IDS, IPS, SIEMs, Physical access controls, Security policy, etc
Configured LAN / WAN Network infrastructure required for document access
Diagnostics of LAN and WAN with in-depth knowledge of TCP/IP, NAT, PPP, ISDN, and associated network protocols and services. Upgraded IDP on the NSM and migrating firewalls.
Develop/Monitor basic IDS/IPS rules to identify and/or prevent malicious activity.
Enhanced bandwidth capacity by 30% through upgrading routers and switches, optimizing network protocols, and implementing traffic shaping techniques.
Implementation and configuration Network & Security Infrastructure Devices
Improved network latency by deploying content delivery networks, implementing Quality of Service (QoS) policies, and optimizing routing algorithms.
Increased network reliability by 20% through redundancy implementation, failover testing, and active monitoring of network equipment.
Reduced network downtime by implementing automated network configuration management, conducting regular patch management, and enhancing network security protocols.
Vulnerability Management by enforcing Compliance Settings and Patching Windows Servers.
Environment: Juniper firewalls 5GT, 208, SSG 5, 140, 550, 550M and high- en d firewalls like ISG 1000, NS 5200, UTM features, network analyzing tools like tcpdump, Wireshark, Nmap, secureCRT, SS.

Certification:
Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) Completed CCNA 200-301 Course - Udemy

Education:

Masters of arts in information technology management webster university

Bachelor is in Civil Engineering, Bapatla engineering college, Bapatla
Contact this candidate