Nazneen SK
Sr. Network & Security Engineer
Phone: +1-860-***-****
Email-Id: ad45lg@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Sr Network Engineer having worked in projects that include Data Center refresh, Campus Redevelopment, Firewall and F5 Installations, with 9 years of experience in routing, switching, Network Security-Next Gen Firewalls, Load Balancers, Wireless and VOIP systems design, administration and troubleshooting. Excellent communication skills with the ability to interface at all levels. A proactive team player who can also work independently.

CAREER HIGHLIGHTS:

Experience working in large-scale environments on L1/L2 troubleshooting, Network Design, IDF and MDF architecture, Datacenter Architecture, Spine Leaf Architecture and support roles, IOS upgrades, downtime procedures, Migration projects to different vendor equipment.
Experience working in complex environments which includes Layer 2 Switching, L3 routing, Network security with perimeter and d firewalls, Load balancing and Access policies management in F5 and Wireless LAN Controllers.
Enterprise Environment and Nexus 2k, 3k, 5k, 7k and 9k in Data Center Environment.
Expertise in installing, configuring and troubleshooting Juniper EX Switches (EX2200, EX2500, EX3200, EX4200, EX4500, EX8200 series).
Experience in VSS, VRF, VPC, and VDC technologies. Experience working on Gateway redundant protocols HSRP, VRRP, and GLBP. Experience with Access, Distribution and Core Layer Architecture and Spine Leaf Architecture in Datacenter.
Lead Cisco network designs and implementations at various clients including Ironssport C170 configuration and upgrade.
Experience with Gigamon for network visibility and traffic monitoring.
Experience in BGP-IP version 13.1.1.1 system that runs as a virtual machine. Modules include Local traffic manager, BIG_IP DNS, Application security manager, Access policy manager, and Analytics.
Experience in cabling and cable connectivity (fiber/cat5+6)
Expertise in installing, configuring, and troubleshooting of Cisco Routers (3800, 3600, 2800, 2600, 1800, 1700, 800, ASR 9k) and Juniper Routers (E, J, M, and T-series).
Experience and high-level technical knowledge in OSPF, EIGRP, RIP and BGP routing protocols. L1/L2 troubleshooting skills in Routing in complex environments. Worked with MPLS over BGP. Worked on upgrading Edge routers, failing over ISP circuits for maintenance. Knowledge in EVPN, VXLAN, VTEPS.
Configured F5 LTM, series 5000 series for the corporate applications and high availability. Implemented LTM and GTM in DMZ and Internal network. Worked on software versions up to 12.1.2. Experience with upgrading software and hotfix. Experience with APM and ASM modules.
Worked on APM module with integration with RADIUS server and RSA secure ID for applications that require 2-factor authentications.
Experience in SDN APIs, WLAN to provide better tools for network monitoring, issues diagnosis, and application specific (QOS)
Experience with Aruba ClearPass policy manager to secure fabric to provide role and device based secure network access control for IoT, BYOD devices.
Experience in Wireless LAN (IEEE 802.11) and deployment of light weight access point.
Proficient using the F5 based profiles, monitors, VIP’s, pools, SNAT, SSL offload, iRules, virtual Servers, iAPPs. Migration experience from ACE to F5.
Experience with manipulating various BGP attributes such as Local Preference, MED, Extended Communities, Route-Reflector clusters, Route-maps and route policy implementation.
Extensive Knowledge of the implementation of Cisco ASA 5500 series - 5505, 5510, 5512-X with Firepower module. Palo Alto firewall policies, panorama and Checkpoint firewalls NG, NGX. Experience with convert Checkpoint VPN rules over to the Cisco ASA solution.
Experience with Bluecoat and McAfee Web Gateway Proxies. For URL filtering and SSL Decryption, traffic flows from trust to un-trust and vice versa.
Worked on Cisco ACI fabric, ensuring scalable and automated network infrastructure for data center environments.
Knowledge and operational experience with SDN, CISCO ACI, VxLAN, VTEPS, VNI, Bridge Domain, Arista Cloude vision, EVPN, MP-BGP, Spine and leaf Architecture.
Experience F5® BIG-IQ Centralized Management to provide a central point of control for F5 physical and virtual devices and for the solutions that run on them like intelligent traffic management (BIG-IP LTM) and F5 Advanced WAF services, and includes BIG-IP Per-App VEs and BIG-IQ 6.0
Experience with PA 200, 500, 3020 and VM series firewalls for both Internet and internal traffic filtering. Experience with Panorama M100 series and maintaining up to 23 firewalls in large networks.
Experience working with Aruba and Cisco Wireless LAN controllers, Configuring and Provisioning AP’s, Virtual AP’s, RTLS, Wireless SSID’s, remote and campus AP’s, upgrading WLC, worked in Active/Active local Controllers and Master controller. (Aruba 6000, 7200 controller, Aruba AP65, 70, 124, 85, 125) system.
Worked on Solarwinds NPM, NCM, IPAM, Windows DHCP and DNS. Infoblox as DHCP and DNS server.
Experience working with and Cisco VOIP environments with assigning VOICE Vlans, troubleshooting call quality and basic level proficiency in QoS. Worked on DSCP code markings for VOIP traffic.
Involved in troubleshooting network traffic and its diagnosis using tools like ping, trace route, Gigaton, Wireshark, TCP dump and Linux operating system servers. Implementing, maintaining and Troubleshooting & implementation of Vlan, STP, MSTP, RSTP, PVST, 802.1Q, DTP, HSRP, VRRP, GLBP, LACP, PAGP, AAA, TACACS, RADIUS, MD5, VTP
Experience with staff augmentation to evaluating the existing staff and determine what additional skills are required.
Experience in application-centric network to manage a system for a specific application rather than managing individual servers and routers.
Enhanced level of knowledge with PPP, ATM, T1 /T3 Frame-Relay, g. Experience with design and deployment of MPLS Layer 3 VPN, MPLS Traffic Engineering, and MPLS QOS.
H.323 and SIP, Voice Vlans, DSCP marking for VOIP traffic.
Hands on experience with Juniper SRX series firewalls 500 series.
Experience with creating virtual servers and application load balancing, upgrading software versions, redirect rules on Netscalers and experience migrating from Netscalers to F5.
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
LAN/WAN Technologies
PPP, HDLC, MPLS, T1/T3, DS3, OC192, Ethernet, Fast-Ethernet, 10 Gb Ethernet.
Networking Protocols
OSPF, EIGRP, BGP, STP, RSTP, VLANs, VTP, PAGP, LACP, MPLS, HSRP, VRRP, GLBP, TACACS+, Radius, AAA, IPv4, SNMP, DHCP, DNS, TCP/IP suite, NTP.
Security Protocols
IKE, IPsec, SSL, AAA, Access-lists, prefix-lists, SSL-VPN
Cisco Devices (switches and Routers)
ASR1002, ASR1004, ASR1006, ASR1700, ASR9001,1700, 1800, 2500, 2600, 3600, 3800, 7200 and 7600.
Catalyst 2900, 3560, 3750, 4500, 4900, 6500, Nexus 2K/5K/7K
Juniper Devices
EX 4300, 4200, 3300, 2300 Series, QFX 5100, 5200 Series.
Firewalls
Cisco Firewalls (ASA 5505, 5510, 5585), Palo Alto Networks (PA 220, PA820, PA-2K, PA-3K and PA-5K), Check Point Firewalls NG, NGX, NG.
Network Management/Monitoring
Solar winds, Net flow, Fortinet Manager, Wireshark, Cisco ISE, Bluecoat Proxy.
Load Balancers
F-5 BIG-IP LTM 2000, 3900, 5000, 6400, 6800, 8900.
Programming Languages and Scripting
Bash, Perl, Python, Bash, C++, and PowerShell
Virtual Tools
GNS3, Virtual Box, VMware ESXi
Operating Systems
Windows XP/7/8/10, MAC OS X, Windows Server 2008/2003/2016, Linux

Education Details :
Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics and Instrumentation Engineering.

CERTIFICATIONS :

CCNA (Cisco Certified Network Associate)
CCNP (Routing & Switching)

PROFESSIONAL EXPECRINCE. :
Yamah Motors, Kennesaw,GA Apr 2022 – Till date
Sr. Network Engineer
Worked as a part of network team where my daily tasks included configuring, monitoring and troubleshooting of TCP/ IP networks. Configuring & managing around 500+ Network &Security Devices that includes Cisco Routers & Switches, Nexus Switches, Juniper and Palo Alto Firewalls, F5 BigIP Load balancers, Blue Coat Proxies and Riverbed WAN/MAN Optimizers. Trained in Spine Leaf Architecture.
Responsibilities:
Palo Alto design and installation (Application and URL filtering, SSL decryption, SSL Forward Proxy). Configured and maintained IPSEC and SSL VPNs on Palo Alto Firewalls. Successfully installed PA-5000 series firewalls in Data Center as perimeter Firewalls.
Migration of ASA firewalls to PA next gen Firewalls using migration tool in PA. Migrated all IPSEC tunnels, ACL’s, NAT rules and policies.
Working on Wireless networks 802.11 at Enterprise level.
Worked on 802.11ac wave2 performance, the Cisco 8540 wireless LAN Controller to provide centralized control, management, and troubleshooting for high-scale deployments in service provide.
Troubleshooting of Linux and Unix servers for application delivery servers. Install Dockers, Cisco -and HP servers.
Provided design and Contrail SD-WAN networking support using Cisco ACI, Cisco wireless controllers, Open-Stack, Juniper Contrail and Big Switch Networks LABs using Apple Configurator.
Maintain shell scripts for Redhat Linux servers and perform patch upgrades for Redhat Linux servers.
Experience with configuring BGP, OSPF in Juniper M and MX series routers.
Experience working with Juniper devices like EX-2200, EX-4200, EX-4500, MX-480, M Series, SRX650, SRX240
firewall security, Intrusion Prevention/Protection System (IPS), DNS and DMZ security, and Internet Security in support of established Info Security program initiatives for the next 3 years.
Play a key role in the company’s direction towards Cloud Computing platforms by creating a strategy for transition plans.
Lead project to accelerate Wi-Fi deployments, pinpoint issues, provides highly secure wireless network.
Implemented VOIP and QoS policies for initial deployment of IPT. This involved both switch and router configuration and ran over a frame-relay WAN.
Involved in originating VoIP telephone calls are similar to traditional digital telephony, Call manager Express v4.x and involve signaling, channel setup.
Experience with Tufin to manage security policy of the company.
Provided operational support for network topologies and connections TCP/IP, ATM, VOIP(Voice-over-IP) and UCCE.
Supported the telephony specialist in the phased migration from PBX based systems to VOIP(Voice-over-IP).
Configured separate VLAN for VOIP to implement QoS and security for VOIP(Voice-over-IP).
Analyze and provide courses of action on current as well as emerging security threats like ransomware attacks by research and recommendation of other security solutions to help mitigate network security threats while preventing their outbreak across the network.
Worked on CAP/WAP tunnels and WAP2.
Used Vulnerability scanning to identify security holes, and classifies system weaknesses in computers, networks and communications equipment and predicts the effectiveness of countermeasures.
Experience in vCMP hosts to enable users to create, view and manage all vCMP guests on the system.
Lead Project for Indoor Access Point, Outdoor and industrial Access Point, Wireless Lan Controllers, Cloud-managed access points, Better Wi-Fi for IOS, IOT, and wireless management.
Experience with Vulnerability management to identifying, classifying, remediating, and mitigating vulnerabilities",
Manages vCMP guests on a BIG-IP by bridged, Isolated and host.
Experience with F5 load balancers LTM and GTM and reverse proxy design and setup. Migration from A10 to F5.
Experience in F5, Cisco ACE 4710 Load balancers. Migration Experience from ACE to F5 and NetScalers to F5. Worked on critical applications on Layer 4 and layer 7 load balancing. Experience with Virtual server, Pool, Node, Profiles – TCP, http, https, ftp, fastl4, Persistence – Source IP, SSL, Cookie, SNAT, iRules, iAPP, SSL offloading.
Regular upgrade and maintenance of Infrastructure, Installing, configuring, and maintaining Cisco Switches (2960, 3500,7600, 3750, 3850 series, 6500 series) Cisco Routers (4800, ASR 9K, 800), Juniper Routers and Firewalls, Nexus 7k,5k & 2k, f5 BIG IP, Palo Alto Firewalls, Bluecoat Proxy and Riverbed Steelhead appliances.
Worked on Cisco WiSM to provide the control, scalability, and reliability to build secure enterprise scale indoor and outdoor 802.11 wireless networks form voice and data services and location tracking, to wireless mesh networks.
Enables WiSM to enterprises and service providers to create and enforce policies that support business-critical applications.
Experience in SDN and SD-WLAN technologies to ensure consistently high performance of critical business application and simplify unified management.
Worked on Cisco Sourcefire to deals with Firepower network security appliances that are based on Snort, an open-source intrusion detection system (IDS)
Worked on DWDM, DWDM and GNU operating System.
Experience with Aruba Clear Pass for BYOD device.
Worked on Orion (Solar Winds) for mapping network diagrams, updated Orion with commissioned and decommissioned network devices.
Experience with configuration of Cisco call manager, Installing and worked on ICM management.

Environment: Cisco Routers (4800, 3800, 3600, 2800, 2600, 2900, 1800, 1700, 800), switches (6500/3750/3550 3500/2950), F5 Load balancing (LTM, GTM, APM, AFM, ASM), EIGRP, RIP, OSPF, Voice Gateways, BGP, VPN, MPLS, Ether Channels, ACI, Cisco Catalyst Switches, Firewalls (Cisco ASA, Palo Alto), Cisco Voice (CCM, UCCE), Shell Scripting.

Compass Group, Charlotte, NC Aug 2020 – Mar 2022
Sr Network Engineer
To Work in Enterprise and Data center environment on switching, routing, firewalls (Site to Site VPN tunnels) and VOIP. Worked on Different VOIP systems on network. Worked on Cisco Wireless. Worked on Load balancers in Data center for internal and external applications.

Responsibilities
Worked as part of delivery team where my daily tasks included code upgrades, prefix-list addition, and access-list addition using python script and on Linux platform based on tickets generated by customers.
Worked on Automation tool called Autopilot, an internal tool used for code upgrades and configuring of new devices at different data centers.
Experience in RF transmissions & Antenna behavior, and familiar with 802.11 e protocols.
Administered network operating infrastructure (broadband, VoIP, MPLS) and managed services (virtual servers, firewall, data storage, and cloud-based voice).
Migration and implementation of Palo Alto Next-Generation Firewall seriesPA-500, PA-3060, PA-5060, PA-7050, PA-7080 from Cisco PIX and ASA.
Rich Experience in Ansible software in configuration management, and application deployment.
Worked on BGP routing protocol, configuring BGP sessions and troubleshooting on Nexus 1K, 5K, 7K, Juniper MX-960 routers and cisco ASR routers.
Worked on Nessus i vulnerability scanner to find the vulnerability and mitigate the problem arising from vulnerabilities.
Great exposure to SDN and network virtualization technologies like Cisco ACI.
Implemented VoIP solutions using SIP & H.323, also have sound knowledge of Avaya VoIP products.
Designed perimeter security policy, Implemented Firewall ACL's, allowed access to specified services, Configured Client VPN technologies including Cisco's VPN client via IPSEC.
Installed and configured LAN/WAN Networks, Hardware, Software, and Telecommunication services- Cisco Routers and Switches like Cisco 3750, 3750 Gig, 6500, Nexus 7k, ASR 9k etc.
Worked with networking teams to install an Avaya VoIP phone system and test phone system connectivity and functionality.
Experience in Cisco Unified Communication Manager (CUCM), Call Manager Express (CME), Cisco Unity Connection (CUC), Unified Contact Center Express (UCCX), Unified Contact Center Enterprise (UCCE), IM and Presence, SRST and Voice Gateways.
Managed Cisco call manager, Cisco Voice Mail Unity servers. Worked with Cisco Routing and switching background w/QOS.
Configured EPG’S and new tenants in Cisco ACI.
Configured separate VLAN for VOIP to implement QoS and security for VOIP(Voice-over-IP). Administered network operating infrastructure (broadband, VoIP (Voice-over-IP), MPLS) and managed services (virtual servers, firewall, data storage, and cloud-based voice)
Worked with Cisco UCCE, IPIVR, and Cisco Unified Communication System.
Worked in team environment Developing new UCCE / UCCX applications and maintaining legacy applications.
Configuring firewall rules in Juniper SRX firewall using cli and NSM.
Managed Cisco call manager and supported cisco call center.
Configuration and deployment of cisco ASA 5540 firewall for internet Access requests for servers, Protocol Handling, Object Grouping.
Worked on Cisco wireless LAN technologies and switching. Configured Virtual server, service groups, Session persistence, Health monitors and Load balancing methods in new F5 and A10 LTMs. Configured WIDE IP and WIDE IP pool on F5 GTM’s to support load balancing between data centers.
Installation & configuration of Microsoft Proxy Server 2.0 and Inflobox DNS, DHCP and IP Address Management
Worked on Inflobox to update the DNS host and A records to assist the part of the migration.
Security configuration on Wireless LAN using protocols PEAP, EAP-FAST.
Assigning RADIUS and TACAS for new deployments in production environment. AAA for users to implement changes on production devices. Most of these devices are cisco propriety.
Assisting off-shore teams located in India in upgrades, VLANs configurations, in troubleshooting layer 3 issues and routing protocol issues mostly BGP.

Environment: Routers (Nexus 1K, 5K,7K, Juniper MX-960), switches (6500/3750/3550 3500/2950), F5 Load balancing (LTM, GTM, APM, AFM, ASM), EIGRP, RIP, OSPF, Cisco ACI, BGP, VPN, Unified Contact Center Enterprise (UCCE), MPLS, Cisco Catalyst Switches, Firewalls (Cisco ASA, Palo Alto), Cisco Voice (CCM, UCCE, UCCX), Citrix.

Cigna Group, Bloom Field, CT April 2018 – July 2020
Network / Security Engineer
Installation of PA firewalls. Worked on Tier 3 Issues. Managed IP subnets, Monitoring. Worked on service now tickets on Network issues in data center and Enterprise. Upgradation of IOS for various equipment on timely basis.

Responsibilities:
Implementing security Solutions using PaloAlto PA-5000/3000, Cisco 5580/5540/5520, Checkpoint firewalls R70, R75, R77.20 Gaia and Provider-1/MDM.
Configuration and administration of firewalls, which includes Checkpoint, Juniper, and Cisco ASA firewalls.
Deploy, configure, and support Aruba wireless controller and AP devices globally, also a direct escalation path for all wireless issues.
Enterprise and Public Safety Wireless LAN/WAN (802.11, Mesh).
Successfully installed Palo Alto PA-3000/PA-5000 firewalls to protect Data Center and provided L3 support for routers/switches/firewalls.
Configured and maintained IPSEC and SSL VPNs on Palo Alto Firewalls and also implemented Zone Based Firewall and Security Rules on the Palo Alto Firewall.
Exposure to wildfire feature of Palo Alto.
Routers: Cisco (IOS and IOS-XR), Juniper MX Series routers and Nokia (Alcatel 7750, 7950).
Administered Cisco AMP endpoint security infrastructure and monitor endpoints for threats.
Exposure to design and implementation experience primarily on Cisco WSA proxy.
Configuration and Maintenance of Cisco ASA 5580-20, ASA 5540, ASA 5520, ASA 5510 series firewalls.
Configure Syslog server in the network for capturing and logs from firewalls.
Experience configuring and managing Cisco Web Security Appliance (WSA) in an enterprise environment.
Monitoring Traffic and Connections in Checkpoint and ASA Firewall.
Manage project task to migrate from Cisco ASA firewalls to Check Point firewalls.
Policy Reviewing, Audit and cleanup of the un-used rule on the firewall using Tufin and Splunk.
Identified opportunities for implementation of network best practices, particularly F5 load balancer implementations.
Configuring F5 Load Balancers: Adding virtual IPs, nodes, pools and health monitoring.
F5 BigIP iRules programming and troubleshooting.
Worked on F5 solutions/support for migration work of applications and websites from Cisco CSS Load Balancers to the F5 BigIP Load Balancers.
Configuring SNAT, High Availability on F5 BIG-IP appliances SSL termination and initiation, Digital certificates
Worked with protocols such as Frame Relay, IEEE 802.11 and VLAN, OSPF and BGP, DNS, DHCP, FTP, NTP, SNMP, SMTP and TELNET.
Configure and Monitor Cisco Sourcefire IPS for alerts.
Configure and deployed new VOIP systems.
Provided operational support for network topologies and connections TCP/IP, ATM, VOIP(Voice-over-IP) and MPLS.
Configuration, setup, and management of Citrix NetScaler 9.x for advanced load balancing of applications and servers.
Used Cisco ACI (Application Centric Infrastructure) SDN architecture to reduce operating costs, automate IT tasks, for greater scalability and visibility in a data center environment.
Performs router configurations on Dedicated Internet Access (DIA) and VOIP(Voice-over-IP) products.
Supported the telephony specialist in the phased migration from PBX based systems to VOIP(Voice-over-IP).
Strong understanding of Cisco networking technologies: ASA, IPS, WSA, ACS, VPN

Environment: Cisco ASA5580/5540/5520, Checkpoint R70, R75, R77.20 Gaia, Palo Alto PA-5000/3000, IEEE 802.11Big IP F5 LTM/GTM, Nexus switches, TCP/IP, VPN, Cisco WSA, Cisco ACI, Bluecoat Proxy servers, IDS/IPS. SIEM and Monitoring.

Comcast, Philadelphia, PA Oct 2016 – Mar 2018
Network Engineer

Worked in a NOC team on Layer1/2/3 issues in the network. Worked on various cisco switches and routers. Worked on Firewall rules, VPN tunnels. Includes Cabling and racking.

Responsibilities:
Worked on Cisco routers 7200, 3700 and Cisco switches 4900, 2900.
Key contributions include troubleshooting of complex LAN/WAN infrastructure that include.
Configured firewall logging, DMZs, related security policies and monitoring.
Creating private VLANs & preventing VLAN hopping attacks and mitigating spoofing with snooping & IP source guard.
Installed and configured Cisco PIX 535 series firewall and configured remote access IPSEC VPN on Cisco PIX Firewall.
Enabled STP enhancements to speed up the network convergence that include Port-fast, Uplink-fast and backbone-fast.
Other responsibilities included documentation and change control.
Configured SITE-TO-SITE VPN on Cisco routers between headquarters and branch locations.
Installation & configuration of Cisco VPN concentrator 3060 for VPN tunnel with Cisco VPN hardware & software client and PIX firewall.
Involved in troubleshooting of DNS, DHCP and other IP conflict problems.
Used various scanning and sniffing tools like Wire-shark.
Hands on experience working with security issue like applying ACL’s, configuring NAT and VPN.
Part of Network Operation Center NOC offshore support team from India supporting HP Data Center 24x7. L2 supports Cisco PIX and ASA Firewalls.
Schedule changes and work through maintenance requests over weekends.
Assisted in troubleshooting LAN connectivity and hardware issues in the network of 100 hosts.
Maintained redundancy on Cisco 2600, 2800 and 3600 routers with HSRP.
Configuration of CISCO Routers (2600, 2800 Series) and 3550, 4500 series switches.
Creating groups, users and policies in Active Directory.
Managed the IP address space using subnets and variable length subnet masks (VLSM).

Environment: Cisco 2600/2800 routers, Cisco ASA, TCP/IP, VLSM, AD, DNS, Switching/Routing. DMZ, IPSEC VPN, VPN tunnel, NAT, and PAT

Mobisoft Infotech, IND Jun 2013 – Sep 2016
Network Engineer

Responsibilities:
Responsible for PIX 7.x/8.x & ASA 8.x Firewall migration and in place hardware upgrades and Troubleshooting, IOS Security Configurations, IPsec VPN Implementation and Troubleshooting, DMZ Implementation and Troubleshooting.
Configuring static NAT, dynamic NAT, inside Global Address Overloading, TCP overload distribution, Overlapping Address Translation.
As part of Security and network operations team I was actively involved in the LAN/WAN level 3 support (diagnose and troubleshoot layer 1, 2, 3 problems)
VLAN implementation, Spanning Tree Implementation and support using PVST, R-PVST and MSTP to avoid loops in the network. Trunking and port channels creation.
Responsible for Firewall upgrades as well as Troubleshooting, Security Configurations, IPsec VPN Implementation and Troubleshooting, DMZ Implementation and Troubleshooting.
IOS Upgrades from 7.x to 8.x as well as backup and recovery of configurations.
Work with BGP routing protocol for communication with business partners and influence routing decision based on AS Path Prepend and other attributes.
Administer and support Cisco based Routing and switching environment.
Physical cabling, IP addressing, Wide Area Network configurations (Frame-relay).
Deployed a Syslog server to allow proactive network monitoring.
Implemented VLANS between different departments and connected them using trunk by keeping one Vlan under server mode and rest falling under client modes.
Configured Client VPN technologies including Cisco’s VPN client via IPSEC.
Configured Firewall logging, DMZs and related security policies and monitoring.
Switching related tasks included implementing VLANS and configuring ISL trunk on Fast-Ethernet channel between switches.

Environment: PIX, CISCO routers and switches, Access Control Server, VLAN, Trunk Protocols, CISCO ASA, DHCP DNS, SAN, Spanning tree, Nimsoft, Windows Server, Windows NT.
Contact this candidate