Seth Graham ad464i@r.postjobfree.com 808-***-**** San Diego, CA
Sales Manager www.linkedin.com/in/seth-graham-191422289

Eighteen years of experience in founding, planning, and leading highly successful Direct to Consumer businesses. Six years as a Senior Network Engineer and Project Lead with experience in designing, securing, and maintaining complex networks at a Fortune 100 company. I bring passion and enthusiasm to the team, and am excited to learn new skills and leverage diverse work history to drive positive impact for the business and it’s customers.
CORE COMPETENCIES
Account Management Sales Communication Contract Negotiation Business Analysis Leadership
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Founder & Managing Director AMAJAM, LLC dba SpiceLuxe San Diego, CA 2016 – 2023
Led ground-up development and launch of a DTC company focusing on operations management and marketing.
●Oversaw manufacturing, supply chain, and order fulfillment both domestically and internationally.
●Implemented strategic marketing and sales plans. Negotiated successful product placement with Amazon, Walmart, and Costco. Exceeded revenue projection for the first full year in business by 140%.
●Accountable for training, scheduling and supervision of employees, oversight of computer systems, and compliance with operational policies.
●Managed a 6 member cross-functional team(design, marketing, and customer service) and coordinated with businesspartners and vendors toward the successful launch of innovative brands, including SpiceLuxe - www.spiceluxe.com
Founder & Managing Director MaluHI, Inc Kauai, HI 2011 – 2015
Established and directed operations for an e-commerce startup specializing in cellphone accessories.
●Created long-term relationships and collaborated with strategic partners to deliver sales growth. Oversaw revenue increase of more than 50% year over year for 3 years in a row. Achieved $1.5M in revenue within the first 3 years of operation.
●Configured cloud-based automation and sales tools, reducing staffing requirements and lowering payroll costs by 40%.
Founder & Managing Director Applesauce, Inc Laguna Niguel, CA 2006 – 2010
Spearheaded the launch of unique iPod accessories with online and traditional distribution in more than 12 countries.
●Directed product design, manufacturing, marketing, and customer support. Reached $500K gross revenue in year two.
●Led global account management and conducted contract negotiations. Strategically placed products with prominent retailers including Fry's, Micro Center, and CompUSA.
●Supervised 10 employees and independent contractors, overseeing manufacturing, order fulfillment, and customer success.

Network Engineer-Sr. Network Engineer-Project Lead Ingram Micro & ACS Santa Ana, CA 1998 – 2005
Trusted engineer overseeing design, implementation, and management of Ingram Micro’s most critical network infrastructure.
●Deployed a large-scale, highly fault-tolerant LAN/WAN for the e-commerce division of Ingram Micro. Included distributed locations, multiple ISPs, and redundant equipment (Cisco routers, switches, firewalls, and load-balancing appliances).
●Conducted cybersecurity vulnerability analysis collaborating with consultants from SAIC. Results of the audit were used to formulate network design improvements and formal policy. Reduced the number of security incidents by more than 90%.
●Executed the planning and deployment of a large-scale campus LAN upgrade featuring a fully fault-tolerant Cisco Catalyst 6500 switch infrastructure with approximately 2000 nodes.
EDUCATION and CREDENTIALS
BA Communications (Advertising) California State University Fullerton, CA
Certifications: Former Cisco Certified Network Professional (CCNP), Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer (MCSE)
Contact this candidate