Earl Lawton
Network Engineer
***** ***** **** ****, ******* 33549
Telephone: 813-***-**** Email:
ad46cj@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY: CCNA re-cert 3/11/2024 - Network Engineer/Analyst with over 20 years of Fortune 500 experience in developing and implementing leading edge information technology-based initiatives in support of key business objectives. Expertise in: major network development/configuration, software/hardware troubleshooting, network security, and a solid working knowledge of several Operating Systems. CCNA in security, Voice, Route/ Switch, CCNP Route/switch, CCIE written,1 LAB attempted, SSCP, JNCIA are certs I have held, currently not active.

TECHNICAL EXPERTISE: TCP/IP UDP/IP IPX/SPX MPLS, DLSW, Frame-Relay, ATM, PPP, ISDN, L2TPSpanning-Tree, OSPF, EIGRP, RIP BGP-4, HSRP, and VRRP. Diagnostic Tools: Wireshark, ethereal: Management Tools: Cisco Works, Openview, Castle-rock, Cisco NAM, What’s up Gold, Solar-winds. Fluke Lanalizer. Security: Cisco ASA, Fortigate, Checkpoint, Juniper firewalls using, ACL, IKE, AH, ESP, GRE, TACACS, RADIUS, AAA, SSH : Routers/Switches: Cisco ASR, ISR, 72xx, 37xx, 38xx, 39xx, Nexus 5k, 7k, Catalyst 65xx, 55xx, 45xx, Wireless: WISM, 4400, 5520 - Netscaler and F5 load balancer - Layer 2 Topology: Ethernet, Frame Relay, MPLS, PPP, SDN, SONET, Metro E, Async, Sync modems, RS-232. Proficient with QOS and Cisco queuing techniques. Some hands experience on with Windows servers/work stations and Unix/Linux.
20 + years in Cisco networking as Design/Engineer, Architect, Analyst

Possess a unique ability to analyze an organization’s networking needs, and then define and deliver appropriate systems solutions.

Design, Implementation, and Maintenance of TCP/IP network for 12 nationwide organizations connecting to a central data center from 40+ remote locations. Additional strengths include:
· Technical Project Management • Improving Systems Efficiency
· Qualitative & Quantitative Analysis • Defining Systems Requirements
· Solid Blend of People & Technical Skills • Client Relations, Support Management
· Ability to Grasp & Utilize New Technology • Forming & Leveraging Vendor Alliances

SELECTED ACCOMPLISHMENTS: Improved work flow by developing and updating aspects of communication procedures while simultaneously planning and leading migration team members.
Formulated comprehensive and creative solutions for specific customer requests by engineering technical solutions, which eliminated manual intervention in current process. ·
Recognized by senior management from USAA and Verizon as well as the State Insurance Commissioner as an outstanding network analyst for service above and beyond that which was required in developing a project plan that allowed existing infrastructure to be utilized in a time-sensitive environment.
· Ensured top-notch operational performance and minimal disruptions to site operation by executing back-end and front-end enhancements on a timely basis.
Skillfully acted as a key liaison between technical department and senior management, which greatly improved mutual understanding and quicker responses on numerous long-term challenging projects. These efforts created a consensus among numerous individuals with different priorities and objectives.

Researched and selected vendors while planning and supervising seamless data communications infrastructure upgrades. Collaborated as a team player/leader on a variety of front-end and back-end applications while working closely with 4 team members and outside firms.

Demonstrated track record in gathering requirements and designing infrastructure for specific needs

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

12/2022 to current
Retired

When I decided to come out of retirement and return to the Network Engineering as a career field, I realized my certifications needed to be renewed. I worked part-time at Walmart while studying for the CCNA exam. On March 11,2024 - I passed the exam.

IT Resources/ ICP group Tampa, Fl - 12/14/2022 - 12/28/2022
Project work: analyze existing Core Switch to determine details on its configuration.
Documented all interfaces (L2 and L3), VLANS, static routes, MAC addresses, aggregation, tagging.
The switch is being decommissioned and this prep work was to support new infrastructure where all layer 3 technologies will be part of a Firewall.

Personal Time - Sept. 2021 to Dec. 2022
Used time away from work to complete house remodel and update skills.

RHI/Publix – Lakeland, Fl. March 2020 to Sept. 2021
Implementation Engineer – used engineering documents and company procedures to build plans and implement these providing new services for company functions and services. Troubleshooting issues as needed. Provided Disaster Recovery documentation for Applications. Used BGP,EIGRP,STP,DNS,DHCP

ETEAM/Verizon – 7701 E. Telecom Pkwy, Temple Terrace, Fl. 33637
Network Systems Engineer III June 6 2019 to Sept. 6 2019 - I was hired to support a new network initiative on a 3 month contract . My duties were to troubleshoot a home grown automation process that activated new DWDM circuits. The network elements were Cisco 4216/20xx, and Ciena T6500.

Feb 24, 2017 to June 6, 2019 - not working - I choose to take some time off for personal reasons. My wife and I were in a position to travel and enjoy life. The break was very good for us.

CRG/Duke Energy - 299 1st Street South, St Petersburg, Fl. 33701
Telecomm Analyst Feb 2 2016 to Feb 24 2017 - Analyzed existing network infrastructure in preparation for Upgrades to new standards. Created engineering plans with updated documentation for field personnel to use when executing these plans. Typically, Cisco ruggedness switches replaced Rugged-com. Researched conversion to BGP conversion project which involved 2 hub routers at two diverse Data Centers. This model would incorporate all remote sites. Used BGP,OSPF,STP,DNS,DHCP

DISYS/Serve - 200 Central Avenue, St Petersburg Fl. 33701
Sr Network Engineer November 2015 to December 2015 ( contractor cut from labor force due to budget )
Updated Network Diagrams Trouble shoot Flows through Firewalls ( Check point and ASA)
updated rules ACL as necessary. Used BGP,EIGRP,STP,DNS,DHCP

TEKSYSTEMS/Verizon – 7701 E Telcom pkwy, Temple Terrace, Fl. 33637
Sr Network Engineer March 2015 to November 2015
Engineered upgrades for existing Central Offices. These included new routers, switches and dual T1 circuits. Configured OSPF to provide ABR to BR connectivity. Planned and executed migration of Ethernet and Async connections from old to new infrastructure. Worked with remote site support to ensure all services worked the same before as after migration. Used BGP,EIGRP,OSPF,STP,DNS,DHCP

ROOMS to GO -13355 US Hwy 92 Seffner, Fl 33547
Sr Network Engineer October 2014 to February 2015
Analyzed and documented existing layer 2 single honed infrastructure, Designed replacement layer 3 multi honed with dynamic fail over infrastructure. Resolved several mis-configured route redistribution points which created routing loops. Designed and implemented new IPsec Profile solution for backup to MPLS primary to remote locations. Determined BGP and EIGRP mis configurations at remote locations, made recommendations to correct these. Used BGP,OSPF,STP,DNS,DHCP

PRESIDIO - 4300 W. Cypress St, Tampa Fl 33607 suite 800
Network Engineer June 2014 to July 2014
Consultant on sight support for Cisco networks at customers location.
Engineered, supported routers, switches, and ASA firewall used in customers business.

NETWOLVES Corporation - 4710 Eisenhower Tampa Fl 33610
Sr Systems Engineer November 2012 to February 2014
Designed, Implemented customized Router and ASA solutions for customers.
These customers contracted WAN connectivity through channel partners. The routers included 38xx and 1000 series ASRs .As an Senior Engineer,
I Configured and implemented custom solutions using a variety of WAN solutions. Several levels of monitoring and management were offered to the customers. When necessary, troubleshooting connectivity issues was also part of my duties. Several internal processes were influenced and modified to be more effective as a result of seeing a better way. I trained junior engineers on WAN/LAN technologies. Used BGP,EIGRP,OSPF,STP,DNS,DHCP

SYNIVERSE Technologies - 9840 Highlands Dr. Tampa Fl.33647
Sr Network Engineer - December 2010 to November 2012
Provide support/engineering for cell phone providers inter-connectivity. Trouble-shoot routing connectivity issues, updated prefix-list and community-list as needed . Configured and resolved network connectivity issues on Cisco, Juniper routers and Firewalls using screen OS and JunOS. BGP. OSPF, EIGRP, RIP2, IPsec VPNs. Load Balancers: F5 and Netscaler. Used BGP,OSPF,STP,DNS,DHCP

VITAL Network Services - 14770 McKinley Dr. Oldsmar Fl.
Principal Network Engineer August 2010 – December 2010 Service provide supported customers network trouble shooting and engineering new implementations. ASA, Netscreen, Checkpoint Firewalls. Netscaler load balancers Cisco routers and Switches IPsec VPNs, MPLS, Frame-relay BGP OSPF

SUNCOAST SCHOOLS Federal Credit Union – 6801 E Hillsborough Ave, Tampa Fl. 33610
July 2006 – August 2010
Network Engineer – Resolved several routing issues, corrected configuration issues which were causing intermittent routing loops. Developed and implemented new configurations for Cisco platforms to replace Motorola and Tasman routers. Isolated and resolved several Frame circuit issues. Migrated network to OSPF in place of existing RIP/EIGRP. Used Sniffer to isolate threw-put problem with new HPUX host to TCP window timing. Implemented SNMP monitoring for nodes via Ipswitch. Advised management in vendor selection for new WAN infrastructure. Developed configuration template for new WAN infrastructure utilizing IPsec tunnels supporting OSPF and VoIP. Implemented IPsec infrastructure and backup solution to remote locations supporting QOS for VoIP and Normal business applications.

VERIDUS(HAYS)/PUBLIX Super Markets - 321 S Kentucky Ave, Lakeland Fl. 33801
January 2006 – June 2006
Systems Engineer - Responsible for research and prototype network infrastructure. Designed and built a BGP LAB which simulated the new connection scheme providing dynamic load balancing and redundancy to Stores. Documented procedures for Implementing Wireless APs and related management infrastructure. Support handheld wireless terminal implementations. Used BGP,OSPF,STP,DNS,DHCP

VOLO Communications – 111S Wymore Rd. Altamonte Springs Fl. 32714
October 2005 - December 2005
Perform inter-operations testing and diagnostics for users of VOIP Infrastructure. Analyze packet sniffer traces to determine correct status messages from SIP proxies. Maintained Acme packet and Netrake Session Border Controllers. Involved in anti-virus software installation and maintenance along with building and maintenance of servers and work stations.

BRIGHTHOUSE Networks – 1211 Millennium pkwy, Brandon Fl. 33511
May 2005 to Aug 2005
Network Administrator - Responsibilities included implementing and troubleshooting network infrastructure at Network Operations Center. Configured, troubleshoot Cisco 6509 with FSM for VoIP solution. Configured Acme Packet session Border controllers and some Juniper routers experience. OSPF, BGP-4, HSRP, ATM, L2TP, Spanning-Tree, worked with Unix systems

PASCO COUNTY GOVERNMENT, - 13937 7th St,Dade City Fl. 33523
July 2003 to May 2005
Network Analyst - Focus on network design and support to include: WAN infrastructures using Frame-relay, dedicated serial links, and Cisco infrastructure providing DNS, Mail, Firewalls services. Specify hardware for new implementations per stated requirements, developed configurations for these as well. Provisioned security policies, pursued network issue to resolution. Additional duties centered management of the County’s network and various agencies using this network.
TCP/IP, DLSW, Frame-Relay, EIGRP, VPN, Cisco queuing, Policy routing and switching and QOS methods, PIX, Routers/Switches: Cisco 75xx, 37xx, 38xx, 65xx, 4500, Management SNMP. Used BGP,EIGRP,STP,DNS,DHCP

HILLSBOROUGH COUNTY GOVERNMENT, Tampa, Florida – 601 E Kennedy Ave Tampa Fl .
February 2003 to May 2003
Senior WAN Administrator - Principal responsibilities concentrated on defining guidelines and setting up/administering WAN structures using Frame relay. Held accountable for WAN SLA and services provided by infrastructures. Additional duties centered on the supervision of WAN/LAN team members, overall support and maintenance of network, and installation of network for new sites. Protocols: TCP/IP UDP/IP IPX/SPX DLSW, Frame-Relay. Used BGP,EIGRP,STP,DNS,DHCP

VERIZON DATA SERVICES, 1 Telecomm Pkwy,Temple Terrace, Fl. 33637
May 2000 to Feb 2003
Systems Engineer - Scope of duties consisted of writing detailed configuration plans for services offered to new customers. Utilized new and existing Cisco infrastructure to provide these services. Maintained documentation for network infrastructure while devising creative solutions for custom requirements. Resolved network problems as required. Responsible for implementing security solutions with firewall, VPN, and content switches. experience: TCP/IP UDP/IP, DLSW, Frame-Relay, OSPF, EIGRP, RIP, BGP-4, HSRP, Cisco: 75xx, 72xx, 36xx, 37xx, 65xx, 55xx, 400x, Local Director, CSS, SCA , Nortel: BBN, BLN, ASN, 450T, Layer 2 Topology: Switched Ethernet, TokenRing, Frame Relay, SDN, SONET, Async, Sync modems, Cisco queuing, Policy routing and switching and QOS methods. Interfacing to OSA adapters, Diagnostic Tools: Sniffer C.A., Management tools: Openview, Cisco Works. Worked with Unix systems. Used BGP,EIGRP,OSPF,STP,DNS,DHCP

IBM GLOBAL NETWORK, Tampa, Florida 1998 to 2000
Systems Analyst - Responsibilities encompassed troubleshooting connectivity issues for customers in a live call environment. Made minor configuration changes as required and worked with customer support personnel in order to ensure proper data flows. experience: TCP/IP UDP/IP IPX/SPX DLSW, Frame-Relay, OSPF, EIGRP, RIP, BGP-4, HSRP, SNA/VTAM with 3745 FEP.

USAA P&C INSURANCE, Tampa, Florida 1988 to 1998
Support Analyst - Primary duties focused on leading several migration teams charged with implementing new technologies. Provided technical leadership centered on troubleshooting recurring problems while simultaneously maintaining several systems, ensuring latest operating system and microcode levels. Additionally, collaborated with quality improvement teams centered on user efficiency. Experience: SNA/VTAM with 3745 FEP and 3174 Cluster controllers, Topology: Switched Ethernet, TokenRing, Frame Relay, SDN, SONET, Async, Sync modems, Diagnostic Tools: Sniffer C.A.,

DATAPOINT CORPORATION, Tampa, Florida 1981 to 1988
Senior Field Engineer - Accountable for installing and maintaining computerized office automation systems at customer sites while providing technical supervision for 7 field engineers performing technical operations throughout West Central Florida.
Interfaced with SNA/VTAM with 3745 FEP, used Local area networks with ARC.

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Telecommunications Management – Rochester Institute of Technology, May 1998
Associated of Science in Electronics Engineering Technology – Hillsborough Community College, September 1993

CERTIFICATES Professional
Cisco Certified Network Associate original cert in 1999 – recert 3/11/2024
Expired certs.
CCNA Voice - original cert 2007 -
CCNA Security – original cert 2008 -
Cisco Certified Network Professional - original cert 2001 – Current until 2014
CCIE Written – 2012
JNCIA 2012

CURRENTLY preparing for CCNA Devops
CERTIFICATES Education
Network Management (college)
Data Systems (college)
Voice Systems (college)
Contact this candidate