Jessie Gonzalez, A+ - CCNA
Brooklyn, NY 732-***-****
linkedin.com/in/jessie-Gonzalez ad4a94@r.postjobfree.com

Network Engineer Level lll

Professional Network and Systems Engineer with 6 years of experience designing and managing IP Networks, Network Security and Server Infrastructure, resolve escalated issues and implemented solutions to complex business needs. Responsible for over 1700 remote sites. (Stores and offices)

LAN and WAN Hardware Firewalls (Palo alto/Cisco ASA) Routing Protocols Routers (Cisco: Meraki, Catalyst, Nexus) AP (Meraki).

Professional Experience

Human Resources Administration-NYC, Brooklyn, NY 2023 to Feb 2024

Sr Network Engineer

Responsibilities:
Implement and support network infrastructure.
Monitor network performance, identify, and resolve network issues.
Heavily involved with the Meraki wireless and FortiGate hardware upgrade rollout. (FortiGate & Meraki)
Assist with firewall upgrade (Palo Alto to FortiGate)
Firewall policy management. (Palo Alto to FortiGate)
Management of structured cabling Infrastructure
Monitor and support VPN Application (Ivanti)
Configuration and management of Fortinet firewall infrastructure
Assist in Data Center cleanup (Cable management))
DHCP – DNS Management.
Research and evaluate new network technologies and products.
Create Visio diagram.
Responsible for data traffic at remote hubs/location
Monitored regularly the facilities to meet the SLA uptime standards.
Collaborate with other IT staff to assure smooth operation of network infrastructure.
Actively participate in incident response and root-cause analysis.
Respond to incidents generated in Service Now ticketing platform.
Network flow Monitoring using Riverbed.

NORTH STAR GROUP SERVICES, Union, NJ 2020 to May 2023

Network Engineer
Responsibilities:
Implement and support network infrastructure.
Developed and documented network policies, procedures, and standards.
Monitor network performance, identify, and resolve network issues.
Collaborate with other IT staff to assure smooth operation of network infrastructure.
Research and evaluate new network technologies and products.
Promote new ideas and make sound technical decisions.
Management of structured cabling Infrastructure
Troubleshooting wireless network issues (wireless extreme-Aerohive)
Monitor networks using PRTG, SDWAN, data centers.
Configuration and management of Fortinet firewall infrastructure
Firewall policy management
ISP circuit orders
Network equipment asset management
Assisted desktop support team on day-to-day tasks.
Actively participate in incident response and root-cause analysis.
Automated repetitive tasks to drive consistency + repeatability.

BED BATH & BEYOND, Union, NJ 2017 to 2020
Network Engineer of operations
To maintain all remote locations (All stores/VP offices)
Handled corporate sites, stores and warehouses by making sure there was data communications at all times. Doing this by communicating with vendors or service providers (Verizon, Manage business communications, Cisco, FE-Moran)
Responsible for data traffic at remote hubs/location
Ordered data circuits for remote sites such as Broadband, MPLS, and DIA)
Worked with Catalysts, Nexxus, Meraki, ASA firewalls, Palo Alto, extreme & Meraki access points
Vendor network development
Monitor all sites using tools such as (spectrum & Infoblox)
Monitored regularly the facilities in order to meet the SLA uptime standards
Migration hardware testing along with peripherals
Heavily involved with the Meraki hardware upgrade rollout
Provided Visio and documentation for Meraki rollout to the company
Provided training on new Meraki equipment
Responded to numerous team request such as access lists, fire-flow and change management
Worked with purple providing guest WIFI for the company
Configured and dispatched various network equipment such as routers, switches, firewalls, network racks, SFP adaptor, etc.
Provide network engineering and support for mission-critical applications for multiple store locations
Provide On-call or after hours support to provide expert recommendations for troubleshooting issues
Responsible for the maintenance of high-quality network services while supporting the implementation of new systems and infrastructure upgrades in a dynamic environment
Interface with key customer contacts, project managers, other service delivery managers and staff, subcontractors, support personnel, and other stakeholders
Directly executing network services projects, and operations activities
Interfacing management in support of the achievement of service level, financial and technical objectives
Successfully deployed switch & Access point Migration to new Meraki infrastructure throughout all stores and remote sites

BED BATH & BEYOND, Union, NJ
Senior Desktop Engineer 2014 to 2017
The primary focus of this role is to provide remote desktop, NOC, and POS support to the 1600 retail stores and corporate offices
Supports users with mapping shared network drives
Hardware support including printers, laptops, mobile devices, tablets, servers, smart badges, and RF scanners from many different vendors.
Troubleshoot, deploy, and escalate voice related issues including analog and digital phones, cables and so forth for corporate offices and retail stores
Support Remote users using Remote Access VNC-Team Viewer

Adept at handling high volume of calls daily and remaining professional and efficient.

Support AS 400 servers for retail stores

Unlock profiles, change passwords, and allow access through active directory.

Using remedy ticketing/Service now system to assign to corresponding team. Creating tickets with vendors and document, write and verbalize with ticketing system always.

Support Music receivers or Contact Mood Media for support.

E-mail requests for technical support
NAS support-Used only by VP’s

Support corporate users with Windows 7-OSX Mac, Lotus Notes, Microsoft Office, VPN, Virtual Desktop

Support retail users with VPN, Citrix, OS-Windows 7, Virtual Desktop, AP support

Vendor Experience:

Cisco
Microsoft Server
Fortinet
VMware
Meraki
Aerohive
Service Now
PRTG
Wire Shark
SolarWinds
Infoblox

Education
Prospect Heights Brooklyn, NY (Graduated 1999)
Pc Age, Edison, NJ -Network Engineering (June 2009-June 2010)

*Bilingual (English & Spanish)
Contact this candidate