Solomon Ehigiator
Fort Worth, TX 347-***-****
Solomon - LinkedIn ad4e8o@r.postjobfree.com
Network Security and Cybersecurity Professional
Dedicated and results-driven Network Security Engineer with 6 years of experience in designing, implementing, and managing robust security solutions. Adept at identifying vulnerabilities and implementing effective measures to protect networks and sensitive information and contributing technical expertise and leadership skills to a dynamic organization with progressive experience in Telecommunication Infrastructures. Experienced in communicating risk to both technical staff and business stakeholders for strategic business decision-making. Specialized experience in developing and presenting instructional topics to both technical and non- technical audiences through virtual and in-person delivery. CORE COMPETENCE
Risk identification and Assessment Policy Development Cybersecurity Documentation Project Management Compliance Auditing Vulnerability Management Penetration Testing Technical writing Experience with security tools such Kali Linux, Metasploit, and Burp Suite Pro and Experience in scripting Languages including Python and Bash and Leadership skill Experience with multiple operating systems including Windows, Mac OS, Unix/Linux, and mobile platforms. Network Security, Threat Detection and Mitigation, Incident Response, Security Auditing and Compliance. Manages the deployment, monitoring, maintenance, upgrade, and support of Security devices: Firewalls, IPS, WAF, Email Firewall, Web Proxy. Ensures that all changes to Security and Network adhere to established Change Management processes and procedures. Ensures adherence to security policies, including regular security updates and patches to all systems. Performs O/S health checks, analyzes system performance and identifies problems that are causing system and/or application issues. Follow and implement best practice methodologies for monthly patching and vulnerability remediation. Conducted risk assessments and developed security policies to ensure compliance with industry standards and regulations.
Work Experience:
RENAISSANCE Network Reinvent July 2022 -Present
Network Security Engineer
Administered and maintained security systems, ensuring the integrity and availability of network resources. Proficient in identifying vulnerabilities, mitigating threats, and establishing security protocols to safeguard sensitive information.
Conduct regular security assessments, vulnerability scans, and penetration testing to identify and mitigate potential threats.
Conducted regular vulnerability assessments and penetration tests to identify and rectify potential security weaknesses.
Provide guidance and support to IT teams on security best practices and ensure compliance with industry standards.
Administered and maintained the organization's network infrastructure, ensuring optimal performance and reliability.
implemented security policies and procedures to safeguard network assets and sensitive information.
Conducted regular audits to assess the effectiveness of security measures and recommended improvements.
collaborated with vendors to evaluate and implement security solutions, including firewalls, intrusion detection systems, and antivirus software. Monitor and analyze security logs, respond to incidents, and coordinate incident response activities.
Designed and implemented the tests that ensure the quality and functionality of a product that are involved in all phases of the testing program, from designing the test parameters to troubleshooting errors and writing up final test procedures.
Administered and maintained the organization's network infrastructure, ensuring optimal performance and reliability.
Design, implement, and manage security measures to protect the organization's computer systems and networks.
Implemented and managed security information and event management (SIEM) systems for real-time threat detection. Net-Solution Inc, TX July 2021 – July
2022
Network Engineer Test
Implemented security protocols, Firewall rules, and access controls to protect network assets from cyber threats.
Monitor security logs, analyze incidents, and respond to security breaches in a timely manner.
Monitored network performance and conducted regular maintenance to optimize efficiency.
Collaborated with vendors and service providers to troubleshoot and escalate issues when necessary.
Documented network configurations, changes, and incidents.
Assisted in the development of network security policies and implemented security measures.
Contributed to the development of disaster recovery and business continuity plans.
Participated in on-call rotation for 24/7 network support.
Designed and implemented new network solutions and/or improving the efficiency of current networks.
Installed, configured and supported network equipment including routers, proxy servers, switches, WAN accelerators, DNS and DHCP
Skills: FUJITSU 9500. FUJITSU 9400, IFP5-EXX 1, IFP 5-TBA 1, TELLABS and JUNIPER Networks MI20, MX 960 and Lucent. Solomon Ehigiator ad4e8o@r.postjobfree.com Page Two
Spectrum, Garland, TX Sep 2019 – July 2021
Network Engineer
Implemented security protocols, Firewall rules, and access controls to protect network assets from cyber threats.
Tested fiber network and integrated network hardware to bring new products on-air and enhance customer experience.
Designed and Maintained Telecommunications systems, including Voice and Data Networks for corporate clients. Merit Communication, TX May 2013 – Sep 2019
Field Tech
Tested and performed assessments of application controls and IT general controls, such as access control, change management, operations, disaster recovery, ensuring company information system were secured and operating effectively.
Designed and implemented telecommunications systems, including voice and data networks, to meet business requirements.
Managed and maintained network infrastructure, including switches, routers, PBX systems, Configuration of VoIP and gateways assigning.
Performed capacity planning and network optimization to ensure peak performance.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to troubleshoot and resolve complex telecommunication issues.
Implemented security policies and procedures to safeguard network assets and sensitive information. Education
National Open University of Nigeria – Bachelor’s - Communication Technology
University of Lagos – Certification - Security in Operation and Management Certifications
JANBASK: Cyber Security
GOOGLE Certification: Foundation of Cyber Security
TCC: Network Security Telecoms
Ethical Hacker (CEH), EC Council Penetration Tester
Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA)
Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cybercrime
Certified Information Systems Security Professionals (CISSP)
AWS Certified Solutions Architecture Associate Google Encoder - Decoder Architecture
Introduction to Generative AI Studio Introduction to Artificial Intelligence Machine Learning Professional Membership
Member: Telecommunications Professional Association
Member: Fiber Optic Association (FOA)
Contact this candidate