JUSTIN JOHNSON

PROFESSIONAL Innovative Network Engineer committed to designing and building robust data Communication networks. Excels in local and wide area networks, intranets, and research communication networks. Develops and understands company's business plan and supports goal attainment. Detail oriented team player with strong organizational skills. Ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously with a high degree of accuracy.

SKILLS
●Team Developer
●Microsoft
●Linux
●Python
●Network Security
●Cloud Security
●Computer Hardware
●Avid Pro-Tools
●Sound Design
●Sound Production & Editing
●Music Production & Editing
●Video Production & Editing
WORK HISTORY
PRINTING DEPT. LEAD 04/2019 to Current
Office Depot
●Provide excellent customer service, manage inventory and schedule deliveries, print documents, photos, posters, and execute projects on a deadline, keep machines calibrated and maintained.
PROPERTY MANAGER 10/2021 to Current
Johnson Property Management Group
●Manage 4 properties - 1 in California and 3 in Vegas, manage all property issues, concerns, repairs, etc., tenant placement and removal, financial partnership with City on Sec 8 tenants.
SHIFT SUPERVISOR 01/2017 to 02/2019
Jimmy John's Restaurant
●Provide excellent customer service, production prep and closing responsibilities
EDUCATION San Diego State University, San Diego, CA
Certificate, Python For Security, 06/2023
Shown the ability to complete basic programming challenges in the Python language with an understanding of secure coding practices for both defensive and offensive purposes.
San Diego State University, San Diego, CA
Certificate, Linux Security, 04/2023
Understand terminal fundamentals in Unix operating systems with users' permissions, system, and networking management. Additionally, the security practices of Hardening the Linux OS and the network.
San Diego State University, San Diego, CA
Certificate, Computer Networking, 03/2023
Shown the ability of networking fundamentals with an understanding and importance of separating networks, creating ACLs, and setting up port security.
San Diego State University, San Diego, CA Certificate, Cloud Security, 03/2023
understand different CSPs, the services that are provided with hands-on experience dealing with virtualization, cloud security through the proper practices of least privilege model with the use of GPOs, and basics of an SDN.
San Diego State University, San Diego, CA Certificate, Microsoft Security, 01/2023
shown the ability of networking fundamentals with understanding separation of networks through VLANSs or subnetting to minimize network intrusions from internal or external threat actors.
Mt. San Jacinto College
Associate of Arts, Audio Engineering, 06/2022
Shown and understanding of mixing as well as the ability to sound design, set up venues, and the hardware in the industry.
Vista Murrieta High School, Murrieta, CA Diploma, 06/2017

CERTIFICATIONS ● Python for Security - 06/2023
●Game Theory Strategy in Cybersecurity - 09/2023
●Cyber Infrastructure & Technology - 03/2023
●Linux Security - 04/2023
●Cloud Security - 03/2023
●Microsoft Security - 01/2023
●Computer Networking - 03/2023

COMMUNITY Kids Against Hunger, Indiana - Red Shirt Performance Leader
Contact this candidate