*
Saleh Abd Elhafiz Saleh Ahmed
Mobile :*****- *7123013 / 50071009
Email : ad4g9e@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/saleh-ahmed-a691786 Professional Summary
A highly experienced and skilled network engineer and project manager with a proven track record of success in the ISP, telecom, and industrial sectors. Expertise in a broad range of networking and security technologies, as well as the ability to lead and manage complex projects. Excellent commercial awareness and experience working with cross-functional teams.
Multi-Vendors support (Alcatel / NOKIA SAR 7705, 7750, Cisco, Huawei& Fortinet) Professional Experience
November 2021 – Present https://www.stc.com.kw/en
Technical Project Manager ISP – (KOC Project) Qualitynet (solutions by stc) - Kuwait
Manage a team of network engineers and participate in hands-on project work.
Design, plan, and implement network solutions, including network expansion.
Manage the technical infrastructure and resolve customer ISP issues.
Propose improvements and coordinate with the team to implement them.
Participate in advanced projects to enhance network scalability.
Plan and perform POC tests, and analyze tender technical specifications.
Guide the design of IT systems and networks, and report on network utilization, performance, and suggested developments.
January 2018 – October 2021 https://www.stc.com.kw/en Project Manager& Technical PM Qualitynet (solutions by stc) - Kuwait
Define and implement project processes and tools.
Manage and direct successful installations.
Develop and monitor project budgets, billing, and contracts.
Provide weekly status reports to senior management.
Coordinate with management and other departments to drive projects and ensure customer satisfaction.
Prepare project plans and resources, and meet target dates.
Monitor staff performance and ensure adequate training and development.
Liaise with sales, customers, and vendors to ensure installation as per contract.
Analyze IT requirements and give independent advice.
Define project objectives and determine information system requirements. 2
Design IT systems and networks ensuring the right architecture and functionality.
Establish methods for testing business solutions and create report templates. March 2011 – December 2017 https://www.stc.com.kw/en Team Leader –Service Implementation Qualitynet - Kuwait
Manage and lead a team to provide quality customer service.
Establish and implement work procedures and processes that support company standards and directives.
Support and maintain telecommunications platforms and internal systems for customers and internal operations.
Install, configure, and manage company-supplied equipment and IT systems.
Ensure that systems and processes operate effectively, efficiently, and safely.
Support and maintain existing systems, implement new systems, and interact with internal departments and platform vendors.
March 2008 – March 2011 https://www.stc.com.kw/en
Network Planning Engin Qualitynet - Kuwait
Provide expert advice on network planning and optimization to other teams.
Provide technical support for network rollout and future network expansion planning.
Work with the Technical Manager to identify and solve problems and find technical solutions.
Contribute to the development of network planning and optimization processes and procedures.
Requires knowledge of the physical, data link, and network layers of networking. June 2007 – March 2008 https://www.stc.com.kw/en
Presales Engineer Qualitynet - Kuwait
Developing and delivering solutions for internet and data services.
Solving problems and improving the performance of internet and data services.
Providing new and innovative ways to deliver internet and data services. July 2004 – November 2006 http://www.barkotel.com
Network Engineer BarkoTel Communications S.A.E - Egypt
Installation and Configuration for different CISCO Routers (800, 1700, 2600, 2800,3600,3800, 7300, 7600 series) with data and voice configuration.
IP addressing design: Designing and implementing IP addressing schemes for different network topologies.
Router configuration: Configuring Cisco routers for data and voice services, including routing protocols, security features, and QoS.
Switch configuration: Configuring Cisco switches for Layer 2 and multi-layer switching, including VLANs, trunking, and spanning tree.
3
WAN links configuration: Configuring Cisco routers and switches for STM-1 and E1 WAN links.
MPLSVPN configuration: Configuring Cisco routers for MPLSVPNs. September 2002- March 2003 http://www.barkotel.com IT/Maintenance engineer BarkoTel Communications S.A.E - Egypt Education
Post-Graduation
2021 Enrolled in MBA at the University of the People – USA (Online) 2003-2005 Network Diploma – Higher Studies
Faculty of Engineering -Ain Shams University - Egypt Graduation
1997- 2002 Bachelor of Computer Engineering
Faculty of Engineering -Ain Shams University - Egypt Technical Certifications
Project Management Professional (PMP)
HCIE-Routing&Switching ( Written): Huawei
CCNP R&S, SP &CCNA
Fortinet NSE 7 – Network Security Architect
Work in progress: Risk Management RMP, CCNP Security & Cybersecurity OSCP COURSES
HCIE-Routing&Switching (Huawei)
Project Management Professional (PMP)
Aruba wireless
AlCatel MPLS management SAM 5620
During Preparing for Enterprise Project: Fast Lane- Course attendance
Building Scalable CISCO Internetworks (BSCI)
Building CISCO Multilayer Switched Networks (BCMSN)
CISCO Voice over IP (CVOICE)
Implementing CISCO Quality of Service (QoS)
Implementing CISCOWorks for Enterprise LAN/WAN Management (CWENT)
Self study: Implementing CISCO MPLS (MPLS)
CCNA & CCNP (course Attendance) NTI Regional Cisco Academy Languages
Arabic Language - [Mother Tongue].
English Language - Fluent [Reading, writing, listening, and speaking] Personal Credits
Self-motivated and detail-oriented individual with a strong desire to learn and grow. Able to work independently and as part of a team to achieve common goals. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
Contact this candidate