William Mujahid
202-***-**** ad4ghi@r.postjobfree.com
Experience
Network Engineer FAA Contractor with Leidos – Washington, DC August 2022 to Present
Responsible for overall network engineering support for a broad range of programs including planning, designing, and evaluating various components of the network. Duties may include providing specifications for network architecture, evaluating and recommending new technologies to enhance current capabilities, and performing needs assessments. Support level duties may include monitoring, installation, modification, testing and servicing of network equipment. Analyze and assess equipment and performance degradation, to include packet analysis, determination of hardware, software, networking and/or other technical changes necessary to verify restoration of service and meet operational requirements. Troubleshoot network problems, identifying probable cause, taking corrective action, updating documentation and making written recommendations to prevent problems from recurring.
IT Administrator The Arc of Prince George’s County - Largo, MD August 2019 to April 2022
Onsite & Remote support. Support staff with all aspects of IT services. Working with Active Directory to support staff, Office365 creating user accounts and performing access control. Traveled to Provision, distribute and install all IT software and equipment to over 50 sites throughout PG County. Deployed device’s i.e. tablets, iPhone, laptops with MDM tracking (Miradore), installed Anydesk on device. Keep inventory record for all device. Evaluated and installed new software releases and patches. Monitor and maintaining networks and servers. Upgrading, installing and configuring new hardware and software to meet company objectives Support and maintain all company data and technological infrastructure. Upgraded, repaired and configured computers, application software, servers, and various other peripherals. Provided end-user and remote support and technical assistance for server and client computers, enterprise applications, telecommunications systems, network components. Maintain entire telecommunications environment terminal and port infrastructure and configuration, created and maintained user phone and voicemail accounts. Provided day-to-day technical support to employee’s desktop systems software and hardware.

IT Freelancer Miscellaneous - McLean, VA February 2019 to August 2019
Supported several companies with maintenance of Data Centers, closets, and installation of wireless devices. Tasked with most Data Center cabling and installation of customers devices. When customer’s IT Department is located off-site. (Different States)

Technical Support 1 Capital One/Contractor - McLean, VA August 2018 to January 2019
January 2019 Contract position with Capital One Site IT/field Services Support Team, Going-Google migration and windows 10 imaging updates at various off-site locations nationwide. Image and install various software applications such as Gmail and Microsoft Office Suite on 18-30 HP laptops frequency to ensure each is running properly with the correct Capital One image available. Completely wipe data off pending disposal desktop and laptop hard drives to safely protect Capital One’s data on transit out. Run diagnostic test on refurbished laptops to determine if any issues occur, and verify the device is in optimal condition for a new user. Track Asset tags, product numbers, and serial numbers in an Excel spreadsheet in order to monitor activity of device to reduce loss of equipment and ensure end user receives it. Support technicians in closing approximately 5 tickets a day by resolving various technical issues such as updating devices to the latest image and replacing damaged laptops
Wireless network Engineer NIH/ Contractor-Apex Systems, Inc. October 2016 - May 2018Support the day-to-day operation of the data center along with 802.11 wireless network. Including: removing equipment for delivery trucks, inventory, cabling, configuring, testing & installation of network devices switches, and wap’s. Keeping spreadsheet records of all old and updated devices. Responsible for maintaining of diesel generator. Tasked with over 85 buildings on the NIH campus to support. In addition to my primary duties, troubleshooting and resolving wireless technical issues.
Data Center Technician SAIC/Contractor march 2016 – April 2016
Implementation of State-of-the-Art Data Center/NOC for Jordanian Military, Air Force and Army. Traveled to Amman, Jordan where I Configured and Installed network devices in the Militaries Brand New Data Center Facility. Duties included, installing new hardware components, transporting hardware to customer sites. Record and Maintain inventory of equipment’s keeping records of warranties for all tools and equipment. To pass on the Military Network Engineers. Organized cabling in unorganized data closets. Configured and Installed Cisco Access Points throughout base. Upgrading previously purchased Cisco devices (Router, Switches, WAP’s). Perform a full quality control check for all fabrication and installation efforts. Perform all software / firmware configuration uploads and checks to ensure the system performs to the manufacturer’s specifications. Provide clear and concise documentation on any configurations implemented or needed for successful implementation (i.e. network configurations, video settings, DSP settings, etc.). Complete system test and accept/certifications commissioning for installed solutions both remotely and onsite at client’s premises Perform R&D tasks both in house and in the field as needed for equipment used. Support all types of technical escalations from the field team and work with other team members on resolutions.
Network technician us House of Representatives December 2006 – July 2015
Provide tier-2 and tier-3 Network support in response to trouble ticket queue. Ordering and provisioning of telecommunications circuits, Domestic and International. Implementation and testing of (Congressmen’s District Offices Building). Responsible for Data Center equipment and data devices, cabling, sack and ranking. Supporting and configuring switches, routers and firewalls. Working in a Data Center environment maintaining system configurations and equipment maintenance schedules. Monitor and troubleshoot Congressmen’s internal networks, as well as Members Districts offices throughout the Nation and Internationally. All together over 15,000 end users. Opening internal trouble tickets, as well as keeping up with telecommunication companies to resolve issues. Keeping track and working trouble ticket to closure.
IT administrator Beltway business brokerage March 2005 – December 2006
Level 2 DSL Repair Technician Covad Communications October 2004 – March 2005
Business Center Manager Omni Hotel September 2003 – October 2004
SR. Logistician- Contractor Innovative Logistics Techniques September 2002 – November 2002
Data Activation Engineer II Espire Communications February 2000 – April 2002
Implementation Engineer Sprint Communications February 1999 – May 1998 (contract)
Technical Support Digex, INC. May 1998 – February 1999
High-Speed Data Account Executive II UUNET April 1997 - May 1998

EDUCATION
Parkdale High School, Riverdale Maryland
Contact this candidate