Sindhu
Sr. Network Engineer

+1-972-***-****

ad4jsy@r.postjobfree.com

Plano,Texas

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY/OBJECTIVE

●9+ years of experience in Designing, Implementing and Troubleshooting Service Provider Networks and Enterprise Networks. High level understanding of LAN, WAN, ISP circuits, Network Security, Application Delivery Controllers, SSL VPN and Wireless LAN.
●Worked on projects that include deployment of new devices, life cycle projects, migration from legacy to new solutions, Engineering, Operations, Software upgrade procedures in various client environments.
●Thorough Understanding of Switching and Routing protocols in Campus and Data Centers environments with multi-vendor equipment.
●Proficient in Cisco Catalyst Switching and Wireless technologies, adept in installation, configuration, optimization, maintenance, and troubleshooting across Core, Distribution, and Edge environments, including Catalyst Wireless Controllers supporting WiFi5 and WiFi6 Endpoints.
●Experienced in PaloAlto Firewalls, specializing in installation, configuration, optimization, maintenance, and troubleshooting of PA-Series devices. Skilled in implementing firewall policies to bolster network security and proficient in Identity Services Engine (ISE) deployment for access policy enforcement, network segmentation, and Zero-trust security frameworks.
●Expertise in installing, configuring, and maintaining Cisco Catalyst 2960, 3560X,3750X, 3850, Cat 9K, 4500-X, 6509, Nexus 2k, 5K, 7K,9K and CISCO ACI Juniper Switches that include EX and QFX series. Aruba Campus Switches.
●Good understanding of Network Protocols that include STP, RSTP, MST, PVST+, ARP, VLAN, VTP, 802.1Q, EtherChannel, HSRP, VRRP, GLBP, DNS, DHCP.
●Expertise in installing, configuring, and troubleshooting of Cisco Routers (ASR1K, 7200vxr, 3900, 3800, 3600, 2900, 2800, 1800, 800 series), Juniper MX series routers, Arista 7000 Series Routers.
●Design, troubleshooting and configuration experience with OSPF, IS-IS, EIGRP and BGP protocols on multi-vendor routers. Worked on Traffic path manipulation using various attributes, redistribution of routes, ISP peering, WAN connections, MPLS and DMVPN.
●Experience with Cisco Meraki wireless managed network infrastructure.
●Worked on FortiGate, Cisco ASA/Meraki, SonicWALL, and Check Point firewalls.
●Worked extensively on Access, Distribution and Core layers in Data center, IDF and MDF environments. Experience with Spine and Leaf Architecture using Cisco ACI and Arista Cloud Vision.
●Thorough understanding of redundant features in different layers which include VPC, VSS, MEC, M-LAG, Port-Channels (LACP, PAGP), VDC.
●Experience with legacy and Next Gen Firewalls that include Cisco ASA (5500 Series), Palo Alto (5000 Series), Check Point and FortiGate Firewalls. Worked on Installation of firewalls from scratch, migration, and configuration of policies end to end.
●Hands on experience with data center technologies that include spine leaf, CISCO ACI, Arista cloud vision.
●Exposure to Centralized management (Panorama, Forti-Manger, Smart Console) of firewalls in the environment, Log monitoring, generating reports, config backups, Perimeter firewalls, Server Farm firewalls.
●Worked on Security Policies, NAT Policies, URL Filtering, SSL forward Proxy, APP ID, Threat ID, User ID, Wildfire, Signatures, Zones, Virtual Systems, IDS and IPS features in perimeter and Cloud firewalls.
●Experience with IronPort, Bluecoat and Zscaler cloud Proxies for Internet Web Security. Worked on migration project from IronPort’s to Zscaler Internet Security. Experience with ZAPP, Blacklist and Whitelist policies based on location, AD groups. Integration with Azure AD for SAML Authentication.
●Worked on Zscaler Private Access- ZPA for app based per user VPN. Experience with APP connectors, access policies, APP segments, LSS connectors in ZPA.
●Working Knowledge and demonstrated experience on the Cisco Juniper, HP Aruba, Avaya, and Arista switches & Routers.
●Worked on Application Delivery Controllers that include F5 LTM, GTM and ASM, Citrix NetScaler’s, Cisco ACE, GSS load balancers. Worked on Configuring virtual servers, one arm and two arm LB Architecture, iRules, Monitors, DNS based topology load balancing, Persistence Profiles, SNAT etc.
●Worked on AWS and Azure cloud configurations with respect to network connectivity and Security. Worked on configuring VNETs, Security Groups, Direct Connect, Express Routes, troubleshooting EC2 instances, Installation of Infoblox, Palo alto firewalls in different AZs.
●Experience working on Spine Leaf Architecture with VXLAN overlay, BGP or OSPF underlay. Implementation of VTEPS, VNI, Bridge Domains, Tenants, EPG, EVPN, Symmetric IRB. Configuration experience in Cisco ACI and Arista Cloud Vision.
●Experience migrating from DMVPN to SD-WAN solution using Versa and Viptella solution. Worked on Versa Director and Cisco Viptella.
●Experience with Aruba and Cisco Wireless LAN controller. Worked. Worked on integration of WLAN with RADIUS servers like ISE and ClearPass. Worked on configuring AP profiles, SSID, Authentication roles, RF parameters on WLAN controllers. Experience with Master, local controllers, Anchor controllers, Instant AP, Remote access points.
●Worked on monitoring tools that include Solarwinds, Netcool, Whatsupgold. Experience with SNMP V2C and V3. Worked on Log Collectors that include Splunk and ArcSight.
●Basic understanding and implementation experience with Python and Ansible for network automation tasks that include automatic backups, config templates, tasks automation like software upgrades etc.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Router and VoIP Platforms

Cisco Routers series 9k, 7300, 4000, 3800, 2000, 1900, Avaya products, cisco IP phones.
Routing Fundamentals and Protocols

Routed and Routing protocols RIP, EIGRP, IS-IS, OSPF, BGP, IPX, MPLS, IPv4, and IPv6 addressing, subnetting, VLSM, Static routing, ICMP, ARP, HSRP, VRRP, Route Filtering, Multicast, 802.11, Policy-Based Routing, Redistribution, Port forwarding.
Switch Platforms

Cisco Catalyst series 2960, series 3560, 3850, 4500, 6500, 7000, Nexus series 2K, 5K, 7K, Nortel/Avaya 5510, 5520.
Switching Fundamentals and Protocols

Ethernet technologies, LAN networks, MAC, VLAN and VTP, STP, PVST+, Multicast, RSTP, Multi-Layer Switching, 802.1Q, EtherChannel, PAgP, LACP, CDP, HDLC, RARP.
Firewall Platforms

Checkpoint (NGX R65, 3100, 5100, 5900), Cisco Firewalls (ASA 5505, 5506-X, 5585), Palo Alto Networks (PA series 2K, 3K and 5K) with panorama 8.0, WAF,FTD.
Security Protocols

Standard and Extended ACLs, IPsec, VPN, Port-security, SSH, SSL, IKE, AAA, Prefix-lists, Zone-Based Firewalls, NAT/PAT, HIPAA standards, Ingress & Egress Firewall Design, Content Filtering, Load Balancing, IDS/IPS, URL Filtering, L2F, IDS, TCP Intercept, Router Security, SNMP trap .
Network Management and Monitoring

Wireshark, Infoblox, HP NView, Cisco Prime, Splunk, Security Device Manager (SDM), Cisco Works, TCP Dump and Sniffer, SolarWinds Net Flow Traffic Analyzer, NetScout, Network Performance Monitor (NPM), Network Configuration Manager (NCM), SAM, IP Address Manager, Additional Polling Engine.
Load Balancers
F5 (BIG-IP) LTM 2000, 3900Viprion, Cisco ACE, Citrix NetScaler
WAN technologies
ISDN, ATM, MPLS, DS1, DS3, OC3, T1 /T3 lines, SONET OC3-OC192, SDH, POS, PDH .
Other Networking Protocols and Fundamentals

DHCP and DNS server, Active Directory Management, NTP, NDP, TCP, UDP, FCP, Network Implementation, Troubleshooting techniques, NHRP, NetBIOS, NFS, FTP, TFTP, HTTP, PAP, PPTP, SIP Trunking, SNMP logging, SMTP, RADIUS and TACAS+, PBX servers, SDN, SAN .
Operating Systems
Windows 10/7/XP, MAC OS, Windows Server, Nexus OS, Cisco IOS XR, Linux, UNIX, Cumulus.

Wireless Technologies

Canopy Wireless Devices, D-Link Point-to-point Wireless, D-Link APs, CISCO 1200 series APs, Aruba wireless and APs, Cisco Meraki, Linksys Wireless/Wi-Fi Routers, Prime Infrastructure, Ekahau, Air Magnet, AirWatch and WLC’s (8510, 5508, 5706), Cisco AironetAP’s (2600, 3600, 3700), ISE, MSE, Aruba 225, Aruba 3000 controller & Airwave, ISE, Clear Pass 6.0,6.2,6.5
Scripting
Python and Ansible

EDUCATION

Name of School: Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Hyderabad.
Degree: Bachelor of Technology in Electronics and Communication Engineering (ECE).
Years: 2014.
CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES

●(CCNA) – Cisco Certified Network Associate
●(CCNP) – Cisco Certified Network Professional
●(PCNSE) – Palo Alto Certified Network Security Engineer
●(JNCIA) – Juniper Certified Network Associate

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Senior Network Engineer
Compass Group Charlotte, NC Jun’ 2022 - Till Date

Responsibilities:
●Worked in BMC’s Deployment and operations team to support multiple migrations in switching, routing, firewalls, LB and Proxies.
●Palo Alto design and installation (Application and URL filtering, SSL decryption, SSL Forward Proxy). Configured and maintained IPSEC and SSL VPNs on Palo Altos. Successfully installed PA-5000 series firewalls in Data Center as perimeter Firewalls.
●Migration of ASA firewalls to PA next gen Firewalls using migration tool in PA. Migrated all IPSEC tunnels, ACL’s, NAT rules and policies.
●Experience working on Cisco ASR 9K, Nexus 7k and 9K. Configured and designed OSPF, EIGRP and BGP at Distribution and Core layers. Configured OTV layer 2 connection between Data centers on Nexus.
●Worked on Juniper devices like M, MX, T routers on advanced technologies like MPLS VPNs, TE and other service provider technologies.
●Worked with different models of Cisco/Juniper/Arista switches, routers, firewalls, load balancers, VPNs and wireless systems.
●Heavily involved with data center migration from Cisco to primarily Arista with minimal downtime utilizing VxLAN.
●Worked on setting up pulse secure SSL VPN in Dmz for remote user connectivity and authentication of directory services in pulse secure, end point host checker, deploying Pusle connect client to end points, VPN tunneling etc
●Experience with configuring BGP, OSPF in Juniper M and MX series routers. Worked on several BGP attributes like MED, AS-PATH, Local Preference for route optimization. Worked on Route-Reflector, Route-Redistribution among routing protocols.
●Deploying and decommissioning Cisco switches/Firewalls and their respective software upgrades. Hands on experience in Installing and Configuring Palo Alto PA-3060 Firewalls to protect Data Center.
●Designing and providing support of Routers, Switches, Security Solutions, VPNs, L4-7 Load Balancers, SD-WAN and Network Management Solutions across LAN/WAN.
●Integrated Meraki SD-WAN into the infrastructure during the design process.
●Configured WAN connections with Meraki and FortiGate SD-WAN.
●Implemented Palo Alto solution for remote and mobile users and for analyzing files for malware in a separate (cloud-based) process that does not impact stream processing.
●Work with Load Balancing to build connectivity to production & disaster recovery servers through Citrix NetScaler.
●Designed and developed AWS Cloud Formation templates to create custom VPC, Subnets, NAT to ensure deployment of web applications.
●Deploying Cisco 6500, ASR 9K /Arista/Juniper Routing/Switching - 6500/7020R/QFX.
●Deploying Layer 2 layer 3 protocols (BGP, OSPF, STP (PVST+) and Ether Channel, Port channels in Cisco and Arista platforms.
●Installed Meraki SD-WAN solution Confidential remote branches to better utilize carrier circuits and mitigate packet loss and latency.
●Experience in Configuring VPN, routing, NAT, access-list, security contexts, and failover in ASA firewalls.
●Performing troubleshooting on slow network connectivity issues, and Performance on F5 and Cisco ASA Firewalls. To secure configurations of load balancing in F5, SSL/VPN connections, Troubleshooting CISCO ASA firewalls, and related network security measures.
●Design expertise for the SD-WAN (Versa & Viptela), SD-LAN and WAN optimization technologies for efficient delivery of the application data across LAN and WAN.
●Maintained TACACS+/RADIUS Servers for AAA authentication and User authentication. Provided VPN services to site-to-site and, Remote access VPNs using IPSec tunneling. Work with IP for any vulnerabilities /ACLS and remediate as needed.
●Worked on Multiple AWS instances, set the security groups, Elastic Load Balancer and AMIs, Auto scaling to design cost effective, fault tolerant and highly available systems.
●Maintenance and troubleshooting of LAN, WAN, IP Routing, Multilayer Switching.
●Designed & Deployed Cisco ISE and Provided comprehensive guest access management for Cisco ISE administrators. Configured Cisco ISE for Domain Integration and Active Directory Integration.
●Implemented SSL offloading on NetScaler load balancer by uploading certificates and binding them to the virtual servers along with configuring proper SSL policies & cipher suites.
●Created templates for AWS infrastructure as a code using Terraform to build staging and production environments.
●Configured and performed software upgrades on Cisco Wireless LAN Controllers 5508 for Wireless Network Access Control integration with Cisco ISE.
●Extensive Knowledge in configuring and troubleshooting as well as creating Virtual Servers, Nodes, Pools and iRules on BIG-IP F5 load balancer LTM for load balancing and traffic management in DC environment.
●Tests security measures to reduce and mitigate risk. Actively probes the network for new threats and risks.
●Designed and implemented DMZ for Web servers, Mail servers & FTP Servers using Cisco ASA5500 Firewalls. Active/Standby and Active/Active HA configuration on Cisco ASA Firewalls.
●Design and implement global Active Directory migration in support of confidential divestiture.
●Renovate, design and implement Microsoft Active Directory (Access Controls, Group Policy, Kerberos Authentication, naming standards, trust relationships, best practices, security policies and standards)
●Experience with F5 load balancers - LTM, GTM series like 6400, 6800, 5000 and 2000.
●Policy Reviewing, Audit and cleanup of the un-used rule on the Firewalls using Tufin and Splunk. Rule and URL filtering remediation for Palo Alto devices. Maintain and manage Splunk related issues.
●Design expertise for the SD-WAN (Versa & Viptela), SD-LAN and WAN optimization technologies for efficient delivery of the application data across LAN and WAN.
●Configuration and troubleshooting of Cisco 2500, 2600, 3000, 6500, 7500, 7200 Series routers. Worked on Catalyst 4506E, 4507, 6503E and 6506E series switches along with Nexus 5020 switches in change of configurations and maintenance. VSS on 6506E switches maintenance to provide dual homing for the consumers as well redundancy.
●Proficient in Configuring VPC between the Cisco Nexus 7k, 5k. Scheduled maintenance of Nexus 2248, 5548 and 7010 switches so that there are no Orphan ports in the network.

Environment: Cisco Cat 2960, 3750, 3850, Cat 9300, 9500, 6500, 4500X, Nexus 2k,3k,5k,7k,9k, F5 Viprion, BIG IP 5000, PA 5000 series, Panorama, Cisco Versa, Cisco Wireless LAN 5508, Cisco ACI, Juniper EX-2200, EX-4200, EX-4500, MX-480, M Series, SRX650, SRX240, Zscaler proxies, SolarWinds, Cisco VOIP, Cisco ASR 9k, 1K

Senior Network Engineer
AT&T Dallas, TX Feb’ 2020 - May’ 2022

Responsibilities:
●Involved in complete LAN, WAN development (including IP address planning, designing, installation, configuration, testing, maintenance etc.).
●Design of DMZ in primary and redundant data centers with Next Gen Firewalls, IPS/IDS sensors, Switching and routing.
●Experience in deployment of Nexus 7010, 5548, 2148T, 2248 devices.
●Experience working with Cisco Nexus 2148 Fabric Extender and Nexus 5000 series to provide a Flexible Access Solution for datacenter access architecture.
●Experience configuring Virtual Device Context in Nexus 7010
●Installation and maintenance of Cisco Layer 3 switches 3750, 4500X, 6500 in multi VLAN environment.
●Maintenance and configuration of Cisco ASR1000 series and 7200VXR routers at data center and deployment of 3900, 3800, 2951 and 2821 for branch connectivity.
●Configuring AWS workspaces and working with Classic Load Balancing.
●Assist in managing the AWS relationship and AWS interface managing/monitoring the utilized AWS services/resources.
●Involved in migration from Site-to-sire GRE tunnels network to MPLS-based VPN for customer’s WAN infrastructure.
●Implementing security Solutions using Palo Alto PA-5000/3000, Cisco 5580/5540/5520.
●Migration experience from Cisco ASA 5500 to PA. Experience with migration tool in PA for Policies from ASA to PA. Experience with SSL forward proxy and URL filtering.
●Configuration and administration of firewalls, which includes Checkpoint, Juniper, and Cisco ASA firewalls.
●Experience with RIVERBED Steelhead appliance for WAN optimization.
●Configuring High Availability using Cluster XL on Checkpoint as well as VRRP and monitor the Sync status for tasteful replication of traffic between active and standby member.
●Configuring Cisco, Arista, Juniper Networks switch including 10/40/100Gb. Designed and configured Arista and Cisco Switches and Routers and reviewed technical requirements for deployment.
●Implemented over 250 Arista switches for new data center deployment in a CoLo facility utilizing Python scripts.
●Acquitted with Cisco Meraki for Cisco Wireless Devices Monitoring, managing and troubleshooting Cisco Wireless devices using Cisco Meraki.
●Researched, designed, and replaced Checkpoint firewall architecture with new next generation Palo Alto PA3000 and PA5000 appliances serving as firewalls and URL and application inspection.
●Configuring rules and Maintaining Palo Alto Firewalls & Analysis of firewall logs using Panorama.
●Successfully installed Palo Alto PA-3000/PA-5000 firewalls to protect Data Center and provided L3 support for routers/switches/firewalls.
●Can be able to troubleshoot and implement network designs using Avaya products.
●Involved in originating VoIP telephone calls are like traditional digital telephony, Call manager Express v4.x and involve signaling, channel setup.
●Configured and maintained IPSEC and SSL VPNs on Palo Alto Firewalls and implemented Zone Based Firewall and Security Rules on the Palo Alto Firewall. Exposure to Palo Alto Wildfire.
●Also be able to provide access to certain applications, provide posture checking services with SSL VPN such as ensuring remote clients are compliant before allowing them access and including other tools such as the use of virtual desktop functionality for very secure environments.
●Involved in Switching Technology Administration including creating and managing VLANS’s, Port security, Trunking, STP, Inter VLAN routing, LAN security etc.
●Configured BGP, EIGRP and OSPF and Policy based Routing.
●Configuring OSPF and Static routing on Juniper M and MX series Routers
●Provide Tier II Load Balancer expertise on F5 BigIP Local Traffic Managers (LTM). Designing F5 solutions/support for migration work of applications and websites from Cisco ACE Load Balancers to the F5 BigIP Load Balancers.
●Configuring VLAN, Spanning tree, VSTP, SNMP on EX series switches
●Configured Cisco 7200 routers which were also connected to Cisco ASA 5550 security appliances providing perimeter-based firewall security.
●Optimized performance of the WAN network consisting of Cisco 3550/4500/6500 switches by configuring VLANs.
●Used Ansible Playbooks to set up Continuous Delivery Pipeline. Deployed micro services, including provisioning AWS environments using Ansible Playbooks and also to document all infrastructures into version control.
●Configuring ASA 5510 Firewall and accept/reject rules for network traffic.
●Extensive knowledge and troubleshooting in data communication protocols and standards including TCP/IP, UDP, IEEE 802.3, Token Ring, Cable Modem, PPPOE, ADSL, Multilayer Switching, DoD standards.
●Managed the F5 BigIP GTM/LTM appliances to include writing iRules, SSL offload and everyday task of creating WIP and VIPs.

Environment: Cisco ASA 5500 series, F5 BIGIP, LTM, GTM, APM modules, Juniper M and MX routers, PA 5000, 3000 series Firewalls, Nexus @k,3K, 5K, 7K, 9K, 6500,4500, Checkpoint R75 series, cisco ACE, Riverbed, Meraki

Network Engineer
Mastercard St. Louis, MO May’ 2018 - Jan’ 2020

Responsibilities:
●Involved in complete LAN, WAN development (including IP address planning, designing, installation, configuration, testing, maintenance etc.).
●Installation and configuration of Cisco Routers 3600, 3900 and Switches3550, 3560, 3560E, 3750, 6500, 7200 routers for VLANs, Routing Protocols (OSPF, BGP), VPNs etc.
●Implemented Cisco ACS for wired and wireless user authentication utilizing certificates and MAB for all known company assets.
●Installed WAN and LAN access for internet and intranet access.
●Configured Ether channels, Trunks, VLANs, HSRP in a LAN environment. Worked on Access, Core and Distribution layers.
●Worked on pulse secure access management framework, user roles, resource profiles, virtual desktop resource profiles.
●Implemented route redistribution between OSPF and EIGRP.
●Provided end-user technical support for LAN and remote users in a 24/7 environment.
●Assisting in deploying WAN projects. Connectivity and configuration of routers, switches, end to end monitoring in new campuses.
●Develop implementation support processes, Time Motion models and escalation procedures supporting a variety of internal teams as the primary, in-depth technical Subject Matter Expert in Avaya implementation Best Practices
●Provided WAN/LAN Cisco router/switch configuration, implementation, and support to internal customer tickets involving BGP, OSPF, EIGRP.
●Configuration and Maintenance of ASA 5585 firewalls with firepower, 5540, 5525 Firewalls using Cisco Security Manager (CSM).
●Troubleshoot and Worked with Security issues related to Cisco ASA/ PIX, Checkpoint, IDS/IPS and Juniper Net screen firewalls.
●Used Ansible and Ansible Tower as Configuration management tool, to automate repetitive tasks, quickly deploy critical applications, and proactively manage change.
●Wrote Python Code using Ansible Python API to Automate Cloud Deployment Process.
●Implement and modify DNS entries and manage IP Addresses using Windows DNS and DHCP.
●Experience configuring and troubleshooting on Citrix NetScaler Load Balancer.
●Performed Access Control Lists(ACLs) to setup usage for the intended users.
●Responsible for IOS installations and upgradations using TFTP Server.
●Troubleshooted Routing/Switching/Security Configuration problems/errors encountered to Clients in Head/Remote Campuses.
●Performed subnetting of the IP addresses. Configuration and allocating IP and network resources to Storage, Virtualization, Server and Application teams.
●Responsible for design/implementation/maintenance of Site to Site VPNs, and remote access VPN's using Cisco solutions (ASA 5520 and 5540), including head-end and remote client side connections.
●Performed network monitoring using tools like Netcool. Log collectors using Splunk. SNMP V2C configurations.

Environment: Cisco Routers 3600, 3900 and Switches3550, 3560, 3560E, 3750, 6500, 7200, Cisco ASA 5500 series, Cisco PIX, Cisco Wireless 5508 WLAN, Citrix NetScaler, Windows DNS, DHCP, Infoblox, SolarWinds.

Network Engineer
Disney NYC, NY Oct’ 2017 - Apr’ 2018

Responsibilities:
●Assisted in troubleshooting LAN connectivity and hardware issues in the network of 500 hosts.
●Performed client requirements to provide solutions for network design, configuration, administration, and security.
●Involved in troubleshooting IP addressing issues and Updating IOS images using TFTP.
●Maintained redundancy on Cisco 2600, 2800 and 3600 routers with HSRP.
●Created a backup and recovery policy for software application and verified peripherals are working properly.
●Monitor performance of network and servers to identify potential problems and bottlenecks.
●Performed RIP & OSPF routing protocol administration. Support services to reduce the downtime on leased lines.
●Daily responsibilities included monitoring remote site using network management tools, assisted in design guidance for infrastructure upgrade & help LAN administrator with backbone connection and connectivity issue other responsibilities included documentation and support other teams.
●Designed and Implemented plan for migration from existing Catalyst switches to Nexus and configured NX-OS Virtual Port Channels, Nexus port profiles, Nexus VPC peer links on Nexus 5k and 7k.
●Cisco ASA/Checkpoint, Palo Alto Firewall troubleshooting and policy change requests for new IP segments that either come online or that may have been altered during various planned network changes on the network.
●Supported and executed migration to F5 BIG-IP LTM/GTM ADC Appliances from Citrix NetScaler
●Maintained BIG IP F5 APM VPN and provided solutions for intricate issues.
●Participated in the installation, configuration, and post-installation routine operational tasks and configuration of the Cisco Nexus Switches.
●Worked with Host Master for shared web hosting and managed Web Application Firewall (WAF), DNS and DHCP management using Infoblox and Analyzed networks using Wireshark.
●Provided redundancy in a multi-homed Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) network by tuning AS-path.
●Hand on experience the configuration and implementation of various Cisco Routers and L2 Switches.
●Designed and implemented VLAN using Cisco switch catalyst 3560, 3750, 3560 & 6500 series.
●Responsible for Checkpoint, ASA, Palo Alto Firewall management and operations across global networks.
●Analyzed customer application and bandwidth requirements, ordered hardware and circuits and built cost-effective network solutions to accommodate customer requirements and project scope.
●Experience in configuring and troubleshooting WAN technologies like MPLS, T1, T3, DS3, and ISDN.
●Involved in Design and Implementation of complex networks related to extranet clients.
●Troubleshooting the N/W Routing protocols (BGP, EIGRP, and OSPF) in Migrations and new client connections.
●Manage operational monitoring of equipment capacity/utilization and evaluate the need for upgrades, develop methods for gathering data needed to monitor hardware, software, and communications network performance.
●Worked towards the key areas of the project to meet SLA’s and to ensure business continuity. Involved in meetings with engineering teams to prepare the configurations according to the requirement.
●Provisioned load balancer, auto-scaling group and launch configuration for micro services using Ansible.
●Implemented Ansible to manage all existing servers and automate the build/configuration of new servers.
●Creating change tickets according to the scheduled network changes and implementing the changes.
●Worked with F5 Load balancing, IDS/IPS, Bluecoat proxy servers and Administrating.

Environment: Cisco Catalyst, Juniper, Cisco Nexus, PA, Checkpoint firewalls, F5 APM, LTM and GTM, MPLS, T1, T3, IronPort proxies.

Network Engineer
IP Soft Bangalore, IND Aug’ 2014 - Sep’ 2017

Responsibilities:
●Worked with the Help Desk for circuit troubleshooting to give Support to the Tech persons at the site.
●Managed servers, workstations, computers, laptops, printers, switches, routers and existing network applications.
●Conducted daily system health checks.
●Diagnosed and resolved all technical issues related to hardware and software.
●Performed quarterly audits for improving efficiency of systems.
●Performed daily audits on all systems, frameworks, hardware and server resources.
●Configuring routers and sending them to Technical Consultants for new site activations and giving online support at the time of activation.
●Supporting Development team for access to corporate network and outside world. Providing access to specific IP, Port filter, and port access.
●Experience with Cisco 7200, 7600 routers, Cisco 2800 3700 series switches: Physical cabling, IP addressing, Wide Area Network configurations.
●Performed troubleshooting, while maintaining trouble ticket tracking, following internal/external escalation procedures and customer notifications. Configured Cisco Routers for OSPF, RIP, IGRP RIPv2, EIGRP, Static and default route.
●Switching (Ethernet) related tasks included implementing VLANs and configuring ISL trunk on Fast-Ethernet channel between switches.
●Worked primarily as a part of the security team and daily tasks included firewall rule analysis, rule modification, and administration. Experience in working with designing, installing and troubleshooting of Palo Alto firewalls.
●Implemented SNMP on Cisco routes to allow for network management. Completed the installation and configuration of T1, T3 & OC3 circuits.
●Troubleshoot TCP/IP problems, troubleshoot connectivity issues.

Environment: Cisco Catalyst and Dell Switches, Cisco 2800, 7600 series routers, ISP circuits, Cabling, IDF/MDF.
Contact this candidate