Kevin Denis
ad4mtz@r.postjobfree.com
336-***-****

Junior Network Engineer with over 8 years of experience with an ISP covering 3 Islands designing, upgrading, configuring, and optimizing hybrid network topologies. This includes over 400 infrastructure radio antennas connected via POE and layer 3 switches, fiber/ethernet, firewalls, and OSPF routes. Help Desk Lead with 7 years of experience designing, installing, troubleshooting, repairing computers, printers, VoIP phones, Active Directory management, LAN management/optimization of WAP’s and remediating application/hardware issues for CSR’s.

Work History
Tier 3 Jr Network Engineer/IT Help Desk Lead at LibertyVI
January 2017 – Present
Job Duties
Maintain and troubleshoot all in-house devices such as computers, printers, phones, servers etc.
Work alongside middleman IT support teams such as Lumen, Neptuno, Aeronet, and viNGN.
Configure hardware for field deployment such as layer 2 and 3 switches, wireless radios, etc.
Assist Tier 1 and 2 CSRs with escalated trouble tickets,
aid tower climbers onsite during antenna swaps and service outages.
Maintain and improve the network performance of wired and wireless topology connecting 11,000+ clients.
Daily Tasks
1. Monitor Network Cloud Based applications such as PRTG, Preseem, cnMaestro, The Dude, Ignitenet, Ubiquity, VoIP 3cx Cloud.
2. Update and configure Cambium wireless radios and cnmatix switches, Brocades, Mikrotik suite of various switches, Ubiquity radio antennas and Unify switches, ignitenet, Sonicwall, Solectec, Radwin, Preseem, Yealink IP Phones.
3. User Access Management for PRTG, Azure and Active Directory.
4. Document tickets and projects through BillMax, Sonar, Trello, Sharepoint, Click Up, Slack.
Accomplishments:
Successfully lead a team of 6 Individuals in a NOC spanning 3 islands while short staffed.

In 2017 after hurricanes Irma and Maria hit, I redesigned an old 2.4ghz network infrastructure with 5ghz/60ghz equipment, configured, secured, and distributed, IOT devices for office staff to work remotely while network was being repaired. We were the 1st ISP in the VI to get the government back online within a week of the destruction.

Contract - Treasury Support Agent at SAIC
October 2023 to February 2024
Job Duties
Active Directory Management: Responsible for the administration, configuration, and maintenance of Active Directory services. Create, modify, and delete user and group accounts in Active Directory as per organizational requirements. Ensure proper permissions and access levels are assigned based on role-based access control principles.
Troubleshooting and Support: Provide technical support and troubleshooting assistance to end-users and IT staff regarding Active Directory-related issues, such as account lockouts, authentication failures, and access permissions.
Documentation and Reporting: Create and maintain documentation, including configuration guides, procedures, related to Active Directory infrastructure.
Daily Application Use of: ServiceNow, Jira, Bitbucket, Bamboo, SailPoint, and Outlook

Contract - IT Customer Support Analyst (I) at Ballad Health
August 2022 to September 2023
Job Duties
Responsible for 30+ calls per day with striving for first call resolution or appropriate escalation
Use ServiceNow ticketing system to create and resolve incident tickets and service requests.
Managed user accounts and permissions using Windows Server 2008 and 2012 r2 Active Directory Services. Regularly resolved related tickets.
Troubleshoot IT related issues (hardware, software, network, peripherals, VPN) for Federal employees and contractors nationwide via phone and BigFix Remote Desktop
Remotely install and maintain user required software including Microsoft Office 365
Monitor server, network, and mainframe architecture for issues using CA Spectrum and Zenoss software, and coordinate with a broad range of technical and engineering teams to resolve issues and outages.
Daily Tasks
1. Troubleshoot devices such as computers, phones, and printers.
2. Active Directory password resets
3. VDI session setup and resets
4. Create and document tickets in ServiceNow
5. Setup/Troubleshoot MFA
6. Answer calls through Genesys PureCloud (Approximately 30 + calls)
7. Assist users in Epic, Fluency Direct, O365, PACs, VMWare, Imprivata, Smart Square, Omnicell

Phone Support Representative at BroadbandVI October 2015 to December 2017
Job Duties
Entry level technical support customer level.
Will answer phones and assist with taking payments, field questions on product and technical issues.
Gather all pertinent information, name, number, and as much detail as possible as to what the issue is, create a ticket and escalate to the appropriate person.
Daily Tasks
1.Assign tickets to field installers through BillMax or Microsoft Excell
2.Enter all completed jobs into BillMax
3.Accept payments from clients.
4.Troubleshoot IOT device issues unable to initiate a network connection.
5.Document and escalate issues that pertain to network outages.

References available upon request.
Contact this candidate