BIOGRAPHY
Jim picked up his first camera in
middle school back in 1978. It was
a little Kodak Instamatic and Jim
enjoyed documenting his family
and friends in South Florida. In the
mid 1980’s, at Virginia Tech
studying Engineering and
Computer Science, he saved his
pennies for his first pro film camera
and photography became a
hobby. Learning photography in
the film days (and before the
Internet) was challenging,
expensive and time consuming.
In the 90’s Jim’s career as a
Network Engineer was taking off
included international travel. He
set aside his film cameras for the
lower quality but much more
convenient digital cameras
coming on the market to
document his trips across America,
Western Europe, and Asia.
The 2000’s saw many family
changes so Jim traded the travel
life to stay home and “be there”
as his son grew up. His
photography shifted from exotic
locations and people to
documenting his growing family,
friends, and motorsports
When Jim bought his first Digital
SLR camera in 2010 the on-again-
off-again flirtation with
photography blossomed into a
full-on love affair. The hobby
became a minor obsession. By
2015 photography had become a
part time job.
The spring of 2017 was a pivotal
time. Having reached the top of
his IT career, not wanting to be
sent off to DC to become a
bureaucrat, and with his side
photography business blooming,
he made the decision to switch
gears and Images by Design
Photography became his full-time
gig.
JIM
SETZER
WORK EXPERIENCE
Images by Design LLC, Owner, Manager & Chief
Photographer
Present
My mission is to create artistic, technically correct, and unique imagery for my clients including studio and on- location photographs, studio and on-location video clips, aerial imagery (photos and video), photo processing, and video production.
• As Host and Producer – IbD Photography
Workshops, share photography experience with
fellow photographers
• As Instructor – IbD courseware and at Virginia
Museum of Contemporary Art, provide structured
courses on specific photography topics
• Chief photographer and Editor
• Chief videographer, producer, and post
production editor
• Lead Remote Pilot in Command, sUAS (drone)
operations, Part 107 licensed remote aircraft
operator.
• Support several non-profit organizations by
providing photography and videography services
pro-bono
www.imagesbydesign.org, contains a portfolio of
photographic images and samples of video works.
US Navy, Command Information Officer
• As Chief Engineer and project manager for RDT&E
Network redesign, brought new functionality,
improved cybersecurity and reduced cost to Navy
research networks across the continental US.
• As a Subject Matter Expert for the CVN-21 Carrier Program, improved shipboard networks while
reducing total operating costs.
• As CIO, ensured compliance and cybersecurity for NAVSEA, Dam Neck Command and other facilities
• SPRDE Level 3 Certified
• LEAN/6 Sigma: Greenbelt
It quickly became clear that the
photography landscape was
changing so Jim began studying
videography and video
production, traded in his hobby
drones for commercial quality
sUAS systems and was one of the
first to receive an FAA license for
small Unmanned Aerial Systems
(sUAS) including authorizations to
fly the various restricted airspaces
across the region.
Now, Jim creates bespoke
magazine quality photos and
cinematic videos for corporate
clients.
HOBBIES
Motorsports
Hiking
Camping
Kayaking
EDUCATION
Virginia Polytechnic Institute & State University
August 1983 – July 1993
Computer Science, Mathematics, and Electrical
Engineering
• As a founding member of the Blacksburg Electronic Village Initiative, brought early internet connectivity and e-commerce to homes and business across
the New River Valley
Radford University
1989 - 1993
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science
• Created the first Campus-wide Local Area Network
(CLAN) creating an interoperable heterogeneous
computing environment across all academic
disciplines
• As a board member, Virginia Educational Regional Network (VERNet), brought Internet connectivity to higher education institutions and K-12 school
systems across the Commonwealth
Other
• Highest Security Clearance Held: TS/SCI
• Leadership Board Member – American Diabetes
Assoc.
• Imagery lead – Ping Pong Gives Foundation
• Contributing Artist – Working Class Karma
Contact this candidate