Sam Karimi –NOC / Network support Engineer Email: ad4ojb@r.postjobfree.com Tel: 617-***-****
Skills: Cisco CCNA Certification -March / 2013ADTRAN –ATSP Certification – Jan /2017 System Platforms: Cisco IOS, Adtran IOS, Extreme Networks, Enterasys, Linux, UNIX
Hardware: Cisco routers and switches, PIX firewall, Checkpoint firewall, Enterasys Dragon IDS/IPS, Extreme Network switches, Nortel VPN, Net scout probes, sniffers, F5 BigIP load balancers, Bluecoat network appliances, terminal server and out of band switches.
LAN /WAN Technologies: Gigabit Ethernet, Power over Ethernet, ISDN, VLAN, ATM, 802.11 WLAN, FDDI, STP WAN Technologies: MPLS, T3, Frame Relay, ATM, HDLC, PPP, HSSI
Network Protocols: TCP/IP,Routing Protocols: BGP, OSPF, EIGRP, RIP Applications: IBM Tivoli Net View, Net cool, HP Open View, Cisco Works for Switched Internetworks, What's Up Gold, Solar Winds, Enterasys Net Sight, Nagios, MRTG, Ethereal, Cacti, Wire Shark, Network Instruments Observer, SNMP, security, VPN, firewall, Internetworking, Enterprise, Telecommunications, Visio, DNS, bind, gated, Unix, Cisco Call Manages, Unity 4 Cisco IP Communicator.0x, IP Telephony Gateways (SRST), Wireless Voice, for Enterprise, Large Scale IP telephony projects
Operating Systems: Windows 7, XP, 9x, NT, 2000, Vista, MS-DOS, Linux, Computer Languages: C, HTML, Java, Storage: EMC Networker Tape/Disk Backup systems, Telecom: CISCO IP Phone (Call Manager) AVAYA Phone system, Avaya . Admin Tool, Punched PBX phone lines,Customer Relationship Software: Magic, People Soft –Vantive, Remedy, TCMS,Monitoring Tools: Nortel Networks Optivity, HP Open View,
Education:
Boston University: Cisco CCNA Certification -March/2008
Wentworth Institute of Technology, Boston, MA, BSEE 5/1988
CISCO Call Manager Certification 2012
DELL Certifications 01/2013: Dell Premier Access Certification Dimension ™ Desktop Certification, Optiplex Desktop Certificatio
Lowell Institute of Technology, Boston, MA 2003
A+ Certification
NETWORK+ Certification
MCP Microsoft Certification (XP PRO 70-270) 03/2006
Professional Experience:
Wilmer Hale –Boston, Ma (www.wilmerhale.com)
NOC / IT Engineer – June 2017 – Present
Responsible for monitoring, alerting, and escalating issues in the NOC/SOC environment using SolarWinds, Fire Eye, and SecureWorks. cybersecurity tools, Worked primarily in windows and Linux shop, 1000+ servers, Used MS SCOM to monitor servers/environment, Also, did support for Cisco VOIP (Call Manager / Unity) Cisco Switches and Routers, Used incident management “Avios” (Assyst). Experienced running network, server security Patches and updates on a daily basis. Did support for Fire Eye and SecureWorks., DNS Record Infoblox, Aruba RAP-3 Device, EMC AppSync, WebSphere. Dell Open Manage Array Manager and Server Administrator. Self-starter, with a demonstrated ability to learn beyond formal training with a strong aptitude for delivering quality products. Demonstrate ability to work with minimal direct supervision. Skills and experience in working independently, determining methods and procedures on new assignments. Skills and experience dealing with high pressure situations and quick changing circumstances, retail
FUZE, Inc. Title: Network Engineer Boston, Ma. 08/2014 -06/2017
Worked as a member of Network Engineering team of a fast-growing, enterprise-focused Unified Communications as a Service (UCaaS) provider. Performed as Network Support Analysts for the Carrier Relations responsible for managing technical aspects of Fuze interfaces to the public telephone network and associated matters, including technical and financial analysis, solution engineering, technical implementation, documentation and follow-on support. In this role, I was working directly with our telecommunication carrier partners as well as our internal engineers and support professionals to deliver the highest quality service that will scale with the rapid growth of our customer base. As a Network Engineer, I was instrumental to the reliability and growth of our business and therefore I could clearly articulate technology and business issues to multiple external, manage technical aspects of telecom carrier relations for the company Which include Deliver Level 2 LAN/WAN support - Wide Area Routing and Local Area Switching troubleshooting: Provided daily troubleshooting support for Routing and Switching Services for global infrastructure. Communicated technical requirements both verbally and in written form, performed research, technical analysis, Worked and assigned tickets to determine the point of failure and resolve problems remotely utilizing available tools and other Operation Center resources. Worked & escaladed problems effectively to meet customer SLA's (service level agreements) Drive projects to completion by demonstrating superior vendor management and negotiation skills, Demonstrate proven ability to collaborate with teammates to ensure organizational objectives are met, Maintain a high level of accuracy on all assigned tasks,Use superior follow-up skills to keep projects moving forward and to resolve problems,Operational experience with SIP and RTP protocols., Operational experience with Open SIPS and Asterisk IP pbx and VOIP gateways,Operational experience with network monitoring tools (Wireshark),Enjoyed the field of telecommunications and is interested in growing their knowledge in the field through practical experience, self-study, collaboration and training

AKAMAI, Inc., Cambridge, MA 12/2009 – 07/2014, Network /NOC Engineer
Responsible for performing troubleshooting and monitoring on the Akamai deployed networks. Monitored deployed production LINUX and Windows base Platform network servers. Also, did monitoring and responding to AMS (Alert Monitoring System) Served as primary escalation point within the Network Operations Center in identifying, troubleshooting, and resolving network problems, Perform system administration for the Akamai deployed network. Assisted Senior Engineer with software installations to the network, Provided training to lower-level staff. Responded to e-mails from network partners, ISPs, and internal Akamai groups. Document all network-related activities in Siebel ticketing system
Assisted in creation of and enforcement of Change Control Management policy for the NOC organization Responsible to install and test a variety of UNIX, Linux, and Windows 2003 OS platforms, On HP ProLiant servers to test HP Drives for comp ability and reliability. Installed different version of Linux Like GUI-Based SuSE Linux Enterprise Server 7 and Software and Drivers - downloaded Driver Diskette for HP 6-Port SATA RAID Controller (x86) For Red Hat Enterprise Linux 4 x86. Managed 3rd party support and services (consultants, vendors, service providers) Maintenance & Administration on major switch platform. Excellent interpersonal skills, able to work in a team environment strong planning and Organizational skills Monitored HFC network, LAN City head end modems, frame relay), Cisco routers, hubs and switches, HTTP, FTP, SMTP, POP3, servers for broadband product, Handled frame relay circuit outages with circuit provider and LEC, Engaged internal support for both LAN and server issues, (NT, Exchange, Terminal Servers, and Billing Systems), Utilized monitoring tools such as, HP Open View, Analyzed Remedy ticket data through Statistical process control (SPC)
Presented SPC data on MTTR NOC performance highlighting key outages to prevent and minimize future outages on the network. Assisted in creation of and enforcement of Change Control Management policy for the IT organization Installed, configured and supported combined IP Dial/Pad RAS using ascend max price graph net host master processing address space requests for graph net and its customers
IBasis Inc., Burlington, Ma VOIP Engineer 10/2006 -08/2008
As a member of IBasis network engineering team did supporting for large-scale enterprise voice infrastructure, with strong sense of commitment, and highly business oriented and skilled at delivering robust voice network solutions. Collaborate with peers who have similar responsibilities for the entire corporate network to ensure consistent voice network services for the business that contribute to the overall network architecture by ensuring a consistent standardization of voice services. A seasoned voice network engineer, who is comfortable operating at all levels of the organization, communicates effectively with both business and technical audiences and who can effectively balance priorities to optimize resources and exceed design targets. Key Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Expert level knowledge of voice network hardware and software, topologies and protocols. Expert knowledge of Cisco and Adtran VoIP infrastructure. Strong experience in Automatic Call Distribution (ACD) and large scale Interactive Voice Response (IVR) systems. In-depth experience with selection, design, implementation and support of enterprise voice network systems and diagnostic tools. Strong analytical ability, judgment and problem analysis techniques. Excellent organizational, project management and troubleshooting skills with attention to detail. Strong ability to understand client expectations and to resolve issues that may affect delivery. Strong written and verbal communication skills with the ability to communicate technical proposals to management. Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to work effectively in a matrixed organization. Strong ability to mentor, coach and train lower level engineers. Self-starter, with a demonstrated ability to learn beyond formal training with a strong aptitude for delivering quality products. Demonstrate ability to work with minimal direct supervision. Skills and experience in working independently, determining methods and procedures on new assignments. Skills and experience dealing with high pressure situations and quick changing circumstances, retail
Nortel Networks, Billerica, MA May-1994 –May 2006, NOC Engineer (FT Perm)
Responsible for frontline network monitoring of a Nationwide 250+ Nortel router network,Phone support of global IP/Internet with “Nortel Networks” products, Centillion Switches 5000 BH Platforms, Nortel Ethernet Switches, Baystack 301, Layer 3 switches, Passport including design and fault isolation Monitored HFC network, LAN City head end modems, (X.25, frame relay), Cisco routers, Bay Networks hubs and switches, HTTP, FTP, SMTP, POP3 and other back-end servers for broadband product, Handled frame relay circuit outages with circuit provider and LEC, Engaged internal support for both LAN and server issues (NT, Exchange, Terminal Servers, and Billing Systems) Utilized monitoring tools such as, HP Open View, Netrix and Optivity (Nortel Networks Monitoring Tool) Support and Change Control Coordinator Analyzed Remedy ticket data through statistical process control (SPC)•Created reports of SPC data with Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint Presented SPC data on MTTR NOC performance highlighting key outages to prevent and minimize future outages on the network Installed, configured and supported combined IP Dial/Pad RAS using ascend max price graph net host master processing address space requests for graph net and its customers
Contact this candidate