ED SHILINSKY SENIOR NETWORK ENGINEER
Ed Shilinsky
Merchantville, NJ 08109
856-***-****
ad4pjk@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/edsprofile
SUMMARY
Senior Network Engineer who is highly skilled at managing daily operations and project implementations in the Data Center and Remote Branches of a Global Enterprise Network. Expertise is in Cisco Route/Switch environments. Exceptional experience with WAN Engineering, Client onboarding, Data Center migrations and end of life refresh projects. Highly organized in developing standards and documentation of Global Enterprise Network Infrastructure.
· Extremely capable of driving projects through completion as an individual contributor.
· Emphasis on a customer-centric approach complemented by effective communication skills.
· Adept at process improvement and managing Vendor relationships.
· Collaborative work ethic focusing on team building.
· Veteran of the Armed Forces Intelligence community. QUALIFICATIONS
Function Years Function Years
Network Implementation 15 Network Operations 15
Engineering 10 Project Management 10
Vendor Management 10 Telephony/VoIP 7
Workflow Management 5 Network Design 5
NOC 3 Sales Engineering 2
HARDWARE /SOFTWARE/PROTOCOLS
· Cisco routers ASRs 100x, ISRs, CSRs, and 8300s
· Cisco switches 9200s, Nexus 9K and 7K, 6500 and 4500s
· Firewalls Cisco ASAs, FTD and FMC training
· SDN – Cisco ACI training and Cisco SD-WAN training
· Routing protocols BGP, EIGRP, DMVPN, and VPLS
· Network protocols Ethernet, TCP/IP, SNMP, VLANs, HSRP, and Ether-channel
· Solar Winds, HP OpenView, JIRA, Remedy, and LANDesk WORK EXPERIENCE
Global Payments, Moorestown, NJ 11/2022 to 03/2024 Senior Network Engineer
Global Payments Inc. is a provider of payment technology services. It serves customers from various sectors, financial institutions, government, retail, hospitality, and restaurants, and operates in the Americas, Europe, and Asia-Pacific. My daily objective as a Senior Network Engineer was to maintain the availability, reliability, and performance of the Enterprise Network Infrastructure.
MPLS experience in a large-scale complex Enterprise Network environment.
Managed circuit delivery and assisted in the deployment of a new Branch office in LATAM.
Network sponsor of Organizational project to open transport to Carbon Black Cloud.
Contributor in the design and implementation of Enterprise IP Network Infrastructure.
Respond to and troubleshoot network issues and outages.
Monitor the network for fine-tuning and optimization.
Consulted LATAM and European associates supporting Network Infrastructure requests. ED SHILINSKY NETWORK ENGINEER
WORK EXPERIENCE
Fiserv, Remote NJ 02/2018 to 11/2022
Network Engineer 3
Fiserv, a Global Fintech company, provides electronic payments and commerce-enabling technology to financial institutions, corporate clients, small businesses, and consumers. Technology Services Engineering team member meeting the objective to design and develop solutions that meet capacity demands and deliver reliable services to Fiserv business units and its clients.
WAN Zone refresh projects – implement EOL migrations in multi-million-dollar Data Centers.
Client Onboarding – lead Client integration life cycles in Half-Managed zones.
MPLS Networks – manage Data Center traffic flows and route filtering.
Discovery and Analysis - Helped develop migration, testing, and back out plans.
Pre-Migration – stage hardware deployment configurations and update documentation.
Migration – Move traffic flows to new WAN Aggregation Switches and Firewalls.
Operational Readiness - Validate test results and update operational procedures. WORK EXPERIENCE
Comcast, Mount Laurel, NJ 08/2017 to 02/2018
Engineer 2, Engineering Operations
Provided solutions to operational issues and maintenance of designated areas of Engineering. Support Reliability Engineering teams on Application and Network Architecture services. Act in compliance with Company and Industry standards.
Lead technical outage bridges/engage appropriate resources to drive issues to closure.
Analyze data and metrics, identify problem areas, and provide actionable insight.
Ensure adherence to Regulatory Compliance a critical priority subject to fines.
Interoperability and interconnection testing in the Production environment.
Track and report operational workflows and maintain records of results and feedback.
Ability to be well-organized in a highly volatile environment and work changing priorities. WORK EXPERIENCE
Exelon Corporation (PECO), Philadelphia, PA 06/2016 to 02/2017 Network Administrator IV (Contractor)
Engineering and Architecture team partner implementing new network technologies, configuring routers and switches, and assisting with refresh projects for the nation's leading competitive energy provider with one of the largest electricity generation portfolios and retail customer bases in the country.
Provide high value through deep engagement in the requirements, design, implementation, and optimization of network services for overall business and infrastructure needs.
Review designs for Corporate LAN/WAN and the PECO Smart Grid Network integration.
Engage Operations support teams with Installation plans to support business requirements.
Lead network projects and deployments ensuring solutions meet business requirements.
Provide upper-tier NOC support resolving network operational and maintenance issues.
Process Control and Compliance Programs experience, NERC CIP, and JIRA. ED SHILINSKY NETWORK ENGINEER
WORK EXPERIENCE
Hill International Inc., Philadelphia, PA 08/2014 to 03/2016 Senior Network Analyst
Reporting into the Director Network Services and collaborating with a Global team of peers provided advanced-level network support, implementation, documentation, and troubleshooting with focus on network access connectivity, VoIP, and Unified Communications. Present product recommendations and configurations. Resolved network problems through research, network installation, and customization. Provided network administration and network management support. Implemented network access switch configurations and resolved LAN/WAN networking issues.
· Design and configuration of network and VoIP infrastructure.
· Software deployment and maintenance including code upgrades and security patches.
· Collaborated with vendors, auditors, and Information Security teams ensuring adherence to security policy integration in all network connectivity activities.
· Participate in architectural and design reviews.
· Make recommendations on network infrastructure projects.
· Provide high-level escalation for network outages and troubleshooting. WORK EXPERIENCE
Penn Mutual Life Insurance Company, Horsham, PA 12/2012 to 07/2014 Senior Network Analyst
Provided centralized operational support, administration, installation, and maintenance of Enterprise- wide Networks and Infrastructure. Performed system health-checks and maintained optimal performance levels of network resources. Served as second-level support in response to trouble issues and mentored level one technicians. Developed and maintained vendor relationships in support of enterprise LAN, WAN, Wireless, and Network Access Control technologies.
· Implemented network security hardening with 802.1X authentication on the enterprise LAN.
· Managed the corporate policy appliance in support of Network Access Control.
· Supported and maintained WAN migration to cloud managed services.
· Responsible for the overall performance and availability of the network.
· Developed and implemented a quarterly password update schedule for Field Office Wireless.
· Established detailed network Infrastructure documentation. MILITARY EXPERIENCE/TRAINING
United States Navy, Pensacola, FL
Cryptology Technical Certification
EDUCATION/CERTIFICATION
Camden County College, Camden, NJ
Completed thirty-six credits towards an Associates Degre in Liberal Arts College of Alameda, Alameda, CA
Computer Information Systems Certificate
Contact this candidate