.
Dallas, TX *****
440-***-****
ad4rha@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ani
fa-hussian-776357301
SUMMARY
Experienced Soc Analyst with
expertise in analyzing and
mitigating security threats.
Proficient in monitoring network
traffic, conducting Threat Hunting
and responding to incidents. Skilled
in using SIEM tools, threat
intelligence platforms, and incident
response techniques. Seeking a
position as a Soc Analyst to
contribute to the company's
cybersecurity initiatives and ensure
the protection of critical assets and
data.Skilled in managing Security
operations, configuration and
executing company-wide infra
structure and data protection
SKILLS
CyberSecurity
Cryptography
Dark Web Monitoring
Sientel
Intrusion Detection
Networking Concepts
Phishing Analysis
Microsoft 365 suite
Python Programming
Anifa Noorjahan
EXPERIENCE
June 2023 - Current
SOC Analyst At Cloud Resources
Monitoring and Analysis:Continuously monitor security events and alerts from various tools.Analyze these events to detect potential security incidents or anomalies. Incident Response:Respond promptly to security incidents, breaches, or cyber attacks.Investigate root causes, contain impacts, and implement remediation measures. Threat Detection and Hunting:Proactively search for signs of advanced threats or malicious activity.Conduct thorough investigations and analyze indicators of compromise. Vulnerability Management:Participate in vulnerability assessment and patch management activities.Prioritize vulnerabilities and ensure timely patching or mitigation measures. Documentation, Reporting, and Improvement:Document security incidents and
investigations.Prepare detailed incident reports and provide updates to management.Stay updated on security trends, technologies, and best practices for continuous improvement.Participating in threat hunting activities across Windows, Linux, and network systems. Client: Nokia Networks,Bangalore Sept 2018 - Nov 2020 Network Engineer
Proactively monitor, investigate, and mitigate security incidents, leveraging Azure Sentinel (SIEM Tool) for threat hunting and analysis of security event data from the network. Conducted thorough investigations on malicious phishing emails, domains, and IPs, utilizing Open-Source tools to recommend effective blocking strategiesProviding daily, weekly and monthly reports of incident activity and able to apply analytical concepts for solving complex problems. Employed effective communication skills to collaborate with stakeholders, including IT teams, management, and external vendors, ensuring timely and accurate sharing of security incident findings and recommendations. Utilized threat intelligence tools to detect and respond to potential cyber threats, ensuring proactive security measures
Client: Ericsson Global Services-Bangalore - Mar 2014 - Aug 2018
Network Engineer
Monitor events, Log analysis and Investigate incident a daily basis.
24X7 monitoring the customer network using ArcSight, Securonix and Splunk SIEM Tool.
Act as a first level (L-1) support for all Security related Issues and regular health checks monitoring, and reporting.
Analyzing Real-time security incidents and checking whether its true positive or false positive
Performing Real-Time Monitoring, Investigation, Analysis, Reporting
.
Penetration Testing
Splunk
Threat Hunting
Vulnerability
Azure/Entra
and Escalations of Security Events from Multiple log sources.
Raising true positive incidents to the respective team for further Escalate issues as per the escalation matrix to the operation heads or senior authorities for faster and better resolution.
Co-ordinate with networking teams to maintain and establish communication to remote Connectors. Investigate malicious phishing emails, domains, and IPs using Open-Source tools and recommend proper blocking based on analysis.
Doing the troubleshooting if any device is not sending the logs to the SIEM platform. Creation of SIEM content like Rules, Query, Report, Dashboards etc.
EDUCATION AND TRAINING
May 2023
Master of Science Computer Engineering Technology Eastern Illinois University, Charleston, IL
LANGUAGES
English:
Full Professional
Urdu:
Native/ Bilingual
Hindi:
Full Professional
.
Contact this candidate