Steven Wernli
ad4wuv@r.postjobfree.com 719-***-****
Senior Information Technology Support Engineer / Python Instruction / Senior Storage Engineer / Network Engineer. Looking to make a valued contribution to an organization. I appreciate a challenge and look forward to solving difficult problems in an efficient manner.

Professional Experience

Best Gift Shop 09/2023 to 11/2023
Received and delivered packages for the Best Gift shop corporation. Logged data into web page and received instructions on treatments for items. Excelled at remote job administration. Learned how to make the most of the situation.

Self-Study 09/2018 to 11/2023.
Studied Artificial Intelligence, training sets, scaled release paradigms.
Attended University of Colorado at Denver. Coursework in Cybersecurity Certification.
Studied Python at Galvanize with excellent results (class valedictorian).
Continued study of networking, git repositories, and hardware/software firewalls for cybersecurity.
Noted by Intel, Ford Motor Company, and Marvell for 30% security system efficiency improvements.
Continued study of Python, Python applications, and advanced engineering topics. Continued study of advanced storage solutions. Applications include security, networking, and storage for a 10% application improvement.

Marvell Semiconductor Inc., Colorado Springs, CO and Longmont, CO 11/2006 to 01/2014
Sr IT Engineer
Led low latency file access, for Linux and Windows Clients. A precursor to AI.
Storage Evaluation Team Member for NAS and SAN. Team and lead Remote Sites Storage Team. Worked with multiple sites on File Server projects. Managed 120 File Servers with over 2 Petabytes of storage at 20 Global Sites. Managed NetApp Data on Tap v7. v8, v9, and v10 installation and tools. With a 25% storage growth per annum, Storage expenditures are critical to corporate bottom lines.
Recognized as Network Appliance expert by both Windows and UNIX teams. Mentored and assisted with file server installation world-wide. Produced Marvell small site server standards, Data on Tap upgrade and configuration standards, which were accepted by Marlborough MA, Nashua NH, Austin TX, and Chandler AZ. File service was paramount to production and research schedules. Limiting downtime (.99999%) and storage availability (.985%).
Accomplishments

Linux clients and servers. Services included NIS, DNS, NFS and print services.
Clients configured with CF Engine, Ghost, and Acronis.
Windows VMWare installation and consolidation onto a single server computer. A 400% improvement. Managed print servers and Open Directory instances and servers.
Guest of Network Appliance at NetApp Council: Monitored NetApp Snap Vault backup operations for enterprise storage efficiency and validation. Managed and monitored NetApp Snap Mirror file replication operations. Analyzed Network Appliance Flex Cache and Flex Pod to enable low latency file access critical to worldwide design teams.
Transitioned copper-based WAN to a fiber-based WAN. Monitored WAN and LAN with MRTG, Cacti, and SolarWinds. Device configuration with command line interface or graphical user interface.

Intel Corp., Colorado Springs, CO 06/2001 to 11/2006
Sr IT Engineer
IT site manager of the Colorado Springs WCCG (Wireless Communications and Components Group). Transitioned group and facility to Intel standards. Provided “Day One” connectivity – an Intel record. The new Intel site included HP-UX/Linux computer servers and Solaris tools. Managed two hundred Terabytes of Network Appliance disk space.
Accomplishments
Managed the consolidation of two Colorado Springs buildings with no impact to business unit. Coordinated 30+ team members and kept track of the project plan. Moved equipment, met with WAN providers and LAN wiring contractors. Consulted with local building team and Intel Real Estate to successfully move an office of 85 employees one time and 10 employees the next.
Co leader of NetAppSET team which was responsible for Network Appliance File Servers. Produced tools and scripts to monitor file servers and analyze problems. Owner of the first NFS cluster at Intel and helped with the transition from the Andrew File System (AFS) to a Global File System (GFS) solution. Lead efforts to secure and maintain file service for Intel world-wide.

Ford Inc. Colorado Springs, CO 05/1991 to 06/2001
Sr Computer Aided Design (CAD) Engineer
Preformed system administration and networking for a SunOS/Solaris based network. During this time storage grew from a one hundred Megabyte server to a two hundred Gigabytes NAS. Worked with seventy-five engineers that produced all custom ICs for the Ford Motor company.
Major Projects
Client computers changed from servers with VT-100 terminals to UNIX workstations to desktop personal computers. Networks transitioned from thin-net to 1000Base-T. Installed TCP/IP network and provided internet and email connectivity.

Education
University of Colorado at Colorado Springs, Bachelor of Science, Electrical Engineering. Graduated with special honors.
Contact this candidate