PATRICK JOEMEL GARCIA
Mississauga Ontario +1-416-***-**** ad4x1v@r.postjobfree.com

Results-driven Network Engineer adept at designing, implementing, and optimizing complex networking infrastructures to deliver superior connectivity and performance. Proven track record in process automation, leveraging scripting and programming skills to streamline operations and enhance efficiency. Skilled in troubleshooting, configuring and maintaining network systems to ensure seamless operations. Committed to staying updated with emerging technologies to drive continuous improvement and deliver innovative solutions.

SKILLS

Network Design and Implementation
Configuration Management Tools (Ansible, Cisco DNA)
Routing and Switching Protocols (OSPF, BGP, VLAN, TCP/IP
Network Troubleshooting and Diagnostics
ARP, etc)
Wireless Networking (Wi-Fi, WPA2, 802.11 standards)
Network Security (FMC, FTD, ISE, IDS/IPS)
Load Balancing Technologies (Citrix NetScaler, Riverbed)
LAN/WAN Configuration and Optimization Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity Planning
Network Monitoring and Analysis Tools (Wireshark, ITIL Framework Implementation
Splunk, SolarWinds, CA Spectrum)
Time Management and Prioritization
Cloud Networking (Azure)
Customer Service Focus
Cisco Networking Equipment (Routers, Switches)
Problem-solving Orientation
Scripting and Automation (Python, Bash, VBA, RPA)
Analytical Thinking

WORK HISTORY

Senior Network Consultant Singapore Telecommunications Ltd Singapore
09/2022 – 01/2024

Digitalization Champion for FY23Q3 and FY24Q1 – automation and innovation initiatives on commercial delivery team that consists of 500+ members.
Built out relationships with key stakeholders and troubleshoot 100% of network problems.
Documented detailed network installation and maintenance processes, reducing onboarding time for new network engineers by 30% and ensuring seamless knowledge transfer within the team.
Installed new software and upgraded firmware using Cisco DNA. Improved efficiency by 80% and minimized downtime to production.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to plan and execute network expansion projects.
Analyzed vulnerability scan results to prioritize remediation efforts based on risk severity and potential impact on business operations.
Provided technical support and guidance to end-users and IT support staff, consisting of 100+ members.
Engineered Ansible system to access devices via SSH and audit configurations, significantly reducing manual efforts by 80% and enhancing deployment speed by 90%.
Successfully deployed a comprehensive array of security measures, including the establishment of whitelisting and firewall rules on a weekly basis, resulting in enhanced protection and risk mitigation.
Facilitated daily team huddles involving 10 members to address pivotal incidents and internal changes, fostering effective communication and collaboration.

Systems and Network Engineer Persolkelly Singapore Pte Ltd Singapore
07/2020 – 09/2022

Received appreciation from client that left an indelible mark on our automation domain, under network team that consists of over 30 members.
Define and execute maintenance plans as part of preventive strategy for the stability and reliability of network infrastructure.
Maximizing network performance by monitoring performance, troubleshooting network problems and outages, scheduling upgrades, and collaborating with other stakeholders on network optimization.
Provide technical support and assistance to end-users and colleagues, resolving system and network-related issues.
Built script that runs monthly, to retrieve and scrape information in Remedy ticketing tool, that saved 1-to-2-man days per month.

Associate Consultant (Network) NCS Pte. Ltd Singapore
07/2015 – 06/2020

Ensure that teams adhere to documented processes for issue resolution by upholding production support protocols.
Configure and troubleshoot voice over IP (VoIP) systems, including routers, switches, gateways, and call managers.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to integrate voice systems with other IT infrastructure components of a bank.
Authored knowledge base (KB) and standard operating procedures (SOP) for NOC’s initial triage, resulting in 80% improvement in efficiency.
Saved at least 40 manhours per week by automating Cisco IP phone voice requests (Cisco CUCM / Unity).
Created an automation script that responds and resolves false alerts, achieving a 99.99% SLA compliance rate.

Senior Network Specialist Talense Pte. Ltd Singapore
11/2010 – 07/2015

Proactive monitoring of routers, switches, and load balancers, ensuring uninterrupted bank business operations.
Provide technical leadership and mentorship to junior network specialists, fostering a collaborative and knowledge-sharing environment.
Escalate and engagement to level 2 engineers for further troubleshooting to provide expert input.

EDUCATION

MAY 2005 Bachelor of Science in Computer Science STI College Philippines

CERTIFICATIONS

Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA)
Microsoft Azure Fundamentals
Huawei Certified ICT Associate
ITIL Foundation
Yellow Belt Lean Six Sigma
Contact this candidate