Jonathan “Bret“ Hendon
Network Engineer
I am a Network Engineer with over 15 years of experience in infrastructure, including 7 years at Tennessee Valley Authority as the lead Engineer on multiple deployments.
I have hands-on experience with routing protocols, Meraki, VLAN infrastructure, Spanning Tree Protocols, Firewalls, and VoIP.
I am highly detail-oriented and have excellent interpersonal and communication skills.
I am self-motivated, constantly reading, watching, and studying technological innovations to stay ahead.

Technology

Routing Protocols: BGP, EIGRP, OSPF
VLAN infrastructure and Broadcast control
Meraki Environment: SD-WAN, Wireless, Corporate/Branch
Meraki MX Series (400, 100, 60, AzureVMX)
Azure Networking: Routing, P2P VPN Gateway, NSGs, VNet, Load Balancers
AWS Networking: Routing, Gateways, VPN
Spanning Tree Topologies: 802.1w, 802.1s, STP, RSTP, PVRST, PVRST+
802.1q, VTP, EtherChannel/Port channel/VPCs, and Port-Security
Packet decode Analysis using Wireshark
Firewalls: WatchGuard, Cisco, Barracuda, Meraki MX
Firewall and trust boundary solution design (Barracuda and Cisco ASA)
Router/L3 Architecture Design, Configuration and Operation
Large Environment WAN (MPLS and Long-haul PPP) design and support
Cisco ASR 1000 Series, 3900 Series, 2900 Series, 3800 Series, 2800 Series Routers
Cisco 6500 Series (as L3 Core VSS)
Cisco 4500 Series (as L3 HSRP/VSS Core/Distribution and L2 Access)
Cisco 3750E and 2960XR (as L3 Core and L2 Access)
Cisco 3850, 3560C, 2960S, 2960X, 2960Plus, 2960C, 2960E (as L2 Access only)
Cisco Nexus 7K, 5K, 3K, 2K
Switched Architecture Design, Configuration and Operation
Network Performance Monitoring and TCP/IP Analysis
Solar Winds TFTP and IP Address Tracker
IPv4 Address Management (IP Address space management)
Infoblox IP Address Management Solution
High-availability (HA) Network Design (VPCs and/or layer redundancy using multiple devices within a functional layer and fault tolerant gateways i.e., HSRP and VRRP)
Other Technologies – TACACS, Traffic, and Access ACL definition and implementation, QoS, Cisco Wireless, IDS/IPS, and NAT Translation
3rd Party Vendor and 3rd Party B2B project POC for assigned zones.
Creation and Publishing of Proposal, Solution, and Reference Arch Documentation
System and Hardware Platform Lifecycle Management – standard model definition
Datacenter, Environment, Branch, and Small Office Design, standardization, and Implementation
VoIP – Cisco, Avaya, RingCentral

Experience
Check into Cash 03/2020 – 04/2024
Cisco Network Engineer (Route / Switch / Wireless – Arch) / Cisco Engineer
Engineer on multiple deployments. Responsibilities include coordinating with personnel for outage windows, working with vendors to purchase network equipment according to design, and being the point of contact for vendors of specialized equipment.
Serve as the escalation point for any issues involving Data Center and Network connectivity.
Define and implement architecture as well as operational standards.
Document reference wired and wireless network architecture.
Create new and keep up-to-date documentation for basic and advanced operating procedures, troubleshooting, and known issue resolutions.
Acts as a point resource for enterprise network problem identification, isolation, troubleshooting, and resolution.
Monitor, analyze, and make recommendations for performance improvement.
Projects:
Network Core Refresh (3750x to Nexus)
Firewall Upgrade (Cisco ASA to Barracuda)
Meraki SD-WAN Failover
Meraki Client VPN Covid-19 Rollout
Meraki MX for Work from Home
VoIP Phone Rollout
Azure Routing
Move Azure VPN to Virtual Barracuda TINA Tunnel
Store network maintenance.
Site relocation projects (Equipment, Cabling, Access Control, Phone/Data service, Expeditor)

Chattanooga Heart Institute 10/2018 – 2020
Cisco Network Engineer (Route / Switch / Wireless – Arch) / Cisco Engineer
Engineer on multiple deployments. Responsibilities include coordinating with personnel for outage windows, working with vendors to purchase network equipment according to design, and being the point of contact for vendors of specialized equipment.
The wireless engineer's role responsibilities consisted of maintaining the current wireless network.
Serve as the escalation point for any issues involving Data Center and Network connectivity.
Define and implement architecture as well as operational standards.
Document reference wired and wireless network architecture.
Create new and keep up-to-date documentation for basic and advanced operating procedures, troubleshooting, and known issue resolutions.
Acts as a point resource for enterprise network problem identification, isolation, troubleshooting, and resolution.
Monitor, analyze, and make recommendations for performance improvement.
Projects:
Data Center Remodel
Data Center FirePower and Cisco 9500 Upgrade
Edge Cisco 9300 Upgrade
Implemented Cisco DNA Center
Wireless Cisco WLC5520 and AP4800 Upgrade
Site relocation projects (Equipment, Cabling, Access Control, IP Cameras, Phone/Data service, Expeditor)
Commscope iPatch copper and fiber cabling projects
POS cabling and installation payment center rollout
APC StruxureWare UPS and IP camera data center monitoring installation.
Milestone Xprotect and 360 IP camera installation.

Pilot Flying J 08/2016 – 08/2018
Cisco Network Engineer (Route / Switch / Wireless – Arch) / Cisco Meraki Engineer
Engineer on multiple deployments. Responsibilities include coordinating with site personnel for outage windows, working with vendors to purchase network equipment according to design, and being the point of contact for vendors of specialized equipment.
The wireless engineer's role responsibilities consisted of creating a proposed wireless design using construction drawing and AirMagnet software, as well as a cutover plan, for review and approval before implementation is approved.
Serve as tier (highest operational tier) escalation point for NOC and Help desk tiers.
Wireless team for Meraki upgrades and guest Wi-Fi rollout on a per-site basics
Define and implement architecture as well as operational standards.
Document reference wired and wireless network architecture.
Acts as a point resource for enterprise network problem identification, isolation, troubleshooting, and resolution.
Monitor, analyze, and make recommendations for performance improvement (Ex. Bandwidth and Service Quality)
Enterprise consists of over 800+ US locations with several Canadian and European locations.
Projects:
Meraki Guest Wi-Fi remediation for Pilot and Flying J Travel Center locations
Speedway takeover network implementation project
Implemented measures to prevent Rogue switches and hubs.
Implemented Rogue Wi-Fi detection using Cisco Prime Infrastructure

Tennessee Valley Authority 08/2009 – 08/2016
SME NAC/ Cisco Network Engineer (Route / Switch – Arch)
Network Engineer and Architect for Network Infrastructure Re-Architecture Project (Lan Refresh) for TVA Enterprise Infrastructure Engineering group.
Lead Engineer on multiple deployments. Responsibilities included managing several different IT-specific teams, coordinating with site personnel for outage windows, working with vendors to purchase network equipment according to design, and being the point of contact for vendors of specialized equipment.
The Technical Engineer's role responsibilities consisted of creating proposed network drawings, cutover plans, IPv4 address layouts, per-device IP addressing, and router/core/edge config scripts for review and approval before implementation was approved.
Coordinate purchasing discounts with equipment VARs.
SME for Cisco Route/Switch related technologies.
Serve as 4th tier (highest operational tier) escalation point for lower tiers.
Manage/lead team for network upgrades and 10.x.x.x IP rollout on a per-site basis.
Define and implement architecture as well as operational standards.
Document reference network architecture.
Acts as a point resource for enterprise network problem identification, isolation, troubleshooting, and resolution.
Monitor, analyze, and make recommendations for performance improvement (Ex. Bandwidth and Service Quality)
Enterprise consists of over 245 routers 1100 network L2 and L3 devices spread over 126 locations.
Projects:
Network Infrastructure Re-Architecture Project (Lan Refresh) for TVA Enterprise Infrastructure Engineering group.
Worked with other members of management and architecture to develop enterprise engineering documentation standards that are currently in use today.
Datacenter redesign (Nexus 7K, 5K, 2K Solution)
Datacenter redesign architecture standards
Created equipment standards list for Cisco and APC technologies.
Implemented approximately 28 networks per switch for sites of varying size and complexity.
Migrated all sites to new 10.x.x.x IP addressing scheme.
Awards:
IT Team of the Year Award 2012
W@W (Winning at Work) for implementing a new purchasing strategy between our Cisco VAR and Cisco to take advantage of end-of-year pricing discounts, resulting in $250K per year project savings.
W@W (Winning at Work) for performance on implementing a new network on the recent Magnolia acquisition.
W@W (Winning at Work) for creating a new design review process (EDP/EDR) for IT projects.

Omnicare 05/2009 – 07/2009
Systems Engineer Consultant

Support client IT group with technology-related projects and resource allocation.
oUpgrade all user PCs to Windows XP from Windows 2000
oUpgrade all user PCs from legacy hardware to new Dell machines.
oBackup all user and server data for transition to new hardware
Provide clients with first, second, and third-tier support for managed desktop technologies.
oDay-to-day systems support and maintenance items.
oProvide support for server hardware and software.
oProvide support for managed desktop environment.
Manage technology-related projects and resource allocation for IT Enterprise Research and Development / Enterprise Service and Support teams, including but not limited to:
oApplication Rollouts (enterprise)
oMigration/Upgrade Projects
BenchMark Physical Therapy 04/2008 – 05/2009
Network / Systems Consultant
Support client IT group with technology-related projects and resource allocation.
oUpgrade Citrix server.
oCitrix Thin Client rollout for all Physical Therapy Centers
oBackup all user and server data for transition to new hardware
Provide clients with first, second, and third-tier support for managed desktop technologies.
oDay-to-day systems support and maintenance items.
oProvide support for server hardware and software.
oProvide support for managed desktop environment.

Full Resume Available Upon Request
Education
Udemy.com online classes 2011 – Present

oCCNA
oCCNP
oPMP
oWireshark
oCompTIA Security+
oEC-Council CEH (Certified Ethical Hacker)
oLinux

Chattanooga State Technical College 2003 – 2006

oComputer Operations
CompTIA A+
CompTIA Server+
CompTIA Network+
oNetwork Administration classes.
CompTIA A+ (Tested out)
CompTIA Network+ (Tested out)
Networking Tech (CCNP level class)
Into to programming

Programing in C (C, C+, C++, and C#)
Microsoft Official Curriculum – WinXP MCSE
Contact this candidate