Satya Sai Sankar Siddani
Network support Engineer
Contact
D no 1-98/2, society street,
Killindalaparru, Tanuku-534211
+919*********
ad4zxo@r.postjobfree.com
Objective
To work for an organization where I can sharpen my skills, learn new technologies, contribute effectively for the fulfillment of the goals of the company and to grow in my career through my performance. Education
M.V.N Z.P.H School,
Undrajavaram
The Secondary School
Certificate,
84.60%, March 2011,
S.M.V.M Polytechnic,
Tanuku.
Diploma in Applied
Electronics &Instrumentation
72.30%, April 2011 – March
2014
Experience
(May 2014 – Aug 2017)
Technician • VENKATA SAI COMMUNICATIONS
• Fiber line maintain and fiber splicing.
• Resolving network related issues at customer site
• Installed and configured new equipment according to manufacturer specifications and industry standards
(September 2017 – March 2020)
Sr Technician • COASTAL BROADBAND ONLINE SERVICES
• Resolving the operators network related issues via call
• Working on: Sy-Rotech OLTs, D-Link, DBC Switches
• Responsibilities for developing the network.
• New network connection including Slicing, configuring routers etc.
• Attending the complaints from customers and solving the network issues
(May 2020 – Present)
Network support Engineer • VENKATA SAI INTERNET PVT L.T.D
• Service delivery and client support for technical issues.
• Maintenance FTTH GPON and EPON Networks Ensuring bandwidth delivery for the clients.
• Monitoring of Bandwidth utilization by Customer and Network
• Responsibility includes providing technical support to Enterprise customers & Retail customer
• Performed routine maintenance and upgrades to keep the network running smoothly.
• Installed and configured a new network for the branch offices, resulting in faster data transfers and improved network reliability Key Skills
MS Office.
LAN, WAN, VLAN, VLAN
Installation and
Troubleshooting.
Ubiquity Nano stations &
Power beams, Device
Configuration.
OLT-Configuration and
Troubleshooting.
Good Knowledge on Mikrotik
Router board.
COURSES
CCNA, At ZOOM Technologies
Languages
Telugu
English
DECLARATION
I declare that all the information provided above is true to the best of my knowledge
Contact this candidate