Richard Akkad
Port St. John, Florida *****
ad57cj@r.postjobfree.com
702-***-****

Objective
Achieve an expert level in the field of Information Technology and Telecommunication with emphasis on Network Design and Optimization utilizing advanced network monitoring tools.
Also furthering my knowledge in the areas of Network Security, Fiber Optic Networks, Metro Ethernet Services, Wireless networks, and all other skills that contribute to the growth and the success of my organization, as well as my professional growth and Development.

Employment

Virtual Armour LLC -Remote
Network Security Engineer II
08/2022 – 01/2024

Provided Network security and firewall solutions (Cisco, Juniper, Palo Alto)
Assist with troubleshooting network related issues.
Onboarded new devices in SolarWinds
Participated in Circuit migration project for a major Data Center client.

Versatile Communications -Remote
NOC Engineer II
04/2022 – 08/2022

Monitoring and management of Networks, Servers, and firewalls.
Assisting Professional services team with network and server upgrades
Participate in a 24X7 on-call rotation to resolve client’s after-hours outages.
Assist Tier I technicians with ticket escalations and network related issues.

Presidio Managed Services
Sr. NOC Technician
07/2017- 04/2022

- Responsible for the monitoring and management of network, datacenter, security and voice technologies.
This includes but is not limited to Cisco, VMWare, Palo Alto, Juniper, and other associated technologies.
- Provide remote hardware/software support, documentation, support logs and other related information throughout
triage process.
- Assist in monitoring and maintaining network hardware and software, analyzes and troubleshoots the logs and tracks
the nature and resolution of problems and can perform all levels of routing incident analysis.
- Interact and work directly with multiple advanced engineering groups and vendors to escalate technical issues,
- provide customer updates and drive incidents to resolution often collaborating between multiple groups.
- Interact with telecommunication, hardware and software vendors and operate on the customers’ behalf to drive
resolution of issues while providing regular progress updates
to any incident stakeholders.
- Maintain excellent communication with the Managed Services Operations Manager and supervisors on all tasks
and projects.
- Responsible for communicating with customers, peers, team and managers regarding incident, request and
Change management.
- Create and maintain good technical documentation.
- Use monitoring tools to investigate potential issues or respond to monitoring events, this includes Zenoss,
Nimsoft, and Prognosis.

CenturyLink (Lumen)
Data, Video & Voice Advice Agent III
10/2014 - 07/2017
Provide technical support for CenturyLink’s DSL & Fiber customers, including but not limited to troubleshooting and resolving connectivity, line quality issues, slow speed internet connection with various transports including but not limited to (ADSL, ADSL Bonded, VDSL and GPON) transports, Troubleshooting email access issues via webmail and third-party email clients.
Support CenturyLink Prism TV, resolving network multicast issues that cause video freezing pixilation, audio/Video sync, DVR malfunctions and all other issues that affect Prism TV streaming and quality of service.
Provide Support for Work at Home agents with communication and applications issues.
Provide advanced technical support to Tier I & II technicians in addition to field technicians.
Provision subscribers’ profiles on Calix (C7. E7, E5), Adtran (5000, 1148), Redback, ALU.
Program Calling features on Nortel (DMS-100, DMS 10), Lucent (5ESS), Genkan (DCO)

Impact Innovations
Technical Services Specialist
5/2012 - 3/2013
Henderson, NV
Performed installation and upgrades for game terminals and servers for Dingo Systems sweepstakes games, provided technical support via phone and remote access software to Dingo systems clients nationwide including but not limited to network redesign and multi-level router configuratio

CompuCom Systems (contract)
Lead Technician
1/2012 - 5/2012
Henderson, NV
Responsible for upgrading and implementing the Next Generation POS systems including the installation of Intel Modular Server for Walgreens across the Western region of the United States. Trained newly-hired technicians for the Walgreens Next Gen system conversion

Real Estate Agent
12/2002 - 6/2010
Henderson, NV
Real Estate Agent / Part Time Computer/Network Support
Sales of residential properties and vacant land in Greater Las Vegas.

National Broadcasting Company (NBC Universal)
Sr. Systems Analyst
11/1997 - 11/2002
Burbank, CA
Managed 40+ Novell Servers, including upgrade of Hardware, software, backup, and disaster recovery. Supported the Burbank NBC Studios (1500+ users) Local Area Network. Including remote access issues. Heavily involved with users' migration from Windows 3.1x to Windows NT 4.0. Assisted with e-mail system Migration from MS-Mail to MS-Exchange 5.5. Participated in the Implementation and Administration of Citrix Winframe Servers, Netscape Proxy 3.52, Compaq Insight Manager, HP Top Tools running on IIS 4. 0 server. Assisted in a migration project from Token-Ring topology to switched Fast Ethernet. Configured and Managed TIVOLI Enterprise backup System.

City of Anaheim, Anaheim (contract)
PC/Network Support Analyst
5/1997 - 11/1997
Anaheim, CA.
Provided technical support for 3000+ users on a citywide WAN consists of Novell 4.1x, Windows NT, Mainframe and AS/400 platforms connecting (Anaheim City Hall, Anaheim Police Department, Anaheim Fire Department, Public Utilities, Convention Center, and Fullerton North Court). Assisted in migrating users from win 3.1 to Windows NT 4.0(training, troubleshooting), Setup AS/400 and Mainframe terminals. Troubleshooting Network connections, CC Mail, MS-office, Word Perfect 6.1 for windows, Netscape Navigator, NS3270 mainframe Emulators

Support Systems International
Help Desk Technician
11/1996 - 4/1997
Woodland Hills, CA
As a help desk technician, provided technical support to 250 users on a Novell Netware 4.1x network, including troubleshooting workstation hardware and software malfunctions, network printing issues, home developed software, and remote access via Winframe Citrix and PCAnywhere. Assisted in the administration of the Local Area Network, from account management, disaster recovery, to LAN security. Also, was responsible for Back-up and Restore operations using ARCserve 5.01g &6. X

Certifications:
Certified Cisco Network Associate – 2002
Certified Meraki Network Associate – 2019
Juniper Network Certified Associate - 2024
Contact this candidate