LAWRENCE RAWLINGS
**** ******* ***** ** **********, DC 20011 • 202-***-**** • ad58fe@r.postjobfree.com
NETWORK ENGINEER
Telecommunications engineer with 12+ years’ network management and systems administration experience, leveraging knowledge of multiple transport technologies including DWDM, SONET/SDH, ATM, TDM, ROADM, Layer 2, DSN/DRSN and MPLS to support operations in areas of maintenance, upgrades, security, and troubleshooting.
Technically sophisticated telecommunications engineer with solid history of effective network infrastructure design, database migration and related hardware, software maintenance in multi-user environments.
Assiduously ensures system availability and business continuity for customers and clients. Conceptualizes and executes change, mitigating risk to clients and conforming to industry best practices.
Skilled technician improving process efficiency through timely problem resolution and excellent customer service while ensuring competitive costs for systems via adept negotiations and beneficial relationships with vendors.
CORE COMPETENCIES
Project Management • Data/Telephony Network Infrastructures • Test Development & Execution
Troubleshooting • Cell Tower Back Haul • Vendor Relations • User Training & Support
Disaster Recovery Planning • Team Leadership • Process Streamlining
Optical/Digital Network Installation • Optical Engineering • Inventory Management
EXPERIENCE & ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Ekinops, Rockville MD
2022–2024

Support Engineer
Assist in planning and execution of key customer engagements including demonstrations, market trials, product certification or solution evaluation of product.
Self-starter and able to manage complex assignments independently.
Support sales engineers in pre-sales activities, answering technical questions or providing technical presentations.
Execute test plans or method of procedure while documenting results – in the field or on premise.
Provide technical consultancy, Lead troubleshooting and resolution by working with support organization to address raised customer issues.
Translate customer requirements into workable solutions.
Bring observations and requirements to the R&D team for product enhancement.
Detail oriented and adhere to strict policy and procedures leading to a consistent deliverable to our customers.
Embrace the ‘feedback loop’ by engaging with various engineering teams to transform concepts, requirements and telemetry into new services and tools and processes.
Passionate about learning and adopting new technologies and ideas that enhance the day-to-day work of the team.

TSG, Verizon
8/2021 – 10/2022

Network Operations Engineer II

Identifies network changes and validates proposed changes via testing.
Manages network expansion/conversion/decommission DWDM projects of significant scope.
Reviews site audits and creates cut plans for circuit migration.
Implements circuit decoms and prepares for element decommissioning of network elements.
Rebuilt DWDM rings and systems to accurately reflect current configurations.
Partnered with other IT teams to monitor the proper operation of Network equipment.
Maintained inventory systems to ensure accurate and complete assignments.)

PCCW, Remote
2/2021 – 7/2022

Network Operations Engineer II

Identified faults within network.
Isolated faults and create solutions to repair faults.
Informed customers of status updates in a timely manner
Identifies network changes, validates proposed changes via testing.
Provided Technical Level II/III telecommunication and network support to more than 500 end-users for provider of voice and data network communications (broadband, MPLS) and managed services.

Locust, Remote
2021–2021

Network Operations Engineer II

Identified faults within network.
Isolated faults and create solutions to repair faults.
Dispatched technicians to fault locations
Reviewed OTDR traces in conjunction with other departments to me MTTR (Mean Time to Repair)
Informed customers of status updates in a timely manner
Managed heavy workload, while assisting other teammates with complex issues
Diagnosed SONET, SDH, and DWDM circuits i.e.. DS1- 100Gig circuits
Trained teammates how to more effectively time manage.
Created cost savings procedure if implemented could save 100’s of thousands a week in overtime.
Formulated a rapid response team to address high level customer escalations issues.
Managed field technicians and assisted them is fault resolution.

Teksystems, Remote
2020–2021

Migration Transport Engineer II

Identifies network changes, validates proposed changes via testing.
Manages network expansion/conversion/decommission DWDM projects of significant scope.
Migration 0f 2500 circuits
Ensure cost savings via network consolidation and equipment removal.
Reviewed Transport related MOPs for accurate scope of work and ensures needed materials and support is on site.
Reviews site audits and creates cut plans for circuit migration.
Implements circuit decoms and prepares for element decommissioning of network elements.

DATAFIELD, Remote
2018–2020

Design Transport Engineer II

Designs and implements scalable and manageable network solutions for over 2000 devices to assure performance and reliability, resulting in $100,000 cost savings in 2018.
Manages network decommission Cisco 15454 DWDM rings of significant scope.
Manages network expansion/conversion/decommission VoIP projects of significant scope.
Interfaces with Product Marketing to define and deliver new products, services, and functionality.
Identifies network changes, validates proposed changes via testing, develops/submits detailed plan, and interfaces with Voice Engineering and Operations groups to successfully implement changes on production network.
Evaluates prospective vendors and technologies through lab testing and thorough analysis.

GENESIS 10 CONTRACTOR FOR WINDSTREAM, Hudson OH
2016–2017
Network Analyst II/III

Provided Technical Level II/III telecommunication and network support to more than 500 end-users for provider of voice and data network communications (broadband, MPLS) and managed services.
Created 10 Gigabit Ethernet rings to provide protection and recovery switching for Ethernet traffic.
Collaborated in upgrading technical infrastructure, including flashware for all Cyan Z series platforms in Windstream’s network. Configured Cisco 15454 ROADM rings to meet company standards.
Utilized NOC support subsystems to produce accurate trouble tickets and activity reports.
Reviewed Transport related MOPs for accurate scope of work and ensures needed materials and support is on site.
Provided post-outage feedback and recommendations to Local Operations, Engineering and NOC.

FAHRENHEIT IT CONTRACTOR FOR ZAYO, Remote
2016–2016
MetaSolv Engineer I/III

Installed relay racks, and equipment (ADM’s, DWDM’s, Fiber panels, Splice Panels, Fuse Panel, Routers, Switches)
Corrected CLR/DLR issues i.e. equipment assignments, DWDM networks assignments, and SONET assignments.
Maintained MetaSolv / M6 database to ensure accuracy. Corrected circuits in M6 from DWDM to POTS.
Rebuilt DWDM rings and systems to accurately reflect current configurations.
Partnered with other IT teams to monitor the proper operation of Network equipment.
Maintained inventory systems to ensure accurate and complete assignments.)

TEKSYSTEMS CONTRACTOR FOR WINDSTREAM, Greenville SC
2014–2016
Engineer I/III

Served as multi-team resource for equipment and configuration for 1000+ devices. Resolved entire CLR/DLR issues i.e. equipment assignments, networks assignments, and SONET assignments.
Collaborate with network operations and customer support to ensure technologies are adequately supported.
Migrated M5 to M6, M4 to M6, and F&E to M6. Correct circuits in M6 from DWDM to POTS.
Supported Optical Engineers to develop and revise internal procedures related to processing CLRs.
Conducted fiber audits on internal FDPs to ensure MetaSolv / M6 update. Rebuilt DWDW rings and systems to accurately reflect current configurations.
Investigated Remedy tickets and solved the complex issues pertaining to the network.

SCOM CONTRACTOR FOR WINDSTREAM, Hudson OH
2012–2013
Network Analyst II/III

Monitored and analyzed network traffic for all infrastructure devices, servers, applications and end-user experience for web and non-web applications using SCOM network monitoring tools.
Diagnosed and resolved common faults according to established processes and procedures while performing inquiries with NOC personnel or other support teams regarding problem diagnosis and requests.
Provisioned Ethernet and Broadband circuits in M6.
Provided detailed reports for engineering teams to assist with the diagnosing server hardware/database along with application performance that affected the end user experience.
Reviewed Transport related MOPs to validate scope of work and ensure all materials and support are on site.

TELECOMMUNICATIONS CONSULTANT, DC
2008–2012
Freelance Consultant

Provided freelance consulting and engineering for large companies such as AIS Communications, Gold Lasso, RCG covering cabling fiber optic, data, and telephony network infrastructures.
Fostered key vendor relationships to ensure ability to meet commitments and deliver products and services. Worked with customers to ensure circuit delivery, secured new clients.
Developed circuit ID naming conventions for new telecommunication company, deployed scalable networks, installed POTs lines and DSL for commercial clients.
Led team of contractors to engineer Data Network infrastructures. Installed and provisioned ADTRAN MUX.
Designed and built Ethernet infrastructures for small business.
Mastered and leveraged ability to terminate RJ-11, RJ-45, DS1, DS3, and fiber optical cables.

LAWRENCE RAWLINGS (Continued
CORE 180, Fairfax VA
2007–2008
Operations Technician

Designed, installed, monitored and troubleshot local and wide area network including DSL, ATM, Ethernet, SONET services and equipment for leading systems integrator serving DISA, DoD, Civil and Intelligence agencies.
Tested DS-1, DS3, OC-12 network circuits. Restored downed circuits.
Monitored network and system performance using Linux commands and Lucent DMX to create, tag, pathways.
Managed all critical issues to drive to completion, including status updates and closing comments.
Pretested the full path before going live, from DS1 to OC-N
Maintained active knowledge of C, ring jumps, network maps, and routes. Played vital role in maintaining accurate knowledge base of the Digital Cross Connects.

EDUCATION
Associate Degree, Computer Systems Network Technology – Computer Learning Center, Alexandria, VA
LSS Green Belt
Infinera Certification BC102-DTN Hardware Overview
Infinera Certification BC103-DTN Theory of Operations
Infinera Certification BC104-DTN-X Hardware Overview
Infinera Certification BC105 DTN-X Theory of Operations

TECHNICAL PROFICIENCY
Certifications
Nortel Optera, NEC 2400V, NEC Spectra Wave 16, Lucent Bandwidth Manager, Cisco Cerent 15454, Laser Safety, Railroad Safety, AT&T Supplier Awareness Training, Fiber Splicer
Platforms
UNIX, Windows 95 / 98 / 00 / Vista/ Windows 7/NT 4.0, Novell Netware 4.11, MS-DOS 6.2
Software
Microsoft Office, Tcoms, Telnet 3270, NetPro, Mecca, CSM, Scopeus, ITAS 4.1, TREX, ITS 4.0, Flexr 4.1, ProComm Plus 32, LEMX, TMN, CTC, CIT, ETMS, EON, Visio, TL1, Planet Operate, Nortel Preside, Remedy, Prime Optical, Blue Planet. Granite, MSS, OSS, MetaSolv, One Control
Transport Technologies
DWDM, SONET, SDH, TDM, Layer 2, Ethernet, ROADM
Hardware
Nortel DMS 250, Nortel OC-192, Nortel OC-48, Fujitsu OC-192, Fujitsu OC-48, Alcatel 1633, Alcatel 1631, Titan 5500, Cisco 15454, Transmode, Cisco 7500 routers, Juniper router, T-Berd 224, 2310, 310 test sets, Digital Lightwave test set, Verilink and Adtran CSU/DSU, OTDR, HP Omni Berd, NEC Its- 2400V,NEC Spectra Wave 16, Hitachi 192, Nortel Optera 310*-****-**** 3500, Lucent 16&1, Lucent 400G, Lucent 800G, Lucent Bandwidth Manager, Cisco DWDM, Lucent DMX, CPT 50, Cyan Z77, Cyan Z33, Cyan Z22, Tellabs 7100 Nano, Calix C7, Nortel 6500, Huawei DWDM

OTHER ACTIVITIES & INTERESTS
Taekwondo, Arnis Golf, Tennis
Contact this candidate