Ralph Jn-Baptiste

203-***-**** - ad5bcs@r.postjobfree.com
Summary
Strongly motivated network professional in LAN and WAN environments. Keeps performance high with continuous upkeep and regular maintenance. I am a team player, motivator, and lifelong learner, with major responsibilities in configuration, documentation, installation, and monitoring of enterprise environment.
Certifications
CCNA - Cisco ID: CSCO14178438
CCNP Enterprise-Pending
Certificate, Computer Hardware and Networking
Skills
Proficient in routing protocols like EIGRP, OSPF and BGP in MPLS Network
Configuring Layer-2 technologies like VLANs, Trunking, VTP, STP, RSTP, PVST, Port Security, Switch links aggregation using Ether Channel and Inter-VLAN Routing
Enterprise WiFi management
ServiceNow Ticketing Systems
Spectrum Monitoring Tool
Extensive work experience on 800, 2900, 3700, 3900 series Cisco Routers
Hands on experience in configuring Cisco Catalyst 2960, 3560, 3750, 4500,, 9300, 6500 series and Nexus 7k/5k
Experience
Costco Pharmacy February 2018 to Current
Network Administrator
Maintained and managed Virtual Local Area Networks(VLANS)
Created VPN IPSec tunnel for remote locations
Assisted the Senior Network Engineer for other day to day activities
Maintained and monitored network performance, and resolved technical issues
Handled network configurations after hours and on weekends to alleviate downtime and maintain smooth operations.
Costco Pharmacy March 2015 to February 2018
Network Technician
Supported the Snr. Network Engineer in providing general end-user support in a Cisco router and switch environment
Resolved tickets as a first-level response team member
Escalated requests as needed and provide updates to end-users
Installed, supported and maintained company hardware and software infrastructure according to best practices.

Walgreen Co. February 2011 to March 2015
IT Technician
Responded to assistance requests from users and directed individuals through basic troubleshooting tasks.
Communicated with customers to provide up-to-date information on incident response progress and resolution timeframe estimates.
Performed troubleshooting on networking and connectivity issues to restore connections and network access.
Coordinated ticket fulfillment among multiple technicians and teams to reduce redundancy and accelerate response times.
Education and Training
Norwalk Community College
Associate Degree
Contact this candidate