NOEL TOUNOUDJOU
ad5cvd@r.postjobfree.com — +1-240-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
Over 9 years of experience in Networking and Security, including hands-on experience providing network support, troubleshooting, overall site monitoring and log management to Sites & Datacenter. Detailed understanding and hands on experience in Security concept like AAA, RADIUS, LDAP, MFA, IPS/IDS, application control, Web filtering, Zero Trust, SSL and S2S IPSEC VPN and much more. Experience working with layer 2,3,4 protocols as well as SDWAN. Extensive work experiences with Fortinet stack (FortiGates, FortiSwitches and FortiAPs. Hands-on experience with Cisco ASAs and Cisco Firepower Management, CheckPoint, Palo Alto NGFW. Hand on experience deploying, managing, supporting and troubleshooting FortiNet SD-Wan, Cisco Viptela SDWAN, Silver Peak SD-wan, Experience working with AZURE and AWS networking.

HARDWARE:
Experience working with 2600, 2900, 3600, 3900, 7200, 7600 series Cisco Routers, hands-on experience in configuring Cisco Catalyst 2900, 2960, 3560, 3750, 4500, 4900, 6500, 6800, 7XXX and 9200 series, Nexus 2248, 5548, 7010, 9300 switches and Cisco ASA 5505, 5506 series Firewall and Cisco Firepower Management. Hands-on experience working with FortiGate 60F, 100f PoE, 200F and 1500D Next-Generation Firewall Hardware. Experience working on Check Point Quantum 6400.

SOFTWARE / TECHNOLOGY: SolarWinds Network configuration manager "NCM", Monitoring Systems – SolarWinds NPM, Ticketing Systems – JIRA, Service now, Fresh. Office 365 suite,

Routing and Switching: SDWAN, MPLS and L3 VPN, BGP, EIGRP, OSPF, and RIP, VLAN, STP, RSTP, VTP, SIP, VOIP.

Network Analyzer:
oSolarWinds (NPM, NCM, SAM, IPAM, NETFLOW, Kiwi Syslog)
oWireshark
oInfoblox
oNetMRI
oCisco Prime Infrastructure

Cisco VOIP:
oCUCM
oCisco Unity Connection

CERTIFICATIONS:
CCNP 300-415 Implementing Cisco SD-WAN Solutions
Fortinet NSE 5
AWS Solution Architect – Associate
SSM SAFe 5.0

EDUCATION:
•Certificate in cybersecurity architecture and management in Montreal, Polytechnic in progress
•College diploma in mechanical engineering technique, Cegep of Saint -Laurent, Montreal 2014
•Degree in computer science at the University of Buea, Cameroon 2011

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
TD bank, Montreal, QC
Senior Network Engineer (Consultant) Feb 2022 – Present

Worked with other engineer to deployed Zero Trust and Network segmentation companywide using ISE.
Responsible for onboarding acquisition and migrating firewall from multiples vendors (ASA and Checkpoint) to FortiGate.
Responsible for upgrading WAN circuit and configuring site to site IPsec VPN tunnels with high redundancy to connect spokes to hubs.
Responsible for Administration and firewall changes management.
Responsible for Designing, deploying, supporting and Implementing Fortinet SD-WAN solution companywide using FortiManager and Fortianalyser.
Responsible for supporting day to day basis incident tickets related to Network and system infrastructure using Service Now.
Configured “traffic shaper” (Fortinet QoS)
Providing Tier-2/3 support for firewall issues, network related issues and automation application support.
Responsible for Installs/upgrades OS to CISCO switches as per CISCO recommendation to keep them up to date.
Daily implementing rules on FortiGate firewall as well as Azure NSG as per business user requests.
Responsible for configuring FortiGate’s devices with High Availability for new sites.
Joining troubleshooting calls with vendors to resolve issues and document them for future references.

Intuit, Montreal, QC December 2018- January 2022
Senior Network Engineer (Consultant)

Responsible for creating a new Network design as well as re-subnetting the infrastructure using SolarWinds IPAM.
Responsible for migrating over 80 ASA and firepower NGFW to FortiGate 100E for sites and 600E for Datacenter and have them in High Availability cluster.
Responsible for implementing, managing, and supporting Fortinet SDWAN.
Configured AAA on all network appliances using CISCO ISE as Radius and TACACS server.
Provided knowledge transfer to new hired and insured there are fully onboarded.
Responsible for onboarding network appliances for new sites.
Responsible for Administration, configuration, implementation, operation and maintenance of Cisco/Avaya VoIP and Messaging platforms.
Responsible for resolving standard and complex incidents, service requests, and problems.
Working with Telecom providers and 3rd party hardware/software maintenance vendors.

auracom, Montreal, QC August 2016 – November 2018
Network Engineer (Contract)

Responsible for supporting Cisco Viptela SDWAN from Vmanage.
Responsible for onboarding new Vedge appliances for new sites.
Worked with other network engineers to re-architect design of Corporate Datacenters and Remote Office networks.
Responsible for configuring and managing Cisco WAPs at corporate office and sites.
Responsible for configuring, maintaining, and supporting site-2-site VPN tunnels to 3rd party clients and remote sites on Cisco ASA and FortiGate Firewalls.
Installed SolarWinds suite to monitor and manage all network devices, Cisco ASAs, Catalyst Switches, Checkpoint Firewalls, Juniper MAGs, F5s and servers.
Designed and configured auto failover and failback for all sites via different paths (MPLS, satellite, S2S VPN).
Configured SolarWinds NCM to backup device configurations weekly and send change reports.
Responsible for configuring network equipment for remote sites, working with AT&T and remote hands to turn-up MPLS circuits and site network.
Responsible for updating existing site network diagrams, designing, and creating new diagrams for upcoming projects.

Walmart, Montreal, QC (Remote) Marc2014–September 2016
Network Engineer (Contract)

Daily responsibilities include monitoring, supporting, and troubleshooting LAN/WAN and SCADA networks.
Responsible for gathering system requirements, developing migrations plans for upgrading remote client sites.
Migrated 70+ sites from Frame Relay to MPLS and implemented layer 3 routing using EIGRP.
Planned and successfully implemented new IP network scheme during building move.
Responsible for updating network plans, drawings, business processes and project plans.
Managed VPN concentrator for site-to-site and client VPN connections.
Resolved IPSEC and GRE tunnel issues on Cisco Routers and PIX firewalls.
Controlled user and application access to DMZ using access-lists.
Managed and administered Cisco 6500s for layer 3 switching, VLAN and Spanning Tree.
Contact this candidate