Christian Gates
Norfolk, Nebraska *****
ad5d5c@r.postjobfree.com • 402-***-****
Professional Experience
Freelance Contractor, DBA CGNebraska 12/2024 – Present Specializing in task automation (scripting), physical to virtual migration, as well as VmWare to Hyper-V. Emphasis on hardened endpoint security, automated deployment via MDT, VPN integration for remote employees, disaster recovery, MFA implementation and MS 365 support / maintenance. Special expertise involving long range wifi connections / backhauls serving rural and remote areas. Technical Engineer, Virtual IT 6/2023 – 11/2023
%100 Remote Managed Service Provider. Responsible for handling any and all issues reported by all clients. Heavy emphasis placed on design, implementation and maintenance of remote connectivity encompassing a diverse variety of methods. Macintosh support as well as PC and server stack. Veeam backup infrastructure. Microsoft Office application support. Telecommunication support ranging from PBX based environments to softphone based technology i.e. Teams, Zulu, Sangoma, etc. (ACD/IVR, automated response i.e. Holiday messaging). Supported clientele ranging from front line employees up to C level staff. Modicum of machine code support/automation. Streamlined image deployment for both new equipment as well as production machines. Network/wifi troubleshooting, support and upgrading. MFA integration. Intrusion detection and attack mitigation.
Systems Analyst/Network Engineer, Kawasaki Motors Manufacturing 9/2021 – 6/2023 Responsible for administration of the KMM computing environment, Citrix based layered thin client configuration in conjunction with VmWare. Standalone virtual machine setup specific to engineering needs. Network configuration utilizing Ruckus hardware. Configuration and support for Lotus notes email environment and Tricerat printing software. On call support on a rotating schedule. Repairing TC70 and TC8000 scanning equipment. Active Directory and GPO management. Automation of new user setup and Cisco CUCM/CUCA telecommunication systems. Support for Lansa/AS400 computing environment. Service and support for all hardware utilized at KMM including production equipment and installations. Scripting as required for streamlining installs and extracting data from AD. Utilization of PDQ to aid in the deployment and patching of software. Incorporation of Cylance and Cybereason AV solutions. Design and maintenance of system images using Microsoft Deployment Toolkit. Configure DUO Multi-factor authentication for remote / traveling employees. Trained scissor & bucket lift. System Engineer, Bizco Technologies • 8/2019-7/2021 Primary Engineer for 16+ companies. Responsible for any / all tickets not resolved by tier 3 level support. Oversight for project planning & implementation, new office planning and setup, Server setup, migration and virtualization, VoIP telecommunications, wi-fi, network security, surveillance systems, PCI and HIPAA compliance, VPN availability, best effort 3rdparty product support, Email, data storage, disaster recovery, mitigation of network attack and email hacks, heavy emphasis placed on task automation (i.e. Scripting). Ultimately responsible for the entirety of client IT operations and infrastructure. Systems Administrator, Soarin Group • 12/2018-8/2019 Design, deploy, maintain and troubleshoot IT infrastructure for corporate and government entities including server stack, network, VoIP telecommunication/911 availability, business applications, domain, email, VPN access etc. On-boarding of new Soarin Group employees. Responsible for the entirety of assigned client’s IT operations. Specialized in network administration, telecommunications and domain administration. Emphasis placed on the streamlining and automation of current processes as well as innovative and proactive solutions to existing and potential shortfalls/bottlenecks. Business analysis conducted with clients to translate the technical aspects of a given problem or solution into layman’s terms. Top priorities placed on “White Glove”/ “Platinum Rule” and “Legacy over Currency” treatment for clients. Contractor, Last Mile Networks • 5/2018-12/2018
Monitor and resolve trouble tickets/requests for change encompassing all aspects of hardware, software, email and application support, network/firewall, domain administration and process automation for residential, SOHO and corporate sized clients. Maintenance, installation and optimization of CPE, base and subscriber radios/wireless PTP equipment. Monitor QoS and uptime for WISP clients. Responsible for independently managed scheduling, transportation, equipment/tools, billing and ticket resolution. Resolve any and all issues as a Tier 3 support point in conjunction with client IT staff. Server Administrator/Service Delivery Tech, Nebraska Book Company • 3/2016 –4/2018 Train new technicians in job specific detail. Responsible for setup and configuration of new servers
(physical and virtual), setup and configuration of point of sale computers (registers) and back office workstations including all related peripheral items (Line Display, MSR, Printers, Barcode generator etc.) for approximately 300 colleges and Universities across the country including Canada, Hawaii and the Virgin Islands. Maintain Cisco networks and devices for “Fully Managed Back Office” clients. Troubleshoot any and all issues as they arise within the aforementioned infrastructure. Maintain wide variety of different VPN connections to clients.
Director, I.T. Operations, Whitehead Oil Company • 9/2013-2/2016 Supervise and train IT staff. Troubleshoot POS, Credit Network, Forecourt Controller, Gasoline dispenser, SQL, Server/AD and Workstation issues and inconsistencies including software/hardware integration. Administer Active Directory, Exchange and SQL servers. Designed and deployed network architecture and infrastructure. Implemented and orchestrated the incorporation of 3rd party loyalty cards (ex. Russ's “Tank Bank” program)
Webmaster/In House Technician, inPower Cloud Services, LLC • 12/2012-9/2013 Development, maintenance, and administration of public and private websites for company and public mobile site. Import and organize company documents and data on hosted SQL database. Provide remote support/regular maintenance for office equipment and all CSR workstations. Designed, implemented and maintained company RAS.
Network Engineer, JNFS Engineering • 3/2012-9/2012 Deployed and configured CPE equipment as well as radio tower AP equipment. Troubleshoot remote and on-site client side connectivity issues/ client computer issues. IT Lead Technician, A&D Global, LLC • 6/2010-3/2012 Maintain integrity and security of digital information. Repair all electronic and computer equipment for personnel and clients. Implemented POP/SMTP email to local server as per owner request, designed/implemented network infrastructure. Built server stack. Implemented automated data backup/recovery system. Designed and integrated IP based surveillance/security system. Setup secure VPN for traveling and remote personnel.
Technical Expertise
Software/Scripting: Azure, Powershell, MDT, Bash, AutoIT, Python, Solarwinds, Active Directory, Exchange/365, Lotus, G-Suite, MS Office, MSSQL/MySQL, Visual Basic/C#, Arduino, Cylance, Cybereason, DUO mobile
Networking: TCP/IP, Cisco, Ruckus, SonicWall, Zyxel, Netgate/PfSense, MikroTik/RouterOS, Fortinet, Ubiquity, CloudTrax, SAN/NAS, DNS, DHCP, LAN/WAN
Web Design: HTML, CSS, PHP, Javascript, Adobe CS, Corel, DotNetNuke, Wordpress/Drupal, Moodle, Canvas, etc.
Vulnerability/PenTest: Nmap, Metasploit & Kali, Shodan.io, etc. PBX/VoIP: Cisco, Allworx, Shoretel, Yeastar/MyPBX, Polycom, Epygi, Digium, 8x8 Virtualization: VmWare/ESXi, MS Hyper-V, Citrix, Load Balancing, Clustering Operating Systems: MS Server/Windows, Linux (Debian, Cent-OS, Ubuntu), Apple, Cisco IOS, RouterOS, Android IOS,
Point of Sale:
Nebraska Book Co: PrismCore (WinPrism POS), Prism Cloud (P360), PrismICS. Whitehead Oil (Pinnacle & Ruby systems): Palm POS, Journal Consolidator Senior, PriceBook, Symphony, Auditor, ASA, SSC, Retalix, Radiant, Ruby. Other: Hardware-Extensive experience with emphasis in electronics. Proficient in troubleshooting faulty equipment/tracing issues. 802.11 solutions-Ubiquity, Motorola, Alvarion, Tranzeo, Radwin. BS/SU and CP equipment. Cabling-802.11 Cat 3, 5/6. LMR and Heliax, CATV and Fiber –single and multi pair. ANDI and NexGen forecourt controllers, RPi and Arduino.
Education/Certifications
University of Nebraska-Lincoln, 2002-2005
Major: Music Performance/Minor: Spanish
Certifications:
ITIL Foundation v3GR750230848CG – 3.2016
VmWare VCA-DCV VMW-01378067Y-00454575 - 4.2014
Fortinet NSE Level 2 B96dLaLBGD – 7.2021
Nationally Registered Emergency Medical Technician #E3731676 – 2.2023
Contact this candidate