JOHN F. BREESE
***** ****** ******* *****, **********, VA 20148
703-***-**** ad5fpg@r.postjobfree.com

Summary - Technical Manager / Telecommunications Engineer / Security Engineer
Extensive experience in various telecommunications industries with heavy emphasis in Unified Communications, data distribution, network management, and testing as well as physical and network security.
Work extensively with the U.S. Military and DoD on various programs
Support for DISA, FAA, DHS, Special Operations Command (SOCOM), The Department of Commerce (Census), State Department, and several commercial and private entities
Designed, configured, and installed secure telecommunications networks for up to 200,000 users
Regularly participates in the preparation of various bid and proposal efforts to bring in new opportunities or increase existing ones
Performs Requirements Analysis, System Testing, Network Monitoring, Penetration Testing
Provide supervision and management to various sized teams of engineers and technicians
Current Secret Clearance
Experience
L3Harris Technologies, Space and Airborne Systems
Engineering Manager - 2021 to Present

Manage a highly skilled team of engineers through multiple projects in the aviation/avionics industry, including modernizing from a ground-based system of air traffic control to a satellite-based system of air traffic management, improving communications between pilots and air traffic controllers enabling more efficient operations and reducing communications errors and radio congestion, and developing leading-edge concepts in all dimensions of air traffic control.
Responsible for functional management of the Tier 3 Integration & Test, Deployment, and Systems Administration personnel and responsibility for personnel management and career development within the matrixed organization. In addition to management responsibilities, provide engineering assistance in other technical and direct labor assignments.

Cubic Mission Systems / Teralogics
Principal Systems Engineer / Deputy Project Manager - 2019 to 2021

Lead and assist an engineering team through the design, configuration, installation, and operational maintenance of satellite to terrestrial data transport systems for high resolution video. Participate in project reviews and provide weekly and monthly status updates to the customer base and to corporate management. Prepare and deliver presentations on contract status, as well as upcoming risks and opportunities. Develop test plans and schedules for equipment refresh/replacement as well as software upgrades and site augmentation.

Leidos, Inc.
Principal Voice Engineer - 2014 to 2019

Unified Communications Lead on a project to modernize voice communications to general aviation pilots through the FAA Future Flight Services Program (FFSP), which updates various segments of voice connections to improve coverage and connection quality. Network operations engineer for testing and upgrading equipment in development and Operational environments. Successfully migrated voice and video systems within the new NATO Headquarters in Brussels, Belgium and developed a mapped dial plan to ensure a seamless transition to a Lync-based system when staff moves into the new facility. Performed an audit/assessment on the network and voice system documentation and procedures in use on a government healthcare program to reduce downtime and improve the functionality of the overall network, including procedures. Subsystem Integration Lead for voice systems, paging systems, satellite communications and unified communications on a large-scale emergency communications system for nuclear power plants in multiple locations around the country. Developed the design criteria based on requirements analysis, and selected components and devices to be used. Assembled a fully operational test system within Leidos’ Validation and Verification Laboratory. Scripted and presented classroom training to the customers and end users of this system and worked closely with other subsystem leads to ensure seamless cross-platform operations.

Attain, LLC
Manager, Federal Services and Facility Security Officer, 2009 – 2014

As a Project Manager and Technical Resource, provided management support and engineering guidance to the Veterans Administration in their effort to reduce the occurrence and storage of Personally Identifiable Information throughout the VA system as an Identity Theft Prevention measure. Delivered training to the VA staff members in the use and data gathering functions of the toolsets. Provided oversight and validation support to a local county government during their effort to migrate to a new records management system.
Telecommunications Subject Matter Expert in the design and fabrication of a help desk suite for the National Guard, including ensuring compatibility with existing services and developing a migration plan to speed relocation efforts. Engineered a temporary “cutover solution” to further reduce outages and provide for dual operational locations simultaneously.

Provided engineering and management support to the Program Executive Office, Enterprise Information Systems (PEO-EIS) of the Army, through the Program Manager for Network Enterprise Systems. Researched PEO-EIS objectives and provided opinion and white papers on emerging technology, such as Enterprise E-mail systems and Unified Communications as well as network and system design. Provided direct engineering support to specific projects such as the Korea Transformation, a large-scale troop and system re-location effort in South Korea. This engineering support included voice, video, and data utilizing multiple delivery and transport methods. Established an overall System Engineering Plan for this project and developed a system strategy map to analyze productivity trends.

Acted as the CEO Lead for the Army National Guard RCAS/DTTP Program Directorate. Provided support services to the RCAS/DTTP Chief Engineer, overseeing the Prime Contractor counterparts on the RCAS and DTTP programs, both communications system for the Reserve Component with over 200,000 users. Provided a daily status of operations to the Chief Engineer’s Office Project Directorate. Managed the CEO oversight staff. Reviewed and evaluated new products and software packages proposed by prime contractor and reviewed current military and government information resources for applicable data and operational changes relevant to RCAS and DTTP operation. Reviewed products and test data to be submitted for Networthiness certification and provided key support in development and testing Continuity of Operations and Disaster Recovery plans for continued operations with minimal disruption of service.
As corporate Facility Security Officer (FSO) for a new enterprise, administered security clearances of multiple levels for individuals at Attain, and achieved a Top-Secret Facility clearance for Attains headquarters. Provided security awareness training for cleared individuals and monitored national security conditions and how they affect daily operations.

BearingPoint
Manager, Public Services, 2006 – 2009
As listed above (Attain purchased this contract), Acted as the CEO Lead for the Army National Guard RCAS/DTTP Program Directorate. Provided support services to the RCAS/DTTP Chief Engineer, overseeing the Prime Contractor counterparts on the RCAS and DTTP programs
As the Lead Engineer for the U.S. Navy Circuit Management Office, reviewed and approved circuit requests for telecommunications systems at all US Navy facilities, both in the continental United States and abroad. Liaison to the Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA) to capitalize on their existing infrastructure for Navy purposes and monitor bandwidth re-allocation.
Deputy Project Manager/Telecommunications Subject Matter Expert. Acted as part of a team of engineers to provide an overall network physical and operational assessment for a large travel assistance company with many locations and six remote telephone support centers. Evaluated the current architecture through system audits and proposed needed changes as well as ideas to improve and safeguard the operations in an ongoing basis.
Design/Implementation Engineer for internal projects, including support to the internal BearingPoint effort to develop a “Center of Excellence”, in the Washington, DC area. This Center was a showcase for telecommunications solutions, including, VoIP, Call Center management, IPv6 migration as well as a test bed for any other telecommunications needs. While assisting in all areas, took an active and lead role in developing and presenting the IPv6 migration solutions and strategies.
As a Lead Telecommunications Engineer, developed a telecommunications test environment to provide an internal working environment for the collection of data for the TSA TWIC program. Once tested and approved as operational, provided the same efforts to develop and install a completely operational and secure system based on the TSA’s needs.

SAIC
Member, Technical Staff, 2001 – 2006
Project Leader and main point of contact for site installation engineering plans and designs for a large-scale optical network for DISA. Worked closely with site installation teams to insure complete and accurate site build-out and acceptance occurred. Developed site-specific drawings and equipment lists to verify equipment ordering status. Wrote and revised test plans, procedures, and other engineering–related documentation for site-specific as well as program-wide functions. Checked and maintained status of government furnished information (GFI) necessary for site activation and completion. Supervised 4 engineers in their day-to-day assignments.

As Chief Engineer / Deputy Project Manager, provided engineering support to the Network Control Center and Program Management staff. Actively participated in technical writing and proposal preparation and presentation, and was tasked as Lead Engineer on various wireless networking projects and opportunities. Lead designer and installer of demonstration sites for voice, video, & data as well as wireless network solutions, including Voice over IP (VOIP) and Voice over Frame Relay (VOFR) for the National Guard and the Integrated Emergency Response Center located in Johnstown, PA. Designed and implemented a rural broadband network utilizing wireless and terrestrial technology and multiple levels of security. For the Department of Commerce, created a matrix for analyzing security requirements and vulnerabilities of greatest impact on an upcoming national census effort. This included network and physical security as well as efforts to protect against biological and other terrorist threats.

docHarbor
Director of Network Systems, 2000 – 2001
Responsible for all corporate and customer telecommunications and network design, support, security, circuit provisioning, capacity management, and requirements planning for internet banking customers. Tested and evaluated new equipment for incorporation into network and system designs with attention to security and system, network, and website protection.

Boeing Information Services
Member Technical Staff, 1997 – 2000
Acted as Chief Engineer to provide engineering support to Program Management staff on large-scale wireless and VoIP projects and was responsible for the design and installation of communications test laboratories for commercial contracts and government agencies. Provided upper tier field support to customers. Researched new equipment for network enhancement and providing technical write-ups. Spoke with customers and other vendors at trade shows while demonstrating solutions. Managed 3 teams of voice/data engineers.

GTE/Contel
Member of Technical Staff, 1990 – 1997
Provided telecommunications support for a multi-billion-dollar federal contract. Designed over 1200 individual LANs in support of a 70,000-user military communications network. Performed maintenance, service, and programming network encryption devices. Authored over 5,000 pages of test scripts and scenarios used for government acceptance of network solutions. Wrote technical proposals, tests, and manpower requirements for government and commercial contracts. Orchestrated and implemented competitive demonstrations for government communications systems, conducted training classes on system components, and served as Lead Engineer on many deployment teams.
Additional Work History
Senior Field Engineer, QUESTECH / ERI, Inc., 1989 – 1990
Test Engineer / Test Supervisor, SCOPE, Inc., 1987 – 1989
Computer Analyst, Grumman Aerospace, 1984 – 1987
Electronic Technician, Gull Airborne Instruments, 1983 – 1984
Production Supervisor, DIGIPULSE, Inc., 1982 – 1983
Education
B.S. Engineering, Kennedy Western University
B.T. EMCT coursework, New York Institute of Technology
A.A.S. Aviation Electronics coursework, Academy of Aeronautics
Electronics coursework, Island Drafting and Technical Institute
Electronics coursework, Suffolk County Community College
Certifications
Certified Wi-LAN AWE Expert (Wireless Communications)
Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA)
Cisco Foundation Express for Account Managers
Cisco Systems IPv6 Migration and Planning
Cisco Unified Communications
Cisco Lifecycle Services
Cisco Contact Center Express
Cisco Sales Expert (CSE)
Cyber Defenses Academy, IT Security Accreditation
DoD Security Awareness
IBM P-Series Technical Expert

Areas of Expertise
Telecommunications Design, Unified Communications, Voice, Video, and Data Network Design, WiFi and Long-Haul Wireless, Network Configuration and Deployment, Network and Security Assessment and Evaluation, Web Presence, Instant Messaging, Cloud-Based Solutions, Active Directory Implementation, Cloud and Hybrid Collaboration, Extensive Federal Communications, WebEx, Disaster Recovery Planning, Intrusion Detection, Wireless LAN products, Encryption Devices, Computer Forensics, Paging Systems, Test and Evaluation, Physical Security, Ethernet, Fiber Optics, Microsoft Office, and Advanced Technical support. Demonstrated skills in Windows, Linux, Cisco IOS, Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol (TCP/IP) including IPv4 and IPv6, X.25, and Novell Communications and Applications packages. Routers, Switches, Bridges, Firewalls, Extensive use of LAN monitoring, traffic/load generation and packet capture tools and packet analyzers. G.711, G.723, G.729, H323, 802.11x, WOFDM, VOIP, VOFR, AVVID.
Contact this candidate