Name- Himsi Verma
Contact number +91-861*******
Email Id: ad5haj@r.postjobfree.com

CAREER OBJECTIVE:

A growth oriented profile in a company where my skills and knowledge can be effectively used for the growth of company and hold a challenging position in an organization that would provide an opportunity for professional development and growth for the organization and myself.

PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION:

Completed CCNA training (Cisco Certified Network Associate)

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
●Knowledge of routing protocols (RIP, OSPF, BGP & EIGRP).
●Spanning Tree Protocol, VLANs, VTP.
●IP Addressing, Subnetting, VLSM
●Switching
●SIEM Tool:- Qradar
●Ticketing Tool:- BMC Remedy, Workmon
Web traffic filtering via proxy (Cisco Web Security Appliance)

WORK EXPERIENCE:-

●Organization Name: - Capgemini Engineering
●Job Role: - Network Specialist
●Tenure: - 23 August 2021 to till date
●Roles & Responsibilities-:

Troubleshoot, Maintain & Monitor complete network
Responsible for interacting with customers to coordinate the timely
Implementation of customer network.
To handle emergencies, critical major problems, coordinate with senior engineer for root cause analysis for issue.
Troubleshooting issues related to Web Security Appliance. (WSA)
Handle Phone calls (incident, escalation, and request for information).
Handle request/incident tickets on the activity scope.

●Organization Name: - Nokia Siemens (off role)
●Job Role: - Network Engineer
●Tenure: - December 2016 to 20 August 2021
●Roles & Responsibilities-:

Log Monitoring from various organizational network devices IPS/IDS, Checkpoint, Symantec (Anti Virus), WAF.
Incident handling and escalation of the attacks to the higher management.
Daily, Report Weekly Report & Monthly Report preparation.
Incident handling and escalation of the attacks to the higher management.
Perform ticket creation, tracking, update and closure.
Incident handling and escalation of the attacks to the higher management.
Troubleshoot, Maintain & Monitor complete network
Responsible for interacting with internal groups, vendors and customers to coordinate the timely
Troubleshoot all networking problems such as (latency, availability, utilization) to ensure minimum downtime and maximum availability of network. Handle troubleshooting of static routing and Dynamic Routing in Cisco Router such as EIGRP, OSPF, BGP and MPLS.
implementation of customer network and data services.
To handle emergencies, critical major problems, coordinate with L3 level/Vendor TAC and
investigate faults/cause relatedto system/ network problems.
Troubleshooting issues related to Layer 2 network
CISCO & Extreme Switches.
Troubleshooting issue related to L2VPN, L3VPN, MPLS & Metro Ethernet, and Routing& Switching
Handle Phone calls (incident, escalation, and request for information).
Handle request/incident tickets on the activity scope.
Maintenance of SLA standards.
Manage daily, weekly and monthly performance reports.

●Organization Name: - (Huawei Pvt Ltd)
●Job Role: - Network Optimizer Engineer
●Tenure: - Feb 2015 to Oct 2016.
●Roles and Responsibilities-:

Addition and deletion of neighbors according to the requirement.
Traffic balancing.
firsthand fault management and network support to enterprise users within SLA.
First level troubleshooting before passing the incident to next levels if required.
Troubleshooting for both SA (Service Affecting) Faults i.e., Link Down issue and NSA (Non-Service Affecting)
Handling day to day operation of devices configuration related problems and giving remote support by configuring and managing BGP, OSPF, EIGRP, STATIC routing Providing remote assistance to field engineers to troubleshoot and repair complex circuits

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION:

●B.Tech. from Rajasthan technical University in 2014
●12th passed from Rajasthan Board in 2010
●10th passed from Rajasthan Board in 2008

PERSONAL DETAILS:

Father’s Name : MR. Bhupendra Verma
Date of Birth : 12.12.1992
Sex : Female
Marital Status : Married
Nationality : Indian
Language Known : Hindi & English

Place: Pune
Date: 08.06.2021

(Himsi Verma)
Contact this candidate