Robert Allen Castillo
**** ******** ***
Marietta, GA 30062

Email: ad5kfm@r.postjobfree.com Cell: 404-***-****

Objectives:

I am seeking an opportunity that will allow me to share my extensive knowledge of collaboration, voip, wireless, routing, switching, and firewalls. To help customers optimize their networks for better performance while keeping expenditures to a minimum. My extensive experience will benefit any team of engineers and teach them troubleshooting techniques that will improve customer engagements.

Experience:

Over 20 years of IT experience. I have a background in client/server support and Cisco CUCM, CUCME, CUE, CUC, IMP, Jabber, Collaboration, UCCX, Finesse, and UCS. I have a Legacy PBX background with Nortel MICS, CICS, BCM 50, Avaya IP Office, 3CX, and Adtran Netvanta 7100. Wireless experience includes Cisco Aironet, Meraki, Aruba, Aerohive, Xirrus and Ubiquiti. Switching experience includes Cisco, Meraki, Fortinet, HP, Adtran, and Avaya switching, core, distribution, and access. Hypervisor experience with VMware Vsphere and Vcenter clients. Firewall experience with Cisco ASA, Checkpoint, Fortinet, Meraki MX, Calyptix, Palo Alto and Sophos including SSL and IPSEC VPN. Configured SD WAN on firewalls using buitin capability or Velocloud devices.

Network Administrator, Hooters of America Jan23-Present

Helped monitor and maintain Sonicwall NSA 5600 HA Pair in datacenter. Helped troubleshoot VPN connectivity to 196 stores for online ordering and HOA point of sale. Converted VPN concentrator from Fortigate 60E to 201F Fortigate HA pair. Built configurations to replace all Sonicwalls in stores with Fortigate firewalls, 148FPOE Fortiswitches, Fortiextenders and Forti 231F access points. Maintained Meraki access points in all stores to work with Technicolor Mediatunes to change sources on multiple screens throughout the stores. Provided SD WAN at each store for redundant VPN and Guest Wireless connectivity. Resolved issues with LAN isolation and containment and removed throttled connectivity for wireless access to the Corporate, POS Lab and Guest wireless.Helped monitor and maintain Sonicwall NSA 5600 HA Pair in datacenter. Helped troubleshoot VPN connectivity to 196 stores for online ordering and HOA point of sale. Converted VPN concentrator from Fortigate 60E to 201F Fortigate HA pair. Built configurations to replace all Sonicwalls in stores with Fortigate firewalls, 148POE Fortiswitches, and Forti 231F access points. Maintained Meraki access points in all stores to work with Technicolor Mediatunes to change sources on multiple screens throughout the stores. Provided SD WAN at each store for redundant VPN and Guest Wireless connectivity using TMobile Cradlepoints and Fortiextenders. Resolved issues with LAN isolation and containment and removed throttled connectivity for wireless access to the Corporate, POS Lab and Guest wireless.

Fortinet NSE3
Fortimanager
FortiAnalyzer
Fortigate 40F, 60F, 201F (HA)
Fortiswitch 148E and 148F
FortiAP 231F
FortiExtender 511F

Senior Network Engineer, Info Systems Inc Sep22-Dec22

●Configured Aruba 9004 Gateways for Private Client Services and connected them to Aruba Central in the HPE Greenlake Cloud.
●Configured IPSEC VPN tunnels to each gateway in the IBM Cloud
●Enabled Orchestrated Overlay to each site to allow access to any node in the Cloud as well as any node in Appleton, WI/Louisville, KY/Charlotte, NC
●Configured the VPN Concentrator in the IBM Cloud to allow for all Aruba VIA VPN Clients to connect with 1600 sessions available.
●Configured LDAP authentication to occur for each user by configuring the proper OU for Active Directory where all user profiles reside.
●Restricted SSH access to the Virtual Gateway Appliance/ Virtual Mobility Controller from only one public IP.
●Received approval from Aruba to distribute the latest version of the VIA VPN client that will work with Windows 10 Version 22H2, this will not be released to the General public until January 2023.
●Configured all Aruba switches and gateways to be seen in Aruba Central and reconfigured each port at all sites.
●Updated firmware on Dell Core, Edge, and Distribution switches for Atlanta Community Food Bank. Resolved issues with flapping interfaces between the Core and Distribution switches. Reconfigured Port Channels and added additional SFP+ interfaces.
●Built Bill of Materials for a network refresh of 30 Dell Broadcom switches and 102 Access points.
●Uploaded the deals into Cisco Commerce Workspace and shared them out to the Salesperson.
●Registered the deal for OIP and applied additional promotions for Tech Refresh.
●Reconfigured HA pair of Palo Alto firewalls to add an aggregated subinterface for Vlan 66 “internet only”iWarehouse application
●Submitted a proposal to update the support on the Palo Alto firewalls
●Updated the Fortinet firewall firmware at Wilkins Research in compliance with FG-IR-22-377: Fortinet PSIRT Critical Advisory.
●Reviewed Sophos HA configuration for UGO/Bargain Barn and pulled configuration. Used FortiConverter to ready this configuration for new Fortinet HA 100F firewalls to replace the Sophos.
●Reconfigured Cisco switch interfaces for Southeast Lineman to work with the Sonicwall trunk interfaces to allow traffic from multiples Vlans.
●Created a wireless heatmap for 20 new access points at Chattanooga Surgery Center.

Senior Network Engineer, SP Richards Company Aug21-Sep22

●Reconfigured Dial Peers to eliminate bad call quality, bypassed Diversion Header that was needed for MPLS
●Add IMP servers to domain for Presence in Jabber. Added Voicemail component to Jabber functionality
●Configured Syslog server on Linux box to capture DID connection failures.
●Used RTMT to capture current calling and called parties from reported call failures.
●Managed Cisco ASA VPN connections to clients like Office Depot and end users working from home.
●Managed 1100 RF Gun devices at 33 locations in the US, used to pick product and create orders.
●Performed Moves/Adds/Changes to 760 phones and voicemail with Unified Messaging.
●Configured Agents and Entry point DIDs in Webex Contact Center
●Added Agents to queues and created new queues for Inside Account Managers
●Amended Flows for each queue and agent to allow for Zero out option to go to group voicemails.
●Created JSONs and Audio files to the Resource repository for addition to the Call Flows
●Maintained operation and licensing for our 3 Call Managers and 3 Unity Connection Servers
●Monitored and maintained Meraki Access points, Switches, and Firewalls for each location
●Optimized Wireless power settings and latency settings for each SSID
●Tested and reconfigured most of the 1100 RF guns via Ivanti Avalanche Software
●Ordered maintenance for all UPS units at each location via Eaton
●Reconfigured all switches and routers as needed
●Performed DR test from Atlanta EQ to Dallas QTS Datacenter
●Worked with Verizon to correct all of our CallerIDs at each location, sold by Genuine Parts
●Converted all Access points from Motorola to Meraki with new 802.11at power injectors needed.
●Closed tickets related to network and voice issues
●On call every 3rd week since there were only 3 Network Engineers
●Attended meetings with Verizon to get all of our circuits converted from MPLS to DIA.
●Utilized our Riverbed appliance to show all traffic streams creating latency from any warehouse
●Used AlgoSec to prune firewall rules no longer needed on the Checkpoint Firewall.

Network Administrator, Yamaha Motor Corporation Aug19-July21

●Cisco VOIP Administration
●Created users in the appropriate Partitions and Calling Search Spaces
●Created Dial-Peers for inbound and outbound on Cisco Voice Gateways at 34 locations.
●Configured CUBE and ACLs on voice gateways for security.
●Added Verizon SIP trunks at 3 main sites and ported 800 and 900 DIDs numbers from AT&T
●Configured Translation Patterns for all 800 numbers
●Added functionality such as Call Pickup Groups and Remote Profiles
●Resolved issues with One way audio
●Configured voicemails for user and huntgroups
●Utilized Unified Call Studio to determine issues with Call Options related to the queues.
●Reconfigured ports on switches to use a native voice vlan instead of being set to dynamic.
●Performed upgrade of Cisco Call Manager and Unity Connection from 10.5 to 12.5
●Implemented some QOS to resolve latency issues affecting call quality.
●Eliminated multiple dial peers from old configurations.
●Added users to the PGusers group and associated their devices to allow them to login into Finesse.
●Configured agents in PCCE by adding them to the appropriate Queue. Configured Cisco IPC to allow them to login to their queues from home
during the pandemic via VPN..

May18-Aug19
Network Administrator, Sierra-Cedar

●F5 Load Balancer configuration and maintenance, added iApp for automated backups to a SMB/CIFS share repository.
●Fortigate and Fortimanager Administration for firewalls in the US and Canada,
●VMware Vcenter Administration adding virtualized resources to each node. Moved VMs between hosts.
●Solarwinds Network Performance Monitor- Monitored all network nodes in the US and Canada. Performed OID walks from MIBs to refine interface reporting. Added SNMP Community String to all devices.
●Restricted access to all network nodes by implementing a Trusted Hosts List in compliance with CSC 11.2 standards.
●Utilized SPLUNK to find blocks on service ports or confirm traffic allowance for applications.
●Added RADIUS capabilities to each node to authenticate with Windows NPS server.
●Reconfigured each network node to prioritize RADIUS authentication method primarily, with local authentication secondary.
●Solarwinds Network Configuration Manager (Kiwi)- configured reporting of configuration changes via email using LDAP Service Accounts.
●Solarwinds IPAM Administration – Added every subnet of our /16 to IPAM and developed IP Address Request Form.
●Monitored all vCenter hosts on Dell M1000E chassis, HP Core Switching, and Distribution/Access Switching.
●Monitored all Meraki APs in the US, Canada, and India using the Meraki Dashboard and Solarwinds API.
●Updated Visio designs for network documentation.
●Submitted proposals to upgrade switches on the network
●Worked with vendors to obtain additional discounts prior to purchase
●Tested Proof of Concept hardware from various vendors
●Performed training on Solarwinds functionality to the team
●Configured a lab environment for vetting new candidates with firewall, switching, and webserver.
●Interviewed potential candidates.
●Performed Moves, Adds, Changes for sites in Canada utilizing Cisco Call Manager and Unity Connection.

Jan15-May18
Senior Network Engineer, Digitel Corporation

●Accomplished tickets in the queue for moves,adds,changes in CUCM,Unity Connection,IMP, CME, CUE, and our hosted Freedom Pipe solution. Deployed phones related to projects.
●Configured BluIP SIP trunks to authenticate to BE6k appliances or SIP phones using an authentication string on the phones.
●Configured agents in UCCX by adding them to the appropriate CSQ and skillset. Set the agents up with extension mobility and the appropriate Call Search Space so that live calls can be monitored in Finesse by their Supervisor.
●Setup users and agents for Call Recording using Call Replay
●Upgraded and configured and implemented Business Edition 6000 for clients
●Implemented Meraki MX64/MX84/MX65W firewalls and Z1/Z3 Teleworker appliances
●Configured Meraki Wireless Access Points via the dashboard by disabling Mesh, Adding SSIDs and Vlans, and adjusting application controls.
●Setup IPSEC VPN and IKE connections using Cisco ASAs, Meraki MX Mesh, and Fortinet between sites
●Configured PIM and GRE tunnels for Informacast Paging
●Configured AXIS Camera Station Servers and the application to allow recordings to be reviewed from Apple devices
●Performed wireless site surveys to resolve issues with authentication and wireless signal propagation.
●Configured SD WAN using Meraki and Fortinet Firewalls.
●Installed Avaya IP Office V2 PBX units and deployed phones
●Interfaced Nortel CS1000 with Avaya IP Office to fully utilize existing Avaya IP 1220 phones and convert them to SIP
●Developed Bill of Materials, Visio Design, and a Scope of Work for projects
●Registered Cisco Deals to maximize promotion discounts and worked with Cisco AM to achieve additional discounts.
●Acted as a liaison with our largest clients. Worked with project management teams to review milestones and objectives necessary to accomplish migrations to Cisco Unified Call Manager 10.5 from older Cisco and legacy systems.
●Accomplished tickets in the queue for moves,adds,changes in CUCM,Unity Connection,IMP, CME, CUE, and our hosted Coredial solution.
●Traveled to sites in other states for circuit turnups and phone implementations.
●Configured IPSEC VPNs for clients via ASDM to allow for SIP and SCCP connections back to their colocation sites where CUCM,Unity Connection, and UCCX were hosted.
●Configured Cisco Jabber and Attendant Console for clients with Anyconnect clients software on Iphone and Android devices.
●Configured and deployed Meraki solutions for wireless and security such as Z1, MX firewalls, MS switches and MR32/33/34 APs.
●Added QOS to interfaces to optimize WFQ for better voice/video quality.

May12-Jan15
Network Engineer, TIG

●Performed presales assessments for clients in Georgia.
●Created Bills of Material for proposed product offerings
●Wrote Scopes of Work to outline the deliverables of each project
●Created network designs using Visio
●Performed network discoveries using Netformx and Solarwinds LAN Scanner
●Implemented switching, routing, and firewalls for Colleges and Public Schools
●Performed implementations and post site surveys of wireless deployments using Xirrus and Meraki.
●Implemented security camera networks such as ONSSI, Pelco DSSRV using Pelco, Samsung, and Panasonic.
●Reviewed milestone billing for current projects
●Organized engineering resources to bring projects to fruition
●Reported project status to PMO once a week
●Assisted engineering with submitting Change Orders to clients when applicable
●Attended quality reviews to help TIG remain in ISO compliance with CIE’s and CAR’s.
●Met with clients to achieve order acceptance and sign off for Non-PMO projects.
●Acted as liaison to resolve outstanding issues with major accounts such as San Diego County Bar Association,
Valley View Casino, Sempra Energy, etc.

Aug11-May12
Solutions Architect, NSPI-PCM

●Provided presales support for projects and managed service offerings.
●Created Bill of Materials in Netformix, Visio Design, and wrote Scope of Work for each opportunity.
●Determined project hours and reviewed them with Project Managers prior to project commencement.
●Performed technical review and discovery of client environments.
●Presented proposals to clients on site.
●Updated sales staff on the latest Cisco and HP sales promotions prior to deal registration.
●Registered deals on the Cisco Commerce Workspace and negotiated additional discounts with Cisco account managers.
●Designed hosted VMware solutions with VMware 4.1 and 5 utilizing Vcenter and Vcenter Heartbeat.
●Calculated IOPS for hosted environments in our colocations located in Roswell and Powder Springs, GA.

Nov10-Aug11

Technical Enablement Engineer, Cisco

●Lead pre-sales engagement process for business partners specifically focused on Cisco’s Unified
Communications Data and VoIP product portfolios as well as Wireless LAN, IP Security, Storage, and Surveillance products.
●Performed product suite demonstrations to help close new business, respond to RFPs/RFIs, guide partners through co-developed ‘Steps-to-Success’ procedures designed to enable successful deployments.
●Performed post-sales site surveys and network assessments to ensure compliance with required feature sets.
●Provided network design documentation, staging plans, and rollout schedules.
●Performed hands-on staging, configuration, and support subsequent on-site solution deployments.
●Assisted end-user training and provide completed installation reports in compliance with partner report card assessments.
●Performed Webex demos of the Small Business Product Portfolio for a nationwide audience.

Solutions Engineer, DOW Networks

●Developed sales proposals for VOIP solutions in 53 countries. Specified all hardware and circuits needed to accomplish origination and termination to call centers around the world.
●Negotiated contracts with global carriers to add 45 Mbps MPLS, International Toll free, UIFN, DDI, and DID service to our collocation sites in Costa Rica, Jamaica, Atlanta, UK, Capetown S.A., and Johannesburg S.A.
●Managed projects to install and reconfigure all collocation sites and build out new sites in Atlanta and the NAP of Americas in Miami.
●Performed inter-op testing with all new carrier additions. Amended context in sip.conf on Asterisk boxes to match codecs that the carrier could provide. Tested for quality and latency.
●Configured dial-peers and translation-rules on Cisco gateways to route numbers to the appropriate gateways worldwide.
●Configured VMs for our hosted Asterisk 1.6.2 solution.
●Created professional service agreements for maintenance on customer premise equipment.
●Monitored Solarwinds for latencies in the collocation sites in South Africa.
●Certified as a Patton Smartnode Specialist in Gaithersburg, MD.
Jan 09-Jul09

Wimax Technician, Clear Wireless

●Built and maintained 53 of the 458 sites in Atlanta.
●Performed spectrum analysis and site surveys on each tower and uploaded performance reports.
●Performed “punchwalks” to verify completion and compliance of cell tower crew work for final sign off.
●Acted as Sales Engineer for the Atlanta General Manager, Mark Braddock. Presented the “Clear” alternative to several businesses as well as the Sandy Springs Police Department
●Certified to climb cell towers and performed downtilts on TMobile Amplifiers.(TMUs)

Dec07 - Jan09
Associate Engineer, Shelton-Johns

●Installed Polycom phones and administered FreePBX and Switchvox Asterisk installations.
●Used “MAN” commands and “VI” to amend scripts and configurations for devices attached to the servers.
●Setup inbound routes, IVR’s, Follow-me, Time Conditions, and moves/adds/changes for users.
●Installed fiber to connect Metro E and configured wireless microwave bridges.
●Configured VLANS and routed traffic via Cisco switches and a 6509 around the Life University Campus to service 450 phones.
●Contributed to the build out of two cabinets at our hosting sites located at 1033 Jefferson and 56 Marietta, also known as TelX.
●Installed Foundry voice routers.

San Diego Mesa College Business Administration 1993-1997

United States Navy Chicago/Scotland/San Diego, CA
Highest Rank : E-4 Electrician’s Mate Third Class
Nuclear Propulsion Specialist
Basic Electricity and Electronic School
Electricians Mate “A” School
Selected for B.O.O.S.T. (Broadened Opportunity for Officer Selection and Training) 3.25 GPA

Interests:
Spending as much time as possible with my sons.
Taking my Seadoos out on Lake Allatoona with my family.
Watching football and the Braves in the fall.
Spending time with my wife as she watches her cooking shows.
Contact this candidate