Objective
To obtain a position with a technology company that has a vision and reputation for technological excellence. A company that challenges the employees while developing new services and products for the business and services it provides.
Experience
Cadence Bank – Sr. Network Engineer 04/23 – Present
Implemented Cisco Expressways for MRA (mobility and remote access) devices to have access to the corporate VoIP infrastructure. Upgraded Expressways to circumvent vulnerabilities based on PSIRT requirements before going into production.
Completed an equipment refresh for the HQ building in Tupelo MS replacing all of the access switches on every floor. Tested and verified wireless, voice and network access to ensure the integrity of the network as well as clearing any alarms detected by the NMC.
Completed 2nd quarter requirements on voice and data systems in preparation for departmental audits.
Participated in POC (proof of concept) with Cisco Webex Calling portal associated devices..
Troubleshoot field sites that may have conferencing, mismatch codecs or translation issues. Run various debug commands to resolve call processing issues that aid in determining carrier or customer failures. Diagnose VoIP and POTS disl-peers, call legs and legacy phone switch connectivity provisioned with ISDN PRI or T1 CAS circuits.

Wells Fargo Bank – Sr. Network Engineer 10/14 – 03/23
Extensive work efforts in Cisco Call Manager, Unity & Emergency Responder migrating sites from TDM to Cisco VoIP and between Cisco VoIP clusters. Configuring CTI Route Points for Genesys T-Servers for Call Center Clusters, configuring NICE Recording to suffice corporate standards and policies. Using export/import and BAT (bulk admin tool) for existing Cisco site moves, updates and migrations
Upgraded Cisco Voice Platforms from legacy MCS Servers to UCS Servers to VM farms. Upgraded OS’s from 8x to 12.5 over the last 9 years and was preparing to upgrade to 14.x once it was certified in the UCTE Lab.
Configured H323 & MGCP voice gateways in CUCM as well as the edge routers for inbound and outbound call processing. Configured VoIP & POTS dial-peers on edge routers, run debug commands and used loges to determine faults when bringing up new sites for Call Manageer.
Use CLI and RTMT to ensure databases are synchronized, phone registration and call flows are working as designed. Work with Cisco TAC on many occasions to ensure proper configuration and product support for implementations as needed.
The direction is to incorporate a cloud base solution for voice, therefore planning and staging efforts are underway. Recently I’ve completed the AZ900 Certification in preparation for the new VoIP model the company desires.

Randstad Technologies (Wells Fargo Contract) – Voice Engineer 4/14 – 10/14
Migration of Avaya TDM to Cisco VoIP project, which entails evaluating and inventory of existing voice services and PSTN connectivity then providing a solution for migration to Cisco VoIP.
Upgrading CUCM Clusters from 8.x to 9.x, managing licenses for CUCM Clusters before and after software upgrades. Provide Tier 3 support for Technical Project Team and Network Engineers during voice router upgrades. Refine dial-peers in gateway configuration so that call legs will perform efficiently.
Track circuit inventory to ensure accurate billing for sites, perform monthly and quarterly security activities on CUCM and CUC Clusters to prevent unauthorized activity and access.

Compucom (Mercedes Benz Contract) – Network Analyst 1/14 – 4/14
Stage, configure and deploy network infrastructure equipment for the automation and administration network at MBUSI. The wireless and wired network elements consist of Cisco and Nexus devices ranging from 2900 series to 6000 series devices. Support the OSPF backbone for the campus.
Use applications to manage incident, problem and change request in order to minimize down time of plant operation. Ability to respond promptly with a sense on urgency while maintaining clear thought process.
Use CA Spectrum for network management of the infrastructure elements for trending, tracking and reporting information required by management.

Ascension Health Information Systems, Network Technician 9/13 – 11/13
Providing technical support for LAN/WAN implementation for multi-site topology using Nexus 7k, 5k and 2K hardware platforms. Creating change management orders to introduce changes for network upgrades, following up with resolution management.
Keep sharepoint documentation current and accurate upon changes to the network, documents included Visio drawings, site inventory and alarm elements.
Using Network Management tools such as HPNA and Infoblox to manage network elements and topology changes.

BatteryCorp Inc (AT&T Contract) – Field Technician 7/13 – 9/13
Work with Program Managers and Technicians to develop appropriate MOPs for work to be performed at AT&T Cell Sites.
Perform battery testing, site audits and equipment installations at cell sites with limited supervision.
Implement battery and DC power plant installations to support GSM and UMTS equipment per MOP and provide as-built documentation per site.
Read and interpret equipment manuals, wiring diagrams, schematics for accurate plant operations, test and verify alarms then reporting status to the NOC.

Verizon Wireless, Systems Technician 7/12 – 7/13
Perform upgrades and changes to PDSN and EPC infrastructure components. Work with VZW NOC members and vendors reviewing method of procedures for implementing new and existing equipment, configurations and changes to the EVDO and LTE infrastructure.
Responsible for real time communication with the VZW NOC for advanced installation, operation, and maintenance of the regional data network elements, ensuring network integrity and quality. These networks include, but are not limited to Ericsson LTE elements, routers, multilayer switches, MSPP, Ethernet and Ethernet backhaul.
Other responsibilities include troubleshooting LAN/WAN topologies within the CAR/TN COIN, upgrading, administering these platforms and multiple vendor systems, maintaining system, element and platform applications, and providing support to a varied user community, updating daily logs with site-specific information, and composing clear, concise reports for system documentation. Attending meetings daily to update the NOC, IMS Core and RCA management team.
El Paso Corp, Network Technologist 12/01 – 7/2012
nFacilitated and implemented the relocation of Southern Natural Gas Corporation telecommunications in 2007. Installation entailed migrating from Lucent/Avaya TDM to Cisco Call Manager VoIP, ordering telecom circuits for both voice and data, provisioning and configuring Cisco routers, switches and wireless access points. This provisioned allowed 400 users to move from the old HQ to our new HQ without any down time for our voice and IP Network including the SCADA which is managed by Gas Control.
nUpgraded CUCM and Unity Connection from version 4 to version 7 in preparation to migrate 15 field offices from Nortel Key and Option 11 systems to Cisco VoIP using Cisco 2900 series ISR’s. and 7900 series phones. Provision POTS Lines and ISDN voice circuits with service providers to support Cisco SRST technology. Configured VoIP and Pots dial-peers for inbound and outbound calling on edge routers. Worked with Telco LEC’s and CLEC’ provisioning new voce circuits as wells as working trouble tickets with various Telco carriers.
nMaintained a CUCM cluster of 4 nodes, 1 Publisher and 3 Subscribers as well as 2 Unity Connection Servers for Voice Mail. Deployed Cisco IP Communicator to select group of users and departments to support business needs. Also implemented and managed the Wireless VoIP services used with Cisco WLC and LWAP’s for the Cisco 7921 wireless phones.
nSupport the telecommunications on the eastern pipeline that includes over 90 T1’s, three DS3’s which traverse our AT&T customer managed OC-12 smart ring. Troubleshoot LAN/WAN topologies across the southeast region. Maintain and support Tandberg Video Conferencing Units, manage network devices with Cisco Configuration Manager and Soloarwinds provided by the Network Control Center
nDeployed Juniper Firewalls to all of the Natural Gas Compressor Stations in order to separate mission critical automation data from corporate data, voice and video.
BellSouth Telecommunications, Communications Analyst 6/99 – 12/2001
nCoordinate with internal technical solution managers and physical planners to implement work orders for the scalable growth of the network. Oversee the integrity of installations and maintenance performed by on-site technicians. Provide training to technicians, write procedures and create drawings of network topologies.

Education
Jefferson State Community College 8/04 – 5/2006
Associate Degree in Computer Science
Certifications
CCNA Voice, Router & Switch, CCDA, ITIL Foundation, CompTIA Network+, Azure 900, MCSE NT4.0
Skills
Hardware: Cisco routers, switches and wireless infrastructure devices. Adtran multiplexors and CSU’s, 3-Com, Juniper Firewalls.
Telecom: Frame-Relay, ATM, ISDN, ATM and SONet, MPLS, LTE & 5G, Switched Ethernet, routing protocols, and broadband services
Software & Apps: Microsoft Windows. MS Teams, MS Office, Visio, MacOS, Solarwinds, HP-Openview, Service Now, Remedy, Cisco Prime License Manager, VM Ware and V-Sphere, TMS (Tandberg), HPNA, NSM (Juniper) RTT(Real Time Tool) and Auto Test for LTE & EVDO Performance Stats. RTMT for Cisco Call Manager monitoring and status.
Contact this candidate