Contact
Phone
+91-901*******
Expertise
Language
English
Hindi
Punjabi
Education
Experience
ad5ncp@r.postjobfree.com
****/* ** * ****** nagar Gurgaon
"Results-driven network engineer with expertise in designing, implementing, and maintaining scalable networks. Proven troubleshooting skills and commitment to optimizing performance and security."
Managing the escalations by directly coordinating with the client. Training the new teammates on technical aspects of our project. Providing voice support to Australian and New Zealand clients.
Assisting L1s with general networking issues related to slow internet, traffic analysis & VLAN Mgmt.
Troubleshooting of
peripherals.
NOC monitoring of LAN for all the stores. - Ensuring all alerts are acknowledged and escalated
(if needed) promptly.
Logging/tracking the incidents via ticketing tool and taking the ownership of incidents. Coordinating with the 3rd party vendors for the faulty equipment. Preparing daily trackers and following up with the clients until the problem does not gets resolved
technical issues related to Network, Server, VMware, and other Working in Cisco Services Now, Salesforce portal to accept the tickets and Giving on-time technical support over Cisco WebEx within SLA.
Working in VPN team with S2S, Remote, policy and route based, cisco anyconnect VPN and vulnerability issues.
Switching configuration- VLANS, Trunks, Ether-channels, booting issues, and booting issue SNMP configurations and troubleshooting, On-prem & Prime infrastructure server support, IOS level troubleshooting of the nexus switches and replacement, Knowledge of Linux. Working on Cisco ASA firewalls troubleshooting and configuration assistance to our customers. AAA server basic configuration and troubleshooting at the access and authorization level. Helping Cisco field engineers during the change management process of the faulty devices and reconfiguration of the new ones.
Router switches and ASA field notice and Bug isolation. Provide training to the new joining and train them for case picking. Ensuring to meet the process targets like CSAT, effectiveness, effort, and Emotion. Conducting case reviews and sharing the feedback with employees. Email
Address
Naveen Kumar
C i s c o C e r t i f i e d N e t w o r k E n g i n e e r Helpdesk level 2
Network Specialist
Btech: Electronics and communication
engineering
Feb 16, 2016 – July 13, 2018
1ICT India Pvt. Ltd.
July 16, 2018 – Present
Capgemini Technologies l Tikri, Sector 48, Gurugram Kurukshetra University
2008
Inter schooling
Govt Model Sr sec school Sirsa
2009-2013
CCNA/CCNP
VPN technology
IOS testing and troubleshooting
Switching, Hardware troubleshooting.
Linux
SNMP,NAT,PAT,Fiewall,
Previous Employer:
Date of Birth : 02nd August 1990
Gender : Male
Marital Status : Married
Languages Known : English, Hindi, Punjabi
Nationality : Indian
Interests : Traveling, listening to songs, and playing badminton. 10 May 2024
I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I will be responsible for any discrepancies.
Role – Testing and Troubleshooting engineer. Project Details: Telstra (ISP in AUS) Who was on-site project handler of this project with the help of our 1ict Pvt. Ltd. upgraded 1100 Dominos store’s network in Australia. In this installation, we have upgraded the Routers from 800 cisco to cisco 1941 series and also upgraded old telephone line with new IP phone of Polycom brand including Netgear, HP, Cisco Meraki switches. Here we have DATA and Voice VLAN on our network. Also, a standby LTE network has given to store as a cellular interface. I used to change our private IP address according to the store on the router and create both VLANS on the router. Also dealing with access and trunk ports for both VLANs
Declaration:
Personal Detail:
Project Dominos ANZ store upgradation
Place Date
Hobbies
Virtualization of images.
Playing badminton.
Listening to music.
Gurugram
Contact this candidate