Experience with SDWAN configuration and management on 8200,8300,1000,2000 and 5000 series devices.
Configuring Device and Feature Templates on Cisco Vmange for c-Edge and v-Edge Devices for Cisco Viptella
Implementation and Support Go-live of remote sites based on logical/physical diagrams for remote sites.
Work closely with ISP in activating new internet and MPLS links, document circuit ID’s, and other details of the WAN links on SharePoint
Hands on Experience on Infoblox tools. DNS and DHCP and allocating IP ranges on Infoblox. Implementing IP addressing schemes, LAN/WAN protocols, IP Services, to meet network requirements in different environments.
Configured OSPF, BGP routing protocols and performed redistribution of the routes
Major contributor included IOS upgrade for switches, routers, Firewalls and Load Balancers troubleshooting of complex LAN/WAN infrastructure, configuring firewall, monitoring traffic using Wireshark.
Configured and managed Cisco Airenet access points (2800,9130) and Wireless controllers (5520 and 9800)
Perform wireless site survey on Ekahau and configure 9800 wireless controllers and Infoblox to support wireless (802.11x/802.11ac) over Flex Connect
Provided Tier 3 support of network environments, troubleshooting and network maintenance.
Configured and managed Cisco Digital Network Architecture (DNAC) for centralized network automation, assurance, and policy management.
Configured Day-0 and Day-N Templates on network automation, Assurance and perform day to day Troubleshoot on DNAC
Configuration DNA Center and integrate to DNA-Spaces, Wireless controller, and ISE
Provided technical support and troubleshooting assistance to resolve network-related incidents promptly, minimizing downtime.
Experience with Cisco Secure Workload (Tetration) Tool, creating Application Scopes, ADM run and configuring security policies to enable Micro segmentation on all tier1/2/3 applications.
Sr. Network Engineer Deloitte, TX
May 2022-Present
JOB EXPERIENCE
SRAVYA REDDY
NETWORK ENGINEER
Telephone: 945-***-****
Email: ad5oc0@r.postjobfree.com
NETWORKING SKILLS
Configuration, Maintenance and Troubleshooting experience on LAN and WAN
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Cisco certified network engineer with 3 years of hands-on experience in network engineering, troubleshooting Layer 1 to Layer 7 issues, configuring, and maintaining complex LAN and WAN networks, installation, and maintenance of routing, switching, security and load balancer networks.
Expertise in networking concepts, TCP/IP protocol, and network security.
Experience in implementing network security using NAT, PAT, ACL, IDS, IPS and ASA firewalls.
Knowledge on ASA and PALOALTO firewalls setup and administration, configuring VPN, NAT, PAT, ACL, security context on firewalls.
Knowledge in implementation, troubleshooting and documentation of LAN/WAN, wireless, VoIP, troubleshooting switching and routing protocols.
Possesses excellent communication skills and working fast-paced, deadline-oriented environments. Good knowledge on python, C++programming
Network Engineer Wipro, India
July 2016-Sep 2021
Good Knowledge on SDWAN Routers, PALO ALTO/ASA Firewalls, Wireless Controllers, and F5 Load balancers
Experience in OSPF, EIGRP, BGP, OMP, IPSEC Routing Protocols
Experience in Network design, site implementation and configuration.
Strong knowledge on LAN switching technologies such as vPC, vDC, FEX, VRF, DHCP, VSS, LDP, VLAN, VxLAN, MPLS, 802.1q, 802.3ad, 802.1d, 802.1w, 802.1s, HSRP, VTP, STP, FCoE, QoS, and OTV, on Cisco nexus device.
Experience with Cisco DNA center and Secure workload protection tools
Strong understanding and hand-on experience on switching, routing, security and protocols HSRP, SVI, BGP, EIGRP, OSPF, MPLS, VPN
Implementing AAA architecture with TACACS+ protocols
Experience in Network troubleshooting and vendor management
Working on Network related issue tickets including outages, Priority 1 and 2 tickets. Service requests in service now and Working On-Call shift rotation.
Responsible for implementing, supporting, and maintaining 24x7 network services.
Analyzing new network requirements, deployments, augmentations, bandwidth upgrades and software upgrades
Implemented routing and switching solutions utilizing protocols such as OSPF, BGP, and EIGRP to optimize network performance and scalability.
Configured VLANs, trunking, and spanning tree protocols (STP, RSTP, MSTP) to ensure efficient traffic flow and network redundancy.
Deployed Quality of Service (QoS) policies to prioritize critical network traffic and ensure optimal application performance.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to develop network design proposals, considering factors such as traffic patterns, application requirements, and growth projections.
Implemented redundancy and failover mechanisms, including link aggregation (LACP), and Hot Standby Router Protocol (HSRP), to ensure high availability.
Implemented Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) for external routing, establishing and maintaining peering relationships with Internet Service Providers (ISPs) and other autonomous systems.
Configured OSPF, BGP routing protocols and performed redistribution of the routes
Installing, configuring, and troubleshooting Cisco catalyst 3800 and 4500 series switches and Nexus 7K,5K, 2K, ASR, ISR routers and multi-context ASA firewalls
Configuring, troubleshoot and support WAN arena and reengineering using MPLS, OSPF, EIGRP, BGP, DMVPN, NetFlow, ACL, NAT/PAT protocols and IP-Readdressing on routers and firewalls.
Analyzing new network requirements, deployments, augmentations, bandwidth upgrades and software upgrades
Implemented Static, Multicast, EIGRP, vDC, vPC, FEX, VSS, QOS, Nexus 7k,5k,2k and 4500 series switches
Configured SITE-SITE VPN TUNNELS and DMVPN’s
Deploying ISE Wired and Wireless (WLC) Authentication, Authorization and Accounting.
EDUCATION
Master of Science: Computer science, 2021-2024
Westcliff University – California
Bachelor: Electrical and Electronics- JNTU-H, India
CERTIFICATIONS
Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA Routing and switching)
Certification of completion -Udemy Python Programming
Contact this candidate