Eric R. McGregor
WIRELESS TRANSPORT ENGINEER
ad5qse@r.postjobfree.com
• LinkedIn
Qualifications Summary
Versatile and results-driven professional with expertise in all facets of wireless network engineering, full life cycle project execution, tactical implementation, configuration, testing, validation, and troubleshooting. Exceptionally adept in crafting innovative solutions that optimize processes, workflow, and profitability. Articulate communicator and champion of cross-functional teams. Technically sophisticated across industry best practice tools, systems, and software. Quick mastery of new information, procedures, and emerging technology. Distinguished U.S. Army veteran with conversational language proficiency in German and Japanese.
Career Experience

Detail Engineer III, Insight Global / Verizon Business

02/2024 – Present

Contracted to VZB: Manage PEC/iSPEC, pre/post walk telecom order and deliveries. Canvas IEN provisioning for urgent material requests when capacity is at issue.
Nationwide remote project management, configuration, commissioning and rip.

GTA Telecom – Network Engineer

06/2021- 01/2024

Contracted to T-Mobile: MIT-BH Magenta Integration Team Back Haul – 1 Gig to 10 Gig OTN backhaul upgrades, multi-vender router environment (5G-UC). Coordinated chassis swaps, eSRAN, Cisco 7705 router configurations. Nokia and Ericsson base stations. SAS-MXP to iXRE routers.

CBCH Decom team. Decommissioning Legacy Sprint routers for T-Mobile Mobility.
Verify network configurations against multiple data bases, Sprint Vision, Cisco Prime, NIMS Ericsson Adaptive Inventory, Netcool, MS Share Point.
Verify transport connectivity: Lit Fiber, Dark Fiber, Microwave, Direct-Connect, ToSB.
LEC coordination’s for hot swaps and Decommissioning.
Decom Cisco ASR 920/901, SAR 7705, SP-210/310.

AT&T MOBILITY – Dallas, TX 3/2011 – 7/2020
Senior Specialist – Wireless Translations Engineer
Spearheaded complex translations and provisioning for all of the ATT wireless networks and platforms. Conducted pre and post change checks of all systems, including system health checks. Wrote, authenticated, and executed scripts. Loaded scripts for translation, streamlining new processes, product implementation, IP Data base verification, live network provisioning, and testing. VISO HLD/LLD network diagrams and documentation.
●Cross trained for network launch of the 35-member 5G deployment team.
●Executed the Vyetta White Box roll out, cutovers, and backhaul integrations.
●Recipient of the Network Provisioning Badge of Honor, NPPA 3-Star Award.
●Performed more than 350 conversions, 1000s of integrations, countless configurations, and project initiatives worth over 10s of millions of dollars annually. Pearl, Python scripting. vRAN and Cloud virtualization.
●Router/Switch CPE integrations on transport network for wireless cell infrastructure – Nokia (ALU), Ericsson, and Samsung networks.
●Direct LEC/CLEC communication, trouble creation and resolution end to end.
●METRO ethernet, metro expansion, POC, OLT, BGP, MPLS, Fiber to the prim, deployment and configuration.
LEMCON NETWORKS / NOKIA SIEMENS (NSN) – Irving, TX 2/2010 – 3/2011
RIC Network Engineer / Wireless Integration Trainer
Served in multiple leadership roles to ensure technical migrations, implementations, and upgrades. Performed KPI analysis and Wireshark protocol capturing.
●LightSquared Documentation Lead for the initial Fiber Back Haul SAQ/NOC.
●Facilitated training 25 new LightSquared site acquisition staff.
●Directed the IuR/IuPS upgrades for the T-Mobile CORE RNC ATM to IP migration.

ROYAL RESTORATIONS, LLC – Coppell, TX 1/2009 – 2/2010
Field Manager / IT Support
Streamlined design, development, and delivery of custom computer systems for both office and personal use during Hurricane Rita.
●Maintained a client portfolio of worth 4 million in revenue.
●Helmed management of company domains, websites, and databases.
T-MOBILE – Dallas, TX 6/2000 – 12/2008
Network OPS Technician
Drove network support for the CORE Nortel GSM, Nokia RNC, WCDMA, LTE, and wireless cell elements. Expert on multiple topologies, testing, script file generation, switches, cooling systems, circuit database management, Granite, and documentation. Proficient in MTSO switching office and functions, rectifiers, DC power, standby batteries, emergency generators, and fault-tolerant server racks. Legacy wireline, ds0 to T-3 testing and configuration. Optical transport OC12 to OC 128 Testing, turnup and configuration.
●Built out the NETOPS Launch team for Voicestream Wireless (2000-2002).
●Instrumental member of the Hurricane Katrina Disaster Recovery Team.
●Trusted advisor on high-level outages and customer ticket troubleshooting.
●Delivered the Nortel BSS new site implementation on Solaris servers.

US ARMY – Germany/ El Paso 11/1984 – 12/1988
MANPADS Crew Chief, Stinger Missile, Air Defense Artillery
Areas of Expertise
Wireless Network Engineering
Transport & Mobility Engineering
Technical Direction & Integration
Cross-Functional Team Leadership
Supervision / Training / Mentoring
Technical Troubleshooting, KPIs
Issue Identification & Resolution
Full Life Cycle Project Management
OSS EMS Configuration Management
Operations Analysis & Optimization
Education
Technical Associates Degree
Jewelry Design & Manufacturing
Texas Institute of Jewelry Technology
Certifications
Certified Network Associate (CCNA)
Cisco
IoT 101 - 103 Certification
AT&T University

Professional Training
ATO Leadership
Transformation Program
AT&T University
Leadership Summit
Virtual Management Summit
AT&T University
Technical Proficiencies
IP Networking, API, Big Data Bronze
Cloud, IoT, Open Source, EPC
Linux, Kubernetes, cRAN vRAN
Machine Learning & AI
Scripts / Validation / Testing
Software Defined Network (SDN)
Network Function Visualization (NFV)
Contact this candidate