FAITH NKRUMAH
KANSAS CITY, MO ***** 816-***-****
ad5wa4@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Summary
Dedicated, detail oriented a resourceful Project Manager with combined technical years of expertise in organizing business operations, financial oversight and resource management to achieve smooth flow and project operations. Leads procurement of resources including equipment and supplies. Monitors projects by adhering to production schedule and budget, managing production team, identifying problems and providing targeted solutions. Knowledgeable in accounting principles, bookkeeping, budget and financial management. Also, Certified Network Engineer with years of experience working in enterprise environment during years' experience I have gathered Knowledge in Design, maintenance, installation, troubleshooting, documentation, configuration of various switches, routers, wireless and firewall technologies.

EDUCATION:
Park University -Kansas City Kansas City, MO
MBA, Project Management May 2024
Relevant Coursework: Business Law & Ethics, Accounting for Management, Organizational Behavior, Time and Cost Management, Human Resource and Procurement

Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology (KNUST) Kumasi, Ghana
Bachelor of Science (Hons) in Land Economy August 2020

INDUSTRIAL EXPERIENCE:

Kansas City, MO.
Technical Project Coordinator UGA Finance, April 2022- May 2024
● Managed projects from procurement to commission.
● Identified plans and resources required to meet project goals and
● objectives.
● Developed and initiated projects, managed costs, and monitored
● performance.
● Provided management for internal personnel, contractors and vendors.
● Drove team success through shared vision and recognition of quality
● performance.
● Updated operational methods, oversaw accounting procedures, tracked
● information and compiled data to improve efficiency.
● Scheduled and facilitated meetings between project stakeholders to
● discuss deliverables, schedules and conflicts.
● Reported regularly to managers on project budget, progress and
● technical problems.
● Obtained needed resources by strategically negotiating with
● stakeholders and outside suppliers.
● Enhanced project efficiency by implementing agile methodologies and
● streamlining communication channels.
● Reduced project delivery times by effectively prioritizing tasks and
● managing resources.
● Improved overall team productivity with consistent monitoring of
● progress, providing feedback, and addressing roadblocks.
● Optimized resource allocation, ensuring projects were completed within
● budget constraints.
● Developed comprehensive documentation to maintain transparency
● and facilitate stakeholder buy-in on project goals.

SIC LIFE COMPANY LIMITED Accra, Ghana
Network Administrator
Sep 2020- August 2021
• Created& maintain detailed network documentation
Responsible for network projects
Performed Cisco Routing/Switching, Network upgrades and configuration
Document accurate and detailed descriptions for all troubleshooting activity.
Performed equipment relocation, installation, expansion, connection/disconnection, upgrades, support/maintenance, and preventive maintenance of computer systems hardware, documentation, and peripheral devices.
Configured and supported end-user network connectivity including, but not limited to, wired LAN, wireless LAN.
• Coordination and supervision of artisans/office hands in the execution of minor maintenance works at the SIC Life Mall.

HERSHEYPARK ENTERTAINMENT RESORT, HERSHEY, PENNSYLVANIA
Sales Manager June 2019- Sept 2019
● Assisted in the stock-taking of food and beverage inventory daily.
● Catered to visitors ‘inquiries about the facility which included rules, policies, and promotional events.
● Maximized customer service and satisfaction by providing directions to visitors regarding requested locations, events, and landmarks.
● Provided services efficiently and with a high level of accuracy.
● Collaborated with various team members to ensure guest requests were addressed appropriately and timely.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
● Proficiency in Microsoft Word/Microsoft Excel
● Microsoft Office Suite
● 90 WPM Typing Speed
● Adaptability

CERTIFICATIONS
PMP - Project Management
Professional
CAPM - Certified Associate in Project Management
Azure
AutoCAD
Cisco Certified Network Associate
Fortinet NSE 1-4
CompTIA Network

VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE:
● Participated in a highly impactful voluntary beach clean-up project with Greenheart Volunteer Project in Ghana in February 2020, focusing on cleaning the picturesque beach behind Independence Square in Accra.
● In addition to physically contributing to the clean-up efforts, generously donated various essential items including clothing, nourishing food, hygienic toiletries, and necessary stationeries to support the less fortunate at CHERUBS CHARITY HOME in the Ashanti Region. Fulfilled a valuable role by educating rural communities on the importance of their health and environmental protection.
Contact this candidate