NOREEN HAIDER
**** ******** ***** **
Centreville Virginia 20120 Cell: 703-***-****
Email:ad5xy1@r.postjobfree.com

Twenty-five years of experience in the Telecommunication and IT industry, ensuring projects meet defined business needs and priorities using PMI best practices. In-depth experience with Enterprise-scaled implementation of projects for Federal agencies and Enterprise customers in network data services. Excellent communicator, leverage technical, business, and financial acumen to communicate effectively with client executives and their respective teams

Project Manager - successfully lead all phases of diverse technology projects
Network Engineer - providing solutions for customers in a technical environment
Business Strategist - plan and manage multimillion-dollar projects aligning business goals with technology solutions to drive process improvements, competitive advantage, and bottom-line gains
Skills Summary
Project Management:
Custom Software Development
Network & Systems Engineering
System Migrations/Integrations
Enterprise-Wide Implementations
IT Project Lifecycle:
Requirements Analysis
Costing & Budgeting
Project Scheduling
Testing/QA/Rollout/Support
Value-Added Leadership:
Cross-Functional Supervision
Team Building & Mentoring
Client Relations & Presentations
Business & IT Planning
Vendor Management

EXPERIENCE:

SES Networks
9/22 – Present
Responsibilities include managing product-related projects, expectations, and stakeholders and effectively communicating project status, milestones, and unexpected difficulties. Ensuring that all project team members understand and accept the project goals. Independently manages the team assigned to the projects.

Utilized Agile Scrum practices. Coordinate sprints, retrospective meetings, and daily stand-ups. Work with product owners to handle backlogs and new requests. Ensure deliverables are up to quality standards at the end of each sprint. Help teams implement changes effectively.

Verizon Enterprise Solutions
8/19 – 8/22
Lead Project Manager
Responsible for project planning, estimating, tracking, and program management for implementing projects and change requests that utilize the corporate Enterprise environment. Provide accurate and timely reporting to senior management, including status, project metrics, resource allocation, and risk mitigation. Chair efficient and effective meetings, extracting information and driving agenda. Maintain project tracking repositories.

Provides Lead PM support or tower lead support for Medium to Large complex projects. Acts as primary customer interface by facilitating team meetings, including tracking and managing action items to meet client deliverables and distributing regular status reports to stakeholders. Develops project plans that include resource, time, and budget estimates for all project phases and milestones for internal and external parties. Achieved objectives related to specific program tasks, projects, or initiatives. Manage day-to-day client interaction and expectations for multiple or large-scale projects. Continually seek and capitalize upon opportunities to increase customer satisfaction and deepen client relationships.

DISYS Solutions, Inc.
09/17- 03/18

Project Manager
Facilitated the definition of project missions, goals, tasks, and resource requirements, resolved or assisted in the resolution of conflicts within and between projects or functional areas, develops methods to monitor project or area progress and provides corrective supervision if necessary. Responsible for assembling the project staff, for their technical or functional development and performance. Worked with multiple teams to analyze, document, and drive project plans through to the completion of large enterprise infrastructure upgrades and migrations. Manages projects within the IT Infrastructure space (server, operating systems, virtualization, security, wireless, voice/collaboration, and routing and switch). Managed resource utilization and allocation to ensure all project resources were assigned to the appropriate skill sets and capacity to deliver a quality product. Work cross-functionally to solve problems and implement changes. Developed and maintained relationships with key customers.

NetServices – USGS
10/12 - 7/17

Project Manager
Responsible for project planning, estimating, tracking, and portfolio management, implementing projects and change requests that utilize the corporate SharePoint environment. Provide accurate and timely reporting to senior management, including status, project metrics, resource allocation, and risk mitigation—chair efficient and effective meetings, extract information and drive agenda. Maintain project tracking repositories. Project Management responsibilities include Project, Initiation, Planning, Execution, Monitoring, and Closure. Managed Data Center upgrade, Software development, development of share Point applications, and VMware server Installation.

Sprint
1/99 - 6/12

Implementation Project Manager
Served as a single point of contact to large enterprise government customers with complete ownership and accountability for matrix management of the customer lifecycle, from customer acquisition through billing activation across the product portfolio. Provided facilitative leadership to a diverse team responsible for designing, engineering, and implementing highly complex integrated product/network solutions. Worked with customers, outside vendors, sales, and network teams to create solutions for the customer's changing requirements using Cisco products.

Network Engineer
Complete task requests by the customer via Network Change Requests (NCR) daily in a busy environment. Troubleshoot console modem problems and resolve ISDN dial backup issues. ISDN assistance involves BRI, PRI, and ISU 128 hardware with Cisco configuration dial-up and IP dial-up features. Troubleshooting all aspects of Physical, Data Link, and Network Layer issues. Provide design and analysis services to the Managed Router Services Group. Analyzed bandwidth requirements, upgraded circuits, and approved and matched router hardware equipment to Sprint standards recommended IOS and router equipment.

Certifications:
ITIL, ServiceNow (Kaiser Permanente)

EDUCATION:
Computer Learning Center: Diploma, Network Engineering, and Management. Graduated with Honors.
BS in Economics, Bahauddin Zakariya University.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
Department of the Interior Department of Justice (Not active)
Contact this candidate