SALAM MOHAMMED ad5y04@r.postjobfree.com
847-***-**** ***5 Higgins Qtrs Dr # 106, Hoffman Estates, IL 60169
Cisco Network Engineer / Cisco System Voice Engineer Cisco ID: CSCO12174527
CCNP VOICE, CCNA, CCNA VOICE, 3COM, COMPAQ, DELL, A +, Network + and Security +
16+ Years of experience in Information Technology as Cisco Certified Consultant, Systems Engineer, Technical Support and Voice Support.
Resourceful and innovative in problem-solving, Able to troubleshoot and resolve disputes, Strong prioritization, delegation and planning skills.
An extremely driven Cisco UC Engineer and and other Cisco certifications experienced in delivering IP and voice networks.
Believes in successful delivery of projects through thorough planning, exceptional organization and excellent communication with clients and colleagues.
Earlier completed one of the largest Cisco IP Telephony project with State Farm Insurance. Deployed 250,000 endpoints and 19,500 agent offices with design including a total of 35+ CUCM clusters and 30+ CUC clusters. The overall VoIP solutions included CUCM 8.5, CUC 9.x,12.5 CUSP, SIP Voice Gateways, and UCCE 8.5. Cisco Unified Communication Capabilities:
Cisco Unified Communications Manager (CUCM) v. 5.x, 6.x, 7.x & 8.0. 9.x, 11.5,12.x
Cisco Unified Communications Manager Express (CUCME) Version 7, 8, 10, 11,12.x
Cisco Unity Connection (CUC) 11.5, 12.5
Cisco Unified Proxy Server (CUSP)
Cisco Unified Communications Integration for Microsoft Office Communicator (CUCIMOC) (Lync)
Cisco Unity Express - Support
Cisco WebEx Connect IM (Instant messaging (IM), Audio, Voice over IP (VoIP), Video, Integrated web conferencing)
Experience designing and implementing complex, multisite voice deployments.
Expertise with communications protocols such as H323 / SIP / MGCP / SCCP.
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Cisco ISR-Routers – Voice Gateways – Analog Gateways
Cisco IM&P Servers.
Cisco IT Support:
Hands-on experience in configuration and setting up of Cisco routers and switches to perform functions at the Access, Distribution, and Core layers.
Responsible for Customer support in Break/Fix situations, accomplishing goals regarding Advanced Voice and Data Technologies.
Performed tasks associated with evaluation, design, installation, configuration, upgrades, testing, documentation and expansion for voice/data technologies.
Improved client satisfaction by troubleshooting and resolving VOIP issues which consisted of various versions of Call Manager, Unity, gateways and switches.
Troubleshot and solved customer ticket requests such as dialing/routing issues, name/extensions changes, voicemail password resets, and CCM user issues.
Integration and configuration of Cisco UNITY Voice Mail System with Cisco Unified Communication Manager and Cisco CUE with CME.
Implementing and troubleshooting VOIP / IPT networks.
Deployment and management of Cisco Unified Communication Manager.
Building scalable dial plans for enterprise and large Scale businesses.
Configuring and Troubleshooting Dial Peers on 26XX, 28XX, 29XX and 38XX Routers.
Installation and configuration of Cisco call manager 4.1, 6.0 and 7.0.
Configuration of call signaling protocols H.323, SIP, MGCP, SCCP.
Configuring Voice gateways, Gatekeepers, inter-cluster trunks, SRST.
Installing and configuring Cisco IP phones.
Configure Cisco Call Manager and CME to enable features and services to include music-on hold, speed dials, Call Park, Call Pickup and Paging.
Configuration of Voice Interfaces like FXS, FXO, ISDN T1/E1 PRI.
Installation, Management and Monitoring of Call manager cluster.
Configuring call manger features and services.
Configuration of SRST (Survivable Remote Site Telephone).
Maintenance and Troubleshooting of Voice over IP service lines and Equipment. Professional Experience:
Capgemini Consultant for State Farm Insurance Co Remote Network Analyst Bloomington, IL November 2014 ~ January 2024
Network Support for State Farm Insurance Companies Agent office over 19,000+ Cisco Routers and Switches.
Troubleshoot Multi T1 Circuit, Single T1 Circuit, Metro Ethernet Circuits and Pots line, PRI ISDN T1 Voice.
Manage Cisco Router 2911, internal Switch Module 2916, 3560 Catalyst Switches 24 ports.
Work with Onsite Vendor Tech’s and Local Phone Company’s Tech’s Troubleshooting Data Circuit / Voice lines stated above and Install Cradle point Backup Modem.
Work with Agent with Office Staff and Vendor Tech’s with Troubleshooting Cisco VOIP Phones 7962, 7975,8851 Expansion Modules, Cisco Routers 2911 and Build in Switch Module issues.
Troubleshoot Issues with Cisco Call Manager V9.1.x,11,12 / Cisco Unity v10.5.2,11,12 / Reset VM Passwords and make changes to restore user Functionality.
Training / assist peers with troubleshooting issues with Data / Voice / Installation of Newer Backup Modem.
SD_WAN Network troubleshooting. VIPTELA, VELACLOUD, AT&T Juniper Networks.
Configure and troubleshoot Cisco Jabber Softphone. CuciLync.
Solved Problems using RTMT Traces, Ngenius, Splunk Queries.
Upgraded State Farm Insurance with 19,500+ agent offices nationwide and operations center with over 250,000 endpoints from Avaya PBX to Cisco UC deployment. Design included a total of 35+ UC Mega clusters.
AllState/eSurance Insurance Companies Technical Support Analyst Northbrook, IL July 2012 ~ Apr 2014
.
Unified Communication support of PILOT PROJECT test bed.
Configuration, maintenance and troubleshooting of CUCM 8.5 and 8.6 SU4 Platforms.
Worked on Voice gateways and signaling protocols: MGCP, SIP, H.323, SCCP, digital PRI/T1, Analog FXO/FXS
Implemented SRST and other backup route procedures for catastrophe management.
Assess existing network security infrastructure and advise on legal (PCI – Payment Card Industry) requirements for VoIP traffic.
Implementing structured central repository for log collection using SPLUNK for all network platforms including
Avaya, Nortel, Cisco, IBM with Indexing and Retention policies.
Create test bed for All State Unified Communication testing infrastructure based on Cisco platforms
Test environment installation of Cisco Core, Distribution layer Routers / Switching / Cisco Call Manager 8.6 PBX / CUC 9.0 / ELM
Create Test templates for Pilot site (FO) Field Office for first installs of pilot site equipped with Cisco 7962 and 7975 phones and Cisco UC.
Documentation of transition plans from legacy (Nortel) to UC infrastructure for deployment.
Analysis of multiple Local/LD vendors for PRI/SIP trunks and managed services.
Establishing guidelines on Dial Plans, CDR Reporting, and Accessibility etc.
Worked on creating design for VoIP portal for click to call agents using eSurance Mobile App / Online quote services. MOTOROLA SOLUTIONS – Network Admin Feb 2006 ~ Jun 2012 Schaumburg, IL
Responsibilities:
Designed, implemented, and troubleshot Cisco Call Manager 3.x, 4.x, 6.x, 7.x, 8.x and Unity.
Configured Cisco ISR Routers both for Data/PSTN/VoIP solutions for PRI/SIP/POTS Trunks.
Proactively monitored and managed Motorola network and VoIP systems.
Integrated VoIP solutions with existing Data and Microsoft Exchange servers.
Provisioned T1, Bandwidth allocation for calls using different Codec’s G711, G728, and G729.
Managed and troubleshot Cisco Analog and Digital Voice gateways/devices.
Implemented and verified various CUCM features and services like AAR, SRST, Call Admission Control, CSS, Partitions, Soft key template, call park, call back, shared line, Extension mobility, hunting and call coverage, call pickup, call join, direct transfer, Barge, PLAR, BAT, Cisco attendant Console, IPMA(Cisco IP Manager assistant), Group Pickup, etc.
Processed MAC requests for IP Phones, Extensions, Calling Search Space, and Partitions etc.
Designed, Configured and Installed Network/VOIP solution for remote sites small, mid-size and large.
Upgraded Cisco VoIP solutions from older versions to new ones and deployed on-site.
Installed CME / CUE and multi vendor phone systems for custom and unique sites.
Configured routers/switches/VoIP gateways/Layer 3 switches for a VoIP Network environment.
Gained a thorough understanding of Call Center environment including call routing algorithms in ACD.
Used ‘Remedy’ Call Management Software for call logging.
Configured routers for Leased line, ISDN/Frame-Relay connectivity, implementing QoS. WATERTON ASSOCIATES - Network / VoIP Support
Chicago, IL Sep 2003 ~ Jan 2006
Data LAN-WAN /VoIP/Wireless - Network Monitoring & Administration of 500+ customers in Chicago land area and tri-state.
Customers include major US corporations, governmental, municipal, educational etc.
Troubleshooting WAN circuit issues involving Frame-Relay, ATM, T1, IMA bundles, MFLR, 56K, P2P
Install, maintain, and upgrade of Cisco Call/Communications Manager software (CCM4x,5x,6x, 7x), hardware setup
(MCS 78XX) & testing, remote monitoring, and integration with other enterprise applications such as Unity, Unity Connections, Cisco Unity Express, and IPCC.
Isolate and resolve problems in CCM, CUCM, Unity, Unity Connections, Cisco Unity Express, MGCP, H.323, TCP/IP, Frame Relay, EIGRP, OSPF, and Circuits.
Trouble shoot, configure, and test Cisco routers (1700, 2600, 2800, 3600, and 7200 series) and switches (2900, 3500, and 6500).
Configure Voice gateways, correct dial-peer issues, CODEC G.711/G.729, hunt groups/lists, route patterns in CCM.
Single Point of contact for all DS0, DS1 (T1), DS3 (T3), MPLS, Frame Relay, PPP, and ATM carrier issues.
Taking mentor calls from tier 1 and assist them on technical issues, procedural, Informational and escalations.
Cisco IOS Troubleshooting with known bugs and upgrade on Cisco devices
Dedicated Engineer for Best Buy VoIP issues.
Extensive usage of VMware to replicate customer issues relating VoIP CCM etc. U.S NAVY VETERAN – (Ship: USS CONSTELLATION CV64 - Aircraft Equipment Mechanics) Virginia Beach, VA Sep 1999- Sep 2003
Maintaining Systems with MAF (Troubleshooting Jet Engines using technical manuals linking with electronic on (ECU) Engine control unit)
To keep aircraft in peak operating condition, aircraft and avionics equipment, perform scheduled maintenance, make repairs, and complete inspections required by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA).
Maintain and service aircraft engine, fuel, and lubrication systems. Perform complete aircraft turbo shaft, turbofan, and turboprop engine repair.
Plane Captain: perform pre and post flight inspection on airframe and Power Computer Capabilities - Operating Systems: Windows Win 7/00/98/NT. Operating Systems and Networking - Windows 7, XP, Cisco IOS, UNIX, Linux, Hardware - Basic PC upgrades/repairs, Network cabling, connectivity troubleshooting, hard drive recoveries, component level replacements.
Other Technical Skills:
Software: MS Office (Excel, Access, Word, PowerPoint), MS Visio, MS Project, Lotus Notes, Adobe Acrobat
Hardware: Cisco Routers and Switches, Servers, Switches, CAT 5 Cables, Hubs Operations Systems: Windows NT, Windows 2000 Professional, Windows XP Professional, Windows Vista Ultimate, Windows 7, Windows 10 and Window 11UNIX, Linux, AS/400 Education / Professional Certificate.
CCNP VOICE
CCNA
CCNA VOICE
COMPTIA - A+ Certified professional
3COM Certs
Cisco, Network +, CCNA, CCNA Voice
Compaq Sales Certification Course
Airframe and Power plant Maintenance (U.S Navy) 1999-2003
Associates in Computer Science Engineering (Harper College) 2003-2005
Dell Certification 2006
Contact this candidate