Miranda Henning **** MeadowWoodsBoulevard
Ypsilanti, MI 48197
734-***-****
ad6ccq@r.postjobfree.com
Education
Graduation: April 2024
Eastern Michigan University - Bachelor’s in Computer Science Experience
August 2021- PRESENT
University of Michigan Hospital (ATSG) - Network engineer
● Maintains critical hospital network infrastructure, including data and phone lines
● Traces issues via a multitude of methods such as splunk MAC address lookups, physical tag-and-tone, and isolating the potential variables
● Programs devices, automated phone menus, and data storage with the CUCM / Cisco Unity systems
● Manages installation of new equipment in both solo and team contexts
● Ensures proper ticket documentation via Service Now (SNOW) Projects
Senior capstone project (Recipe Website)
● Developed mock recipe web page with HTML, CSS, JavaScript and React.
● Integrated web page with data pulled from Spoontactular API and database written by teammates
● Web page was required to function on both desktop and mobile formats. Ensured the website scaled proportionately while maintaining overall aesthetics. Revised project based on group feedback throughout semester
● Tracked individual contributions with an Agile development cycle, meeting weekly to discuss next steps and potential issues Discord Chat Bot
● Programmed chat bot using Python and Nextcord library
● Bot responds with key phrases to a series of Slash commands and at regular intervals. Responses are randomized and stored in an external file
● Hosted on personal device
Unity engine projects
● Unity engine projects
● Assisted in various personal/freelance projects. All projects were written in C#, as well as incorporating built-in tools. Examples:
● Built a text management system. Displays text from JSON file with proper formatting and scroll speed. Other Skills
● Utilizes proper versioning with GitHub. (Committing, branching, resolving merge conflicts, etc) Capable of using both desktop and command prompt editions
● Customer service and client management. Often speaks to clients to understand the requests and scope of a given project
● Used primarily visual studio but has also worked with eclipse, atom, and others
Contact this candidate