Dear Hiring Manager,
My name is Christopher Allan McCoy, and I am currently the President of TRM Consulting LLC, a one-man technology contractor/consultant in Boise, ID. I’ve worked at every tier of IT in my long career. Previous to this role, I acted as the Operations Manager as a business partner at Sawtooth Technology/Summit IT Solutions in Boise, ID. Before I moved from NW WA to the Boise area, I excelled as the Technical Manager at 3D Corporation in Bellingham, Washington (45 minutes north of Seattle, WA). For the last twenty years I have been pivotal in working with stake holders to understand their technical needs, designing technical solutions to meet those needs, managing projects to implement the changes, and managing the staff to maintain the technology.
As the President and sole engineer at TRM Consulting, I have worn every conceivable hat relating to Information Technology. From providing simple technical support services, through acting as the virtual CTO/CIO/IT Director. I am considered one of the best IT Generalists available and can fit into any technology related role with ease. At TRM Consulting, we have excelled at marrying business and technology goals and maximizing value regarding understanding business needs, and then planning, finding, training, deploying, and maintaining business technologies throughout their lifecycle. I often am asked to sit-in as a technical representative of management groups to help them make good business decisions regarding large expenditures on technology.
As the Operations Manager at Sawtooth, I modernized the sales approach, the client networks, and ongoing network maintenance processes. I transformed the networks from low performance and high maintenance, to high performance with low maintenance. In other words, I transformed our service model into a growth-ready model and made some happy clients in the process.
As the technical manager at 3D, I built the Engineering Department from a small 5 technician operation doing around $400,000/year of service revenue into a highly efficient, professional, and respected engineering team of 14. When I left 3D, the Engineering Department was doing over $2 million/year in ethical service. In short, I have proven experience successfully managing and building an elite and customer focused technical team. I made 3D the most respected name in IT in the surrounding area in just three years. When I moved to Boise and left 3D in May of 2011, we had raised the bar so high that 3D Corporation was the only respected local name in IT outsourcing/MSPs.
I would love to discuss my professional interests and passions with you in more detail and to learn more about US Cloud and how we can maximize our opportunities together.
I’m including links to my small consulting company and the previous companies so you can get a sense of what I’ve been building for the last thirteen years. I have letters of recommendation from clients and senior management at each company, available upon request.
Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to speaking with you soon,
~Chris McCoy
President – TRM Consulting, LLC
Cell: 208-***-****
Email: ad6il8@r.postjobfree.com
Current Web Reference: http://www.trmconsults.com
Old Web Reference: http://www.sawtoothtechnology.com
Older Web Reference: http://www.3dcorp.us

Chris A. McCoy
13167 Mikes Boulevard
Caldwell, ID 83607
Phone: 208-***-****
Email: ad6il8@r.postjobfree.com

Objective
I am looking to join an organization where I can put my leadership ability, knowledge, technical skills, ethics, and experience with managed information systems profitably to work.
Core Competencies
Valuable leadership experience, skills, and ethics
Talented team builder and culture cultivator
Understands business and technology. Especially how technology relates to and supports business goals
Solid grasp on IT and business value and how to generate ethical revenue
Designing, implementation, and maintenance of business networks
Platform Administration Experience: Windows Server 2000-2019, All MS Operating Systems, various Linux distributions, Hyper-V, VMWare virtualization, MS Azure, and AWS Cloud Technologies, and much more.
Network design/architecture: Design experience from single server budget deployments to full scale enterprise clustering
Project Management experience: Full spectrum, from concept, to deliverables, and follow-up
Network administration skills: Advanced, with a focus on automation and managed services
Complex LAN, WAN, and VPN networking design and support
Firewall design, configuration, and maintenance: WatchGuard, Cisco, SonicWALL, Linux NetFilter, and others
Learns very quickly, retains, generates, and communicates ideas and solutions well
Excellent customer service skills including working with and aligning challenging customers
Able to shift focus quickly and effectively – handles emergencies calmly, appropriately, and efficiently
Excellent Team-to-Team translation and communication skills (tech to business team communication)

Professional Experience

President, TRM Consulting, TRM Precision Jan-2017-Present
Currently self-employed providing top-tier general and specialized IT services to local small and medium sized businesses with highly complex IT requirements. Provides tier IV escalation services and training to local IT companies to raise the bar of internal teams as well as managed IT services in the Treasure Valley. Responsible in all IT related roles, including Virtual CIO/CTO, all the way down the chain to helpdesk. Large recent focus on DoD clients with an emphasis on CMMC/NIST technology security and compliance.
Operations Manager/ Partner, Sawtooth Technology/Summit IT Solutions May 2011 – Sept. 2016
Responsible for overall operational goals, process development, and execution of design, deployment, and maintenance of our client's business technology networks. Manages technical staff. Researches, deploys, and customizes internal business process software and systems. Manages technology vendors. Provides ultimate technical escalation endpoint. Creates and trains sales staff on client approach strategies and tools. Internally and externally aligns people and processes to ethically bring the highest value technology solutions to the Treasure Valley.
Technical Manager, 3D Corporation Mar. 2007 – May 2011
Quickly promoted from network engineer to the primary engineering leadership position of Technical Manager. Held the responsibilities of service manager and coordinator for fourteen IT professionals, supporting several thousand managed endpoints. Provided strategic perspective and technical guidance to other managers and the owners. Advised sales and marketing on trends and alignment issues, as well as resolved customer service issues. Built and deployed technical and service policies and standards. Ensured communication and alignment between engineering and other departments. Designed, coordinated, and drove the core plan for the overall technical direction of the company. Created and oversaw technology project processes from concept to deliverable and follow-up. Created solutions for very challenging issues of any type.
The position was very intellectually stimulating and was an absolutely incredible learning experience! 3D internal and client references are available.
Technical Consultant/Contractor EcompanyX Solutions Jun. 2000 – Jun. 2007
Self-created company to initially develop web content for small businesses. Evolved into doing technical consultation, technology projects, and technical labor contracting to local businesses and non-profits in Portland, OR and then later in the Bellingham-Seattle area.
Xerox™ Service Engineer/ Network Tech III Infinity Business Service/Xerox Nov. 2001 – Jan. 2007
Supported Xerox™ copy machines, digital printing products, and business networks for local businesses. Contracted with Infinity Business Service on small business networking support for clients in the Bellingham and Seattle, WA area.
Unix Network Support 800Support Inc. Jan. 2000 - Oct. 2000
Maintained four hundred and fifty Encanto Web Servers (A Free BSD ‘thin’ server) in a call center environment. Supported the largest cable modem network in the world (GCI in Alaska) before this call center replaced its technical contracts in favor of a very lucrative, purely customer service contract and I had to move on.
Technical Support Representative II Stream International Sep. 1997 - Dec. 1999
Provided superior technical and customer service while adhering to a specific call metric in one of the largest and most successful outsourced call centers in the world. Worked as first and then second level support on many challenging support contracts, such as Gateway Computers, US West Megabit DSL, EarthLink, HP support, and the highly regarded Microsoft Windows 95 support team.

Certifications, Training, and other Know-How

Comp TIA Network+ and A+ Certifications
WatchGuard Certified System Professional (Core, Edge, UTM/XTM, and T-Series)
Sophos Technical and Sales Training
LastPass Technical Training
Lenovo Technical and Sales Training
Redhat Technical and Sales Training
ConnectWise Technical Training
Atera Technical Training
IT Portal/SI Portal Technical Training
Misc. VOIP Technical and Sales Training – RingCentral, Zoom, Asterisk
Months of hands-on PC hardware, software, and customer service training at Stream Intl.
Cisco router training – Cisco Broadband Operating System
Free BSD and general Unix/Linux training (Encanto Networks, Santa Clara, CA.)
Contact this candidate