Brent Payne
623-***-**** ad6kyl@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/brent-payne-18a8b9200

Summary of Qualifications
●Cisco Certified Network Professional – Enterprise - CCNP - ENT
● CCNA – HO / CWP / CWEA / CCS - EAII
●Security+, CEH, CISSP, CHFI
●Firewall Security Engineer / Enterprise Wireless Specialist - FSE / EWS
●ITIL Practices for IT Service Management - ITIL
WORK EXPERIENCE
Lead Engineer/Consultant Gold Canyon, Arizona
Solution TEKnologies March 1990 – Current
•Senior engineer- technical lead responsible for day to day management support 24/7
•Operational responsibilities include ensuring all administration/change requests activities are completed in a timely proficient manner while meeting internal SLA.
•Design/project management responsibilities includes being a key person in information gathering and needs analysis meetings.
•Developing and handling design/implementation plans coordinating with key stakeholders and third-party vendors to ensure that all projects are completed.
•Supporting and Troubleshooting IT infrastructure of various clients from global to large corporations.
oSTATE FARM Insurance Agency David Flournoy. November 2023
Assessment & installation of new network including firewalls, VLAN, VPN
Current Clients :
Gentron Capitol. February 2023-Current
Assessment & installation of new network including firewalls, VLAN, VPN
Proem. May 2023-Current
SAFE. July 2023-Current
Pride. August 2023-Current
Vulnerability testing – Physical Security & risk evaluating metal & explosive devices detection, POS Vulnerability and risk mitigation assessments for clients such as
oA's Hohokum Stadium
oSloan Park -Cubs & Nike Performance Center
oState Farm Stadium
oPhoenix International Raceway
oArizona State University
oPhoenix Convention Center
oArizona Financial Arena
oScottsdale Civic Center Amphitheater
oWestworld – Barrett-Jackson, WMPO, Arabian Horse
oRawhide -Pratt Brothers, NHRA
oWeKoPaw Events
oRawhide -Pratt Brothers Christmas Events
Risk assessments for digital and physical vulnerabilities
worked with detectives, K9 to assess risks
implementation of new detection devices, assessed digital risks for ticket & POS systems.

SR Network Engineer Superior, Arizona
RIO Tinto/ RCC (TEKsystems) October 2022 – January 2023
•Responsible for providing ongoing operations and maintenance support to corporate network environment, PCN (process control network), security solutions and general site support activities. OS updates on switches.
•Responsible for updates and maintain PALO Alto firewalls
•Manage, maintain, document and troubleshoot Corporate network for EOL.
•Advise, design implementation of the next stage of Cisco network connectivity with global Network and IS&T team support.
•Onsite to consult for IS&T Team to grow site support collaboration with Rio Tinto Global teams, as well as Vendors and contractors.
•Expand and refresh wireless AP coverage
Network Engineer Remote
Cisco (TEKsystems) March 2022 – August 2022
•Working within Agile boards, with Stories to complete sprints in Scrum methods
•Secure Access Team configure change request maintenance for switches and routers
•Zero Trust disabling of NIM ports on 9300, 9407, 9407R, 9410, 4510R access switches
•Completed Inline tagging enablement and configurations on WAN
•Push UCFM templates to add ISE PAC GROUPS, also with SPLUNK and DNA Center
•Upgrade phases on 9800’s upgrade and code enhancements with SWIM procedures
Consultant- Network Engineer Remote
LanWan Professionals – OC, CA June 2020 – December 2021
•Configuration of Juniper SRX device connected to Gateway and Core Routers
•Deploy OSPF and firewall rules for Juniper and Cisco devices
•Redistribute between OSPF and EIGRP on the Gateway Routers
•Redistribute BGP on DMVPN spoke routers, configured route-map to tag and identify routes redistributed from BGP, Configured Cisco ISE and several other projects
•Enabled redistribution of internal routes for BGP under IPv4 address-family on all DMVPN spoke routers
Network Engineer Remote/Hybrid, Fountain Hills AZ
CCC- Christenson Computer Company March 2020 – Oct 2020
●Assist with software design, support and architecture for future software release.
●Worked with development of acquisition of software for integration with current software.
●Manage, maintain, document and troubleshoot Corporate network VPN structure for clients.
●Supported clients with issues developing from Covid related events and VPN designs.
Project MNGT/ Network/Software & Hardware Support ONSITE Santa Margarita,CA -Englewood, CO
Toastmasters International Dec 2017 - Feb 2019
●Was responsible for the preparation for move from California
●Setup and worked with network and PC updates, for Colorado New Location
●Received, setup, network and equipment for new corporate headquarters
●Worked with clients in troubleshooting several related issues caused by interstate move
Contact this candidate