AFAQUE AHMAD
Network Engineer (Enterprise, Security and Wireless)
P.O Box 60477 Ras Laffan, Doha- State of Qatar email: ad6kh5@r.postjobfree.com Mob: +974-******** linkedin.com/in/afaque-ahmad-84187032 Valid Qatar Driving License NETWORK INFRASTRUCTURE & SECURITY ENGINEER
Objective: To become a reliable Network & Security Engineer who will assist the company or organization in achieving its mission & goals and help me grow my career. CORE COMPETENCIES
In-depth knowledge of IT product solutions in various platforms, skill in x Security: Zone, Interface, Objects, App Control & Rules, CFS Policy, Routing, Failover & load Balancing, NAT, VPN, Gateway Anti-virus, IPS, Capture ATP, etc. Licensing, Firmware upgrade & Backup. x Routing Protocols: IP Routing, EIGRP, OSPF, BGP, Redistribution, Route-Map, VRF, PBR, BFD. x Switching: VLAN, VTP, STP/PvSTP/RSTP/MST, FHRP, Ether-channeling, UDLD, L2 & MLS. x Layer 2 Security: Port security, BPDUguard, Spanning-tree, DHCP Snooping, Dynamic ARP Inspection, IP Source & BPDUguard, SPAN / RSPAN, VACL/PACL, Private VLAN etc. x Wireless: Interface, WLAN, AP Group, Security, Radio 2.4/5.0 Network configuration. x Server: AD, FTP, DNS, DHCP, TFTP, RADIUS, Backup & Restore, Remote Access, SMTP/Office 365. x Network Monitoring: Global Management System 9.3 (UMA 9.3), SolarWinds, SNMP. x Virtualization: VM Ware ESXI, Hyper-V, VM Ware Workstation. x VoIP: 10 channel PRI line, Elastic server, and Grand stream set configuration. x MGMT & Services: SNMP, Syslog, QoS, DHCP, DNS, IPSLA, NetFlow, SPAN/RSPAN, Stack wise. x LAN/WAN: Camps network designing, Device selection, Preparing BoQ, Supervision for project execution, and technical support.
x Planning and network designing: high-level design (HLD) to low-level design (LLD), by creating IP schemas, utilizing VLSM and subnetting techniques, performing summarization, setting up VLANs, configuring firewalls (including zones, rules, policies, routing, and VPNs), and designing LAN and wireless networks for camps. It also involves selecting and procuring network devices and designing them using tools like Microsoft Visio or Edraw Max. x Handling a mid-size technical team including a network engineer and network technician team of 15 numbers.
x Multi Vendors Devices
o Firewall: NGFW SonicWALL Supermassive 9800 H/A, NSa 4700, 6700, TZ670, Cisco FTD o Wireless Controllers: Cisco 5508, 2504, TP-Link AC 500 o Switches: Cisco Nexus 7000, 6500, 4506, 3850, 3750X, 3750G, 3560, 2960, CNC, TP-Link etc. o Router: Cisco ISR/ASR/CSR, Mikrotik CR.
o VoIP: Elastic Server (VM).
Academic & Certifications
x Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science & Engineering, Magadh University, Gaya- 2009. x Preparation for CCIE-Security Lab Exam.
x Cisco Certified Network Associate – CCNA
x Cisco Certified Specialist - Security Core
x Trainee on Palo Alto & F5.
Summary
x Network Infrastructure Engineer with more than 13 Years of experience & 8 years of project Team leads. x Managing a large camp IT infrastructure with around 35000 LAN/ Wireless users in Laffan global village. x Well hand experience to design & implement camp network Wireless/LAN according to requirements. x Well-versed in the implementation of project assignments within assigned time, quality & cost parameters. x Adroit in conducting periodic reviews, identifying & mitigating risks, measuring metrics, tracking project progress, and submitting status reporting.
x Analytical approach and ability to research well as an ability to respect colleagues. x Training new team members and managing networks in IT Industry. x Skilled in Hardware installations and parts replacement. x Skilled in strategic planning and implementation, able to prioritize effectively, multi-task, and achieve objectives within time.
x Hands-on experience on multi-vendor systems & network devices. x People management experience: Medium to large-size team management experience. x Possess knowledge about the internal administrative tasks that are performed within the institutions. x Good interpersonal and organizational skills.
x Well experienced with VMware, firewalls, Switches, Wireless, Servers and Lan Room equipment.
- Strategic IT Planning - Enterprise Architecture Planning
- Infrastructure Deployment - Emerging Technologies
- Systems Integration
PROFESSIONAL EXPOSURE
SHAQAB – QATAR
RASLAFFAN GLOBAL VILLAGE under Qatar Petroleum
Role: Network Engineer (Team Lead) IT Infrastructure (February 2017-Present) Responsibilities:
x Camps Network designing, Implementation testing, commissioning, and maintenance. x Being responsible for managing a team of 15 technicians including a Network Engineer. x Follow up and coordinate with vendors, Clients, and the operation team to full the project requirements. x Act as Team lead and provide technical advice, assistance, and status reports to users of varying skill levels. Maintains system documentation to support network enhancements. x Coordinate projects and initiatives that cross-functional entities, and vendors that require planning and scheduling during project development and implementation. x Provide the L2/L3 technical support to the technicians as per requirements. x Assigning jobs, Preparing Meeting agendas, and boosting team members to improve performance. x Planning, Designing, and implementation of LAN/Wireless network infrastructure camp-wise. x Selection of network devices, Calculation of bandwidth utilization as per project requirements. x Managing camp 35,000 users’ connection through LAN/ Wireless as per network policy. x Providing technical support and monitoring of more than 500 network devices from multi vendors.
(On-shore/Off-shore) through remotely.
x Managing NGFW: Sonic WALL supermassive 9800 H/A, NSa 4700/6700, NSa 9450, TZ670. x Firmware upgradation, Backup, performance monitoring, and generating reports. x Configuring Zone, Interface LAN/WAN, Network & Bandwidth Objects, Access, App Rules, App control, Content filters & NAT Policies, Link aggregation, etc. x Routing, NAT, ACL, Object- Group, Load-Balancing, H/A, Zero downtime upgradation. x Configuring & enabling Gateway antivirus, IPS, Capture ATP, Anti-Spyware, RBL, and Botnet Filter. x Site to Site VPN Tunnel and routing VoIP server between camps. x Network monitoring through Global Management System (UMA 9.3). x Packet capturing using ATP (web content filtering), Deny unauthorized Web URL access. x Configuring and managing Site to site VPN tunnel for VoIP server between two different ISP. x Study and LAB knowledge on ASA 5520, Palo Alto (PCNSE), ISE 9.0. x Worked on Cisco switches such as Cat 6500, 4506, 4503, 3850, 3750X, 3750G, 3560, 2960, 2950, and SG series along with LAN Base, IP base, and IP service IOS. x Designed and implemented a stable Wireless network solution using Cisco WCL 5508, 2504 for Air caps such as Aironet 2600, 3502, 3600,3700 series and TP-Link WLC AC500 for TP-Link Air caps ACL 1750/ 1350.
x Configured L3, and L2 Protocol and Security such as Default & Static Route, RIP, EIGRP, OSPF, VLAN, VTP, STP, MSTP, FHRP, Ether Channel, DHCP snooping, Layer 2 Security. x Implemented Windows server 2012 R2 as a DHCP server. x Managing Windows Radius server for network device access as per user privilege level. x Configure network routers, switches, and support devices as per standard procedures. x Monitor network status and troubleshoot issues related to the network infrastructure. x Awareness of Industry standard frameworks such as ITIL. x Ability to understand solution designs, technical implementation plans, and system acceptance. x Analyses and troubleshoots active IP networks according to specifications, including switches/routers/ wireless devices of various manufacturers.
x Competent in dealing with the technology with vendors and escalation support team. x Managing Application control and content filter policies and bandwidth management. x Maintaining and creating updated documents related to infrastructure and security. x Administer the infrastructure of local and remote sites and work closely with users & concerns. x Works with the network team on design, configuration, and implementation of network access control systems, with respect to security.
x Lead the research and evaluation of emerging security technology, and industry and market trends to assist in project development and prioritization.
PAT Engineering Enterprises – Doha, State of Qatar Role: Network & Communication Engineer (January 2012 – Nov 2016] Responsibilities: Manage a team of up to 15 technicians, supervising for Installation, configuration, testing, and commissioning of network and building security system devices such as CCTV, ACS, PA, FA & Vesda System, Switches, LAN and Wireless, WLC, Access points, Routers, Firewall, Servers, IP Phones, etc. and ELV system. Active and Passive Network Management
x Managing a team of 10 technicians including a Junior Engineer for multiple projects. x Implementation, Monitoring & troubleshooting of highly available LAN/ WAN. x Providing technical support configuration and troubleshooting for network devices. x Perform troubleshooting and diagnostics for networking problems. x Monitoring the Network devices and preparing the preventive maintenance report. x Maintaining the device’s backup on a weekly basis. x Performs regular system maintenance, backups, hardware, and software upgrades. x Install and configure Switches, Routers, WLC, Access Points, IP phones, public addresses, Fire Alarm. x Carrying out the installation of devices, detectors, sensors, control panels accessories, racks, and other equipment related to project scope and preparing as build drawings. x Passive Network design using CAT6, CAT6A structured and fiber optic cabling. x Supervision for installation of structure cabling, RACK, and fiber patch panel installation and splicing. x Configuring Cisco and other vendor switch and troubleshooting. x Design and estimation of ELV systems like CCTV/ACS/PA/FAS/Panic & Intrusion Alarm systems etc. x Coordination with sales and project teams to prepare the quality proposal and submittals. x Review electrical drawings and schematic to design and cost estimation of Network & ELV system. x Complete Project life cycle execution and maintenance of communication network and low voltage sys. x Reviewing design and project specification Quantification and preparing BOQ of material procurement. x Documents and submittals for consultant approval and preparing shop drawings and installation. x Estimation of low voltage system and coordination for quotation and management approval. x Follow up with suppliers, procurements, and accounts regarding material delivery and payment status. x Product submittals and follow-up with a consultant regarding approval. Wipro InfoTech
Client site: (CAIRN ENERGY) Gurgaon- India
Role: IT Support Engineer (Jan 2010 – June 2011, India) Responsibilities:
x Design and implement Multi Node network expansion. x Installation and configuration of Windows 7 OS, Network Printer, and email configuration. x Administrated and maintained user accounts and maintained all servers and PCs, workstations. x Create Backup and restore Windows server & Installation various OS Windows XP & 7 Installation. x Installation of Microsoft Office and configured email accounts Outlook, and shared resources. x Installation and configuration of router, switch, workstations, printers, and fax. x Installation, Configuration, and administration of Windows server 2003/2008 Active Directory, FTP, DNS, DHCP, TFTP, under various LAN and WAN environments. x Maintained network security policy and address server security x Administrative and user account maintenance, managing resources with Security strategies using Active Directory Group, Managing Group Policies using OU’s, and Authentication mechanisms. x Configure DHCP & DNS Server as well as SMTP and Create backup restore Windows server. x Provided ongoing technical support and service.
PERSONAL DETAILS
Language Known: English, Urdu, Hindi
Nationality: Indian
D.O. B: 18th April 1986
Passport Number: S9836046
Marital Status: Married
Contact this candidate