Jawid George Wali
Round Rock, TX
Work Authorization: US Citizen
Availability: immediate

Summary:
George is an energetic and enthusiastic person who has several years of experience with a demonstrated working history and an amazing skillset.
Over 17 years of experience in the Information Technology and Telecommunication Industry/Network Engineer
Expertise in equipment testing and configuration, multifunctional team project coordination, customer service in the local access, interstate and in house arenas
Worked on Ethernet, Ethernet packet and install Ethernet traffic generators and analyzers
Provide first level support, troubleshooting and correct matters that occur on scheduled shifts. Track scheduled and unscheduled network events. Coordinate operator tasks and verification of production schedules. Take preventive action and make necessary escalation as needed for application and or systems outages and execute all assigned system reconfiguration projects.
Provide training on standard operation procedures for new employees.
Used graphic capabilities of Macintosh to generate flyers for distribution.
George is available to attend on an immediate basis and is available for interview on 24 hr prior notice.

Technical Skills:
Excellent PC Software skills including Design, Analysis and Development of Multi-user and single-user applications,
Microsoft Windows 3.1
MS-DOS operating systems.
UNIX operating system
Total Quality Management (TQM)
Introduction to UNIX
Local Area Network (LAN)
T1-1 Networking
Advance DOS 6.2
Basic, intermediate and Advance LOTUS for Windows 5.0
Paradox for Windows 5.0, Microsoft Project for Windows 4.0
Basic, Intermediate and Advance EXCEL 5.0
Fundamentals of Business Management

Educations:
Montgomery College 1989
Associate degree in Computer Science
Mount Vernon High School 1985 High School Diploma

Work Experience:
XO COMMUNACTION FEB 2009 TO Present
Central Office Technician
Circuit configuration, testing, troubleshooting and installing: DS-0, T1 or DS-1, DS-3 or T3, OC-3, OC-12, OC-48 and OC-192, CAT -5 LAN line with handheld testers, DS-3 coax and DS-1 wire cross-connects plus fiber for optical circuits, CAT-5 cable for LAN connections and Ethernet Protocol.
Working with VISIO software Technical Writhing / Drawing Floor Plans, Rack Elevations.
Superior maintenance ability in card swaps, power cabling and alarm wirings on various equipment's including: Nortel Optera, OC-48 and OC-192 shelves, Cisco Cerent 15454 boxes, ADC DSX and VAM shelves, Fujitsu ADX, OC-12, OC-48 and OC-192 shelves, Cisco 3600, 7500 and 12000 routers and 1900 and 5505 series switches, Juniper M40, Lucent equipment.
Provision and configure SONET equipment's such as Fujitsu, Nortel and Cisco Cerent.
Currently performing the multiple job responsibilities as a field Telecom Technician in Local Transport, Long Distant installs with CPE and ISW inside technician with various types of test equipment including Fireberd 6000, T-berd 2310, 2209, 310, Sage 930, HP Internet Advisor and digital Light wave.
Perform every bi-yearly preventive maintenance and replacement of DC power batteries on all pop-sites in Northern Virginia.

Raytheon June 2002 to 2009
Telecom Technician
Configured DS3,OC3,OC-12, and OC-48 circuits.
Configured Lamda-Xtreme Network-DWDM
Configured Ethernet 10Meg,50Meg,100Meg,150Meg,300Meg,600Meg, Full GIG
Built circuit connections via Fujitsu Flash wave 4500,7500, Lucent Lambda X-treme,
Performed DS3 tests using REACT remote test set.
Performed circuit testing with various LEC partners

British Telecom of North America/MCI Telecommunication Corporation February 1996 to June 2002
Network Data Engineer/Washington Account Maintenance
Responsible for tier 1 supports at the MAE East and surrounding sites. Installed, tested and configured Edge-85 Bridges for Ethernet (10-100 Meg), Token Ring (4-16 Meg), FDDI, DS3 and OC3 used in conjunction with our ATM and FDDI backbone.
Worked on Ethernet, Ethernet packet and install Ethernet traffic generators and analyzers
Installed, configured and maintained all associated electronic equipment for the fiber optic network. Operated, installed and maintained Data Service Units/Channel Service Units, Fiber Muxes, and Sonnet Fiber Systems OC – 3/12/48/192.
WAN optimization POC utilizing Riverbed steelhead, Cisco WASS and silver peak appliances. Configured and installed devices for the pilot sites and production data centers
Responsible for installation, maintenance and repairs of routers, switches, hubs and modems.
Network infrastructure support to routing and switching equipment.
Mentoring and training team members on Tymnet equipment, including Tymnet engine, PXL, CXL, Turbo engine and Sun Sparc 20 Nodes. Troubleshoot difficult Tymnet problems with advanced diagnostic tools including ddt, xray, slot loaded and standalone diagnostics. Support the customer service group with Tymnet problem.

Environment: CSU/DSU Configuration – Troubleshooting, Router Installation and Configuration, Net edge 85 Series Bride, New bridge Channel Banks, SNA protocol, ISDN, IP, Frame Relay, Tymnet Network, X.25 Protocol and CCNA in progress.

Test Equipment: SAGE 930, Firebird 6000a, T-bird 121 monitor and HP Internet Advisor.

British Telecom of North September 1989 to February 1996
Network Engineer
Provide first level support, troubleshooting and correct matters that occur on scheduled shifts. Track scheduled and unscheduled network events. Coordinate operator tasks and verification of production schedules. Take preventive action and make necessary escalation as needed for application and or systems outages and execute all assigned system reconfiguration projects.
Major applications include Electronic Mail, X400 services on PRIME platform.
Electronic Transaction Service (ETS) provides credit card verification and data capture on a Data General platform.
Provide training on standard operation procedures for new employees.
Involved Knowledge of Data Center Design with Cisco Nexus in troubleshooting of DNS, DHCP and other IP conflict problems.
Data Center virtualization
Redistribute routing protocols and Frame Relay configuration.
Attend all required meetings and training concerning updates and or changes within the data center.

Environment
Hardware Used: Prime 50 Series, Data General ECLIPSE MV/18000 Series, Hewlett Packard UNIX 700 Series, Tandem Cyclone, and complete line of IBM Compatible Microcomputer from the 286 to Pentium.

Software Used: Primos and command Procedure Language (CPL), AOS/VS II and Command Line Interpreter (CLI), UNIX operating system, Guardian 90.

National Institute of Dyslexia, TRI-Services Incorporation September 1988 to August 1989
Lead Operator and Mailing List Supervisor
Responsible for user support and troubleshoot IBM/36. Coded Command Interpreter Language to facilitate users with various routines.
Used graphic capabilities of Macintosh to generate flyers for distribution.
Updated the databases for mailing list and etc.

Environment: Excellent PC Software skills including Design, Analysis and Development of Multi-user and single-user applications, Microsoft Windows 3.1 and MS-DOS operating systems.
Contact this candidate