Rick DeRousse
702-***-****
Email: ad6uln@r.postjobfree.com

Legal Aid Center of Southern Nevada 9/1/2021 – Present
Network / System Administrator
Sophos Firewalls, VPN, Wi-Fi and Antivirus solutions.
Manage Windows servers 2008R2, 2012 and 2019 in a Hyper V environment.
Manage NAS, and VEEM backups of servers.
Manage Hyper –V Servers for AD, DC, Shoretel VOIP, Amicus, SQL Server, Exchange Server, Terminal Server, File server.
Manage In house Mitel VOIP system, Mitel Connect.
Troubleshoot Amicus Attorney application issues for the lawyers.
Resolve problems with VPN connectivity for remote users
Manage In house Exchange server, create users, shared calendars, resource calendars, mobile resources, manage the on-boarding / off-boarding of employees.
Create users, security groups, distribution groups, in AD
Create and run AD / Exchange PowerShell scripts
Group policy additions / modifications
Created an application using SQL server as database and VB.NET 7 as Front End for Community Resources.
Transition users from Ring Central to Google Apps.
ConnectWise Automate to manage workstations and servers.

Unitehere 02/2014 – 05/2020
Network / System Administrator:
Manage Windows servers 2008R2, 2012, and 2019 in a Hyper V environment running Oracle databases. Manage / configure Cisco Meraki, Palo Alto and SonicWall firewalls / routers. Resolve user problems with Oracle database. Manage Unifi wireless AP’s. Manage backup system using Carbonite for servers and users. Manage Unitrends backup appliance for file servers. Manage Anti-Virus and Malware bytes applications running on servers and workstations. Physical and virtual server “Break-Fix” or incident tickets. Resolve user problems with FTP and RDP connectivity with servers. Built RDP, Print, File servers as Virtual machines also created baremetal servers with Hyper V roles. Configured AD and DNS on baremetal servers. Configure Palo Alto Firewall and setup Global Protect VPN for remote users. Created documented procedures for department. Upgraded servers to server 2019 using Adprep. Manage Oracle database with TOAD. Also created Server 2019 for new domain, created DNS, AD and new Hyper VM server for Oracle database and RDS server. Routine virtual environment health checks to reclaim system resources. Adding and changing networks and datastores. Adding or changing host capacity of VM’s. Updating security patches on the virtual server operating system. PowerShell and Global Policy for server enhancements. Monitored system performance, added security patches, monitored system resources, disk, memory, processor load, user performance. Network monitoring tools such as Wireshark and Nmap to TCPdump etc. Administrate AD and Office 365 for user support.

VitaPhone 10/2012 – 02/2014
Network / System Administrator:
Manage Exchange Server 2007. Manage a separate pop3 server running Mail Site software for client emails. Manage Windows servers in a virtualized and non-virtualized environment. Also manage Linux servers. Create and manage virtual servers that reside in a vSphere environment running on IBM ESX platform. Manage the Active Directory for groups/users. Manage shared services – drives, printers, etc. Manage the backups with ARCA appliance. Work with the Cisco ASDM firewall appliance to manage VPN access to network services and firewall policies. Manage a Linux Digium PBX VOIP telephony system. Manage the repair and quality control of medical devices that Vitaphone supports. Support remote sales personnel in troubleshooting issues with their devices, - medical devices and their laptops. Support the RD group in Germany in troubleshooting new medical devices destined for the US market.

Modesto Institute of Technology 11/2010 – 10/2012
Linux Instructor:
Instruct students in Linux. Taught students bash, boot process and concepts for UEFI, PXE, and NFS. Install and configure kernel modules. lsmod, insmod, modprobe, dmesg, etc. Configure network connection parameters and usage of diagnostic tools such as netstat, nslookup, traceroute, ss, nmtui, etc. Covered RAID creation using mdadm. Covered GPT versus MBR partitions. Also covered tools related to storage, parted, mkfs, iostat, lsblk, tune2fs, etc. Taught installation tools such as YUM, RPM, APT for Debian, Build tools such as make, make install, compilers and shared libraries. Taught students how to manage users and groups. Covered the installation of Linux devices, printers (CUPS), network adapters, WiFi, Bluetooth, lpr, pspci, lsdev, systemctl. Creating and scheduling jobs with at, cron, and crontab. Firewall setup using iptables. Covered access control list (ACL). Backup methods such as tar, cpio and dd and backup types full, incremental, differential and image. Created a project including setting up LAMP with a BLOG. Taught students how to use packet capture tools such as Wireshark. Taught a course in Operating Systems where I covered various server 2008 installations e.g. with VM instances of a File server, RDS server and Print server.

National Hispanic University 04/2005 – 11/2010
Network / System Administrator:
Manage Exchange server, Active Directory, shared drives, network printers, and application servers. Deployment of software patches, verification of firewalls, drive space monitoring, network infrastructure such as switches and routers, and diagnoses problems with these or with the behavior of network-attached computers. Document the configuration of the system. Scripting for automating processes. Also manage the university library servers. Customized the ILINK interface to Unicorn database. Manage the web server, running on Apache. Customize Workflows for Librarian reporting tasks. Support library web development utilizing PHP, MySQL and HTML with Dreamweaver. Support online security and authentication issues. Troubleshoot hardware, software, and networking problems. Created a web based faculty survey program. Create and administrate Access databases for the faculty. Configured and support an IIS server running the evaluation program created for students to run the faculty survey. Manage the PBX from Inter-Tel for NHU. Manage and troubleshoot the pay for print server, printers and client workstations. Manage Seagate Backup Exec on servers. Assist students with software / networking issues.

Alorica 01/2004 – 04/2005
Product Support Rep:
Provided technical support for configuring routers, switches, access points, print servers, wireless adapters, VPN’s, firewalls, video conferencing units and security camera’s on Windows and Macintosh platforms for D Link products.

American Classified 02/2002 – 01/2004
Network Administrator:
Integrated new computers into the production group. Installed SBS 2003 server, Transferred layout from board to electronic pagination. Installed and integrated new classified newspaper software. Setup and configured an Exchange server. Troubleshoot networking problems.

GHG Corp 04/1999 – 01/2002
Exchange / UNIX Administrator:
Setup and configure Exchange servers for multi-site operation. Perform duties related to the email administration, such as create DL’s, users, public folders, shared mailboxes. Administrate email for 3000 user site. Managed the McAfee anti-virus detection software for Exchange server. Installed the KMS server for secure communications. Created a script to modify the CSV file that is exported in the Exchange Admin program, this file is used for a NASA email web site directory. Created Exchange reports utilizing Crystal Reports for Exchange. Created a script to import user data from web a site, massage the data and then imported into the Exchange containers. Implemented LDAP functionality on the Exchange servers. Created a terminal server and setup the applications for the terminal server. Perform duties related to UNIX administration of HP K570 servers using HP 11.0 O.S. Provide support for EMC Symmetric 3330 systems engineers for scheduled maintenance procedures. Document and track all resource usage for EMC and UNIX servers. Enterprise backups utilizing HP’s Omni Back II. Installation of software patches / packages. Install new drives in the HP servers. Work with Oracle DBA’s to resolve problems related to database administration. UNIX admin duties such as create mount points, manage disk space, manage cluster software, create / manage groups, users etc. Troubleshoot networking problems.

CompuText 02/1998 – 04/1999
Network Administrator:
MS SQL server DBA duties, which included index analysis, DBCC checks and database backups. Created a program in C to convert the class codes in a MS SQL server database, customizing it for a customer. Created a sql script to convert a database to a higher level, also created an Installshield setup program for the installation server executables to a higher version. Created an Installshield program to setup client workstations with CompuText software. Performed backups and restores using Seagate’s Backup Exec. Worked on CompuText’s web site relating to IIS. Performed NT and Exchange server administrator duties. Setup / configured remote customers NT servers, Exchange Servers and CompuText’s software. Performed software installations and upgrades at client newspaper sites.

United Space Alliance / Allied Signal 02/1986 - 01/1998
Field Engineer:
Worked on Space Shuttle simulators at Johnson Space Center. Ran diagnostic tests to ensure simulator was ready for mission training. Replaced / repaired failing equipment in simulator. Also ran diagnostics on Mini computers that controlled the simulators and repaired failing boards. Created an electronics parts, discrepancy report and a safety training database in Microsoft Access. Repaired Concurrent 3200 series mini-computer boards down to component level. Performed help desk activities. Configured CISCO routers and switches for onsite installation. Troubleshot networking problems.

San Jacinto College: AA electronics
Contact this candidate