Fredrick Love
ad6yzt@r.postjobfree.com
(P) 612-***-****

Sr. Optical Design and Planning Network Engineer
PERSONAL SUMMARY

Resilient solutions-oriented network engineer with an essential inner drive and determination needed to resolve complex internal and external network related issues. Possessing a working knowledge of advanced networking technologies, excellent organizational skills as well as having a resounding commitment to keep up to date with the latest advances in technology. Experienced in P2Pmotivation, team leadership and real-time networking consultancy service to both colleagues and clients. 20 years of Optical Experience and providing proven results.
I am now looking for a new and challenging network engineer position, one in which will make best use of my existing skills and experience and further my overall career goals and development.

CAREER EXPERIENCE

Cisco Networks (1 year contract) – Richardson, Tx.
Technical Consultant Engineering Optical – January 03 2022 – February 22 2023

2nd/3rd level technical support across each of Cisco optical platforms to include: NCS1K, NCS1002, NCS1004, NCS 2000, CPT50, ONS 15454,

Assisted Network Architecture technologies designs and deployments to Cisco customers, partners, account teams, and other Technical Assistance Center engineers

focal point for large account network problem resolution.
Moderate to complex lab setups to recreate and solve problems.
Handled a wide variety of technical support problems—from simple application or network configuration fixes to extremely complex troubleshooting and problem resolution.
Developed Root Cause Analysis (RCA) on escalated or reoccurring issues (problems) as necessary and/or requested by enterprise customers.

Wells Fargo Bank N.A. - Minneapolis, Mn.
Carrier Engineering Services – Backbone Engineering V October 2017 – November 18 2021

Create design for migration of 7,500 locations from TDM services to Carrier Ethernet. Responsibilities include Carrier RFP, Cost Modeling, Layer 1 Analysis, and Implementation Plan.

Provide resilient transport solutions in the most cost-effective manner. Reduce risk by providing diversification across multiple carriers, reduce latency and reduce costs

Responsible for capacity planning, design and installation of carrier DWDM rings within Wells Fargo Admin buildings, branch locations, Campuses and strategic Datacenters.

Mentor teammates on Carrier Ethernet circuit designs and 1G/10G/100G WAN transport designs.

DAS (In-Building Cellular) Sr. Engineer on all aspects including solution vetting and consideration, interior design & deployment, and troubleshooting throughout WF vast footprint. iBwave Propagation & Design Level 2 Certified.

Kansas Fiber Network – Wichita, Ks.
NETWORK ENGINEER October 2015 – May 2017
Responsible for managing various critical aspects of KFN’s Optical Transport and IP Based Networks. Working as part of a core team of Layer 1 and Layer 2 engineers to deliver Carrier Ethernet Services, Dedicated Internet Access and Wavelength services to high SLA and enterprise customers.

Capacity planning and network configuration and design and troubleshooting IP-Based MPLS-TE Tunnels, Q-in-Q Stacked VLANS and Pseudowire over DWDM and Layer 2.5 platforms.

Complete management and ownership of KFN’S Optical Backbone integrity and OTN/ROADM
expansions which at times includes node insertions and Degree Add-Ons

Zayo Bandwidth (Fahrenheit -Contracted Position) – Boulder, Co.
Optical Implementation and Design Engineer II May 2015 – October 2015

Responsible for Zayo Bandwidth customer provided solutions - evaluations and performance testing. Project management responsibilities which comprised of the design, procurement, implementation, and provisioning of Zayo Bandwidth 10GE 100GE dark fiber Ethernet wave offerings and solutions across Zayo’s Packet-Optical network to ensure customer dates FOC are achieved.

Worked in cooperation with OSP to establish CFA/LOC. Duties also include analyzing and recording fiber characterization results.

Responsible for the complete Project Management of multiple projects during entire lifecycle which necessitated: Kick-Off Calls

Design RFPs, RFQs, BOMS and Rack face drawings and detailed cable run list including internal patch cords connection, RU positions, and FDP assignments.

Charter Communications – Greenwood Village, Co.
OTN/ Proof of Concept Engineer III October 2013 – April 2015

Responsible for the overall developmental practices, execution, benchmark automation testing and technical evaluation on all Optical/OTN/ROADM tenured components and future/conjectured optical platforms projected to be implemented into Charters Optical Footprint Greenfield applications.

Duties:
Developed key Test cases and test plans in accordance with Charter’s internal business requirements and in accordance with ITU-T, IEEE, GR-1209, G.709, 802.3ba and Y.1731.

Performed system level evaluation testing on Tellabs 7100, Infinera DTN-x and Cisco 15454 ROADM platforms.

Successfully performed benchmark testing on 802.1Q Resilient VLAN Tunneling and dynamic routed services with fail over testing as well comprehensive component/module level testing on all optical related products including EDFAs, Transponders, Muxponders and WSS modules.

Working cross-functioning with Charter’s Principal Engineer to develop a 10G E-PON vs Turbo EPON architectural design published and became a part of Charter’s standards and policies.
Developed comprehensive test plans in conjunction with Greenfield applications and viable network proposals and vendor-based solutions.

Ability to develop a test case which resolves an internal network impairment such as traditional 1+1 10G transponder circuit with client-side Y-Cable protection.

Excellent technical writing skills: business requirement documentation: test plans, test cases, MOP, RFP(s). BOM(s) and RFOs.

Tools and resources utilized for testing consisted of tunable laser source, Polatis, IXIA, FTB, JDSU.
Test Variation: RFC 2544, BERT, ETHEERSAM passband and passive optical filters, laser drift, insertion loss PDL, and 100G Single Lane skew.

Tellabs – Naperville, IL.
Sr. Professional Trainer II/ Post Sales Engineer June 2008 – May 2013

Responsible for modular course development (and classroom delivery) in compliance with TL 9000 in support of Tellabs flagship 7100/Nano optical product line and enhanced Photonic Layer ASON GMPLS Control Pane and C.D.C features. (Colorless, Directionless and Contentionless) Technologies

Duties:
Delivered 700+ instructional classroom hours on the topic of GMPLS Control Plane, C.D.C. and Packet Optical Transport.

Authored and published comprehensive marketing requirements.

Successfully constructed strategic GMPLS Control Plane marketing plan to Tellabs Sales Engineers, Accounts Pre and Post Sales Teams.

Played a key role in supporting the Product Launch Support team – 7100/Nano enhanced feature.
product demonstration and initial roll-out to potential new enterprise customer to reinforce Tellabs “new customer/business wins.” Participated in lab trails/customer demos concentrated in the area of GMPLS Control Plane.

Traveled abroad extensively to key market areas in EMEA and APEC in support of pre and post sales teams (14 Countries)

Windstream Communication - Little Rock, Ar.
CLEC Transport Engineer II December 2006 – January 2008

Responsible for the overall technical landscape of Windstream’s West region CLEC and ILEC markets Optical Platforms.

Duties:
Responsible for the overall health maintenance and the growth of the Western
Optical Region CLEC and ILEC market area.

Provided network problem statements to vendors and evaluated total cost of ownership, negotiated price points and evaluated and compared technical solutions.

Secured 3rd party contract labor – provided detailed specifications, materials and Visio drawings for all network equipment deployment.

Managed network capacity issues, expansions and augmentations projects.

Developed business cases, submission of capital budget request in addition to forecasting capital expenditures and labor cost for all projected Transport/Optical projects.

Verizon Communications - Dallas, Tx.
Emerging Technologies Engineer September 2005 – June 2006

Responsible for the coordination of PEG (Public, Educational and Governmental) programing channel implementation. Ensured FOC dates and SLA were met. Drove and tracked GPON ONT/OLT network deployments & movements to Senior Management.

Duties:
Respon7sible for 24X7 OAM&P operation of video services within Verizon’s SHE-1 facility which delivers video content to VHO and VSO throughout the United States in concert with Verizon’s FTTP/FIOS triple service network.

Resolved complex channel lineup and MPEG-4 video derogation issue traversing from the Dish Farm to VOD, DAC, Encoder, TMX and CSG interface before traveling downstream to the VSO’s.

MCI/WORLDCOM – CARY, NC. RTP District
Tier III Transport TAC Support Engineer (S.M.E.) July 2002 - May 2004

Responsible for providing expert Tier III level remote technical support to Internal Lines of Business and Enterprise customers which resolves critical network outages. Provide technical guidance during acceptance testing, software upgrades, circuit migrations, each phase of equipment installation.

Duties:
Fully supported Metro, Long Haul & International Multi-Vendor (s) DWDM applications and products.

Through advance training and skilled troubleshooting techniques I personally resolved hundreds of network related issues. Types of Networks included: UPSR, BLSR, Linear, P-loops and T-Mux.

AT&T - Dallas, Tx.
Outside Plant/ Sr. Field Engineer August 1997 – June 2002

Management of day-to-day organization, assignments and scheduling of 11 Field Service Engineers.

Duties:
Responsible for 24X7 OAM&P of twenty-seven 4-Fiber UPSR/BLSR Nortel OC-192/48/OC-12 TBM shelves and personnel.

United States Navy - Pearl Harbor, Hawaii
Crypto Tech – Communications Specialist RM2 (SW) February 1992 –May 1997

5 years of honorable service with a Top Secret SSBI Clearance. Provided UHF/VHF ship to shore communication traffic to the Atlantic Fleet and NATO command centers.

Duties:
Served aboard the USS Russell (DDG-59) supervising ship to ship UHF communication.
Selected to attend 6 superior and advanced Satellite, Microwave and concept and theory telecommunications schools offered in the Military.
Selected for the prestigious Joint Service White House Communications unit providing SIP to P-25 (GSM MAP) over multicast IP radio and secure satellite voice channels to a deployed Air Force One.
During my U.S. Naval career, I received two NAMs (Navy Achievement Medals) for outstanding Communications troubleshooting and design performance.

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

Good understanding of MPLS VPN L2VPN – VPWS PWE3 P2P.
Professional Technical Trainer 700+ hours EMEA ROADM/CDC/ASON Control lane
Solid working understanding of OSFP-TE, LSP, MPLS, BGP
Experienced in the areas of performance measurement, Tier III troubleshooting, capacity planning, strategic network design and implementation.
Outstanding documentation skills: Business Proposals, Technical Briefs, BOMS, RFOs, RFP, MOPS, TEST PLANS/CASES.
GMPLS ASON/Control Plane (Colorless, Directionless Contentionless)
Pre and Post Technical Sales Support.
Product Launch Support –Product demonstrations for potential Enterprise Customers
Participated in new pre-production deployments (field trails exercises)
Conducted PowerPoint presentations outlining equipment Roadmap which detailed new system features, Software loads and the latest innovative components.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Network planning and Design

EVPL Services over MPLS-TP

100G Coherent Network Design

ASON/MPLS Control Plane

LH & Metro Networks Design Services

Ethernet over Dark Fiber/DWDM

Mobile Backhaul over IP

GPON/ DPoE & 10G-EPON

FOADM Application

ACADEMIC QUALFICATIONS

Anne Arundel Community College – General Course Studies
University of Phoenix – Online – Information Technology Studies
Stanford-Brown College – Information Technology Studies
U.S. Navy – Advanced Microwave and Satcom (Satellite Communications Studies)
Currently enroll/ed attending FJSU in pursuit of Electrical Engineering B.S.

Customer facing International Experience and Assignments

Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia – Time.Com - Customer led ASON MPLS/Control Plane technical training & pre-production proof of concept trails. (3-month deployment)
Santiago, Chile – Claro - Customer led 7100/Nano technical training and pre-production GMPLS Control Plane proof of concept trails. (3-weeks)

Bangalore, India – VodaFone India - GMPLS Control Plane Proof of Concept, network migration and enterprise customer focused training. (2-month deployment)

High Wycombe, London (U.K.) – Internal Tellabs Customers - Customer led 7100/Nano provisioning, GMPLS Control Plane and C.D.C technical training session. (3-week deployment)

Helsinki, Finland – Internal Tellabs Employees - Customer led 7100/Nano provisioning, GMPLS Control Plane and C.D.C technical training session. (1 week deployment)

Sao Paulo, Brazil – Vivo and Telefonica Brasil – 7100 OTS Product demonstration, Proof of Concept and customer led technical training. (2-week deployment)

Johannesburg, South Africa – VodaFone South Africa – Customer led pre-production (Phase 1) Tellabs 7100/Nano GMPLS Control Plane and advanced Troubleshooting. (2-week deployment)

Instructional led vendor-based Layer 1 Layer 2.5 Telecommunication Training

MEF CECP 2.0 Certified

CURRENTLY PERSUING CCNA

iBwave Design Level 2 Certified

CIENA OM5200 6500 Packet Optical

*Cisco –Planning Tool, 15454 MSTP, Cisco CTP 50, Cisco ARS 9000/900/932 Routers

*Cyan/Ciena z77

Optelian LightMux, OMS-519

Sumitomo FSU 7101 OLT

Accedian Metro NIDs

Telco Systems – T MARC 280 R400/R4000

**Tellabs 7100/Nano 8000 IMN

Fujitsu 7500 (and legacy equipment dating back to FLM150’s 2400 etc.)

*Infinera DTN/ DTN-X

*JDSU WaveReady
Contact this candidate