Manisha Patel
Gaithersburg, Maryland *****
Email: ad75or@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/manisha-patel-359449293
Contact: 301-***-****
Personal Statement:
Network Engineer with 10+ years, experience building, configuring systems, network to counter potential vulnerabilities and investigate security intrusions. Enhanced departmental network troubleshooting & monitoring processes for LAN/WAN activities. Have experience with designing, analyzing, troubleshooting and maintaining network devices with proficiency in firewalls, Network Performance Monitoring, Wireshark, BGP and TCP/IP.

Work Experience
Strategic National Title Group – Network Engineer 11/2023 -present
Help refresh the Network infrastructure from prem to AWS Cloude.
Replaced aging Cisco ASA 5500-X series with Cisco Next generation firewall 2900 Series
Collaborate as the primary point of contact between the support team and engineering to help identify and troubleshoot 90% of the issues
Identify and review resting procedures for change and configuration management in production environments
Implemented regular alerting and monitoring of network performance, decreasing network down-time by 22%
Leading technical input in reviewing architecture and policies/procedures
Work closely and collaborate with the leadership team to improve network infrastructure
Helped develop network disaster recovery plans
Remediate findings and Patched Network device using ISO 27001 compliance requirements

Accenture Federal Services (DoEd Project) - Lead Network Engineer
Washington, DC 01/2000- 2023

Network Engineer/ Network Architect 02/2000 – 07/2023

Configured, Monitored, and maintained network infrastructure, such as routers, switches, and firewalls (ASA, NGFW), resulting in a 99.9% uptime for critical systems.
Played a crucial role in the deployment and scaling of a hybrid cloud solution.
Assisted in vulnerability management and incident response, raising the security posture and resilience of the cloud infrastructure
Held primary responsibility for availability and reliability of core network infrastructure
Implemented and maintained a multi-region AWS Transit Gateway setup, improving inter-region connectivity and lowering latency by 25%.
Developed and maintained network performance baselines, identifying and resolving network bottlenecks that improved network performance by 25% and reduced downtime by 20%.
Deployed and administered enterprise VPN solutions within AWS, thereby securely connecting remote employees and improving workforce productivity.
Experience in tools like SNMP, AAA, RADIUS and designed VPN with IPSEC security layer.
Hands on experience on NAT (Network address translation) configurations and its analysis on troubleshooting issues related access list (ACL).
Involved in monitoring network traffic and its diagnosis using performance tools like Snort, ping tools, and packet player.
Involved in designing L2VPN services and encryption system and other VPN with IPSEC based services
Provided smooth communications by configuring WLAN technology, VM, wireless access points and controllers.
Monitored network capacity and performance to diagnose and resolve complex network problems.
Worked closely with peers in Engineering and Architecture for implementing new technologies.
Developed and implemented a backup and recovery plan, reducing system downtime by 30% and ensuring business continuity in case of disasters.
Work with Information Security to perform routine security analysis to initiate firewall changes, security updates or implement infrastructure changes.
Handled proper management, maintenance, configuration, and altered management of firewall structure.
Remediated findings and Patched Network device using NIST compliance requirements.
Set up firewall log monitoring software that immediately alerts administrators to network intrusions.

Education:

Bachelor of Science:
University of Maryland - College Park College Park, MD 1989

Skills:

Amazon Web Services (AWS) - Proficient Network Troubleshooting - Advanced
Analytical Skills - Expert Routing Protocols - Advanced
Problem Solving - Advanced VPC - Advanced
Network Architect - Advanced Transit Gateway -Proficient
Network Security - Advanced LAN/WAN - Advanced
TCP/IP Networking - Advanced Amazon EC2 - Advanced
AWS Direct Connect - Advanced VPN Configuration and Manage -Advanced
Cisco Router, Switch and FW -Advanced Network performance Analysis - Advanced
Remote access solutions -Advanced Network monitoring tools -Advanced

COURSES/CERTIFICATIONS

Cisco Certified Network Associates (CCNA)-Expire 4/2005

Cisco Certified Network Professional (CCNP)-(Expire) 4/2005

Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) Training 9/2010

Project Management Professional (PMP) Course 10/2014
AWS Solution Architect Professional Training 5/2020

CEH (Certified Ethical Hacker) Course 10/2023

CompTIA Security+ 01/2024
Contact this candidate