N’KOSI “Nic” COVERSON
*** *** **** *****
Vallejo, Ca. 94591
707-***-**** ad751v@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY:
Network Engineer with a hands-on approach and technological mindset for monitoring and troubleshooting a live network, including optimization and supporting through network management systems. Experience with and working on outage bridges in high stress environment.

EXPERIENCE:
State Compensation Insurance Fund (3/2019-present)
Network Operation Controller
Network Surveillance
Establish ongoing processes and procedures that ensure production systems availability, optimal performance, reliability, resilience, disaster recovery and a high level of customer service.
Regulate and control physical access to the Data Center
Monitor and analyze system generated email alerts
Process and route incident case tickets to be resolved to the 2nd Tier Support Teams
Conduct necessary first level analysis and correlation of alerts or incident cases for escalation
Assist Network Operations Tier 2 technical teams on an as needed basis
Work on technical projects for NOCC and/or act as resource for other projects for Tier 2 teams
Communicate status to stakeholders continuously throughout the incident resolution phase
Maintain an awareness of scheduled activities pertaining to the infrastructure
Identify and anticipate key trends that impact strategic technology selection
Work with State Fund IT Senior Leadership and develop effective infrastructure frameworks and strategies that can maintain system uptime of 99.90%.

ATT Wireless, Concord, Ca. (4/2000-8/2018)
Network Operation Controller
Responsible for contributing to overall customer satisfaction by performing network surveillance, trouble analysis and restoration, correlation to customer traffic in a live 24/7 network.
Identify and initiate corrective action for current and potential performance degradation.
Ensuring proper and appropriate installation of Network Equipment. Perform initial testing on equipment to verify proper installation and configuration, along with network connectivity.
Monitor and Troubleshoot different platforms while assisting field technicians in assembly, repair, and testing procedures.
Knowledgeable using network management systems, GUI’s, command-line interface / UNIX based. Router verification.
Analyze and troubleshoot network & signaling communication failures and bottlenecks.
Hands on configuration, implementation and troubleshooting. This includes checking CDR Alerts, KPI’s, site assessment and product acceptance
Document all actions using the trouble ticket system. Communicate accurate and timely project status reports. Maintain comprehensive tracking and trending records to aid in historical analysis and identification of product anomalies. Tracking mechanism should include all open, closed and escalated issues.
Identifies problems and issues. Solves non-routine problems by independently applying judgment to established analysis and standard approaches.
Cultivates good working relationships with peers. Serve as primary technical interface between ATT Wireless and Vendors.
Immediately engage Field Services team when additional support requirements are needed. This includes situations that warrant onsite presence, NOC specific support and regional presence to enhance technical support.
Integrates and evaluates multiple factors to develop creative and practical solutions.
Knowledgeable of Network Planning, Engineering, Construction and Mobility architectures. Exchanges complex technical information.
Advance knowledge and of provisioning, augments, rehomes and health checks, installation of patches and scripts.
Provide training and guidance to others in work area by breaking down information in a systematic and logical manner.
Schedule and perform software and hardware upgrades to meet or exceed established Service Level Agreement (SLA) requirements.
Created and conducted a 1st level & 2nd troubleshooting class for NOC support.

FFA Implementation/MTSO Support Project Management Pleasanton, Ca.
Ensure successful project execution by delivering desired results on time and at the expected level of quality.
Manage project scope, including formal scope change control process.
Coordinate and collaborate with Market Personnel to support Market projects.
Manage project resources and coordinate cross functional resources to meet project requirements
Communicate with Market personnel on new features to ensure proper, uniform and timely execution of network quality enhancements
Completed Green and Yellow Belt of the Six Sigma Training

ATM Transport Analyst
Serve as primary technical interface between Cingular Wireless and Alcatel.
Facilitate expedited resolution of service affecting issues by acclimating to network specifics and ensuring that ATT NOC personnel initiate trouble tickets for all issues.
Communicate real-time / potential issues to the appropriate support team. This includes notification of component delays to Program Management, product deficiencies to TAC and any support requirement to Regional Management.
Immediately engage Field Services team when additional support requirements are needed. This includes situations that warrant onsite presence, NOC specific support and regional presence to enhance technical support.
Advanced knowledge in the following areas:
Protocols (Voice, Data, X.25, Frame Relay, TCP/IP and ATM), Relational Databases, SQL, Interfaces (T1/E1, DS3, OC-3/12), Network Analyzers, UNIX, Solaris, Protocol Troubleshooting, Network Configurations,
Reproducing Customer problems in the lab, Product interconnectivity.
Contact this candidate