Daniel A. Lugo Roman

SUMMARY
Network Engineer and Consultant in data networks, responsible of equipment selection, installation, troubleshooting, infrastructure design, and implementation of latest technologies-based client’s needs.
Solid background in designing Large Enterprise environments, with strategic global tier 3/4 networking and infrastructure technologies.
Experience in project development and procurement of networks at all stages of WAN & LAN.
Experience with managing Data Centers and Network Design for several large enterprise clients both in the private sector as well as government and military.
Implementing Enterprise Architecture standards and best practices across our multi-site organization
Several years of experience in the field of data networks.
Great team worker with excellent social skills and goal achiever.
Hands-on experience installing, configuring, operating and troubleshooting routers, switches and distribution multilayer switches including Nexus, Catalyst and industrial-based Cisco switches. Experienced with ASR1001x, ASR9k, Nexus 9k, 7k series, Catalyst 6500, 3850 among others. Firewall experience with Cisco ASA 5500x and best practice knowledge in network security.
Experienced with protocols: OSPFv3, EIGRP, BGP (eBGP, iBGP) & MP-BGP, RIPng, IGRP, EGRP, SNMPv3, MIB, ICMP, PPP, PPPoE, PPPoA, CIDR, VLSM, NAT, PAT, Route Filtering, Route Redistribution, Route- map, Traffic shaping, Route Optimization, Load Balancing, Policy Based Routing, ACL s, IPv4, IPv6, RFC 1918, DHCP, DNS, TCP Load Distribution, AAA, TACACS+, RADIUS, IPSec, IKE, ISAKMP, QoS, CoS, ToS, DSCP marking, SPAN, VSPAN, RSPAN, VRRP, HSRP, VTP, (802.1q), STP, RSTP (802.1w), MST (802.1s), VRF lite & Cisco VRF EVN, 802.1x, VLAN Tunneling, GRE, PAgP, LACP, CEF, IRDP, GLBP, SLB, IGMP,
PVST+, DTP, Inter-VLAN routing, xDSL, Dedicated lines, Site-to-site/Remote access VPN, Frame Relay, DDR, E3, T3, ATM, ISDN, MPLS, Voice-VLAN, PoE, NHRP, DMVPN, MGRE, uRPF, IP-SLA, ARP, MAC, BPDU, TCP/UDP, SBNP.
Cloud services: AWS, Azure, O365 express route and advertise routes via eBGP.

CERTIFICATIONS
Universidad Metropolitana CCNA Academy — 2001 - 2002
Cisco Networking Academy Curriculum and training. (640-811) ICND Passed
Colegio Universitario Fermin Toro
Cisco Network Academy CCNP— 2003 - 2005
642-821 BCRAN Passed
642-801 BSCI Passed
642-811 BCMSN Passed
100-101 ICND1 Passed
640-821 INTRO Passed
200-101 ICND2 Passed

WORK EXPERIENCE

BNY Mellon – Boston, MA (remote) 05/2023 – 03/2024
Network Architect
Responsibilities
Build, and design, a new switch block (edge) and implement advanced routing via BGP attributes (community tagging) and route manipulation.
Support a large Enterprise Cisco suite consisting of over 50 controllers and thousands of Access Points.
Migrate all traffic to new site including routing and modification/update of community tagging.
Addition of new subnets being advertised into core
Reduction of BGP advertised prefixes via filtering and summarization of routes.
Recommendations for redesigning core infrastructure NTP services.
Approve all infrastructure projects and changes.

VERIZON – Burlington, MA (hybrid) 02/2023 – 04/2023
Network Engineer
Responsibilities
Build, design, and test out new technologies and fulfill operations requirements once testing is complete.
Produce MOP (method of procedure) for operations to support the new products.
Support Go Live of implementation and migration projects.
Build ISE configurations and add all existing and new devices to the created TACACS server.
Build ISE redundancy and fail-over configurations required on both ISE and each device controlled via TACACS+
Create route maps on ASR9K for redistribution of subnets from IGP to EBGP and vice-versa.
Change and delete on ASR9K existing route maps and rules associations to EBGP.
Add new MPLS lines and provisioning on ASR9K and advertise existing subnets.
Network devices: Nexus 9k, 7k, 5k, 2k, Cat 3650, 3850, 3750, 6500, 4500, ASR 9010 ASR9906, ASR9902 VXR7200, ONS15600.

PROIT.CA – Capital Markets Venezuela - Remote 12/2021 - 10/2022
Network Engineer
Responsibilities
Remote router and switch configurations, including initial basic accessibility through VTY lines, advanced QoS configurations, DSCP marking and advanced routing using OSPFv3, EIGRP and static routing when needed.
Actively involved in the design, Business requirements, and Go Live of customer implementation projects.
Meet with customer team members to consult, configure, implement and support client requirements.
Perform the necessary analysis and consultation to identify business issues, solution requirements and related benefits.
Work directly with clients to gather an understanding of their business needs and assist the client in the configuration and implementation of the hardware (Cisco).
Collaborate in a cross-functional team environment and drive projects to conclusion.
Design both logical and physical topologies and, when necessary, provide recommended steps to redesign existing network infrastructure to avoid any downtime or accessibility to the network.
Network Analysis tools used SolarWinds, NetScout (NetFlow collector), CiscoWorks, and Wireshark among others.
Remote configuration of TACACS to provide different levels of configuration commands to users based on client policies.

PRI (UTC - RTX / Raytheon Technologies) Newington, CT – Remote 04/19 – 12/20
Network Service Delivery Lead / Network Engineer
Responsibilities
Work with the cross-functional engineering teams to maximize sales in the given accounts.
Engage in conferences with clients, stakeholders, the WAN engineering team, the Firewall team, and compliance to determine the full scope of projects and requirements, debate obstacles, timelines and challenges.
Contact and meet with customers to discuss all aspects of proposals and close opportunities.
Develop and cultivate customer relationships by meeting with customers, conducting presentations, and discussing existing projects
Engage teams (Cyber Security, Architecture and WAN operations and NOC) and confirm tasks with each team based on
project scope and requirements.
Engage each individual third-party vendor for circuit orders, infrastructure and provisioning.
Quote all network equipment required (FW, Routers, Switches, WAN accelerators, etc.).
Approve all remote site infrastructure projects (WAN only).
Responsible for ensuring all projects make progress and determine the best course of action for each roadblock.
Periodic reviews of all the project/account level metrics with the management team.
Make critical business decisions to meet customer expectations.
Evaluate team member’s performance and determine training needs.
Perform resource allocations and workload assignments according to delivery requirements.
Ensure compliance with project standards and quality assurance procedures.
Monthly meetings report with stakeholders (site owners, Carrier stakeholders, RTX Director Infrastructure, Director of Service Delivery) showing progress on each remote site (add, upgrades, design changes, new MPLS circuits, etc.)
Review project status and project metrics on a weekly/monthly basis with the client.
Meetings with the organization quality assurance group to provide client feedback on the deliverables.
Work closely with NOC managers as well as Service Delivery team and clients in order to coordinate each installation.

Infosys (BHP Billiton) Houston, TX (Onsite) 10/2017 – 09/2018
Principal Lead – Sr Network Engineer
Responsibilties
Led a team of Sr. Network Engineers responsible for the monitoring & troubleshooting of the global network operations worldwide.
Troubleshooting of complex high-availability WAN links.
Manipulation of enterprise-wide traffic via BGP prepending, AS Path, MED and Local preference.
DMVPN support for mobile rigs and drilling facilities.
Support of industrial Cisco switches IE2000.
Advanced QoS queuing technologies including WFQ, CBWFQ, WRED, LLQ, and FIFO.
Provide recommendations for standardization and stabilization strategies during and after migration.
Provide full support for migrations of data center and decommissioning.
Upgrade and train junior staff members on different networking technologies and the operation of each.
Responsible for monitoring infrastructure health, security and capacity in the network environment.
Made decisions and adjustments to ensure optimal network performance and organizational productivity.
Engage with multiple ISPs in an effort to reestablish network connectivity
Elaborate RCA and engage multiple teams in order to provide permanent solutions to L3 incidents and outages
Improve Jr level engineers’ skills by providing necessary material and training
Daily meetings with other NOC leaders to successfully follow up and find resolutions to major incidents.
Accountable for maintaining 100% network up-time by monitoring the network 24/7/365
Engage and lead Webex meetings with multiple different teams including security teams, remote technicians, ISPs, remote site managers in order to successfully drive the necessary tasks required to find solution and bring network up to full operation.
Work with Azure and AWS teams to create express routes (any to any IP VPN) and advertise (routing updates) via BGP to internal organizations.
Network Devices: Nexus 9k, 7k, 5k, 2k, Cat 3650, 3850, 3750, 6500, 4500, ISR 1100, 3900, 2900

Capital Projects Northwell Health (NorthShore LIJ), Melville, NY 08/2015 – 03/2017
Sr. Network Engineer
Responsibilities
Plan, design, configure, install and implementation of high-end, high-availability networks.
Project development, assessment of existing infrastructure, equipment selection, improve performance and reduce convergence time for smooth operation of highly sensitive clinical applications.
Implementation of security features to secure and protect client’s data and to adhere to HIPAA regulations and standards.
Deploy small remote sites with site-to-site DMVPN and prepare th2em for migration into Metro Ethernet.
Circuit configuration for Metro Ethernet sites. Technologies used:
EIGRP, BGP & MP-BGP, SNMPv2, CIDR, NAT, PAT, Route filtering, redistribution, route-maps, traffic shapping, PBR,
Enhanced ACL, DHCP, DNS, AAA, TACACS+ (for wired), RADIUS, IPSec, ISAKMP, QoS, CoS, ToS, DSCP
marking,
RSPAN, HSRP, VTP, dot1q, RSTP, GRE, PagP, CEF, DMVPN, NHRP, Metro Ethernet (Light path, Verizon).
Network devices: Nexus 9k, 7k, 5k, Cat 3650, 3850, 3750, 6500, ASR 1002, ISR 1100, 3900, 2900.

PROIT.CA – Capital Markets Venezuela – Owned office 11/2009 12/2014
Freelance Consultant
Responsibilities
Remote router and switch configurations, including initial basic accessibility through VTY lines, advanced QoS
configurations, DSCP marking and advanced routing using OSPFv3, EIGRP and static routing when needed.
Appropriate selection of networking equipment and Cisco OS/image based on the projected growth
and related technologies to be utilized like VOIP, video and high priority/latency-sensitive traffic.
Provide security procedures both physical and logical to access to be followed by the remote IT staff.
Design both logical and physical topologies and, when necessary, provide recommended steps to redesign existing
network infrastructure to avoid any downtime or accessibility to the network.
Network Analysis tools used SolarWinds, NetScout (NetFlow collector), CiscoWorks, and Wireshark among others.
Remote configuration of TACACS to provide different levels of configuration commands to users based on client policies.
Optimize, maintain, update, monitor and analyze the behavior, performance, and capacity of the data network.
Administration and implementation of security policies.
Design, operation and troubleshooting, project planning development.
Consulting and recommendations for expansion and reconfiguration.
Coordination and assistance of cabling (replacement, aggregation).
Manage and provide technical guidance to network team, providers and other members of the IT department.
Installation and configuration of routers, switches, access points and hubs.
Monitoring tools: Ciscoworks2000, Sniffer, NetScout, Netflow, Wireshark and other network analyzers.
Network requirement evaluation for design and solution implementation.
Assistance in planning and designing, engineering and definition of proper scalable network architecture to our customers.
Strategic planning of design for the network to meet the requirements of applications in use including implementation of new technologies without having a significant impact in the IT budget.
Define and develop methodologies to ensure the compatibility of all hardware and software.
Evaluation of provider proposals and recommendations of products and equipment selection.

Education
Computer Programming and Structures, IUTIRLA Associate Computer Science — 1999 – 2001
Contact this candidate