Pranavi B
Email: ad785k@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: +1-469-***-****
LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/pranavikot

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
Over 9 years of experience as a Network/Network Security professional, working in medium to large-scale environments, enterprise, and data center networks. Performed roles of Project Lead, Senior Network Engineer, Operations, and Deployment Engineer with clients that include financial institutions, healthcare, and cloud providers. Expert in switching, routing, network security, application delivery, wireless virtualization, and SDN.

CAREER HIGHLIGHTS:
Experienced Network Engineer with Cisco Certified Network Professional (CCNP) and Palo Alto Certified Network Security Engineer certifications, specializing in network analysis, design, implementation, capacity planning, and performance tuning for large enterprise networks.
Experience on Cisco Catalyst Series 3750, 4500, 6800, 6500, 9300, 9400, 9500.
Proficient in layer-3 Routing and layer-2 Switching, including Cisco ACI, Nexus models like 7K, 5K, 2K series, Cisco router models like 7200, 3800, 2800, 2600, 2500, 1800, 4300, 4400, 4500, ASR 1000 series.
Hands-on experience with data center technologies that include spine, leaf, Cisco ACI, Arista Cloude vision.
Skilled in implementing and troubleshooting complex layer 2 technologies such as VLAN Trunks, VTP, Ether channel, STP, RSTP and MST. Implementation of HSRP, VRRP, GLBP for First Hop Redundancy.
Responsible for Palo Alto and Cisco ASA firewall administration across global networks.
Worked on F5 LTM, GTM series like 6400, 6800, 8800 for the corporate applications and Cisco load balancers (CSM, ACE and GSS), F5, NetScaler.
Proficient in using the F5 based profiles, monitors, VIP’s, pools, SNAT, SSL offload, I Rules, virtual Servers, I APPs. Migration experience from ACE to F5/ old F5 to New F5. Expert in TMSH.
Support Citrix NetScaler and F5 platform, configuring, implementing, & troubleshooting Citrix NetScaler VIP configuration with health checks, policy configurations Access Gateway. Configuration of F5 GTM solutions, which includes Wide IP, Pool Load Balancing Methods, probers and monitors.
Experience in troubleshooting Juniper EX Switches EX2200, EX2500, EX3200, EX4200, EX4500, EX8200 series, Cisco and Meraki switches.
Installed and configured SD-WAN appliances from leading vendors Cisco Viptela, VMware Velocloud.
Led the migration from traditional WAN architectures to SD-WAN and Utilized SD-WAN monitoring tools and dashboards to track network performance.
Expertise in installing, configuring and troubleshooting Juniper Routers (E, J, M).
Design and configured Juniper Routers (MX960, MX480) and SRX Firewalls (SRX240, SRX550).
Enterprise Routing experience using protocols EIGRP, OSPF, BGP, IS-IS.
Configured and managed AWS networking services such as AWS Direct Connect, Virtual Private Cloud (VPC), and Elastic Load Balancers (ELB). Monitored and optimized network performance using AWS CloudWatch.
Managed Azure networking services such as Azure ExpressRoute, VPN Gateway, and Application Gateway.
Configured Network Security Groups (NSGs), Azure Firewall, and Azure Security Center to enforce security policies.
Implementing security policies using Cryptography, ACL, SDM, IPsec, VPN, and AAA Security on different series of routers.
Experience with Bluecoat Proxy servers, Zscaler Internet security and Packet Shaper Systems.
Operates and maintains (O&M) the Aruba ClearPass Policy Server and the Aruba Airwave Wireless Intrusion Detection System.
Worked on Cisco WLAN controllers for configuration of AP profiles, Access points, RF parameters, 802.1x integration with ISE, SSID, BYOD policies, wireless VLANs on Distribution switches.
Experienced in Cloud Networks and migration projects in AWS and Azure. Automation using Ansible.
Proficient in using various Network Management Tools and Sniffers like Wireshark (ethereal), HP-Open view, RSA envision, and Cisco works to support 24 x 7 Network Operation Center.
Excellent customer management/resolution, problem solving, debugging skills, with the ability to quickly learn, effectively analyze results and implement and deliver solutions both individually and as part of a team.
Proficient in using Microsoft VISIO/Office for technical documentation and presentation.
Experienced with VMWARE NSX, vSphere, vCenter, Configuration of switch ports for ESXi hosts. Worked with storage team on various projects.
Experienced in Microsoft Active Directory, NTFS permissions, AD migration and clean-up\ Support, and remote Exchange O365.
Designed, implemented and maintained AWS backend infrastructure.
Experience with managing and supporting Cloud Computing (AWS).
Cloud Networking AWS, AZURE, Routing, VPC, EC2, VMS.vNET, Routable, BGP Peering, VPN to on-premises device, AWS Direct connect.
Experience with Zscaler Cloud Proxy Architecture with ZIA, traffic forwarding using GRE tunnels to Zcloud, Azure AD Authentication, Access policies, ZAPP.

Education:
Master’s in cyber security, Southeast Missouri State university, Cape Girardeau, Missouri. GPA-3.9/4.
Bachelor’s in computer science engineering, SR Engineering College, India. GPA-8.5/10.

CERTIFICATION:
• Palo Alto Networks Certified Security Engineer (PCNE)
• Cisco Certified Network Professional (CCNP)
• Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA)
• CompTIA Security+

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Networking Technologies:
LAN/WAN Architecture, TCP/IP, Frame Relay, VPN, VLAN, VTP, NAT, PAT, STP, RSTP, PVST, MSTP, VDC, VPC, VxLAN, Fabric Path, OTV.
Networking Hardware:
Cisco Switches, Cisco Routers, ASA/Palo-Alto/Fortinet/Juniper firewalls, Cisco WLC and Aruba Wireless.
Routing Protocols:
OSPF, ISIS, EIGRP, RIP, MPLS, IS-IS, BGP, Multicasting.
Security Technologies:
PAP, CHAP, Blue Coat, Palo Alto, ASA, Fortinet, Checkpoint, Zscaler ZIA, ZPIA.
Network Monitoring:
SolarWinds, Wireshark, HR ping, Whatsup gold, Infoblox.
Operating Systems:
Windows 7, Vista, XP, 2000, LINUX, Cisco IOS, IOS XR, IOS-XE, NXOS, PAN-OS.
Routers:
ASR 1001-X,1002-X,1002-HX, CSR 1000v, Juniper M & T Series.
Load Balancers:
F5 Networks (BIG-IP), NetScaler (Citrix).
Capacity & performance:
Cascade Riverbed (Flow Monitor), WAN Killer.
Switches:
CISCO 2960, 3750, 3850, CAT 4500,6500,6800,9300,9400, ACI Fabric, Nexus 7k, 5k, 2k, Meraki MS390, MS350, MS350-24X.
Programming Languages:
C, C++, Perl, Power Shell, Python.
Simulation Tools:
GNS3, VMware, OPNET IT GURU, OPNET Modeler, Cadence.
Firewalls:
Juniper Net Screen (500/5200), Juniper SRX (650/3600), ASA (5520/5550/5580), McAfee Web Gateway, Checkpoint, Palo Alto firewalls.
First Hop Redundancy protocol
HSRP, GLBP, VRRP.
AAA Architecture:
TACACS+, RADIUS, Cisco ACS, ISE.
Features & Services:
IOS and Features, IPAM IRDP, NAT, SNMP, SYSLOG, NTP, DHCP, CDP, DNS, TFTP and FTP Management, Open Stack, IVR’s, HLD and LLD documents, Dell equal logics.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Client: Disney, NYC, NY August 2022 – Till Date
Role: Sr Network Engineer

Description: Worked on the implementation team to support data centers worldwide. Handled daily tickets related to Check Point firewalls, Zscaler, and NetScaler. Utilized NetScaler load balancers for uploading certificates and binding them to the virtual servers.
Responsibilities:
Set up tunnels from NetScaler devices to Zscaler cloud.
Experience with Zscaler Cloud Proxy Architecture with ZIA, traffic forwarding using GRE tunnels to Zcloud, Azure AD Authentication, Access policies, ZAPP.
Good hands-on experience and knowledge implementing, configuring, integrating and supporting the network security with Checkpoint, F5 Load balancers, Big-IP LTM, GTM.
Configured PZEN locally for source IP anchoring.
Worked on Zscaler policies, cloud app control policies, advanced threat, malware, sand box-based policies.
Implemented Azure AD SAML authentication for Zscaler authentication and AD group-based policies.
Conducted SCIM provisioning from Azure AD to Zscaler ZIA for users and groups sync.
Configured ZPA to replace traditional SSL VPN and configuration of PAC file.
Worked on setting up connectors on prem, communication outbound from Connectors to ZEN nodes.
Configured access policies in ZPA for various applications. Managed ZPA browser-based and Zapp-based access.
Experience in configuring forwarding profiles, app profiles for ZPA and ZIA in ZAPP.
Configured and managed LSS and NSS servers for log streaming and integration with local SIEM servers, enhancing security event visibility.
Managed Azure networking services, including Azure ExpressRoute, VPN Gateway, and Application Gateway.
Established and maintained connectivity to production and disaster recovery servers using Citrix NetScaler.
Implemented SSL offloading on NetScaler load balancers by uploading certificates, binding them to virtual servers, and configuring SSL policies and cipher suites for secure data transmission.
Monitored server health using various NetScaler load balancer tools, ensuring optimal performance and availability.
Implemented security policies by configuring Azure Firewall, Azure Security Center, and Network Security Groups (NSGs).
Conducted diagnostics on NetScaler systems using ns-trace and analyzed traces with Wireshark to troubleshoot and resolve network issues.
Responsible for the migration from Cisco ASA Firepower to Checkpoint firewall.
Configured Checkpoint ClusterXL for HA and fail-over for network reliability.
Configure and manage LDAP User management with Checkpoint Smart Direct.
Expertly uploaded, configured, and managed SSL/TLS certificates on Checkpoint firewalls
Implemented firewall policies and DMZ configurations for multiple clients using Checkpoint firewall.
Created and Managed Site VPN (IPSEC) and Client VPN (IPSEC, SSL) on Checkpoint R77.
Deployed and optimized Checkpoint's threat prevention features, including Intrusion Prevention Systems (IPS), Anti-Bot, and Anti-Virus.
Monitored and analyzed health metrics of NetScaler load balancers
Worked on Bluecoat proxy server, Tipping Point Intrusion Protection System management.
Experience in performing URL filtering and content filtering by adding URLs in Bluecoat Proxy SG’s.
Worked on cisco catalyst 3750, 3850, 9K series, 4500-X, 6500, Nexus 2K, 5K, 7K, ASR 1K and Routers in Campus and Data center Topologies.
Extensive use of Cisco Routers and Switches by using LAN & WAN routing protocol EIGRP, OSPF and BGP to manage network infrastructure worked with any complex routing and switching issues.
Managed companies Wireless Infrastructure includes to create new SSID, Flex/HREP in Aruba WLC.

Environment: Z-scaler, Citrix NetScaler, Check point firewall R77, Bluecoat proxy. Wireshark, Nexus (7k, 5k, 2k), cisco Meraki, Cisco firewall (5525-X, 5545-X), Cisco campus switches (4500, 6508-XL), Cisco catalyst switches (3850, 9300), SolarWinds, FortiGate firewalls (60E, 80E, 100E), Infoblox, routing protocols (EIGRP, OSPF, BGP), Aruba.
Client: Cummins, Nashville, TN March 2020 – June 2022
Role: Sr Network Engineer

Description: I was hired to migrate from Cisco ASA Firewalls to Palo Alto with Next Gen Firewall Features. F5 LTM and GTM installation in primary and redundant data centers. Network operations on Nexus family, Juniper EX series switches. Worked on Infoblox, Panorama, SolarWinds NPM, NCM and IPAM. Operational migration support on cisco ACI, Supported Zscaler migration from Iron ports.

Responsibilities:
Experience with configured FEX using Cisco Nexus 5K & 2K in access layer. Configured Nexus 2000 Fabric Extender (FEX) which acts as a remote line card (module) for the Nexus 5k to connect servers and storage devices.
Administered and configured Cisco and Juniper routers, switches, and multi-vendor firewalls.
Configured VPC, VDC in Nexus 7010/7018, Nexus 5K.
Managed and configured AWS networking services, including AWS Direct Connect, Virtual Private Cloud (VPC), and Elastic Load Balancers (ELB).
Monitored and optimized network performance through the utilization of AWS CloudWatch.
Experienced in configuring and troubleshooting WAN technologies.
Implemented SDN lab environments using Cumulus Linux for test-driving part of DC migration to SDN.
Developed documentation for Nexus 7K, ASR 9K, and ASR 1K platforms, supporting the successful deployment of new network devices.
Hands-on expertise with Ether Channel, Spanning Tree, Trucking, ACLs, Syslog. Expertise with the setup of HSRP, Access-Lists, and RIP, EIGRP, and tunnel installations.
Experience with converting Checkpoint VPN rules over to the Cisco ASA solution. Migration with both Checkpoint and Cisco ASA VPN experience.
Utilized App Volumes application to deliver efficient solutions for Horizon, Citrix XenApp, XenDesktop, and RDSH virtual environments.
Managed IPAM (IP Address management) system for extensive WAN/LAN networks (QIP) using SolarWinds IPAM and Infoblox DNS and DHCP servers. Experience with DHCP scopes, IP reservations, DNS host entries, pointers, delegations, Zones, DNS Sec etc.
Designed and implemented Cisco/Meraki enterprise wireless solutions for corporate infrastructures.
Migrated from Cisco 3500 and 6500 series switches to Juniper EX series switches.
Deploying Cisco Aironet 2700, 3700 Series, Cisco Meraki Enterprise Cloud Access Points and Wireless Bridges/Repeater for LAN Expansions.
Supported Zscaler proxy projects, including policy configuration, logging, blacklist management, GRE tunnels from F5 to Zscaler cloud, PAC file modifications, and ZAPP testing.
Configured F5 LTM, series 5000 series for corporate applications and high availability. Implemented LTM and GTM in DMZ and Internal networks. Worked on software versions up to 12.1.2. Experience with upgrading software and hotfix. Experience with APM and ASM modules.
Successful migration of Cisco ASA Firewalls to Palo Alto Networks firewalls, integrating advanced security features such as App-ID, User-ID, and Threat Prevention to enhance network security posture.
Designed and implemented next-generation firewall policies and configurations on Palo Alto firewalls.
Worked on Cisco ACI, provisioning Leaf’s and Spine switches, Configuration through APIC. Expert in Tenants, VRF, Bridge Domains, subnets, APP Profiles, EPGs, Contracts, and Access Group Policies for segmentation.
Managed the installation and configuration of F5 Local Traffic Manager (LTM) and Global Traffic Manager (GTM) in primary and redundant data centers.
Configured advanced F5 LTM features, including SSL offloading, iRules.
Installed, configured, and troubleshot Cisco routers (3800, 3600, ASR 9K).
Strong hands-on experience on, ASA Firewalls, Palo Alto Firewalls. Implemented Security Policies using ACL, Firewall, IPSEC, SSL VPN, IPS/IDS, AAA (TACACS+ & RADIUS).
Provided operational migration support for Cisco Application Centric Infrastructure (ACI), including configuration, deployment, and validation of ACI policies and network automation features.
Configured VRRP, GLBP, VLAN trunking (802.1Q & ISL), STP, and port security on Catalyst 9300 and 9400 switches.
Acquired knowledge of JUNOS platform and performed IOS upgrades on Juniper devices.
Exchange O365 account administration\ troubleshooting, Exchange calendar/shared folder permissions and delegation.

Environment: Cisco ASA Firewalls, F5 ADC, Cisco 3900,4300,4400,4500 Routers, Cisco Catalyst switches 6500, 3750, 3550, 2960,4500,6500,6800,9300,9400 Switches, Juniper SSG-140, Palo Alto Wildfire, Juniper EX series switches, Nexus 7k, 5k, ASR 9k, ASR 1k, Nexus 2000 FEX, Juniper SRX, Routing Protocols: BGP, OSPF, AAA (TACACS+ & RADIUS), TCL Scripting, ACL Configuration.

Client: Boston Medical Center, Boston, MA Oct 2018 - Mar 2020
Role: Sr Network Engineer

Description – Worked in a NOC team on Layer 1/2/3 issues in the network. Experienced in various Cisco switches and routers. Assisted with troubleshooting all network issues with routers and switches when necessary and consulted with on-call tech as needed for clients. Worked as part of a network team where my daily tasks included configuration, monitoring, and troubleshooting TCP/IP networks. Worked on firewall rules and VPN tunnels. Responsibilities included cabling and racking.

Responsibilities:
Configured and managed Cisco routers 7200, 3700 and Cisco switches 4900, 2900, experience on Arista 7150S,7160 series switches and 7508R Routers.
Installed and Configured Cisco Catalyst switches 9400,9300,9200,6500,4500 series and Implemented routing protocols OSPF, EIGRP, BGP with Access Control lists implemented as per Network Design Document and followed the change process as per IT policy.
Maintained redundancy on Cisco 2600, 2800 and 3600 routers with HSRP. Configured CISCO Routers (2600, 2800 Series) and 3550, 4500 series switches.
Deployed Nexus switches 2248, 5548, 7010 and implemented features like FEX Links, VPC, VRF, VDC, and OTV, Fabric Path.
Migrated from Cisco ASA to Palo Alto 9.0 firewall using Palo Alto Migration tool (Expedition 2.0).
Managed Palo Alto firewalls (PA-820/850/3020/3050/5050) by deploying Panorama management system, performed different operations on firewall to monitor/ block/ allow traffic.
Managed Palo Alto firewalls including multi-VSYS instances, BGP peering, security policies, and threat prevention components.
Troubleshot complex LAN/WAN infrastructures, including firewall logging, DMZ configurations, security policies, monitoring, documentation, and change control.
Create private VLANs, prevent VLAN hopping attacks, mitigate spoofing with snooping & IP source guard.
Worked on SolarWinds NPM, NCM, IPAM, Windows DHCP and DNS. Infoblox as DHCP and DNS server.
Enabled STP enhancements to accelerate network convergence using Port-fast, Uplink-fast and backbone-fast.
Configured SITE-TO-SITE VPN on Cisco routers between headquarters and branch locations.
Implemented security architecture for complex transport and application architectures, addressing vulnerabilities with access control lists on core and failover firewalls.
Supported network infrastructure in data center environments, including routers, switches, and wireless access points.
Supported Quality Inspections and Operational Tests for Aruba Networks Controllers (2GWLAN) and Access Points (3800, 1562, 6000 controllers, AP65, 70, 124, 85, 125).
Configured guest access using Aruba ClearPass and web authentication.
Configured port channels between core switches and server distribution switches. Troubleshot DNS, DHCP, and IP conflicts using various sniffing tools such as Wireshark.
Hands on experience with security issues like applying ACL’s, configuring NAT and VPN.
Planned and executed cabling strategies for network infrastructure.
Troubleshot network issues daily, providing solutions for connectivity problems and hardware issues.
Scheduled changes and handled maintenance requests during weekends.
Assisted in troubleshooting LAN connectivity and hardware issues for a network of 100 hosts.
Active Directory, DNS, and DHCP troubleshooting.
`
Environment: Cisco 2600/2800/3700/7200 routers, Cisco ASA, TCP/IP, VLSM, AD, DNS, Switching/Routing, Cisco Catalyst switches 9400,9300,9200,6500,4500

Genpact, HYD, IND May 2015 – September 2018
Role: Network Operations Engineer (Wireless, Switching, Routing, Firewalls)

Description: Worked on the operations team to support Sprint Core Network Data Centers across the country. Worked on Cisco and Dell switching and routing, multi-vendor firewalls, proxies, wireless LAN controllers, LTE testing, and wireless testing using proprietary Sprint tools.

Responsibilities:
Implemented trunking using Dot1Q, and ISL on Cisco Catalyst Switches.
Worked on Nexus 5548, Nexus 2248, Nexus 2232, Cisco 12418, 12416 Cisco 7200VXR, Cisco 6513, and Cisco OSR, Cisco 4507 Routers, Cisco 6500, 4500, 3750 & 3560 switches.
Installed and maintained Cisco 2901, 3925, 7500, 7200, 12000 backbone routers with HSRP and various IGP routing protocols such as RIP, EIGRP, and OSPF.
Configured and deployed routing protocols OSPF, EIGRP & BGP over Cisco routers in production environments, including manipulation of routing updates using route-maps, distribute lists, and administrative distances.
Configured DMZ Wireless controller for guest users and documented technical reports and bill of materials.
Configured Management port Interface and Service port Interface on Virtual Wireless controllers 5508 and 5520 for lab and staging of AP’s.
Configured and maintained SSIDs, wireless security protocols, and access policies.
Conducted LTE signal testing and performance benchmarking using proprietary Sprint tools to evaluate network quality.
Utilized proprietary Sprint testing tools to conduct comprehensive wireless testing, including signal analysis, site surveys, and network optimization.
Configured, monitored, and troubleshot Cisco ASA 5500 series firewalls.
Designed and implemented VPN tunnel with IPsec and GRE and Cisco ASA based security infrastructure.
Designed and assisted in deploying enterprise-wide network security and high availability solutions for Cisco ASA.
Proficient in segmentation, isolation, and micro-segmentation networking concepts, including firewalls, NAT, SNAT, DNAT, and load balancing technologies.
Involved in implementation of overall security system including access-list and NAT design for various Cisco access lists, a RADIUS/TACACS+ AAA server, a Linux syslog server and network monitoring using SNMP.
Experienced with NSX Micro-segmentation for intrinsic security capabilities through a purpose-built security architecture with NSX.
Configured and maintained VMware vSphere virtual server infrastructure.
Utilized network analyzers such as Wireshark, Ethereal, and Sniffer for packet analysis.
Performed break-fix support, including traveling to different locations to identify and resolve hardware issues with switches and routers.
Involved in LAN design, troubleshooting, and maintenance to meet company requirements.
Used sniffing tools like Ethereal for network problem analysis.
Worked on LTE signal testing, benchmark testing using tools like NEMO, XCAL, TEMS etc.
Designed, configured, and managed Blue Coat Proxy Servers. Experience with F5 load balancers and Cisco load balancers (CSM, ACE and GSS). Configured Cisco Access Control Server (ACS) to enforce security policy in User Groups.
Administered network devices hosting Windows and Linux/Unix servers (physical and virtual).
Maintained and troubleshot network connectivity issues using PING and Trace Route.
Troubleshot VLAN, VLAN trunking, and HSRP failover issues.
Configured IP addressing using FLSM and VLSM for applications and servers across the company.
Implemented Switch Port Security features according to company’s policy.
Provided technical support for expansion of the existing network architecture to incorporate new users.

Environment: Cisco 3925, 2620, 1900 routers, Cisco 3750, 2950 Switches, Routing protocols: EIGRP, RIP, OSPF, BGP, FHRP: HSRP, Sniffing Tools: Ethereal, Wireshark, Port Security, SRX Firewall, VLAN, 802.1Q Trunking, Cisco ASA 5500.
Contact this candidate