Erick Franklin Corcoran
ad7a74@r.postjobfree.com
304-***-****
Career Objectives:
To continue to grow in knowledge, excel in implementing and managing corporate network infrastructures, interact and share with team members, and forward programming knowledge to create real world solutions related to secured network administration.
Clearance: (Inactive) DoD SECRET, (Inactive)NIH Public Trust Work Experience
Medical Hiatus N/A
September 2022 – Present
Occam Solutions / NIH
July 2021 – September 2022
Server Lead
Re engineered Active Directory structure and Group Policies to comply with NIH security standards.
Authored network tools in powershell for various server based functions and Active Directory object manipulation.
Assisted Applications Team in troubleshooting issues post migration to new structure / policies.
Maintained current Active Directory while migrations happened.
Maintained and administered Epsilon and 3PAR san storage.
Utilized NetAPP Ontap for NetAPP SAN administration (AFF A800). Insight Global / AT&T
January 2020 – June 2021
Tier 3 NOC Administrator / Engineer
Configured and Administered Lab and Production Netscout implementation(s)
Installed and configured Lab Science Logic implementation
Configured Lab ESKM implementation (Drive Encryption) for both 3Par and StoreOnce
Maintained 3Par and StoreOnce accessibility.
Assisted in configuration and administration of hybrid SAN accessibility for NetAPP utilizing OnTAP.
Wrote powershell scripts to interact with the Microsoft Teams Tenant
Performed STIG review for NIPR / SIPR systems
Maintained virtualized environment using IBM MCP tools
Assisted in patching systems with SCCM
American Systems / TIMS
April 2015 – October 2019
Senior Network Engineer / Windows Admin / Application Engineer
Engineered and maintained test environment for DHMSM / TIMS
Maintained VMWare environment and templates to ensure uniform server configuration
Engineered Server 2012 / AD environment for DoD net connectivity utilizing DISA STIG standards
Mitigated DISA STIG requirements and associated POA&M items to ensure first time success for DISA Accreditation (NIPR)
Implemented and maintained DISA PKI-PKE / CAC authentication and single sign on for Windows and Linux users (Linux utilizing windows services for Linux)
Implemented, configured and maintained environment OCSP responder and local CRLs for CAC Authentication and certificate verification
Maintained patch compliance utilizing HP SA
Maintained software compliance utilizing HP SA
Maintained and administered HP SureStore and NetAPP SAN accessibility using HP tools and OnTAP.
Engineered AD backups utilizing Windows Server Backup and CommVault
Engineered Window 10 pilot for VDI access, including CAC authentication at the pool level. WFR Technologies / INTERPOL NCB Washington
May 2014 – April 2015
Senior Network Engineer / Virtualization / SQL / SCCM / Infrastructure Engineer
Implemented SCCM 2012 R2 into existing environment.
Upgraded Brocade FastIron Switch Chassis modules to 3rd Gen technology.
Integrated AD and / or PIV authenticated WiFi access (both internal nets and public guest net).
Implemented WDS for OS deployment automation.
Implemented automated backups of network appliance configurations.
Maintained 200+ virtual servers (Hyper-V) and supporting infrastructure.
Implemented SCCM 2012 and SCEP across the organization.
Created, maintained and updated OS images and application packages for auto deployment via PXE, SCCM/SMS, and scripted deployment.
SOSi International / Department of State / Ministry of the Interior November 2011 – May 2014
Senior Network Administrator / Virtualization / SAN Administrator / Team Lead
Managed Multi-Node VMWare HA Cluster, including SAN connectivity.
Incorporated and managed SQL 2008 R2 Cluster for Share Point Storage.
Assisted in implementing and managing LYNC 2010 Enterprise Communication Solution, and associated Exchange 2010 tie-in, including Polycom VVX 500 Lync enabled phones.
Managed daily disaster recovery operations utilizing Backup Exec 2012.
Assisted in implementing and managing Citrix remote connectivity utilizing RSA Appliances and FOBs.
Implemented and managed ESX VSphere 5 HA environment.
Implemented and managed (including storage space upgrades) HP Left Hand 4000 SAN system.
Implemented and managed Cisco Network Infrastructure consisting of Cisco 3650E and Cisco 3750X Fiber switches and Cisco 3950 Routers (managed via Cisco Network Assistant).
Implemented and managed McAfee Sidewinder Firewalls (paired for HA).
Migrated Share Point and Project databases from single SQL server to clustered SQL environment.
Assisted in 120 seat workstation roll out utilizing PXE imaging.
Implemented Fiber Optic connectivity to OPM-MOI’s primary site for internet connectivity.
Performed part-time purchasing duties for expendable items and lower cost upgrades.
Managed enterprise network security utilizing Symantec Endpoint Protection (Anti-Virus and Hardware Control).
Managed Whats Up Gold implementation for network appliance monitoring and outage alerting.
Managed Server 2008 R2 Active Directory implementation.
Assisted in implementing and managing Fortinet network security appliances (including Fortigate and Fortimail appliances).
Implemented and managed Polycom HDX 5000 VTC solution for Video Teleconferencing (with multi connection capabilities installed).
Implemented and maintained AD integrated Adobe Connect ELearning environment. Technisource / American Systems
December 2010 – November 2011
Senior Network Administrator / Virtualization Administrator
Migrated American Systems SPOT program and TOPSS project VM infrastructure to VSphere 4.1 from VMWare 3.5, ensuring no downtime during the migration.
Maintained Active Directory integrity during migration.
Stood up new VMs as needed for project growth.
Created and maintained corporate network diagrams.
Designed and implemented corporate disaster recovery environment utilizing Backup Exec 12 incorporating retention sets encompassing a month long period (4 weekly and 1 monthly backup sets with a rolling week offsite backup set).
Administered project firewalls, VLANs, load balancers (F5), Fiber switches, and SAN environment
(EMC and NetApp).
Implemented, documented and administered several Windows Clusters for fault tolerant SQL clustered environments.
Operating Systems used (migrations) Server 2003 to Server 2008 Enterprise x64, Server 2003 to Server 2003 Enterprise.
WFR Technologies / United States Department of Justice May 2009 – October 2010
Senior Network Administrator
Implemented, configured and maintained several fault tolerant VMware ESX 3.5 and VSphere 4.0 clusters to ensure maximum uptime, resource allocation, datastore availability, virtual switch and network connectivity, and Virtual Machine operability.
Implemented, configured and maintained multiple server platforms across the Department’s infrastructure to meet customers needs based on supplied configuration parameters and requirements.
Performed multiple Physical to Virtual and Virtual to Virtual server migrations leveraging VMware’s Standalone Converter Client.
Assumed Project Lead position and duties on several high visibility projects, including Cygwin Red Hat / SSH connectivity rollout, eTrust Anti Virus client / server environment upgrade rollout, SCOM 2007 pilot and beta implementations, and migrating the division’s Blade server environment into fault tolerant virtual server clustered farms.
Managed the Application Hosting division’s Active Directory Schema on a daily basis to and including new user additions, Organizational Unit structuring to provide a streamlined hierarchy, and user / group assignments within the schema.
Managed the Application Hosting division’s client side security settings via Group Policy Objects including local security settings, local restricted group membership and enforcement, OS level configuration settings, Time server settings and enforcement.
Created, managed and resolved Change Request, Isolated Impact Change Request and Help Desk level issues generated within Remedy based on customer requirements and issue submissions.
Automated division wide eTrust upgrade from version 7 to version 8.1 via Batch file and VB Script, including distribution server parameter configuration, update scheduling, default virus scan configuration, and hierarchy organization via eTrust ITM server.
Automated implementation of Red Hat Cygwin to leverage SSH connectivity across several subnets via VB Script, including installation, configuration, SSH service configuration and domain user account addition to Cygwin group and passwd files.
Researched, compiled, and wrote several technical documents for divisional archives both in trade and layman’s terms covering major IT administration points of interest.
Interacted with end users and customers on a daily basis regarding on going incidents and projects, working closely with customer technical staff.
Operating Systems used (migrations) Server 2003 to Server 2008, Server 2003 to Server 2003 Enterprise. Edgar Online
June 2008- March 2009
Senior Network Administrator
Managed several load balanced IIS server farms to ensure maximum uptime for the company's web sites.
Implemented/incorporated new versions of hardware/software into the company's server infrastructure to keep the hardware and software platforms on the current edge of technology.
Managed and maintained a multiple domain AD forest.
Created several VB scripts to automate common tasks in the company's infrastructure.
Implemented virtualization technology utilizing both Microsoft Hyper-V and VMWare. This included virtual web servers, virtual domain controllers, and clustered virtual SQL database servers.
Interacted with remote customers to troubleshoot problems with the company's web site(s).
Implemented and maintained ISA Server 2006 to allow for VPN connectivity for remote users.
Managed and implemented daily and weekly updates to the company's web sites and web application spread across approximately 10 front end load balances web servers and 15 load balanced web application servers.
Managed company's Exchange 2003 environment.
Spearheaded effort to migrate physical servers to virtual servers using VMWare and Hyper-V
Performed day to day help desk activities.
Operating Systems used (migrations) Server 2003 to Server 2008, Server 2003. Dynamic Analytics and Test
March 2004 – June 2008
Senior Network Administrator
Rewired corporate classified networks to exceed NISPOM standards to ensure recertification of classified environment was successful.
Converted corporate email system from remotely hosted email to an in-house Microsoft Exchange email system with third party SPAM filtering.
Managed all internal networks (Unclassified, Secret, and Top Secret), and implemented Active Directory based security policies.
Created and maintained data backup systems, and implemented corporate disaster recovery schema.
Integrated Microsoft Share Point Services into corporate networks, with internet accessibility enabled through Microsoft ISA server.
Developed custom network administration applications to perform automated network administration tasks.
Configured, implemented, and maintained the corporate Cisco PIX 515 firewall.
Maintained corporate web site, and routinely updated published information.
Performed duties as interim ISSM, and Security Custodian after full time ISSM was hired.
Performed weekly security and event log audits.
Created a VB script to dump the contents of each networked PCs’ event logs into Access databases and created critical entry reports for the ISSM review.
Performed all help desk activities.
AT&T Government Solutions
March 2001 – March 2004
Network Administrator
Created and maintained data backup systems, and implemented corporate disaster recovery schema.
Co-created a load balanced, high availability data system for the Nuclear Regulatory Commissions’ Licensing Support Network.
Co-created a load balanced, high availability data system for the Federal Trade Commissions’ Do Not Call Registry.
Implemented and supported Brooke Haven National Labs’ Foremost Electronic Document Repository.
Implemented and supported the National Archives and Records Administrations’ Foremost Electronic Document Repository.
Implemented and supported the Department of Justices’ Victim Notification Service Foremost Electronic Document Repository.
Assisted in the Center for Medicare and Medicaids’ transition from IBM to AT&T network services.
Co-wrote AT&T Government Services’ in house network administration tools.
Maintained server and data storage environment.
Performed daily help desk activities.
Obtained certification for installing and administering TrueArcs’ Foremost electronic document repository suite.
Micro-Frame Solutions, LLC
June 1999 – March 2001
Network Engineer
Implemented and supported multiple customer networks.
Trained several PC and printer technicians on basic PC and network troubleshooting.
Obtained MCSE + Internet certification.
Remote administered customer networks using Microsoft Terminal Services and PC Anywhere.
Designed and created corporate website.
Wrote custom E-Commerce web applications for corporate customers.
Performed tier 3 service for in house printer and PC repairs.
Obtained and utilized knowledge of fiber optic cable termination. Systems Plus (NIST)
January 1997 – June 1999
Network Engineer
Assisted network administrators in implementing and maintaining campus-wide networks.
Co-created SIMNET, a world wide real time video conferencing package that allowed companies around the world to calibrate devices.
Performed maintenance and support for the campus’ Macintosh clients.
Implemented SAMBA sharing to allow cross platform (UNIX, Wintel and Macintosh) file sharing.
Implemented and supported Synchronize, the campus’ calendar and meeting application.
Configured ISDN bridges, allowing for off site personnel to VPN.
Performed cross platform backups, and maintained disaster recovery procedures.
Assisted in implementing and supporting several of NISTs’ video conferencing rooms.
Contact this candidate