Fernando Verano
**** ********* ****** **.
Humble, TX, 77396 713-***-**** or 832-***-****
ad7bkh@r.postjobfree.com
Engineering
A seasoned Engineer credited with streamlining processes, helping teams to success, developing alternative cost saving solutions for clients. Strong expertise in management, software, presentations, software analysis and much more. Prepared to impact a new organization with extensive leadership and technical background.
Areas of Expertise

Engineering Strategy
High-Level Sales Proficiency
Strategic Planning/Analysis
Equipment Management
Team Leadership
Software Analysis
New Business Development
Technical Configuration
Payroll Analysis
Hardware Repair
Inventory Control
Team Scheduling

Professional Experience
NOV - Wired Drill Pipe – Conroe, TX 2023 – Present
Field Engineer
Field Engineer, in charge of optimization and control of communications with Wired Pipe network.,
support operations for the Blackbox high frequency data acquisition tool.

Schlumberger - Smith Bits. – i-Drill, Houston, TX 2007 – 2023
Senior i-Drill Engineer (Technical sales support engineer)
Improved BHA performance by executing a “FEA” finite element analysis for dynamic and static BHA to identify solutions that minimize vibrations and stick/slip during drilling operations.
Demonstrated more effective methods regarding the use of i-DRILL technology to eliminate the risk and expense of trial-and-error procedures on the rig to customers.
Developed conclusions and recommendations through the analysis of dynamic drilling assembly results through multiple output from the simulations.
Created synthesized presentations of 3D video clips of simulated BHA.
Examine and complete reports of causes of failure related with BHA drilling performance.
Complete reports and client deliverables with drilling parameters recommendations to minimized field failures,
Schlumberger Oilfield Services - D&M, Youngsville, LA 2004 – 2007
Field Engineer (MWD/LWD field engineer)
Mainly offshore and land rigs, helped the clients with activities related with logging and drilling and give basic maintenance recommendations to the drilling tools.
Recommended maintenance and or troubleshooting of the logging tools (MWD/LWD) for maintenance and or repair after every run and depending on the time the tools have been in hole.
While on the field Troubleshooting as needed, drilling system communications, field sensors and logging tools.
Create daily drilling reports, and EOW (end of well ) reports related to Drilling performance.
On the shop floor, helped perform basic maintenance to the field logging tools to get them ready for the next job.
Headed preparation of setup equipment/tools to ensure alignment with customer well plan.
Developed synthesized paperwork and logs for final, client deliverables.
Assessed surface and downhole equipment while recording real time inclination and direction to provide clients with accurate Gamma Ray and Resistivity data measurements.
Supported efficient atmosphere for clients by consistently exceeding requirements.

McCoy Inc., Houston, TX 2001 – 2004
Assistant Manager (2003 – 2004)
Designated to control and order a wide array inventory of parts needed for office furniture repairs.
Managed Service Technician schedules.
Instructed staff regarding how to fulfill client expectations accurately at multiple worksites.
Service Technician (2001 – 2003)
Performed extensive repairs on cubicles, chairs, and more office furniture within the organization’s shop or by traveling directly to client site.
Compaq Computer Corporation, Houston, TX 2000 – 2001
Assembly line Technician
Coordinated production line of the Presario 5000’s, 7000’s, the Armada and Proliant series.
Managed the installation of the main board, Ram memory and processor to the chassis of the new computers.

Publications (co-author)
Application of Advanced Dynamics Modeling Significantly Improves the Stability of Rotary Steerable Drilling with Roller Reamers, Mexico
Advanced FEA Modeling Produces First Directional Tandem Reamer BHA: Eliminates Trip on Deepwater Exploration Well
Managing Downhole Vibrations for Hole-Enlargement-While-Drilling in Deepwater Environment: A Proven Approach Utilizing Drill string Dynamics Model
Real-Time Reamer Vibration Predicting, Monitoring, and Decision-Making using Hybrid Modeling and a Process Digital Twin
Integrated Efforts to Understand and Solve Challenges in 26-in Salt Drilling, Gulf of Mexico

Education & Training
Bachelor of Science in Project Management (2014)
ITT TECHNICAL INSTITUTE Houston, TX

Associate of Science in Computer and Electronics Engineering Technology (2002)
ITT TECHNICAL INSTITUTE Houston, TX
Contact this candidate