DAN O. KIAGE
**** ********* ****
Douglasville, Georgia 30134
Phone: 678-***-****
E-mail: ad7hp3@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVE:
To obtain a challenging position that will provide opportunity for professional advancement and fully utilize my skills.

EXPERIENCE:
Freelance Field Network Engineer
January 2023 – Present
FIELD NATION, WORK MARKET, TechLink and Barrister
CKS project reimaging computers, deployment and general networking, troubleshooting network connectivity issues and fixing cabling issues, access points, printers, switches and in-house devices.
Cabling projects, Network, Computers and Printers deployments. Manage, add and remove users in the domain.
Installation, troubleshooting and configuration of various IT devices servers, firewalls, switches, Data remote, circuits, Access Points and cradle points.
POSs, cameras and registers installations and troubleshooting.

Technical Engineer
December 2019 – April 2023
TEKWISSEN LLC, Ann Arbor, Michigan
Install and repair hardware and software for various clients. Break/fix laptops, desktop computers and printers.
Use and support ServiceNow to automate and support IT service management, track and report customer support tickets counts, response times, to resolve and improve customer support.
Support and use Confluence to create a single source for software documentation, ease communication between development teams and non-technical stakeholders, and manage process and communication across the organization.
Provide project support imaging and deployment of windows 7, 2010, MS Office 365, 2010 and 2013, MS outlook to new and used desktop computers and laptops.
Configure, deploy, and upgrade new laptops and desktop computers, tablets, printers, scanners and other wireless devices. Perform end user data back-up & recovery ensuring attention to detail.
Provide application and user support and resolution for system, application and data issues, incoming calls, emails, and tickets generated. Support users with Windows 2010, MS outlook and MS office 2010, 2013, Office 365 and Mac OS.
Troubleshoot and correct processing errors, resolve network and wireless connectivity.
Plan and conduct preventive maintenance including installation of service packs, patches, hot fixes, and antivirus software.
Assist users with Bit locker encryption, antivirus, and malware/spyware removal software.
Coordinate with vendor support contacts to resolve technical problems with printers, laptop, desktop hardware and software.
Experience supporting WebEx, Zoom, Cisco VoIP phones and Jabber client, remote workers and troubleshooting VPN and remote technology issues.

Technical/Desktop Engineer (Douglas County Public Schools)
May 2019 – December 2019
MACROTECH Technologies, Austell, Georgia
Configured and installed routers, switches and other network devices and monitored network performance and integrity.
Installed and maintained system software on LAN and WAN servers. Provided technical support on the operation and administration functions associated with LAN and WAN configuration, by using SMS.
Used Active Directory to manage computers and other devices on a network, created and managed domains, users, and objects within a network.
Imaged windows 2010, Office 2010 and MS outlook to new and used computers and laptops.
Used Jira to track project progress, project management, workflow, and bug tracking
Installed, tested, and connected wireless connectivity, mapped network printers.
Installed and upgraded software and applications on workstations and laptops using imaging software
Configured, deployed, and upgraded new laptops and desktop computers, tablets, printers, scanners, and other wireless devices.
Provided application support, that included: Troubleshooting and resolved client network, workstation, and software issues in relation to windows 2010 and MS office 365 and 2010, Resolved day to day technical problems.

Technical Support
January 2010 -- December 2017
Motherland Freight Services, Douglasville, GA
Key Qualifications & Responsibilities
Provided first and second level support for hardware, software, application problems and special requests
Supported users with Windows 2010, office 2010 and Office 365
Configured and deployed new or replacement systems.
Used Active Directory to manage computers and other devices on a network, created and managed domains, users, and objects within a network.
Worked in coordination with employees to analyze and resolve issues with company supplied end-use equipment
Clearly identified and understood employee requirements and provides a high level of success to meet or exceed these requirements. Documented, maintained and published PC/Mac related standards and procedures
Researched and planned required support and coordinated end-user upgrades, enhancements and patches throughout the organization in a timely, efficient and professional manner

Field Computer Technician.
March 2006 -- November 2009
UNISYS Computer Corporation, Norcross GA
Computer technician specializing in troubleshooting and configuring Windows-based technology. Ticket clearance rate in top 1%.
Focused on speed and communication with a proven track record of customer satisfaction and productivity.
Analyzed system performance of desktop and laptop computers to prioritize and schedule software and hardware upgrades for different clients.
Spearheaded troubleshooting process initiative that cut downtime due to computer and network issues.
Installed and repaired hardware and software for various clients.

Technical Support (IBM/ING Windows XP Rollout and LAN support)
August 2005 -- December 2005
TEK Systems, Atlanta, Georgia
Diagnosed, troubleshoot, and resolved customer hardware, software, and network issues, application configuration, documentation, authentication and Microsoft Office Productivity Suite Tools and Lotus Notes. Network principles, including TCP/IP, network and IP configuration, subnet masks, Wireless and Computer hardware elements, including processor and memory.
Installed and maintained system software on LAN servers. Provided technical support on the operation and administration functions associated with LAN configuration, by using SMS
Troubleshoot and ran complex diagnostics on microcomputers and server equipment.
Effected repairs on microcomputers. Installed and upgraded hardware and software as required.
Provided technical assistance to users for software and hardware related problems. Identified and provided description and specifications for repair parts. Resolved software related problems. Analyzed causes of abnormal termination of application software.
Build and Repaired IBM PCs and ThinkPad laptops, imaging and ghosting of Windows XP for about 800 users.
Member of desktop and helpdesk team troubleshoots technical problems of end users regarding software and hardware applications.
Utilized complex diagnostic tools to analyze telecommunications and microcomputer deficiencies. Took corrective action such as repairing and/or replacing workstations. Received, tagged, distributed, and tracked hardware inventory. Provided detailed information on malfunctions of equipment under warranty for reporting to vendor.
Provided support for multiple custom application that were specific to the ING Financial business
Troubleshoot problems with applications and communications and supported internal networked/desktop systems, installed tested and connected wireless connectivity, mapping network printers and Network Drives

Desktop Engineer (Atlanta Public Schools)
May 2005 -- August 2005
EN POINTE Technologies, Atlanta, Georgia
Provided technical support to teachers and students in troubleshooting various PC problems and Microsoft office 2003, Outlook/Exchange
Build and Repaired PCs and laptops, imaging and ghosting of Windows 2000 and XP
Provided training to teachers how to use windows XP and 2000 and in house programs that were specific to Atlanta public Schools
Installed, tested and connected wireless connectivity, mapped network printers
Installed and upgraded software and applications on workstations and laptops

Computer Technician
April 2004 -- May /2005
US MICRO Corporation, Smyrna, Georgia
Build and Repaired PCs and laptops, imaging and ghosting of Windows 95/98/ NT/2000/XP using Norton Ghost. Fixed machines either by troubleshooting or replacing parts when necessary.
Tracked and monitored calls using Remedy software and Microsoft Access.
Provided phone and technical support to users in troubleshooting various PC problems and Microsoft office 2000/2003, Outlook/Exchange in a mixed environment.
Installed, modified and made repairs to PC hardware and software systems, and provided technical assistant and training to system users
Troubleshoot technical problems of end users regarding software and hardware applications in a multi-platform environment
Trained and installed Microsoft Office 2000/20003
Repaired, fixed and tested different types of printers, copiers and scanners and PC hardware and software
Wiped all hard drives and memory cards using G. Disk software

System Engineer (Consulting at Major Pharmaceutical companies)
March 1998 -- December 2003
VISALIGN, LLC. New York, New York
Configured and implementer LANs and WANs
Supported NT 4.0 network in a multi-domain environment.
Supported Windows XP in a multi-domain environment.
Build PCs and laptops images with Windows 95, 2000 and XP using Norton Ghost. Fixed machine either by troubleshooting or replacing the parts. Worked on PCs with network connectivity problems. Installed and configured network variables. Set up SCSI devices (internal and external). Repair Dell PCs and laptops.
Installed and upgraded software and applications on server and workstations
Upgraded windows 95 to windows 2000 with other staff for over 3000 users, Member of Helpdesk and technical support.
Administered local user accounts, user rights and permissions
Installed and configured network and local printers, workstations and network connectivity, Installed and configured other utilities such as RAS (Remote Access Service), pcANYWHERE Troubleshoot server problems using TCP/IP and Arcserve utilities.
Designed and organized switches, Hubs and Parch Panel connection.
Installed and configured various software and hardware. Member of desktop and helpdesk team troubleshoots technical problems of end users regarding software and hardware applications in a multi-platform environment. Coordinated with support personnel in solving end users’ hardware and software problems.
Installed and supported palm pilots, troubleshoot various hardware and software issues.
Provided support for multiple custom application that were specific to the pharmaceutical business.
Migrated data from Novell NetWare to NT server and workstation 4.0, Set outlook, Token Ring to Ethernet, Provided migration support for a large rollout of Windows NT Workstation 4.0 on new and existing PCs.
Installed and configured NT Workstation, Lotus Notes, Microsoft Office 97, Extra! Terminal Emulation, Netscape, Internet explorer, Rumba, and outlook on Pentium-based desktops and laptops. Also responsible for backing up existing hard drives to Novell Bindery and NDS Servers, connecting to NT Servers via TCP/IP for software installation and SMS auditing.
Prepared documents for backup from Windows 3.1x environment to NT and Novell servers.

TECHNICAL SUMMARY:
Ticketing system: Experience working with Jira, ServiceNow, Remedy
IT platforms and concepts: Office 365/exchange, Microsoft office, confluence/Jira, windows 7
Operating Systems: DOS, Novell Netware 3.1x/4.1x, Windows 3.11/95/98/XP/2010, Windows OS, Windows NT Server and workstation 4.0, Windows 2000 Professional and Server. Applications: Microsoft Office 97/2000/2003/2010, 2013, Office 365, Outlook 97/98/2000/2003/2010
Connectivity: Gateways, Bridges, Routers, Repeaters Flame Relay, ISDN Lines, T-1, Multi-protocol environments
Topologies: Ethernet, Token Ring, DNS
Protocols: TCP/IP, WINS, DHCP, NetBuei, IPS/SPX, IEEE 802.2/802.3 Ethernet, 802.5 Token Ring, SNMP
Ancillary Areas: Interoperability, Network optimization, Diagnostic tools, utilities for memory management, other Hardware environments, Network Design solutions

CERTIFICATIONS:
Certified Novell Administrator 3.1x, MCP (4.0 Server, Workstation and TCP/IP), A+, 1998
Certified DELL Service Provider, 2020

EDUCATION:
BA General, 1993
Punjab University, Chandigarh India

Diploma, Computer Networking and Technical Support, 1998
Chubb Computer Institute, Jersey City, NJ

Masters, Transportation and Logistics Management, 2010
American Public University, Charles Town, WV
Contact this candidate