Priyanka P
Sr. Network Engineer
Ph No: 908-***-****
Email : ad7jp5@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Summary:
Around 8 years of Professional experience in Network engineering, performing Network analysis, Implementing, capacity planning with focus on performance tuning and support of large Networks.
Hands-on experience in the implementation, administration, and troubleshooting of complex routing & switching technologies, Network Security-Next-Gen Firewalls, and Load Balancers.
Worked on Next generation Network Engineering trends and have hands on experience in migration projects from legacy to latest technologies and equipment.
Hands on experience in installing, configuring, maintaining, and troubleshooting Cisco Switches, Cisco Routers, ASA/Palo Alto, ACE/F5 Load balancer and bluecoat/McAfee proxies.
Responsible for Cisco ASA firewall administration across global networks.
Deployed velo SDWAN to set up connectivity between Data centers, remote offices, AWS, and AZURE Landing Zones.
Experience in working with Cisco Nexus Switches and Virtual Port Channel configuration.
Knowledge of implementing and troubleshooting complex layer 2 technologies such as VLAN Trunks, VTP, Ether-channel, STP, RSTP and MST.
Implementation of HSRP, VRRP for Default Gateway Redundancy.
Experience in testing cisco routers and switches in laboratory and deploy them on site production.
Expert level knowledge on OSI model and TCP/IP protocol suite.
Worked on Network Topologies and Configurations, Routers, Frame Relay, Token Ring, Switches, Hubs and Repeaters.
Experience in Designing and assisting in deploying enterprise-wide Network Security and High Availability Solutions for ASA.
Worked extensively in Configuring, Monitoring and Troubleshooting Cisco's ASA 5500/PIX security appliance, Failover DMZ zoning & configuring VLANs/Routing/NAT with the firewalls as per design.
Worked extensively on Cisco ASA 5500(5585/5540) series.
In depth knowledge on Azure Application gateways, Load balancers, VNET’s, VNET peering, Express routes, Virtual Network Gateways, Local Network Gateways, Public IP prefixes, Network Security Groups etc.
Strong knowledge of Cisco and Juniper software (IOS/XR and Jun OS) and hardware.
Installation, configuration, and management of WAN optimizer, Riverbed Steelhead.
Experience with hardware load balancer administration and support, preferably with F5, A10 and Cisco ACE load balancers.
Experience with various Network Topologies, LAN, WAN, Campus, Data Center, ISP Connectivity,
WLAN, VOIP environments.
Experience with conversion of Checkpoint VPN rules over to the Cisco ASA solution. Migration with both Checkpoint and Cisco ASA VPN experience.
Adept in preparing Technical Documentation and presentations using Microsoft VISIO/Office.
Experience with Putty, Secure CRT, GNS 3 and Cisco Packet Tracer.
Ability to Install, Manage & Troubleshoot Large Networks & Systems Administration on Windows & Linux platforms in Development, Lab & Production Environments.
Proficient in customer management/resolution, problem solving, debugging skills and capable of quickly learning, effectively analyzes results and implement and delivering solutions as an individual and as part of a team.

Education:
Bachelor’s in Electronics & Communication Engineering -Jawaharlal Nehru Institute of Engineering and Technology, India-2016

Certifications:
CCNA - Cisco Certified Network Associate (Routing and Switching).
CCNP - Cisco Certified Network Professional (Routing and Switching).
Technical Skills:

Routing Protocols
EIGRP, RIP, OSPF, BGP.
Cloud Environments
AWS and Azure.
WAN
MPLS, VPNs, Express Routes and SDWAN.
Security Technologies
Cisco ASA, FTD, checkpoint, Palo Alto, CISCO ISE, Bluecoat. McAfee Proxy
Cisco Routers
Cisco 36XX, ASR 1000 series, ISR 4000 series, 93XX.
Cisco Switches
Cisco 35XX, Cisco 375X, Cisco 65XX,27XX, 92XX.
Cisco Nexus Switches
9k,7K,5K,2K.
Juniper Switches
Ex4300, EX4400, QFX 5100
Juniper Routers
M80, M40, T320,1600.
Network Documentation
Visio and Lucid Chart
Redundancy and management
HSRP, VRRP.
Switches
Cisco, Juniper, Aruba.
Wireless
Cisco Meraki, Aruba Central.
Operating Systems
Windows 7, Vista, XP, 2000,Cisco IOS, Linux.
Network Management Tools
Wireshark, Solar Winds, Riverbed, Thousand Eyes and Splunk.

Professional Experience:

Foot Locker, Remote. Dec 2021 – Present
Sr. Network Engineer

Responsibilities:
Install, configure & administration of Cisco Switches, Routers, Firewalls & Identity service Engine.
Deployed new F5’s(LTM) into the network and was responsible for configuring and maintaining the applications on the load balancer.
Securing the Applications using ASM and Troubleshooting any issues on the load balancer.
Upgrading/patching to security vulnerabilities for F5 and creating I rules for routing between the applications.
Worked with Application teams to build connectivity to production and disaster recovery servers through F5 Big IP LTM load balancers.
Built AWS and Azure Cloud resources through terraform and migrated the Applications from on prem to AWS and Azure.
Configured Private Links, VPC’s, SG, Load Balancer and peering Transitways for our multiregional AWS cloud networks.
Built Velo SDWAN in our call centers and Data centers and for our Landing Zone in AWS to route the traffic.
Configured application gateway’s, Load balancers, VNET peering, Local network gateways, Virtual network gateways in Azure.
Configured Express routes and made use of VWAN Hub model for multiple VNET’s environment.
Providing Azure cloud support to different departments in the organization through infrastructure building and troubleshooting the issues.
Configuring Virtual Machines, Application gateways, F5’s and Firewalls in AWS and Azure Cloud Environment.
Automated Cloud Deployments to create new LZ, VPC’s, SG’s/NSG’s and to create network Resources for our both AWS and Azure Cloud Environments.
Upgraded Cisco ISE from version 2.2 to 2.7 and added new nodes to the deployment.
Monitor and run CISCO ISE reports/audits and work with the security team to locked down or allow unknow devices that are found on the network.
Backup CISCO ISE configuration system logs and operational data from operational nodes.
Configured Bluecoat proxies and manage/perform upgrades.
Updating the Proxy with the Security Categories (Block/Unblock) day to day depending upon the User Access Level.
Troubleshoot network access issues with other enterprise support groups and manage and perform upgrades and patches for the network Hardware.
Design and Implementation of 802.1x Wired NAC using Cisco ISE Radius Server.
Migrated Oracle SBC into AWS from on prem and configured SBCs in multiple accounts in AWS.
Worked on AWS tools like Network Access Analyzer, Network Manager to troubleshoot any network related issues.
Upgraded the FMC and FTD’s as per Audit and Cisco Recommendations.
Created documents for various platforms including Nexus 7k, ASR9k, and ASR1k enabling successful deployment of new devices on the network.
Configured Multi factor Authentication (PING) for Cisco AnyConnect VPN Profiles and VDI networks.
Deployed Thousand Eyes Agents on Cisco ISR/ASR routers and Monitored the Branch and Data center networks and created Alerts/Dashboards specific to the requirements.
Configuring Access rules/Categories on Cisco FTD’s and troubleshooting any security related issues.
Designing and Documenting the VDI Expansions Plan for work from home users.
Documenting the network configurations and designing the network using Visio.
Managing the Network requests through the Service now ticketing tool and providing the RCAs to the Management for any network related outages.

Environment: AWS,AZURE, Firepower (FTD), F5 BIG IP LTM, Velo SD WAN, Bluecoat Proxy, Cisco ISE, Cisco WLC,Lucid Chart, Splunk, SolarWinds, Cisco AnyConnect VPN, Thousand Eyes, CISCO Switches,Routing Protocols (EIGRP,BGP).

Siemens, Ohio. July 2019 –Nov 2021
Sr. Network Engineer

Responsibilities:
Configured layer 2 and layer 3 on Cisco Nexus 7K, 5K, 6509, 9710, 5596UP, 4500, 3850,3950, ASR 1000 series, ISR 4000 Series and 2960.
Install, configure & administration of Cisco Switches, Routers, ASA Firewall, wireless controllers & Identity service Engine.
Troubleshooting of layer 2 and layer 3 issues across the network and helping the Customers with Network Related Issues.
Configured ASA Firewalls 55XX (5585/5545) and upgraded the Software versions Time to time.
Creating Firewall Access lists for maintaining security (blocking and allowing only required communication in the network).
Experience with working on latest cisco switches like Nexus 2000, 5000 and 7000 series switches while implementing advanced features like VDC, and VPC.
Migrated CISCO ACE Load balancer to F5 Load balancer and was responsible in Creating LB VIPS for the Applications as specified by the Application Owners.
Upgrading/patching to security vulnerabilities for F5 and creating I rules for routing between the applications.
Creating IP-prefix-list, route-map, distribution list for performing route manipulations.
Configuring & Troubleshooting of Layer 2 Technologies like VLAN, Spanning Tree, and VTP.
Prepare Disaster recovery (DR) plan and demonstrate successful functioning of DR.
Built site-to-site IP Sec VPNs over Frame-relay & MPLS circuits on various models of Cisco routers to facilitate adding new business partners to new and existing infrastructures.
Involved in Data Center Migration Design and Implementation, Configured High Bandwidth Links between the Data centers for Data Migration.
Upgrading of CISCO WIFI Controllers and Maintenance of CISCO Wireless Access Points.
Deploying New Access Points into the Network and managing them through the WLC.
Troubleshooting any User Authentication and office Signal Strength Issues on Cisco WLC.
Worked on assessment and the finalization of the detailed designs and provided a design document for the Implementation of Cisco ISE and the Migration of Wireless and TACACs to ISE.
Upgrade the Cisco ISE nodes to release versions required by the phase of the projects and add nodes to the Cisco ISE deployment.
Configuration & Maintenance of Cisco ISE for Certificate-based authentication for BYOD and Corporate Mobile.
Expertise on Palo Alto and maintaining different version both physical and virtual. (PA VM-300, VM -100, 500, 220, 800, 3220, 3600, 5050, 5250)
Configured Global Protect VPN on Palo alto firewalls and troubleshoot for any user related issue.
Regular Upgrades and security vulnerability fixes on Palo alto.
Provide On-Call support for Network related issues and Maintenance on a rotating schedule.
DNS, DHCP services configuration and support.
Configured and Maintained Linux repository servers to store archived Config backups and software images.
Design and optimization of Network technologies using various modules of Riverbed Steel Central, Net Planner like Carrier Planner, Net Mapper, Optical Planner.
Utilized Steelhead Riverbed for WAN optimization and Network performance monitoring.
Improved network and system security through setup and ongoing maintenance of Riverbed IPS.
Installation, Configuration and Maintenance of Network Infrastructure.
Upgraded and Migrated CISCO ASA 5545/5585 firewalls to new datacenters.
Configured and Managed Bluecoat proxy and IWA Authentication Servers (BCAAA).
Configured PAC Files for the Bluecoat Proxy for Routing the user traffic to the proxy and to Bypass the Proxy.
Configured WPAD on the Web proxy (Server) and pointed it to the WLC for all the Guest Users (BYOD) Traffic
Managing the Service Now ticketing tool for solving tickets, updating status, and making new changes, while limiting the impact on the production network.
Worked on skillful deployment of Layer-2 technologies like VLANS, VTP, STP, RSTP, Ether Channels, VLAN access-maps and port security.
Migrated to Juniper EX series switches from Cisco 3500 series and 6500 series switches.
Installing and configuring Junipers Open Contrail on Open Stack.
Experience on juniper’s open stack distribution to provide contrail cloud platform.
Involved in the Team of Data Center Operations to perform duties like administration and deployment of Cisco Switches, ASA Firewalls and Bluecoat/McAfee, according to the organization requirements and assisting with network capacity and high availability requirements.
Policy provisioning, access to specific segments of the networks through Cisco ISE.
Made logical profiles for all the enterprise network devices and written authentication policies, exception policies on Cisco ISE.
Responsible for analyzing DLP incident results and following up with remediation procedures ensuring sensitive client, employee, and corporate data is protected
Hands-on experience in deploying GRE tunnels, Remote Access VPN and Site-to-Site VPN.
Retired legacy firewalls, routers & switches at old data center and installed upgraded devices at new data center.
Worked extensively on device profiling, authentication and authorization mechanisms using AAA, RADIUS, 802.1X, Policy buildups for Posture Compliance Policies and Rules for checking the devices coming onto Network, Remediation Process, Access, and Controls, and Segmenting the Global.
Coordinating with Vendors for creating and modifying firewall and NAT rules and Maintaining Site to Site and SSL VPN tunnels.
Upgrade, install, maintain, and troubleshoot Wireless Access points and controllers.
Working knowledge of network monitoring/management tools like Wireshark, Net Flow, Solar Winds and Thousand Eyes.
Manage network Devices and configuration activities across a broad range of network devices with solar winds monitoring tool.

Environment: ASA(5585/5545), Palo Alto, F5 BIG IP LTM, CISCO ACE, McAfee Proxy, Cisco ISE, Cisco WLC,ServiceNow, Splunk, SolarWinds, Cisco client VPN, CISCO Switches (37XX), Juniper Switches, Routing Protocols (EIGRP,OSPF, BGP),VISIO.

CVS health, Scottsdale AZ Jan 2018 – June 2019
Network Engineer

Responsibilities:
Installing and configuring juniper M series router along with juniper switches QFX series.
Configured firewall logging, DMZs, related security policies and monitoring.
Installed, configured and maintained several Cisco DMVPN routers servicing smaller sites, several
Edge routers running BGP and MPLS to Internet service providers.
Working Knowledge of frame relay, MPLS services, IPSec VPN’S, OSPF, BGP and EIGRP routing
Protocols, sub-netting, also including DNS, WINS, LDAP, DHCP, TCP/IP, UDP, SNMP,
OSPF, IPSEC, PPP, VLAN, VTP, STP (Spanning tree Protocol), RSTP & Multicasting protocols.
Experience on F5 load balancer to maintain balance in the network system with application specific
usage. Experience with Firewall administration, Rule analysis, Rule modification.
Responsible for reviewing current and planned network designs, particularly F5 load balancer
implementations. Identified opportunities for implementation of network best practices.
Played responsible role for implementing engineering, & level 2 support of existing network
technologies / services integration of new network technologies / services.
Worked with Cisco Layer 3 switches 3560, 3750, 4500, 6500, Cisco Nexus 5000 and 7000 in multi
VLAN environment with the use of inter-VLAN routing, 802.1Q trunk, ether channel.
Established peering relationships with external ISPs, transit providers and partner networks at national
Internet exchanges.
Performed route filtering and route manipulation by applying distribute-lists, route-maps & offset lists,
respectively.
Configured and deployed BIG-IP LTM 8900 for providing application redundancy and load balancing.
Involved in design, implementation, and configuration of HSRP for load balancing on L3 switches on
different location of office on the switched network
Identify opportunities and solutions for improving efficiency with emerging technologies, including
Cisco routers/switches and wireless systems.
Deployed 7613 as PE and CE router and configured and troubleshoot the edge routers.
Generating RCA (Root Cause Analysis) for critical issues of layer1/layer2/layer3 problems.

Environment: Cisco 3925, 2620, 1900 routers, Cisco 3750, 2950 Switches, Routing protocols: EIGRP, RIP,
OSPF, BGP: HSRP, Sniffing Tools: Ethereal, Wireshark, Port Security, SRX Firewall, VLAN, 802.1Q
Trucking, Cisco ASA 5500.

HCL Technologies, Chennai, India June 2016 to Dec 2017
L1/L2 Network Engineer.

Responsibilities:
Configuring and Administration of Cisco Routers and Switches.
Assisted in troubleshooting LAN connectivity and hardware issues in the network.
Involved in troubleshooting IP addressing issues and Updating IOS images using TFTP.
Replace branch hardware with new 3900 routers and 2960 switches.
Maintained redundancy on Cisco 2600, 2800 and 3600 routers with HSRP.
Created a backup and recovery policy for software application and verified peripherals are working properly.
Monitor performance of network and servers to identify potential problems and bottleneck.
Performed OSPF routing protocol administration.
Involved in interaction with support services to reduce the downtime on leased lines.
Primarily involved in Troubleshooting issues on a day-to-day basis & provide solution that would fix the problems within their Network.
Monitor the operability and reliability of the network.
Maintenance and troubleshooting of connectivity problems using Ping, Trace route.
Managed the IP address space using subnets and variable length subnet masks (VLSM).
LAN cabling in compliance with CAT5 standards.
Configured firewall Access lists on ASA firewalls and was responsible for security patches and upgrades.
Network Redesign for Small Office/Campus Locations for both the voice and data environment.
Worked with Cisco ISE to identify threats in the network for rapid containment and remediation.
Implement changes on switches, routers, load balancers, wireless devices per engineers’ instructions and troubleshooting any related issues part of day-to-day activities.

Environment: CISCO Switches, CISCO Routers, OSPF, Syslog, Wireshark, SNMP.
Contact this candidate