FRED WAKEFIELD

NETWORK ENGINEER
.
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Dedicated Network Engineer with more than 20 years experience, adept in deploying complex routing protocols and optimizing network infrastructures. Experienced in network design and troubleshooting, complemented by a strong aptitude for analytical thinking and effective communication. Committed to continuous improvement and delivering high-quality technical support.
EXPERIENCE
Contract Network Analyst II
June 2022 - December 2023 BMW Manufacturing Company, Greer, SC

Assess and plan network design and Implementation projects. Assist in assessments of client network environments to provide performance improvement opportunities based on BMW’s network operations standards.
Designed and implemented a secure network solution that supported a user environment of more than 500 users at BMW’s US financial HQ and banking divisions.
Implemented a network solution for BMW’s new Press Shop project which required working with clients to develop a solution according to the clients’ requirements.
Assist in the implementation of Network Access Control using 802.1X for secure user access.
Assessed the impact of proposed changes to existing network designs prior to implementation which required going through the Change management process.
Troubleshot network or connectivity problems for users or user groups.
Replaced end of life Cisco Distributions level switches and upgraded network uplinks to 10 Gig for better performance.
Created and updated technical documentation for network installations and changes to existing installations.
Network Engineer III
July 2019 - May 2022 Bon Secours Mercy Health, Greenville, SC
Analyzed, designed, installed and support network connectivity for 2 Regional Hospitals and more than 50 Ambulatory locations. Was responsible for securing critical corporate network solutions.

Worked with Hospital leadership and change management policies to ensure awareness, approval and success of changes made to the network infrastructure.
Resolved escalated ServiceNow/Compass support tickets related to level 2/3 networking issues in a timely manner.
Perform End of Life network replacement for existing Cisco network LAN/WAN and wireless equipment,
Worked with vendors and internal support teams to update and patch network systems infrastructure.
Established effective relationships with vendors for efficient procurement of new hardware and services.

Network Support Engineer/Network Field Engineer
May 2010 - July 2019 Encore Technology Group/CSI, Greenville, SC

Design, analyze, implement, and support custom data and voice solutions for clients based the client requirements.
Provided technical support to network users in a support center environment, troubleshooting multi-vendor hardware and software issues related to networking.
Evaluated vendor products against customer requirements to recommend appropriate solutions.
Diagnosed complex network problems utilizing various diagnostic tools such as ping sweeps or traceroutes.
Performed routine maintenance and standard repairs to networking components and equipment.
Provided telephone support related to networking and connectivity issues.
Documented service desk requests and resolutions.
Provided technical support to customers for hardware and software related issues.
Resolved complex networking problems in a timely manner.
Communicated with customers, sales staff, and marketing staff to determine customer needs
Estimated time and materials needed to complete projects
Managed inventory of networking equipment such as routers, switches, SFPs, fiber and copper cabling.
Assisted in the design of complex network topologies for large-scale projects.
Installed and troubleshot WAN and LAN networks including fiber optics, copper cables, and wireless technologies.
Implemented network security solutions such as VPNs, ACLs, port security, and VLANs.
Worked collaboratively with third-party vendors to resolve technical issues.
Conducted training sessions to educate staff on proper use of network resources.
Coordinated installation of new equipment with client.
Supervised engineers and other staff in design and implementation of network solutions.
Prepared detailed network specifications, diagrams, charts, equipment configurations, and recommended technologies
Developed conceptual, logical, and physical network designs.

Enterprise Services Network Engineer II
September 2000 - March 2009 Sprint / Nextel, Greenville, SC
Analyzed, Designed and Supported the internal Enterprise data and voice networks.
Maintained and Implemented a Cisco Enterprise network that ranged from the high-end Cisco routers series 7600 down through the small SOHO 800 series, as well as Cisco switches ranging from the 6500 series down through the 2900 series not to mention, the Cisco 1200 series Aironet wireless access points and 500 series content engines.
Met and exceeded budget and synergy targets by migrating the legacy Nextel network and affiliate networks over to the Sprint Enterprise Network, this saved Sprint millions of dollars in telecommunication costs.
Responsible for filling out RFCs (Request for Change), according to change management policies, before any minor/major network changes took place within the network.
Replaced and migrated more than 150 Private line circuits over to Sprint’s Global MPLS network which not only improved network performance but cut telecommunications cost by several million dollars.

EDUCATION

Associate in Science (A.S.) in Computer Electronics
June 1989
DeVry Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA
CCNA Certified
Meraki Training
Aerohive Certified Wireless Professional
Sonicwall Network Security Basics Administration

REFERENCES
References available upon request.

CONTACT

864-***-****

ad7r30@r.postjobfree.com

Pickens, SC 29671
SKILLS
TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP
Layer 2 protocols like VTP, 802.1Q trunking, Spanning tree, EtherChannel
Layer 3 routing protocols such as EIGRP, OSPF, BGP and RIP
OSI 7-layer model
Network Design
Network Documentation and Reporting
Cisco Routers, Switches and Firewalls
Viptela SD-WAN solutions
Meraki Cloud Managed Networks
Virtualization Technologies
Quality of Service
Network Access Control
Network Monitoring with SolarWinds
Network Configuration
Incident Response
Technical Support
Network Troubleshooting with Wireshark and tcpdump
Sound Judgment
Analytical Thinking
System Upgrades
Change Management
Team Collaboration
IOS-XE Installation
Adaptability and Flexibility
Effective Communication
Multitasking
Teamwork and Collaboration
Active Listening
Attention to Detail
Professional Demeanor
Problem-Solving

.
Contact this candidate