CHEIKH DIENG
**** ****** ****
Lanham, MD *****
TEL :240-***-****
Email: ad7uom@r.postjobfree.com

Objective
Dynamic and seasoned Network Operations Technician seeking to leverage over ten years of telecom and networking expertise, including hands-on experience with top ISPs and a strong background in network operations center (NOC) environments. Aiming to apply my technical acumen and superior problem-solving skills to contribute to the efficiency and growth of your team, while further advancing my professional development.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Network Engineer 1 (05/2018 – 04/2024) Lumen
WFH
Spearheaded network management for critical clients, including DOI, PBGC, and USPS, using SolarWinds for multi-vendor device troubleshooting.
Executed maintenance and upgrades in Data Centers across Cisco IOS, FortiGate, and Juniper devices, enhancing system reliability.
Led incident diagnosis, corrective action processes, and root cause analyses, significantly reducing downtime and improving network integrity.
Cultivated and managed vendor relationships for system evaluations, installations, modifications, and repairs, ensuring optimal network performance.
Troubleshooting complex network problems involving power, network hardware, routers, CSU, or carrier services.

Working on several ticketing system including WHD, Ops console and Sims.

Expertise with IP routing on multiple router platforms, advance commands in Cisco, Juniper, Alcatel and or UNIX commands.

Working on complex MPLS issues, troubleshoot and isolate physical layer problems.

Network Engineer (06/2008 – 05/2018) Centurylink Sterling, VA

Analyzes, isolates, and resolves trouble situations such as layer 2 & 3.
Manages and correlates multiple trouble reports.
Communicate with customers and others in a repair situation.
Manage internal/external escalations, as required.
Work directly with the customer and/or support staff to identify, troubleshoot and isolate the root cause of problems.
Create trouble tickets which summarize customer or other repair issues. Provides follow up and closure of assigned trouble tickets.
Manages and participates in ongoing repair process improvement activities.
Effectively manages customer expectations (status and clear description of activities).
Works independently, meet deadlines, and multitask.
Communicates effectively with peers and higher levels of management through verbal and written communication.
Interfaces with subject matter experts, lead technicians, service, product, and project managers, and Tier 2 Technical Support.
Provide layer 2 Switching support for Ethernet Team and Metro Ethernet team.
Basic Routers and Switches configurations per approve change management order
Proactively manages communication and escalations, including engagement with customers, vendors, off-net providers, and field operations.
Accurate and appropriate trouble ticket documentation/closure in multiple internal systems.
Performs remote testing and repair activities within Qwest network elements.
Provides Tier 2 technical analysis, isolation, sectionalization and resolution of customer reported troubles.
Leads/Coordinates repair activity with participation from vendors, off net carriers (LEC, CLEC, ILEC), field operations, and internal support organizations.
Manages multiple tasks on time, including ticket administration, communications, and follow up activities.

EDUCATION
B.S. in electrical engineering Minor: electronic
University of Claude Bernard Lyon, France (1995)

CAREER DEVELOPING TRAINING and Certifications
Cisco CCNA

NSE4_FGT-7.0 - Fortinet NSE 4 - FortiOS 7.0
CompTIA Security+ SY0-701

Clearance
Public trust with several agencies: DOI, USPS, GSA, DHS
Contact this candidate