Digrajsinh Zala
Profile
● A result-oriented Cisco Certified Network Engineer (CCNA & CCNP) possessing 10+ Years of excellent network experience.
● Seeking a contract/ contract to hire position in the field of Network Engineer/Administrator to best utilize my skills. To contribute my abilities, past experience, education and desire for growth to a professional organization that will promote a positive and valuable work environment.
● Demonstrated experience handling multimillion dollar Health care, Insurance and Financial Production Networks and Systems.
● Proven experience leading multiple Networks/IT projects concurrently. Certifications
● Cisco Certified Network Associate Certification (CCNA)
● Cisco Certified Network Professional (CCNP)
Education
● Prairie View A&M University Prairie View, TX
Masters of Science in Computer Science August 2010 Concentration: Computer Science GPA: 3.69
● Saurashtra University Rajkot, India
Bachelors in Computer Application May 2008
Concentration: Computer Science
● A.V. Parekh Technical Institute Rajkot, India
Diploma in Electronics & Communication May 2005
Concentration: Electronics & Communication
Technical Expertise
Routers/Switches Routers – 3900s, 7600s, ISR4ks, ASR1001, ASR1002s Switches – Catalyst 3600s, 3700s, 4500s, 4900s, and 6500s Nexus – 9K, 7K, 5K, and 2Ks
LAN/WAN TCP/IP, Ethernet, PPP, MPLS, L2/L3VPN, VRF, VPN, HSRP, VRRP, OTV,VXLAN, IPsec,GRE, RIP, EIGRP, OSPF and BGP
Technology SDWAN, DMVPN, Cisco ISE, ACS, Palo Alto, Cisco ACI OS Windows (All flavors), Cisco IOS, NexusOS
Language PHP, Python(Intermediate)
Tools Wireshark, Solarwinds, CAT Tools, KIWI server, NetBrain, Riverbed, LiveAction
PC Application MS-Office product line (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio), Smart Draw Professional Experience
Helen Of Troy Marlborough MA
Sr. Network Engineer March 2019 –
Current
● Data Center Integration Project
o Responsible for the configuration of the Cisco routers (ISR 4Ks), Cisco core switches and Cisco Nexus 9K DC switches
o Responsible for vendor management – Equinix, Comcast, Verizon and many partners who can provide DC hands and feet at international locations o Responsible for Implementation of VXLAN, OTV and all new DC related projects for Helen Of Troy’s 32 remotes sites and 3 hub (DC) sites.
o Responsible for deployment and managing 11 Palo Alto devices & 2 Panorama o Managing all 11 Palo Alto FWs using 2 Panorama including all security/NAT rule creation/deletion, Template management, certificate management and User-ID management. o Responsible for managing Bluecoat proxies / Splunk.
● Branch/Office network upgrade Project
o Responsible BOM generation with the help of Cisco, MOP (method of procedure) for remote branch network upgrade project
o Responsible for creating standards for branch sites (small, medium and large offices) o Responsible for design documents (HLD and LLD)
o Responsible for deployments, Installation, configuration and cutover of all network devices as part of upgrade
o Started creating python script to deploy new switches/routers for base configuration
● Cisco ISE deployment Project
o Responsible for design document (HLD and LLD) including all policies (Devices and wired and wireless DOT1X)
o Responsible for deployment and configuration of all Cisco ISE PSNs
● SD-WAN
o Responsible for SD-WAN POC with multiple vendors o Responsible to help vendor to build (virtual) topology which mimic HOT network o Helping Vendor to run /test connectivity / application testing. o Responsible for comparing results and providing results in PowerPoint to higher management and explaining them technology’s benefits and limitations.
● Network Automation
o Responsible for network automation using python for bulk changes on network o started deploying new switches using ZTP using python script o started sending out monitoring/notification emails using python script, ex – temp. monitoring for switches and telnet ports for warehouse scanners. o Responsible for config changes on production networks using python scripting. Client: Shire Pharma Lexington MA
Sr. Network Engineer August 2016 –March 2019
● Integration Project
o Responsible for the configuration of the Cisco 1002/1001 routers that were integral to the network integration of the Shire and Baxalta merger (one of the biggest in the Pharmaceutical industry).
o Responsible for projects like – Removal of IP overlap complexity, DNS doctoring and one of the biggest NAT implementations.
o Configured direct route/ express route with AWS gateway. o Created and maintained OTV/ VXLAN between DCs so applications can be moved to AWS cloud from CNF path directly.
o Helped application teams to migrate more than 100+ applications to AWS using AWS direct route gateway
o Worked with multiple vendors to make sure critical business won’t see any down time o Responsible for Installation and configuration of 3 WAN transit points (NA, EMEA and APAC regions) between 2 companies with Cisco ASR 1001X routers, Palo Alto 7050 (one Vsys) and 2 MPLS clouds.
o Responsible for Migration of all services of Cisco ACS (Raidus/TACACS) to Cisco ISE. o Responsible for Documenting all work and procedures and ensuring that this information is published, refreshed and shared across the global network team. o Responsible for After Network Integration between Shire and Baxalta, upgraded Data Center’s backbone infrastructure and upgraded Nexus 9K backbone o In 2019, Lead Network Integration project between Shire and Takeda, providing design documents and solutions to team for Intra-region and Inter-region symmetric routing between 2 companies
o Responsible for Implementation of OTV between 6 DCs for DCI (Data Center Integration) project, where company is going to retire 3 of the DC and migrating all resources to COLO DCs
● After merger
o As part of team member, Implemented ACI on 2 DCs o Responsible for Implementation of VXLAN between 2 data centers for Layer-2 connectivity o As part of the team, Designed and deployed SD-WAN solutions with Cisco Viptela for more than 220+ sites. (Partial Mesh between region HUB and spokes and DCs fully Mesh) o Responsible for Designed solutions for new partners such as creating VPN site-2-site tunnel / connect Partners via MPLS
o Responsible for Designed/Implemented DMPVN cloud for 29 Remote sites and 3 Hubs o As part of the team, Implemented/supported the company's new Corp and Guest wireless solution with Cisco ISE authentication/authorization. o Responsible for creating, designing/moving all remote sites and 4 DCs to one MPLS network. o Supporting network operations team to resolves problems in technologies like routing, switching, firewall, load balancers and wireless controllers o As part of team member, designed, implemented and maintained One Cisco ISE cluster for the company
o Working on project where we are moving company’s Cisco ASA Firewalls to Palo Alto environment
o Working on IP remediation, one Cisco ISE cluster, one DMVPN cloud, one SolarWinds Projects.
● Knowledge Transfer
o After every project, we are conducting KT session where every engineer from our team teach/train junior engineer with live/documented scenarios o Make sure all project related documents are available to junior engineers/ team members. Client: State Street Corporation Boston MA
Sr. Network Engineer September 2015 - August 2016
● Worked at Quincy location (IT head quarter)
● Responsible for Handling and managing Severity-1 tickets in routing and switching
● Responsible for Updating current clients & offices’ network diagrams
● Managed multi vendor MPLS global network – AT&T and Verizon
● Responsible for Design, configure and managing DMVPN for 3 hubs (US,EMEA and APAC regions)
● Configured and managed Cisco 5508 wireless controllers (IOS 8.3.11) with more than 500 APs across 3 regions
● Worked on WAN integration project (interconnecting 2 MPLS sites)
● Configured and managed Palo Alto firewalls (PA7050, PA520s) Client: EnerNOC Boston MA
Sr. Network Engineer June 2015 - September 2015
● Responsible for Managing enterprise level Cisco Routers like Cisco3845, Cisco 2821 and Cisco3925.
● Responsible for Installing and configuring Palo Alto PA-500, Cisco ASA 5505s and Cisco ASA 5520 firewalls.
● Responsible for Managing Nexus and Catalyst series switches like Nexus 7K, 5K, 2K, 4500s, 3850s, 3750s and 2960X.
● Managed BIG-IP F5 devices, creating and renewing new SSL certificates as per requirements.
● Managed Cisco 5500 Wireless Controllers, APs 3600s and 3700 series.
● Responsible for updating the company's core documentation regarding the network.
● Responsible for deploying new remote site/s devices as per requirements.
● Perform day to day troubleshoot and diagnose company’s LAN and WAN infrastructure as assigned
● Built Company’s couple of remote site builds – design, implementation plans and build configuration for Mumbai and Portland offices.
● Participated in a day to day team meeting and added inputs. Client: National Grid Northborough MA
Sr. Network Engineer (Verizon) Nov 2012 – June 2015
● Worked on Migration project for EMS/OMS systems. (NERC CIP) at NY and NE sites.
● Responsible for creating LLD, HLD, Rack elevation diagrams and creating network write-ups for EMS/OMS projects.
● Responsible for Implementing QAS, DMZ and primary/backup networks for NE/NY projects.
● Responsible for Implementing, configuring and managing Cisco 7600 series routers, 3900s routers, 4500s, 4900, 3560s, 2960s, 3560X and 3700s switches for the Northborough, Lincoln and Liverpool data centers using OSPF and BGP.
● Responsible for designing core network and management network for NE/NY data centers.
● Responsible for Implementing separate management VRF network for the NE project which only manages Network devices.
● Responsible for Implementing Port security for both NY and NE projects as part of NERC CIP assessments.
● Monitored network performance and network activity using solar winds servers and CAT tools.
● Responsible for Installing, configuring and maintaining F5s 3600 load balancers, to balance remote user’s thin clients and WS 500 server’s traffic.
● Actively participated in day to day check point meetings and updated higher management.
● Helped Security team to install and configure Nokia-Checkpoint firewalls 1280s, 690s and 290s.
● Helped Secure Icon (security audit team) to audit NE / NY network devices configuration as per NERC CIP standard.
● Handed over all the documentation, diagrams and new network’s knowledge to the Network Ops team as part of the transition process.
● Handled both NY & NE data center activity from server side and helped Verizon team for Network side.
● Created requirements and design documents using different use cases and conducting meetings for NE
& NY EMS site.
● Inventory management - more than 200 devices (consoles & servers) for NE Data centers.
● Created / updated / maintained site failover test plans, patching schedules, master node lists and server rack elevation diagrams
● Managed and provided support to over 100 servers (Windows & Linux). Client: World Wide Technology Inc. Tempe, AZ
Network Engineer Jan 2012 – Nov 2012
● Worked at Dignity Healthcare facilities (CHW) as a contractor of WWT located in the southwest region of the US. (Arizona and California)
● Part of the Deployment Team for upgrading existing core switches 6500 to Nexus 7K and access layers to 5K and 2K switches.
● Implemented, Deployed, Installed and configured ASR 1002, Nexus 7K, Nexus 5K, Nexus 2K, Catalyst 4500s, Catalyst 3700s and 2900 series routers.
● Creating VDCs (Virtual Device Contexts) and VPC (Virtual Port channels) for Nexus 7Ks
● Port Assignment to Different VDCs, Keep Alive and Database Links in Nexus 7010 and 7018.
● Installed and configured Cisco ASA 5510 and 5520 firewall as per customer requirements.
● Installed and configured various APC UPSs like 6000, 8000, 2200 and 1500.
● Worked with Sup- 6 and Sup- 7 for Catalyst 4500s.
● WAN migration and Core Decom – being actively participated
● Having fully knowledge of Network Upgrading Process
● Being an active member of the team, I participated in all the change windows, day one support and inventory management.
● Created RFC (request for Change) documents for various IDFs.
● Created Pre-ITAM and Post-ITAM (Inventory management)
● Created Cut-sheets for different IDFs.
● Worked with different types of SFPs (1GB, 10GB LRs & 10GB SRs) and Fiber Optics (Multimode and Single mode LC to LC, SC to SC and LC to SC).
Premier IMS Houston, TX
IT System & Network Engineer June 2011- Jan 2012
● Installed, Designed and implemented a secure WLAN infrastructure with Cisco equipment.
● Implemented Ubuntu servers to provide Monitoring service using Nagios and Cacti.
● Handled 2 downtown and main sites.
● Managed Active Directory network on Microsoft Windows 2003 Server.
● Worked on MPLS at provider edge Configured IBGP and EBGP
● Redistribution using BGP/EIGRP
● Connect different department using VLANs
● Configured and installed Cisco ASA 5510 at 3 different locations
● Changed ISP provider at many customer locations without any black out at customer site.
● Installed VERITAS NetBackup on servers and performed routine server backups.
● Administered Exchange 5.5 on Microsoft Windows 2003 Server.
● Supported LAN infrastructure for 100+ users across multiple locations. Prairie View A&M University Prairie View, TX
Teaching Assistant, System & Network Support (graduate assistant) May 2009 - July 2011
● Taught undergraduate students basic network, internet and system information class
● Taught undergraduate students Microsoft MS Office 2010(Excel, Access, PowerPoint and Word)
● Helped students in Programming and Network related issues
● Helped students to access Cisco Clean Access.
● Took Cisco class (CCNA) for undergraduate students
● Helped undergraduate students for research in the field of networking specially Cisco and VMWare
● Grade student’s exams, assignments and Tests
● Created, edited and deleted user account using Microsoft windows server 2008 R2 Active Directory
● Computer Problem solver (Desktop Support)
● Jr. Web Developer (Using PHP and MySQL)
● Inventory Management
● To update all the windows machine
Contact this candidate