Evan R. Trimble
**** ******* **** ****
Houston, TX 77086
402-***-****
ad81tx@r.postjobfree.com

Objective
To obtain a lead position with a growing company whose environment includes diversity, communication, teamwork, dedication, and customer excellence! Along with providing opportunity to expand and maximize my potentials to it’s fullest.

Career Profile
Outstanding professional track record in business and technology.
Proven ability in strategic planning, implementation and management in a wide array of businesses
Experience leading complex international business negotiations and transactions
Expertise in training and managing projects.
Outstanding organizational focus
Strong communication, presentation, and documentation skills
Recognized as a creative and effective problem solver and conflict mediator.
Excellent organization, time management, and attention to detail in all situations

Technical Experience
Worked and configured All HP Switch Models 2600,2800,4100,5100
Configured PIX Firewalls 501,515,520,525,, 535 – ASA Firewall 5500
Supported LAN/WAN Configured (10Base-T,100Base-T,Giga-Bit Ethernet,Vlan,Frame-Relay,ISDN,xDSL,Swithing,Routing (OSPF,EIGRP,BGP,MPLS)
Worked with Telco – Verizon,Sprint,AT&T,Qwest,Century Link,Spectrum
Cisco Platforms – Nexus,7200vxr,6500,4000,4500,2900,3700,3500 IOS support Upgrade, Configurations
Worked and supported Checkpoint, Security VPNs Point to Point Cisco and other security devices.
Wireless Platforms 1100,1200,1300 – Configured wireless environment from design to implementation / Aruba troubleshooting and installation
ACS/Active Directory configuration and support.
Managed 20-30 eng. Helpdesk .Rebuild Network enterprise relations from bad relationship to a Positive and trustworthy relationship.
Travel site to site – Out of state to support and install/Design Network infrastructure MDF/IDF

Education
1991 -1995 US Navy
1995 - 1997 Minneapolis Community & Technical College Minneapolis, MN
1997 - 1999 TSG University Bloomington, MN

Certifications
MCP NT Workstation 4.0, NT Server 4.0, Networking Essentials
Certified Training Microsoft Solutions Business Development
Certified Training Project Management Business Development
Cisco CCNA

Professional Experience
CTS / Technip Energies ( Katy, TX ) : January 2022 – Present

RESPONSIBILITY: Network Engineer
Network support Break + Fix on site. Support Data Center and 14 floor building. Daily config reports. Monitor break fix 4500 series switches over 25 devices. Configured/Updated/Installed CISCO 4300 series Routers / CISCO2900/3500 Series Switches. Work and manage cable vendors in state for new fiber/cable upgrades as well as installations. Network production design cable / Fiber path routes Conduit etc. Configured and Installed all support of Riverbed + wireless hardware (Install/Software/GUI) of complete 14 floor site. Work with Microsoft Teams - VOIP/CLOUD etc.. Install and configure WAP environments CISCO AP2600,2700,2800,9100 ( exact 9120s ) Support multiple Wireless Controllers C9800 series. Maintain C7000 series Nexus core environment. Work with multiple Telco providers Verizon, Lumen, Sprint Global etc. Support responsibilities over 5,000 user onsite data coverage. Set work guidelines for Network / Desk-side relationship Team work a MUST. Daily onsite/remote support of Data center. Configure setup ASA5500 series.

Professional Experience
Eliassen Group / McKesson ( Woodlands, TX ) : April 2017 – December 2021

RESPONSIBILITY: Network Engineer
Network Refresh Over 70 sites. Configured/Updated/Installed CISCO 4300 series Routers / HP5000 – 5120,5130 + Switches / CISCO2900/3500 Series Switches. Create BOM – For network Design and Install. Work and manage cable vendors in state / Out of state for Network production design cable / Fiber path routes. Configured and Installed all ARUBA Models 800 series + wireless hardware (Install/Software/GUI). Work with many Mitel, All PBX Phone communication / VOIP/CLOUD solution phone providers ( 8x8 ) + ( AT&T ) + ( ESI ) etc.. Install and configure WAP environments CISCO AP2600,2700,2800 series Access Points support over 100 +Wireless Controller environment.

Professional Experience
Cinncinati Bell / GE Oil & Gas ( Houston, Tx ) : January 2007 – March 2017

RESPONSIBILITY: Lan/Wan Network Engineer
F5 Platform support. Tipping point configuration and support. Access-list change and release on production network. In depth knowledge of IP networks based on multi-vendor environments is required including Cisco, Juniper, Palo Alto, Big SwitchUpgrade Cisco4507R. TACACS /Radius, AAA Firewalls/VPN, Intrusion Prevention Systems, PKI, Dynamic routing, L2/L3 Switching. Security Controls. Configure and add routes to core switch. Setup layer 2 switches to communicate to core network. Experience implementing a variety of Layer 2 and Layer 3 carrier based Ethernet services. Upgrade 2900/3500/3750-stack/4500/6500. Upgrade and configure wireless network using WEP authentication on 1100/1200 series AP units Support Wireless Access Controllers 5500 series. Ability to design and implement complex IP schemas for both IPV4 and IPV6. Experience working with carrier class MPLS services. MAC Authentication Bypass, Cisco Firewall, VPN, IPS/ IDS systems, Equipments: Cisco Access Control Server 5.x, ASA Firewall, Design core network for security and safe network protocol. Manage Network Plant installs and designs. Work with multiple cable vendors to install fiber and cable management-set work conditions.
Configured and trained engineers on the Cisco 4500 switch series/Setup ISL and 802.Q trunk configuration along with cabling on how to install proper cabling protocol. Provided troubleshooting assistance for various sized networks from hardware, software to LAN/WAN all over the globe. Assigned port IP address, port descriptions for different server farms. Filtered traffic with the use of NAT and Access -List.
Performed upgrades Security Image upgrades, VPN Concentrator, Router/Switch Images. Maintain Windows Network OS. ( Windows 2003 Server Domain Serviced). Experience in the implementation of Internet Peering. Administration of MS Exchange system. Set deployments of all WAN/LAN devices. 24/7 Oncall support. Implementation of complex Firewall Rule Sets as well as Intrusion Prevention Systems. Experience with BMC’s Remedy IT Service Management Suite.

Professional Experience
Tek-Systems: ( SW Houston,Tx ) : November 2006 – December 2007

RESPONSIBILITY: Senior Network Administrator
Responsible for PIX firewall implementations. Access-list change and release on production network. Upgrade Cisco4507R. Configure and add routes to core switch. Setup layer 2 switches to communicate to core network. Upgrade 2900/3500/4500. Upgrade and configure wireless network using WEP authentication on 1200 series AP units. Design core network for security and safe network protocol.
Configured and trained engineers on the Cisco 4500 switch series/Setup ISL and 802.Q trunk configuration along with cabling on how to install proper cabling protocol. Provided troubleshooting assistance for various sized networks from hardware, software to LAN/WAN all over the globe. Assigned port IP address, port descriptions for different server farms. Filtered traffic with the use of NAT and Access -List.
Performed upgrades Security Image upgrades, VPN Concentrator, Router/Switch Images. Maintain Windows Network OS. ( Windows 2003 Server Domain Serviced). Administration of MS Exchange system. Set deployments of all WAN/LAN devices.

Professional Experience
Info USA Inc: ( Papillion, Ne ) : January 2005 – November 2006

RESPONSIBILITY: Senior Network Engineer

Responsible for design and implementation for new technical configurations to improve the Cisco infrastructure within the Info USA network. Setup weekly design conference calls with CIO’s and executive management. Traveled to different cities to install network racks and design a safe network environment. Setup and redesigned the eastern North American remote sites by removing old 3com equipment and installing Cisco 4500 series switches( Cisco4507/4510 ) addition Cisco Pix 500 series ( Cisco501/515/525/535 ) configure for best performance and top security infrastructure. Supported yes mail Wide Area network consisting of Cisco7209 running HSRP redundancy. Estimate how much to redesign a network from ground up using equipment, cabling, and network infrastructure. Configured and trained engineers on the Cisco 7200 switch series/Setup ISL and 802.Q trunk configuration along with cabling on how to install proper cabling protocol. Provided troubleshooting assistance for various sized networks from hardware, software to LAN/WAN all over the globe. Assigned port IP address, port descriptions for different server farms (Unix/NT systems/AS400). Spanning tree setup and troubleshooting. Worked end users to setup and cable up routing devices and configuration assistance. Configure, install, and replace Routing and LAN switch devices. Configured Access-Lists, NAT, Set routes, configured protocols (RIP, OSPF, RIP2 EIGRP, and MPLS). ATM configuration. Performed upgrades Security Image upgrades, VPN Concentrator, Router/Switch Images. Configured all type of Cisco2900 series switches, Cisco4500 series, Cisco6500 platforms, Cisco7200 platforms. Vlan configurations on multiple platforms. Implemented Network Security designs using PIX Firewalls and Cisco Switch devices. Implemented Setup Failover /Network redundancy on Cisco routing devices such as Cisco 1700 PIP installations. Configured and implanted designed for wireless AP1100 and AP1200 series. Remote support via SSH, Telnet, Remote desktop. Video conference installation as well as support. Ran cable and configures Fiber cabling to switch fiber blades in Cisco 6500 platforms. Worked rotating on call 24hr shifts

Professional Experience
EMS (Network Support): February 2004 – December 2005

RESPONSIBILITY: Network Support Engineer
Supported 2600 series routers. Changed IP address supported multiple routing protocols. RIP/RIP2,IEGRP etc. Utilized monitoring tools such as Cisco Works and Solarwinds to keep track of all remote routing devices. Used Telnet/SSH/Remote desktop for remote support. Overseen reports and created troubleshooting tips. Worked with end users to communicate and fix the problem at hand. Created VPN accounts for authorized users. Tested Satellite system for signal.

Professional Experience
GETRONICS (CISCO TAC): January 1999 – January 2004

RESPONSIBILITY: Senior Cisco Engineer

Responsible for managing technical support and customer satisfaction for Cisco TAC security team. Trained and mentored new employees by teaching the OSI,Frame-Relay and PIX classes. Managed and assigned call’s in queue to meet customer SLA’s requirements. Kept clients happy by maintaining a team overall average of 4.65 out of 5.0 from customer survey satisfaction. Provided troubleshooting assistance for various sized networks from hardware, software to LAN/WAN. Vlan setup on multiple layer 3 devices. Remote Access setup using SSH, Telnet, PCAnywhere, etc. Support Cisco Security devices. All PIX Firewall platforms. All VPN Concentrator platforms. Configure, Install, Replace Security devices (PIX/VPN Concentrators/IDS) devices. Configured Access-Lists, NAT, PAT, Set routes, and configured protocols (RIP, OSPF, and RIP2). ATM configuration Performed upgrades Security Image upgrades, VPN Concentrator, Router/IOS Images. Configured VPN connections on all CISCO Platforms. Implemented Network Security designs using PIX Firewalls, VPN Concentrator, and IDS. Setup Failover /Network redundancy. Installed all Cisco Works software versions. Filtered traffic with the use of NAT and Access -List. Used good communication and troubleshooting to handle difficult network challenges for large companies such as US Navy, US Army, and NASA.

Professional Experience
Tek-Systems: December 1998 – January 1999

RESPONSIBILITY: LAN/WAN Administrator

Responsible as NT LAN/WAN Administrator. Use of project management skills to reconstruct network from token ring to Ethernet. Troubleshoot, diagnose and debug hardware and software related problems. Keep inventory of licenses on hardware and software. Use of good communication skills to discuss technical problems with less knowledgeable users and other LAN/WAN Administrators. Dial up support for mobile users over a Wan. Software distribution tools/workstation image creation tools for large rollouts. Coordinate and developed projects with other LAN/WAN Administrators in largest company migration from different platforms including Windows 95, Novell, Cisco, NT, Unix and protocols including TCP/IP, Frame-Relay, T1, IPX, RIP, and EIGRP.

Professional Experience
ENGLUND GRAPHICS: March 1994 – November 1997

RESPONSIBILITY: SHIPPING/RECEIVING

Set work conditions in an unstable environment. Coordinated with various vendors to ship out 200 + items. per day. Perform routine Quality Control checks. Created and maintained shipping and inventory in Access database. Deal with customer satisfaction daily. Use UPS tracking system via WAN.

Professional Experience

U.S. NAVY: October 1991- February 1995

RESPONSIBILITIES: ARIAL ELECTRONIC ENGINEER

Analyzed accounting, inventory, purchasing of communication, hardware, software and optical lasers systems and internal quality controls to establish instructional manuals as documentation for development revised and developed new written procedures for standard operations. Accounted for preparation, accuracy and security of communication equipment. Conferred as liaison to personnel of organizational units involved analyzing current operational procedures, identify problems, and learn specific input and output requirements, such as forms of data input, how data is to be summarized, and formats for report.

Check for electrical current connections, connected wires on the electronic boards of various helicopters. Tested fuel for strong flight. Rewired electrical components in the flight board. Worked in fast paste and hardworking conditions while setting up circuit boards manually. Tested electrical components for safe flight. Repair Electrical Instruments and High - Tech Components while organizing Multi-Military Tasks. Responsible for completing maintenance repairs, servicing and alterations on aircraft Ensure proper handling of all parts, units, assemblies and aircraft while in the repair process while keeping all documentation current as to open discrepancies and completed corrective actions. Tested and evaluated hardware and software to determine efficiency, reliability, and compatibility with existing system. Developed written procedures for installation, use, and solving problems of communications hardware and software. Directed and coordinated work of others to develop tests installs and modifies programs. Performed minor equipment repairs. Located qualified vendors to learn about available products or services. Purchased equipment and supplies tinder budget requirements. Negotiated with outside vendors to purchase hardware, software, upgrades, and parts needed for maintenance.

References Available Upon Request
Contact this candidate