Syed Rais Ahmad
Tampa, FL 917-***-**** ad82lc@r.postjobfree.com
** ***** ** ********** ** the area of IP network design, deployment and troubleshooting using Cisco, Juniper, Nokia, F5 and Aruba hardware.
Education & Certifications
Master of Science, Specialization in Computer Networks – New Jersey Institute of Technology (NJIT, Newark, NJ) Certified Network Professional- (CCNP), Juniper Network Certified Internet Professional- (JNCIP), JNCDA Professional Experience
Instructor, Computer Science – South Florida State College Nov 2023 – Jan 2024
• Taught Computer Science Courses: Intro to Computer Networks, Network Security, Microprocessors.
• Worked on Perkins EUM grant to redesign, update and upgrade Networking lab to the latest standards, tools, software, hardware.
Deployment Engineer – HP Enterprise, Remote Aug 2021 – April 2023
Gather customer requirements, design and implement SD-WAN solutions using Aruba EdgeConnects.
Contributed architectural solutions and changes to customer networks and deployments our team provided.
Actively participated on companywide Yammer for various communities including SD-WAN, Switching and Routing, Data Center Design and General Photography
Achieved Silver Peak [now Aruba] Edge Connect Expert certification.
Proof-of-Concept labs on a VMWare Hypervisor using Virtual Edge-Connects [ECV], Aruba CX Switch Simulator and Cisco CSR1000v using VLANs, BGP, OSPF, routing policies, HSRP/VRRP, VRFs, MPLS, Load- balancing and symmetric routing.
Mobile Network Engineer - Inland Cellular, Lewiston, ID April 2020 – Jan 2021
Architected and implemented the network for dual/redundant Evolved Packet Core (EPC) LTE network computes using EVPN on Nokia SR-7750 routers.
Architected and deployed BGP route-reflectors and Segment Routing (SR-ISIS) on the network with Nokia SAR-8/M, 7210 (Mxps) and SR-7750 routers.
Deployed redundant internet connectivity for Internet VRF. Moved vendor connections from Global Routing Table to individual VRFs.
Supported/troubleshot Nokia Routers 7750/SAR/SAS based MPLS network with VPWS, L2/L3 VPNs, VPLS. WellCare & Small Business Projects Tampa, FL Feb 2019 – March 2020
Google API based Python programming.
Network’s IP addressing remediation. BGP on Cisco gear. Used Python to calculate network subnets. Senior Network Consultant – Darden Restaurants Orlando, FL Contracts Mar 2015– Feb 2019 Architect and implement fault-tolerant Internet access and restaurant connectivity network with node and link redundancy using Juniper routers. Used OSPF/BGP routing and SRX clustering.
Python scripting for mass configuration of Juniper devices [switches and SRX firewalls]. SLAX scripts for router event/failure handling.
Proposed and implemented best practices and efficient solutions for the network functioning. Day to day troubleshooting of service impacting issues.
Completed vulnerability scans for network elements. Presented, proposed and implemented security hardening of Darden network elements. Used Nessus scanning tool for scans. Juniper Network Engineer – Magic Leap Ft. Lauderdale, FL Oct 2016 – May 2017
Architected and implemented redundant connectivity to remote sites. Used ISIS, BGP, IPSec tunnels on SRX5400/PaltoAlto firewalls, MX routers etc.
AWS connectivity using BGP. Day to day connectivity, accessibility and hardware issues.
Propose and implement best practices and efficient solutions for network functionality e.g. routing- instances for multiple ISPs.
Senior Network Consultant – IT Distributors Edison, NJ Sept 2014 - Dec 2014
Setup SolarWinds as a Network Management Solution for the company wide Network Elements
[EX4200] using SNMPv2c, SNMPv3 and WMI.
Present and train company staff on SolarWinds.
Senior Advisory Systems Engineer – Syniverse Technologies Tampa, FL Dec 2013 – May 2014
Upgraded and migrated existing Tracfone Internet traffic solution to a new platform using F5 Viprions, Brocade 8770 switches, Cisco/Juniper routers.
Proposed more efficient design solutions using current-practices e.g. dynamic routing on F5s, IP SLAs etc. Senior Network Consultant – Covance Pharmaceuticals Princeton, NJ May 2013 – Sept 2013
Attend meetings with various teams related to project design. Site visits for detailed design study and documentation.
Turn up/upgrade new remote sites using Cisco based DMVPN/IPSEC/GRE tunnels and/or MPLS.
Troubleshoot networking issues related to Cisco Switches and Wireless Access Points/Controllers, F5 Load Balancers, BGP and Riverbed WAN Optimizers.
Senior Network Engineer- Sidera Networks New York City, NY Aug 2012 – March 2013
Resolve trouble tickets related to technologies: MPLS/VPLS L2VPNs, MSTP, QoS.
Provision Ethernet Private Lines, VPLS and Internet Access circuits across MPLS backbone on Cisco and Juniper routers.
Propose enhancements to business processes.
Senior Network Engineer - Comcast Communications Mt. Laurel, NJ Sept 2011 – Aug 2012
Propose more efficient designs for network architecture.
Automation of various configuration procedures using Linux and C++.
Maintain Cisco ASR9K, Juniper MX-960 and EX-4200 and Cisco XR router templates.
IPv6 standardization across data center regional networks on Cisco and Juniper equipment.
Developed a tool to extract Junos stanza configuration from a text document as Junos set statements. Senior Network Design Engineer - Bloomberg L.P. New York City, NY Jan 2011 – April 2011
Proposed procedural and design enhancements for network’s high availability and fault tolerance.
Tested remote performance monitoring on Juniper routers with 10 Gig E links.
Coordinated with Operations migrate existing sites to new sites. Resident Engineer (AT&T) - Juniper Networks Middletown, NJ Feb 2010 – Oct 2010
Worked on day to day Juniper based MPLS/BGP/ OSPF related network issues.
Present Juniper products in customer meetings and training sessions.
Train the customer's design, implementation and support personnel to configure and operate Juniper Networks products including M-120, M-320, T640, T1600
Provide case status updates, including the reasons for any problems encountered. Network Design Engineer - Verizon Wireless Branchburg, NJ April 2007- Dec 2009
Designed multiple VzW application networks e.g. for Animated Messaging, Visual Voice Mail, Enterprise Services Bus, Wireless Office, Group Communications, and Content Filtering.
Assess data connectivity and network gear for existing application networks and proposed feature/hardware augmentation and enhancement for such networks. Wireless Office – one of the existing VzW applications – was enhanced from one-site network to self-healing, multi-site solution.
Working knowledge of SMPP gateways, Simple Messaging Service Center (SMSC), ASPs, Multi-Media Services (MMS), Home Location Registers (HLR), Mobile IP (MIP) and Simple IP (SIP) pool spaces.
Supported roll-out of infrastructure projects such as Enterprise Home Agent and Cell Site backhaul with design enhancements and mentoring implementation teams with any impeding issues. Interfaced and coordinated between the vendor and different corporate teams. Big-IP Specialist – Citigroup Warren, NJ April 2006 - April 2007
Provide global and local F5 load-balancing solutions and tier-III support to in-house customers for highly available applications.
Analyze tcpdumps on F5 Big-IP. Escalated issues to the vendor.
Used Unix Shell/Perl scripting for automation. Worked on ZebOS/gated on F5 for routing. Network Engineer III - Sungard Availability Services Philadelphia, PA Aug 2004 – March 2006
Worked with customers and in-house implementation teams on IPSec terminations to Junipers from redundant customer sites.
Provided STUN/DLSW+ connectivity over IPSec. Used BGP, NetScreen firewalls with VSYSes.
Managed, attended meetings, gave presentations and coordinated projects for new datacenters
Architected and turned-up data centers with inter-AS L3VPNs, MPBGP peering. Hardware used includes Juniper M-40s, NetScreen ISG-2000 firewalls.
Evaluate and standardized setting up new hardware and network designs.
Resolve trouble tickets escalated by Tier-II.
Design NetScreen firewall system for securing applications, active/active clustering with OSPF on the trust and BGP on the UnTrust side with the Junipers.
Evaluate Foundry switches and F5 BigIP load balancers. Standardized setup.
Design redundant DNS projects using F5 3DNS and BigIP hardware. Lead Network Engineer - MCI / Electronic Toll Collection Mt. Laurel, NJ Dec 1997 – Jul 2004
Network design and validation.
Configure VoIP based telephone trunks to replace older PSTN trunks.
Made available phone service to locations with no PSTN [but IP] presence using VoIP.
QoS deployment using 3550 switches with IP routing using OSPF and EIGRP.
Voice trunks and OPX phone lines using VoIP technology using Cisco dial-peers and QoS.
Analyze the traffic statistics for the toll-ways to come up with the required bandwidth for the project.
Designed the IP Addressing Scheme using summarization/CIDR.
Gave presentations to the customers/subs, detailing network design.
Contact this candidate