Manuj Kumar Singh
Sr. Telecommunication Network Engineer/Pripciple Network Consultant
Phone: +1-469-***-**** Email: ad8gwn@r.postjobfree.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/manuj-kumar-singh-8185a727/

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Overall, 12.5 years of experience in the telecommunication technology lab in UVP planning, RF testing, integration testing, functionality and acceptance testing, regression testing, and debugging. Managed Air to ground network(In Flight WiFi) for 4 years.
The technical skills include managing RF, Wireless Devices, CDMA GSM, LTE, 5G SIP technology feature verification, interface and protocols – design and implementation on the platform and product verification of access, core & PMSC – regression, feature, backward compatibility testing & sanity worked thoroughly in media gateway, mobile testing 3GPP standard.
Experience in Wifi Device, SATCOM(SDR), Honeywell(Go Direct Router). Hardware installation.
Performed RF engineering tasks including RF propagation analyses, interference analyses and testing, prepare technical review documents. Worked with various radio access networks, Radio Antennas, microwave based devices, SISO, MIMO techniques, diversity, multiplexing, beamforming, OFDM.
Well acquainted with the software development life cycle (SDLC), agile, network performance, and optimization.
Data analysis and visualiztion assessment using elastic search and kibana.
Network routing and technology experience, worked on LAN/ WAN, wifi, firewall configuration, wired/wireless networks VMware configuration experience.
Lead a team of network professionals in the successful deployment of air to ground network solutions, resulting in a improvement in overall network efficiency and improved customer experience.
Experience in 3GPP standards, device testing, mobile programming, and Signal maintenance.
Technical expertise in RAN optimization (LTE, 3G, CDMA) commissioning & planning for network.
On-time delivery of defect-free network engineering and optimization services on wireless communications systems through working on LTE and UMTS technologies.
Call flow understanding in IMS network, also implemented automated test cases for feature testing.
Device test and programming experience in CDMA, GSM, and LTE.

TECHNICL SKILLS

Domain
Telecommunications
Protocols
SS7, SIP, MEGACO, H248, S1, GTP, SCTP, X2, Routed Protocol TCP/IP, SIP
Process
Knowledge of ATG, In-flight Wi-Fi, SDLC, STLC, Agile, and HDLC Process.
Test Plan, Test case writing, Technical Reviews.
Tools
RFSIM, QXDM, Jira, QPST, Selenium, Git, Wireshark, VMware, Elastic Search, Jenkins, R&S Romes4.
Language
C, C++, Python, Shell scripting
Operating Systems
Unix, Linux, Windows, Switch Operating System (SOS- Real Time Operating System), Honeywell GDR, SATCOM Router.

Application Protocols
DHCP, DNS, FTP, HTTP, SMTP, TFTP, SSH, SFTP, BGP, OSPF, ISIS, MPLS, QOS, BGP PIC, BGP LU.
Documentation
Microsoft Office, Visio
Network Management
SNMP v2, v3, Syslog, Net flow Analyzer, Sniffer, Wireshark, Network Analyzer, Netcat
RF Analyzer tools
Vector Signal Analyzers (VSA), R&S spectrum analyzer, Ubox(GPS), CIT Antenna, Spirent channel emulator, Antenna Analyzer.

EDUCATION
Bachelors of engineering in Electronics and Telecommunications engineering, CSVTU, Bhilai (2007-2011)
CGPA: 7.41

TRAININGS AND CERTIFICATIONS
Scrum Master Accredited Certification
Scrum Team Member Accredited Certification
Accredited Software Tester Certification
IBM Certified Solution Advisor - Cloud Computing Architecture V3
IBM Certified Specialist - Rational Team Concert V3

PORFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Client: Smartsky Networks, Sterling, VA
Role: Principle Network Consultant October 2020 – Present
Description:
As a senior network engineer, my primary area of work is Technical subject matter expert (SME) managing on high-performing teams in engineering, modelling, analysis, and testing of IT/telecommunications network solutions, and RAN devices. Installation of wifi devices customer hardware installation, Develop software on software-defined radios, embedded systems, and servers. Integrating telecommunications hardware and software systems, including software-defined radios and Linux servers. Automation using test tools including protocol analyzers, Wireshark, Channel Emulator, Spectrum Analysers, Signal Generators, and modelling in graphs based on site data. Implemented coverage maps using GIS applications, crated SMP maps, google earth KMLs on top of that.
Responsibilities:
Strong understanding of Wifi networks, LTE protocols and layers.
Set up in-flight WiFi network in customer jets.
Lead RF optimization team to develop and implement RAN metrics and KPIs.
Testing background experience in L2 / L3 level network.
Router setup, UE testing, Hardware installation on various CPE( Satcom, Honeywell routers).
Hands-on experience with Spectrum Analyzer, Demodulator, Cable Analyzer, Power Meters, Scanners, UE’s
Established network configuration in lab, managed configuration.
Optimization services on wireless communication systems through working on WiFi, LTE, IMS, and UMTS technologies.
Familiar with the CPE Wireless Gateway
Assist in software planning, scheduling, implementation, debugging and resolving.
Interactions and coordinating with multiple Teams in Reviewing and Evaluation of the Requirements.
Worked on different customer routers Honeywell and SATCOM routers, provided logs analysis based on customer performance as per data collected from router logs.
Worked on lab test verification of defined features based on LTE technologies such as data processing, bidirectional traffic, UDP and TCP data for uplink and downlink both using iperf tool.
Customer support part included part of the feature, handling field issues, and ensuring the solution is provided, for issue reproduction and customer fix is provided timely.
Basic task was to handle the alarm generated incidents for customers around the globe for the telepresence devices which are under active monitoring and serve as a point of escalation for Tier 1 engineers. The issues may be installation, call failure, no audio/video on call, unable to connect to meeting etc.
Each incident requires intense troubleshooting of the endpoints as we are responsible for opening a Jira tickets case to identify the bugs and for replacement of faulty software.
Software bugs monitoring and handling, using Jira tickets.
Completed documentation of paths using Utilized Google Sheets, Sharefile, Sharepoint.
Ensure internal tools build for customer performance and analysis works.
Debugging logs using network management tools as wireshark to capture faulty bugs in network.
Processed reports, and other administrative duties as assigned.
Performed independently with minimal supervision, exercising latitude to achieve daily objectives and approaches to critical/complex assignments.
Network Performance and optimization experience using data analytics. Mainly involved elastic search to create data dashboards.
Performed action with directly customer sites with flight test, flight analysis and provided detailed report on performance.

Client: Ericsson Inc, Dallas, TX
Role: IT Analyst May 2016 – October2020
Description - As IT analyst my role was to ensure product verification for various telecommunication features to setup and verify the GSM Media gateway and PSTN-enabled MMGW with the simulated environment. In this feature we are verifying various call models and call flows with regards to GSM MGW, and MEGACO message flow, and quality of speech is verified with the PESQ tool, automation of test run is simulated in Jenkins tool, post-release product customer support part where field issues are handled, and quick simulation of the issue and provided with the solution. Performed hardware installation
Responsibility-
Under PSTN MMGW feature requirement from customer and requirement.
Set up PSTN MMGW lab and ensure all configurations are the same as recommended for customer lab.
Optimization services on wireless communication systems through working on LTE, IMS and UMTS technologies.
GSM MMGW includes automation jobs execution and reporting, including debugging in case of failure and reporting to cross-functional teams for quick solutions in the next customer delivery.
Test plan, test case writing, automation job to execute all test cases in Jenkins.
Involvement in client communication for requirement clarification. estimate and promote milestones of the project.
Customer support part included part of the feature, handling field issues, and ensuring solutions are provided, for issue reproduction and customer fix is provided timely.
Media gateway test design and verification to ensure all trunk resources are allocated to user properly.
Basic task was to handle the alarm generated incidents for customers around the globe for the telepresence devices which are under active monitoring and serve as a point of escalation for Tier 1 engineers. The issues may be installation, call failure, no audio/video on call, unable to connect to meeting etc.
Each incident requires intense troubleshooting of the endpoints as we are responsible for opening a jira tickets case to identify the bugs and for replacement of faulty software.
Build an test framework in Jenkins using robot framework using C++ coding to automate key testing and reporting of failures in CDMA and GSM software.
Customer escalation handling and resolution, worked with customer escalated tickets and provided solution to tier 1 support team on basic action required to emergency support team over hardware reset/replacement, basic maintenance work.
Assist in planning, scheduling, implementation, debugging and resolving.
Interactions and coordinating with multiple teams in reviewing and evaluation of the requirements.
End to end call processing verification to ensure all call feature works as expected.
Successfully manage and provide architecture and systems solution for several mission critical feature during CDMA testing as enhance 911, IMSI cloning, unconditional call forwarding mobile features.
Involves various issues like call drop, call setup, device reboot, device crash, poor video quality, installation, configuration, maintaining of endpoints.
Completed documentation of paths using google sheets, ShareFile, SharePoint.
Attended kickoff calls and engaged the appropriate internal and external organizations and individuals with professional written/verbal communications to accomplish required tasks.
Processed reports, and other administrative duties as assigned.
Performed independently with minimal supervision, exercising latitude to achieve daily objectives and approaches to critical/complex assignments.

Client: Ericsson Inc, Mumbai, India
Role: System Engineer Dec 2011 – May 2016
Description - As System Engineer my role was to ensure product verification for various telecommunication features to setup and verify the GSM Media gateway and PSTN-enabled MMGW with the simulated environment. In this feature we are verifying various call models and call flows with regards to GSM MGW, and MEGACO message flow, and quality of speech is verified with the PESQ tool, automation of test run is simulated in Jenkins tool, post-release product customer support part where field issues are handled, and quick simulation of the issue and provided with the solution.
Responsibility-
Under PSTN MMGW feature requirement from customer and requirement.
Set up PSTN MMGW lab and ensure all configurations are the same as recommended for customer lab.
Optimization services on wireless communication systems through working on LTE, IMS and UMTS technologies.
GSM MMGW includes automation jobs execution and reporting, including debugging in case of failure and reporting to cross-functional teams for quick solutions in the next customer delivery.
Test plan, test case writing, automation job to execute all test cases in Jenkins.
Involvement in client communication for requirement clarification. estimate and promote milestones of the project.
Customer support part included part of the feature, handling field issues, and ensuring solutions are provided, for issue reproduction and customer fix is provided timely.
Media gateway test design and verification to ensure all trunk resources are allocated to user properly.
Basic task was to handle the alarm generated incidents for customers around the globe for the telepresence devices which are under active monitoring and serve as a point of escalation for Tier 1 engineers. The issues may be installation, call failure, no audio/video on call, unable to connect to meeting etc.
Each incident requires intense troubleshooting of the endpoints as we are responsible for opening a jira tickets case to identify the bugs and for replacement of faulty software.
Build an test framework in Jenkins using robot framework using C++ coding to automate key testing and reporting of failures in CDMA and GSM software.
Customer escalation handling and resolution, worked with customer escalated tickets and provided solution to tier 1 support team on basic action required to emergency support team over hardware reset/replacement, basic maintenance work.
Assist in planning, scheduling, implementation, debugging and resolving.
Interactions and coordinating with multiple teams in reviewing and evaluation of the requirements.
End to end call processing verification to ensure all call feature works as expected.
Successfully manage and provide architecture and systems solution for several mission critical feature during CDMA testing as enhance 911, IMSI cloning, unconditional call forwarding mobile features.
Involves various issues like call drop, call setup, device reboot, device crash, poor video quality, installation, configuration, maintaining of endpoints.
Completed documentation of paths using google sheets, ShareFile, SharePoint.
Attended kickoff calls and engaged the appropriate internal and external organizations and individuals with professional written/verbal communications to accomplish required tasks.
Processed reports, and other administrative duties as assigned.
Performed independently with minimal supervision, exercising latitude to achieve daily objectives and approaches to critical/complex assignments.
Contact this candidate