James B. Gilbert
**** ********* ***
Lawrenceville, GA 30043
Hm: 678-***-****
Cell: 404-***-****
ad8h9z@r.postjobfree.com

PROFILE
I am highly motivated professional with a strong desire to learn new technologies and services. A Technical Specialist with over 13 years experience monitoring, configuring, repairing, upgrading and optimizing the performance of telecommunication networks. A highly skilled individual with demonstrated ability to problem solve, work in a diverse team environment, and take initiative.

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Telecommunications Management
DeVry University Alpharetta, GA – Summa cum Laude
Graduation Date: 27 February 2004

TECHNICAL KNOWLEDGE
Cisco Routers
Cisco Switches
Cisco ONS 15216
Power Point
EIGRP
IP/IPX
Unix
Visio
Frame Relay
Gigabit Ethernet
Cisco ONS 15454
DWDM
HP Openview
Nortel 5200
Nortel 3500
FDDI
PBX
Sniffer General
Nortel 6500
NAT
SONET
VOIP
DNS
DHCP

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

AT&T
SR Specialist-Network Support July 2011 - Present
Perform maintenance in a SONET and DWDM network comprised of Cisco 15454 and Nortel 5200 optical multiplexers. Daily interact with multiple vendors and high profile customer to ensure SLA are met. Daily performed the configuration and troubleshooting of high bandwidth circuits such as OC192, OC48 and OC12.

Adroit Software & Consulting Atlanta Georgia
Tier II Engineer June 08 – July 2011
Perform maintenance in a SONET and DWDM network comprised of Cisco 15454 and Nortel 5200 optical multiplexers. Daily interact with multiple vendors and high profile customer to ensure SLA are met. Daily performed the configuration and troubleshooting of high bandwidth circuits such as OC192, OC48 and OC12.

Cypress Communication Atlanta/Georgia
Level II Lead Engineer September 06 – May 08
Responsible duties include installing, securing, monitoring, maintaining, and upgrading network equipment. Lead Level II engineer on the night shift in a Nortel VOIP environment on Cisco routers, Juniper routers, Cisco switches, and other equipment in a multi-vendor network. Daily duties include troubleshooting and maintaining all physical connections, including network connectivity to all remote sites and to all Cypress customers on network and off network.

Intelliverse Communications, Alpharetta GA
Senior Network Engineer, July 06 - September 06
Performed Tier two troubleshooting in a SIP ATA VOIP environment. Daily assisted customers in setting up and configuring their home office and then ran ethereal traces to verify ATA was communicating with Session border controller in a network that consisted of over 5000 customers.

Cbeyond Communications, Atlanta GA
NOC Engineer June 05 –July 06
Responsible for installing, securing, monitoring, maintaining, and upgrading all network equipment. Perform tier two level support in a Cisco Call Manager VOIP environment. Configured Call Manger to add and correct new customers’ hunt groups, charge numbers and trunks. Configured and troubleshot customer voicemail issues on the IP Unity platform. Other job functions included support of DNS and DHCP, OSPF, MGCP and BGP on a daily basis.

Cingular Wireless, Atlanta GA
Technical Analyst III November 03 – June 05
Perform third level support in a wireless data environment where customers are roaming on partners’ networks. Technologies include SS7, SGSN, GGSN and WAP.

Nextel Communications, Norcross GA
Network Engineer March 99 - May 2001
Performed third level support in a data network comprised of various Cisco equipments including: routers, access servers, local directors, switches and ATM IGX.
Performed software/IOS upgrades on Cisco routers and LAN switches in the Network 2000 project.

Federated Systems Group, Norcross GA
Network Analyst II October 1996 - March 1999
Performed second level monitoring and support in a data network comprised of NET's IDNX 20/70/90, Cisco routers and IBM’s SNA network devices.

Booz, Allen and Hamilton, McLean VA
Technical Consultant January 1996 - October 1996
Performed the installation, configuration, maintenance and second level support in a data network comprised of NET’s IDNX 20/70/90, Cisco routers, Fiber Optics Multiplexers and CSU/DSU. Provided secure telecommunication support to a variety of users worldwide.

United States Army
Field ComSec Radio Repairman November 1988 – April 1996
Performed installation, maintenance and repair of fixed and mobile radio equipment to provide secure, reliable telecommunications to users worldwide.
Contact this candidate