Clearance level: TS/SCI with Full Scope polygraph

Career Summary
Over 15 years’ experience as a Field Engineer, Network Technician, System Administration and Network VTC Engineer. As a field Engineer, I had to reline and deploy onsite drawings for VTC Systems. As a Network Technician I ran fiber multi-mode /single mode and patched them into CISCO routers in CER’s in order to get the customer online. As System Admin I worked through various systems and data bases like EARRS where I had to put customers in for org request, and access to various data bases. As a Network VTC Engineer I created Visio drawings and software updates to all VTC’s on the Network.

Education
Electrical Engineering and Computer science

Technical Skills
Windows, UNIX, Visio and CISCO, VTC, Microsoft Office, Active Directory

Hardware Skills
Satellite Equipment, Copiers, Device 1&2, Digital 1&2, Fiber Terminations, Cat5 and Cat6 Testing and Terminations, Routers, Security cameras, Server racks, VTC, Network hardware

Work History

TEKMASTERS September 2019-Present
SUBJECT MATTER EXPERT / IT CUSTOMER SERVICE

Working on a team comprised of a wide variety of experienced personnel that provide coverage from 6 a.m. to 6 p.m.
Resolving technical problems and answering queries by telephone or self-service that involve computer hardware, software, network, system/application access, and telecommunications systems
Providing basic user training in support of off the shelf applications and office products.
Performing remote desktop triage and system repair using remote tools.
Maintaining and updating records and tracking databases.
Technical Skills: Experience with active directory, Windows 7 and/or 10, Microsoft Outlook, and Microsoft Office Suite. Strong skills in hardware/application troubleshooting.
Use of EARRS Data base to request organizations, customer check-ins /check outs, add customers to groups and data bases.
Use of Service Now to complete service tickets and update logs.

TEKMASTERS September 2018-September 2019
Network VTC Engineer

Manage daily tasks for status of meetings projects the customer has going on daily.
Set up conferencing, monitoring, and record keeping of customer meetings.
Document and provide status of situations ad/VTC systems.
System administration experience with Windows/UNIX.
Visio and CISCO Systems and routers as well as fiber optics.

TEKMASTERS / JACOBS January 2014 – September
Network Technician/Lead Full-Service Video Telecom Technician

Work as a Field Engineer, responsible for traveling to various sites conducting the installation and operation of VTC, network and satellite systems and equipment and providing training to Customers on such systems
Installation of fiber, RG6, CAT 5, and 6 and perform terminations on these wirings
Training employees on systems including collecting and distributing user requirements to technical requirements
Responsible for the installation and operation of VTC equipment
Daily update and reports for various projects utilizing Excel. Assist Customer in network planning
Set up routers, computer hardware/software, security cameras, racks, etc.
Review and analyze complex system designs and blueprints and update Customer and specifications and create documents
Transport various equipment from location to location to complete installations

Adams Communication & Engineering Technology September 2011- Jan 2014
Network Technician
Trouble shooting systems
Updating documents
Training employees on systems
Operate and maintain critical customer systems
Occasional travel to customer locations to learn new systems and to ensure customers have successful readiness exercises.
Testing and evaluation of new software builds of proprietary software helps to ensure smooth transitions during system upgrades.
Monitor, operate and maintain critical customer systems in a 24 hour mission operations center
Routine system checks, 4 hour and daily reports processed

Verizon FNS September 2009- September 2011
Position: Lead Video/Telecom Technician
Responsible for the installation and operation of VTC equipment
Responsible for on-site technical support during VTC calls
Updated all files
Maintain accurate logs of trouble isolation and repairs
Train and Lead technicians through various tasks
Install fiber, RG6, CAT 5,and 6

Omniplex November 2008- September 2009
Raven Officer - Security
Observe and Report
Patrolled assigned areas
Checked identification
Informed violators of rules infractions
Reported irregularities
Performed emergency checks
Prepared standardized reports in Excel

Dish Network April 2007- November 2008
Level 2 Field Service Specialist
Install RG6 Lines
Install Flat Screen TV
Install Satellite
Update inventory as need utilizing Excel. Entered serial numbers, quantity, etc.
Field Service Manager August 2005- April 2007
Trained 30 Technicians in installing (satellite dishes, RG6 cable, tuner boxes), logistics and safety protocols
Performed quality assurance for the technicians I managed. Also performed site surveys.
Took pictures of work performed and created slide shows via PowerPoint to illustrate good and bad examples of installations
Update inventory as need
Open and closed Shop
Assigned Jobs as need

TSI Inc. December 2004- August 2005
Lead Custodial Worker
Clean and maintain government facilities
Perform routine maintenance on equipment and supplies. Used Word to document any problems or issues found with equipment.
Oversee and/or assist with snow removal
Perform miscellaneous job-related duties as assigned

Goldline Inc. June 2002- December 2004
Maintenance Assistant
Performed maintenance on tour buses
Filed invoices
Clean and maintain buses
Provide maintenance reports utilizing Excel

Metropolitan Security Service September 2000- June 2002
Security Officer
Patrolled assigned areas
Checked identification
Informed violators of rules infractions
Provided escort services for visitors
Reported irregularities
Performed emergency checks
Prepared standardized reports using Word to report incidents

First Baptist of Glenarden 1999-2001 and 2007-2012
Served as photographer and media volunteer for church events. This included downloading and manipulating images, creating PowerPoint slides, and setting up the technology for displaying images and slides at events.
Contact this candidate