Jermaine Spruill

Baltimore, MD ***** 443-***-**** ad8lnx@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Summary
Motivated IT professional targeting Network Engineer roles, demonstrating strong dedication and proficiency in key networking areas. Skilled in network design, configuration, and troubleshooting, with expertise in tools such as Wireshark, VMware, and PowerShell. Proficient in operating systems like Ubuntu and Linux, and knowledgeable in network protocols including TCP/IP. Experienced in hardware repair, firewall management, and cybersecurity measures. Well-versed in Python scr ting, SQL, and HTML/CSS, enabling efficient network automation and data management. Committed to maintaining high standards in network security, incident response, and system optimization.
Education
Master of Science: Cybersecurity and Computer Science, Expected in 2023
University of Maryland
Bachelor of Science: Computer Science Technology, 06/2023
Strayer University
Certifications
●CompTIA A+ - 2023
●CompTIA Network+ - 2023
●CompTIA Security+ (In Progress)
Skills
●TCP/IP
●Wireshark
●Linux
●VMware
●Firewalls
●Routing
●Switching
●Network Troubleshooting
●PowerShell
●Cybersecurity
●Python
●Hardware Repair
●HTML/CSS
●SQL

Work History
MATERIAL HANDLER, 08/2004 - Current
PROVEN MANAGEMENT
●Operate forklift and pallet mover to transport, stage, and store freight.
●Load and unload trucks, perform cycle counts, and utilize a computer to track shipments and inventory.
●Coordinate warehouse operations to support internal and external customers and train new team members informally.
●Ensure compliance with environmental health, safety, and corporate regulations.
●Packed boxes by filling voids and arranging items to fit appropriately based on size, weight, and dimensions.
●Loaded completed orders on pallets according to the delivery number for branches, 1400 orders without incident.
●Cleaned, organized, and replenished supplies in the warehouse daily, commended for hard work.
●Sustained zero safety hazards by proactively maintaining a clean and organized warehouse environment.
●Prepare and process various shipments, pull and package merchandise.
●Ability to possibly lift boxes over 60 lbs.
●And load and unload shipments
●Maintains a safe and clean work environment by keeping shelves, pallet area, and workstations neat, maintaining a clean shipping supply area, complying with procedures, rules, and regulations.
●Assists in solving warehouse problems that affect service and efficiency.
CUSTODIAL MANAGER, 01/2000 - 08/2004
GOODWILL INC
●Perform inspections and inspect work to ensure that it meets specifications and established standards.
●Check equipment to ensure that it is in working order.
●Plan and prepare employee work schedules.
●Instructs staff in work policies and procedures and the use and maintenance of equipment.
●Buff, strip, and wax floors to remove the effects of dirt, soot, and stains.
●Places fans in strategic room locations as needed and wet floor signs
●Inspects completed floor care to ensure conformance to standards.
●This includes returning furniture and other items to their original location.
●Use cleaning equipment, such as floor scrubbers, backpack vacuums, and buffers.
●Other duties may be assigned as required by the scope of work or customer needs.
●Maintains and cleans all floor surfaces, including sweeping, mopping, scrubbing, or vacuuming.
●Collects and disposes of paper and rubbish.
●Follow procedures for the use of chemical cleaners and power equipment to prevent damage to floors and other objects.
●Cleans, monitors, and maintains restrooms, fitting rooms, corridors, and store entrance areas.
●Empties trash receptacles for proper disposal, use of compactor for certain materials.
Contact this candidate