PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

Accomplished network and systems engineer with significant experience administrating networks and security systems in a mixed platform environment. Has significant experience in the planning and implementation of large-scale integrated network. Is recognized as someone who can lead and achieve project objectives while working under significant pressure. Has the ability to manage substantial workload, also has achieved equivalent Industry Standard Certification namely CCNA, CCNP and working towards the CISSP and the CCIE. Has acquired a BS in International Business and Degree in Electrical and Electronics Engineering and a Masters in Engineering in Cybersecurity and compliance, also fluent in French.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Systems:
Cisco routers (800, 1800, AS5500, 1000, 4700, 7000, 7500, 2500, 2600, 2800, 3600, 370*-****-****, 7500, Light Stream 1010, IGX, BPX, MGX, AXIS). Configuration of Cisco Catalyst Switches and Multi Layer Switches (1900, 2920, 3500 3700,3800, 4500, 5000, 5500, 6000, 6509,6513, 9500 series), Cisco Aironet Wireless access point (350, 1200) Configuration of Nortel Networks Token-ring Switches (2700, 3000,5000) series. Configuration and maintenance of Cisco ACE 4710 Load Balancer, F5 Load Balancer, CISCO ASA 5500 series. Configuration of High-end CSU/DSUs (Verylink), Terminal Servers, Cisco Voice Over IP, Cisco VPN (3000 series). Configuration of Nortel, 3Com routers and switches, Extreme Network switches. Cisco Secure Access Server for troubleshooting, Juniper SRX.

Network Security: configuration and installation of Cisco Pix Firewalls 515, 520, 535 and ASA 5500 series, Cisco VPN 3000 series Configuration of Juniper Firewalls SRX, installation and management of Checkpoint Firewalls, Cisco ISE, CISCO IDS, IRON PORT, Sourcefire

Protocols: IP, IPX, Apple Talk, RIP, IGRP, EIGRP, OSPF, IGRP, HSRP and BGP4 Netbeui, SMTP, DNS, DHCP, TFTP, FTP, ICMP, HDLC, PPP, LDAP, SLIP, IPsec, IKE, DES, MD5, RSA,

Network Connectivity: Frame Relay configuration, configuration of ISDN switches. Worked with Ethernet (10base 2, 10base 5, 10base T, 1000base T, 100base FX Fiber, Gigabit Ethernet 10 gig Ehthernet ) Token Ring (Synoptics), M.A.Us and Hubs. Knowledge of bridges, worked with Switches, Repeaters, T1, T3, ATM, PPP, VPN, SSLVPN, SRB/ SRT, DLSW, OC3, MPLS

Network Management:: HP Openview, Navissaccess, and Netview node manager, Use of Visio Design, configuration of Cisco fast Ethernet switch probes. Configuration of Network Associates ATM sniffers, and Cisco Fast Ethernet Probes, Knowledge of Concord Nethealth, installation and configuration of Ciscoworks, Cisco DNA center. Installation and configuration of NetScout LAN (Gigabit and Fast Ethernet) probes to maximize network performance, SolarWinds

Operating Systems: Windows10,8.7, VISTA, XP, Windows 2000/NT 4.0 server, Wins, WinMe, Dos5.x-6.x, Win98, Win95, win2007 UNIX (BSD/System V), SunOS/Solaris SUNs, HP-UX 9.X/10.X HP9000s, Windows/NT, RAID 5/Volume Management S/W, LINUX, NCR, DOS, OS/2, VM/CMS, MVS/TSO, VMware

Network Applications: HP’s Software Distributor (SD), Operations Center, & OpenView Network Node Manager, NIS/NFS, FrameMaker, Visio, PageMaker, COREL Draw, Microsoft Office Products, QUARTZ, DOORs, Lotus Notes, Remedy

Cybersecurity Areas of study
Cybersecurity and Privacy (Overview of cybersecurity and privacy, including cryptography, authentication, malware, viruses, anonymity, privacy and online privacy, risk management
Secure Cloud computing (Security and privacy issues in cloud computing systems.)
Information Security in Government (security processes following NIST standards, technical tests and validation methods used in the federal government)
Auditing, Monitoring, and Intrusion Detection for Information Security Managers (Methods for detecting problems with unauthorized activity in information systems and management

Highlights
• Integral to 2018 network merger and refresh of PAXVAX following Cerberus Capital Management’s acquisition by Emergent BioSolutions, oversaw new infrastructure design and implementation.
• Engaged in acquisition and network merger of SANOFI in 2019 by Emergent in addition to the above.
• Worked on the migration from legacy LAN environment to a Cloud based solution services namely AWS and MS Azure with Emergent Biosolutions future cloud strategies.
• Incurred $250K+ savings by creating and utilizing training outlines and related documentation to promote tools and processes to various business partners.
• Operated as technical architecture planner, furnishing hardware, software and network solutions to support Network Management Department at Nabisco Brands.
• Conferred with vendors to assess and select products, delivering useful feedback according to Emergent business goals.
• Coordinated and implemented a $3.5 M data center relocation at Friedman Billing Ramsey Capital Markets.
• Tasked as Lead Engineer to launch QOS and VoIP to refine trading floor performance, achieving 100% availability while cutting costs using Network Management tools inclusive of SolarWinds, Ciscoworks, and Cisco DNA at both Emergent and Friedman Billings Capital Markets.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCES
Emergent BioSolutions, Gaithersburg MD
05/2015- present Lead infrastructure Engineer,
Report to the Director of Network operations and provide hands-on expertise and responsible for all LANs and Wan support, router switch configurations, implementation on the Emergent network. Provided specification and detailed schematics for network architectural infrastructure design proposals for a more secure, scalable and redundant network. Work on installation and troubleshooting of all LAN/WAN ie Routers, switches, wireless devices and firewalls, provided implementation, maintained and troubleshoot all DMVPN over MPLS links to all offices around the world. Maintain and administer routers and switches throughout, United States, Europe. Implement configurations of routing protocols (such as OSPF, EIGRP, BGP HSRP GLBP) worked on network segmentation projects and maintain and configure layer two NAC protocols such Dot1x. Maintain and troubleshoot Cisco VPN ASAs, participated in the migration from ASA5500 series to Cisco Firepower. Performed and participated in the development of documentation process of the enterprise network. Also, part of the lead project teams responsible to assist on for all year long implementations and deadlines with the objective of achieving full success. Responsible for monitoring network hardware operations to ensure properly set configurations. Plan implementation of enhancements, refresh and upgrades to the network from end of sale devices to new up to date versions. Server as adviser to Senior Director of IT. Worked collaborated with network security team, worked as the backup security engineer. Implemented and troubleshoot network security issues
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA-ROCKVILLE MD)
01/12-05/15 Sr LAN/ WAN and Security Engineer
Responsible for all LANs and Wan support, router switch configurations, implementation on FINRA network. Worked on architectural review, infrastructure design proposals for a more secure, scalable and redundant network. Work on installation and troubleshooting of Checkpoint firewalls, wireless devices, maintained and troubleshoot all WAN links to country offices around the world. Provided Routers and switches security, through Cisco ISE. Evaluated performance to determine realistic service objectives to prevent service degradation, and network security threats. Supported specific detailed information for hardware and software selection, implementation techniques and tools for the most efficient solution to meet business needs, including present and future capacity requirements. Also, verify that services to the network had improved and objective is met. Interacted with various vendors in product evaluation and selection, provided feedback on FINRA business objectives. Maintains technical expertise in all areas of network and computer hardware and software interconnection and interfacing, such as routers, multiplexers, firewalls, gateways, provided daily analysis on cyber activity/threats by reviewing IDS log

World Bank Group, ( Computer AID –contractor) Washington DC
08/09- 12/12 Sr LAN and WAN Engineer
Engineer responsible for all LANs and Wan support, router switch configurations, implementation on Bank network. Worked on architectural review and implemented NAC 802.1x on headquarters infrastructure design proposals for a more secure, scalable and redundant network. Work on installation and troubleshooting of Cisco Routers, switches, wireless devices and firewalls, provided implementation, maintained and troubleshoot all MPLS links to country offices around the world. Performed and participated in the development of documentation process of the enterprise network. Part of project team responsible to assist on for all year long implementations and deadlines. Participated in the deployment of the Voice over IP project. Work and maintained Juniper firewalls SRX and GT models. Maintain and administer routers and switches throughout Africa, United States, Europe and South America and Asia. Implemented configurations (such as OSPF, BGP HSRP GLBP) through the implementation instructions into the Bank’s change management system and insure that all approvals and processes are adhered to compliant with Audit. Maintained and troubleshoot Cisco VPN ASAs as well as Juniper VPN firewalls. Provided Routers and switches security, through Cisco ACS. Evaluated performance to determine realistic service objectives to prevent service degradation, and network failure threats. Provided specific detailed information for hardware and software selection, implementation techniques and tools for the most efficient solution to meet business needs, including present and future capacity requirements. Also, verify that services to the network had improved and objective is met. Interacted with various vendors in product evaluation and selection, provided feedback on Bank business objectives. Maintains technical expertise in all areas of network and computer hardware and software interconnection and interfacing, such as routers, multiplexers, firewalls, hubs, bridges, gateways, etc

Multiplan Inc, MD
06/08-7/09 Sr Network Engineer Lead
Engineer responsible for all WANs, LANs and security support, router switch, VPN and firewall configurations, implementation on company network. Worked on architectural review and design proposals for a more scalable and redundant network. Work on installation and troubleshooting of Cisco Routers, switches and firewalls. Performed and participated in the development of documentation process of the enterprise network. Part of project team responsible to assist on for all year long implementations and dead lines. Work on the implementation of and conversion from PIX firewall to ASA 5520. Worked and converted Cisco Load Director to Cisco ACE 4710. Plan and cut over internet providers for more cost saving to company excessive spending. Migrated from a Cisco 6000s hybrid switch to a layer three infrastructure to support a more robust routing environment. Used routing protocol OSPF to support the routing environment
Value Options,VA
01/08-06/08 Sr Network Engineer III
Reported to the Director of Network operations, and provided hands-on implementation/configuration, and troubleshooting of the LAN/ WAN infrastructure, analysis design, testing, documentation, implementation/configuration and support of new enterprise-wide network technologies. Use Eigrp as a routing protocol on the LAN and WAN to support the campus infrastructure. Perform network architecture reviews and assisted to develop detailed engineering designs. Provided training and lead support to junior engineers. Provided detail documentation through a Change Request Process for a all designs and implementation changes. Used Ciscoworks, OpenView, MRTG as network management tools for traffic monitoring and device management. Provided a project management review for all project implementation and due dates. Provided configuration and implementation and 24/7 support to all MPLS links due the sensitivity to Business

Friedman Billings and Ramsey Capital Markets, VA
07/04-12/07 Sr. Network engineer
Responsible for network architectural design, implementation review and reported the Director of Network operations, hands-on implementation/configuration, and troubleshooting of the LAN/ WAN infrastructure, analysis design, testing, documentation, implementation/configuration and support of new enterprise-wide network technologies. Perform network architecture reviews and and assisted to develop detailed engineering designs and deployment plans for IP telephony. Provide 2nd and 3rd level support for data LAN/WAN. Provided design, implementation, configuration, installation and troubleshooting of Cisco Routers and switches, firewalls through 45meg MPLS links (Verizon) and 45Meg s point to point links. Configured and provides support for the Campus uplinks 10Gig to Cisco 6513 and 6509 core switches to various Data centers, and Sonnet rings around the nation. Installed and configured Cisco works 2000 LMS 2.7 to manage and optimize WAN/LAN services. Lead engineer in the implementation of QOS to achieve enhancements in the performance of VOIP, VIDEO with 100% availability while simultaneously achieving cost reductions using tools such as the Cisco Works2000, Solar-winds. Implemented configurations (such as EIGRP, OSPF, BGP HSRP GLBP) through the implementation instructions into the company’s change management system and insure that all approvals and processes are adhered to compliant with Audit. Maintained and troubleshoot Cisco VPN 3000 series. Provided Routers and switches security, through Cisco ACS

Subex Technologies / AT&T Piscataway, NJ
06/ 03-7/04 Technical WAN Engineer (Provisioning)
Provide the implementation and management of Client Global Gateway offices. Install and support LAN/WAN node Networks in a mixed platform. Coordinate with Telco in the turn ups of T1, T3 Frame relay, IP over Frame-Relay, DSL to frame circuits. Prepare and provide analysis of network design and architecture for final review. Assist in the installation of a mixed network environment consisting of Windows 2000, NT 4.0, UNIX, Provide support and implementation to company clients turn ups to Clients, Build client PVC through High end switches (BPX, MGX, AXIS, IGX), Configure Cisco routers and maintain BGP,DSL and IP over Frame-Relay support for clients through MPLS cloud. Maintain frame relay and ATM switches, troubleshoot high end DSL circuits (IDSL, SDSL) and end to end VPN circuits through MPLS. Assist in the installation of client WAN devices such Netopia R7220 router, Efficient 5851 router and Paradyne 9783 DSU.
Kahari Information Technology, CA
1/02 -12/02 Sr Consultant
Responsible for developing clear, comprehensive and integrated reviews of company goals to ensure consistency, maintainability and flexibility. Provided lead for company projects or subprojects of strategic impact. Reported to company president and maintained all daily Network operations. Assisted and provided network support consisting of a windows environment.

Phillip Morris-Nabisco Brands Parsippany, NJ

12/99 – 12/01 Senior LAN/WAN Analyst

Developed, delivered training and documentation for tools and processes to various business partners. Saved in excess of $250K in expenditures by serving as technical architecture planner. and providing hardware, software and network solutions to support department. Provided design, implementation, configuration, installation and troubleshooting of Cisco Routers and switches in a scaled network from an X25 network to a Frame-Relay Network with EIGRP as the routing protocol with VPN as a backup. Analyzed network Bandwidth daily with Concord Net Health and use Network Associates LAN and Wan sniffers to capture data to troubleshoot WAN and Vlans across company Network. Installed and configured Windows 2000 to perform network connectivity, analysis to measure network response time, availability to the Web enable services. Evaluated performance to determine realistic service objectives to prevent service degradation, and network failure threats. Also, verify that services to the network had improved and objective is met. Increased network availability and accessibility from 50% to 99.9%. Established a cost-effective stock of hardware, firmware, supplies within budget constraints, to aid in minimizing downtime. Participated in projects such as the migration from a tokenring network to a Ethernet network. Worked in the installation of Nortel tokenring switches. Maintained a Cisco campus backbone and broadband switches ensured connectivity through fiber ring and ATM connections. Use AIX Trivoli Netview and Cisco Works 2000 to maintain network connectivity and reachability Troubleshooting of T1 lines, T3 lines, Frame-relay and ATM pipes with providers. (AT&T). Maintained and administer over 500 routers throughout Canada, United States, Europe and South America also company Headquarters Backbone routers and switches Use Unix AIX and Sun Solaris in maintaining and creating files and assigning new users and changing passwords backing up files. Level III support of W95/98, W3.11, Windows 2000/NT 4.0 Server & Desktops. Upgraded Cisco network hardware and software to increase company's efficiency Configured and maintained DHCP and internal DNS server. Day to day administration of over 200 NT servers. Configuration and implementation of Cisco Pix firewalls 515 and 520 on scaled network. Installation and configuration of Checkpoint firewall provided maintenance and support to DMZ devices (Web, mail, web sensors). Use of Cisco Secure Access Control Server for authentication. Use of Remedy to record accurate daily reporting of troubleshooting issues.

Smartworld Technologies LLC (ISP) New York, NY’

01/99 – 12/99 LAN/WAN Engineer
Developed and prepared written project plans addressing project strategies from implementation, configuration, troubleshooting of Cisco Routers and re-engineered frame-relay network to be more scalable. Redesigned and implemented a new network design with an OSPF routing protocol under the Cisco Hierarchical Internetworking Model including re-addressing new network with migration from frame-relay network to a point-to-point DS3 network and addressing single point of failure issues. Involved in daily decisions in purchasing new hardware such as Cisco hardware Team member involved in provisioning new lines (T1, T3 and OC 12) for company's private POP. Worked as a field engineer installing new Hardware (Cisco routers Max TNT, Verilink, switches), cabling and troubleshooting lines at co-locations with local Telco Companies. Installation and configuration of High-end CSU. Configuration and troubleshooting of new Pri lines, through the local Telco Companies. Provided tech-support assistance to customers in their daily Difficulties such as dial-up to the Internet and software installations Configuration and troubleshooting of Ascend Max TNT, and Max 4000s for ISP dial-up environment. Monitor entire private network through Navisaccess and Openview. Worked with the ARIN and GTE for the provision of new public addresses Use of Visio in as designing tool in sketching and layout of company's private Network. Troubleshooting of T1 lines, T3 lines. Frame-relay and ATM pipes with various providers. Installed various connections (T1, T3 lines at Telcos and co-locations)

Structured Network Solutions Jersey City, NJ

3/97 – 12/98 LAN/Wan Support Specialist

Installation, troubleshooting and configuration of Cisco (2500,4000,7500) for client organizations. Provides support in implementing the deployment for TCP/IP router -based networks. Group member responsible for upgrading clients PCs to NT and configuring NT 4.0 Workstations, and Servers Responsible for upgrading different versions of routers IOS images (version 8, 10,11) through TFTP Server. Staff member responsible for assisting students in their hand on application of network Technology. Installed, configured & supported IPX and IP workstations, PCs for TCP/IP (Token-ring & Ethernet), PCs for Netware (Token-ring & Ethernet), SUN SPARC + 1 F/S on TCP/IP network, Frame-relay Networks and ISDN Backups.

Professional Affiliation

Information Security Community
Cisco Network Engineers
Network Engineer professionals
The project Management Network

EDUCATION
George Washington University, Washington DC
Master of Engineering in Cybersecurity Policy and Compliance

New Jersey City University, NJ
Bachelor of Science in International business,

Waltham Forest College, London UK.
BTEC in Electrical and Electronics Engineering
Contact this candidate