William A. Norman
*** **-*** **., **
Phone # 256-***-****
ad8ohc@r.postjobfree.com

Education:
Belford University, Humble, TX, Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Systems
Virginia College at Huntsville, Huntsville, AL., Computer Network Engineering
Present-CompTIA A+ (Computer Technician Certification)
Past-CompTIA N+ (Computer Network Administrator) Expired
Past-MCP (Microsoft Certified Professional) Expired
Past-MCSE (Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer) Expired
Past-CCNA (Cisco Certified Network Associate) Expired
Past-VCP-NV (VMware Certified Professional-Network Virtualization) Expired

Experience:

Technical
Installing and upgrading PC hardware and software, diagnostic testing and troubleshooting.
computer and peripheral equipment repair, peer-to-peer networking, hardware and software
sharing across network.

MS-DOS, Windows 9x, NT, Win 2000, XP, Vista, Win7, Win8, CE, and IBM AS_400. Cisco devices from
user perspective and administrative.

Microsoft 2003 and 2008R2, 2012 datacenter server as a file, application, Web Development,
and print server, Exchange 2003, WSUS, VPN, Websense filtering/firewall server, Symantec.
Anti-virus server and Symantec Backup Exec. tape backup system, Novell 5.0 and Groupwise network setup, configuring and customizing.

Troubleshooting laser printers and print servers (Xerox, Kyocera, HP, Lanier, Lexmark,
Canon, and I/O devices for AS400 print exchange). Managed a scan to document, email, and
network system called Docushare made by Xerox and later converted it to be used with Canon hardware through their OCT hardware to bring costs down.

Maintain handheld wireless computers and scanners (LXE, Intermec, Symbol/ Motorola, PSC,
Honeywell, Tablet pcs and Laptops).

NEC PBX and Cisco Call Manager VoIP phone system.
Setup wired and wireless network device (access points, controllers, switches, routers,
network cards, etc.).

Troubleshooting electronic security components (heat, motion, infrared, and electrical
detectors) installed and managed CCTV system, fiber optic security system, and managed
company UPS needs. Managed datacenter temperature control system that monitored the heat and coolness of that area.

Troubleshooting digital/logical circuits, electronic fabrication (SMT soldering).
Adobe Flash, Dreamweaver, and FrontPage for web publishing and extensive researching and
analysis on new and upcoming hardware and software for our company needs.

Setup, maintain, and backup Active Directory for Windows Server 2000, 2003, 2008 domain.
controller, database management for Xerox Docushare, MySQL server with Tango that monitors.
our AS400 system, all network file server files, and our firewall configuration files. Implemented the company’s first VMware Virtualization System.

Communicative
log, track, and maintain history records and related problem documentation.
prepare standard statistical reports, such as help desk incident reports.
analyze and evaluate incident reports and makes recommendations to reduce line incidents.
rate.
consult with programmers to explain software errors or to recommend changes to programs.

call software and hardware vendors to request service regarding defective products and
request for new products.

test software and hardware to evaluate ease of use and whether product will aid user in
performing work.

write procedures, policies, and budgeting for software/ hardware evaluation and
recommendation for management review.

write and revise user training manuals and procedures.

organizing and prioritizing daily work schedules and maintaining software and hardware
inventory shipping, receiving, and inventory control supervision over plant associates.
managed network software to help the network run correctly.

providing customer service and sales.

providing quality assurance as part of the board of directors for safety (SQA).

Work History:

2/10/2023- present
Logistics Specialists- Carter Express at Mazda Toyota Manufacturing Plant.
Assist in the layout and organizing of the outbound returnable to suppliers.

1/2014 to 2/1/2023
Sub-Contractor Self Owned business as a field engineer doing POS systems, POTS, circuit upgrades in all ways, VOP same. The person on the scene makes fixes or upgrades.

10/13
TEKsystems, Huntsville, AL
Network Engineer/Contractor at University of Alabama in Huntsville

Support for Systems and Infrastructure team with escalated tickets. Support of new projects, for example setup of new infrastructure regarding upgrades to campus buildings, helped bring online the new state of the art Charger Union building to give students the newest cutting-edge facility for their needs. Support for orientation sessions for new students coming into UAH on how to use the college’s network system. Helped support new proposal for using software to help the workflow on how network drop requests are handled throughout the process from end user to the financial department.

Worked at Toyota Plant in Huntsville until the contract ended.

1/04-9/13
New South Express, Lincoln, AL
Computer Network Administrator

Contracted with Honda Manufacturing of Alabama to do logistic work.
Our IT team got them to move from paper processing to electronic by use of wireless handheld devices and using our in-house AS400 IBM iSeries server to manage their inventory. We furthered our support to our end users and their users with our hardware and software that was put in place after upgrades. Support and upgrade system wide for our in-house Windows, Cisco, and VMware systems.

9/02-8/03
All American Security Group (ADT), Nashville, TN
Security System Technician

9/00-6/02
Hi-Tech Networking, Madison, AL
PC Technician/Consultant

12/99-8/00
National Children’s Advocacy Center, Huntsville, AL
Network Administrator

1/99-8/99
Zenith Electronics Corporation, Huntsville, AL
Customer Service Rep.

1/98-12/98
Self-employed, Norman Home Improvement, Huntsville, AL
Landscaping and Interior Design

4/96-12/97
Southern Directory Distribution, Madison, AL
Assistant Manager
Contact this candidate