Calvin Lemon
SYSTEMS ENGINEER
(p) 813-***-****
(e) ad8qqq@r.postjobfree.com

CAREER OBJECTIVE

An ambitious, determined, and detail-oriented individual with strong technical experience seeking a position where my skills as an IT Professional can be utilized and expanded. I have exceptional leadership skills with knowledge that will promote high growth and client satisfaction. I am a team player committed to assessing project needs and working with colleagues to achieve goals.

EXERIENCE

CORETELLIGENT, LLC – TAMPA, FL 11/2021 to Present
Client Support Engineer II – Employed Full Time 40 Hours per week

As a client support engineer utilize strong customer service skills to provide on-site technical support to a dynamic client base. Drive to local client locations and interact with all levels of users including executives. Communicate with clients on-site as well remotely to resolve technical issues and close tickets.

Key Contributions:

Utilize very strong knowledge of Windows desktop (Windows 7, 10, 11) troubleshooting to assist clients with connectivity, printing, customization, user profile and applications.
Provide strong Microsoft Office 365 and Mobile Device troubleshooting to resolve client issues.
Troubleshoot backup solutions, mail-flow, and Exchange DAG.
Utilize conceptual knowledge of working firewalls to ensure secure connectivity.
Utilize various tools to manage the network, assist remote users, and document and track client information using LogicMonitor, Kaseya, IT Glue, Egnyte, Mimecast, Meraki, etc.
Deploy new hardware using Microsoft imaging technology such as MS AutoPilot and Intune to manage and distribute those devices to both local and remote users.
Responsible for user account management in Active Directory, Managing GPOs, Entra ID/Azure AD, Exchange, spam filter, and other platforms.
This includes user creation, removal, changes, and password resets.
Utilize strong working knowledge of Corporate Networking and Services to provide client support.
It also includes troubleshooting DHCP servers, DNS, name resolution issues, AD replication, VPN, and PowerShell scripting.
Resolve end user hardware/software issues and keep track of that information via SNOW ticketing system.
Perform Wi-Fi connectivity troubleshooting.
Update and maintain documentation.
Serve as a point of escalation to level I engineers.
Perform after hours work as needed for on-site support and infrastructure/server maintenance.

DEPT. Of VETERANS ADMINISTRATION (Take2 Consulting) – DECATUR, GA 12/2020 to 11/2021
IT Specialist / System Administrator – Employed Full Time 40 Hours per week

Provide a variety of customer support services essential to the effective performance of Veterans Administration Systems. Instrumental with the planning and delivery of technical support services, including troubleshooting, installation, removals, moves, systems knowledge, and assistance in response to customer requirements.

Key Contributions:

Responsible for planning and delivering IT support services to Senior Executive Services (SES) and VIP staff which includes installation, configuration, and troubleshooting hardware and software, providing customer assistance by diagnosing and resolving IT problems, and/or identifying, obtaining, and providing IT training.

Diagnosing and resolving problems in response to customer reported incidents, researching, evaluating, and providing feedback on problematic trends and patterns in customer support requirements, developing and maintaining problem tracking and resolution databases.

Identifying, evaluating, and providing customer IT training/support service needs, developing training guides, identifying and assisting customers in the use of available training tools to optimize IT system utilization, evaluating and recommending adoption of new/enhanced approaches to delivering IT training and information services, evaluating, reporting on, and recommending implementation of new IT training and information technologies, and/or overseeing the implementation of new systems/services including training others on their use.

Ensuring Help Desk tracking and IT asset Information is accurately entered into in SNOW.
Ensure data closets are kept organized when adding or removing patch cabling.
Supporting telecommunications systems configurations related to Moves, Adds, and Changes.
Diagnose and resolve problems in response to customer reported incidents.
Investigate and recommend the purchase of tools and technologies to improve responsiveness to customer requirements.
Manage moves and/installations of IT equipment to assure coordination of IT support and customer service.
Provide feedback on problematic trends and patterns in technical support to my local supervisor.
Develop and maintain problem tracking and resolution databases ensuring accurate records are filed.
Install and configure VA approved software applications for local and remote users.
Provide printer support with repairs, network printer setups and upgrades.
Administer user account requests regarding account lockouts, expired and group add/removals.
Responsible for imaging, updating, and patching of new and recycled laptops and desktops.
Supported the local IT technicians by preparing and distributing IT equipment, devices and peripherals while also tracking the equipment issued via MAXIMO asset inventory system.
Underwent a background investigation to obtain a clearance level of Public Trust to work with sensitive compartmented information.

SAIA INC. (Infrastructure & Communications) – JOHNS CREEK, GA 6/2020 to 12/2020
Tier II Helpdesk Technician – Employed Full Time 40 Hours per week

Provided Tier II Support for local and remote staff. Monitored the Helpdesk queue for assigned tickets and responded to and/or escalated them working the highest priority cases first.

Key Contributions:
●Provide support for a variety of devices to include printers, cell phones, tablets, software, and network devices.
●Resolved network connectivity issues.
●Reset local and remote printers to include assigning or reassigning their network IP’s.
●Managed user and computer accounts while properly maintaining OU containers using Active Directory. Create and disabled user accounts. Reset and change user passwords.
●Create, enable/disable, or delete user’s A/S 400 accounts.
●Provide support for user’s virtual profiles and desktops in a Citrix environment.
●Monitor SolarWinds for issues such as network outages, server, and software issues.
●Notify server, software, and service owners immediately for any work stoppage issues.
●Repair desktops and laptops for local and remote staff.
●Provide support for a variety of proprietary in-house software.
●Document all support activities that occur during the shift and provide management with a detailed report at the end of the shift.

DIRECT TECHNOLOGIES – SUWANEE, GA 7/2012 to 3/2020
Network Administrator / ISO – Employed Full Time 40+ Hours per week

Responsible for the setup and monitoring of the internal IT Help Desk ticketing system, Deploy MS updates across the network using SolarWinds Patch Manager. Daily administration of Windows XP, 7, and windows 10 workstations to include servers 2003, 2008, 2012, 2016, and 2019. Ensured daily and weekly backups were performed to include testing of our backups ensuring they are valid, and our disaster recovery plans worked as intended. Purchase, setup and deploy VMware ESXi servers 5.0, 5.5 and vSphere 6.0. Responsible for monitoring and configuration of Cisco ASA 55x firewall and Cisco managed switches. Responsible for user onboarding & offboarding to ensure company assets were accounted for such as remote user desktops, laptops, mobile devices and updating their user AD login credentials and any files stored on the network. Performed desktop and laptop hardware/software installations, imaging, configurations, and hardening. Experience with VMware, Active Directory, managing AD & GPO’s using PowerShell scripting, DHCP/DNS, SAN/DAS/NAS, SQL Admin, Backups, Disaster Recovery, System Troubleshooting, Support, and Enhancement. Managing MS Exchange 2003/2007/2010 to include setup of mobile email and Webmail. Manage companywide AVG Business antivirus deployment for managing endpoint security/malware removal. Instrumental in assisting with all aspects of the company’s annual HITRUST and SOC I & II certification process, documentation, and implementation.

Key Contributions:
●Assumed the role of Information Security Officer (ISO) as outlined in the security policy.
●Assist the ISCO with the process of obtaining our HITRUST and SOC2 certifications.
●Adhere to security best practices regarding data confidentiality, handling, and disposal.
●Create user and client accounts on both FTP and SFTP servers while documenting any needed account changes.
●Setup, document, and maintain VPN user accounts for access to the company’s local resources.
●Manages the company NEC-DSX telco phone system.
●Manages email services and spam filter. (Exchange 2007-2010 & AppRiver spam services).
●Integrate into AD and maintain Citrix servers to include add/remove users and permissions.
●Run network and telephone drops to accommodate new devices when needed.
●Responsible for maintaining camera system between both company locations.
●Perform network monitoring on windows-based devices using HP OpenView and Wireshark.
●Troubleshoot issues with network services such as MS Active Directory, LDAP, DNS, TCP/IP DHCP.
●Set up VPN between remote locations to enable remote user connections to the internal network.
●Performed enterprise backup and recovery operations using Backup Exec software.
●Provide onsite user support and/or remote support using RDP, Remote Admin, Real VNC, or Team Viewer.
●Responsible for monitoring and analyzing systems logs daily for any anomalies.
●Microsoft Active Directory and GPO implementation.
●Manage user and client data in network shares to include access privileges assigned to those shares.
●Deployed Symantec Backup Exec into the network environment using best practices.
●Assist with Office 365 migration to include user maintenance and setup. Setup and configured users Outlook clients for 2013, 2016, 2019, and O365. With our requirement of Multi-Factor Authentication for added security purposes.
●Instrumental in upgrading the company phone system to Nortel VOIP technology.
●Worked on-call during after-hours and weekends in the event of network outages, remote user support, and scheduled maintenance and upgrades.
●Hands on experience supporting Cisco ASA 55x Firewall and Cisco 2960 Catalyst switches.

PRINCIPLE SOLUTIONS GROUP - NORCROSS, GA 10/2011 to 7/2012
Information Systems Technician - Honeywell Aerospace – Employed Full Time 40 Hours per week

As a member of the IT Systems Integration team, I served as a point of contact for end users to receive support and maintenance within the organization’s desktop/laptop computing environment. Worked on projects within other departments as backup to assist with supporting the network, desktops, laptops, and printers. Create Windows XP and Windows 7 workstations to operate in Hyper-V environment for both test and production case use scenarios. Used imaging software to prepare new desktops and laptops for new and existing users. Transferred user’s data to replacement desktop/laptops.

Key Contributions:
●Installed, diagnosed, repaired, maintained, and upgraded all PC hardware and equipment, primarily in a Microsoft Windows-based environment, ensuring optimal workstation performance. This included MS Office/Outlook 2003, 2007 and 2010 software suite.
●Performed troubleshooting of problem areas (in person, by telephone, or using remote software) in a timely and accurate fashion and provided end-user assistance where required.
●Resolved user account issues, including password resets and account creations in Active Directory.
●Responded to incoming calls and requests regarding hardware and software issues via the Remedy ticketing system.
●Documented all instances of computer hardware failure, purchase/repair, installation, and disposal.
●Responsible for isolation and removal of malware/viruses on both user devices and the network.

ATLANTA PUBLIC SCHOOLS - ATLANTA, GA 8/2010 to 10/2011
IT Specialist – Employed Full Time 40 Hours per week

Analyzed and assessed business and technology challenges, provided cost assessment, and implemented solutions for all issues that arose. Identified the most efficient methods to achieve top performance goals, eliminate waste, and reduce expenses in the technology sector. Participated in program planning, as well as policy and procedure development.

Key Contributions:
●Provided training and support for new technicians regarding our documentation and processes for handling IT assets being repurposed or obsolete assets being disposed of.
●Developed and implemented help desk processes, goals, and metrics consistent with the technical direction of the school district.
●Performed repairs and refurbishment on equipment to be redistributed throughout the school district.
●Coordinated, tracked, and documented the disposal of obsolete equipment to be posted to the school district’s auction website.
●Maintained documentation of equipment entering and leaving the department using the districts AIMS Inventory Tracking System.
●Provide management with weekly reports of computing assets entering and leaving my assigned location.
●Managed operating systems and applications deployment using Microsoft System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM).

PAT DOZIERS TAX AND CONSULTING LLC - ATLANTA, GA 2/2007 to 6/2010
IT Support / Service Technician – Employed Full Time 40 Hours per week

Maintained and supported LAN/WAN and desktop systems for service organization. Directed incident and problem management of IT applications.

Key Contributions:
●Install, upgrade, update, and troubleshoot workstations and server OS’s, including user data transfer.
●Install, configure, and maintain Blackberry server and cell phones.
●Respond to network and internet outages and when necessary, communicate with the ISP to resolve such issues.
●Respond to virus and malware infections that occur on the network or individual workstations.
●Deploy operating systems to new and existing workstations using Norton Ghost Software.
●Troubleshoot issues with Microsoft Office suite (slow opening, crashes, etc.)
●Run network and telephone drops to accommodate new devices when needed.
●Manage Exchange Server 2003 Active Directory environment to include add/remove user and computer accounts and permissions to network shares.

CAREER STATEMENT

“I am a computational thinker looking for a position where my IT expertise will continue grow and excel. My imagination and fortitude have led me to a career in Information Technology and I thrive gain as much knowledge necessary to grow within the industry. My initiative, teamwork abilities, problem solving, and understanding of client needs allow me to spot trends and work effectively. I intend to be an asset to your company where I can take on new responsibilities, grow, and influence others.”

EDUCATION

Advanced Technology Group Computer Networking 2009
Specialization: Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA)

Advanced Technology Group Computer Networking 2009
Specialization: IT Networking Professional (CompTIA Network+)

Advanced Technology Group Computer Repair 2009
Specialization: Certified IT Technician (CompTIA A+)

Florida Metropolitan University Computer Programming 1998-1999
Specialization: Computer Programming, Visual Basic, VB.NET, VBA

Tidewater Community College Computer Programming 1989-1990
Specialization: Computer Programming, Cobol I & II

CERTIFICATIONS

Network Security Professional – CompTIA’s Security+
Secure Infrastructure Specialist – CompTIA’s CSIS
IT Operations Specialist – CompTIA’s CIOS
Certified Networking Professional – CompTIA’s Network+
Certified IT Professional – CompTIA’s A+

Security Clearance

Public Trust – 2021
Contact this candidate