PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

*+ years of hands-on experience in Network Engineering, Designing, Integrating, Deploying, Maintaining and Supporting broad range of Communication Systems. Very good exposure to various networking tools, topologies, multi-vendor equipment and various work environments.
Strong Exposure to Routing, switching, Firewalls, proxies, Load balancers, Radius, DNS, DHCP, Monitoring, Log Collectors, Wireless and Network Automation.
Strong hands-on experience in Installing, Troubleshooting, Configuring of Cisco cat 9300, ASR1k, 7200vxr, 3900, 3800, 2900, 2800 series routers and Cisco Catalyst 6500, 4500, 3850T, 3750, 2950 and 3500XL series Switches.
Hands on experience working with Cisco Nexus 7K, 5K & 2K Switches. Configuration of VPC, VDC, Peer Gateway, HSRP and FEX on Nexus family.
Hands on experience in Cisco IOS/IOS-XR/NX-OS, Juniper JUNOS for configuration & troubleshooting of routing protocols: MP-BGP, OSPF, LDP, EIGRP, BGP v4, MPLS, NAT, VLAN, STP, VTP, HSRP & GLBP.
Hands on experience working with Cisco CSR1000v. Experience in fibre channel infrastructure.
Experience with capacity planning, Fiber Channel and mirroring, backup/archive and recovery solutions, high availability, storage consolidation/migration, performance and tuning.
Expert level knowledge of troubleshooting, implementing, optimizing and testing of static and dynamic routing protocols such as EIGRP, OSPF, BGP ability to interpret and resolve complex route table problems.
Design and configure various Azure Networking resources like Azure Virtual Network (VNET), IP addressing scheme, DDoS protection, Subnets, Address Spaces, BGP.
Experience in working with Cisco Identity Services Engine (ISE) and ACS. Worked on Security groups, tags, AAA profiles on ISE.
Worked on Zscaler Internet Access and Zscaler Private Access. Worked on Migrating from Cisco IronPort’s and Bluecoat to ZIA. Experience with Zero Trust Network Access.
Worked on Network Segmentation using Palo Alto Firewalls and Illumio. Worked on implementing policies in Illumio for various segments in the network.
Worked on AWS and Azure Cloud connectivity, Cloud Networking and Cloud security. Worked on Equinix cloud Exchange provider.
Worked on Cisco Viptella, Versa SD-WAN solutions. Migrated from DM-VPN and MPLS circuits to SD-WAN solutions.
Worked on Cisco DCNM, Spine leaf Architecture, VXLAN tunnelling. Migrated from Legacy networks to Cisco ACI and Arista Cloud Vision.
Worked on Network Automation. Experience with Ansible and Python Scripting to automate configurations and Processes.
Cisco ASA Firewall troubleshooting and policy change requests for new IP segments that either come online or that may have been altered during various planned network changes on the network.
Configuration, Troubleshooting and Maintenance of Palo Alto Firewalls - PA200, PA2000 series, PA3000 series, PA4000 series and PA5000 series. Implemented Zone Based Firewalling and Security Rules on the Palo Alto Firewall.
Worked on Next Gen Firewall features like URL filtering, SSL Forward Proxy, SSL Decryption, APP ID and Threat ID, Panorama in PA firewalls.
Experience in F5 BIG IP and Cisco ACE Load balancers for load balancing and traffic management of business applications. Migration Experience from ACE to F5.
Worked on F5 LTM, GTM series like 6400, 6800, 8800 for the corporate applications and their availability. Experience with Virtual servers, Pools, Monitors, SNAT, proficient in iRule scripting, Persistence, Profiles, Wide Ip’s, Zones, Listener IP, Static and Dynamic Load balancing techniques on LTM and GTM.
Configured F5 Viprion load balancers for MS Exchange, Skype for Business, Citrix ICA, Airwatch SEG as well as other business applications. Worked on LTM guest Operating Systems and created multiple Route Domains to separate the traffic between different tenants.
Experience with Layer 2 and Layer 3 protocols like, FRR CEF, MLS, Ether Channel VLAN, VTP, VMPS, ISL, dot1q, DTP, Spanning tree, PVSTF, HSRP, VRRP and GLBP.
Extensive knowledge in all Wi-Fi Standards including 802.11a, b, g, n, ac. Worked on installing of Cisco and Aruba Wireless Controllers. Worked on Cisco CWAP, LAWP, Aruba 225, 325, AP groups, SSID’s, Authentication rules, 802.1X for Wireless etc.

EDUCATION:

Bachelors in information technology From SVIT GPA – 3.5/4.0

CERTIFICATION:

Cisco Certified Network Professional (CCNP)
Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA)
Palo Alto Certified (PCNSE).

TOOLS AND TECHNOLOGIES:

Routers
Cisco 1800, 2600, 2800, 3700, 3800, 3900, 7200, 7600 series, ASR 9k, juniper ACX series routers.
Switches
Cisco Catalyst 3550, 3750, 4500, 6500 series & nexus 7k, 5k, 2k, 1000v, juniper Ex4200, Ex9208, ACX 1000
Load Balancer
Cisco CSS, F5 Networks (BIG-IP)
WAN Optimization
Cisco WAAS, PPP Multilink, Riverbed
Routing
OSPF, EIGRP, BGP, PBR, Route Filtering, Redistribution, Summarization, Static Routing
Switching
VLAN, VTP, STP, RPVST+, Inter VLAN routing & Multi-Layer Switching Layer 3 Switches, Ether Channels, Transparent Bridging
LAN
Fast Ethernet & Gigabit Ethernet.
WAN
Leased lines 64k - 155Mb (PPP / HDLC), Fiber Optic Circuits, Frame Relay, MPLS, DMVPN
Voice
Cisco call manager 8.x, 7.x
IP Telephony
VOIP, ISDN, PRI, Unified Call Manager
Wireless
Cisco 4400, 5500 Wireless Controller (WLC) and 3500, 3700 series Access Points
Firewalls
Cisco ASA, Juniper SRX, Palo Alto, Checkpoint FW’s
Features & Services
IOS and Features, HSRP, GLBP, NAT, SNMP, SYSLOG, NTP, DHCP, CDP, DNS, FTP and FTP Management
Network Monitor Tool
MRTG, Net brain & SolarWinds & Cisco Prime Infrastructure
Protocol Analyzer
Wireshark, NetFlow
Operating System:
Windows (XP, 7, 10), Cisco IOS/XR/XE, Junos, Pan-OS

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Client: Tesla Jan’22 – Till Date
Location: Austin, TX
Role: Sr Network Engineer (Supported Network, Security and Cloud)

Description: Worked in Network/Network Security team to support firewall deployment and migration. Worked on next generation Data center Architecture deployment using cisco ACI, Palo Alto firewalls, F5 LTM and GTM. Worked on L3 operations on Routing, switching, Network Security and Application Delivery controllers, WAN connectivity using MPLS, Citrix VDI and supported RADIUS, DNS, DHCP and other documentation tools. Worked on Network Automation using Ansible and Python and REST APIs.

Responsibilities:
Worked on Deploying Cisco ACI using Nexus 9k switches in Spine and Leaf. Worked on BGP Underlay and VXLAN overlay technology using cisco ACI.
Worked on configuration of Tenants, Bridge Domains, EPG groups, Application templates, VRF configuration of various traffic flows. Configuration includes Arista 7000 series core routers, Border Leaf, Palo Altos for perimeter security, F5 LTM and GTM for application load balancing.
Worked on Cisco ISE for end point security, deployed 802.1x for wired and wireless end points.
Worked on migration from ASA to Palo alto firewalls. Experience with URL Filtering, APP ID, SSL decryption, SSL forward proxy for internet traffic flows.
Experience with AWS network configuration with various virtual networks, direct connect, regions and zones, network interfaces, VPC and EC2
Experience working on cloud security, configuring interface VPC end points, resilience, data protection, identity access mgmt., key pairs.
Designed and implemented scalable and redundant data center network architectures to ensure high availability and fault tolerance.
Worked on security groups- default and custom for web server, data base, elastic load balancing rules, VPC peering rules, connection tracking.
Experience with Zscaler Internet security and Zscaler private access. Worked on ZIA for internet web traffic security. Migrated from IronPort’s to Zscaler ZIA. Worked on setting up tunnels from f5 devices to Zscaler cloud.
Worked on configuration of PAC file. Worked on setting up PZENs locally for source IP anchoring.
Worked on Zscaler policies, cloud app control policies, advanced threat, malware, sand box-based policies.
Worked on Azure AD SAML authentication for Zscaler authentication and AD group-based policies.
Worked on SCIM provisioning from Azure AD to Zscaler ZIA for users and groups sync.
Worked on ZPA for replacing traditional SSL VPN.
Worked on setting up connectors on prem, communication outbound from Connectors to ZEN nodes.
Worked on configuration of access policies in ZPA for various applications. Worked on ZPA browser based and zap/ZCC based access.
Experience configuring forwarding profiles, app profiles for ZPA and ZIA in ZAPP. Worked on setting up lSS and NSS servers for log streaming and feed to local SIEM servers.
Part of project team to deploy Zscaler Cloud proxies using GRE tunnels to Zcloud from Edge routers, Azure AD SSO authentication, user group policies on Cloud based proxies for Internet traffic.
Worked on Infoblox DNS, DHCP and IPAM configuration with Internal, External and Cache grids. Worked on Delegations, DNS forwarding. Worked on Global Load Balancing using GTM Wide IP delegations from Infoblox.
Experience with Netbrain tool for Dynamic and automated Network Diagrams, Path Analysis, Inventory reports.
Experience with configuration and troubleshooting in routing protocols that include OSPF and BGP.
Experience with OSPF configuration in Data Centers and WAN. BGP attributes in ISP side on Edge and Internet core routers.
Experience with VSYS, Security policies, App tags, U-turn NAT, Virtual routers, Zones, URL filtering using Domains, SSL decryption, NAT policies, monitoring, Panorama, APP ID on Palo Alto firewalls.
Worked on Virtual servers, irules, Profiles, Monitors, Persistence, WideIP, Upgrade procedures, SNAT, Network configuration, VLANS, SELF IP, Route Domains on F5 LTM and GTM.
Worked on Citrix NetScaler to deploy VDI, load balancing store front servers and Authentication.
Worked on Network Automation with Configuration templates, Integrating tools like Infoblox with F5, Automatic PAC file updates etc.
Designing the change plan based on security requirements, site utilization and remote dependencies, coordinate network changes with various teams and implement site migration in multiple stages.
Experience on Juniper SRX 3600, 5800 Firewalls, Palo Alto 2K, 5K and 7K series Firewalls.
Experience of monitoring network performance and implementing performance tuning when necessary.
Firewall expertise and Firewall Zone's Segmentation for PCI compliance.
Creating new interfaces on Firewalls and connecting to Spine Switches and ESR Routers.
Technical support in finding the root cause analysis of the Network failure there by curbing it using tools of operational research and methods.
Successfully planned and executed network migrations to optimize performance and accommodate changing business needs.
Involving in the troubleshooting sessions and finding the root cause of the issue using the Splunk, Firewall logs and fixing the issues.
Different Network tools like Splunk, Wire-shark, TCP-dump etc. are used to see the root cause and fix them.
Configuring threat prevention profiles, URL filtering, File Blocking, Wildfire profiles, security rules to the Palo Alto devices which are used as IPS.
Upgrading the OS and creating Antivirus and Anti-Spyware Profiles for all the Palo Alto Devices.
Monitoring the Firewalls which are configured to be monitored by Statseeker Tool through SNMP.

Environment: Nexus 9k, Cisco 3550/4500/6500 switches, Arista 7000 series core routers, Juniper SRX 3k, 5k Firewalls, Palo Alto 2k, 5k and 7k Next Gen Firewalls, LAN, WAN, OSPF, RIP, BGP, EIGRP, HSRP, PPP, VPN, Splunk, Wire-shark, TCP-dump, DC migration, F5 LTM and GTM, Netbrain, Statseeker.

Client: Intuit Jan’20 – Dec’21
Location: Plano, TX
Role: Senior Network Engineer

Description: Maintain, Operate, Design and Troubleshoot Layer 1, 2 and 3 issues. Maintain connectivity from Enterprise to remote sites and to Data centers. Support and Design F5 LTM and GTM for internal and public facing applications. Migration from ASA to PA 5000 series for Perimeter Firewall and Installation of multiple PA firewalls. Network support for Storage and Virtualization teams. On call rotation for any network issues.

Responsibilities:
Designing and Deployment of Access, Distribution and Core layers in Data Center environment using Juniper QFX and MX series switches. Worked on OSPF and BGP configuration.
Experience with converting Checkpoint VPN rules over to the Cisco ASA solution. Migration with Cisco ASA VPN experience.
Provided Level-3 Network support for Cisco Switches and Cisco ASA 5500 Series Security.
Implemented Site-to-Site VPNs over the Internet utilizing 3DES, AES/AES-256 with ASA Firewalls.
Experience in converting PIX rules over to the Cisco ASA solution.
Configure and maintain all Palo Alto Networks Firewall models (PA-2k, PA-3k, PA-5k etc.) as well as a centralized management system (Panorama) to manage large scale Firewall deployments.
Hands on experience on all software blades of Check Point Firewall. 24x7 on-call step-up support as a part of the safety operations team.
Working closely with knowledge centre management to investigate the information centre sites for cabling necessities of assorted network instrumentation.
Migration from Checkpoint firewall cluster to Cisco ASA 5580 firewalls in a failover pair configuration.
Provided application-level redundancy and accessibility by deploying F5 load balancers. LTM and GTM Installation and operation.
Designing and assisting in deploying enterprise-wide Network Security and High Availability Solutions for ASA.
Worked extensively in Configuring, observation and Troubleshooting Cisco's ASA 5500/PIX security appliance, Failover demilitarized zone socialization & configuring VLANs/routing/NAT.
Managing a TACACS server for VPN user authentication and network devices authentication.
Performed Imperva Secure Sphere DAM on WAF Health Checks.
Managing and providing support to numerous project groups with regards to the addition of recent instrumentation like routers switches and firewalls to the DMZs.
Implementing traffic engineering on existing Multiprotocol Label Switching (MPLS) network and Open Shortest Path First (OSPF).
Provided redundancy in a very multi homed Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) network by tunings AS-path.
Configured and troubleshooting Riverbed WAN optimization software to improve the network acceleration at the user end.
Designed data center network architectures, considering factors such as redundancy, fault tolerance, and disaster recovery to meet business continuity requirements.
Earlier efforts included verification of DOCSIS upstream logical channels, proprietary RF spectrum.
management algorithms, system high availability, etc.
Support vendors with product and service requirements based on Charter business needs and internal customer requests.
Deploy, scale and automate network across multiple global datacentres supporting Amazon Web Services (AWS).
Knowledge and skill of 802.11 a/b/g/n LAN normal for wireless Technology.
Used Cisco ACI Fabric which is based on Cisco Nexus 9000 Series Switches and the Cisco Application Virtual Switch (AVS).
Proven expertise on design and implementation of high-density Data Center and DR.
Configure best route map configurations in the new Cisco IOS XR Routing Protocol Language (RPL).
Supporting EIGRP and BGP supported network by partitioning level two & three issues of internal groups & external customers of all locations.
Extensive active expertise with complicated routed local area network and WAN networks, routers, and switches.
Design and Building Software-Defined Data Centre environment, including VMware, VCenter, NSX and Cisco ACI.
Efficient at use of Microsoft VISIO/Office as technical documentation and presentation tools.
Configured Windows Clusters, Windows NLB, H/W Load Balancers (F5, Netscaler). Deployed, configured, and troubleshooting runtime errors related to .Net applications on 7.0/7.5 Web Servers and Windows Server 2008/2008 R2 in Dev, QA & Pre-prod environments.

Environment: Nexus 2k/5k/7k, Cisco 6500/7500/7200 Routers, Cisco 3550/4500/6500 switches, Juniper SRX100, Fortinet Next Generation Fire Walls, LAN, WAN, OSPF, RIP, BGP, EIGRP, HSRP, PPP, VPN, Checkpoint, Cisco ASA, AWS, TCL, Riverbed, Clustered SQL server 2014/2012/2008R2/2008/2005, DC migration, Active-Active& Active-Passive Clustering, Windows 2012/2008R2/2008/2003

Client: Deloitte Jun’18 – Dec’19
Location: NYC, NY
Role: Senior Network Security Engineer

Description: Migrate from ASA to PA firewalls for Perimeter and Internal Firewalls. Worked on Checkpoint firewalls and Juniper SRX firewalls for the Xerox project. Worked on configuring Site to Site VPN tunnels, security measures and traffic flow analysis from DMZ to Inside and outside zones.

Responsibilities:
Hands on experience in the configuration, troubleshooting of Juniper SRX firewalls as well as experience working directly with customer in a service/support environment.
Troubleshooting Firewall Connectivity related issues using Smart view tracker on Checkpoint, NSM Log viewer for Juniper Firewalls.
Deployment and Management of Bluecoat proxies in forward proxy scenario as well as for security in reverse proxy scenario.
Demonstrated understanding of network security concepts and systems including F5, WSA, Palo Alto, ASA
Worked on Blue Coat Proxy SG to safeguard web applications in extremely untrusted environments such as guest Wi-Fi zones.
Performing URL filtering and content filtering by adding URLs in Bluecoat Proxy SG’s.
Managing & administering Cisco WSA.
Enforce policy checks on north-south and east-west data center traffic through Panorama M-500. Provided escalated technical support in troubleshooting firewall and network issues.
Day-to-Day work involves scheduling firewall policy provisioning and working with users to identify connectivity related issues and troubleshoot using both Smart Utilities and CLI.
Active/Standby and Active/Active HA configuration on Cisco ASA and Palo Alto Firewalls.
Configuring High Availability using Cluster XL on Checkpoint as well as VRRP and monitor the Sync status for stateful replication of traffic between active and standby member.
Managing and administering Juniper SRX and Checkpoint Firewalls at various zones including DMZ, Extranet (Various Business Partners) and ASZ and internal.
Expert in Next Gen Firewall Techniques for traffic filtering such as URL Filtering, SSL decryption, Forward proxy, Security policies, Zones, NAT/PAT, ACL, policy-maps etc.
Configured and deployed VPC, VSS, OTV, FABRIC PATH between Nexus 7010 and Nexus5596, 5548 switches along with FEX2248
Performing network monitoring, providing analysis using various tools like Wireshark, Riverbed and Solar winds.
Deep understanding of IDS/IPS such as Sourcefire and Foresight.
Assisted with the transition from the current Cisco ASA FW platform to the Cisco Firepower FPR 4150 NGFW
Implementing Security Solutions in Juniper SRX and Netscreen SSG firewalls by using NSM.
Juniper Firewall Policy management using NSM and Screen OS CLI.
Working on the network team to re-route BGP routes during maintenance and FW upgrades.
Cisco ASA security appliances including Sourcefire, Fire POWER services and Fire Sight Management Console.
Configure B2B VPN with various business partners and 3rd parties and troubleshoot VPN Phase 1 and Phase 2 connectivity issues including Crypto map, Encryption Domain, PSK etc.
Implemented configuration back-ups using WinSCP, Cyberfusion to automate the back-up systems with the help of public and private keys.
Experience with moving data center from one location to another location, from 6500 based data centers to Nexus based data center.
Follow information security policies, methods, standards, NIST standards, and practices to organize information systems, IT reference material, and interpret regulations.
Monitor Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS) console for active alerts and determine priority of response.

Environment: Cisco ASA5580/5540/5520, Checkpoint R70, R75, R77.20 Gaia, Palo Alto PA-5000/3000, Big IP F5 LTM/GTM, SolarWinds, Nexus switches, TCP/IP, VPN, Cisco Sourcefire, Splunk, Bluecoat Proxy servers, IDS/IPS. SIEM and Monitoring.

Client: Amazon Oct’16 – May’18
Location: San Jose, CA
Role: Senior Network Engineer

Description: Design and implementation of Nexus 7K devices as part of Data Center migration. Worked on Nexus family and ASA in setting up from scratch, upgrades. Worked on tickets and NOC team in layer 1, 2 and 3 issues in DC.

Responsibilities:
Responsible for the implementation and maintenance of firewall-based security zones (DMZ*s).
Provide support to internal project teams by adding firewalls, switches and routers to managed DMZs.
Configure the layer 2 and layer 3 on Cisco Nexus 7K, 5K, 6509, 9710, 5596 UP, 4500, 3850, 3950, ASR and 2960
Worked with Checkpoint, Cisco ASA, and Palo Alto Networks solutions.
Experience in HSRP standby troubleshooting & Experience in configuring & upgrading of Cisco IOS.
Implementing & troubleshooting of T1, MUXES, CSU/DSU and data circuits.
Experience on designing and troubleshooting of complex BGP and OSPF routing problems,
Have sound knowledge of Firewall architecture, routing, and VPN.
Have experience working on HP Open view Network Node Manager.
Upgrade firewalls in accordance with change management & Document changes to firewalls.
Monitor traffic and access logs to troubleshoot network access issues.
Have experience with Cisco Works LAN Management Solution.
Experience with configuring Cisco 6500, 6800, 4500 VSS in Distribution layer of the Data center network
Implemented Positive Enforcement Model with the help of Palo Alto Networks
Experience in migration of Frame-relay based branches to MPLS based technology using multi-layer stackable switch like 6500 series and 2800 series router.
Testing VPC, BGP, OSPF, EIGTP, RIP, SPAN, Sflow, VLAN Trunking, SVI and power supplies on Nexus and ASR devices
Involved in design and implementation of Data Center Migration, worked on implementation strategies for the expansion of the MPLS VPN networks.
Hands on experience with Cisco 3500, 3750, 4500, 6500 series equipment and configuring and deploying and fixing them with various modules like Gig card, VPN SPA card, WIC card.
Cisco IOS experience on 3600/7200 class hardware in complex WAN environment and experience on Cisco OS and IOS on CAT6500 in a complex data center environment.
Involved in configuring IP Quality of service (QoS).
Involved in designing L2VPN services and VPN-IPSEC authentication & encryption system.
Experience in designing, installing & configuring of Cisco PIX, ASA & FWSM (Firewall service module).
Evaluate, Analyse & Implement firewall policies to meet business requirements.
Experience in creating and maintaining firewall configurations, updating documentation and log analysis.
Worked extensively in configuring, monitoring, and troubleshooting Cisco's ASR 5500
Applying crypto maps and security keys for the branches, ISAKMP (Internet security association key management protocol) for establishing Security associations (SA) cryptographic keys.
Experience in configuring routing protocols like EIGRP, RIP v2, OSPF & BGP and Cisco ACS protocols like RADIUS and TACACS.
Experienced in WAN environments, installing and troubleshooting data circuit problems (MPLS, T1).
Worked on Layer 2 protocols such as STP, VTP, STP, RSTP, PVSTP+, MST and other VLAN troubleshooting issues and configuring switches from scratch and deployment.
Involved in designing and applying QOS and policy map to 2800 series routers for all the branches.
Involved in designing GRE tunnels for encryption of data flow from source to destination.
Implementing VoIP solutions using SIP & H.323, also have sound knowledge of Avaya VoIP products.
Implemented and deployed VoIP using ASR 1k series SBC (Session Border Controller).
Experience in configuring VLAN’s STP (Spanning tree Protocol) & RTSP (Rapid Spanning Tree Protocol).
Experience with Project documentation tools & implementing and maintaining network monitoring systems (Cisco works & Netinfo, Infoman Virtual Change) and experience with developing network design documentation and presentations using VISIO.
Understanding & Implementation of IPSEC & GRE tunnels in VPN technology.

Environment: Router 2800, 3800, 7200, 7600, Cisco Catalyst Switch 6500, 6509, 3550

Client: Flipkart Aug’14 – Sep’16
Location: IND
Role: Network Engineer

Description: Worked in Providing connectivity to remote sites, Enterprise buildings, IDF/MDF Architecture, Cabling, MAC based authentication using ACS. Troubleshooting on OSPF, BGP and VLAN’s, IPsec tunnels to remote and vendor sites. Worked on Cisco, Juniper and Dell gear.

Responsibilities:
●Maintaining the Network Infrastructure, Installation, migration and configuration of routers and switches for clients.
●Provide alternative means from dial-up connection to bring down the damage or loss that occurs for the client.
●Configured Routing protocols such as OSPF and policy-based routing.
●Team member of Configuration of CISCO 7206 router and Configuration of Catalyst switches.
●Configuration 7609, 7606 with OSPF and catalyst 6505, 4500, 3550 switches with various VLAN.
●Create and test Cisco router and switching operations using OSPF routing protocol.
●Configuration and troubleshooting link state protocols like OSPF in multiple areas.
●Configured HSRP and VLAN trucking 802.1Q, VLAN Routing on Catalyst 6500 switches.
●Optimized performance of the WAN network consisting of CISCO 3550/4500/6500 switches by configuring VLANs.
●Configured VLANs with 802.1q tagging. Configured Trunk groups, ether channels, and Spanning tree for creating Access/distribution and core layer switching architecture.
●Configured BPDU Guard, port-fast, uplink fast and other spanning tree features.
●Configuration and troubleshooting of Cisco 2500, 2600, 3000, 6500, 7500, 7200 Series routers.
●Configured IP access filter policies.
●Providing Technical Support and solutions for Network Problems.
●Implementing NAT solutions on Cisco IOS routers.
●Upgrading IOS, troubleshooting network outages.
●Worked on Cisco Routers, Active /Passive Hubs, Switches.
●Having Data Center Design Experience, installing and Configuring Network Devices in a Data Center including patching the cables in the Patch Panel. Design and implemented network infrastructure and configured all the network Infrastructure devices including Network Printers and Registers.

Environment: Cisco 3550/4500/6500 switches and Cisco 2500, 2600, 3000, 6500, 7500, 7200 routers, Checkpoint.
Contact this candidate