DIJUAN S. KELLOM
E: ad8ykz@r.postjobfree.com Ph: 404-***-****

Summary:

Sales Engineer / Systems Engineer / Solutions Architect / Vulnerability Management /Network Engineer
Over 20 years’ experience of Technical Design, Implementation, and Sales support of Enterprise systems, Cloud and SaaS Solutions. Solid Technical Skills, Strong Initiative, Exciting Work Ethic

Education:

B.S. Computer Engineering Morehouse College, Atlanta, GA (1998)
CCIE, CISSP, CCNP

Core Strengths:

Experience in networking technologies: Cybersecurity, TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, LAN/WAN, Routing, Switching, Firewalls. Experience with Identity and Access Management tools and solutions.
Self-motivated, knowledge-seeking attitude with a willingness to share knowledge and experiences. Excellent verbal and written communication skills with both technical and non-technical audiences.

Skills:

Hardware/Systems: Cisco Routers/Switches, Nexus, Cisco UCS, Palo Alto. Fortinet, Tenable, Cisco Unified Communications, DNS/DHCP/IPAM (DDI), Infoblox, ServiceNOW, Cisco Wireless, Meraki, VMWare, Efficient IP, Automation, API, AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform, NetBrain

Experience:

Unisys June 2023 - Present
Sr. Vulnerability Manager - Engineer

●Review and evaluate security warnings or vulnerabilities pertaining to the management systems.
●Install hardware or software fixes associated with security vulnerabilities.
●Perform ongoing code updates to the management systems.
●Manage change to the management systems per established Change Management framework.
●Identify, research, recommend and track to closure appropriate controls to mitigate technical risk within the infrastructure.
●Keep the Security team and IT leadership aware of risks to technology, and business operations.
●Plan and execute internal and external vulnerability scans and assist as needed with remediation, includes infrastructure/systems level, and application layer vulnerabilities.
●Evaluate and analyze security levels and recommend adjustments based on understanding the business risk.
●Build reports, both technical, and executive level.
●DDI Management with Infoblox
●Mentor, teach, assist, and collaborate with other team members and engineers.

Fortinet August 2022- June 2023
Sr. Systems Engineer/ (SLED)
●Pre-sales – Design cybersecurity infrastructure for prospective customers
●Sales calls - As the main technical resource on sales calls, I would answer/educate the customer on issues ranging from features, specifications and functionality to integration.
●Conversant with networking applications and solutions.
●Post-sales - Serve as the lead technical contact for identified accounts for technical issues
●Work closely with the technical support team and engineering to answer, elevate and resolve customer's technical issues.

EfficientIP Dec 2019 – August 2022
Sr. Systems Engineer

●Leverage APIs and/or scripting to share contextual data with SIEM, Vulnerability Scanner, IOT Devices, ServiceNOW and other solutions.
●Technical resource for new and existing customers with on-premises and Cloud products (AWS, Azure, GCP).
●Create and Design DNS/DHCP/IPAM architectural infrastructure to modernize core network services
●Work with solution architects, operations, application developers and fellow engineers to provide a well-documented, monitored, stable and supportable DNS, DHCP & IPAM infrastructure
●Communicating with internal clients and stakeholders to identify new business requirements and design well architected infrastructure solutions that meet their needs
●Recommending changes to improve performance and stability at the configuration or code level
●Working as a top-level escalation point to perform complex troubleshoots, working with other infrastructure & application owners to resolve issues in the environment

Infoblox Aug 2017- Dec 2019
Sr. Systems Engineer

●Leverage APIs and/or scripting (Python) to share contextual data with SIEM, Vulnerability Scanner, IOT Devices, solutions.
●Technical resource for new and existing customers with Infoblox on-prem and Cloud products.
●Create and Design Infoblox architectural diagram that conveys a proposed DDI solution, how it will be engineered, and how it integrates with other solutions i.e: (Vulnerability Scanner, NAC, SIEM, Splunk, Ansible, ServiceNow)
●Educate partner technical sales teams about Infoblox solutions and technologies and when/how to identify opportunities and position Infoblox solutions to customer.

Cisco Feb 2012- Aug 2016
Sr. Systems Engineer

●Responsible for development and delivery of product demonstrations.
●Contributes to sales engineering effectiveness by identifying short-term and long-range issues that must be addressed, providing information and commentary pertinent to deliberations, recommending options and courses of action, implementing directives.
●Provide product demonstrations both in person and via WebEx
●Identifies current and future customer service requirements by establishing personal rapport with potential and actual customers and other persons in a position to understand service requirements. Provides product, service, or equipment technical and engineering information by answering questions and requests.
●Respond to functional and technical elements of RFIs/RFPs.
●Prepares cost estimates by studying design plans, and related customer documents, consulting with engineers, architects, and other professional and technical personnel.
●Design, install, and configuration of routers, switches, wireless and other network infrastructure components.
●Develops customers/channel partners by providing training and technical specifications on Cisco products.
●Strong operating experience in more than one of the following areas of specialization: Unified Communications/Collaboration technologies, Datacenter/Virtualization, Wireless/Borderless Network

EarthLink Business Mar 2010- Feb 2012
Sr. SIP/IP Engineer

●Design, document, and maintenance of the service provider network infrastructure for multiple locations.
●Key contributor to the network security systems and procedures adopted by the company.
●Assist in the architecture and design of network and security systems and policies.
●Responsible for LAN assessment and validating existing environments for Hosted VoIP solution.
●Plan, design, install, configure, and maintain the implementation of the Telephony infrastructure including hardware/software recommendations.
●Expert level knowledge of routing protocols and Internet services (RIP, OSPF, BGP, MPLS, TCP/IP, FTP, DNS, SSH)
●Testing of Cisco (IADs, Routers, Switches, Wireless Devices, Phones, ATA), ADTRAN (IADs, Routers, Switches), a variety of PBXs (Call Manager, CME, Avaya, NEC, Asterisk, etc.) to interface with Meta switch and Acme Session Border Controller in Production and Lab environment.
●Engineering and Implementation of Cloud/Hosted PBX services.
●Evaluate and/or recommend potential Telephony solutions (i.e., hardware, software, network-related) consistent with corporate goals and objectives.
●Provide support for critical functions daily, including (but not limited to) telecommunications infrastructure, PBX programming, telecommunications wiring/cabling and all related peripherals.
●SIP trunk testing.
●Design, document, test, and configure Wireless Access Point, IAD, and Router in Lab environment.
●Knowledge of wireless Standard 802.11 (a/b/g/n)

Cbeyond, Inc. May 2007-Mar 2010
Sr. Voice/Network Engineer

●Troubleshoot advanced service issues, including DS1 transport, PRI / CAS /SIP/FXS telephony signaling, SS7 Network, and DNS.
●Configure, implement, and troubleshoot signaling for protocols MGCP, SIP, ISDN (PRI), and SS7 Networks.
●Configure PBXs for interface with BroadSoft, and Acme Session Border Controller.
●Extensive understanding of IPv4/Ipv6 addressing including super netting and subnetting. Familiarity with the public IP allocation process RFC 1918 and RFC 4193
●Hands-on experience with VoIP networks with an understanding of the effects of Ethersam and/or RFC 2544 metrics.
●Provide top tier troubleshooting for MPLS network, IPsec VPNs, Internet feeds and wide-area backbone links
●An understanding of layer 1/2 serial line (T1/T3), 10/100/1000 Ethernet, CWDM, EFM, 802.x, Wireless Standards, 802.11 a/b/g/n, PPP, HDLC and packet over SONET transport.
●Experience with and the ability to implement, configure, and troubleshoot MPLS technologies including MPLS VPN's/EoMPLS. This includes troubleshooting Remote-Dial PPTP and IPsec tunnel connectivity.
●Extensive knowledge of and hands-on experience with troubleshooting layer 3 routing protocols such as BGP (including MP-BGP, Multihop-eBGP, Confederations, route-reflectors, regular expressions, route- maps, etc.), OSPF, static and RIPv2 routing.
●Layer 2 switch design experience including VLANs, 802.1q tagging, Ether Channel.
●Hands-on experience with lab test gear/applications such as Abacus, IXIA, Ethereal/Wireshark, snoop.
●Design, implement and troubleshoot large-scale, wide-area and local-area IP-based networks.
Contact this candidate