Jenny Stenson
224-***-****
Palatine, IL
BA, MA
Philosophy
Network Engineer
Consultant Chicago, IL
Maintained and supported network systems to ensure overall availability of Network. Configured networking equipment, such as routers, switches, firewalls and load balancers.
Provided network support in large enterprise customer data networks. Identified and troubleshoot Layer 1 and 2 issues such as Frame relay, MPLS, and T1. Configured and troubleshoot Layer 2 issues pertaining to VTP, Spanning Tree, and Vlan.
Monitored and brought up new remote sites on private satellite networks. Maintained and responded to information from security monitoring systems such as ping monitor, servers, smart and remedy ticketing system. Maintained network infrastructure documentation.
Conflicts Database Integrity Specialist
Katten Muchin Rosenman, LLP Chicago,Il
Developed and implemented and oversaw database policies and procedures to ensure the integrity of the system. Responsible for managing the legal database for responding to request for data from legal departments with in the law firm to support business processes dependent on legal data.
Researched and generated reports for conflict databases. Maintained database systems for analyzing and retrieving data. Analyzed conflict searches and performed quality checks and entered data. Communication Representative
Canon Business Solutions Schaumburg,IL
Respond to service request for copier repair in a timely and accurate manner. Work with a strong sense of urgency, tact and diplomacy to expedite orders. Assess problems and communicate issues to proper channels for execution and provide immediate resolution. Networked various digital imaging features such as e-copy, scanning, sending to PDF, ftp and usb.
Provided customer training on printing functions such as downloads, drivers, and IP addresses.
Determined cause of failure by blueprints and schematics. Technical Coordinator Itasca, IL
Valcom
Supervised and coordinated the work of field engineers and senior field engineers deploying Cisco ip phones, WAP’s (wireless access points) and cisco router and switches, de-installing rack and re-installing rack equipment from beginning to end throughout US Grainger locations.
Maintained accurate inventory of all hardware, printer, cable, pc, and other related equipment.
Worked with server, printer and network teams.Troubleshoot connectivity issues and opened and closed tickets with various IT departments.
Contact this candidate