David Mitchell
**** ********* *****
Nahunta, GA 31553
Cell 470-***-****
ad8z0v@r.postjobfree.com

KBR Inc
*/****-*/****
IT Network Specialist
Troubleshoot and resolve hardware and systems administration problems across all platforms including network switch gear, routers, E-Mail, file transfer, multimedia, teleconferencing, server build and administration, network printers and scanners, user add/change/delete requests, setting user permissions and the like.
Configure systems to user environments.
Support acquisition of hardware and software as well as subcontractor services as needed.
Perform all other duties as assigned.

Chenega Corporation
9/2022-11/2022
Network Engineer
Install, configure, operate, and maintain SWFLANT’s classified and unclassified enterprise e-mail systems.
Maintain exchange recipient containers for e-mail addresses of SWFLANT and other government and contractor personnel.
Liaise with government and contractor organizations to ensure SWFLANT addressing information is current and accurate.
Participate in Configuration Control Board meetings and coordinate inter and intra command IT matters and efforts with applicable SWFLANT personnel.
Install, configure, operate, and maintain client/server database software required to support the business requirements of SWFLANT personnel.
Provide on call support for critical services outside of normal working hours. Functions include:
Maintaining user accounts and email mailboxes.
Maintaining network client configuration baseline/standard and initiating the application of government verified and approved security/problem related service packs and patches.
Configuring, installing, replacing, upgrading, and moving network clients and preparing and installing minor cabling.
Testing and installing approved server and client add-on software and hardware.
Handling, keying, accountability, and operational support to KMI/COMSEC equipment.
Maintaining web based standard desktop software library, including development. of installation instruction and maintaining pushed configurations.
Maintaining disaster recovery, fault tolerance, and continuity of operations.
Recommend, install, and maintain configuration control of network servers.
Provide system backup and recovery services in accordance with documented backup guidelines, including development of the system backup and recovery plan. Backup and recovery services include the support of SSP Enterprise contingency planning.
Maintain media library and inventory.
Perform offsite media rotation according to government provided schedule.
Manage network servers and the following core service applications: Active Directory, Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP), Domain Name System (DNS), File and Print, Backup and Recovery, Application Servers (VMware, Exchange, IIS, SQL, SharePoint), and maintain maintenance/change logs for all servers.
Manage the maintenance and repair of all IT equipment.
Maintain a neat, secure, and orderly facility.
Contribute and update, web-available information resources in support of the SPK desktop user community, including archives of frequently asked questions (FAQs), "How To's", "Tips and Tricks", "SPK Resources", and a local training web site.
Support SPK web-based applications and programs.
Other duties as assigned.

NCI Information Systems
2/2022-4/2022
Network Engineer
Lifecycle refresh of DHA network infrastructure equipment
Replaced end of lifecycle equipment and wiring in communications closets
Replaced end of lifecycle equipment and wiring in communications closets
Photographed finished product for integrity of installation
Conducted inventory on outdated equipment

ECS Federal LLC
5/2017-7/2021
Network Engineer
Configure Cisco, Brocade products such as switches, routers and firewalls.
Understand and configure IP addressing.
Understand and configure VLANs, Trunking, Access links and Port Aggregation.
Understand and configure ACLs, both standard and extended.
Understand and configure basic routing.
Some experience with exterior routing protocols such as BGP, OSPF, etc.
Conduct complex network problem analysis, resolve complex network and telecommunications problems.
Research, recommend, and evaluate network performance, optimization, and security solutions.
Troubleshoot network core and edge switches
Assist system engineers and cross organizational teams to formulate solutions in response to mission requirements.
Assist senior network engineers with the design and verification of network solutions to support requirements for routing protocols, policy-based routing, traffic shaping, border gateway protocols, tunneling IP Security, network address translations, network security, firewall contexts, load-balancing, latency, data throughput, WAN acceleration, and monitoring.
Assisted with MEDCOI migration of various medical treatment facilities, consisting of port testing, VLAN configuration, requests for firewall rule changes, migration of devices to MEDCOI.
Assisted with Windows 10 migration at various locations, to include imaging workstations and some light network support.
Troubleshooting, resolution, of user problems related to migration
Assisted with printer migration to MEDCOI IP space at various locations
Performed end to end testing with various teams at several locations in advance or migration to ensure readiness for MEDCOI migration of printers, workstations and medical devices, including verification of switch, router and firewall configurations.
Worked to remediate any issues preventing successful migration, to include modification of network configurations, troubleshooting firewall rules.
Some exposure to SCCM, GPO administration.
Print server administration
DHCP administration
Analysis of Palo Alto firewall configurations in order to find rules causing disruptions in network traffic.

RLM Communications Inc.
8/2014-4/2017
Network Administrator at the DFSC (Defense Forensic Science Center of Excellence)
Acquisition, installation, maintenance and usage of the organization’s LAN
Management and maintenance of Cisco and Brocade switches
Management of network security and performance
TACACS system support
Installation of network software
Enforcement of security procedures
Establishment/implementation of network policies, procedures and standards
Training of users on network operation
Responsible for configuration of all network appliances in accordance with STIGs
Successfully configured all network appliances for ATO
Supported network infrastructure consisting of over 300 users

Information Innovators Inc.
3/2014-8/2014
Network Technician at DCMA (Defense Contract Management Agency) Smyrna, GA

Analysis of events in a near-real time basis by monitoring network (server, router, switch, and circuit) assets
Determination of appropriate courses of action based on pre-defined response protocols and procedures
Performance of pro-active monitoring of network elements alarms and alerts to identify those components/elements that may lead to or already are causing network degradation or failure.
Performance of fault isolation and diagnostic/assessment functions to include determination and execution of corrective action(s) on real-time basis.
CA Spectrum
CA Ehealth
SolarWinds

APEX Systems 2/2014-3/2014
PC Deployment Technician

Performed technical refreshes on workstations for the Navy and Marine Corps Intranet.

335th TSC, East Point, GA US Army Reserves
07/2005-3/2014 Information Systems Operator Analyst
Honorably Discharged

Systems and Solutions Inc., Evans, GA
02/07-10/2013 Network Engineer

Worked on a team to transition from an HP wireless infrastructure to Xirrus Access Points (to include installation configuration and troubleshooting)
Worked on a team to transition from HP Networking gear to all new Brocade switches and routers (to include installation, configuration and troubleshooting)
Network Engineer: Configuration, Monitoring and Maintenance on HP, Cisco and Brocade Switches and Routers
Tier 1- tier 3 support of a 9 location school system
Active Directory Administration (2003, 2008 mixed environment): Management of User creation, Group and User permission Management, Group Policy implementation, Organization and Management of Active Directory objects, Security Monitoring, Server Upgrades, DNS and DHCP Management,
Master image creation and deployment for workstations
Windows 2003,2008 Server Builds
Application support server based.
Windows Xp Professional administration
Windows 7 administration
Some Linux administration

Education
Comptia CASP (Comptia Advanced Security Practitioner)
Cisco CCNA February 2013 current
Cisco CCENT November 2012 current
Comptia Security+ CE current
Brocade Certified IP Network Engineer July 2011
Microsoft Certified Professional, March 2009
Comptia NET+ CE current
United States Army Ft Gordon, Ga, Information Systems Operator –Analyst, Honor Graduate, June 2006
Comptia A+ Certification Program, March, 2005
A+ Certified current
Clayton College and State University, Morrow, GA
Certificate, Network Administrator, April 2004
GED

Skills

Firewall Administration (Fort iGATE)
AAA Authentication/administration
Brocade Network Advisor
CA Spectrum/Health
Solar Winds
Certified Network Administrator
Microsoft Certified Professional
Linux
UNIX
Solaris
Cisco Router and Switch Management
HP Switch and Router Management
Windows 10
Microsoft 2003 Server Microsoft Office Suite 2003-2007
Windows Vista
Windows 7
Windows 2000/XP/XP Professional
Wireless networking with 802.11a, 80211g standards
Excellent communication skills
Team Oriented
Will Travel

References furnished upon request

I have been supporting information systems professionally since 2007.
My current strengths lie within the networking realm with an emphasis on security.
Exposure to a wide variety of information technologies over the course of my career.
Contact this candidate