Aboozar Ketabi
RF Optimization Engineer
Vancouver, Canada ad9aqq@r.postjobfree.com +1-604-***-****

Summary
Highly experienced RF Optimization engineer with over 17 years of comprehensive expertise in 2G to 5G network RF optimization projects for industry-leading companies like Rogers and Ericsson.

Achievement
Keep both team members and customer satisfied along achieve targets.
Achieving the best KPI ranking several times between all LTE Network/RNCs/BSCs in whole of network.
I’ve got many appreciation letters for my efficiency from Operator (MTN&MCI) managers for the high performance.
Keeping quantity & quality of optimization cases in best situation in a very big region with lowest site visit, energy and cost.

Important Skills
Having 2G, 3G, LTE and NR equipment background
Network optimization for sites under roll out scope
Recognizing and solving all SW/ HW problems such as sector swap and wrong cabling configuration and opt issues.
Daily KPI monitoring and worst cell analysis for maintaining and improving
Coverage gap/poor area analysis and solved at the lowest time.
Network Optimization for improving weak coverage, high interference, lack of dominant server areas.
Handle customer complaints issues due to weak coverage, HO fail and dropped call and etc.
Experience
Rogers Communications, Canada
RF Planning and Optimization Engineer Mar 2022 – Apr 2024
Conducted link budget calculations and resolved network issues to maintain optimal performance. Implemented baseline and neighbor parameter calibration, achieving, and maintaining optimal RF system performance.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams on network optimization projects, contributing to a 30% increase in network efficiency.
Experienced in capacity analysis, traffic forecasting, coverage extension, propagation model tuning, nominal cell planning, and coverage analysis.
Expertised in macro, IBS (DAS), and small cell RF optimization and designs.
Researched and gained expertise thorough understanding of 5G standalone (5G SA) networks, analyzing technologies such as MIMO, small cells, beamforming, and edge computing for their roles in improving limitless connectivity, network efficiency and reducing latency.
Radio planning for half of Alberta and a significant portion of British Columbia, managed 400 ongoing planned sites. Achieved full coverage in the area with plans for 100 new sites over two years, resulting in no coverage or capacity difficulties.
Exported Traces/Call flows using logs to find the root cause of call drops.
Created new ideas and regular reporting and tools to track changes, and evaluate what needs to be done, based on coverage and capacity analysis. Also, prioritize major issues and new sites based on defined algorithms for assigning them to Planners in different areas that made work easier and saved time and cost.
Designed RF networks, resulting in a 20% improvement in coverage and a 15% increase in network performance.
Tested RF systems, ensuring compliance with specifications and standards, resulting in a 98% accuracy rate in meeting performance targets.
Created a KMZ-formatted database to streamline workflow for the RF team by gathering essential data.

NAK World-class telecom managed services company
Senior RF Optimization Engineer Jan 2017 - Dec 2021
Communicate clear instructions to team members
Listen to team members' feedback
Create reports to update the company on the team's progress
Have experience managing a large team of RF Optimizers in a national network during a large project.
Having 2G, 3G, LTE, NR equipment background of Huawei, Nokia and Ericsson.
Working on high pressure environment
Technical communication and clarification with high level customers
Strongly capable in the preparation of detailed technical proposals for customer
Ability to communicate effectively with people at all levels

Ericsson
Radio Network Optimization Engineer Jan 2014 - Dec 2017
Implemented automatic frequency and cell planning, resolving overshoots to neighboring sites and optimizing network performance using tilt, azimuth, height, and frequency changes.
Installed and configured RF equipment, achieving a 95% success rate in equipment setup and integration.
Troubleshot and resolved RF issues, reducing downtime by 25% and improving overall network reliability.
Improved network performance through optimization, initial tuning, and data processing
Proficient in tools like Microsoft Office, Actix, MapInfo, Atoll, TEMS, Planet, Google Earth, Ookla, spectrum analyzers, site master, and parameter consistency check and audit using tools.

Nokia
Field Optimization Team Leader Dec 2012 - Dec 2013
Provided technical support for field optimization activities, ensuring fault clearance and managing physical changes requests to maintain network reliability.
Documented RF design, installation, and testing procedures, facilitating knowledge sharing and improving team productivity by 20%.
Provided technical support and training to junior engineers and technicians, leading to a 15% improvement in their performance metrics.
Experienced with drive test data post-processing and interference evaluation.

MTN
Operation & Maintenance Project Manager Oct 2010 - Nov 2012
Managed a 24/7 live project for O&M in four provinces with 60 personnel and 1100 cell sites. Achieved 100% SLA compliance, resolving all outages within agreed timeframes.
Operation & Maintenance Project Coordinator Sep 2009 - Sep 2010
Coordinated technical aspects of the O&M project in four provinces, which includes 60 staff and 1100 cell sites, Interface between PM, staff, and MTN.
Checked and followed up on procedures, reports, invoices, service level agreements, contracts, and MOM.

Delta Turkish Cont. Co. (TNC Group)
Radio Access Network Engineer Sep 2008 - Aug 2009
Installed, commissioned, and troubleshot BSS equipment in operation and maintenance projects.
Worked hands-on with RF/MW antennas, fiber optics, coax, basebands, and radios.
Telecommunications Technician Sep 2007 - Aug 2008
Installed BTS, cabling, tower equipment, and aligned MW antennas for telecom infrastructure projects.

Education
Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering (BSEE), Azad University - 2011
Higher Diploma (Associate) in Electronics, Technical and Vocational University of Rasht - 2002

Licenses & Certifications
Data Analytics – LinkedIn
PMBOK-Project Management Body of knowledge 2008 - SNS
LTE RF Optimization - Huawei
5G RF Optimization - Nokia
3G RF Optimization - MCI/NAK
Customer Service Excellence - MCI/NAK
WCDMA Radio Resource Management, Features and Parameters - Techcom (Deutsch Co)
WCDMA Counters and Key Performance Indicators - MCI/NAK

Hard Skills
RF Planning and Design
RF Optimization
RF Measurement and Testing
RF Troubleshooting
RF Equipment Installation and Configuration
Spectrum Management
And Network Planning and Optimization, Signal Processing, SQL, Tableau, Power BI, Interference Analysis, Network Performance, RF System Integration, RF Power Amplifiers, RF Filter Design, Link Budget Analysis, Multipath Propagation Analysis, Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC), Transmission Line Theory, Network Simulation, RF Regulatory Compliance, RF System Architecture, Network Protocol Analysis, Noise Figure Analysis, RF Simulation Software, RF Test Equipment Operation, RF Duplexing Techniques, RF Network Analysis and ...

Soft Skills
Communication
Problem-solving, Critical thinking, Attention to detail, Teamwork, Adaptability, And Time management, Creativity, Analytical skills, Leadership, Interpersonal skills, Flexibility, Conflict resolution, Decision-making, Presentation skills, Organizational skills, Initiative, Collaboration and ...
Contact this candidate