




















































VALLABH KALAGI

Sachin Jadhav
E-mail: sachinjadhav58@gmail.com
Phone: 9561199772
Career Objective:


To take on the challenges as a Lead Engineer in the field of Information Technology. Willing to work as a key player in challenging & creative environment growing with the organization and working with the cutting edge technologies.

Professional Summary:

· Total 5+ Years of experience in IT industry and worked on Application/Production Implementation, Support & Maintenance projects.

· Incident/Problem Management, Release management, Change management and Configuration management which includes L2 Support.

· Currently working in level2 support and co-ordinate with L3 support for bug fixing post production release activities.

· Co-ordinate with business to collect requirements/enhancements needed in application and work with L3 teams to get them on boarded within required timelines. 

· Implementation of code on production and UAT environment.
· Perform impact analysis if any and provide the proper recovery plan and highlight the risks to business team.

· Good knowledge of banking/payment domain and ITIL concept.
· Hands on experience on Linux operating system, Oracle database, and shell scripting.
· Excellent experience in client management and crisis handling.
· Good team player with decent communication and interpersonal skills.

Work Experience Summary:
· Working as Senior System Engineer with Mastercard Technology Pune from July 2016 to till date.

· Worked as System Analyst with Nihilent Technologies, Pune from June 2013 to June 2016. 

· Worked as Data Analyst with eClerx services, Pune from June 2011 to May 2012.

Education Summary:
· Master in Computer Science (M.Sc.) from Pune University in 2010 with 64%
· Bachelor in Computer Science (B.Sc.) from Pune University in 2008 with 63%

Technical Skills:
Operating Systems

: Linux, Solaris, Windows
Programming Languages
: Java, Shell, HTML, XML

Database


: Oracle, SQL
Domain Knowledge
: Payments and Banking
Other Tools
: Splunk, Toad, Jira, Rally, GSM, SQL Developer, Sales force   
Onsite Exposure:

During November 2013 travelled to Cape Town, South Africa for the Visa - MTN SI partnership. Objective is to understand the business engagement between Visa & MTN and provide support the MTN mobile money business independently from the Nihilent’s offshore development center.
During January 2016 to March 2016 travelled to Kingdom of Lesotho, For the Visa mobile money platform upgrade to new version of product. Worked as Deployment/implementation engineer for upgrading the client UAT, Production and DR environment and co-ordinator between offshore team and client.

Professional Projects Summary:
Organization: Mastercard Technology
Project Name
: Mastercom/EMS
    Description 
: Mastercom is an application which basically handles the dispute between the issuer (Customer) and acquirer (Banks) Based on the documentation from both parties. This is called as Dispute resolution Management.


EMS is an Expert Monitoring System which keeps the track of every transaction done through the card and keeps the score for the same in Database. With the help of this Data transactions are monitored for declines or fraud that can take place and the same is avoided.

    Client Name
: Banks throughout the world. 

    Duration of project: July 2016 to till date
    Environment
: Applications are deployed on Linux servers and JBoss is used as web service. Oracle database is used for capturing the data.

    Role
: Working in Change/Release management with L2 support to cover all Problem/Incident tickets. Monitoring the platform through Splunk, Dynatrace and investigating the same and get it resolved with the help of L3 Support. Coordinate with vendor for development activities. Represent change into Change Advisory Board and get the approvals of necessary stakeholders. Implementation of code on production and UAT environment
Organization: Nihilent Technologies
 Project Name
: Visa Mobile Money Services 
 Description 
: The project was to introduce the money transactions through Mobile without the internet connectivity in South Africa continent which allows customer from remote area where banks are not easily available to do the financial transaction which includes money transfer/withdraw from retailer/merchants, mobile recharge and electricity/water bill payment.
Client Name

: Banks and Mobile network provider from South Africa continent.

Duration of project
: 3 Years

Environment

: PL/SQL, Solaris, Web sphere, Glassfish

Role
: Change/Release manager with L2 support to cover all Problem/Incident tickets. Investigating the same and get them resolved with the help of L3 Support. Coordinate with vendor for development activities. Deployment/Implementation Engineer to implement project on UAT and production environment.
Organization: eClerx Services Pvt Ltd
Project Name
: US SMB Campaign and Analytics Support
 Description 
: This project was to highlighting the key factors of the business through designing frequent reports to help clients understand current business trend against various segments, regions, countries, product & product categories, companies & business channels, etc.
Client Name

: Dell Inc

Duration of project
: 11 Months
Environment

: Sales force, Oracle, Windows
Role
: Worked as Data Analyst to extract data from Sales Force CRM tool. Involved in Sales and Marketing for Lead Life, Lead analysis, Marketing Strategies. Knowledge of Salesforce.Com in fundamental of Sales and Marketing in Lead Management, Account Management, Campaign Management and Forecast strategies. Creation of reports and dashboards according to requirement by business people in Sales & Marketing department to understand the business numbers for the US region.
Personal Profile:  

Date of Birth


: 08 August 1987
Marital Status

: Married
Nationality


: Indian

Passport Number

: J4275662
Languages known

: English, Marathi, Hindi.

Permanent Address
: House No.496, Patil Wasti, Near Water Tank,


  A/P-Nere, Taluka-Mulashi, District-Pune,



  Pincode-411033
Declaration:



I hereby declare that the above stated information is true to the best of my knowledge.









                                 (Sachin Jadhav)
