














































            




 
     KARTHIK.K

            Mobile: +918122592313

      E-mail:alagarkarthik@outlook.com

	


Objective:

Looking for a prospect where technical competence is valued and where I can make meaningful contribution to the growth of the company and can be a part of the technical innovation. Seeking a challenging area of work to apply existing skills and to continue the learning process. 
Technical Skills: 

Programming Languages   : C#, Asp.Net, Vb.net  

Framework

    : MVC4, Entity Framework

Web Technologies   
    : Html, Css, Xml, Bootstrap, Ajax, Web- service

Script Language
 
    : JQuery, Json

Database
        
    : Microsoft Sql Server,Oracle
Report


    : Crystal, SSRS reports

Operating Systems              : Windows-7, Windows-8.1

Professional Summary:
C# .Net Developer with over 4+ years of experience in development, maintenance, design, and SQL Server driven applications. I have my key skills in Web Development & Application Development. I am a dependable, detail-driven with established ability to improve productivity and efficiency through technology applications development.

Project Details:



Company       : HCL Technologies Private Limited






Client              : Merck & Co, United States of America.

Domain - HealthCare


Role
          : Application Developer & Support Analyst.
Technologies :MVC Asp.net with using C#, Oracle -11g


Description     :
The project is to give continuous production support and enhancement to the client and adding new functionalities to the Business applications which will make process improvement and value additions. The work involves providing round the clock support for Production problems in addition to implementing minor/major enhancements, deploying releases, monitoring and performance tuning. Also, it involves the interaction with various Vendors and different application teams for the data integration and also Coordinating with development team.
Responsibilities:

· Responsible for managing the suite of applications that support the U.S. Routine maintenance, isolation of problem areas, bug tracking/fixing, troubleshooting database and server problems and further development on existing web applications.
· Coded, tuned and optimized SQL queries, views and stored procedures.

Project Details:

 Company        : UFours IT Solution Private Limited

                Client              : Warehouse SaaS, United Kingdom     

Domain – Warehouse 


  Role
            : Software Developer.


  

  Technologies: MVC Asp.net with using C#, MS-Sqlserver.
  Description    :



Warehouse Management System is a software application maintains the records related to purchase sales, return stock updating flows and the reorder level. They main objective of the application is to existing system of manually maintained the records supplier and customer monetary position and other related transaction made at the warehouse.

Responsibilities:
· Form designing, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable code.
· Integrate data storage solutions.
· Testing the applications and websites on different web browsers to ensure a standard user experience for the clients across all platforms.

Project Details:

    Company      : Megsoft Business Solution Private Limited


    Client             : GTBrokers, United States, Miami            Domain – Supply chain System


    Role
             : Software Engineer.


    Duration        : 1 year 6 months.

    Technologies: Asp.net 4.0 with using C#, MS-Sqlserver


    Description   :

This is web based application are customs brokers of a project. Our procedures were created mindful of the expediency, accuracy and compliance nature of logistics business. Our system is web based, allowing our clients to track their shipments from anywhere at any time. MAWB is Master airway bill issued by main carrier of goods on receipt of goods from a freight forwarder to deliver at destination as per agreed terms. 

HAWB is House airway bill issued by a freight forwarder on receipt of goods from shipper agreeing to deliver goods at destination.

Responsibilities:

· Screen design and developing the application and maintenances the code.
· Create stored procedures, views and reports.
· Making changes to existing web applications according to the feedback received from the clients. In some cases, changes are also made in order to update the application’s compatibility with the latest operating systems.

Project Details:

Company       : Radical Info Systems
Client              : Busy Bee, Philippines,


Domain
: SMS Application
     
Role
          : Junior Software Engineer

Technologies: Asp .Net 3.5 with C#,MS-Sqlserver 
Description   :
This is a web application for applying or renews the license of eeZee sMs software. Clients who are using eeZee sMs will be use this site to purchase license key. In this web application we used the Easy Pay payment gateway for the online payment. Easy Pay is a payment gateway which used on Philippines. 
Client              : Tvs Chakra Madurai,


Domain
: Inventory System
     

Role
          : Junior Software Engineer

Technologies: Vb .Net 3.5 with  Visual Studio 2008

Description    :

This is a windows based application for maintaining the products purchasing, selling information and stock details. In the project we have include purchase order, purchase return, sales order sales return, stock report etc.

Responsibilities:

· Working with an agile team to develop, test, and maintain web and desktop-based business applications built on Microsoft technologies.
·  Assisting in the collection and documentation of user's requirements, development of user stories, and estimates.
Education:
 

Information Technology, Bachelor of Science (B.Sc ,IT) 

Mannar Thirumalai Naicker College,  Madurai.

Affiliated with Madurai Kamaraj University.

 Personal details:



Language Known        : Tamil, English & Telugu   





Marital Status
          : Married









     
Pan Number
          : CKIPK0886Q



Permanent Address   :  Alanganallur,





             Madurai, 
             Tamilnadu.          
   
           


    
     
      Yours Truly   

      (KARTHIK.K)
       
