

















































Satish Raghavan

	Satish Kumar                
	+91- 8335887412

	
	satish345@gmail.com


       			

CAREER OVERVIEW

· 12+ years of diverse experience in the field of Information Technology with emphasis on Business Intelligence, Data Analysis with Pre-Processing, Data ware Housing & Inclined towards Data Science with R, Python and Spark ML.
· Good Knowledge in Machine Learning – Supervised & Unsupervised, Predictive Analytics - Regression, Classification, Clustering & Time Series Forecasting.
· Skilled in Spark ML Lib, R & Python for Machine Learning and Model building.
· Skilled in preprocessing the data and bringing it in the best suitable form required for the ML algorithm. 
· Hands on experience using various ETL tools such as Datastage & Informatica for DWH assignments. 
· Extensive experience in requirement gathering and designing Analytical applications.

EDUCATION

Master in Computer Applications
New Horizon College of Engineering 
70% | 2006

CERTIFICATION
						
	IBM Websphere Datastage 8.5 Certificate
Post Graduate Program in Big Data Analytics and Optimization from INSOFE, Bangalore (ETC: Sep 2018)



ACHIEVEMENTS

· Received Best Collaboration award in March 2015 -- Wipro Technologies.
· Received Excellence Award in Apr 2016 – Wipro Technologies.   
· Received Excellence Award in Jan 2014 – Wipro Technologies.
· Received 5 years Longs Service Award in August 2011 – Polaris Financial Technologies Ltd
						
Data Science Projects 

	#1 Project
	Disease Identification/Diagnosis 
Enabling the client, a chain of hospitals, to provide proactive healthcare by predicting the probability of a stroke.


	
	Approach: On Pre-processing the Data through PCA and K Mean clustering applied stacking of models to achieve better prediction accuracy 
Models Built: Data preprocessing, including handling class imbalance; various Visualizations techniques for data exploration, application of various ML algorithms for
maximizing evaluation metric of AUC-ROC score .Decision Tree, Logistic Regression, Naïve Bayes, KNN Classifier, SVM (Linear), Random Forest 


	Technology
	Data Loading: Spark
Software Language: R & Python
Data Visualization  : ggplot & plotly



	#2 Project
	Prediction of Company Bankruptcy
The attributes are various financial ratios and the target is whether the 
company will bankrupt or not in the subsequent years.

	
	Approach: On Pre-processing the Data through PCA and K Mean clustering applied stacking of models to achieve better prediction accuracy 
Models Built: Decision Tree, Logistic Regression, Naïve Bayes, KNN Classifier, SVM (Linear), Random Forest 

	Technology
	Data Loading: Spark
Software Language: R & Python
Data Visualization  : ggplot & plotly





	#3 Project
	Prediction of credit card payment defaulters
The data depicts the cases of customers’ default payments in Taiwan. Given the general information, past payment history and bill history of customers, the task is to predict customers that might default the credit payment in the subsequent month.

	
	Approach: Data exploration and pre-processing prior to model building
Models Built: Logistic Regression and Naïve Bayes


	Technology
	Data Loading: Spark
Software Language: Python
Data Visualization  : R




TECHNICAL SKILL

	Big Data Tool
	HDFS, Sqoop, Hive & Spark

	Databases
	Oracle & Teradata

	ETL Tools
	Datastage & Informatica

	Software Language
	Python, R & Spark

	Data Visualiazation Tool
	R & Python




ONSITE EXPERIENCE

	Company
	Date
	Client Location

	Polaris Financial Labs Ltd.
	Oct 2007 – Feb 2008
	NYC, US

	Polaris Financial Labs Ltd.
	May 2008 – Feb 2009
	NYC, US

	Polaris Financial Labs Ltd.
	Oct 2009 – Mar 2010
	Sydney, AUS





CAREER HISTORY

	Company
	Date
	Position

	UST Global
	August 2016 - Till Date
	Senior Analyst

	Wipro Technologies
	March 2012 – August 2016
	Solutions Consultant

	Polaris Financial Labs Ltd.
	July 2006 – February 2012
	Associate Consultant





Employer – UST Global, India       							 			                            Aug’ 2016 – Till Date

	Role
	Technical Lead

	· POC on Recommender Engine using User-Based Collaborative Filtering for Product Suggestion
· Creation of Data Lake using Hadoop consisting of 200+ Table from heterogeneous Data sources
· Working on POC for Conversion of Datastage ETL jobs using Sqoop, Python & Spark
· Delivered 30+ Enhancements on Datastage over 2 years  




Employer – Wipro Technologies, India       							 			                   Mar ’2012 – Aug’2016
                                
	Role
	Tech Lead/ Developer/Implementation Manager

	· Hands on experience in BFSI, MFG-Hitech & Retail domains on Data warehouses.
· Expert in Test Data Management, Data warehouse, and Backend testing using SQL queries
· Proven experience in managing/leading/coordinating multiple Software Development Resources/Teams, Test activities, and multiple Programs/Projects at multiple geographic Locations
· Hands on experience using Waterfall Development methodologies
· Proven experience in implementation of QA best practices, Testing Strategies and Methodologies in Software Development Life Cycle and Software Test Life Cycle stages.
· Mentoring the team mates and helping them in the Project work is also a part of the responsibility.



Employer – Polaris Financial Labs Ltd, India       							 			       Jul’2006 – Mar’2012

	Role
	Developer

	· Understanding the requirements from the business.
· designing the Specification Document 
· Designing the ETL Jobs as per the requirement
· working on the adhoc changes received 
· Preparing Summary Reports and Lesson Learnt documents from the previous project’s development and testing experience.





