














































Ishmita Kaur 
e-mail: ishmita.a.kaur@gmail.com  |  Mob no: +91 9004850400 

 
EXPERIENCE 

Planfirma Pvt. Ltd                    Mumbai, India 
Business Analyst                                                                                                      June’18-Present 
 Business Requirement Document: 
o Attend client calls and closely understand the requirements and draft them in the form of Business 

Requirement Document (BRD). 
o Prepare important documents such as Mapping Documents and High Level Document from this BRD. 
o Provide documents to the concerned teams and connect with them over calls to help them understand 

each requirement in detail. 
 Time estimates: 
o Categorize each requirement on the basis of priority and urgency and set timelines for each accordingly. 
o Communicate the same to the Development and Testing teams, so that every activity is performed in 

sync. 
 Monitor teams' progress: 
o Tap the progress of each mini project with respect to the testing and development teams while working 

on different modules simultaneously.  
o Track the need, if be, to extent the timelines for certain cases, due to unavoidable reasons. 
o Update the clients to explain the need of extended timelines to them and get the it altered. 
 
Accenture Solutions Pvt. Ltd                           Mumbai, India 
Software Engineer                                                         July’15 – May'18 
 Software System Management: 
o Optimized the ongoing legacy systems for the clients, identifying flaws and fixes in the current systems 

and interacted with the clients to remotely keep their system stable.  
o Attended daily connects to brief the other teams at Client locations with the daily progress and discovery 

of new issues. 
 System Test: 
o In-charge of the end-to-end System test of the code deployed for the client. The role involved 

understanding the requirements drafted by the Business Analysts and closely working with them to 
identify whether the functionality of the designed system is delivered as per the requirements.  

o This involved first time tests, Smoke tests and Regression tests. 
o Conceptualized and converted a manual form of testing into an automated form using open source 

software. 
 Preparing timelines: 
o Took ownership for several modules and Change requests. Created daily and weekly targets to achieve 

by the individuals and team as a whole. 
o Discussed and finalized the man hours, efforts and deadlines with the Business Analysts for each 

module. 
 Knowledge Transfer sessions & Documentations 
o Conducted knowledge transfer sessions for the new joiners and helped them with the project flow and 

nature of tasks within the team. 
o Compiled and prepared documents related to the deep understanding of the project, which people 

could refer to, to get a better understanding of the modules. 
o Prepared all System Test related documents such as System report, Test Cases, Test samples and Exit 

report. 
EDUCATION 

Thakur College of Engineering & Technology, Mumbai University           Mumbai, India 
Bachelor of Engineering, Computer Engineering                    Aug’11 – June’15 
 Passed with Distinction, amongst Top 5% of the batch 
 Made a Payroll Management System for Final Year Project for Cyquator Technologies and got recognized 

for it. 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 

 Star of the month Award in Apr 2017 - Rising Star award for show casing ownership & completing 
challenging tasks under given time frame.    

 Client Appreciation: Received more than 5 Client Appreciation for ownership, dedication towards work 
and performance. 

 Member at a Non Governmental Organization named Indic Society for Education and Development 
(INSEED) 

 Won 1st Prize in Chess Competition held at the domain level and 2nd Prize for Carom at doubles Mumbai 
level.    

 Worked as a Publicity Head in TCET’s ZEPHYR’13 in ISTE. (2013) and Volunteer in TCET’s ZEPHYR’12 in 
CSI. (2012). 

 


