









































                                                                                   DHANARAJ  S  
Thyagarajanagara, Bangalore 

Mob: +918553335926 
E-m@il: Dhanaraj4960@gmail.com 

 

 

CAREER OBJECTIVE 

 
To position me in a leading role with continuous learning, development and growth 

possibilities while working towards the objectives of the Organization. 

CAREER HISTORY   

 Worked as an executive for F&A for Pierian Services Private Limited from 10th 
November 2017 to 04th April 2018.  
 

 Worked as an Assistant Accountant/Assistant Auditor for Ramesh& co & Auditor 
from 06th February 2015 to 03rd February 2017. 

 
Nature of Job: - Pierian Services Private Limited. 
 

 Sbi withdrawal for complete build unit billing and funding updating. 

 Customs duty payment accounting and voucher preparation. 

 Fund transfer letterhead & JV preparation and confirmation. 

 FR clearance every one hour daily. 

 IOM updating of government billing. 

 Global netting system payments. 

 Bank sending courier document and collection. 

 Export-related acknowledgement updating from Citi bank.  
 Citi bank forex rates updating process activity given by deputy manager. 

 Branch accounting cash marketing and bank payment. 

 
Nature of Job: - Ramesh & Co. 
 

 Maintain day to day books of accounts in Tally. 
 Maintain a bank reconciliation statement and reconciliation of debtors & creditors. 
 Maintain internal audit store and accounts book. 
 Maintain journal Entry sale, purchase and exp. Invoices. 
 Calculation of monthly sale tax/ vat, filling returns. 
 Tally ERP9 with Inventory E- pass. 
         

 
 

Educational Qualifications.  

 

Academic: 
  

 Graduated B.COM from Bangalore University, Bangalore. 
 PUC from State Board of Karnataka, Bangalore. 
 SSLC from national High School, Bangalore. 

 
 
 



 
 
Technical: 
  

 MS Office (Ms-word, Ms-Excel and Ms-Power Point) 

 Tally ERP9 & Tally7.2 
 Oracle.  

 
 

ATTRIBUTES 

 

 Good Communication skills. 
 Able to deal with a high-stress situation. 
 Zeal to work in the professional atmosphere. 
 Strong Motivational Skills. 
 Can Work Under any Environment. 

  
 

HOBBIES 

 
 Travelling on Bikes. 
 Listening to music. 

 
 

PERSONAL INFORMATION 

 
Name: S. Dhanaraj 
Date of Birth: 27th July 1993. 
Marital Status: Single. 
Languages known : Telugu, Hindi, English, Tamil and Kannada.  
 
 

 
 
Date :     
Place :                                      (Dhanaraj R)  


	 Maintain day to day books of accounts in Tally.
	 Maintain a bank reconciliation statement and reconciliation of debtors & creditors.
	 Maintain internal audit store and accounts book.
	 Maintain journal Entry sale, purchase and exp. Invoices.
	 Calculation of monthly sale tax/ vat, filling returns.
	 Tally ERP9 with Inventory E- pass.

