









































Microsoft Word - Resume- CA Vivek Dilip Fursule.


CA VIVEK DILIP FURSULE 
 
Mobile: 09370907271 
E-Mail: cavivekfursule@gmail.com 
 
 
Assignments in Financial Reporting, Financial Accounting and Financial Analysis of 
Partnership, Proprietorship, and Pvt. Ltd. Companies. 
 
 
PROFILE SUMMARY:- 
 
● Chartered Accountant (CA) having more than 6 years of experience in handling credit 

appraisal and financial statement analysis of LAP, Mortgages and Unsecured Business 
Loans of Partnership, Proprietorship, and Pvt. Ltd. Companies. 

● Adhering to all terms and conditions to be followed as per banking policy and ensured 
that clients adhered to filling of KYC and constitutional documents 

● Performing credit appraisals of financial statements and offer projections as per 
business trends 

● Proven strengths in problem solving, coordination and business analysis 
 

 
 
 
A] Currently working in Avanse Financial Services Ltd. (A Warburg Pincus Group) as State 
Head Credit for ROMG at Pune location since December 2018 to present... 
 
Work Experience:- 
 
 

1)  Working as State Head Credit and handling LAP Mortgages up to INR 300 Lac and        
Unsecured Business Loan cases up to INR 45 Lac. 
2) Verifying CIBIL Report, borrower track record with existing banker, cash flow and key 
ratio analysis 
3) Justifying limits, borrower background, terms and conditions offered, field 
investigation, 360 degree feedback and other norms to be followed as per banking 
policy. 
4) Ensuring that KYC and constitutional documents are adhered to  
5) Analyzing Financial Ratios like Current Ratio, DSCR, Leverage, and Profitability Ratio.                  
6) Handling proposals of Private Limited Companies, Partnership Firms and other body             
corporate.  
7) Handling location Pune. 

 

 

 



 B] Previously working in Manappuram Finance Limited as Area Credit Manager since June 
2018 to December 2018. 

 
Work Experience:- 
 
1) Working as Area Credit Manager and handling LAP Mortgages and Unsecured Business 

Loan cases. 
2) Ensuring that KYC and constitutional documents are adhered to. 
3) Financial Ratios like Current Ratio, DSCR, Leverage, and Profitability Ratio. 
4) Handling proposals of Private Limited Companies, Partnership Firms and other body             

corporate 
5) Handling locations like Pune, Solapur, Satara, Nanded, and Kolhapur.  
 
 
C] Previously working in Axis Bank as Credit Manager since December 
    2016 to May 2018 in Pune. 
 
Work Experience:- 
 

1) Analyzing credit appraisal of Unsecured Business Loans cases on the basis of financial 
statements of the last 2 years upto Rs 50 Lacs. 

2) Verifying CIBIL Report,  borrower track record with existing banker, cash flow and 
key ratio analysis 

3) Justifying limits, borrower background, terms and conditions offered, field 
investigation, 360 degree feedback and other norms to be followed as per banking 
policy 

4) Ensuring that KYC and constitutional documents are adhered to  
 

5) Analyzing Financial Ratios like Current Ratio, DSCR, Leverage, and Profitability Ratio. 

6) Managing team of around 7 subordinates, handling their issues and coordinate with 
senior team members. 

7) Handling proposals of Private Limited Companies, Partnership Firms and other body 
corporate.  

 
 
D] Previously working in Fullerton India Credit Company Ltd as Senior Credit Manager 
since April 2015 to November 2016. 
 
Work Experience:- 
 
 
     1) Looking after Financial Statements Analysis. 
 
     2) Financial Ratios like CA Ratio, Profitability Ratios, and DSCR. 



3) Managing team of around 4 subordinates, handling their issues and coordinate with 
senior team members. 

4) Handling Personal loans and Business Loans cases. 
 
 
E] Worked with ICICI Bank, Pune as Financial Analyst from Oct 2013 to March 2015. 
 
 
Key Result Areas :- 

 
● Looking after Financial Analysis, Financial Accounting, and Financial Reporting of various 

companies. 
● Analysing credit appraisal of financial statements of the last 3 years and making 

projections for 1-2 years based on existing trends 
● Verifying CIBIL Report, CPG MIS, CPCS, borrower track record with existing banker, cash 

flow and key ratio analysis 
● Justifying limits, borrower background, terms and conditions offered, field investigation, 

360 degree feedback and other norms to be followed as per banking policy. 
 
 

INTERNSHIP 
 

Organization: MSDN & Associates 
Period: 3 years 
Location: Pune 
Key Result Areas 

 
● Preparation of Balance Sheet, Profit and Loss Statement and schedules forming parts of 

Balance Sheet and Profit and Loss Statement. 
 

● Took part in statutory audits of private limited companies which are engaged in sole 
proprietorship, trading and manufacturing  

● Documented profit and loss statements and balance sheets of different companies 
according to Revised Schedule VI 

● Gained experience in handling voucher sales ledger, cash bank and purchase ledger 
● Worked on filling filing annual accounts (Form 23CA and 23 ACA) and Annual 

Return(Form 20B) 
● Finalised different accounts of private limited companies and individuals  
● Gained experience in working with SAP 
● Managed the filing of Income Tax Returns (ITRs) for organizations as well as employees. 

 
 

TRAININGS UNDERTAKEN:- 
      *Underwent 100 hours of training on Information Technology conducted by 

   ICAI 
*Took part in General Management & Communication Skills conducted by ICAI in     
January 2013. 



 
EDUCATIONAL/ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS:-  
 
● CA from ICAI, New Delhi with 52.88% in 2012 
● B.Com. from Dharampet College, Nagpur,Nagpur University with 56.5% in 2008 
● XII from J.C. Junior College, Karanjalad(Amravati Dist.),Amravati Board with 68.17% in 

2004 
● X from J.C. High School, Karanja Lad (Amravati Dist.), Amravati Board with 81.33% in 

2002. 
 

 
IT SKILLS 
 
● Tally.Erp 9 
● Taxbase  
● MS Office (Excel) 

 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
 
Date of Birth:               4th March 1986 
Local Address: Sarang Society, F-1107, Nanded City,Sinhgad Road, 
                                                      Pune-411041. 
Permanent Address: Near Bramhansabha, Malipura, Karanja (Lad), Dist. Washim-

444105, Maharashtra 
Languages Known:                English, Hindi and Marathi    
 
 
 
 

 
 

 


