

















































Himani N. Sevak
[MBA , (FINANCE)] 


Phone no:- 9638973089

Email Id:- Himanisevak1478@gmail.com


Career Objective

To be a part of professionally managed organization, accept challenging and leading role to achieve goals and add values to the team efforts. I firmly believe in implementing my duties with dedication, passion, positive attitude and determination and try my best to implement the expertise and experience gained in this field to develop complex project with efficiency and quality.



Educational Qualifications



	Degree
	Institute / University
	Year
	Percentage
GPA/CGPA
	Class

	MBA
	Dr C V Raman University
	2016
	
       65.7

	First

	BBA
	Sardar Patel University
	2013
	5.07
	Second

	HSC
	GHSEB
	2010
	58.57
	Second

	SSC
	GSEB
	2008
	65.54
	First




Computing Skills


MS Office – word, power point
MS Excel
Tally ERP9




Major Projects: 

	
Internship during MBA:

Transpek-Silox industry private ltd.

Objective:
The main objective behind this internship is to learning practical things in industry. How to work in an industry, and how to take decisions. Capital  structure, capital budgeting, portfolio mgt., etc.
are practically learned throughout it. This training is very helpful to understand Financial mgt. thoroughly.



    Projects during BBA:


	

	1 Project report on Telecommunication Industries in India.

     Objective:
Main purpose behind this project conducted is to know the concept of telecommunication industry. What kinds of development they are conducted in india. Also studied major players in the industry. What type of distribution channel they are prefering. 

2 Industrial project on Enterprenuer of Sunpharmaceutical Pvt. Ltd.

Objective:

The main objective is to the concept of enterprenuer and types of entrepreneurship. Also to know the background of Dilip Sanghvi, why he decided to be enterprenuer. What steps he had conducted to fulfill his all dreams.

3 Industrial projects on Swiss Glascoat Equipments Ltd. And GMM phaudler Ltd.

Objective: 

The main purpose behind this project is to know the various concepts of   managements such as production, marketing, finance, human resource management. How both companies manage all the aspected of management.

Experience:-

Currently working as a Quality Assurance Associate (QA) in APIMA Consulting Pvt Ltd. , Markettrack LLC from NOVEMBER 2016.











Personal Profile

	Date of Birth
	:
	20/07/1993

	Gender
	:
	Female

	Marital Status
	:
	Single

	Nationality
	:
	Indian

	Languages Known
	:
	English, Hindi, Gujarati, 


Interests 		   :   Watching movies, listening music




Core Competencies and Strengths

1. Strong Commitment. 
2. Ability to be flexible in a team.
3. Like to work on challenging tasks.
4. Optimistic approach in work and life.
5. Strongly motivated and determined.
6. Believe in giving more than 100% towards work.



IF GIVEN AN OPPORTUNITY TO BE A PART OF THE TEAM THAT DYNAMICALLY FUNCTIONS, I PROMISE TO DELIVER MY BEST TOWARDS MEETING Y0UR COMPANY’S GOALS AND COMMITMENTS.





