






































Davinder Kaur Ubhi  

A/603, Sai Manomay developers, Sector -35D, Kharghar, Navi Mumbai-410210. 

Ph no. +91 9773454701/7589124520 Email- davinderkaurubhi@gmail.com 



CAREER OBJECTIVE 



To seek a position that would allow me to contribute and make a significant impact to the 

organization. 

STRENGTHS



• Good Communication & Presentation Skills.

• Excellent Analytical, Reasoning and Problem Solving/Decision making Skills.

• Proven Negotiation Skills & Result Oriented.

• Good Management & Team Skills
• Strong Experience in Procurement to Payment


ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION



	Year
	Qualification
	%
	University

	April 2009
	M.Com(Management)
	56%
	Mumbai University,G.N Khalsa College

	Mar 2007
	B.Com(F&A)
	66%
	Mumbai University,G.N Khalsa College

	Feb 2004
	H.S.C (Commerce)
	67%
	G.N Khalsa 
College

	Mar 2002


	S.S.C 


	69%
	G.N High School




Pursuing correspondence MBA from ICFAI Tripura

OTHER QUALIFICATIONS 



̵ Certification in Information Technology from Computer Station Inc Mumbai.

̵ 3 yrs technical education from G.N Technical School.

COMPUTER SKILLS


MS office, MIS Reporting, MSMS, Macros, Internet Operations, SAP R2, Basic Knowledge of SAP R3 


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE



Organization                                                     Tata Consultancy Services

	Duration

Role 

(Reporting Head- Team leader)
Responsibilities                                                                 
	3 years 8 months(9th July’07-14th Mar’11)
Process Trainer(Procurement Department-Dow Chemical- Europe region, Dubai and India)

Prepared Training schedules and test modules for new joinees.

Provided Training for the roles like client order representative, Client service representative Contract administrator, procedures and guidelines to be Followed within the process. Escalation process.

Created presentation modules and training for any updates and changes in the process.

Handled authority to allocate soft skills training for the function.



	Role
 
	Contract Administrator 

	Responsibilities

Role 

Responsibilities

Role 

Responsibilities

 
	Created and maintained contracts with suppliers for material and equipments.

Ensured timely updation and execution

Of contracts.
Interacted as a link between sourcing specialist and vendor.

Purchase Executive
Created inquiry and purchase orders for R&D, Electrical & Mechanical equipments. 
Negotiated with the vendor for price quotation, delivery and terms & condition.

Coordinated with Account payable for solving transactional related queries and payment issues.

Ensured timely delivery of materials and equipments to the site

Account Payable executive

Scanning incoming invoices in the system and uploading the details in the system.

Matching invoices with the purchase order 

And vendor details & Bank details.
Sending blocked invoices to the buyer  for           

Correction in case of discrepancies.
Making timely payment to the vendor  before due date.





ACHIEVEMENTS


 ̵ Received Star Performer Awards thrice from the Function for outstanding contribution to Team and Function.

̵ Recognized as the SPOC between Accounts payable team and procurement team.
̵ Identified as a leader for the creation and implementation of EPMO tool within the Process.
̵ Member of fun & event organizing committee for the function.



PERSONAL DETAILS 


Date of Birth: 26th May, 1986 
Gender: Female

Marital Status: Married

Languages: English, Hindi, Punjabi & Marathi 

Interests: Photography and Travelling

Closing Message 
Thanks for taking the time to

 look over my curriculum vitae. 
I look forward to hearing 

from you. 
Davinder Kaur Ubhi 
+91 9773454701/7589124520  

davinderkaurubhi@gmail.com

