
















































	
Name: Amol B Kamble

Email:amolkamb24@gmail.com	
Mob no: 9482002085, 7019366582

Education:

B.Afrom Shivaji University, Kolhapur.

M.B.Afrom AIMR, Sankeshwar.
(KARANATAKA).

Software knowledge	
· OperatingSystem 98,2010
· MS office
· Adobe Photoshop
· AdobeIllustrator
· 3Dmax
· Maya

Linguist Ability
English, Hindi, and Marathi.

Core Strength
· Leadership,
· Problem solving,
· Time management& self-discipline.
· Team work, sharing responsibility  

Core Strength
· Leadership,
· Problem solving,
· Time management& self-discipline.
· Team work, sharing responsibility  

CTC
· 2,45,000






CURRICULUM VITAE




HIGHLIGHTS	

Hiring and retention.		    Web based sourcing/ recruitment.
Training and development.	    Focus on Quantitative, Not Qualitative.
Creating effective business        Offer negations and closing
plans.                                          Problem Solving
Hire the Right Person at the       Employee grievance & conflict.
Right Time.

PROFILE SUMMAR

Total  5 year experience

Company: Andromeda Call Centre voice process 2008.

Designation: Customer care support

Role & Responsibility:
Manage customer complaints or support issues Possess effective communication.

Company: Galaxy Gemstone experience.2014-15

Designation: Business Development Manager, 1.2yrs.

Role & Responsibility:	
Dedicated to meeting all company production goals and deadlines.
Identifying & developing potential customer for achieving business volumes consistency and profitably.
Handling new client enquiries and acting as the face of the business.
Arranging & chairing weekly team meetings, focusing on targets & achievements. 
Identify sales leads, pitch goods or services to new clients and maintain a good working relationship with new contacts.. 
Involved in the recruitment of new staff. Implementing new initiatives
Amplified customer base by maintaining effective relationships.

Company: SaiYog BPO experience.2015 to 2017.

Designation: Team Leader,(non voice) 2 yrs.

Role & Responsibility:
Preparing daily workloads for staff & co-coordinating the daily allocation of work
Bulk Hiring, End2End recruitment.
Meet the team target and Quality & Handling team 
	Address:
Temporary  add:
Shayadri nagar, Dhankawdi, 
Pune.
Permanent  add: 
2nd  Lane Harinagar, Nipani, 
(KARANATAKA).

Interests and Activities
· Playing cricketcarom, badminton
· Listening to music Watching movies.
· Creating 3D models.

Personal Information

· Date of Birth: 
22-10-1986
· Sex: Male
· Marital Status : Single
· Nationality : Indian



Maintaining relationships with team and motivating the team to achieve high quality work and targets. 
Mentoring and training up junior and new staff.
Providing prompt and accurate information on individual performance.
Praise team members and creates a positive working environment.

Company: VTM Security System.

Designation: HR

Role &Responsibility:
Identify staff vacancies and recruit, interview, and select applications End2End recruitment.
Met with all new hires to explain benefits,guidelines and procedures.
Managing relation between management and employees by handling question interpreting and administering contracts.
Responding to employee issues and question in a timely manner.
Recruiting Handling planning, operations.
Direct personnel,training and labour relations activities.
Conduct orientation to foster positive attitude towards organizational objectives.
Maintaining relationship with clients and employee.
Formulating strategies, recruiting and hiring new employee.








DECLARATION

I hereby pledge solemnly that all the information furnished above is absolutely true to the best of my knowledge and test of my understanding.
