















































        Curriculum Vitae  

  

Personal Details:   

Priti Shinde  

Email-id: shindepriti2911@gmail.com  

Mobile: 8383031593  

Current Company: L&T Infotech  

  

Career Objective:    

I am seeking a position where I can work in a challenging environment and gain experience 

in working as part of a team to research and develop new software products.  

  

Qualification Summary:  

  

Qualification  Name of the institution  Name of the University  Month/Year  Percentage  

BScIT  VES college of Arts, 

Science and Commerce  

Mumbai University  April 2015  82%  

HSC  National Sarvodaya 

Junior College  

Maharashtra State 

Board  

March 2012  80%  

SSC  St. Anthony Girls’ High 

School  

Maharashtra State 

Board  

March 2010  88%  

  

Experience Summary  

 Working in L&T Infotech  

 Experience: 2yrs and 11months  

 Worked in a Citi Bank project and currently working for JCI.  

 Developed a Tool in java which could run DB2 queries without any software installation  

 Additionally developed a site which new team members could use to solve issues without 

having much knowledge of the project  

 Received Appreciation Certificate for my performance at L&T Infotech  

  

  

Skills Summary   

Domain   BFS (Banking and Finance)  

Programming Languages  C#, CORE JAVA, ASP.NET, C++, Servlets, JSP, HTML, CSS, hibernate 

Operating System  /  ERP 

Version  
UNIX  

Tools / DB / Packages /  

Framework / ERP  

Components  

MS SQL Server 2008, .NET framework 2.0/3.5/4.0, ORACLE, Autosys, 

Tectia Terminal, Eclipse, Putty 



Hardware Platforms  None  

  

  

Work Experience  

Project 1   

Project Name  GST   Team Size  55  

Start Date  1st Jan 2016   End Date  30th Sept 2017  

Project Description  

GST which has many applications under it is used by CITI Bank   

These applications deal with loading of funds, shares , 
settlement of trades, transfer of files, publishing important 
information, granting users access to required application, 
mapping users with various profile,etc.  

User reached out with their queries by generating Ticket in 
ServieNow Tool.  

  

Role & Contribution  

  Resolving user issues under all the 8 Applications in GST 
using db2 queries which involes:  
-Re-queuing of stuck files.  

-Extracting copies of file from server and sending it to 
clients.  
-Explaining the working of applications to clients. -
Preparing script to transfer all the accounts, files 
(everything under one user) to another user. -
Checking loading of funds or delay in loading and 
informing the same to the user.  
-Assisting user with audit requests and providing them the 
required details by framing suitable DB2 query.  

Additional activities were performed on weekend related to 
jobs and clones (server related).  

  

Technology & Tools  

  

  

UNIX,  IBM DB2, Autosys Tool, Tectia File Transfer, Tectia Unix 

Terminal.  

  

  

  

  

Project 2 (Extenstion of Project 1)  



Project Name  GST  Team Size  3  

Start Date  30th Sept 2017 End Date  30th Dec 2017  

Project  
Description  

GST which has many applications under it is used by CITI Bank   

Developed 2 Tools in Java using Technologies like Core Java, Servlets, Jsp  

1) The First Tool “SquirrelTool” was developed to remove the 

cumbersome installation of DB2 software and also the errors faced 

by it during installation.  

2) The Second Tool “CRTool” was developed to facilitate new Team 

Members resolve user queries without much knowledge about the 
project and use of database. User could fire queries without 

knowing which table to retrieve the data from.  

3) Both the Tool had a login page which accepted DB2 credentials and 

if authorized it would redirect to the necessary Screen page.  

  

Responsible for the creation of below modules in SquirrelTool and CRTool: 

- Created Login page and other User Interface with Html and Bootstrap.  

- Involved in creating Java Server pages (Servlets and JSP) for generating 

dynamic pages based on the user input.  

-Used JDBC and servlets to check authenticity of user credentials.  

Role &  
Contribution  -Used Core Java and JDBC to retrieve data from database based on business 

requirement and user input.  

-Coded Javascript for the validation of the various Input Controls on the 

screen.  

-Used Javascript to facilitate “Search” functionality on tool.  

  

 Tools  Eclipse, DB2, Core Java, JSP, Servlet, Javascript, CSS, HTML, Bootstrap  

  

  

  

Project 3   

Project Name  JCI AMS  Team Size  89  

Start Date  31st January 2018  End Date  NA  

Project  
Description  

1) JCI is the leading company in manufacturering of batteries, 
buildings, Tyco, distributed energy source,etc.  

2) We aim at providing customer support and assistance in various 
applications related to Order, Billing, Sharepoint, ETL process.  

  



Role &  
Contribution  

Responbile for creating macro which checks application status.  

Assisting users in their queries and providing resolution.  

Responsible for ETL support using Informatica tool.  

Worked on various application using Unix.  

Tools  Informatica, Unix.  

  


