















































CURRICULUM VITAE
Imran Pasha
E-mail: jpnimran@gmail.com
Mobile: +918892246001
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Objective:

Aspiring to work in a professionally managed environment where I intend to Prove myself through my knowledge and hardworking capabilities in adding,The achievements of the organization’s vision mission and strive to achieve high Levels of Success so as to grow with the organization.

Summary:

· Network Engineer have 5.7 years of experience in LAN,WAN,Voice Operation & SDH.
· Experience in Routing,Switching & Security. Also, have great understanding of Routing and Switching Concepts.
· Highly provoked and hardworking with matchless communication skills.

· Numerous appreciation forms of Emails and Certificate received from clients and team.

Relevant Experience:

                  
Accenture Solutions Private Limited (L2/L3 Support)
     

AXA Technologies Shared Services Private Limited Communication (L2 support)

     

Railtel Corporation of India Limited (L1/L2) SDH/Network Support
Certification:

                 
CCNA Routing & Switching(640-802)
CCNP Route V2 (300-101)

           

ITIL Foundation 2011
Education:

B.E Electrical and Electronics Engg From Cambridge Institute of Technology(VTU) – 64.20%
Diploma From Acharya Patashala polytechnic - 58.77%
S.S.L.C from Fatima Primary and High School - 72.64%
Technical Expertise:
Router
 
             - CISCO – access/distribution/core,voice gateways.
Switches       

- Cisco - Layer 2, Layer 3, DMZ.
Tools                 
             - WebEx, Solar, wind, Prtg, VNC, SYSLOG,Network Analyzer,
                                        Wire shark, team Viewer & what’s up gold.
Technology 
  
- Data LAN WAN (Security, Routing & Switching),Voice IP telephony,IP Contactcenter
                                        Cosmocom classic.
WAN Protocols   
             - Virtual private network,MPLS.
Routing 
  
             - Static, default, dynamically - OSPF, BGP, RIP, EIGRP.
Switching
  
- VLAN,VSS, VTP, STP/RSTP/PVST/MST, Port Channel, HSRP.
Security
  
             - Cisco firewall module, Adaptive security appliance, Checkpoint SPLAT & GAIA,
                                         Access-control System.
T Management   
             - Disaster recovery, designing & supporting data centers/ DHCP/ARP/MAC/
                                         Proxy/Quality of service/NAT – static, dynamic
                                         Identical NAT and Rule ACL.
Proxy 
                          - Cisco IRON port.
Call Manager

 - Cisco CUCM 6.1 and 9.1.

Self Ratings 1 to 10 & years of experience:
Rated as 8 : 5.7 years experience of Router, Switches and SDH, WAN Protocols and Traffic management
Ratings as 7 : 2 years experience have Cisco Call Manager, Cisco Voice Gateways,PRI/BRI lines
Rating as 8 :  1.3 years experience MPLS Network &Transmission Media Mux and Fiber Maintenance around                   300Km.
Roles and Responsibilities:

Provide advice and technical support on network matters.

Synchronizing with other teams towards working on the same project to ensuring smooth delivery. Creating and managing the virtual-local-area-network and VTP as per requirement.

SLA escalation calls include Implementing & maintain internal, external firewalls rules & Nat.

Evolving technologies, Implement, support and keep full time network(Data/Voice) services.
Achievement:
Appreciation received for successive Migration of IPCC platform on Instacc, 
Played a key role within a group for new equipment installation over 220 CE locations,

that support to provide business competence by identifying the useful solutions.

Helped panel for shifting DC equipment to new premises & provided peerless client services.

Greater than before dealing success for decisions taken which lead to solve critical traffic.

Career successfully worked with force for 4 projects Bharti Axa Life, Bharti general Insurance and Bank of india.
Performed troubleshooting of network troubles on individual systems and identified solutions in 85% of cases. Successfully migrated 250 MPLS link from BSNL,Tulip And Airtel to MPLS BGP Links to single Vendor Airtel and enhanced dealing efficiency also worked in services with 99.99% uptime/SLA.
Axa Business service office movement from BTM to Manyata involved as Network engineer support to shift entire LAN and WAN coordinating with vendor on WAN links setting up all HUB rooms configuring all Network devices.
             Received Quarterly individual performance award.
Accenture, Project Profile:

Scope from Jan 2016 to Till Date
Handling IT Operations team for Accenture NGWAN backbone and designing network improvements and optimizations Provide support for Network, including implementation, administration, maintenance, backup and troubleshooting

Taking innovative by making suggestions, and offering input on ways to improve processes and increase productivity

Assesses and recommends the improvement or re-engineering of I.T. services and technologies to the Director of I.T

Ensure compliance of internal and customer SLA for uptime and change management.
Projects assigned Regional PoP integration to NGWAN Backbone included Pune,Hyderabad & Delhi PoPs. Chicago data center migration from Fidelity site to equinix datacenter, iCAS project RAP WLC integration to NGWAN.
AXA, assignment profile:
Extent from  June 2013 to Dec 2015
Routing and switching infrastructure support.
Monitor network infrastructure for performance and availability.

Provide data networking skills to the association. May include support for OSPF, BGP, LAN and IPSec Virtual private network. Support adds, moves and changes to network infrastructure.

Perform application impact analysis. Analyze the application traffic patterns and determine the impact of production links.

L1/L2 support towards Voice, configuring IP phones, gateways.

Carry out network hardware installations and two corrections, including Open Systems Interconnection Layers 1-4 and 7.

Interact with internal and external business units to identify requirements and determine business impact.

Liaise with vendors for warranty claims, operating system bugs and feature upgrades and roadmap activities.
Ensure that correct procedure for Inventory, Change, event and Incident Management. Vulnerability assessment and penetration testing and suggest for image up gradation.
Same as previous projects, but additionally have well trained on QOS and VRF topology.
Railtel Corporation of India Limited,project profile:

Extent from Dec 2011 to March 2013
SDH support for around 300Km including Fiber testing and Mux Installation, Mux Configuration,Bandwidh allocation.
L1 support for LAN and WAN.

Fiber teting for railways to install Tejas Mux across 300 Kms.

Installation of alcatel Mux in backbone Pops,tejas Mux in all Railway Staion under YPR-TK and YPR-DMM

INvolved in Bangalorecity Railway station Blu-fi project providing wifi services on Blu-fi application,maintenance of 74 Nodes across 300 KM supporting Fiber,Mux, LAN and WAN technology, Project implementation of fiber and Mux implementation from Bangalore city Railway station to Devanahalli railway station,IBW support for all railway officers in Divisional railway manager’s office and all stations under YPR-TK and YPR-DMM.
Personal Profile:
Father Name: K Jeelan

Date of Birth: 11-05-1989
Pan number: BSDPP2746L

Postal address: #15, Ajmal Mnazil 1st Main Nehru Street Udaynagar tinfactory B’lore-16
References:             References are available on request.

Strengths:               Solid solution skills, grasp new concepts and ideas.

Declaration:            Hereby declare above information is true up to best of knowledge and belief.
 (Imran Pasha)
