





















































Brinda Bhandari 

House No. 981 Sector 8 Faridabad, Haryana

· Mobile No: +91 9971218106			Email Id: brindabhandari92@gmail.com

		
	 ITIL certified Software Development professional with 4 years of Experience as Business Analyst and in Development, Deployment and User acceptance testing 




Career Objective

To pursue a highly rewarding career, seeking for a job in challenging and healthy work environment where I can utilize my skills and knowledge efficiently for organizational growth.


Skills & Expertise

	Programming
	Shell Scripting, Perl, C ,Java, IBM Unica

	Web Development
	HTML, CSS, JavaScript

	Databases
	PostgreSQL, MySQL , SQL Server, Oracle

	Operating System
	Unix, Linux, Windows




Work Experience

· Business analyst in Evalueserve (December 2016 - Present). 

Responsible for developing campaigns (service and marketing) for British Telecom. Also performed Manual QA 
using Oracle for campaigns. Part of end to end delivery from data gathering to data sign off.

1. Client : Pitney Bowes
· Project: Marketing Analytics Skills Used: SQL Server
· Role Description: Responsible for data mining requests from all over Europe clients.
· Project Description: Multiple requests from stakeholders all over come up to gather and provide them data for Campaign management and targeting clients for different reasons.


2. Client: British Telecom 

· Project: Price Change. Skills Used: Unica, Oracle 
· Role Description: Involved in end to end delivery from campaign build to QA and data delivery to different agencies for further requirement. 
· Project Description: Every year British Telecom raises its prices for every customer depending on their usage and products undertaken

· Software Developer at Ericsson India Global Services (January 2015- December 2016). 
Responsible for development and enhancement of the application modules and software tools used in network monitoring. 
Selected for travelling to Xi’an, China for Comnectivity China for development, deployment and User Acceptance testing. 

Projects undertaken: Network Surveillance Tools of multiple clients all over the world

1. Client:Bharti Airtel, MTN Africa

Role: Software Developer 
Skills Used: Perl, Expect, Shell scripting, PostgreSQL. 

Role Description: Involved in all the cycles of software development including end to end customer interaction, maintenance, testing, support as well as framework enhancements.

Project Description: Application software used to monitor the wide level of networks for various operators. 

2. Client: Connectivity China
Role: Software Developer 
Skill Used: Perl, Expect, Shell scripting, PostgreSQL.

Role Description: Developing, Testing and Deploying complete application modules and also involved in day to day support. Visited onsite Xian, China for User Acceptance Testing with customer.

Project Description: Application software used for monitoring networks for various operators and also provides the detailed behavior of the network.



3. Client: Telstra Australia, UMobile Malaysia
Role: Software Developer 
Skill Used:  Perl, Expect, Shell scripting, MySQL

Role Description:  As a Developer, R&D and Requirement study, participated in Application design and project discussion Implementation and Coding. Provide assistance to QA/ Testers. Supported the team technically in Perl and Shell scripting.

Project Description: This project is responsible to design and maintenance of back end application for Automated Alarm reporting which is implemented in Perl & Shell, uses MySQL Database and deployed on Linux Platform. There is an integrated tool (Tiger) which is implemented in particular server which connects to each nodes(servers)  by shell scripts and it runs some health checkups i.e. commands and parse some output generated by commands and check criticality. If criticality exists it make logs for each node and send all logs to tiger server. 

4. Client:  Bharti Airtel, MTN Africa(Alarm Clubbing)
Role: Software Developer 
Skill Used: Java, SQL SERVER. 

Role Description: As a Developer, R&D and Requirement study, participated in Application design and project discussion Implementation and Coding. Provide assistance to QA/ Testers.

Project Description: This project is responsible to club multiple alarms on the basis on provided criteria by the backend users to reduce the number of TTs.

· Software Developer at Raksha TPA Pvt Ltd(Feb 2014-December 2014)

Role: Software Developer 
Skill Used: Java, SQL SERVER

Role Description: As a Developer, R&D and Requirement study, participated in Application design and project discussion Implementation and Coding. Provide assistance to QA/ Testers. 

Project Description: Enhancement and development of their web portal.

Education


1. Manav Rachna College of Engineering, Faridabad (2010 – 2014) 

 Completed Bachelor of Technology, Information Technology and obtained 1st class degree. 


2. Apeejay School 

HSC (Class XII) : 81% 
SSC(Class X): 81% 

Personal Details 
Date of Birth: 18th June 1992	
Marital Status:Unmarried
Languages: English and Hindi


Page1

