


















































HANUMANTH RAO NARONIKAR


PRASAD SUBBARAJ, CSM


Project Manager, Infosys Ltd
Email: bab_prasad@yahoo.com

Phone: +91 9840904433

Experience Summary 

· 13+ years of experience in the fields of software development

· 8+ Years of Experience as Project Manager responsible for Project Management, Technical Assistance and Delivery.
· 5+ Years of Experience as Scrum Master.

· Experience in handling large Transformation Programs and legacy Modernization projects.

· Excellent skills in Project Planning, Estimation, Risk Management and Stake holder management.
· Executed projects in Multi-vendor environments managing different stake holders.
· Have worked as Project coordinator in USA and Germany.
· Experience in Project Management Operations.
· Secured 100% in scrum master certification.
· Attended PMP training in PMI recognized training center.
· Self-motivated professional, creative result oriented, excellent communication skills and has superior ability to coordinate and perform several tasks simultaneously.

· Exceptional Analytical skills, Critical thinking ability and debugging skills 

· Been a Quick Learner, Flexible and adaptive to Change throughout my IT career evident from the different projects, executed. Strong Communication and Effective Presentation skills are my plus. 

· Excelled in understanding functional requirements, business application, business data relations, studying technical feasibility of executing the project, proposing solutions, Estimation and effective project co-ordination.

· Expert in documentation of the quality based process approach like preparing Analysis and Design Documents, Presentations, Weekly Reports, Traceability Matrix, Code Review Documents, Unit Test plan, System Test Plan, etc.

· Have conducted Trainings on Mainframe and insurance Concepts.

Certifications:

Certified Scrum Master

IBM certification



DB2 – SQL Solution Developer



DB2  V8.1 Application Developer



DB2  V8.1 Database Associate 


NCFM



Certified in Financial Markets


Brain Bench

           

Certified in JCL, Cobol and DB2

IT Skills: 

Technology:


COBOL, REXX, JCL, VSAM, DB2, IMS DB and PL/I

Tools:


BTS, Expeditor, File Aid, File Manager, PDSE, QMF, SQL Developer, Changeman, Endeavor and SCM, Specialized TCS Mastercraft Application Analyzer for legacy modernization, Data Migration Tool, ARCAD, Collabarator
Special Tools:


MS-Projects, IBM RTC, IBM RRC and HP Quality Center

Employment Summary:

Employed in Infosys Ltd from 16th Feb 2015 to till Date

Employed in Tata Consultancy Services from 18th October 2006 to 28 Jan 2015

Employed at IBM India Global Services from 14th June 2004 to 17th October 2006

Education Qualification

	Degree
	Institute
	Major and Specialization

	Bachelor of Engineering , April 2003
	Vellore Institute of Technology / Madras University
	Computer Science and Engineering


Career Profile

· From Feb 2015 to Till Date    


Infosys Ltd, India
	Title /Projects
	Tranformation program of a new bank

	Client
	Largest Bank, London, UK

	Position
	Project Description

	Project Description
	One of the largest in UK proposed to carve a new bank out of the existing bank. The transformation program involves migration of customer and related data and make the new bank up and running with the new software’s. All the banking applications was transformed. The main area of the project was related to payment 

	Responsibilities
	Analyse and evaluate present business procedures.

Project/Iteration Planning

Resource Management

Coordinate the Business and IT team

Reports/ Metrics Preparation

Risk management

Cost management

Time management

Key Project Information report

Audit other accounts to verify if the established quality procedures for followed and documented

	Hardware
	OS 390,Windows desktops

	Languages
	AS400, RPG,COBOL, JCL

	Database
	IBM DB2, IMS DB

	Work Location
	Chennai, INDIA


· From Aug 2011 to Dec’2014


Tata Consultancy Services,USA, India
	Title /Projects
	Legacy Modernization using Guidewire

	Client
	Largest P&C insurance company, Columbus, Ohio

	Position
	Technical Manager

	Project Description
	One of the largest P&C Insurance companies in the US with its headquarters in Columbus, OH. Nationwide has a myriad of Legacy IT systems residing on the Mainframes which cater to quoting, policy issuance, and policy servicing of Nationwide’s Property & Casualty insurance customers. Of this large number of systems, there are 23 different systems in Legacy which support the Personal Property lines of business. The Project involves the transformation from Legacy system to guidewire platform along with interface development.

	Responsibilities
	Analyse and evaluate present business procedures.

Project/Iteration Planning

Resource Management

Coordinate the Business and IT team

Reports/ Metrics Preparation

Key Project Information report

Identify and Provide enhancement to TCS Tools Group

Knowledge officer for Assets created in the project

Audit other accounts to verify if the established quality procedures for followed and documented

	Hardware
	OS 390,Windows desktops

	Languages
	COBOL, JCL

	Database
	IBM DB2, IMS DB

	Special Software
	Reform(TCS)

	Work Location
	Chennai, INDIA


· From NOV 2008 to Jan 2011… Tata Consultancy Services, USA
	Project
	Insurance company, San Antonio, Texas

	Position
	Project Lead 

	Project Details
	TCS is responsible for developing and maintaining the software for Life insurance company of USAA.  It involves developing new software using cutting edge technologies and highly appreciated architecture which is one of the best in the insurance industry.

Individual Responsibilities involved:

1. System Study.

2. Estimation

3. Requirement gathering

4. Involved in guiding the team members, Coding, Unit testing

5. Follow the Established Testing Process for the Project. 

6. Responsible for preparing the test plan (all forms of testing) 

7. Follow up the outcome of testing to ensure closure and fixing of errors. 

	Technical platform
	COBOL, JCL, Easytrieve, Librarian, PDSE, PST, SCM, BTS

	Work location
	San Antonio, Texas


· From Oct 2006 to Oct 2008 …Tata Consultancy Services

	Project
	AXA Equitable Life Insurance company

	Position
	Technical Lead

	Project Details
	Individual Responsibilities involved:

1. System Study.

2. Involved in guiding the team members, Coding, Unit testing

3. Follow the Established Testing Process for the Project. 

4. Responsible for preparing the test plan (all forms of testing) 

Follow up the outcome of testing to ensure closure and fixing of errors. 

	Technical Platform
	COBOL, JCL, DB2, ECLIPS, FILE-AID, ABEND-AID, IMS

	Work location
	NEW YORK, USA / CHENNAI


· From June 2004 till Oct 2006  …IBM Global Services

	Project
	Financial Information Warehouse – Mega center / Ledger Reporting Development 

	Customer
	IBM, Netherlands & IBM, USA

	Project Details
	Individual Responsibilities involved:

1. Analysis of Improvement and change requests

2. Designing the internal design document

3. Coding / Unit testing of new/modified modules

4. Code and design document reviews

	Technical Platform
	PL/1, JCL, REXX, DB2,JCL

	Work location
	IBM - Bangalore


Page 1 of 3

