










































Pavithra.A 
 
E-Mail ID: dayanapavithra@gmail.com 
Mobile     : 9108869532 

 
SEEKING A CHALLENGING OPPORTUNITY SO AS TO IMPLEMENT THE PROFESSIONAL SKILL IN A DYNAMIC 
CORPORATE  
 

 

Company Name & Profile:- Capgemini INDIA PVT LTD, Bangalore 

 

Capgemini is a French multinational management consulting corporation headquartered in Paris, France. It is one of 
the world's largest consulting, technology and outsourcing companies. 

 
An Overview:- 

• Journal Preparation and posting journals in SAP. 

• Post Journal in Scala ERP Tool. 
• Balance sheet Reconciliation 
• Sales Reporting 
• Sales and inventory Reconciliation 
• Goods In Transit investigation 
• Creating payment proposal and Making payments to Vendor  
• Review of Bank reconciliation 

• Investigation on Goods receipt and invoice open items and taking necessary follow ups with the client (PO 
requester), getting the invoices from the trading partner (in case of intercompany purchase) and from the 
3rd party vendor and sending the invoices to the AP Team to post the invoices and continues follow up with 
the team. 

• Intercompany Reconciliation, Matching the intercompany receivable and payables with the trading partner.  
• Communicating with the AP payment team regarding the payments to the vendor. 

• Intercompany payment- Netting, IHB cashless process. 
• Month end reporting, Profit matching balance sheet matching. 

• GRIR and COGS Clearing 
• COGS variance investigation 
• Extra activities are like Classroom Training for the New Joiners, Helping Automation team in automating 

the process, taking up client calls and helping them in understanding the process, Had been To Russia for 
Knowledge Transfer. 

 
Professional Experience – 2 years 6 Months  ( Details as per below) 

 

From TO Designation Department Company Name 

23.11.2015 Till date Senior process associate 
General 
Ledger 

 
Capgemini  

 

 
 

Previous Job profile & Area of knowledge:-  
 
Company Name & Profile:- KPMG 
 
KPMG is a professional service company, one among Big Four auditors Deloitte, EY and PwC. KPMG is a global network 
of professional firms providing Audit, Tax and Advisory services. 
 

 An Overview:- 

• Checking the mathematical Accuracy of the financial statements of the clients 
• Comparing the pre published financial statements with the published version. 
• 3 way matching of invoices 

 
 

 
 



 
 
Professional Experience – 2 years  ( Details as per below) 
 

From TO Designation Department Company Name 

21.10.2013 20.11.2015 Process associate Auditing 
 

KPMG 

 

 
Company Name & Profile:- St. Philomenma PU College 
St Philomena is an educational institute located in Mangalore Karnataka.  
Professional Experience – 1 years  ( Details as per below) 
 

From TO Designation Department Institution Name 

04.6.2012 31.052013 Lecturer Commerce 
 

St. Philomena College 

 

 
 
Educational Qualification:-  

 

Qualification Institutions Marks (%) 

S.S.L.C St. Victors Girls High school. Puttur 51% 

P.U.C St. Philomena ’s PU college, Puttur 83% 

B.B.M St. Philomena College, Puttur 71% 

M.com(Finance) Dept. of Business Administration, 
Mangalore University, Konaje, Mangalore  

63% 

 

 
IT Qualification :-  

Higher Diploma in Computer   Application (72%) 
 
SAP, Scala, Tally, MS excel, MS word 
 
 
Key Skills:- 

 
Keyboard shortcut   keys, Advanced excel Such as Pivot Table, Lookup and Text formulas ( vlookup, 
sumifs, countif and Averages) 
 
 

Rewards and certificates:- 

 
Spot Awards 
Rising Star Award 
“Extra mile” Award from Client 
 
 
Personal Details :-  

Fathers Name   :      Mr. Venkappa Gowda  
Date of Birth   :      08/03/1990 
Nationality                          :       Indian 
Permanent Address :      Amai House Aryapu Post and village PutturDK 574210 
Temporary Address :      Shanthi  Nagar ,  Bangalore 
Languages known  :      English, Hindi and Kannada, Tulu 
 
 



 
Place: Bangalore                                                                                                                  Pavithra. A 
Date:  28-April- 2018 
  


