









































Microsoft Word - Resume_Sairaj_New


    1

RESUME 
 

SAIRAJ NANDKISHOR PAWAR 
 
Contact No.: +91 - 9967537970 
 
E-mail : sairajnp1990@gmail.com       

  
 

CAREER OBJECTIVE 
 

To be a part of an organization for contributing in its growth and success. 

Grow in terms of knowledge, skills & attitude and make effective use of my abilities and professional 
competence by working in healthy as well as challenging environment. 

Further develop and enhance skills, expertise, knowledge and experience in the field of Finance 
Management, Budgeting, MIS, Planning & Forecasting, Taxation, Audit and Accounts. 

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS 
 
 

 
Examination passed / 

Qualification 
 

 
University / Board 

 
Year of 
passing 

 
Class 

B. Com. Mumbai University, Mumbai Mar, 2010 Second 
 

 
H.S.C. 

 
Maharashtra State Board, 

Pune 

 
Feb, 2007 

 
Second 

 
 

S.S.C. 
 

Maharashtra State Board, 
Pune 

 
Mar, 2005 

 
First 

 

WORK EXPERIENCE 
 
Industry Experience: - 
 
Organization   : Loyalties and Rewardz Solutions (I) Pvt. Ltd., Mulund, Mumbai 
 
Duration   : February, 2016 to till date 
 
Current Designation : Manager - Accounts  

 
Current Remuneration : Rs. 4.80 Lakh per annum 

 
 



    2

Core Responsibilities: - 
 

- Accounts Receivable/Payable: Raising claims for various clients as per requirements, 
Follow up with them for payments. Payments made to Vendors as per periodicity. 
Reconciliation of Ledgers along with third Party data.  
 

- Records and System Update: Examining and analyzing Journal and Ledger entries, Bank 
Statements, Inventories, Expenditures and Other accounting and Financial records to ensure 
financial recording accuracy on a regular basis in respected Systems like Tally. 
 

- Statutory Compliances: Providing the data to CA for preparation of Returns as per 
Periodicity of Sales Tax, Income Tax, Goods and Service Tax. 

 
- Processing the Payroll: Managing Monthly Salary calculation till the pay-outs. 

 
- Bank Co-ordination: Online Payments through NEFT / RTGS of Vendor Payments, 

Statutory payments etc. Co-ordination with Banks for smooth banking services, better 
investment plans etc.  
 

- Preparation of Various Reports: Preparing of Various reports like Profit & Loss Statement, 
Budget Tracking, GM Achievement etc. on Weekly /Monthly /Quarterly basis as required by 
Management. 
 

- Closure of Books of Accounts: Execution of tasks related to Audit preparation with 
Chartered Accountant which encompasses Finalization of Accounts i.e., preparation of 
Balance Sheet and Profit and Loss Account with respective schedules. 
 
 

Additional work area: - 
 

- Stock Maintenance: Maintain the Records of Daily Inward and Outward of Stock in Tally 
and Physical books. Verify the Stock with GRN / Invoice against Actual Stock received. 
 

- Office Administration: General work of Office, related to administration like Marinating the 
attendance data, arranging the person for General Repairs, Kitting and Forwarding Labour, 
Cleaning Person as per requirement.  
 
 
 

Previous Organization  : eMart Solutions (I) Pvt. Ltd., Andheri, Mumbai 
 
Duration   :  February, 2013 to February, 2016 
 
Designation   : Assistant Manager – Finance & Accounts  

 
Remuneration  : Rs. 3.10 Lakh per annum 
 
Additional benefits  : ESOPs 
 
 
 



    3

Core Responsibilities: - 
 

- Accounts Receivable/Payable: Raising claims for various clients as per requirements, 
Follow up with them for payments. Payments made to Vendors as per periodicity, following 
up with Vendors for various Forms required by Govt. Authorities. Reconciliation of Ledgers 
along with third Party data.  

 
- Records and System Update: Examining and analyzing journal and ledger entries, bank 

statements, inventories, expenditures and other accounting and financial records to ensure 
financial recording accuracy on a regular basis in respected Systems like Tally, CRM 
(Internal system used in Emart Solutions India Pvt Ltd) 

 
- Statutory Compliances: Preparation of Returns as per Periodicity along with Payment of 

liability of Sales Tax, Income Tax. Also assisting to CA of Company to Prepare the Scrutiny 
data of Various Authorities like Sales Tax, Income Tax. 

 
- Processing the Payroll: Calculation and Payment of Salary, Full and Final Settlement. 

Preparation for Filling of Provident Fund, ESIC and Professional Tax returns on Monthly 
basis. 

 
- Bank Co-ordination: Online Payments through NEFT / RTGS of Vendor Payments, 

Statutory payments etc. Co-ordination with Banks for smooth banking services, better 
investment plans etc. Managing loan proposals to bank related to cash credit facilities such 
as renewal, enhancement, TOD and taking follow up with banks in resolving their queries. 

 
- Preparation of Various Reports: Preparing of Various reports like Profit & Loss Statement, 

Budget Tracking, GM Achievement etc. on Weekly /Monthly /Quarterly basis as required by 
Management. 

 
- Closure of Books of Accounts: Closure of Books on Monthly, Quarterly, Half Yearly and 

Yearly basis. Execution of tasks related to Audit preparation with Chartered Accountant 
which encompasses Finalization of Accounts i.e., preparation of Balance Sheet and Profit and 
Loss Account with respective schedules. 
 
 

Previous Organization  : SDSS & Associates, Santacruz, Mumbai 
 
Duration   : September, 2010 to February, 2013 
 
Designation   : Associate – Audit & Accounts  
 
Remuneration                        : Rs. 1.20 Lakh per annum  
 

- Verification of Books of Accounts: Examining and analyzing the Books of Accounts for 
Various Audits like, Statutory Audit, Tax Audit, VAT Audit, Internal Audit, Stock Audit, 
Concurrent Audit etc. of Banks, Private Limited and Public Limited Companies, Trust. 

 
- Filling of Returns: Filling of Various Returns like Income Tax, Sales Tax, TDS, Sales Tax etc. 

of Individual, Company. 
 
 



    4

COMPUTER SKILLS  
 

 Working knowledge of Tally ERP 9. 
 

 Good hold on MS- Office (MS Word, MSExcel, MS Powerpoint) 
 
PERSONAL DETAILS  
 
 Date of Birth  : - February 22nd, 1990 
 
 Gender   : - Male 
 
 Marital Status  : - Married 
 
 Address   : - 32, Sonawane CHSL, Thakurwadi, Pt. Dindayal Cross Road, Dombivli 

         West, Thane - 421202 
 
 Languages Known : - English, Marathi and Hindi. 
 
 
 
  

 (Sairaj Nandkishor Pawar)  


