
















































Aditi Raj
	Contact Information
	Address         : Swapna Neer Apartment ,Sukanta Pally ,      Mission Bazar ,Kestopur : 700102

     Mob No            : 9051663066
     Email                 : aditi.raj26@yahoo.com
Location Preference : Kolkata ,Delhi ,Noida




	Career Objective
	To utilize my technical skills for achieving the target and developing the best performance in the organization. I would like to implement my innovative ideas, skills and creativity for accomplishing the projects.



Profile Summary
A  Senior Project Engineer with 4+ years of Experience in application development, maintenance & Enhancement and client relationship ensuring quality and timely delivery in Banking ,Health Care Services  and Manufacturing & Hitech Domain .
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Language:                    Java , Java Script , AJAX 
Application Servers:  Jboss, Tomcat, WebLogic  (as an end user)
Databases:                   SQL 2012, Oracle12.1
Frameworks:                Struts 1.1, Springs 3.0
Operating Systems:   Windows  XP /Vista /7 /10 , Unix 
Tools  :                         Putty ,SOAP UI ,FileZilla ,WinSCP , Microsoft Visual SourceSafe, Tortoise SVN 
Other Skills :               CSS, Eclipse IDE , Microsoft Office .
 
Experience Summary

	Designation
	Senior Project Engineer

	Duration
	5 years

	Post
	Working as a Java Developer from Past 5 years.

	Company Name
	Wipro Technologies from 2012 - Present



Academia
	Degree
	Year of Passing
	Percentage
	University

	M.Tech (Software Engineering)
	2016
	7.36 CGPA
	BITS PILANI

	BCA
	2012
	86.25% with Distinction
	Patna Women’s College

	Senior Secondary
	2009
	88%
	ICSE

	Secondary
	2007
	83%
	ICSE



 
Projects 
	Project #1

	Fifth Third Bank

	Technology
	Java  ,SOAP UI ,Eclipse IDE ,Struts 1.1 

	Duration
	7 Months

	Team Size
	5

	Domain
	Banking & Finance

	Role and Responsibilities
	Developer Role ,I have developed services for debit/Credit cards associated with this bank .




	Project #2
	Lexmark

	Technology
	Java ,Springs ,Struts 1.1  ,JSP , AJAX ,SOAP UI ,Putty ,tools like WinSCP   ,Filezilla ,Eclipse Ide ,Tomcat 

	Duration
	1 Year 11 Months

	Team Size
	10

	Role and Responsibilities
	Support & Enhancement. Lexmark is a printer based company which sells as well as provides printer solutions .I  have supported few applications  ,to name a few ,it would be customer portal , partner Portal and order status . I handled L2 level tickets logged by our business users . These applications were integrated with Siebel ,Web methods and IDM team. We monitor three instances of Production server. During my tenure with Lexmark,I had worked in ecommerce application too for about 1 year in one of the B2B sites for printers and printer parts. I was responsible for enhancements  and supporting the application.


	Project #3
	Novartis Pharmaceuticals 

	Technology
	Java ,SQL server ,end user to Weblogic server, Filezilla ,

	Duration
	 3 months

	Team Size
	2

	Role and Responsibilities
	Though it was a short project ,as a developer ,I was involved in migrating a set of existing applications to Weblogic 12c from Weblogic 10c .I have migrated the code ,tested it regressively ,coordinated with the Web hosting team in QA and PROD environment .Any bugs that arose during the migration ,I have helped fix it and delivered the services in time to the customers ,also actively communicated with the client and followed the policies and complied with the norms essential and specific to the code

	Project #4
	Shell

	Technology
	Java, JavaScript, Oracle12.1, SQL 2012, Struts 1.1, Jboss, Eclipse IDE, Tortoise SVN , Microsoft Visual Source safe 

	Duration
	On going

	Team Size
	5

	Role and Responsibilities
	Working as a Java Developer and responsible for support and Enhancement of the applications. Shell is an Oil and petrochemical based company. Am into many applications under the global Finance department like Secure shell application including Taxi-Q QAR, Exposures, PROMS, and non-business critical applications like Company File, Guarantees, APOT, ROMA, Solen certificates, Marine Cargo Websites. These are all related to Finance, Tax and require high attention as business would be highly impacted should there be any lag or application downtime etc. 



Achievements 
· Have received award for my exemplary contribution in making my practice the best practice.
· Have been awarded for good team player in Shell project for my contribution to Tax applications 
· Have delivered many releases for ecommerce websites involving major functionalities.
· I have  been awarded for automation which I did through DB and JAVA.

Personal Details 
	Name
	Aditi Raj

	Father’s Name
	Late- Mr. Uday Krishna Kumar

	Date of birth
	26th Feb’ 1991

	Languages Known
	English and Hindi.

	Gender
	Female 

	Marital Status
	Single

	Nationality
	India.




                                                                                                                                                       Aditi Raj









 
 
A  Senior Project Engineer with 4+ years of Experience in application development,
 
maintenance & 
Enhancement and client relationship ensuring quality and timely 
delivery in Banking ,Health Care
 
Services
  
and Manufacturing & Hitech Domain .
 
Language:
     
              
 
Ja
va
 
,
 
Java Script ,
 
AJAX 
 
Application Servers:  
Jboss, Tomcat, WebLogic
  
(as an end user)
 
Databases:    
               
SQL 
2012
, Oracle
12.1
 
Frameworks:
               
 
Struts 
1.1, Springs
 
3.0
 
Operating 
Systems:
 
 
 
Windows  XP /Vista /7 /10 , Unix 
 
Tools 
 
: 
                        
Putty ,SOAP UI ,
FileZilla ,WinSCP ,
 
Microsoft Visual SourceSafe, 
Tortoise SVN 
 
Other Skills :
               
CSS, 
Eclipse IDE , Microsoft 
Office .
 
 
 
Contact 
Information
 
Address         : 
Swapna Neer Apartment ,Sukanta Pally ,      
Mission Bazar ,Kestopur : 700102
 
 
     
Mob No
            
: 
9051663066
 
     
Email                 : 
aditi.raj26@yahoo.com
 
Location Preference : Kolkata ,Delhi 
,
Noida
 
Career 
Objective
 
To utilize my technical skills for achieving the target and developing the best 
performance in the organization. I would like to implement my innovative ideas, 
skills and
 
creativity for accomplishing the projects.
 










/docProps/thumbnail.emf

 
 
A  Senior Project Engineer with 4+ years of Experience in application development, maintenance & 
Enhancement and client relationship ensuring quality and timely delivery in Banking ,Health Care 
Services  and Manufacturing & Hitech Domain . 
Language:                    Java , Java Script , AJAX  
Application Servers:  Jboss, Tomcat, WebLogic  (as an end user) 
Databases:                   SQL 2012, Oracle12.1 
Frameworks:                Struts 1.1, Springs 3.0 
Operating Systems:   Windows  XP /Vista /7 /10 , Unix  
Tools  :                         Putty ,SOAP UI ,FileZilla ,WinSCP , Microsoft Visual SourceSafe, Tortoise SVN  
Other Skills :               CSS, Eclipse IDE , Microsoft Office . 
  
Contact 
Information 
Address         : Swapna Neer Apartment ,Sukanta Pally ,      
Mission Bazar ,Kestopur : 700102 
 
     Mob No            : 9051663066 
     Email                 : aditi.raj26@yahoo.com 
Location Preference : Kolkata ,Delhi ,Noida 
Career 
Objective 
To utilize my technical skills for achieving the target and developing the best 
performance in the organization. I would like to implement my innovative ideas, 
skills and creativity for accomplishing the projects. 
