











































	
	Mobile:+91 9538147187

	DEEPAK K
	Email:deepak14291@rediffmail.com


Career Objective:
   To secure a challenging position where I can effectively contribute my skills as Software       Professional, possessing competent Technical Skills. I would also like to explore myself and realize my potential to help the organization grow and thereby plan to growth in myself.
    Qualification Details:
	Sl. No.
	Degree
	Branch/Specialization

	Year of Passing
	Name of the College/ Institute
	Name of the University
	Percentage
(%) 

	1.
	BE
	Computer Science
	2012
	Vivekananda Institute of Technology, Bangalore.
	VTU, Belgaum
	64.80

	2.
	PUC
	PCMS
	2008
	SRN Adarsh PU college, Bangalore.
	KSPU Board
	59.00

	3.
	SSLC
	
	2006
	DR.G V Joshi Rotary   English medium high school, Hubli.
	KSEE Board
	77.12


 Work Experience:
CONVERGYS SERVICES INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED (3 years 4 Months)
Responsibilities:
• To help customers with technical troubleshooting on Outlook related issues (Send/receive, unable to launch application, difficulties setting up email accounts in outlook, unable to see emails, Configuration of Outlook for POP, IMAP and Exchange Server).
• While working in Microsoft Community, assisted customers in troubleshooting windows related issue like installing Application, launching applications, updating windows.
• Providing technical assistance to Office 365 commercial (Business users) and general consumers.

• Attending bridge calls with Tier 2 & In-app Project Manager (Microsoft Clients) and discussing the trending issues.

• Updating them (T2) with trending issues with respect to handling T1 tickets (issues).
 • Meeting the SLA (Service Level Agreement-replying within 30 minutes) on new tickets.

 • Keeping the team updated on workarounds/known issues through emails.

• Submitting performance reports on a daily basis and sharing it with the team.

• Mentoring and training new hires on the tools used on the production floor.
• Reviewing the responses of the new hires and coaching them.
Achievements:
• Promoted as a Senior Agent.

• Promoted as an Escalation Engineer (Tier 2) and then later as Senior Escalation Engineer.
     • Currently working as an SME (Subject Matter Expert) Intern in Outlook for Windows In-App Support.
• Experience in difference support channels (Voice and non-Voice) like Microsoft Community, U&R Chat, Microsoft Tier 2(Voice) and Microsoft In-App.
       Personal Details:
	Date of Birth 
	14-02-1991

	Residential Address
	#54, 3rd Cross, Near Church Stop, Shanthi Vilas Layout, Kengeri Satellite Town, Bangalore-560060

	Father Name
	Divakar K

	Mother Name
	Usha K

	Languages Known
	English, Kannada, Telugu, Hindi.

	Strength
	Good Communication Skills, Hard Working, Quick Learner.

	Hobbies
	Watching Cricket, Movies and Reading Personal Finance blogs.


      Declaration:
      I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.


       
       Place: Bangalore. 







      Deepak K.                                                              
