












































Om Srin anjaneya

                                              Senior SAP ABAP Consultant                                                                                     


                              Mobile : +91-8861533666                        
 K.S.Kannan

   

  

Email   : kskannan14@gmail.com 
PROFILE

· As a  Senior ABAP Consultant responsible for Analysis, design, development, testing and implementation of customized SAP ERP solutions for new implementations and upgrades Projects

· Having 10+ years of experience in IT industry and having 8+ years of experience in SAP in Power, Oil & Gas, Consumer Goods and services industries.
· Extensively Worked on SD, MM, CS, QM, FI Modules and excellent understanding of project issues, Ability to work independently or as a part of team.    

Experience Details:
	Functional Domain Name
	Experience
	Description

	SAP ABAP with SD,MM,CS,FI and QM Modules
	8  Years 
	Good experience in SAP Implementation, Application Management, Requirement Gathering, Module Pool Programming, Enhancements, Object oriented programming, Smart Forms,  Data Dictionary, ABAP Classical Report, Interactive Report, ALV Reports, and OOALV, Smart Forms, SAP Scripts, IDOC, Web Services and NetWeaver Gateway and Good knowledge in ABAP CRM.

	SAP Net weaver Gateway and UI5
	7 Months
	1) Developed ODATA ABAP Service with BAPI (With mapping & without mapping techniques.

2) Developed ODATA ABAP Service with CRUD operations

3) Transforming GENIL components/ Objects into O data services in SAP CRM  Module

4) Have good knowledge on SAP UI5 Architectures.

	Web Based Applications/ .Net
	2 Years
	Worked on web applications ASP.NET, VB.NET and SQL Server 2007.


EDUCATION
· Master of Computer Application (MCA) from PSG, Coimbatore in 2006 at 67%. 

EXPERIENCE
· Working as a Module lead for MINDTREE Ltd Bangalore, from 27th Oct 2014 to till date.

· Worked as a Senior Software Engineer for Accenture service Pvt Ltd Bangalore, from October’ 2011 to 14th Oct 2014.

· Worked in Accenture service Pvt Ltd (As a Contract Employee), as an SAP ABAP Consultant for Adecco Flexicone Work force Pvt Ltd from Feb 2011 to Sep 2011.

· Worked as a SAP ABAP consultant for SFJ Consulting Pvt Limited., Bangalore, from July’ 2010 to Jan 2011.

· Worked as a Software consultant for Numeric Power Systems Limited., Chennai, from July’ 2007 to June 2010.
Professional Experience:
1. Project:  ARCELOR MITTAL 
	Client / Company
	ARCELOR MITTAL, Luxembourg / MINDTREE

	Project Duration
	Jan 2016 –Till date

	Tools used
	SAP ECC 6, Web Services, ORBIT Tool ( Solution Manager)


Arcelor Mittal is the world’s leading steel and mining company. Guided by a philosophy to produce safe, sustainable steel, it is the leading supplier of quality steel products in all major markets including automotive, construction, household appliances and packaging.

Roles: 
I am the individual contributor responsible for CR’s and Incidents with respective WEBCAS IOSF and WEBCAS FABM SAP Objects (Back end – SAP System and Front End - .Net ASP application ).

1) Have developed 28 Technical design documents for WEBCAS FABM objects.

2) Understanding the functional requirements and Designing technical designs.
3) Code Reviews and maintain uniform Quality Standards.

4) Creating test cases and preparing unit test scripts.

5) Gained expertise RFC Function Module, OOABAP, Web Service – Service Creation, Binding in SOAMANAGER Transaction code and Solution Manger
2. Project:  Northern Safety 
	Client / Company
	Northern Safety  / MINDTREE

	Project Duration
	April 2015 –November 2015

	Tools used
	SAP ECC 7.9, Net weaver gateway


Client Description: Northern Safety, is a national distributor of safety and industrial supplies with headquarters in Frankfort, New York. NS IT SAP landscape consists of SAP ERP, SAP PI and SAP CRM systems which are closely integrated with 3rd Party systems like Vertex & BOBJ. Currently, Northern safety is running SAP CRM (7.0) Sales and Interaction Center applications to support their sales, marketing and customer care teams to service the customers. 

Project Description: Customer Service Interaction center (CRM) Deign the application for CRM Interaction center in SAP UI5, and displayed the data like accounts details search, contact person details, account and contact details, and interaction report and service requests from Custom RFC function modules using SAP Net weaver Gateway

Roles: Generate the OData Service URLs for accounts details search, contact person details, account and contact details, and interaction report by creating project in gateway service using the RFC Generator and service builder.

3. Project:  Henkel FMO 
	Client / Company
	Henkel / Accenture

	Project Duration
	January 2014 –Till date

	Project Type
	SAP/ Promax Tool – AMS


Client Description:
Henkel Founded in 1876, Henkel holds globally leading market positions both in the consumer and industrial businesses with well-known brands such as Persil, Schwarzkopf and Loctite.

Henkel, headquartered in Düsseldorf / Germany, has some 47,000 employees worldwide and counts among the most internationally aligned German-based companies in the global marketplace. It operates worldwide with leading brands and technologies in three business areas: Laundry & Home Care, Beauty Care and Adhesive Technologies.

Role Description: 

1) Supported and monitoring the files as which is coming from (Promax to SAP Systems and SAP systems to Promax) have reported to the client on daily basis.
2) Depending on the type of various issues in Server maintenance and Promax tool, have interacted constantly with IBM and Wipro team to provide the solution to the client.
3) Work independently and with teams under the guidance of the Technical Lead and supervision of the Team Lead Technical Skills

4) The role is to coordinate with the functional designer to understand the functional specifications and develop the Technical Design for ABAP Objects

5 Prepared and audited the functional design, technical designs and code build for Team members (ABAP Objects).Module: OTC
4. Project:  Coke ONE BIG SI
	Client / Company
	Coca Cola / Accenture

	Project Duration
	August 2013 – December 2013

	Project Type
	SAP End to End Implementation


Client Description: Coca-Cola in India refreshes millions of consumers with an exciting range of beverages including Coca-Cola, Diet Coke, Thums Up, Fanta, Limca, Sprite, Maaza, Maaza Milky Delite, Minute Maid Pulpy Orange, Minute Maid Nimbu Fresh, Minute Maid Mixed Fruit, Minute Maid Apple, Minute Maid Mango, Minute Maid 100% juices, Georgia Gold, Kinley, Kinley Club Soda, Schweppes and Burn through a network of more than 1.5 million outlets.
Role Description: 

1) Involved in Requirement Gathering, Analysis, Design, Build, Test and Deployment Phases.


2) The role is to coordinate with the functional designer to understand the functional specifications and develop the Technical Design for ABAP Objects.
3) Build the ABAP Objects with respective naming standards and conventions and prepared all the documents based on Functional Specifications like Delivery Cover Sheet, Technical Specifications Document, Code Review Checklists etc.

4)  Prepared and audited the functional design, technical designs and code build for Team members (ABAP Objects).
5)  Involved in managerial activities like consolidating PWA time sheet for ABAP team and updating the team if any mismatch in time report.
6) Work independently and with teams under the guidance of the Technical Lead and supervision of the Team Lead Technical Skills
7) Facilitate internal and cross team interactions and proactively involved to raise the incidents if any issue in the HPALM, credential issues etc for the team members.
Work Streams: RTR, OTC.

1) Build the report Capital Budget tracking report (RTR) using object oriented concepts.

2) Function Module to calculate values to be updated in GOD4 table at PGI/PGR of delivery (OTC)
3) Dunning Letter  (RTR)

4) RTR-6975-E-01-C - Billing Number range & invoice text ID development using object oriented concepts.
5) Output MEP Customer GOD slip (OTC)
6) Upload Tool Z-Table & Report Auto Provisioning of Accounts Receivable (RTR) using object oriented concepts.

5) Project:  Benetton Offshore IT Unit
	Client / Company
	Benetton Group / Accenture

	Project Duration
	January 2012 – August 2013

	Project Type
	SAP AMS


Client Description: Benetton Group is one of the best-known fashion companies in the world, present in 120 countries with a network of over 6,500 stores. The Group has a consolidated identity characterized by color, authentic fashion, quality at democratic prices and passion for its work. These values are reflected in the strong, dynamic personality of the Group’s brands: United Colors of Benetton, Undercolors of Benetton, Sisley and Playlife.
Role Description:
1) Involved in Requirement Gathering, Analysis, Design, Build, Test and Deployment Phases.

2) Handling objects independently from requirement gathering to deployment.
Created and modified all functional and technical design documents.

3) Preparing functional & unit test plan cases.

4) Involve in End User interactions to gather client requirements and expectations and
propose the solutions for the requirements based on the Standard SAP Best Practices.
Handling and support SAP production environment activities on weekly basis.
5) Developed various ALV reports using Object Oriented concepts in MM, SD, LE, CO, HR and VIM Modules.
6. Project: Shell Lube 
	 Client / Company
	Shell / Accenture

	Project Duration
	October 2011 – December 2011

	Project Type
	SAP AMS


Client Description: 
Shell is a global group of energy and petrochemical companies with around 93,000 employees in more than 90 countries and territories. The parent company of the Shell group is Royal Dutch Shell plc, which is incorporated in England and Wales. 
Module: SD
1.Performance Tracking Report (Report)
2.Customer Master validation / Control Process(CR) .
3. Fix the Chinese language Translation issue and assist others in completing their object.

7. Project: BP ANZ FVC Global SAP Deployment
	Client / Company
	British Petroleum/ Accenture

	Project Duration
	October 2011 – December 2011

	Project Type
	SAP End to End Implementation


	Client Description: BP is one of the world's leading international oil and gas companies, providing its customers with fuel for transportation, energy for heat and light, retail services and petrochemicals products for everyday items and BP is driving greater efficiency, sustained momentum and business growth. BP operates with business activities and customers in more than 100 countries across six continents.

	Role Description: 
1.As a team member, the role is to coordinate with the clients to understand the functional specifications and develop the technical design for new objects and updated in the solution manager.
2. Based on the technical design, develop the ABAP objects with respective coding standards.
3. To get the change request form and enhance the ABAP objects in accordance to it
4. To test the ABAP objects and rectify any errors or issues faced with the ABAP developments
5. Prepared unit test cases 
6. Involved in analyzing & reviewing the code for ABAP objects 
7. Fixing defects and updated in HPQC.

Module: P2P objects

1. Electronic Invoice Report (New Development)
2. ERS Invoice Form (New Development)
3. Goods Issue Slip (New Development)
4. Set/Change status on supply purchase contracts (User Exits/ Enhancement point)
5. Goods Return Note (Change Request) 
6. Goods Receipt Note (Change Request) 


8. Project: Perfect Gears (Chennai) PVT Ltd
	Client /Company 
	 Perfect Gears / SFJ Consulting Pvt Ltd

	Duration
	July 2010 to December 2010 

	Project Type
	SAP End to End Implementation


FICO Module:

· Enhancements changes in customer due date report, Vendor due date report, Debit note printout.

SD Module:

· Created an ALV report for demonstrate Sales register details.

· Enhancements layout changes export excise invoice, packing list.

·  Enhance VA01/VA02 with screen exit to include the additional custom fields at header level.

MM Module:

· Created an ALV report for Purchase register details.
· Enhancement changes in physical stock report (PP Module).
· Enhancements layout changes Bought out PO, delivery note.

· Implemented BADI (BADI_MATERIAL_CHECK) for MM02.
9. Project: Numeric Power Systems Limited
	Client / Company
	 SAP N Power/ Numeric Power Systems Limited

	Duration
	August 2007 to June2010

	Project Type
	SAP AMS


FICO Module:
· Enhancement changes in customer A/C receivables aging report, balance sheet report
· Customize the standard program RFFOUS_C, include program FRFFORI99 & the layout F110_PRENUM_CHCK for automatic payment cheque printing for HDFC bank and SBM.

SD Module:

· Created an ALV report for demonstrate Order login details, Pending order report,

            Logistics MIS report, POD report with delivery status, credit control Invoice Details 
· Enhancement in PCB invoice layout, Branch invoice, Excise Invoice
 MM Module
· Created an ALV report for show Daily stock statement (MM)
· Enhancement in Domestic purchase order layout. (MM)
· Enhancement in Asset & Non-Stock Purchase Order(MM) Using dialog Program (Program:SAPLZMGD1,Screen NO: 2001) Additional Fields introduced in the Basic Data1 in Material Master for Barcode Requirement

CS Module

· Created an ALV report for exhibit customer details
· Create an interactive report to show batch stock details
· Created an ALV report for preventive maintenance details, Equipment master report.
· Designed a layout for stock transfer order invoice, pro forma invoice, Installation certificate for A4 Size. 

QM Module

· Created an ALV report for servo Inspection report, HED Inspection factory test report using Layout in QM Module.

Other Objects

· Modifying various standard programs based on functional requirements

· Developed Various BDC programs for data transfer from legacy System to SAP R/3 Environment
Apart for above Developments, participated in various modifications / changes in various developed reports, Smart Forms, Batch data communications, sap scripts, Module Pool.

· Using SAP Service Market Place, apply the OSS message and solve various issues and contributed to our team.
Personal Details

	Communication Address
	Permanent Address

	#58 Doctors Layout, 2nd  Floor,

Behind Reliance Fresh,

Whitefield Bangalore - 560066
	1.11, Manakadu,

 Konganapuram Edappady TK,

 Salem Dt,

Tamil Nadu (St),

 India-637102.


Father’s Name        :    K.Sengottaiyan

Date of Birth           :    14th November 1981.
Nationality              :    INDIAN 

Marital Status         :    Married
Passport No             :    H6489825
PAN No
   
     :    AZBPK9898E
Notice Period          :    90 days
Job type                   :    Permanent

State                        :   Tamil Nadu
Willing to relocate to anywhere: Yes
Profile Link: https://in.linkedin.com/pub/kannan-ks/36/778/2a
I, K.S.KANNAN do hereby confirm that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge.




SIGNATURE:  _________________


    Page 8 of 8

