









































Arunima Bose


Arunima Bose
Capgemini India Pvt. Ltd. 

Payroll/Admin/Generalist
Contact no: +91-8981312662

Email: basu.arunima1992@gmail.com
Career Objective

To secure a challenging position where I can effectively contribute my skills, and innovative ideas to gain knowledge in the work oriented environment.

Education:
	Examination
	Board/Council
	Year of passing
	Marks


	MBA
(HR+Pharma)
	V.U
	2015
	65%

	Graduation (B.sc Zoology Honours)
	CU
	2013
	53%

	Higher Secondary
	W.B.C.H.S.E
	2010
	84%

	Madhyamik
	W.B.B.S.E
	2008
	79%


Work Experience:
Company:  Capgemini India Pvt. Ltd. (Oct’2015 to Present)
Job Description:
Payroll & Benefit Administration :-

• Handling end to end payroll of 1500+ Employees which includes Executive, Management and International Assignee. End to end payroll processing which includes error-free payments of salaries, variable bonus, incentives, OT, loan and deductions as per statutory ,country specific legislations and taxes and client organization rules.

• Input preparation and updating the same in SAP system (PA) according to their Info-type and Wage-type 

• Maintain and updating business blue print. Closely working with technical team for New configuration.

• Full and Final calculation and New joiner calculation.

• End to end Pay register and Variance report Validation. Validation of all monthly statutory reports .Validation of Year End Reports. Providing data for month end audit.

• Tax Calculation and related advice to employee including verification of Proofs submitted by employee. Supervising Year end Income Tax Proof Collection activities.

Current Salary: 250000 CTC
Company:  Urmila RCP Projects Pvt. Ltd. (Nov’2014 to Oct’2015)
Job Description:

-Maintenance Attendance & office administration
-Arrangement of office meetings and note MOMs

-Maintain all the official registers
-Assist in payroll

-Recruitment Activities (Sourcing, Line up, Follow up & Co ordination with consultant)

-Joining formalities & Induction
-Assistance towards policy formulation and implementation

-ERP maintenance
-Leave Management and personal file preparation
-Employee engagement & Preparation of Training plan for the calendar year
-Developing L&D presentation

Project:

	Topic
	Company
	Duration

	Comprehensive Study on Compensation & Benefits
	Urmila RCP Projects Pvt. Ltd.
	2 Months


Recognition:
- Outstanding contribution in delivery for (Q4 in 2017)

- “Spot award” for December 2016
Technical Skills:
-Certificate course on Advance Excel (V LOOKUP, H LOOKUP, PIVOT TABLE)
-SAP-HCM (GPS & GV)
Personal Information
Father’s Name: Mr. Amit Bose

Date of Birth: 11.09.1992
Gender: Female
Hobbies: Reading Books

Address: 2, Sarat Chatterjee Lane, Konnagar Hooghly

I hereby declare that the information furnished by me is correct & in the best of my knowledge.
Date:
Place:                                                                   Signature
