














































Taniya Rizvi 
 
403, Shayda-E-Hind Chsl, Opp I.C. Church, I.C. Colony, Borivali (W), Mumbai- 400103  
Cell: 8953-654904| Email: rizvit86@gmail.com 

 
Career Objective 
 
An aspiring biotechnologist professional, seeking a challenging position to use my 
knowledge, skills, and abilities to the optimum level and at the same time gain exposure in 
the field of Biotechnology. 
 
Education 
 

Course Institute /Affiliating Board Year of Passing C.G.P.A / % 

B.Tech (Biotechnology) Amity University 2015 7.64 

I.S.C (12th) 
(PCB + Biotechnology) 

La Martinier Girl’s College 
(Lucknow) 

2010 79% 

I.C.S.E (10th) Unity College (Lucknow) 2008 81% 

 
Work Experience 
 
1. Worked with BioTrains as a Program Executive. 

Period: August 2017 - November 2017 (3 months) 
 
 Daily coordinating with the team for updates on events & conferences 
 Research on topics provided 
 Searching speakers from specified companies 
 Calling the speakers and inviting them for the events & conferences 

 
2. Worked with Masiha Medical Centre as a Relationship Officer. 

Period: August 2016 - July 2017 (12 months) 
 
 Maintaining relationship with the existing clients 
 Carrying out medical camps in association with other institution 
 Identifying new areas for business 
 Carrying out day to day operational work 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
Academic Projects 
 
Company : The Coca Cola company, Brindavan Bottlers Pvt. Ltd. 
Objective : Quality Control and  Manufacturing Practices in Carbonated and Non-

Carbonated Drinks 
Duration : 3 Months 
 
Company : King George’s Medical University (KGMU) 
Objective : Genetic Polymorphism of MTHFR Gene C677T in Breast Cancer 
Duration : 2 Months 
 
Company : Dr. Ram Manohar Lohia Institute Of Medical Sciences 
Objective : To Determine the specificity of Cancer Marker CA125 
Duration : 2 Months 
 
Technical Skills 

 
 Plant tissue culture techniques - Preparation of media, sterilization of explant 

 Microbial techniques - Media preparation, plating, staining of organism 

 Immunological techniques - ELISA, RIA 

 Molecular techniques - SDS- PAGE, AGE, Isolation of DNA 

 Chromatographic techniques - Paper chromatography, TLC, affinity 

chromatography 

 

Computer Skills 

 
 MS-Excel, MS-PowerPoint, MS-Word 
 C++, C Programming, Java 

 
Extra-Curricular 
 

 Volunteered and co-ordinated various events like the conference on women 
Empowerment in Biotechnology, Blood donations camp etc. 

 Participated in inter-college debate competition 
 Participated in college athletics (Relay race) 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
Personal Details 
 
Date of Birth : 15/05/1992 
Gender : Female 
Linguistic proficiency : English, Hindi, Urdu & Basics of German 
 
 
Declaration: 
 
I hereby declare that the above information is true and correct as per my knowledge and 
belief. 
 
Date:  
Place: Mumbai                                                                   
 
 
 
  
          

Taniya Rizvi 


