

















































	Sunistha
mondal
		44/28A Durgapur Lane Kolkata – 700027
	

	8013052545
	

	mondalsunistha@gmail.com
	

	
	






	
	Objective


To obtain a position that will utilize my skills and abilities for the growth of the organization and will also provide me with the opportunity for growth and advancement.
	
	Education



	EXAMINATION
	NAME OF THE INSTITUTE
	UNIVERSITY/ BOARD
	YEAR OF PASSING
	PERCENTAGE

	M.A in Dance
	Rabindra Bharati University
	Rabindra Bharati University
	2015
	64%

	B.sc in Zoology Honors
	Thakurpukur Vivekananda college 
	Calcutta University
	2012
	52.1%

	Higher Secondary
	Lake school for girls 
	West Bengal Council Of Higher Secondary Education
	2009
	80%

	Madhyamik
	New horizon high school 
	West Bengal Board Of Secondary Education
	2007
	74.5%





	
	Experience


Senior Practitioner| Concentrix
2015 Dec – Present

· Managing day to day backend requirements of the process (data entry) to maximize efficiencies by providing professional and proficient administrative support to the team. 
· Customer service executive - Address customer service inquiries in a timely and accurate fashion. 
· Providing floor support to the new executives. 



	
	SKILLS & Certifications



	· Completed training on Basic Corporate Etiquette and English Communication at TCS BPO.
·  Proficient with MS Word, MS Excel, and MS PowerPoint.
· Fluent with English, Bengali and Hindi.




	
	Achivements


· Recipient of the Best Star performer award from Concentrix. 
· Recipient of Senior National Scholarship in Dance from Ministry of Culture in the year 2013.
· Represented West Bengal in the National Cultural festival organized by Central Govt. of India.
· Recipient of Manmohan Ghosh Gold Medal from North American Bengali Conference.

	
	Hobbies & Activities



	· Participating and organizing cultural dance events.
· Actively involved with Bengal's Classical Dance form Gaudiya Nritya.
· Listening to music.
· Organising extracurricular activities every quarter at the process level in Concentrix.





2
