















































Nutan B Dumbre

Nutan Dinesh Korde
1/40, Mahalaxmi Housing Society,

Shivaji Nagar, Aslfa Village, 

Link Road, Ghatkopar-West

Mumbai: 400084

Mobile No: 9967459899

Email: nutan_dumbre1985@yahoo.co.in

Objective:

To build my carrier in a progressive organization in a leading position, that will provide me exciting opportunities to utilize my Accounting Skills and experience in such a way to add more value to the organization and to learn more about Accounts and Finance.

Profile:

Over Three Years of experience in accounts and Finance

Good exposure to Bank related works

Working Knowledge in Tally ERP 9.0, MS-Word, MS-Excel., E-mailing ect., 

Experience Summary: (Total 6 Years Experience) Detailed Below:-

· At present Working in Accounts Department at Mudra Lifestyle Ltd from Jan 2010.

·  Working as Account Assistant at Yuvak Fine Fab Ltd from the Jan 2008 To Jan 2010.
· Worked as a CPA Officer in ICICI BANK for 2 Year from Date Sep 2005 To Dec 2007.

· Worked as a Computer Operator in Effective Information Pvt Ltd for 1 Year From Aug 2004 To Aug 2005.

Education Qualification:

	Education 
	Institute
	Year of Passing
	Class

	T.Y.Bcom
	R. J. college of 

Commerce, Ghatkopar
	2006
	Pass

	HSC
	R.J.College of

Commerce, Ghatkopar
	2003
	II



	SSC
	Teresa High School, Ghatkopar
	2001
	I


Skills:

Accounts: Income Tax Related works like Calculation of TDS, Preparation of TDS Forms, Returns and Application of Rules and Principles in Day today Accounting etc.

Accounts Related Works like Data Entry, Ledger Reconciliation, Handling the Suppliers, Branch and Head Office Reconciliation, Preparation of Daily Cash And Bank Statement etc.
Knowledge of Bank related works like Monthly Stock Statement etc.

Experience Detail:

1]Company Name: Mudra Lifestyle Ltd (Textile Manufacturing Company)

     Role: Accounts Executive  (payment Department)
     Reporting to Manager – Accounts

     Responsibilities:

· Looking of Daily Transactions of Cash and Bank

· Handling the payment Department

· Handling the Subordinates and Co-Operation with other Department works

· Keeping the records of monthly salary of all workers

· Daily entries of vouchers such as Cash, Bank, Expense vouchers.

· Preparation of letter related to bank work 

2]Company Name:Yuvak Fine Fab Ltd (ISO -9000,Textile Manufacturing Company)

     Role: Accounts Executive

     Reporting to Manager – Accounts

     Responsibilities:

· Looking of Daily Transactions of Cash and Bank

· Updating Day today Accounting Transactions

· Handling Sales and Purchase Related Works

· Preparation and Submission of MIS Reports

· Handling the Subordinates and Co-Operation with other Department works

· Keeping the records of monthly salary of all workers

· Bank Reconciliation

· Daily entries of vouchers such as Cash, Bank, JV & Expense vouchers.

· Quarterly Filling E-TDS deductions and preparation of challans.

· Doing help to the manager in the time of finalization of account.

· Preparation of letter related to bank work 

· Issued of C Form To the party

3] Company Name: ICICI Bank (Personal Loan-STPL)

    Role: MIS Operator (C P A Officer)

    Reporting to Manager: Branch Manager & Credit Manager

    Responsibilities:

· Work on Excel (to Keep Data base) Accept the file, which come for the loan    application. Check the documents of the file, than process the logging this file in Excel Sheet, than do CPCS of this file.

· CPCS is the process on the enter –net where the check the credit performs of the applicant. Than do the filed verification of all application files. Than give report to the applicant. Call for personal Discussion.

4] Company Name: Effective Information Services Pvt Ltd.

     Role: Computer Operator

     Reporting To the Company Manager

     Responsibilities:

· Work on VBFMS (Visual Basic Field Monitoring System) for keeping the Records of the medical Representatives.

· Daily Voucher entries of Bank and Cash.

Personal Details:

Date OF Birth: 14/05/1985

Husband Name: Dinesh D Korde.

Marital Status: Married
Language: English, Hindi, Marathi

Date:                                                                                                                                       Place: Mumbai                                                                            Nutan D Korde
