


















































Name:      Vyshnavi Ambadipudi.
Address:   P.NO-29/A, F.NO: 301 KARKHANA, SECUNDERABAD, INDIA. 
E-Mail Id:  vyshnavi.ambadipudi27@gmail.com
Contact No:+919573493068.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

CAREER OBJECTIVE:

To acquire a position more suited to my skills and capabilities. I intend to pursue a deep rooted career in Information technology.

Endeavor to make the best use of my Skill sets/Potential to benefit the Organization.


Current Role:

As a TSR I provide IT Related support for WPP Employees Globally. Support includes Hardware and Corporate Network troubleshooting and configuration, Network related Issues, Network Printers, Application support & Outage Management.


IT SKILLS:

Reporting Tools: Service Now, Avaya CMS supervisor Operating Systems: Windows, MAC, Linux - RedHat

Applications: Cisco, Lan Desk, Sophos, IP Soft, Lotus Notes, Active Directory, VPN, O365, Server access and management, Remote Desktop tools, other OS based apps
Packages: MS-Office, Lotus Notes, Citrix


AREAS OF EXPOSURE:

Active Directory:
Create, Modify and Delete Objects on Active Directory.
Password resets, account unlocks, account validity extensions.
Managing Member Of AD groups.
Create, Modify and Delete Distribution Lists.
Create, Modify and Delete Security and Mail-enabled Security groups.


Windows:
Installing and Configuring Active Directory.
Group Policies.
Organizational units.


O365:
Application based support.
Provide support to desktop and mobile apps like Outlook, Excel, Power point, Word, Skype for Business ( aka LYNC )
Admin tasks like creating, modifying and deleting user accounts on O365 environment. Manage various tasks on O365 admin consoles.

CITRIX:

To facilitate secure access to applications and contents. 
Offer products for Windows, Macintosh and Linux platforms.

Installing software that allows the individuals of an enterprise to work and collaborate remotely Assisting clients access Media applications through web browsers.
regardless of device or network.

VPN:

Provide support to end users by granting and managing VPN access to enable remote access to Company’s systems.
Provide end to end support for users for all VPN related queries such as installing VPN clients, granting access, troubleshoot VPN login related issues.


OS& other Apps:

Provide end to end support to all OS apps such as IE, Network, mapping network drives, printers etc., Provide remote assistance with troubleshooting all OS related issues like slow PC, system crashes, boot login issues, blue screen issues etc.,
Installing applications and pushing latest updates or patches to an application remotely onto an end users’ PC.


Initiatives:
•Floor support for a current team of 35
•New Hire Trainings
•Ticket Analysis and RCA on aged tickets
•Took part in the R2L calls with the resolver groups.


EMPLOYMENT DETAILS:

Joined as a fresher at IBM India Pvt Limited through Walk In in the year January 2016.



ACHIEVEMENTS: 

I was awarded with a certificate in recognition of the meritorious work and turning out to be a strong competitor by topping the stack month on month in a very short span of time.

2 Awards (Shining star) were presented under the category of Bravo Awards in the year 2016-2017.

I was recognized in the IBM Manager’s Choice Awards for demonstrating IBM best practices at everyday work.

Nominated for Hall of Fame for the highest usage of Knowledge Base.


ACADEMIA:

Completed B.Tech in the field of Computer Science and Engineering from Holy Mary Institue of Technology and Science on the year 2015.

Passed Intermediate in first division with a percentage of 85%.

Passed SSC with a percentage of 80 %



