


















































VISHNU VARTHANAN.E
Mobile: +91-9791347227

Email: vishnu.coolguy94@gmail.com



Career Objectives:

Seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities in IT industry that offers professional growth while being resourceful, innovative and flexible.

Educational Qualifications

	Course
	Name of the Institution
	Board/University
	Year of passing
	%

	DEVOPS
	NIIT
	
	Pursing (6 Months)
	

	B.E Mech
	S.K.P Insititue of Technology, Thiruvannamalai
	Anna University
	2012-2016
	62%

	HSC
	MT St. Joseph Matriculation higher secondary school, Thiruvannamalai
	Matriculation
	2011-2012
	70%

	SSLC
	MT St. Joseph Matriculation higher secondary school, Thiruvannamalai
	State Board
	2009-2010
	74%



Workshops
· Robocar design workshop by robospecies
· Line follower robot design by robospecies

Co-curricular activities
· Attended national level symposium in Jawahar Engineering College,chennai
· Attended national level symposium in Saveetha Engineering College

Achievement
· Achieved prizes in symposium for AD-ZAP.

Personal Skills
· Always owed with “can-do spirit”.
· Decision-making leadership, acceptance of responsibility.
· Quick learner with good sense of humor.

Strength of Myself
· Hard worker.
· Capable to work independently.

Technical skills:

Programming Language:	C++, Java
Database:	H2 Console, Oracle
Operating system:	Windows
Web Designing:	HTML 5, CSS 3
Web Designing Frame work:	Bootstrap
Server side scripting Language:	PHP




PROJECT DETAILS
Mini Project
Team size: Four

Project : Design and Fabrication on seed Feeding

Final year project
Team size : Four
Project : Aerodynamic design analysis using for car

NIIT Project

Online e-commerce system
This system is a web based application which allows the user to take an online shopping. This Project, Online E-commerce and collaboration application was developed using HTML, CSS, JQUERY, AJAX, PHP, H2 console and BOOTSTRAP Framework for both Admin side & client side. In the Admin side, Post the new items, Admin suppose to see the auction, Admin offer his product who makes highest bidding at particular time and view client complains. In the client application, View the products; play in auction, post if any complains.

Work Experience
Sutherland Global Services (2016 Sep to 2017 Jan)
Work as Consultant on Sutherland global services in Non voice process
Chennai

PERSONAL DETAILS:
Name:	Vishnu Varthanan.E
Father Name:	Late Elumalai. A.S
Gender:	Male
Hobbies: 	Travelling
Languages Known:	Tamil, English, Telugu
Date of Birth:	26.06.1994

Declaration:

I hereby declare that the above information is true and correct to the best of my knowledge.


Place	:	Chennai
Date	:
E.Vishnu Varthanan



