

























































                               	CURRICULUM-VITAE
			


Vidhi Aggarwal				

Email Address: vidhi.agrwl18@gmail.com
Contact No: (+91) 9643117763


Career Objective:

I would like to work with that organization where I can utilize & further enhance my technical skills. I wish to accept the challenges related to the nature of my job and contribute in the overall development of the organization.


Professional Summary: 2 Years experience in iOS development.

· Experienced in iOS development

· Adept in analyzing information system needs, evaluating end-user requirements, custom designing solutions and troubleshooting.
· Well versed with iOS frameworks
· Worked on xib and auto layout to provide orientation support on iPad

Academic Qualification 


	Qualification
	Institute/university
	
Percentage

	B.Tech(CSE)
	Uttar Pradesh technical University, Lucknow
	70.00%

	Intermediate
	CBSE
	60.20%

	High School
	CBSE
	80.60%




Area of Expertise:




· Handling various technical aspects like coding of modules using the given design specifications, debugging and fixing the defects as well as analyzing its root cause.

· Ensuring the business requirements and functional specifications for the module coded by me are tested and fulfilled before the code is delivered for integration.

· Coordinating with team member for system design, integration etc.
Professional Experience




· Working in Crescerance India Pvt. Ltd. Noida as iOS mobile developer From September 2015 to Present.
Technical Skills:


	Programming Language
	:
	Objective C, Swift, C, Java.

	Development Environment 
	:
	Xcode

	Operating Systems
	:
	Windows XP/Windows vista/Windows 7/Android/ iOS

	Known Platform
	:
	Source tree, Git, Jira, TFS

	Others
	:
	JSON, XML






Project Details:


	Project:- 1st
	EMBR - link on App Store https://appsto.re/in/EtB_9.i

	Role
	iOS developer

	Responsibility
	Work on new features such as new layout, social integration, bottom bar navigation, split view controller, push and pop navigation swipe gesture as per business requirements using MVC pattern.
Do coding on database using core data and create methods to save and retrieve data as required


	Brief Description
	The goal of my project is to provide school and association easy tracking of their activities.





	Project:- 2st
	Nettech.

	Role
	Developer 

	Responsibility
	Create a network in virtual environment
Make a webpage in static





	Course & Personal Achievements: 



· Do computer networking and ethical hacking training for 25days from Nettech.
· Got 29698 rank in UPTU.
· AMCAT Certified.
· Won 2nd prize in ethical hacking quiz.
· Won 2nd prize in 100m race at holy child school.
· Won 3rd prize again for 100m race at holy child school.
· Awarded with medals, shields certificates as a constant performer at school level.





Personal Details:

Gender                             :   Female
Marital Status                  :   Unmarried
Permanent Address         :   Viddhi Tower, Mahagun Puram, Mehrauli , Ghaziabad
Areas of interests           :    watching TV, Dancing, cooking, learning new things
Languages Known          :    English, Hindi
