

















































PrabhakarResume

 	 	 

 	 	 

 	 	 

Prabhakar Menda 
: +91-8463965505 
: mendaprabhakar@gmail.com  
Professional Summary 
 
· Around 3 years of working experience in ABAP.  
· Extensively worked on ABAP with Object Oriented Programming.  
· Technical experience on Implementation and Support Areas in FS-PM insurance module of SAP R/3.  
· Strong knowledge on Data Dictionary objects like Tables, Views, Structures, Table maintenance. 
· Experience in generation of Reports (Classical, Interactive, ALV and OOP’s ALV).  
· Interfaces:  BAPI’s, RFC’s for interface between SAP and other systems. 
· 	Used the Modularization Techniques.  
· Debugging techniques –  Break Points – Experience to debug SAP Std. Programs.   
· Involved in Design, development, optimization and maintenance of Business Objects. 
 
Technical Skills 
 
	SAP 
	SAP ABAP and OOABAP 

	Operating Systems 
	Windows 


 
 
 
Functional Skills 
 
· Worked on FS-PM (SAP Insurance) and FS-CD (SAP Collections & Disbursements) modules.
 
Trainings 
 
· Attended FS-PM (SAP Insurance) module training provided by SAP Labs Germany. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Professional Experience 
 
 
Client:  	Medibank Private Limited, Melbourne, Australia 
Role:  	FSPM consultant 
Duration: 	April 2015 to till date 
 
Description: Medibank is a leading private health insurer, with 40 years of experience delivering better health to Australians. Medibank look after the health cover needs of more than 3.7 million customers through our Medibank and ahm brands, and distribute travel, life and pet insurance. In addition, Medibank provides a range of health services in Australia including mental health support, preventative and better integrated primary care, after-hours health support, and healthcare for the 60,000 permanent and 20,000 reservist uniformed Australian Defence Force personnel. Medibank has helped customers and the community live healthier and happier lives. 
 
Responsibilities: 
 
· Understanding the functional specifications and Preparing the Technical Specifications.   
· Developed the few reports using ALV’s.  
· Interacting with the functional team to resolve the Production issues.   
· Developed a Report that generates the DPT for all the production policies which runs as a batch job daily and fixes the policies.  
· Developed a report to reprocess SMQ1 queues which is scheduled as a batch job to run every 2hrs and makes the system smooth.  
· Worked on DPT and payment related issues.   
· Troubleshooting Reversed and multiple Contract issues. 
· Root cause identification for Simulation errors and dump issues in QUO while calling RFC.  
· Ex-gratia issues in two scenarios   
1. Could not apply Ex Gratia  
2. Ex-gratia applied but DPT not updated  
· AGR (Australian Government Rebate given to the person who are the citizens of Australia who are above 30 years of age) related issues and Policy reinstating issues.   
· Update run failures in PM (while updating the policy for current date, the policy will not be executed due to the simulation errors).   
· ICCR - Close Policy and Refund issues   
· Worked on the FSPM areas like DPT (Date Paid To), LHC issues related to Removal date and CRM sync issues. 
· Payment and Postings issues where CD postings are not in sync with PM.
· Backdated cover changes for the policy and Policy suspension issues. 
 
Career Profile 
 
	Duration 
	Organization 
	Designation 

	From 
	To 
	
	

	Feb 2015 
	Till Date 
	IBM India Pvt Ltd, Hyderabad 
	Associate System Engineer 


 
 
Academic Qualifications 
 
	S.No 
	Degree 
	Branch 
	Year of Passing 
	Name of the College 
	Name of the University 
	Percentage  

	1 
	B.Tech 
	Electrical and 
Electronics 
Engineering 
	2013 
	Gandhi 
Institute of 
Technology 
	GITAM 
UNIVERSITY, Visakhapatnam 
	8.0

	2 
	Intermediate Education 
	MPC 
	2009 
	Sri Chaitanya Junior College 
	Board of 
Intermediate 
Education, AP 
	94

	3 
	SSC 
	High School Education 
	2007 
	Gayathri Model School 
	Board of 
Secondary 
Education, AP 
	93 


 
 
 
Personal Details 
 
	Date of Birth 
	05-September-1992 

	Languages known 
	English, Hindi, Telugu 

	Sex 
	Male 

	Marital Status 
	Single 

	Contact Number 
	+91-8463965505 


 
 
Declaration: 
 
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge. 
 
Date:                                                                                                  	(Prabhakar Menda) 



