











































PRIYANGA SUBRAMANIYAM
Priyakanagu112@gmail.com
Contact No: +91 9976146565
SELF-REFLECTION

· 3.2 years experience in Telecom Domain, SQL Server (2.4 years in offshore and 10 months in Onsite).
· Excellent in analytical, communication skill and direct interaction with UK clients on requirement gathering and to discuss about the current issues and the future enhancements.
· Proactive, a good team builder, creative, hardworking and to work strategically with dedication towards the attainment of the Organization goals.
· Strong in project understanding and business understanding and encompassing with technical as well as business process and mapping the same to each other.
OBJECTIVE

· Looking for a professional and friendly environment where I can maximize my contribution with the SQL experience which I have learned in the past 3.2 years. I would like the opportunity to work directly with UK or US clients. If I get an Opportunity to gain deep understanding of any new technologies that is also great.
TECHNICAL SUMMARY

	Skill Type
	Level

	SQL Server 2005 and 2008
	Expert

	PL/SQL
	Expert

	Oracle
	Expert

	MS Office
	Expert



ACHIEVEMENTS / AWARDS (Professional)

· “BRAVO award and SPOT award” (Year 2013-2016) from Techmahindra stating that Quick Learner and Critical resource in Team and for the contribution to achieve business objectives.
· “Best Team Award” from Tech Mahindra for good team work.
· Completed internal certification of application support level1 and UNIX fundamentals.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

· Company                           : Tech Mahindra Pune, Maharashtra.
· Duration		       	: June 2013 to sep 2016
· Designation		: Associate Software Engineer
· Nature of Business             : Telecom IT Services
· Client		               :TalkTalk



PROJECT EXPERIENCE


Talk Talk Ltd. UK
	
	Client
	TalkTalk Ltd.

	Description
	Treatment, UK
Talk Talk is Telecom project and it is Reseller of BT. There are several products like MPF, SMPF, WLR and IPS. TalkTalk will have no billing relationship with the end customer and support calls will come from the reseller on behalf of the end customer. 
The wholesale reseller will perform data capture of orders and will have the relationship with the end customer. DPS accepts the orders and performs the following services:
1) Interface with BT to provision their network.
2) Also updates the Reseller with details which are tailor made for different reseller requirements at different stages during provisioning the Order.
3) Update customers of the status of their orders at different stages during provisioning.

	Team Size
	50

	Responsibility
	Replication Database:
· Check BT data with TalkTalk System to confirm both the system are in sync, analyze and fix the bugs.
· The first point of contact for the customer and co-ordinate between customer and Operations team.
· Analyze the Data issue, find the root cause and raise it to 3rd line for bug fix.
· Plan the deployment and involve in the deployment of the fix provided.
· Knowledge transfer and initial set up for ASG second line support.
· Monthly data management and report generation.
· Driving improvements in areas - incident reduction and performance.
· Support team members to gain telecom knowledge and work in live environment




TRAINING

· TechMahindra Initial Training Program on UNIX basics and shell scripting, C programming, DBMS Concepts, Software Engineering concepts, SQL & PL/SQL, Core Java, Advance Java, VV&T (Verification, Validation & Testing) Concepts and Behavioral (Team Building, Communication, Listening, Voice and accent) training.

· I’ve also under gone for internal “ITIL V3 - 2011 – Foundation” training.

· I have also under gone for internal “Excel-2010” Advance training.



EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION

	Course
	Institute & University
	Performance

	Year of passing


	B.SC(Computer Science)
	Nandha Arts and Sceince College, Erode, Tamilnadu
	     88 %
	2013

	HSC
	T.A.M.M Hr.Sec.School,Tamilnadu
	     79%
	2010

	SSLC
	T.A.M.M Hr.Sec.School,Tamilnadu 
	     85 %
	2008





PERSONAL DATA:
Gender		 	: Female
Date of Birth		: 5th June, 1993
Permanent Address	: D/o Subramaniyam,
  Nathakkatuvalasu, N.K.Valasu (p.o),  
  	  Kangayam (via), Tiruppur (DT)-638701,
  	  Tamilnadu
Current Address		:  Kottamuthu Gounder Thottam,
			  R Ponnapuram, Mahalinga Puram (p.o),
			  Pollachi-642002, Coimbatore, Tamilnadu,
Languages Known	: English, Tamil

I, S.Priyanga do hereby confirm that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge.



Date:																							Signature
Place:																						              (S.Priyanga)			
