













































Educational qualifications


 

 G-103 Shrinand city 5, new maninagar, near baroda surat express highway,  Ramol 
Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India, 382449.  

Akash Patel 
Male, Indian, 24 

 
 

BE(Electronics  & Communication) 
ecakash11@gami.com 
Voice: +91 7878141211 

 

 
To work in a healthy, innovative and challenging environment with better plan that can extract the best out of me, thereby directing 

my future endeavors as an asset of the organization. 
 

 
2016 B.E. (EC) Narnarayana institute of Technology, Jetalpur 6.7 CGPA 

2013 Diploma(EC) D.A. Diploma Engineering and Technology,Mahemdavad 8.4 CGPA 

2008 SSC – Gujarat Education Board (X) Kadi vidhalaya, Kadi 65% 

 

 

 ACHIEVEMENTS / ACTIVITIES 

 
Academic Achievements 

 
 Participated in state level Circuit Simulation event held by NSIT College Jetalpur. 

 Participated in a national level Robo event held by Nirma University. 
 Participated in a state level volleyball competition in 2008. 

 

  

 Networking – Routing & switching protocols 
     (IPv4, IPv6, RIP, OSPF, EIGRP, DHCP, DNS, VLAN, STP, TRUNKING) 

 MS Office,CCNA. 
 

 

Diploma Project - GSM base notice board 

Now a day’s every advertisement is displayed in digital moving display. But in these displays if they wants to change the 

message or style they have to go there and connect the display to PC or laptop. Suppose the same message if the person wants to 

display in main centers of the cities means he have to go there with  laptop and change the message by connecting into PC. So we 

are designing a new display system which can access remotely, we are using the GSM technology to make the communication 

between microcontroller and mobile. 

 

Degree Project - Pneumatic Thrill jacket for Action game 

A game is a system in which players engage in an artificial conflict, defined by rules, that result in a quantifiable outcome A 

game is structured playing, usually undertaken for enjoyment and sometimes used as an educational tool. This jacket helps you to 

feel game. In action game you can feel live games like vice city and any action game. You can literally fell action of any game by this 

jacket. To make a new revolution in gaming world. A virtual reality combat jacket that allows computer game players to feel their on- 

screen characters being shot and punched. 

 

 

Nov 2016 – February 2017 - Service Engineer  
              You Broadband India Ltd. Vadodara. 

 
 Configuration of routers 

 Network troubleshooting and Management 
 
Mar 2017 – Till Date - Network Engineer 

   Honeywell Automation India Ltd. (Compu InfoTech Consultancy Payroll). 
   At Indian Institute of Technology Gandhinagar. 

 
 Network Troubleshooting And Proactive maintenance of network devices like Cisco routers and switches to keep                                                                                            

network up and running for maximum purpose. 
 Configuration TFTP Auto backup Schedule of Cisco switches, router and other Cisco devices using Auto backup script. 

 Overlooking and Management of Cisco VoIP services like,  
Cisco Unified Manager,  
Cisco Unity Connection, 

Cisco Unified CM IM and Presence Server. 
 Looking for maintenance Activity of Building Management system, Access, Fire, CCTV system. 

 Worked on Honeywell’s EBI software R430.1. 
 

 

 

Language Proficiency: English, Hindi, Gujarati. 
Interest: Playing Sports, Travelling, Interacting and Networking with People. 

CAREER OBJECTIVE 

ACADEMIC BACKGROUND 

IT TOOLS AWARENESS/TECHNICAL SKILLS 

 PROJECTS UNDERTAKEN 

Experience  

OTHER INFORMATION 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Play_(activity)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Enjoyment
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Education

