






































K


RESUME

V.SESHADHRI

Mobile : 9940679133

E mail  :wowseshu@gmail.com

OBJECTIVE: 

To secure a challenging position in a well-established organization that
utilizes my skills, provides the opportunity to learn, improve competencies and
enable me to make a positive contribution to the organization.
           
ACADEMIC PROFILE:

 B. Com, Madras University, Apr 2007
 12th (Tamil Nadu State Board), Sri Ahobila Math Oriental Hr.

Secondary School 
 10th (Tamil Nadu State Board), Sri Ahobila Math Oriental Hr.

Secondary School 

Computer Skills: 
MS  Ofce,  Word,  Power  point  &  Tally  7.2,  Navision  (ERP  from

Microsoft),Pronto xi

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Company – Accenture Solutions Pvt.Ltd

Current  Designation:  Financial  Acct  Advisory  Senior  Analyst

(Team Lead)

Duration: Feb 2016 to till date

              Profle in R2R

 Handling  GL  /  Fixed assets  /  Clearing  account  /  Inter-company
teams 

 Driving  periodic  Governance  with  the  Customers  showcasing
SLA’s & KPI’s

 Reviewing the B/S reconciliation and advice on P&L Benefts to
Business

 Handled  creation  and  changes  of  cost  centers  and  Chart  of
accounts for reporting purpose to stake holders.

 Handling  G/L  Team  performing  B/S  accounts,  Inter-company,
Banks  and  sub-  ledger  Reconciliations,  Revaluations,  Period
closing activities and processing journal entries

 Specialized in HFM mapping & reporting. 
 Fixed Assets reconcile and reporting of acquisitions, transfers, 

disposals & adjustments.

 Performing  Prepayments  &  Accruals  for  Rent,  Insurance,
Electricity, Maintenance and Service Charges.

 Performing Stock revaluation and Calculating Stock Provision and
passing journal entries.



 Performing Monthly P&L review with Client to provide explanation
for variances to budget/forecast comparing prior month to current
month.

 Capitalization,  maintenance,  allocation  of  depreciation  towards
Fixed Assets.

 Prepare Balance sheet reconciliations and highlight the potential 
risks or opportunities and providing status of accounts.

Company – Accenture Solutions Pvt.Ltd ( As a contract resource )

Designation: Process Analyst

Duration: July 2009 – Feb 2016

              Profle in Order to cash & cash Application

 Setting up of contracts & Contracts amendments

 Raising  Manual  invoices  &  Checking  System  generated
invoices/credits

 Conducting Huddles and Allocation of Work

 Handling Escalations and fxing up the controls in place

 Conducting Status call on a regular intervals and building client
relationship

 Submitting Data to the client and management with the accurate 

information on time.

Company – ISS Integrated Facility services Private Ltd

Designation: Accounts Assistant

Duration: May 2007 to May 2009

Profile in Finanniianil Aiionniina

  Guest House Management

 Reimbursement Revenue Booking

 Payment ofcer

 Reconciliation of Ledger Accounts

 Cash Management

ACHIEVEMENTS

 Successful implementation of shortcut keys tool to reduce the 
processing time for sending emails.

PERSONAL INFORMATION: 



Father’s Name :  S. Venkatachari
Date of Birth :  16th Dec 1986
Languages Known :  English and Tamil & Sanskrit
Permanent address         : No.5/3, Sabapathi Street, Ullagaram Chennai 
-600091.
Marital Status                  :  Married
         
DECLARATION: 
          I hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of my 
knowledge. 
  
  Place:
  Date: (Seshadhri.V)


