















































CURRICULUM VITAE 
 

Dr. Krushna Jagannath Kshirasagar 
 

Address - A/P: Jopul, Tal- Dindori, Dist-Nashik (M.S) 

E-mail - krushna19@gmail.com 

Contact - +91-9130360433 

Local Address – 94/3, Moraya Niwas, Kokate Lane, pashan, Pune-411021  
 

Career Objective  
To seek challenging assignment and responsibility, with an opportunity for growth and career 

advancement as successful achievements. 

Educational Profiles  

Ph.D. (Chemistry) : (July-2017) 

Specialization : Physical Chemistry. 

PhD thesis title- :  Soft  Template  Assisted  Synthesis  of  Palladium  Doped  Polyaniline 

 Nanostructures for Catalytic Applications 

Institute : Department of Chemistry, Savitribai Phule Pune University 

Qualified PhD Entrance Test (PET) Conducted by Savitribai Phule Pune University 

Year : December 2011 

M. Sc.  

Specialization : Analytical Chemistry. 

Year : July 2010 

Percentage : 61.80% (First class) 

Institute : Department of Chemistry, University of Pune 

University : University of Pune. 

B. Sc.  

Specialization : Chemistry. 

Year : July 2008 

Percentage : 87.21% (First Class with Dist.) 

College : K.K.Wagh arts, science and commerce College, Pimpalgaon (Baswant) 

University : University of Pune 

H.S.C.  

Year : March 2005 

Percentage : 62.67 %( First Class) 

Branch : Science 

College : K.K.Wagh Arts, science and Commerce College, Pimpalgaon (Baswant) 

Board : Maharashtra state Board 



 
 
 

S.S.C.  

Year  : March 2003 

Percentage : 70.93% (First Class) 

School : Janta Vidyalaya Pimpalgaon (Baswant) 

Board : Maharashtra state Board 

 

Research interest 
 

Template based synthesis methods of nanostructured materials 
 

Soft template such swollen hexagonal liquid crystalline mesophases were used for 

synthesis of metal nanoparticles and polymers of controlled size and morophology. 
 

Catalysis 
 

Explore the catalytic activity of palladium and platinum nanoparticles of different 

morphology in various reactions 
 

Conductiong polymer-metal nanocomposites 
 

Synthesis of 1D polyaniline-palldium metal nanocomposites in the confinement of swollen 

hexagaonl liquid cryatalline mesophases and study their various applications in catalysis, 

electrocatalysis, sensors, as a antibacterial agents, used for enzyme immobilization 
 

Prize and honours 
 

Best poster presentation award in National Symposium of radiation and Photochemisttry 

(NSRP-2015) at IIT Kanpur 
 

Fellowship 
 

Working as project assistant on UGC-DAE CSR Kolkata Centre sponsored project entitled 

“Development of Surfactant Based Templates for Fabrication of Polymeric Nanostructured 

materials” since April-2014 
 

Research topic 
 

Synthesis of 1D polyaniline nanowires and palladium doped polyaniline nanowires in 

swollen hexagonal liquid crystalline mesophases using radiation chemical technique, its 

analysis using sophisticated analytical techniques and their application in the reduction of 

organic pollutants such as Methylene Blue and 4-Nitrophenol and reduction of inorganic 

pollutants such as Cr(VI) to Cr(III) 

       Work Experience 

 

 1) Working as Scientific Writer in Research and Analysis Division of Springer Nature 

Technology and Publishing Services, Pune since August 2017 

 

   2) Worked as Lecturer in Zeal Education Society’s Dnyanganga College of Engineering 

and Research, Pune from November 2011 to April 2014 

 



  3) Worked as Lecturer in Padmbhooshan Vasantdada Patil Insitute of Technology-Pune 

from August 2010 to November 2011 

 

List of Research Publications 

 

International Publications 
 

1. Facile Synthesis of Palladium Nanoparticle Doped Polyaniline Nanowires in Soft 

Templates for Catalytic Applications; 
 

Krushna J Kshirasagar, Uddhav S. Markad, Abhijit Saha, Kiran Kumar K Sharma, Geeta 

K. Sharma, Material research express, 4(2), 2017 
 

2. Photo enhanced detoxification of chromium (VI) by formic acid using 3D palladium 

nanocatalyst; 
 

Uddhav S. Markad, Ajit M. Kalekar, Devidas B. Naik. Kiran Kumar K. Sharma, Krushna 

J. Kshirasagar, Geeta K. Sharma, Journal of Photochemistry and Photobiology A: 

Chemistry, 338, 2017, 115-122 
 

3. Controlling the diameter of Palladium-polyaniline nanofibers by adjusting the volume 

ratio of oil over water in swollen hexagonal liquid crystalline mesophase. 
  

Papers presented in International/National conference 
 

1. Poster presentation in National conference National symposium on radiation and 

photochemistry at IIT Kanpur (NSRP-2015) 
 

Title of Poster-Synthesis of metal polyaniline composite for catalytic applications 

(Awarded with best poster presentation) 
 

Krushna Kshirasagar, Abhijit Saha, Geeta k. Sharma 
 

2. Poster presentation in international conference Trombay symposium on radiation and 

photochemistry- at BARC Mumbai (TSRP-APSRC-20016) 
 

Title of Poster- Synthesis of Pd/ Pt-polyaniline nanocomposite for dye degradation 

Krushna Kshirasagar, Abhijit Saha, Geeta k. Sharma 

 

3. Poster presentation in international workshop Pune University workshop on radiation 

and Photochemistry-2016 at Savitribai Phule Pune University (PUWORP-2016) 
 

Title of Poster- Enhance catalytic activity of Pd-polyaniline nanocomposites for chromium 

reduction.  
Krushna Kshirasagar, Abhijit Saha, Geeta k. Sharma  
4. Poster presentation in National conference National symposium on radiation and 

photochemistry at Manipal University, Karnataka (NSRP-2017) 
 

Title of Poster- Catalytic applications of palladium doped polyaniline in reduction of 

Cr(VI) to Cr(III).  
Krushna Kshirasagar, Abhijit Saha, Geeta k. Sharma. 

 

Personal profile 
 

Name 
 

Date of Birth 



 
Permanent Address 

 

State 
 

Marital Status 

 
: Mr. Krushna Jagannath Kshirasagar 
 

: 19 August 1987 
 
: A/P – Jopul, Tal-Dindori, Dist-Nasik 
 

Pin Code-422209 
 
: Maharashtra 
 
: Single 

 
Languages Spoken : English, Hindi and Marathi 

 

References 

 

Dr. Geeta K. Sharma Dr. Kirankumar K. Sharma Prof. Avinash S. Kumhar 

Assistant Professor, Deputy Director, Professor, Inorganic Chemistry 

Physical Chemistry, School of Nanoscience and Department of Chemistry, 

Department of Chemistry, Nanotechnology, Savitribai  Phule  Pune  University, 

Savitribai Phule Pune University, Shivaji University, Kolhapur - Pune-411007 

Pune-411007 416004 Email:askum@chem.unipune.ac.in 

Email:geetas@chem.unipune.ac.in Email: kk_sarma@hotmail.com  

 

Particulars given above are true and correct to the best of my knowledge. 
 

 

Yours Sincerely 
 

 

Place: Pune (Krushna J. kshirasagar) 


