










































SONAM SINGH RAJ 
GAUR CITY – 2, 11th Avenue, Flat No. 587 Sector 16C, West Greater Noida, UP – 201307 

soma.sonam@yahoo.com 

+91 83 7505 3064 

 

 
A position with a financial role in a challenging environment where I can utilize my knowledge and experience to grow with the 
organization. 
 
Executive Summary 

 

➢ Currently working with Ebix Software India Pvt. Ltd. as a Account Associate till now. 

➢ Earlier worked with Capgemini India Pvt. Ltd. as a Process Associate. 

➢ Experience in General Accounting Reconciliation (GL R2R) process (Non Voice). 

➢ Professional with experience in Financial Analysis / Research / end to end General Ledger / Record to 

Report/General accounting / Month end closing. 

➢ A team player with ability to understand concept quickly. 

 

 

 

Work Experience: 

 

 
 
Ebix Software India Pvt. Ltd. 
 

▪ Period: 14th March –Present 
▪ Employment nature: Full-time 
▪ Current designation: Account associate 

 
 
      Details of Processes worked with:  
      
       Process name: E.H.A.E (Ebix Health Administration Exchange) 
 

  JOB PROFILE- 

 

➢ Reconcile ACH returns ,Refund and Credit card Decline. Investigate on chargeback and return the money if required. 
➢ Clears outstanding reconciliation items within two months if any, Maintains accurate and high level of efficiency within the 

department 

➢ Prepares/enters journal entries and submits for review. 
➢ Perform Quality Audit for the team Members  
➢ Preparing special payment form to adjust claim money and Matching of transaction from bank side and notified-cash side 

to make GL balance. 
➢ For investigation purpose we are using its own software like Ebix Enterprise and Alpha.  
➢ Validation and review of GL accounts and contents 
➢ Prepare monthly/quarterly/annual reports 
➢ Prepare statutory reporting and validation, Balance Sheet reconciliations 
➢ Handle and coordinate with the onshore team on queries and other Request raised. 
➢ Implement and maintain accounting internal controls. 
➢ Handles the tasks of preparing accurate details of monthly suppliers as well as intercompany accounts payable 

reconciliation statements 
➢ Coordinate the operational trainings according to the needs of the business process and the new team members 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 



Capgemini India Pvt. Ltd. 
 

▪ Period: 13th October 2014-19th October 2016 
▪ Employment nature: Full-time 
▪ Current designation: Process Associate 

 

Details of Processes worked with:  
 

Process name: Royal Bank of Canada (RBC) 
 

JOB PROFILE –  

 
➢ Working for a Canadian Bank (RBC). 
➢ Preparing reconciliation (balancing & correction) as a daily deliverables and making sure SLA (TAT & Quality) is met on a 

daily basis. 

➢ Work profile is do quality check for Proof suspense and Adjustment#3. 
➢ Processing the Journal entries as per reports and mails received from our Client teams. 

➢ Investigating the outstanding items lying in GL through the information available in entries.  
➢ Navigating through more than 9 applications like People Soft, Siebel, Sales Platform, IRIS etc for investigation of 

transactions. 
➢ Passing the offsetting entries to required GL’s or either in Client’s a/c. 
➢ Investigating the outstanding items lying in GL through the information available for Million dollars entries and provide 

assistance to the team when required. 

➢ Meeting the Quality Standards of the process i.e. 99.5%. 
➢ Working with teammates to ensure that appropriate reconciliation reports are identified and produced. 

➢ Update SOP’s as needed 

➢ Doing the allocation on the basis of defined priorities like million dollar entries. 

➢ Cascade the updates to the team in the team meetings and present a presentation over quality after every month end.  

➢ Communicating with branches & other service partners through mail for queries. 

➢ Collating the data of allocation sheet done by team. 

➢ Impacting the client by debiting and crediting their accounts. 

➢ Provide the floor support to new joiners as and when required and also take the class room trainings 

➢ Investigate whether client’s bank account is debited or not by viewing Client Account in Transaction History, if not debited 

then Communicate with branch to debit the client account of that much amount. 

➢ Pass journal entries by debiting and crediting GL to clear GL account. 

➢ Ensure timely actions are taken on every transaction and follow-up on pending item. 

NOTABLE ATTAINMENTS 

 
➢ Accredited with Star performer (PAT ON THE BACK) award for tremendous contribution towards the financial year end 

closing for RBC process. 

➢ Got good rating EE (exceeds Expectation) for yearly performance appraisal. 

➢ Received letter of appreciation for handling complex accounts. 

➢ Received Monthly Rewards points for topping the production. 

➢ Appreciation mail receive from Team Lead and Manager for getting 100% performance as per meeting the quality 

standards 

 

COMPUTER PROFICIENCY  

 
➢ Windows 2000 / XP / 7 

➢ Proficiency in MS Word / MS Excel / PowerPoint / Outlook / Internet. 

➢ Basic and Advanced MS-Excel 

➢ Using Excel Formulae like Sum, Average, and Count. Using Various Functions like LOOKUP, VLOOKUP, AND, OR, NOT. 

Sorting and Filtering Data, Making Pivot Table, Macros. 

 

 
 

 

 



EDUCATIONAL CREDENTIALS 

 

 

 

PERSONAL DETAILS 

 
Name                                              Sonam Singh Raj 

Father’s Name                                 Mr. Raj Kumar Singh 

Date of Birth                         December 14th, 1991 

Languages Known                         English and Hindi 

Gender    Female 

Marital Status   Single 

Nationality    Indian 

Hobbies    Internet Surfing, Dancing, Listening Music. 

 

DECLARATION 

 
I, Sonam Singh Raj, confirm that the information provided by me is true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 

Date : 
Place :                            (Sonam Singh Raj) 

 

Course Board / University Institution Year of passing 

MBA UPTU           ITS, GHAZIABAD 2014 

B.COM Dr. B. R. Ambedkar University           IIMT, ALIGARH 2012 

H.S.C. CBSE 
ZAKIR HUSAIN MODEL SR.SEC 

SCHOOL ALIGARH 
2009 

S.S.C. CBSE I.I.E.S ALIGARH 2007 


