














































 

 

Kiran Kumar Y B 

Executive HR 

 
Cellular No. 7760317503                                                               Sampige Road, 

Kirankumaryb.k@gmail.com                                                       Kuvempunagar, Mysore.  

                                                                                                          Karnataka-570023.                                                                                                                                                                                                                

                                                                                                     

 A professional with 4 years of experience in providing assistance to 

the overall business growth functions. A team player attentive to 

details, with strong communication skills to interact with people of 

all levels and roles. Enthusiastic, creative, and willing to assume 

increased responsibility. Confident in creating value for the 

business, fulfilling organizational goals and professional passion.  

Work Experience     Job Profile                                                                   May’17 – April’18 

MAS Furniture - Executive HR  

Roles and Responsibilities: 

 Payroll Management, processing of payroll for all the employees 

and managing biometric, employee attendance, leaves, full and 

final settlements, updating statutory reports etc,. 

 Contract labour management.  

 Recruitment - Coordinating with team members in short listing of 

candidates. Joining Formalities- new joinees UAN and ESI ID 

number creation (Appointment Letter, Forms Filling, Mail ID 

creation, Bank account opening, ID card creation, Personal Details 

update). Ensuring that all the associates submit relevant documents 

at the time of joining. 

 Filing of PF and ESI returns and visiting Statutory offices for 

submission of documents (If any). 

 Updating employee database and individual personal files. 

maintaining all the reports & records with utmost confidentiality. 

 Handling employee grievance with respect to salary, PF, ESIC, 

attendance, admin and helping employees to solve work related 

queries. Payslip creation and issue, salary cheque distribution. 

 Conducting and coordinating for Performance appraisal, Internal 

audit and safety audit - evacuation drills, and helping the safety 

officer in implementing work floor safety. Coordinating with team 

members for filing of quarterly, half yearly and annual returns. 

 Hazardous and domestic waste handling and segregation. 



 

 

 

 

 Interact and coordinate with the legal advisor (IR) as and when it is 

required to get necessary document. 

 Facilitating committee meetings (Safety, works, grievance 

committee) and quality circle meetings.  

 Playing an active role in conducting and coordinating for employee 

engagement activities. 

 End to end exit process - exit interview, statutory clearance & FnF. 

 Vendor management (Insurance, Stationary, hazard & domestic 

waste handler etc.,). 

 Working closely with the management and team members for 

successful implementation of company policies.  

 

Previous Experience: Elicription Pvt. Ltd.                                                 May’16 to May’17 

         HR Executive 

                                   

Span Outsourcing Pvt. Ltd.                                        May’15 – Apr’16 

HR Support Executive    

 

Educational Profile: M.B.A., Human Resource - 2013  

  VIDYAVARDHAKA COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING, Mysore, 

Karnataka. 

 Bachelor of Business Management, BBM - 2011 

 VIDYAVARDHAKA FIRST GRADE COLLEGE, Mysore, 

 Karnataka. 

 Pre-University - 2008 

 SREE CAUVERY PU COLLEGE, Mysore, Karnataka. 

 Matriculation - 2006 

 SREE CAUVREY HIGH SCHOOL, Mysore, Karnataka. 

 

Computer Skills Proficient in MS Excel, Word and Power point. 

   

Personal Details      D.O.B                       -  24/4/1990 

Father’s name         - Balakrishna Gowda 

Language Known  - Kannada, English, Hindi 

(Kiran Kumar Y.B) 


