












































CV Template


Aeron Franco
Infosys Limited
Email: aeron2588@gmail.com, Phone: +91 9739353862
Objective

Seeking a challenging and responsible job in your esteemed organization, which could utilize my skills, I am in pursuit of acquiring all the competencies for a complete career. Willing to work on challenging missions and critical tasks, which offers potential growth and development through the spirit of teamwork.
Experience Summary 
Currently working with Infosys Ltd under the pay roll of Infosys BPO Ltd from May 10th  2010 till date as Application Support Executive-Supporting in house applications developed by Infosys Technologies using Java and SQL queries.

The details of the various assignments that I have handled are listed here, in chronological order.
Projects Summary:
Project 1:
	Project
	Performagic(Appraisal system of Infosys)

	Client
	Infosys Limited .

	Duration
	May 10th  2010 to till date

	Database
	SQL Server 2005

	Description
	PerformagicSystem is a web-based Platform. This platform is for effective and efficient, appraisal management. The main motive of this project is to handle Infosys appraisal system. 

	Role
	Application Support SPOC

	Responsibilities
	As a Team member, responsible for

· Managing a team of 2 members for the L2 application support 

· Inbound and Outbound calls to users (Infosys Employees)


Project 2:
	Project
	ILITE+ Enabled with SAP (SAP HR module)

	Client
	Infosys Limited 

	Duration
	May 10th  2010 to till date

	Database
	SAP (6.0 version)  

	Description
	· Personalized learning – adaptable to suit individual requirements and learning strategies.
· Integration with ERP systems

· Authoring tools for creating content and structures, Flexible approach in creating schedule (Time blocks), Planning for Course ( Multiple schedules)

· Workflow based Approval Processes

· Compliance with internationally recognized E-Learning standards



	Role
	IT operation Associate

	Responsibilities
	As a Team member, responsible for

· Managing a team of 4 members for the L2 application support 

· Inbound and Outbound calls to users (Infosys Employees)

· Providing Admin roles  using SAP 

· Generating reports 


PERSONAL ABILITIES-

· Proactive, reliable, extrovert and industrious.

· Constantly striving to acquire new skills that will, in the long run, aid me in my work.

· Ability to correlate with others in the team on a professional as well as personal level. 

· Passionate to work, result oriented and confident.
Technology

Below is a list of important software products, tools and methods that I have worked with.
	Software Products
	 SQL

	RDBMS
	Oracle

	Basic
	Basic Microsoft Windows operations and MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint




Qualifications
	Degree and Date
	Board/

University
	Specializations

	MCA (pursuing )
	Sikkim Manipal 
	Computer Science

	BSc 2010

	Mangalore University
	(Physics, Computer Science, Mathematics)

	Higher Secondary, 2006
	   P.U.E.B                                       
	Physics, Mathematics, Chemistry, Biology                             



	 Secondary School Certificate, 2004
	K.S.E.Board
	Science     


PERSONAL ABILITIES-

· Proactive, reliable, extrovert and industrious.

· Constantly striving to acquire new skills that will, in the long run, aid me in my work.

· Ability to correlate with others in the team on a professional as well as personal level. 

· Passionate to work, result oriented and confident.
OTHER ACHIEVEMENTS:

· Won the most productive employee continuously for two months.
· Won best actor in skit conducted in between various team under Infy HR.
Personal Details

·    25/11/1988
DECLARATION

I hereby declare that the particulars furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.









AERON FRANCO.
Page 3 of 3

