































Jasmeet Matharu - Recruitment, HR Operations, Strategy Planning and Performance Management. - VisualCV


Jasmeet Matharu
Recruitment, HR Operations, Strategy Planning and Performance
Management.
AC 56 Tagore Garden, New Delhi| +91-9711950417 | jasmeetmatharu19@gmail.com

May 2015 - Till date

Dec 2014 - June 2015

May 2014 - Dec 2014 

Manager 
#ARM Worldwide - A Digital Consulting firm
Profile:

Recruitment and Talent Management

Responsible for overall recruitment cycle from workforce planning to new hire onboarding
with a strong focus on hiring quality, turnaround time, recruitment channel efficiency and
compliance to recruitment policies.
Manage Induction Training for all divisions and ensure smooth joining process.
Implement/improve practices to ensure a great onboarding experience.

Payroll:

Managing employees attendance and salary processing through the HRMS tool.
Designing incentive programmes for employees

Organization Development
Develop and drive effective recruitment processes i.e. job application forums, resume
banks, manpower dashboards in order to meet business needs quickly and effectively.
Competency assessment of employees and workforce load balancing across divisions and
branches.
Manage Talent Mix Dashboard, Recruitment Mix Dashboard, Exit Interviews Dashboard and
share analysis with top management including recommendations and strategies for
improving employee retention.
Organize and budget team building activities across different functions in coordination with
Department heads Planning and execution of the annual offsite.
Annual Compensation Benchmarking 
Automation of the performance management process
Planning and execution of annual rewards and recognition programme.
Part of the annual business plan for recruitment, training and engagement activities.
HR Compliance Audit 

HR Trainee - (Contractual role)
Towers Watson

Handling end to end recruitment.
Manage relationships effectively with recruiters across the region.
Communicate progress to recruiting colleagues on the status of candidates.
Sourcing the right candidates through various means such as job portal(Naukri,iim jobs &
LinkedIn) and employee references.
Initial screening & short listing of candidates.
Interacting with the candidates as well as taking the preliminary interview.
Manage the Applicant Tracking System – People Fluent (Uploading CV’s, candidate
workflow management), ensuring it to be up to date.
Accurately schedule interviews, meetings and events, liaising with multiple parties and
working across time zones.
Work with TA team members to provide support as necessary.
Proactively working with the HR team in the region to ensure that they are up to date with
and recruiting activity.

Research Associate ( 6 month programme)
Strategic Resources

Working as a Research Associate which involves requirement gathering, understanding the

HR Department Startup
Recruitment & Retention
Orientation & Onboarding
Performance Management
HR Policies & Procedures
Payroll Processing
Organizational Development
HR Business Planning
Employee Engagement

Multi tasker
People Management
Team Player
Discrete & Ethical
Go getter

MS OFFICE
Recruitment tools - Naukri , LinkedIn , 
iimjobs
HRMS Tool Management

 

Won two HR awards consecutively in
2015 & 2016 - ARM Worldwide
Completed dissertation on “A
Comparative Study of intrinsic and
extrinsic motivational factors that
affects the performance of the
employees in a working place”. (2014)
College Society member(2011-12)
School captain (2008-09)

Work experience  HR SKILLS  

PERSONALITY SKILLS  

Additional skills  

Achievements   

 https://www.visualcv.com/vjcz1ctzxcw

mailto:jasmeetmatharu19@gmail.com


requirement, analyzing it and working towards finding the right resource
Worked extensively on both traditional (Naukri.com) and Non-Traditional (LinkedIn) for
getting suitable resource
Handling all the requirement activities – Short listing, screening and scheduling interviews.

Internships
1. Sulekha.com (2014)

Talent Acquisition

2. Times Business Solutions Limited (2011)
Certificate Course in Retail Space and Facilities Management from Delhi University.

2012 - 2014

2009 - 2012

- 2009

- 2007

M.Sc in Resource Management
S.N.D.T University, Mumbai
71%

B.Sc in Resource Management
Lady Irwin, Delhi University
62%

Sadhu Vaswani International School
XII 
72%

Sadhu Vaswani International School
X
81%

Education  

 https://www.visualcv.com/vjcz1ctzxcw


	Jasmeet Matharu
	Recruitment, HR Operations, Strategy Planning and Performance Management.
	Work experience
	HR SKILLS
	Manager

	PERSONALITY SKILLS
	Additional skills
	Achievements
	HR Trainee - (Contractual role)
	Research Associate ( 6 month programme)
	Internships

	Education
	M.Sc in Resource Management
	B.Sc in Resource Management
	Sadhu Vaswani International School
	Sadhu Vaswani International School




