















































RESUME

RESUME
AJAYAN.S
A 9/5 Nariyankadu Police Line  Pudupet,Chennai-600 002
Ph: 9444567058 
Ph: 9176254631                                      e-mail: ajay85s@rediffmail.com
    

OBJECTIVE:

	Intend to build a career with leading corporate of hi-tech environment with committed & dedicated people, which will help me to explore myself fully and realize my potential. Willing to work as a key player in challenging & creative environment.




EXPERIENCE:
1.
Working as Senior Finance Process Associate for Accenture India Pvt Ltd, Sholinganallur, Chennai from 22nd June 2010 to till date.

JOB PROFILE:-
Project 2:-

Working for a  banking client’s Core financial process 

i. Tie out of Financials prepared by Accounting Service Providers with the SVB book.

ii. Preparation of Intercompany Settlement between different Global Units, Initiating wire transfer of the settlement payment /Receipt and process journal entries in Global book as well as Parent book.

iii. Preparation of Intercompany Secondment for secondee of the employee who actually belongs to parent company but working for a Global Unit. And initiating wire transfer of the settlement and process journal entries in Global book as well as Parent book.

iv. Preparation of Cost Allocation and posting journal entries for different departments.

v. Calculation of Incentive Compensation plan for Global Unit employees as per the factor determined  by HR.

vi. Preparation of Variance Analysis for monthly, Quarterly and Annually for Balance Sheet and P&L.

vii. Certification of Ledger accounts in Certification Analysis Tool in order to comply with US GAAP Governance.

viii. Preparation of Investment in Subsidiary and Intercompany Reconciliation for all the Global entities.

ix. Closing activity of Global books and performance of equitization roll forward of the Income or loss and investment in subsidiary to its parent entity and finally to the head office.
Project 1

Worked for a well reputed Telecom client

i.
Preparation of standard and ad hoc journals, reconciliation of Balance sheet  and Bank statements.

ii. Identifies areas of improvement in the process (tedious manual activities, error prone activities etc) and comes up with ideas to eliminate the impact of the pain areas.
iii. Develop end to end understanding of the process. I able to perform activities within the team and take initiatives to drive key deliverables to clients.
iv. Acquired and trained different entities processing skill. Eg:- Singapore, Hong kong, Malaysia etc, all around 12 entities.

v. Ensure the outputs are error free output and quality as per client expectation without any re-work or client complaints.
vi. Understanding of process metrics clearly and  able to handle activities independently with no or minimum supervision or hand holding.
vii. Ensuring that the allocated work is completed within prescribed time limit  and any ad hoc activities assigned  has to  be finished as per the timeframe.
2.
Worked as Senior Accountant  for HEVEA ENGINEERS PVT LTD, Egmore,  Chennai, from 10th February 2009 to 21st June 2010.
JOB PROFILE:-
i. Billing/Invoicing.
ii. Handling of different petty cash Imprests.

iii. Employees Salary, PF, ESI. Filing of combined challan , ESI challan, Form 12-A, form 5 and form 10.
iv. Correspondence to Factory, Suppliers, bank and Auditor.
v. Material Purchase, payment/Bills Payable, issue of debit note and credit note and its entires.

vi.  Preparation of Statement of  Outstanding/Bills Receivable.
vii.  Sales Tax, CST and TDS payable and receivable, filing of form 1, form I, Annexure, form 26Q and form 16.

viii.  Reconciliation of Bank Statements and Balance sheet items.
ix. Preparation of Agents Commission Statement.
x.  Inventory management.

xi.  Preparation of Profit & Loss A/C, Balance Sheet and Variance       analysis. 
xii.  Auditor Support.

3.
Worked as  Relationship Executive for HDFC Bank in Personal Loan Department from July 2007 to July 2008.
EDUCATION:

	· M.Com passed from Annamalai University - 2005-2007.

· B.Com passed from Calicut University Kerala - 2002-2005
· Higher Secondary Examination Passed from Kerala State Board of Higher Secondary - 2000-2002



SOFTWARE EXPOSURE:

Basic of computers, Windows, MS- Office.

SQL server, Visual Basic, HTML, DHTML, VB Script, Internet Fundamentals, Dynamic Web pages using visual Interdev.

Programming techniques, Linux, C, C++.
SKILL:

Experienced in Oracle GFP platform, People soft financial system, Tally9  ERP and Ms office, expertise in MS Excell.
PROFILE:
 Name
:
 Ajayan S.

 Date of Birth
:
 27-03-1985.

 Father’s name
:
 Mr.Haridasan 

 Sex
: 
 Male

 Marital Status
:
 Single

 Languages Known
:
 Malayalam, English, Hindi and Tamil.
 Nationality
:
 Indian

 Permanent Address
:
 Hari Nivas

NorthRoad 
VaniyamkulamP.O                                            Palakkad, Kerala -679 522                                                       
DECLARATION:
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.
Date:







Place: Chennai







AJAYAN  S

