













































CURRICULUM VITAE

CURRICULUM VITAE

Kiran.A
#16, 16TH Main, Balaji Layout,
Padmanabhanagar, 




          Mobile   : +919945302275
Bangalore - 560070.                                                    Email Id: kiran1563@gmail.com

SUMMARY

· Over 4 years of total experience in software development and implementation in Banking, Retail domain using ASP.Net Technology starting August 2007.
· Currently working for SM Netserv Technologies since August 2011.
· Previously worked for Advice America (Fiserv) From August 2007 to August 2011
· Extensive experience in developing ASP.Net Web applications using C#, HTML, Java Script, XML, Telerik Controls.

· Exposure in ASP.NET 3.5/4.0

· Considerable knowledge of banking, Retail domain.
Technical Skills:

	Languages  
	C#, HTML, XML

	Technologies
	Asp.Net 3.5, 4.0, Ado.Net, web service, JavaScript, Jquery, Telerik, WCF.

	DBMS
	SQL Server 2005

	Web Server
	IIS

	Other Tools
	Microsoft Visual Studio 2005, 2008 and 2010, Visual Source Safe, CVS, Rapid SVN, Microsoft Team Foundation Server

	Operating  Systems
	Windows 2000, Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7


Employment History

	Company
	Duration

	SM Netserv Technologies
	18-August 2011 to Present

	Advice America Software, Bangalore Development Centre Pvt Ltd.

Web Site: www.adviceamerica.com
	01-August-2007 to 1 Aug-2011


Education Qualification

	Course
	Institute
	Year of Passing
	Percentage

	Master of Computer Applications (MCA)
	RNS Institute of Technology
	2007
	79%


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Project Name      : Trade Promotion Management
Client                   : AFS Technologies

Period                  :  Aug 2011 – Till Date

Responsibility     :  Developer

Description:

    Trade Promotion Management allow user to enter volume and revenue forecasting  for the   customer and product  for which they will be responsible and what they anticipate to sell. Product has an ability to create and edit initial budget for the annual planning process .The planned data can also be drilled down from Customer Group to Specific customer ,Product Groups to Specific Products .Same planned data is moved to “Discovery Dashboard “ where each individual can be tracked on weekly, Periodically, Quarterly , Summary periods .

Responsibilities:
· Analysis of the specifications and requirements.
· Design and implementation, bug fixing.
· Testing - unit testing, Nunit.
· Interaction with clients.
Technologies: 
· ASP.net 4.0, C#, WCF, Telerik, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, Ado.net,

 SQL Server 2008.
Project Name      : Advisor Vision 7.0
Client                   : Lincoln Financial Group, UBS, Guide Stone, USAA


Period                  :  Nov 2007 – July 2011
Responsibility     :  Developer
Description:
    AdvisorVision represents the most sophisticated financial planning software, which addresses multi-goal financial plans, including retirement planning, education funding, survivor needs analysis, as well as accumulation goals.
     Calculators is one of the major base module for which i was responsible. This module 

consists of sub modules which accepts the inputs of client requirement, builds up the correct financial planning suitable for each individual.

Responsibilities: 

· Analysis of the specifications and requirements
· Designing for major enhancements or providing the Impact Analysis document for smaller enhancements and bug fixes
· Involved in coding and unit testing of the software components

· Prepared the test cases for both positive and negative scenarios
· Performed functional testing of the application

· Prepared the Impact analysis document for the Change Requests
· Report weekly status of the project to the Project Leader
Technologies: 
· ASP.net 3.5, 4.0, C#, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SQL Server 2008, Ado.net.

Project Name      : Document Composition Server
Client                   : Lincoln Financial Group, UBS, Guide Stone, USAA


Period                  :  Nov 2008 – July 2011
Responsibility     :  Developer

Description: 

· An interactive server which accepts client requests for generating client report from request message queue.

· Building of Client report includes the generating report for the planning section of Advisor Vision in Word document (.doc, .docx or .Pdf format)

· Process the client request using Microsoft Word 2007 Open XML file format.

· Processing includes converting Word 2007 document into xml file format and build dynamic contents such as simple texts, graphs, and applying styles for it.

· After process completion send the processed request document into response message queue.

Responsibilities:

· Involved in analysis of the specifications and requirements.

· Involved in the development of server using open xml file format.

· Involved in complete end to end testing of the server.
Technologies: ASP.Net 3.5,4.0 C#, XML.
Personal Details:
	Date Of Birth
	6-March-1983

	Marital Status
	Married

	Languages Known
	English, Hindi, Kannada

	Passport Number
	 J4619145

	Interest And Hobbies
	 Reading, Playing Cricket


Declaration

I here by declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my Knowledge and belief.

Date:
Place:  Bangalore                                                                             (Kiran.A)
