











































PRANIT P KURDUKAR

	SHARAN KUMAR. N

	H.No.6/3/238, Prem Nagar, Chintal Basti, Khairatabad, Hyderabad-04
Mob. No: - 09703676328 ▪ Email ID:-sharankumar_india@yahoo.co.in 




	Objective


Project & Product management professional with progressive experience in multiple facets of planning, coordinating, organizing and testing projects. Excel at relating to client, effective communicator, able to explain technical issues to non-technical individuals. Dedicated to client satisfaction where my skills can be utilized in new end challenging way to maximize my experience, leadership, education and to contribute the success of the company.
	Core Competencies


· Knowledge in implementation and support of Health Care & Hospitality     Management     Softwares.

· Knowledge in Manual Testing, Automated Testing.
· Knowledge in  Software Development Life Cycle

· Familiar with Automated Tools Mercury Win Runner 7.0, Test Director 7.2
     and Load Runner.                                                                                                                                                                                                       
· Good analytical skill with problem solving capabilities, sense of             

     responsibility, creative and soft-spoken.

	Technical Skills 


· C


· C++
· ORACLE & MS SQL

· Crystal Reports.

	Professional Experience


WORKING AS Beta Testing & ERP IMLEMENTATION  Engineer, SUVARNA TECHNOSOFT  (P) Ltd. from  JULY2010, TILL DATE

Suvarna Technosoft is a fast growing software company whose core product focus is delivering quality software solutions and services in the area of Hospital Management System. Its core activity is focussed on delivering the best value for every customer in the health care segment through  advanced medineed Hospital Information and Management System(HIMS),an ERP.
 A combination of various other products are available which support the core Hospital Management System which have designed. It provides strategic solutions for handling various requirements of document management and payroll integration with  Hospital Information &Management System. With a strong market presence and established product line, It has been  delivering the best solutions for all its clients on various fronts.

WORKED AS Beta Testing & Coordination Engineer, IDS Softwares (P) Ltd.FROM
June, 2007 to JULY 2010
IDS, suprts hospitality industry world-wide, is entering an exciting phase of developmenpot, as opportunities for business and leisure travel rapidly grow. IDS supports the hospitality industry in this expansion, with a comprehensive range of integrated software solutions with the brand name of Fortune Suite.
· Worked as  Beta Tester Cum Product Support Engineer with IDS Software Private Limited, Bangalore from  june 2007- till date on PMS,an ERP  (Hospitality Management) Package
· Worked as Lab Faculty for Testing Tools with  VISIX Institute,Hyderabd  from  February  2003- june 2007 .

	Responsibilities & Projects


IDS Softwars (P) Ltd.

Consistent record for successful Test strategies and effective in preparing Bottom line reports on efficiency of product over 15 customers across India and Abroad. Specially recognized and promoted as a result of project management and advanced account development skill demonstration.

Responsibilities

• Customer requirement Analysis: Discussion with customer to understand the business requirements and main areas. Mapping of the software functionalities with business requirements of the customer. Document the requirements, in order to achieve correct plan and best practices in providing the configuration of the best solution to meet the business objectives.
• Planning and monitoring: Planning of customizations based on discussions with customer and organizations guidelines.
• Resource Utilization: Involving in Managing of activities accordingly having the maximum resource and capacity utilization. Excellence knowledge on Preparing test cases and data what needs to be check and executing those cases and reporting the status to lead.  
• Testing: Knowledge on preparing the test plan, test cases, test data and executing those test cases, and analyzing those results.
Completed Projects Are

1) Fortune Enterprise V 4.1
2) Fortune Enterprise V 3.3
3) Fortune Express V3.3
4) Fortune Genie V3.3
5) Fortune R&B

Some of the clients handled are as follows.

1) Ramada Powai
2) Fortune Group(Upgradation)
3) Oriental Residency
4) Tunga Group

5) BJN Banquets


6) Mayfair Banquets
Testing Responsibilities:
· Trouble Shooting
· Performing Beta testing.
· Reporting the Incidents(Bugs) in Bug Sheet to the concerned development department.
· Retesting and Regression Testing on a new build

· Database(Microsoft SQL) Installation 

· Reporting to the Team Lead on daily basis.
· Regular Interaction with client about feature discussion.

· Regular Interaction with developers about feature discussion.

	Academic Qualification


	PG/Graduate/School
	University
	Passing Year
	Marks 

	Master of Science in Computers
	Osmania University (Hyd.)
	2000-2002
	63.00%

	Bachelor of Science in Computers
	Osmania University (Hyd.)
	1997-2000
	63.00%

	Intermediate(10+2)
	Board Of Intermediate(A.P.)
	1995-1997
	74.10%

	S.S.C.
	Board Of Secondary Edu.(A.P.)
	1994
	86.16%


	Testing Tools:
	Mercury Interactive Win Runner7.0,Load Runner,
Test Director7.2,Silk Family

	Language:
	Pascal,C, C++, Core Java,Networking Concepts 

	Operating Systems:
	Dos,Unix,Windows 2000, XP 

	Databases:
	Microsoft SQL

	Application S/w:
	MS-Office,Crystal Reports


	Achievements & Extra Curricular Activities


· Secured Certificate Of Appreciation in State level Talent Test Conducted by 

Vishwa Bharathy Academy.

	Personal Details


	Father’s Name
	Bheemaiah Nampally

	Mother’s Name
	Late Smt.Lingamma

	Date of Birth:
	24th April  1979

	Address:
	H.No.6/3/238,Prem Nagar, Near Sai Baba Temple,Chintal Basti,Khairatabad,Hyderabad-500004

	Contact No
	09703676328/040 23325715

	Passport Number
	B3797335

	Marital Status:
	Married

	Language Known:
	English, Hindi & Telugu


