






















































JAYITA NEOGI
J -16, Ankur Complex , Sonari , Jamshedpur , Jharkhand.
Pin: 831011, mobile: 7004749930
E-mail: jayita_neogi@yahoo.co.in
 Objective
To be a part of a dynamic and esteemed organization, where I can work with a constant zeal to develop myself professionally and intellectually. With right combination of interpersonal skills, pragmatism and knowledge I desire to strive for the pinnacle of excellence in the field of media and communication.
Experience
Second Innings Sports and Entertainment
Social Media executive and Content writer | Dec 2015 – Dec 2016
· Handled social media pages of Second Innings Sports and Entertainment (SISE) which is a sports and special events management company based out of Kolkata.
· Handled official social media pages and developed content for Midnapore Mighties and Birbhum Bravehearts .Teams of Bengal Celebrity League. 
· Manager for official social media pages and developed content for Greentouch Entertainment Production House, Dag creative Media Production house, Vedic Village resort and Sanjeeva Ayurveda Spa and also manage the official page of actor Anindya Chatterjee with SISE.
· Did social media promotion for a Bengali movie named Bastushaap directed by Kaushik Ganguly, Hemanta directed by Anjan Dutta, Chocolate directed by Sujan Mukherjee.
· Worked on building the page of Captain TMT bars and an online portal for Bengali films named BongFlix.
· Worked with SISE in live social media reporting for CAB during T20 World cup 2016. Was also handling the Hospitality department which was over looked by SISE.
Solomo Media
Content Head | Jan 2017 – Jun 2018
Have worked on more than 100 blogs for different clients under Solomo Media. I have worked not only on On-Page blogs but also off-page, Guest blogs, Website content, Newsletter. Have also written many articles, classifieds and press releases for the same clients. 
Some of the clients being 
· Vivah Creations
· Crack Verbal
· JivaBhumi
· Jiva Ayurveda
· Manish Paul
· Pure It
· BOHECO
· Company website that is Solomofy.and Solomo Media.
Soulgenie Health Pathways LLP
Content Head | Jun 2018 – Present
My work involves:
· Product description
· Blogs, Articles, UX content, Web content, Banner content, etc.
· Meta Data
· Basic SEO
For College
2013 – 2016
- Wrote articles for Kolkata 360, which is the In House Magazine of iLEAD.
- Wrote an article for iReader, another magazine compiled by iLEAD.
- Made a radio drama for iLEAD.
- Made many short films and Ad films for the college
Education
2013 – 2016: Completed Bachelors in Media Science (Hons.) at ILEAD, under Maulana Abul Kalam Azad University of Technology, previously known as West Bengal University of Technology. 
2013: Completed class XII from Salt Lake English Medium School (Kolkata), Board: ISC. Percentage secured: 55.55
2011: Completed class X from Carmel Junior College (Jamshedpur), Board: ICSE. Percentage secured: 74.06
Position and Resposibility
2014: Worked for Prabhat Khabar as Trainee
2015: Started interning at Second Innings Sports & Entertainment as social media intern
2015 - 2016: Started working at Second Innings Sports & Entertainment as social media executive and content writer
2017: Started working at Solomo Media as content writer

Skill sets
	MS Word
MS Excel
	MS PowerPoint
	Premier Pro

language proficency

	Language
	Speak
	Read
	Write

	English
	Yes
	Yes
	Yes

	Hindi
	Yes
	Yes
	Yes

	Bengali
	Yes
	No
	No

	
	
	
	



Areas of interest
Reading 
Writing
Traveling
Communicating
Learning about various media tools
Social Media

JAYITA NEOGI
D.O.B. 17.6.1993
SEX- FEMALE

2
