














































                                                                       

               Moumita Ghosh                       
                
 
Contact Details: moumita8ghosh@gmail.com  
Mobile No - 9051512338 
Linkedin - www.linkedin.com/in/moumita-ghosh-4b6308109  

 
Key Highlights: 

 
 SumTotal version 2015.1.6, 2017.1.2 till 2018.1 

 Basic knowledge of SQL language 

 Proficient skills of Microsoft (Word, PowerPoint presentation, Excel) 

 Experienced Technical support specialist 

 Accountable 

 Team Player 

 Dependable 

 Innovative 

 Works well under pressure 

 Can handle difficult clients or vendors 

 Good communication skills 

 

 
Experience  (working in Capgemini from 22nd February 2016 – till now): 
 

  2.4 years of System Administrator experience on Sumtotal Learn along with experience in SkillSoft. I 
have been managing Capgemini’s Learning management system as a Subject Matter Expert from 
October 2017. My current  job role is Process associate (A3) and in October 2017 I had been promoted to 

this job role. Currently I manage every major upgrade of Learn for Capgemini with respect to User 
Acceptance testing to global deployment for all the employees. 

 Member of global LMS techno-operations team and worked on LMS related queries for all end-user support 
teams.  

 Maintaining configuration workbook and handling all the configurational changes for the Learning 
management system. 

 Management of sub-administrator related access to LMS and also managed licences on various LMS 
related tools. 

 Management of all LMS issues with the vendor, which includes tracking, coordinating and validating the 
resolution before providing it to business. 

 Responsible for management of new elearning content every month on the learning management system 
for all Capgemini employees from SkillSoft platform and also management of end-support queries for 
SkillSoft. 

 Work with various regional L&D teams to understand their requirements, define solutions and implement 
through a right shore approach. 

 Expertise in WBT/Rapid e-learning through uploading SCORM packages with direct sync with SumTotal. 

 Responsible for creation, revision and maintenance of Controlled Document Repository of SOPs for all end 
user support teams. 

 Auditing of the licences to the LMS and LMS related tool. 

 Involved in quality analysis and processing of Training Migration Utility for various end user support teams. 

mailto:moumita8ghosh@gmail.com
http://www.linkedin.com/in/moumita-ghosh-4b6308109


 Provided technical support to sub-administrators, program mangers and facilitators/instructors of various 
global/regional learning curriculum. 

 Provided access to instructors to the repository of training materials and management of the training 
material repository. 

 Database management for sub-administrators and facilitators. 

 Creation of reports used by end user support teams for tracking and compliance purposes. 

 Experience with other tools like SurveyGizmo, Evenium, TeamForge and ZOHO. 

 Maintaining licences/ access and revocation of acces for SurveyGizmo, ZOHO, TeamForge and Evenium. I 
have created queries and pivots as requested by business on ZOHO.  

 

Projects: 
 
Project I - I had worked on Sumtotal Learning Management System version upgrade from 2015.1.6 to 2017.1.2.  

 
Brief Idea: 
I was responsible for the creation and updation of SOPs for end user helpdesk. I conducted testing on the User 
Acceptance Interface for both sub-administrators and learners. I had coordinated with the vendor for the resolution of 
the identified issues.  
 
Project II - I had worked on the deployment and testing of tracking employee registration report for Education First 

which was globally launched for Capgemini employees. 
 
Brief Idea: 
I had to test reports in Advanced reporting of Sumtotal Learn which would help in tracking employee registration for 
all the programs accessed on the Education first platform. 

 
 

Educational Qualification 

 
Standard 

 
Name of 
Institution 

University/ 
Board 

Year Marks Grade/ 
Division 

One Year 
Advanced 
Diploma In 
Bioinformatics 

Dept of 
Biophysics, 
Molecular 
Biology, & 
Bioinformatics 

 

  
University of 
Calcutta 

 
2014-2015 

 

 
68% 

 

 
A/FIRST 
DIVISION 

 
Master of 
Science in 
Neuroscience  
 

 

 
S.N Pradhan 
Centre for  
Neuroscience 

 

       
University of 
Calcutta  
 

 
08/2012- 
  06/2014 

 
 

 
 Total CGPA           
4.225, 64.5% 

 
A/FIRST 
DIVISION 

Bachelor of 
Science 
Chemistry 

 

Scottish 
Church 
College 

  
University of 
Calcutta 

 
04/2012 

 
63.5% 

 
   A/FIRST             
DIVISION 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Others: 
 

 Awarded Spot award October 2016 and Star September 2017. 

 Awarded the title of AMUL VIDYA BHUSHAN for Outstanding Academic Performance at the 
central/state board higher secondary examinations held in Mar-April 2009. 

    
 
 

Personal Details:  KrishnaVilla Flat B 3rd Floor. 22 Haricharan Banerjee Road. P.O. –Belurmath. 
Pin-711202.                        

Date of Birth: 08.03.1991 

 

 
 
 


