
































Page 1 of 3

Nisha Mishra
HR Operations / People Partner (6.5 years)

25, 2nd Floor, Annex 6th Block,
Shree Ram Temple Road, Koramangala, 
Bangalore- 560 034.

Saarathi Sovereign Society, A1-202, 
Hinjewadi Phase 2, Pune – 411 057

Contact: +91 - 990 205 5483
Email: nishamishra1989@gmail.com

I desire to apply for a challenging and rewarding opportunity with an organization of repute in management 
sector that recognizes my potential and effectively utilizes / nurtures my excellent analytical and technical 
skills in the field of Human Resources. I look to grow in a robust environment to further my career that will 
provide benefits and compensation proportionate to my abilities.

 Employee On-Boarding & Induction
 Employee Engagement / Relation
 Human Resource / People Management
 Formulate and Setup Organization Policies
 Compensation & Benefit
 Payroll Management
 Leave Track Management
 Recruitment, Joining and Exiting Formalities
 Efficiency Improvements
 Rewards & Recognition
 Training & Development
 Grievance Handling
 Experienced QlikView BI tool trained user

 Master in Business Administration (MBA) – 2010 : 2012
Full Time In National Economic Planning & Entrepreneurship (MS University)
Post Graduate Program in Management (Affiliated to IMI, Belgium) from IIPM, Bangalore
– 2010 : 2012

 Bachelor of Arts (VBS Purvanchal University) – 2007 : 2010
 Diploma in Aviation, Hospitality & Travel Management from Frankfinn Institue, Delhi

– 2007 : 2008.

EDUCATION

OBJECTIVE

AREAS OF EXPERTISE



Page 2 of 3

EXL Service Pvt. Ltd. Location: Bangalore  
Client - KPMG Australia                              Apr 2016 - present
Asst. Manager, HR Operations                                        

Tredence Analytics Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Location: Bangalore
HR Business Partner Jul 2015 - Nov 2015
                                         
R2 International Consulting India Pvt. Ltd. Location: Bangalore
HR Executive 2012 - Jul 2015

Shreeji Interiors (Internship) Location: Bangalore
HR Trainee (Recruitment & Selection) Jun 2011 - Jul 2011

                       

 Extensive hands-on experience working on SAP HR Module End User 
 Supervise the end to end transactional HR activities 
 Delegate daily work tasks of the HR Shared Services Team, ensuring tasks are carried out to a high 

standard and completed within SLAs (Service Level Agreements)
 Ensure successful routing and escalation of calls, capturing all queries on the system to enable 

resolution which meets/exceeds SLA targets.
 Act as escalation point for team, assisting with query resolution and case managing complex calls and 

queries
 Sufficiently resource the HR helpdesk by identifying daily and weekly peaks in work volumes, 

rotating resources to meet demands, resolving queries within or exceeding agreed SLAs and fully 
utilising the team members.

 Work collaboratively with other teams within the HR Shared Service Centre providing cover and 
support whenever necessary

 Complete team PDRs (Performance Development Reports), carrying out 1:1s, recruitment of new 
team members and training to new members.

 MIS reporting including Utilization, Volume, Performance, Productivity, Quality, Accuracy reports 
of the team for P4P (Pay for Performance) and Rewards and Recognition.

 Working on SAP HR Module End User 
 Excellent communication & presentation skills.
 Proficient in Windows 97/2000/XP, MS Office, Internet Applications, Outlook, Citrix.
 Innovative and effective management techniques.
 Ability to handle multiple time-sensitive projects. 
 A systematic, organized and dedicated team player with an analytical bent of mind determined 

to be a part of a growth-oriented organization.
 Posses’ strong interpersonal skills.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE AND SIGNIFICANT ACHIEVEMENTS

DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES

                                                          SKILLS



Page 3 of 3

 Possess a high degree of political sensitivity and experience in dealing with a range of complex issues 
within a demanding stakeholder environment.

 Goal orientated and motivated to achieve those goals through co-operation with others.
 Attention to detail.

Fluent in: 

English (written - Spoken) 

Hindi (written - Spoken)

Status : Married

Date of Birth :  07th April, 1989.

Gender : Female

Nationality : Indian

PERSONAL

LANGUAGES

REFERENCES


