

















































	Gayathri B Nair                        
	

	No.19/10, Bharathi street, Dandeeswaram Nagar,
	

	Velachery,Chennai-42
	


	
	



	Mobile: +91-9840654842

	Email:gayathrinairbabu@gmail.com



Professional Objective

 
Seeking long term employment in an organization where I can grow professionally and further enhance my skills, knowledge and experience to face and overcome the challenges of today’s changing work environment and also achieve personal as well as organizational goals.
Key Responsibilities Handled And Skills Summary
• 2.9 Year of experience in BFSI Domain – particularly in Private Banking/Wealth Management & Investment Advisory Services with solid understanding of all the phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).

• Experience in Manual Testing and Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) phases such as Requirement Gathering, Project Planning, Test Design & Execution, and Defect Tracking & Test Reporting.

• Experience in Web-based application testing, Database Testing using SQL Queries in Oracle SQL Developer tool and Mobile App testing on iOS (iPad/iPhone/MAC) platform.

• Exposure in System Integration Testing (SIT).

• Exposure in Functional, Regression, Sanity and Smoke Testing.

• Experience in using Test Management tool - HP ALM & JIRA.

CAREER SUMMARY
	Company

	Designation
	Duration

	Infosys Ltd.
	Test Engineer
	July 2015 – Till Date


Certifications
	Certification
	Institute
	Year

	Certified Tester Foundation Level
	ISTQB
	2016


Technical Knowledge

	Test Management Tool
	HP ALM, JIRA

	Database/Query Language
	Oracle/SQL

	Operating Systems
	Windows 7/8/8.1/10, iOS (Mobile)

	Others
	MS Office

	Programming Languages known

	Trained in Java, Mainframe – JCL, COBOL, DB2,Selenium(Basic)


Project Experience


	Project Name
	In View (Banker & Client)

	Client Name
	Citi Private Bank

	Environment 
	.NET with Flex, iOS and Oracle Database

	Tool used
	HP ALM,JIRA, Oracle SQL Developer

	Database
	Oracle

	Duration
	July 2015 to Till date

	Role
	Test Engineer


Description

Citi Private Bank In View app provides a comprehensive snapshot of a client’s wealth in one-place, giving bankers and clients a world of data at their fingertips. 
Roles and Responsibilities:

· Responsible for System Integration Testing, Regression Testing, Smoke Testing and Sanity Testing for various modules 

· Analysing the client requirements through business and functional requirement documents and Walkthroughs.

· Involved in the preparation of Test Scenarios and Test Cases.
· Involved in the reviewing of Test scenarios and Test cases.
· Ensured that the test cases were complete to test the business functionalities.

· Identification and setup of Test Data.

· Involved in Web Testing as well as Mobile Testing on iOS (iPad) platform

· Involved in Database Testing using SQL Queries for Source to Target data comparison.

· Reporting the defects through Defect Tracking/Test Management tool - HP ALM & JIRA.

· Reporting to business teams & onsite coordinator about status of test activities on a daily basis.

· Interacting with development and business teams to resolve issues.
EDUCATION SUMMARY
	Degree
	College
	Year of Passing

	B.Sc. Mathematics with Computer Applications
	Ethiraj College for Women
	2015


Personal Information

Name


:
Gayathri Babu Nair
Languages Known
:              English, Tamizh and Malayalam
Date of Birth

:
12-Oct-1994
