






































RESUME

RESUME
Jashin Jayson Anthikad
3/3, 19th Cross, 20th main
S.M.S Layout, Kapilla Road

J.P. Nagar, 5th Phase

Bangalore, Karnataka, India

Mob:  8951105208
Resi :  09895659744


     
Email: Jashinjayson@gmail.com

OBJECTIVE
To inculcate such qualities that would serve both individual and organizational interests professionally, effectively and in every other aspect. Acquire a challenging position in the organization, where I can use my skills and knowledge to the best of my ability while gaining new experience.
EXPERIENCE  
Xchanging

Xchanging is engaged in a variety of businesses related to Finance and Accounting, Insurance, Payroll, Administration and Tax Processes and global outsourcing to every corporate business need 
· Working as a Senior Associate, specialized in Accounts Payable and Receivables in technical accounting team.

· Portfolio management: - Managing the portfolios end to end process, from invoice processing till the settlement of the invoices.

· Managing the correspondences from 7 e-mail boxes of onshore account handlers and managing the correspondences categorizing priorities and distributing to the team members
· Doing payments and allocating the cash received from the client

· Reconciling the client ledgers with our books.

· Generating the reports for the team, using MS Access and Excel and sending to onshore counter part and offshore according to reports.
· Making onshore calls to the account handlers and various other technicians and managers in case of queries, escalations and grievances. 

· Doing Quality Checks and educating colleagues in cases of any mistakes or errors.
· Helping the other team members in resolving queries.

· Conducting training sessions for the newly joined employees regarding process and application training.
·  Backup for Email boxes in case of leave or absence of employees
Highlights

Has received best employee for the quarter of Jan 2011 to March 2011 and various appreciation e-mail from onshore mangers and clients for resolving quires and settlement of cashes in timely manner.
HGS
Hinduja Global solutions is basically into US health insurance field and a important player in backend process which includes international and domestic call centers.

Worked as claim processing executive from a period of March 2008 till November 2010 (2 years 7 months).
· Maintaining reports like Production Report, Production Planner, and Individual Production Report etc.

· Categorizing the work tasks received through ECHS (Electronic Correspondence Handling System) and distributing among team members.
· Doing payments to the provider or the claimant once the claim is approved.

· Handling the correspondences from the client according to the priority.
· Was been a trainer for the Last 2 batches #11 and 12
· Helping the trainees in mentoring for the 2 batches (10th and 11th)
· Helping team members in clarifying Queries
· Update Team members regarding the process and conducting Error Sharing Session.
Highlights
Bagged seven TOP GUN award for the highest Production with Hundred Percent Quality on the floor. Got appreciation from Clients and Management for consistently Maintaining Quality and production.

Pepsi (Marketing)
Worked as an Interim Sales Representative for PEPSICO INDIA HOLDINGS (P) LTD from may 2006 to June 2007.
· Handling 3 main Distributers and 5 sub distributors
· To be a mediator between the management and the distributors.

· To keep an eye on the market and helping the distributors in increasing the sales by getting big outlets and to decide upon the schemes to be given in the market.
· To keep an eye on the market and helping the distributors in increasing the sales by getting big outlets and to decide upon the schemes to be given in the market.
· Handling the issues in market
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS

	Course
	Name of the institution
	University
	Year of passing
	Specialization

	B.B.M
	Jaybees Arts and Science College
	Kannur Uinversity
	2006
	Marketing

	PLUS TWO
	Malabar Arts and Science College
	Kerala State Open School
	2003
	Commerce

	S.S.L.C
	Chovva Higher Secondary School
	Board of Secondary Education
	2001
	


PROJECTS

Undergone a project “A study on “Marketing strategies and market share of RUBCO HUAT WOODS LTD. 
EVENT PARTICIPATION: academic
Active Participation in Seminars, Group discussions and Presentations
Active participation in technical and management talks conducted in college                                                         by Management Students Association.

STRENGTHS
Quick learning ability, good communication, adaptability, flexibility, interpersonal skill and patience.

Personal Particulars

Date of birth
:

29 – 01 – 1986
Father’s Name
:

Jayson Jacob A
Father’s Occupation
:

Business
Religion & Caste
:

Christian, Jacobite
Marital Status
:

Single

Nationality

:

Indian

Passport Number

:

G7608682
LANGUAGE KNOWN
Speak
:
English, Hindi & Malayalam
Write
:
English, Hindi & Malayalam
COMPUTER KNOWLEDGE

Very good in MS office applications especially in MS Word, MS Excel and

MS outlook.
HOBBIES
Traveling, Listening to Music & net surfing
REFERENCE
Mr. Farukali Mujawar



Mr. Sajith. S
Team Leader




Group Leader

Xchanging India Pvt. Ltd.


Hinduja Global Solutions

Bangalore




Bangalore
Mob: 9880038030



Mob: 9845582407
DECLARATION
I confirm that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge. If given opportunity, I will discharge my duties with at most care and dedication.

Place: Bangalore 
Date:











(JASHIN JAYSON ANTHIKAD.)
