















































DHANANJAY ANANTH ATRE
hunkgentle@gmail.com
Contact #: 09880016217

Objective:  Manager – Corporate Functions/Management.
Job Profile/Skills:
· Administration, resources, problem solving, decision taking.
· HR-Management, coordination skills.
· Negotiation.
· Presentation skills with a pleasing personality.
· Multi-tasking. 
Work History :
1. Self-employed Founder-Entrepreneur (2000 August - 2007) 
Atre and Company, Bengaluru, Involved in the concept, design, execution, outsourcing, import and marketing of automotive products.

2. Property (Realty) Consulting (2007-present)
Responsibilities handled:
 In Atre and Company:
·  Oversaw HR/Administration, production, innovation and marketing (including import-customs process) of ‘KAL- trademarked’ automobile products to meet varied customer requirements in the aftermarket.

· Produced custom-made/cost effective products based on the needs of the customer.
· Made innovative strategies to meet fixed budgetary and procurement challenges.

· Created & implemented an inventive campaign designed to draw new customers, resulting in an increased achievement rate.
As a Property (Realty) consultant:

 Involved in the short listing and forwarding of potential landed properties to builders/HNI and organizations, facilitating their specific needs that cover outright sale & purchases, joint ventures, legal angles, liaison with government agencies and other acquisition parameters.
Summary:
1. Corporate functions that involve taking a broad overview of specific Corporate situations/company needs and accordingly taking suitable measures for solving them, which might include liaison/negotiation with the Government/statutory bodies or private entities. The ability to assess, coordinate and decide on the next course of action between the needs, possibilities and solutions as regards these in the company governance setup is a strong plus
2. Having handled personnel management in my firm as an Entrepreneur and consultant and also having served on the managing bodies of certain organizations (which involved managing, interacting, understanding and attending to the needs of the constituent members), good acumen as regards gauging, assessing and scanning potential, future employees is a plus. Hence a suitable position of competency in HR would be of interest.
3.  Hands on knowledge in efficiently handling the varied administration processes that are involved in an organization is also my core strength. This stems further to experience in actually founding & running a private enterprise - business of my own that competed well in the market. This gives an edge for a suitable position in administration also.
Educational Details:
Bachelor’s Degree in Mechanical Engineering, Bangalore University (March 2000) 
References:
· Dr. M.S.S Prabhu (Ex-Senior Vice-President) INFOSYS, Bangalore.

· Dr. Madhusudan V. Atre (Ex-President) APPLIED MATERIALS INDIA, Bangalore.
Correspond to: 
# 341, Balaji Layout, Vajarahalli,

Off Kanakapura road, Thalaghattapura Post

Bengaluru – 560062
Page | 2 


