










































Curriculum-Vitae

Curriculum-Vitae

Manju Prajapati

124, Sahjivan Building,

N.M. Joshi Marg,

Elphinstone Road,

Mumbai – 400013

(91-022-66548890 /9773670505
E-mail: manjup02@gmail.com
Personal Profile:-
Date of Birth: 04-11-1984
Marital Status: Unmarried

Languages Known: English, Hindi & Marathi

Nationality: Indian
Objective:

To enrich my knowledge about the best practices adopted in the organization and to perform best at task in hand.
Educational Qualification:

	Qualification
	Year Passed
	Institution
	University/ Board
	Percentage
	Remarks

	M.Com 
	July - 2008
	Mumbai University
	Mumbai
	63.00%
	First Class

	T.Y.B.Com
	April -2006
	K.P.B.Hinduja College
	Mumbai
	62.00%
	First Class

	H.S.C
	Mar - 2003
	K.P.B.Hinduja College
	Mumbai
	69.00%
	First Class

	S.S.C
	Mar – 2001
	Holy Cross High School
	Mumbai
	67.00%
	First Class


Current :-
Job Responsibility :- 

Looking after 12 Quality Analyst (Checking their performance, productivity, attendance, cross check audit to find accuracy.

Work Experience:

	Duration
	June’11 to Dec’11

	Name of the Company
	Digicall Teleservices Pvt Ltd

	Designation
	Senior Team Leader (Quality & Training)

	Responsibility
	Responsible for Process measurement and betterment activities for the different process (Airtel, Kotak, Bank of Baroda, Tata Docomo, Pepsico)

	Job Profile
	Working as Senior Team Leader for Quality and Training

Responsible to look after 12 Quality Auditor’s and their performance

Conduct Training to fix the knowledge gap for different processes

Design Training Need Analysis to help Training Team and Operations to bridge the knowledge gaps.

Analyze the process Gap for repeated cases and try to reduce the repeat calls

Track monthly performance and quality checks for the process and people empowerment.

Responsible to look after customer for improvement of CSAT

Conduct briefing and calibration sessions to ensure that operations and training understands the Quality parameters and work accordingly.

To measure various facet of performance by different teams and providing the feedback for improvement.


Work Experience:

	Duration
	May 2009 to May 2011

	Name of the Company
	TATA Communications

	Designation
	Quality Analyst

	Responsibility
	Responsible for Process measurement and betterment activities for the inbound and RFO team

	Job Profile
	Analyzing the Process Gap and providing feedback to the respective TSE and Team 

Conducting Training to fix the knowledge gap for Inbound and E-mail Process.

Designing Training Need Analysis to help Training Team and Operations to bridge knowledge gaps.

Performing process and people audit for Inbound and E-mail Team.

Performed audits for Reason For Outage Team improvement 

Tracking monthly performance and quality checks for the process and people empowerment.

Performing Operational Audits in order to track the authenticity of Delay Reason captured correctly on account of customer for improvement of CSAT

Conducting briefing and calibration sessions to ensure Technical Support Executive understands the Quality parameters and work accordingly.

Analyzing the process Gap for Inbound team by performing Data Capture audit

To measure various facet of performance by Email team and providing the feedback for improvement.

Performed the entire task as a Technical Support Executive for Inbound Team from June’07 to Apr’09.


Achievement’s :
· Champion of the month Award winner for Jan’10.
· Champion of the month Award winner for Feb’10.

· Champion of the month Award winner for June’10.

· Champion of the month Award winner for July’10
· Champion of the month Award winner for Aug’10
· Champion of the month Award winner for Oct’10
· Champion of the month Award winner for Nov’10
· Champion of the month Award winner for Dec’10
Significant Contribution at Work:
· Helped inbound team in reducing fatal call %, it reduced to 50% in Nov’09. 
· Brought accuracy in data capture from 68% in Nov’09 to 74% in Dec’09.
· Brought Overall improvement in Inbound, Email & Inbound Proactive team in the month of Jan’10
· Consistent (Champion of the month) award winner for 8 months within 1year for bringing improvement in process for different team’s.

Work Experience:

	Duration
	 June 2007 to May 2009

	Name of the Company
	TATA Communications 

	Designation
	Technical Support Executive

	Responsibility
	Help customers to log the grievances/request and speed up the troubleshooting on those grievances/ requests.

	Job Profile
	 Providing the timely updates in trouble ticket pertaining to early resolution of Customer grievances.

Handling International Carrier calls like ATT, MCI, SINGTEL, REACH 

Making Daily Reports of IPCC and RFO MTD.

Handling the team queries in absence of the TL / SME.

Escalating the sensitive cases to the respective stake holder as and when required.


My Laurels at Work:
· PIT STOP Challenge winner for the Mar-Apr’09.
· X-TRA MILE award winner for bringing improvement
Personal Assets:-

· Self Motivated and focused for results

· Can work under Enormous Pressure

· Eager to learn new things and share with others

· Highly motivated team player
Hobbies:-

· Listening to Music 

· Watching Movies

· Traveling

Date: 

Place: Mumbai                                                                  


  (Manju Prajapati)

