
















































 RESUME
PREMA N KATTIKAR
Mobile No: 7411330146
Email: prema.kattikar@gmail.com
Career Objective: 

Intend to build a career with leading corporate of high tech environment with committed & dedicated people, which will help me to explore myself fully and realize my potential.
Education Qualification:
	
Course

	
School/College
	
Year of passing
	
University/Board
	
Percentage

	
MBA
	Dr.D Veerendra Heggade Institute of Management Studies and Research. Dharwad
	
2018
	Karnataka University Dharwad.

	
66%

	
B.COM

	Basaveshwar Commerce College Bagalkot
	
2016
	Rani Chenamma University Belgaum
	
79%

	
PUC

	Ramlingeshwar commerce and Arts College kalloli
	
2013
	Pre- University Education board Karnataka.
	
77%

	
SSLC
	Ramlingeshwar High School Kalloli
	
2011
	Karnataka Secondary Education Examination Board.
	
72%



Project Details:
SIP: Summer In Plant Project
Company: Roquette Riddhi Siddhi Pvt Ltd. Gokak.
Title: “A study on financial stability and growth”
Duration: 2 months
Description: A study on financial stability and growth it is based on financial statements. And the calculations made on Ratio Analysis, stock and debtors turnover ratio, net sales and comparison of five years of data’s. It provides information to management most clear and precise manner about financial performance studying the interrelationship between various aspects Of
balance sheet ratios. This will help to know the efficiency and financial soundness of the company.
MCP: Major Concurrent Project
Company: Sharekhan Company Limited, Bangalore.
Title: “A study on Analysis of Hedge Ratio of CNX Nifty Future with Stock”
Duration: 2 Months
Description: A study on Analysis of hedge ratio of CNX Nifty future with stock it is based on stock market. And the calculation is made on the Individual stock and Index of selected company. It provides technical information in systematic manner which indicates and listed on stock market. This will help to know about company’s financial performance and soundness of the market.
Technical Skills:
· MS-Office, MS Excel
· Done with tally ERP 9
· Attended the sales darphan which was all about customer interaction
· Participated in Karvy seal workshop.
Strengths: 
· Learning new things
· Self-confident
· Good communication skill.
Hobbies / Interest:
· Cooking 
· Watching TV, Listening songs
· Interest in learning new languages.
Personal Information:
Date of Birth:        14-03-1996
Languages known: English, Kannada, Hindi.
Postal Address:      A/p Rajapur, Tq.Gokak, Dist. Belgaum. Pin: 591224
Declaration: The above given information is true to the best of my knowledge and benefits.
Date:
Place:                                                                                                                             PREMA N KATTIKAR

