




















































Resume


                                        Curriculum Vitae 
 
                                                              NAME: Dishi Gupta 
                                                          Mobile: +91 7007872984 
                                                    E-Mail: dishi.gupta29197@gmail.com  
 

OBJECTIVE  
 

I intend to build a career with leading corporate of hi-tech environment with committed & dedicated people, 

which will help me to explore myself fully and realize my potential. I am willing to work as a key player in 

challenging & creative environment. 
 

EXPERIENCE  
 

Organization -:  Wipro Limited 

Designation -:     Major Incident manager  

Experience -:      1 Year. 

 

JOB EXPERIENCEOBPROFILE  

 

Role & Responsibilities  
 

 Resolve incidents within the specified service Level Agreement/ Operational Level Agreement 

 Monitor the incident to ensure that the Service Level Agreement is respected.  

 The Incident manager role is to restore normal service operation as soon as possible by minimizing 
the financial impact on business. Ensure service quality and availability are maintains. 

 Determines if an incident needs to be escalated according to priority and severity of the issue.  

 Providing real time notifications of major incident remediation to the clients. 

 Ensure the closure of all resolved and end-user confirmed incident records.  
 

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION 

 

 I completed my Bachelor of Computer Application with 67% from Dr.VirendraSwarup Institute of 
Computer Studies Kanpur, passed out in year 2017 

 I completed my Higher Secondary Examination with 71% from CBSE in 2014.  

 I completed my Secondary Examination with 79% from CBSE in 2012. 
 

COMPUTER SKILL SET 

 

1. Platforms/Operating Systems:  Windows 7.   
2. MS office tools like word, Excel, Power point.  
3. Languages : C++, Java. 

 

ACHIVEMENTS 

 

 Awarded with certificate of participation in ethical hacking. 

 Awarded with certificate of participation in project developing in java.  

STRENGTH & HOBBIES 
 

 Strength – Adaptable and Ambitious, willingness to learn new things, potential worker 

 Hobbies – Dancing, Traveling.  
 

 

 
 

 

 
 



 

OTHER DETAILS 
 

Name:    Dishi Gupta 

Date of Birth:   29 Jan 1997   

Sex:    Female 

Marital status:   Unmarried 

Language known:             English, Hindi  

Permanent address:  Kanpur (U.P) 

 

DECLARATION 

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     

I hereby declare that all the information given above about myself is completely true & authentic as far as my 

knowledge is concerned.  

Dishi Gupta 

 


