














































Prakash Kumar Jha                Email: prakash.jha86@gmail.com   
                                                                    Mobile: +918871771500 

Objective                                                                       

I am looking forward to join a progressive organization which believes in 

utilizing my learning capability and transforming it into the successful 
outcome of the project. I am willing to work hard and have great enthusiasm 

to learn and grow. 

Summary 
1. Currently working as Team Lead/Software Engineer at Poornam Infovision Pvt 

Ltd. (Bobcares). 
2. Extensive hands on experience on server administration/Web Hosting and 

Remote Infrastructure Management. 

3. Resolving Tickets within SLA and assisting customers. 
4. Monitoring the services running in the server using different monitoring tools 

Nagios and Zabbix and troubleshooting Load and other performance issues. 

Education 
         Sagar Institute of Research and Technology, Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh  

             BE: Computer Science Engineering                      Year: 2016 

Personal Details 
Interests : Map reading, Awareness, Blogging, Cooking 

Language Proficiency: English and Hindi 

Professional Experience 
Team Unicorns 

Duration: September 2017- Till Date                    Role: Team Lead                                                                  

Team Size: 12 

Role Description:  
Team Unicorns is the Lead Team(Face of Bobcares) handling  approx. 50 clients 

having different types of infrastructure including shared hosting, VPS Hosting, 
Dedicated Hosting, Cloud Services etc. Every Client having a different set of 

procedures. 

Responsibilities: 

 Handling L2 and L3 issues normally escalated by other members in the team. 
 Web Hosting Support, C-Panel/WHM, Plesk, WHMCS, Websites/server 

migration & Security, email issues, load issues, server maintenance etc. 
 Performing Quality-checks and ensuring preventive corrective actions for 

team members 

 Training new members in the team. 
 Active Team Management 

 Regular Review Meetings with Clients On Skype. 
 Providing interactive sessions on DNS, Webserver, Mail Server, Database 

Server, Linux to the new trainees in the company. 

 

mailto:prakash.jha86@gmail.com


Team Blitzkrieg 
Duration: March 2017 – September 2017   Role: Linux System Administrator  

Team Size: 4 

Role Description:  
Working with the Canada based Web hosting company. Client provides dedicated 

servers, PS hosting, Cloud hosting and Shared hosting.  Hands on experience with 
Odin. 

Responsibilities: 

 Web Hosting Support, C-Panel/WHM, Plesk, WHMCS, Websites/server 

migration & Security, fixing email spam issues, load issues, server 
maintenance etc. 

 Common issues related to CMS like WordPress, Joomla, Drupal, DNN etc. 
 Responsible for maintaining Linux servers including web servers, mail servers 

and Panels. 

 Provisioning, installing and configuring new VMs and containers using Xen, 
Parallels and OnAPP. 

 Alert monitoring using Zabbix and Nagios and Solarwinds 
 Managing Shifts alone to handle tickets and alerts.  

Team Optimus  
 Duration: November 2016 to Feb 2017      Role: Linux System Administrator  

Team Size: 15 

Role Description:  
Working with the US based Web hosting company. Client only provides dedicated 
servers and VPS hosting. Client has an initial response SLA of 15 minutes and 

resolution time of 30 minutes for common issues. Hands on experience with 
Ubersmith and Kayako ticketing system.  

Responsibilities: 
 Resolving load and resource outages, Installing SSL certificates on domains, 

Abuse handling.  

 Basic Troubleshooting of the Linux and Windows servers and CMS like 
WordPress, Joomla etc.  

 Server Hardening and Prevention of hacking by continuous monitoring the 
server load and by stopping the brute force attacks in the CMS sites. 

 Web Hosting Support, C-Panel/WHM, Websites/server migration & Security, 

fixing email spam issues, load issues, etc. 
 Nagios Alert monitoring. 

 

Key Experiences 
 

 Setting up gateway server for SSH Login to all the server using aliases and 
key authentication method in Team Blitzkrieg. 

 Setting up several Bash scripts for Load tracking and killing, Spamming 

Alerts etc. for small clients who don’t have monitoring system in Team 
Unicorns. 


