














































Souvik Banerjee 
 

Flat No -102, Building 18,  
Vijay Park, Kasarvadavali  
G.B Road Thane(West),  
Pin: 4000615  
Tel: +91 8074695133 /7064267645 Email: souvikbanerjee.skb@gmail.com 

 

SUMMARY 

An action orientated and energetic analyst who is an expert at identifying areas within a business which needs 
improvement or modification. Souvik can collect, clarify and translate business requirements into documentation and then 
use that information to contribute to the profitability and efficiency of a business along with strong analytical skills with 
deep expertise in the application of analytics. 

 

 

TOOLS & TECHNOLOGY 

 

● Analytical Tools: Base SAS | R | Python 

● IDE’s: R-Studio | Jupyter Notebook |Spyder 

● Visualization Tools: Tableau | MS Excel 

● Database: SQL 

● Operating Systems Windows 7/10 

● Programing: Java 

 
 

MACHINE LEARNING TECHNIQUE 
 
 

● Regression:  Linear | Logistic 
 

● Classification: Logistic | SVM | Decision Tree(CART) 
 

● Ensembling:  Bagging | Boosting | Random Forest | Cross Validation 
 

● Unsupervised: Clustering (Apriori | K Means) 
 
 
EDUCATION 

 

2017 – 2018 Imarticus Learning Mumbai, India 
 
Certification in Data Science Powered by Genpact (Successfully Completed)

 

 
● R 
● Python 
● Tableau 
● Base SAS 

 
 

 



2011 - 2015 Kalinga Institute of Industrial Technology Bhubaneshwar, India 

 
● Bachelors of Engineering in Electronics & Tele-Communication 

 
 
2009 - 2011 St. Xavier's Collegiate School, Kolkata Kolkata , India  

● ISC (10+2) 
 

 
 
ACADEMIC PROJECTS  

  
Language: Python  

  
Content:   

  
 Credit Risk Analysis  

 
 Creating Time Series Forecast using Python  

 
 Big Mart Sales Prediction Using Python  

 
 
TOTAL WORK EXPERIENCE: 2.5 Years 
 
2015- Present   Accenture Services Pvt Ltd. 

 
Role: Application Development Analyst 

 
Responsibilities 
 

» To ensure proper functioning of applications in live production and to gather requirements and 
provide a business solution. 

 
» Supporting requests by the business to help access manage and price catastrophe risk through the 

use and interpretation of modeling results. 
 

» Involved and successfully automated the Daily Checks for the Client Based Application. 
 

» Responsible in taking downtime requirements from the Business and upgrading the versions of the 
application In DEV, QA , UAT and Prod Environments and providing walkthrough to the users once 
completed on each of the environments. 

 
» Onboarding new application as a part of the client requirement which involves excessive interaction 

with Vendor team to understand the functional knowledge of the application and then preparing 
detailed documentation. 

 
Achievements 
 

» Received appreciations for processing the work within the stipulated timelines set by the client and 
completing ad-hoc requests on time with proper efficiency.  

» Young Achiever Award received for quick learning and exhibiting proficiency in Insurance Domain. 
 
 
Personal Interest 
 

» Travelling 
»  Loves to Play Cricket 


