










































VAIBHAV CHANDRAKANTBHAI SATHIYA 
  

M. : (+91) 9574121308 
E-Mail: vaibhavsathiya916@gmail.com 

 

 

OBJECTIVE 
 

To obtain, challenging position in different progressive work environment and to 
perform best with my abilities with integrity, sincerity, team spirit, zeal to learn and to 
utilize my experience and skill with dedication and commitment to be successful in the 
real word of challenges. 

 

WORK EXPERIENCE 
 

Total 04 years of corporate work experience, with job areas like 
Telecommunication Service, operation, Finance & Account. 
 

Current Employer: 
 

Organization :   QX Global Services LLP 
Time Period :   Mar’18 to Till Date. 

Department :     Finance and Account (Account Payable) 

Post Held :     Account Officer 

Location :  Ahmadabad (India) 
 

Job Description : 
 

• My Responsibility to identify and highlight improved ways of working through 
continuous assessment of working practice. 

• To maintain Purchase Ledger/supplier accounts for areas of responsibility to 
include the completion of Supplier Statement Reconciliations as and when required 
and the regular and timely clearance of debit/unallocated cash balances. 

• To assist with the processing of invoices and credit notes for supplier accounts in 
areas of responsibility. 

• Keep track, process and reconcile payments and expenditures, including payroll, 
purchase orders, invoices, statements, checks..etc, in compliance with financial 
policies and procedures.  

• Resolution of all invoicing queries via email/phone for supplier accounts. 
• To chase for missing invoices with the suppliers. 
• Liaising closely with the client account team in order to prepare payable reports. 
• Prepare supplier payment list for client approval. 
• Prepare the BACS payment details and control file before payments are processed.  
• Timely and accurate processing, VAT Preparations, weekly cash-flow forecasts and 

payments for client services. 
• Prepare and send remittance advice for payments made.  
• Expenses claims are processed and paid per agreed timetable. 

 
Previous Employer: 
 

Organization :  VODAFONE MPESA PVT LTD.  
Time Period :  July’16 to Nov'17. 

Department : Commercial Operation- PAN India 

Post Held : Executive  

Location : Ahmadabad (India) 



 
Job Description : 
 

• My Responsibility to activate Customer, trade and Enterprise accounts by checking 
necessary Documents and check points. 

• I also flash MIS for customer, Trade and enterprise TAT, FTR and Rejection by doing 
analysis to the Corporate and circle Operation and customer Service leads. 

• Co-ordinate with Bank mobile commerce team to resolve customer queries and with 
Mpesa Finance Team for complete activation and documentation related query also 
for Merchant code, Enterprise code and SAP code creation for different type of 
Commission band. 

• Audit & final reconciliation of Trade & Enterprise agreements. 
 

Achievement 
 

• On boarding leading petrol Pumps and Gas Agencies as a merchant 
• I play significant role to achieve “Wallet of the year award 2017” for the Mpesa 

Wallet Due to fastest and accurate activation.  
• Received Lots of Appreciations from Mpesa Corporate, Operation, marketing, 

Product team for end to end resolution of queries.   
• Approximately 45,000 Accounts activated(Customer, trade & Enterprise) 
 

Organization : VODAFONE SHARED SERVICE INDIA PVT LTD. 
Time Period : Aug‘14 to July’16(2 -years). 

Department : M – Pesa, Customer Service Delivery  

Post Held :  Officer 

Location :  Ahmadabad (India) 
 

Job Description : 
 

• My Responsibility in this position to make MIS, of all over the India Registered 
Mpesa Customers. daily, Monthly and Quarterly basis and reporting to Corporate 
Officers and Stack Holders 

• Prepared PPT for Every Quarterly to give Presentation to the Manager also 
Corporate Officers. 

• I have knowledge of CRM (Customer Relationship Manager) Software and took 
Practical training in the company. 

• Also was handling Commission related activity to pay commission to the M-Pesa 
agents and resolved Technical queries, Wrong bank transfer, settlement, and 
Transaction related quires. 

 

Achievement : Closed 20,000 Mpesa customers’ queries through CRM. 
 

Organization : AFFINITY ASSOCIATES PVT LTD 
Department :  Account and Finance   

Post Held :  Accountant 

Location :  Ahmedabad (India) 
 

Job Description: 
 

• I have worked as an U.K firm vat Return Preparation. I was responsible to prepare 
various bank reconciliation, payable, Relievable entries, Finalization of accounts and 
I am responsible for maintaining books of various restaurants. 

• Accounts payable, Accounts Receivable and Bank reconciliations 
 
 



ACADEMIC  QUALIFICATION 

 
➢ I’ve completed B. Com. (Bachelor of Commerce) from Gujarat University in 2010. 

 
TECHNICAL SKILL 

 
Databases : MS Access, Excel, Word. 
OS :  Windows XP onwards… 
Others : Account Software like Tally 9.0 ERP, Quick books, Sage,  
  Yardi (Property Management software), Viztopia, 
  SAP (FICO): Learning FICO Module of SAP.MIS, CRM, 
  Zendex (Customer Service Software) Online Portals 
  VAT, Excise, Service Tax, Income Tax. 
 
 

KEY SKILLS AND ABILITIES 

 
• Creative &self-starter, good listener, observer & organizer 
• Ability to work on own initiative and result oriented 
• Effective team worker and ready to work in any situation 
• Detail oriented, strong learning and organizing skills matches with ability to manage 

stress, time and resources effectively. 
• Having positive attitude 

 
AREA OF INTEREST 

 
• Lead, Management 
• Education, Science & Technologies. 

 
PERSONAL  INFORMATION 

 
Date of Birth  :         28-01-1988  
Gender  :  MALE 
Marital Status :       UNMARRIED 
Nationality  :            INDIAN 
Religion  :          HINDU  
Language known :   ENGLISH, HINDI, GUJARATI 
 
 

ADDRESS 

 
A/6, Badrish Row House, Nr. Shalibhadra Society,  
D-Cabin, Sabarmati, Ahmedabad-380019 
 

DECLARATION 

 
I, Vaibhav Sathiya, hereby declare that all the information presented above is true to the 
best of my knowledge. 
 

 

 

 

 

PLACE: Ahmedabad 

DATE:            VAIBHAV SATHIYA 


