














































 

              Rohit Kumar Keshri 
                                                                                                                            E-mail: rohitkeshri367@gmail.com 

                                                                                                  Mob: +91-7631189703 

 

 

Professional Summary: 

 

 

Technical Skills: 

Databases Knowledge SQL 

Operating System Solaris 10.5, Redhat Linux  
 

Other Skillsets 
 

UNIX Shell Scripting, Java 

Proprietary tools used 
 

Control-M, Geneos, PUTTY. 

 

Projects Worked On: 

Project Name 
 

Global Equities Derivative (Deutsche Bank) 
 

Employer HCL Technologies Ltd 
 

Client Deutsche Bank 
 

Tools used 

 
Control M, Geneos, PUTTY 

Role Software Engineer (Application and Production Management) 

 

Project Description: 

Risk management is the identification, assessment and prioritization of risks followed by coordinated 

and economical application of resources to minimize, monitor and control the probability and/or impact 

of unfortunate events or to maximize the realization of opportunities. Risk management’s objective is 

to assure uncertainty does not deflect the endeavor from the business goals. 

 

 

 

Current Employment HCL Technologies Ltd 

Total Work Experience 2.8 years 

Qualification Bachelor of Engineering (E&C) 

mailto:rohitkeshri367@gmail.com


 

Responsibilities: 

1. Taking care of trade flows from Upstream to Downstream. 

2. Analysis, Debugging, Investigation, Finding and fixing root causes of various alerts. 

3. Monitoring and troubleshooting alerts from the GENEOS monitoring tool and CONTROL-M. 

4. Monitoring JSM for Job counts of books on configs across the regions. 

5. Running and managing shell scripts i.e. .sh and. ksh as per business need. 

6. Working on Blade health issue across regions, making blade health up, down, checking status. 

7. Monitoring applications like, GM Risk, Dbrat and JSM.  

8. Checking logs for different issues. 

 

Clients worked for: 

Sr. No. Client Project 

1 Deutsche Bank Global Equities Derivative  

 

Professional Courses: 

1 JBC program in HCL 

2 Embedded training Certificate 

 

Personal Information: 

Name ROHIT KUMAR KESHRI 

Address Renuka Niwas, 2nd Floor, Yeswant Nagar, Kharadi   

Landmark: Beside Amar restaurant, Near BOI.  

Pune – 411014. 

Maharashtra, India. 

Alternate Mail-id rohitaec27@gmail.com 

Contact No. +91-7631189703 

Place of Birth Chatra, Jharkhand, India. 

Languages English, Hindi  

Marital Status Unmarried 

Passport P9971303 

 

 



 

 


