














































 
                    

 

 

G.VENKATESH                                                                  Mobile:  +91-9963631434 
KPHB 3rd Phase, Hyderabad                                                                                          Email   :  venkateshgvk@yahoo.com 

 
Objective 

 To contribute creative technical skills, experience and collaborate with a team that enhances me and the 
organization's success 

Summary 

  

 2 years 9 months of experience as Software Developer in Design, Analysis, Cross Platform Application 
Development, Testing and Deployment of web and client server applications using Microsoft Technologies. 

 Excellent Hands-on experience in application development using with ASP.Net.MVC, Web API, Angular JS, 
C# as the code-behind language with ADO.NET  as the Database Data Consumer. 

 Experienced in working with Angular 2, React Native, Redux and Microsoft Azure. 

 Extensive experience in SQL Server Database design, Database maintenance, developing T-SQL queries, 
stored procedures, and triggers using SQL Server. 

 Experience in DOM manipulation and utilizing various plug-ins using jQuery and Java Script. 

 Worked with with TFS, SVN, IIS, AJAX, XML and consuming Web Services. 

 Good working experience in Ag-Grid, RDLC Reports, Entity Framework, LINQ  and Bootstrap. 

 Expertise in debugging an application using the debugging tools provided by the Visual Studio.Net IDE 

 Exposure to software architecture, Requirements definition, client interface implementation and hosting in 
Server. 

 Effective in working independently and collaboratively in teams. 

 Creative thinker and analytical problem-solver with demonstrated ability to solve project issues under the 
pressure of fast-paced, time-sensitive environments. 
 

Company Name Location Duration Role 

XAMPR Hyderabad Feb’17 to till date Software Developer 

SatNav Technologies Hyderabad Nov’15 to Jan’17 Software Engineer 

 
       

Skill Set 

  

Languages  C#.Net, VB.net 

Technologies ASP.Net, ADO.Net, MVC, Angular JS, JavaScript, jQuery, Web API, Web 
services, Entity Framework, LINQ, React Native, Redux, Angular 2 

Development/Productivity Tools Microsoft Visual Studio 

Databases MS SQL Server , Microsoft Azure, Sqlite 

Source Safe Tools TFS, Tortoise SVN 

Application Server IIS 

 

Academic Profile 

 

 Master of Engineering M.E.(ECE) from MVSR Engineering College, Osmania University 

 B.Tech MallaReddy Engineering Colleg, JNTU Hyderabad. 



 

 

Projects Summary 

 

1.   XAMPR  

Role Software Developer 

Clients  ITC 

Duration  February 2017 – till date 

Environment 

 

Software 

 

Languages: C#.Net, LINQ 

Web Application: MVC 4.0, Web API, Angular 2, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX 

Mobile Application: React Native, Redux 

Database: Azure Cloud Storage, SQLite 

Responsibilities  Served as Full Stack Developer for the XAMPR product development team.  

 Involved in all phases of the project life cycle and Integration of the front-end and 
back-end aspects of the web and mobile application 

 Analysis of requirements and converting raw problem statement into working 
software on Mobile and Web in technology stack  

Back-End: 
 Extensively used WebAPIs to power the application and building reusable code. 
 Worked on TableQueries to query  Azure Table Storage for data transaction 
 Designed and implemented scenarios of customizable push notifications for Cross 

Platform Applications 
 Created WorkerRoles for background processing in Azure Cloud Service. 
 Implementation of customized workflow requirements on daily basis 
 Created system design/implementation and recommended improvements in areas such 

as role based control over the UI components in mobile application 
Front-End: 
 Designed and developed web applications like Admin Portal and Web version of 

XAMPR  using C#, ASP.Net MVC 4, Angular2, AJAX, Bootstrap, html, CSS with Azure as 
backend 

 Extensively worked from the scratch on ReactNative for building XAMPR Cross 
Platform Mobile App 

 Implemented chat functionality for User level and Group Level 
 Developed the interactive and reusable UI components for various modules  which will 

work on IOS and Android 
 Consumed SQLite to perform data operations locally in mobile application 
 Integrated Redux store with Native Application 
 Worked on performing background tasks after receiving the notifications and the 

synchronization with server 
 Hands on experience with Expo SDK 
 Involved in Unit Testing for the builds  
 Handled many production issues in effective way 

 

Description:  

        Xampr is a new age Technology first mobile enterprise platform designed to enable Enterprise 
Collaboration on top of Business workflows. Xampr allows seamless integration of transactions by enabling micro 
workflow templates and contextual collaboration. Xampr offers as powerful suite of collaboration tools like project 
management, community creation, forums, questions, surveys, to-do list and chats built over each workflow and 
hence becoming an integral part of the business process. Capturing data from last mile integration, corroborating 
into backend, generating insights to make decisions allows for superior user experience helping build company brand 
and market place agility. 

 
  



 

 

2.  QuickFMS 

Role Software Engineer (a-mantra Product Team) 

Clients Reliance Capital, Bin-Drai, Oliva Clinic, Capgemini and Yes Bank 

Duration November 2015 – January 2017 

Environment 

 

Software 

 

Languages: C#.Net, VB.net, LINQ 

Web Technologies: Asp.net 4.0, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular JS 

Database: MS SQL Server 

Responsibilities  Involved in development of all modules in QuickFMS 

 Developed and Provided support work for various prominent clients like RCAP, Bin-Drai, 
and Capgemini. 

 Written stored procedures, triggers, Cursors using SQL Server 2008. 

 Worked on exporting RDLC Reports to Excel, PDF and Word from Ag-Grid using 
Angular JS extensively for various modules 

 Worked on customized workflow requirements for the client Yes Bank using Asp.Net 
MVC 4.0 and Entity Framework. 

 Handled many production issues and enhancement to the existing live portals. 

 Developed Web Forms using C# and ASP.NET. 

 Extensively used Grid Views sorting and paging and Used AJAX in some web forms. 

 Wrote Mail Triggering procedures for sending Emails to clients after any kind of 
transaction and Created SQL Server Agent Jobs 

 Deployment of Application on Test and Production Server. 

 Provided Production Support.  
 

Description:  

        The scope of facility management software (QuickFMS) is in the range of modules Space, Asset, 
Property, Help Desk, Conference Room booking and Employee Service Portal. Maintaining control within 
organizational spaces and the employees and assets occupying those spaces can be stored & tracked down. The 
team a- mantra also includes a customizable work flow for a new item to be added to the system.  

  

3.  Pre-School Admission Management System 

Role Software Engineer 

Client Sunshine Preschools & DayCare 

Duration October 2016 – December 2016 

Environment 

 

Software 

 

Languages: C#.Net, VB.Net,ASP.Net 

Database: Microsoft SQL Server 2008 

O/s: Windows 7 

Platform: VS2012 

Responsibilities  Worked intensely on the User Interface using ASP.Net, JAVASCRIPT, HTML, CSS 

 Analysis of requirement, software design specifications.  

 Database design and Stored Procedures using MS SQL Server 2008. 

 Integrated SMS/Mail alerts as reminder to the Parents 

Description:  

                Pre-School Admission Management system is the system for making life of Preschool’s office staff easier. 
It can search students and staff according to the parameters like Name, Class, and Student Id.  Admin can make 
student enrollment and Proper fee updates when parent pay the term fee.  It has the following in-built features:- 

 Role based Authentication & Authorization 

 Auto Computations of  due amount,  annual fee summary, Fee Not Paid, Drop Out Student lists etc are 
generated in Reports and facility of Exporting to PDF & Excel. 


	Objective
	Summary
	Skill Set
	Academic Profile
	Projects Summary

