














































CURRICULUM VITAE

JASMINE M B
8197703622
stephyjasmine@gmail.com

CAREER OBJECTIVES

 To solve problems in an effective/ creative manner in a challenging position. To use my 
educational skills to the best possible way for achieving the company’s goal. Seeking for an 
opportunity to be a part of an organization that provides an environment for learning and growth,
enabling me to contribute my best to the organization.

Education:

 Master of Science with specializations from Mangalore University (2013-2015).
 Bachelor of Science from Mangalore University in (2010-2013)

Employment summary:

 Worked as a Business HR Associate in P.V.R Cinemas Ltd from Feb 2016 to July 2016.
 Working as HR Admin in Peninsula group from 23 Sep 2016 to till date.

PVR Cinemas

Roles and Responsibilities:

 Recruitment.
 Handling on boarding process for new joiners
 Handling all the queries related with offer letters, confirmations, leave, salary & 

expenses, PF settlement, F&F, attendance, reimbursements, and medi claim policies for 
all employees.

 Maintaining Human Resource Information System (HRIS) using Oracle software.
 Maintaining attendance, Leaves & advance records of the employees.
 Handling biometrics application for check-in and checkout of employees.
 Interacting with employees on regular basis to be informed about their concerns and 

queries. 
  Monitor the inventory, and maintenance of office stationeries.
 Maintain proper documentation & records regarding all essential aspects of employees. 



Peninsula Group

Roles and Responsibilities:

 Recruitment 
 Posting job ads and organizing resumes and job applications.
 Scheduling job interviews and assisting in interview process.
 Ensuring background and reference checks are completed.
 Preparing new employee files.
 Orienting new employees to the organization (setting up a designated log-in, workstation,

email address, etc.)
 Administering new employment assessments
 Serving as a point person for all new employee questions
 Processing payroll.
 Maintaining HR files and databases
 Serving as a point of contact with vendors & housekeeping.
 Compiling reports and spreadsheets and preparing spreadsheets
 Setting appointments and arranging meetings.
 Maintaining calendars of HR management team.
 Blog & content writing & helping in developing websites.

PERSONAL INFORMATION

Husband’s name :           Girish C.T.
Gender : Female
Marital status : Married
Date of Birth : 4/12/1992
Languages Known : English, Hindi, Kannada, Tamil & Coorgi.
Address :           Bommanahalli Bangalore-68

Declaration

I hereby declare that the entries in this form are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 

Further, if selected, I will abide by the rules and regulations of the organization and also the 

directions given to me from time to time.

Place: Bangalore

Date:  



                                                                                                                                         (Jasmine)   


