










































Dilkhush Bharucha

DILKHUSH BHARUCHA 
5/Ajeet Bld, Plot no 148, Sher-e-Punjab Society, Next to Tolani College, Andheri (E), Mumbai - 93
Customer Service & Operations
Commerce graduate with 7 years work history in operations management specializing in branch operations, customer service and new business generation through up-sell/cross-sell.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company, Mumbai


Feb ‘06 – Mar ‘12
Branch Customer Service Manager, Mumbai 



Oct ‘08 – Mar ‘12
                                                                    
Led a team of 8 employees and 7 CPAs to manage a customer base of appx 1.1 million with AUM of appx.8185 million to deliver following responsibilities:-

(1) Customer Service:
Manage customer service framework of branch and provide end to end resolution of all customer interactions.

Provide resolution to customer complaints and escalations within TAT and take initiatives to reduce their origination while adhering to closure quality norms.
Execute customer retention exercise to guard against leakage in AUM.
Achievements:
Number of complaints reduced to 20 per quarter from 170 per quarter by end of FY 2012.


Retention increased to 40% of surrender request/ partial withdrawal request by end of FY 2012.

(2) Operations:
Adhere to company guidelines for error free processing of applications via proper and timely training to related parties. 

Liaise with Central Operations and Central Underwriting teams to

(a) enhance sales support for timely policy issuance and 

(b) ensure timely settlement of claims.
End to end supervision of new advisor membership applications along with training of sales managers on underwriting norms.

Manage daily branch reconciliation along with various MIS as desired by management. 

Achievements:
Attainted Six Sigma (monthly review) in branch operations for three consecutive years. 
Branch audit received ‘Green’ tag for 2 consecutive years highlighting highest level of compliance.
… contd pg. 2




:2:

3) Revenue generation: Achieve renewal targets for the branch as communicated from time to time and contribute to branch revenue maximization via Top –Up solicitations. 
Provide Service-to-sales via new policy solutions for branch Walk Ins and references.
Achievements:
Led the branch to attain 3rd position Pan India for achieving record sales via sales-to- service channel.

(4) Additional:
Pan Mumbai responsibility of off-role employees’ on-boarding and vendor management.
Process request for additional off-role employees’ hires basis productivity matrix and appropriate approvals. 

HONORS
2012  
Awarded ICICI Prudential prestigious TATVA GOLD STANDARD for excellence in customer service, branch operations and contribution to branch business.
2011 


(a) Awarded TATVA for display of right leadership & environment in Q2.
(b) Awarded ‘Extra Mile’ for achieving renewal premium of INR 2 million in the last week of November.
2010 
Awarded Master Blaster for exceeding revenue targets under service to sales category. 
2006-09 
Awarded with “HOWZATT” 6 times for initiatives other than key result areas.
CARRER PROGRESSION 

Feb ‘06
Appointed as Company Customer Service Executive to manage branch related customer queries with ICICI Prudential Life Insurance.
Feb ‘07
Promoted as Customer Service Associate with additional responsibilities of branch operations.

Sep ‘07
Promoted as Branch in-charge with responsibilities of team management for branch service and operations apart for customer escalations.

Oct ‘08
Promoted as Customer Service Manager for management of Tier I branch.
 …contd pg. 3

:3:
 EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION

 Mar 2005
Bachelor of Commerce, Mumbai University with specialization in Accounts

 

Mar 2002
Higher secondary certificate (HSC) from Maharashtra State Board 

Mar 2000
Secondary School Certification (S.S.C) from Maharashtra State Board 

 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
Date of Birth: 

5th November, 1984
Marital Status: 

Single
Hand phone:

+91 9833243441

Email id:

dilkhushb@gmail.com
Religion:  

Zoroastrian
Languages known: 
English, Hindi, Marathi, Gujarati.

                               

  

