














































Curriculam-Vitae 
 

NAME  : GAURAV SHARMA 
Address : H- Block, House No. 11, Sec 12, 
                Noida(U.P)- 201301 
Phone  : +91-9999379640  
E-mail  : gauravsharma1412@gmail.com                    
Date of Birth : 14th, December, 1988. 
 
 

Career Objective  
 

 Seeking an opportunity in any organization to utilize the plethora of skills.  I have developed 
during my whole career. 

 

Academic Qualifications 
 

Degree/ 
Certificate 

Specialization 
School / College/ Board/ 

University 
Year of 
Passing 

B.Com(P)  
Commerce DelhiUniversity 2011 

Class XII 
 

Commerce C.B.S.E 2007 

Class X 
 

 C.B.S.E 2005 

 
 

 Professional Qualifications  
  

Diploma/ 
Certificate 

Specialization Institute Year of Passing 

GNIIT 
Computer Application NIIT 2012 

 
 
 

Skills Set                                                                                        
 

 Internet Knowledge.  

 MS- Office (Word, Excel, Power-Point). 

 Lean certified 

 Six Sigma yellow belts certified. 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Experience 
 

 10 Months (Oct’10 to Aug’11) of work experience with Aegis Global Limited as CSR in a 
Retailing Project. 
 

 1 Year and 4 Months (Aug’11 to Feb’13) of work experience with IBM Global Process Services 
as an Escalation Helpdesk Executive. 

 

 2 Years and 9 Months (Mar’13 to Mar’16) of work experience with Steria India Ltd as a Senior 
Executive (HRO). 
 

 1 Year (Mar’16 to Present) of work experience with Birlasoft as a Senior HR Executive. 
 

Job Profile 
 
Aegis:- 
 

 Taking order and taking responsibility that order needs to be delivered at Customer place. 
 

 Taking feedback of customer related to product. 
 

 Visiting Outlet and checking the production at operation location. 
 

 Providing Training to new Batches. 
 
IBM:- 

 Handing customer quires on call and email. 
 

 Problem Identification, Checking feasibility, Implementation of data as well removes error from 
data by generating Test Cases or following a Test case cycle. 

 

 Customer Database Creation, Modification, Updating and Edition of database. 
 

 Maintaining Data integrity. 
 

 Building a healthy relationship between the End user and Company. 
 
 
Steria:- 
 

Employee Relation –  
 

 To advise and support line managers in the handling of all ER matters. To support the business in 
resolving matters of conflict at the earliest opportunity and to be involved in an advisory capacity 
in the management of any formal processes within these areas and to attend formal hearings. 

 

 To develop effective relationships with the business to promote good employee relations across 
the organization. 

 

 To assist with the introduction of new or revised ER policy and process issues, including delivery 
of workshops, ensuring that line managers are appropriately equipped and continuously 
supported in introducing and managing such changes. 
 



 Providing advice and guidance on disciplinary and welfare cases, capability, grievance, and 
coaching managers where appropriate. 

 

 To contribute to and develop policies, procedures and processes in relation to areas of 
responsibility and to collaboratively work with colleagues in Policy & Strategy. 

 
 
Payroll –  
 

 Updating and maintaining payroll records. 
 

 Liaising with staff and management on payroll related queries. 
 

 Maintaining leave, sickness and overtime reports. 
 

 Interpreting awards/agreements and contracts in relation to overtime, shift allowances etc. 
 

 Payroll administration – setting up new starters, terminations, transfer & promotions. 
 

 Calculation and payment of termination payments. 
 

 Address employee's pay-related concerns and provide accurate payroll information. 
 

 Develop, manage and maintain comprehensive payroll records. 
 

 Investigate and correct payroll discrepancies and errors. 
 

 Complete requests for pay-related documents including statements and verifications. 
 

 
Birlasoft:-  
 

 Proving payroll inputs to finance team. 
 

 Policy Review  
 

 Induction & HR Connects with employees 
 

 Handing Employee queries.  
 

 Review Management on Glassdoor. 
 

 Updating HR Master data on Peoplesoft . 
 

 Driving HR initiatives 
 

 Appraisal and Review closer. 
 

 HR Connects with employees. 
 

 Taleo Implementation 
 

 Background Verification 
 



Hobbies/Co-curricular Activities                                                                                          
 

 Painting. 

 Listening to Music. 
 

Personal Profile 
 

 Father’s Name  : Mr. Sushil Kumar Sharma 

 Marital Status  : Single. 

 Gender   : Male 

 Nationality  : Indian. 

 Language Known : Hindi, English. 
 
 

I hereby declare that the facts given in resume are correct to the best of my knowledge & belief. 
 
 

 
(GAURAV SHARMA)      
 


