














































Sample resume for an accounts payable specialist


AVINASH B. BANGAR  
 

 

 

Address- Flat No.202, Nathani Building, Opposite Veer Hospital, Tapkir 

chowk, Kalewadi, Pune 411017  

Email ID- avibangar94@gmail.com                   Contact No: 9511271248 / 8149658550 

 
 

 

KEY SKILLS 
 

 

• Accounts Payable Processes & Management 

• Overview of Purchase Orders & Requisitions 

• Processing Payment for Invoices & Expense Reports 

• Credit Notes & Pending Aged Payable Invoices 
Analysis 
 

• Overview of Vendor Management 

• Invoice Processing (Oracle - R12) 

• Teambuilding & Leading Team from Front 

• Reporting & Analysis  

 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
 

 

WNS Global Services Pvt. Ltd. (BPM) Magarpatta City, Pane  

Sr. Process Associate, 14th Nov 2016 to 10th Dec 2018 (Serving Notice Period) 

 

During short span of 2 years worked in Accounts Payable (Procure to Pay) department as Senior Process Associate. 
Successfully completed Training Programs organized by the management and actively participate in all activities. Worked in 
Invoice processing team for 1 year 4 months (including Training period of 1 Months) and in Disbursement Team (Payment 
Team) for 8 Months (Training period of 1 Month). Always shown the positive approach in the critical situations and lead the 
issues from front and resolve them.      
 

Key Results: 

• Managed the accurate and timely processing of Invoices by Validating all the key elements to avoid any incorrect 
Invoicing / duplicate Invoice. Ensuring the urgent requests of payment will get processed on timely and worked 
along with payments team in order to process payment for the same.    

• Processed invoices set up in Two-way matching / three-way matching along with worked on the Holds which get 
placed on Invoices in system due to Invoice – PO Qty. Price Discrepancy. 

• Successfully reduced the number of volumes of Invoices from Holds and maintained the accuracy while releasing 
the holds from Invoices and presented the Data to the Offshore Management / Onshore Client.  

• Successfully completed the Aging Analysis project on the Validated Invoices for payment but not paid. Analyze the 
reasons of unpaid Invoices by coordinating with Payments team and reduced the Pending volume by presenting the 
data to Management. 

• Credit Analysis of old aged unutilized credit memo’s in system. Analyzing the reasons and issues and resolved the 
same in order to utilized Credit while making payments to Vendor/ Expense reports. Seeking suppliers for refund 
against the Credit Memo’s (if the business will not continuous with them) 

• Has been part of Implementing E-Invoicing portal which will reduce Manual work & speedy payment transactions. 
Increasing Transparency & accuracy in Invoicing and payment processing.  

• Processing payments to Vendors / Employees for Invoices/ Expense reports. Analyzing the Bank Outstanding’s 
open entries in Cash Book/ Bank 

• Worked on all types of payment rejections received while processing payments such as Oracle Rejection (missing 
banking details in Oracle system) Bank Rejections (Payment rejected by Bank due to Invalid credentials of 
payments/ rejected by beneficiary bank due to remittance details missing)    

• Reconciliation of open entries in Bank outstanding’s, such as Refund from Suppliers/ Employees, Manual payment 
made by Client, Direct Debit Entries in Bank. 

mailto:avibangar94@gmail.com


• Leading team from front in critical situations- such as any escalation received from Onshore clients responded in 
positive way. Motivated team to work beyond the allocated activities and explore themselves with their new ideas 
and innovations (if any) 

 
 

EDUCATION 
 

 
 

       
COURSE 

INSTITUTION BOARD 
/UNIVERSITY 

YEAR OF 
PASSING 

PERCENTAGE/MARKS 

 
B.COM  

 
Commerce College 

Kolhapur 

 
Shivaji 

University      
   Kolhapur 

 

 
 

2016 

 
 

60.06% 

              
HSC 

 
 

 
Savarkar College 

Beed 

 
BAMU University 

Aurangabad 

 
2012 

 
79% 

              
SSC 

 

 
Beed High school 

 
BAMU University 

Aurangabad 

 
2010 

 
56% 

 
 

 
 

TECHNOLOGY SUMMARY 
 

 

• Oracle (R12):  Have good knowledge and work experience of 2 Years work of Oracle software. Become handy for 
pooling reports, processing Invoices/ Payments, working on Month End close activities in Oracle.        

• MS Office: Successfully completed MSCIT Course in 2010 after pass out of 10th Std. Worked experienced on the MS 
office is of 2 years, using Excel for preparing the Reporting Compliance Data with functions such as VLOOKUP, Pivot 
Tables/ Charts etc. Used MS Outlook for Sending / receiving emails/ meetings etc. 

•   Tally ERP 9.0: Successfully completed Three months Training program of Tally ERP 9.0 in 2012, however don’t have 
the experienced in practical work for the same.  

 
 

PERSONAL PROFILE 
 

 

• Name   :  Avinash Baban Bangar 

• Date & Place of birth  :  11-05-1994 at Beed 

• Fathers Name  :  Baban Rustumrao Bangar 

• Nationality   :  Indian 

• Marital Status  :  Unmarried 

• Languages known  :  English, Hindi, Marathi 

• Sex                                 :  Male 

• Mobile Number               : +919511271248 / 8149658550 

• Hobbies                          : Learning new things 

 
 

DECLARATION 
 

 
 

I hereby declare that the above information is true and correct to the best of my knowledge. I bear the responsibility for 
the correctness of the mentioned particulars. 
 
Date: 
Place: Pune                                                                    Name: Avinash Bangar 
 


