














































1

Resume  3.5 years Exp 
Ekta Singh

Flat. No- B-15, Nirmal Town Ship, Sasane Nagar, Hadapsar, Pune -411028
M: +91-8698761456
                                           E: singhekta506@gmail.com
PERSONAL SUMMARY
To realize myself in terms of satisfaction & prosperity, satisfaction that results from the sense of achievement. I am looking for an organization that will appreciate and draw, intelligence & hard work and will create avenues for personal and professional growth.
Strong customer service experience and a background of achievement in supporting all levels of management & working to set schedules and deadlines.
Looking for a company which will challenge my problem solving skills and allow me to continue to develop my knowledge and potential.
	
	
	


WORK EXPERIENCE

Tech Mahindra Business Services                     :       22 September 2016  till date
Present Salary                                                       :        4, 00, 000  p.a
Customer Relation  Advisor (Retentions)      :       Reporting to Team  Leader
Protocol Solutions Pvt Ltd                                  :       April 2016- 21 September 2016
 Customer Sales Executive (Sales) Airlines and Travel Domain

Snk Technologies                             
:   1.5 Years 
       Team Coach                                                 :  Reporting to Manager 

       Team Size                                                     :  20 People
Skills 
· Customer Service Attitude.

· Some Basic understanding of CEC Audit & Coaching Process.
· Technical Knowledge of English Communication – Intonation, Punctuation etc.

· Presentation, Feedback & Coaching Skills.

· Receptiveness to change . 

· Interest in role / Motivation factors.

Roles and Responsibilities 
· Monitor calls on Communication, Soft Skills, Process & Compliance Parameters.

· Provide Coaching and feedback to enhance agent performance.
· Analyze the Coaching/ training needs of the agent & support them in delivery.

· Participate in calibrations to ensure consistent scoring & Feedback delivery approach.

· Keep the reps updated on new process changes/updates, Improvement initiatives.
· Plan and run campaigns to drive Awareness/ Improvements on compliance,
             Communication process.
ACADEMICS
· Pursuing BBA from Arihant Institute Of Business Management.
· H.S.C. from Nios Board, Pune 
· S.S.C. from Nios Board, D.B.M.S School , Jamshedpur 
PERSONAL
DOB



: 
05/06/1997
Passport


: 
No
Status



: 
Single
Nationality


: 
Indian
DECLARATION
I do hereby declare that all the information given above is true and correct to the best of my knowledge.
Date
:   



Signature
:
                                                                                                                      Ekta Singh
