















































SATTAM DAS 
Email Id: sattam123@gmail.com 
Phone: 9609652375 
 

Personal Summary 
 1.8 years of experience in Appian BPM. 

 2 years of IT experience. 

 Appian Analyst Credential certified BPM practitioner. 

 Pegasystems Certified System Architect (CSA) 7.1 BPM practitioner, excellent hands-on. 

 Well versed with SAIL terminologies and experience in designing user input forms, Tempo 
reports, CDT structure. 

 Good experience in designing and developing Appian-BPM based applications 

 Was part of the BPM COE team in Mphasis 

 B.Tech in Computer Science & Engineering with 8.2 DGPA. 

 
 

Technical Competencies 
 BPM products               : Appian 16.2, Pega PRPC 7.1 

 Web Technologies : HTML, XML, Javascript, Struts, CSS, Apache Tomcat, ASP.NET, JSP 

 Databases  : Oracle SQL, MySQL developer, Oracle 10g 

 Languages                        :  Java, J2EE, C#, C++, Python 

 Frameworks                     : Struts, .NET, BPM frameworks 
 

Projects 
1. Order fulfillment System 

 
            Description: 

           Task is to design a system for a leading telecom giant which will process wholesale 

orders received from an upstream system to a downstream application. Develop the system 

such as it will receive orders and the orders will go through multiple validations before 

feeding to the downstream systems. Designing high level process flows with complex 

business logics. Developing tempo reports which consists of complex functionality. 

              Role: Developer 
Technologies: Appian 16.2. 
Responsibilities: 

 Gathering and understanding Client requirements and implementing them 
accordingly. 

 Demonstrated portal report, tempo report, records and dashboard features of 
Appian. 

 Developed Task reports where users could view the order details. This task report 
also has filters according to the task status. 

 Created complex process flows for different kinds of telecom orders. 

 Worked on Change Request Solutions.  

 Configured security for process model, reports and records. 

 Attended UAT calls and made instant changes as per the user requirements. 



 Provide full lifecycle support to clients from initial client interaction and 
requirements analysis through design, coding, testing, debugging, implementation 
and integration. 

 Received appreciation from the client on a daily basis for developing a scalable 
system.          

 Deployed many enhancement which led us to several new business wins.  

      

2. Order fulfillment Systems Support 
 
Description: 

                        Task is to provide production support for already existing system developed by our  
team. These Order fulfillment systems consist of different kind of telecom orders which includes 
creating several tasks which needs to be completed by the assigned group, tracking it’s progress and 
updates. Monitoring all the Orders and keeping track in SQL database. 

 
Role: Appian Production Support   
Technologies: Appian 16.2 
Responsibilities: 

 Providing Production Support for Order fulfillment System Developed by team. 

 Involved in maintaining and analyzing performance of the system. 

 Suggesting scope of improvement in system based on user feedback and registered 
tickets. 

 R & D and enhancement of existing system. 

 Finding root cause and deploying changes accordingly. 
 

3. Customer on-boarding solution (Internal) 

          Description: 
                   This application facilitates efficient tracking and monitoring of different processes that are 
involved in the on-boarding of the institutional customers of Financial Institutions, thereby enabling 
acceleration of the entire process. The system facilitates processes like capturing client information 
and documents, reviewing and approving the info, tracking KYC, etc. 
 
Role                 : Developer and Infrastructure Management 
Skill/Tool  : Appian 16.2 
 
Roles and Responsibilities: 

 Created UIs according to BRS collected by senior business analyst. 

 High level process analysis and design for the application. 

 Implemented validations and created business rules as per the requirements. 

 Involved in Appian 16.2 server setup over the intranet, and also managing server 
infrastructure and maintenance as and when required. 

  
 
Date of birth: 08/04/1992. 
Languages Known: English, Hindi and Bengali. 
 
I hereby declare that the above mentioned details are true to the best of my knowledge. 
 
Sattam Das. 
 



 


