



















































Curriculum Vitae
Manjar Ali
Mob-+91  8285862386
Address-RC-65, Adarsh Nagar, Makanpur Khora Colony, Ghaziabad, UP-201309 (Delhi/NCR)
Email id- manzarali111@gmail.com
Objective
To work in a competitive environment related to my experience which involve Consumer Behavior, organizational behavior, human resource, And to gain more and more knowledge. 
Synopsis: 
➢ 3.1 Years of professional experience in HR , Worked As HR Generalist, Recruiter, On boarder, Project HR.
· End to end Recruitment activities, Letter generation, Employee engagement activities,
· Documents management, Vendor negotiation, Report Generation , Full n Final Settlement , Daily Grievances.
➢ Proficient in policy development and documentation. 
➢ Proficient in handling Work pressure and dealing with people from Executive to Top level. 
➢ Proven ability to work efficiently as an Individual player as well a team player. 
➢ Strong in Written, Communication and interpersonal skills. 
➢ Very confident in handling challenges and reacting sensibly as an HR professional. 
 
Experience Highlights: 
HR Executive at Genesis Colors from 1 Feb  2018 to till date– Handling Fifteen Brand with the manpower of 1000+
Key Activities: 

❖Offer Letter: Making of Salary Structure, Checking Mandatory Documents, and Releasing the Offer letter.
❖Pre Onboarding: Scheduling Medical Fitness Checkup, Through Call and Mail to Check up Centre as well candidate, Align candidate for online aptitude Test.
❖On boarding:  Handling the complete employee life cycle .This includes conducting induction, orientation, joining formalities, joining kit /Documents Collection various locations, Maintaining and updating files, sending input for e-mail ID creation, Laptop/Desktop Issuance.
❖Post Onboarding: Online input submission for BGV, and Process for ID Card, Visiting Card. 
❖Appointment letter: Making and dispatching.
❖ MIS:  Maintaining and updating multiple trackers like Master database, Account details, offer details,  preparing of other reports as per requirement. 
❖ Payroll: Making Salary Sheet, Solve employee’s salary issues through call and mail.
❖ SAP: Help to candidate about online form fill up and documents upload for All Process through SAP.
Online offer releasing/Onboarding/Salary input Submission. 


Executive HR at Aforeserve.com Ltd. from September 2016 to Jan 2018 – Handled  Five      projects with the manpower of 500
Key Activities: 
❖ Recruitment & selection: Sourcing of CV’s from job portal as per the requirement, initial short listing, conducting / coordinating face to face interviews & final offer negotiations and release of offer. 
❖ On boarding:  Handling the complete employee life cycle .This includes conducting induction, orientation, Joining formalities, Maintaining and updating files, sending input for e-mail ID creation. 
❖ Off boarding: To manage the exit formalities, Conduct exit interviews, report the findings, final clearance from all departments, generation of relieving letter after F&F. 
❖ HR Operations: Day to day operations, keeping a track of confirmations, promotions and letter issuance, taking disciplinary action as per requirement, coordinating with the bank SPOC for account opening.  
❖ MIS:  Maintaining and updating trackers like Master database, Account details, F&F Tracker, offer details,  preparing of other reports as per requirement. 
❖ Payroll: Making Salary Structure, Leave & Attendance Calculation, Salary Calculation, Solve employee’s salary issues through call and mail.
❖ Employee relations:  Induction, Documentation, organizing Trainings, terms & condition of employment, facilitating the process, handling grievances pertaining to policy, compensation, explaining & implementing various policies and procedures to the employee.

Sep-2015 to sep-2016

Key Activities:
· Employee Data Maintenance.
· Employee orientation, development, and training logistics and record keeping.
· Responsible for discussing the terms & condition of employment with the candidates.
· Maintaining employee files and the HR filing system. 
· Making employee’s I.D.cards.
· Updating HRIS master data.
· Experience in handling the entire new joiners process and maintain the employee database. 
· Conducting the Induction for the new associates and facilitating the process. 
· Handling Inbound/ Outbound calls of HR department.
· Company employee communication.
· Other Administrative Work. 
· Assisting with the day-to-day efficient operation of the HR office.
· Record keeping of all the documents of new employees.
· Provide support to Recruitment and payroll team with regards to Documentation, preparation of resources.
Educational qualification
	Qualification
	School/college
	Board/university
	Year of passing
	Subjects
	Marks/grade

	PGDM
	NMIMS
	NMIMS
	Pursuing
	Human Resource
	Awaited

	M.A. (HINDI)
	SOL
	Delhi University
	2017
	Hindi
	54 %

	B.A. (HINDI)
	SGTB Khalsa College
	Delhi University 
	2015
	Hindi
	70 %

	12th(Higher Secondary)
	RSBV, Mayur Vihar
	C.B.S.E
	2012
	Arts Stream
	70%

	10th(Senior Secondary)
	Govt Boys Sr. Secondary School
	C.B.S.E
	2010
	Maths,science, socialscience, english etc.
	6.8 CGPA



     COMPUTER PROFICIENCY
         Application: MS-office, Microsoft Outlook Express & Internet 
         Proficient in excel/Power Point work
        Typing speed: 35wpm.
 

    Key Skills:	
• Self motivated
• Initiative with a high level of energy.
• Strong verbal and personal communication skills.
• Decision making, critical thinking, organizing and planning
• Tolerant and flexible to different situations.

Achievement
· Awarded as All Rounder in Graduation final year.
· Second prize in the function (shiksha hi samman hai) held in m.v.phase-2
Additional
· Work as Coordinator in College Annual Fest 
· Participated in debate competition (certificate)

Personal Information
 Fathers name                          :                   Mr.  Meharban Ali
Date of birth                            :                   21 Jan 1994
Marital Status		         :	                Married
Language Known                    :                   English, Hindi and Urdu 
Hobbies /interest                     :                   finding new things, listening music, Anchoring, Dancing, Traveling, Net surfing
                                                                       
 
 Manjar Ali



