
















































 (
Arpit Gupta
Phone 
+91 
(
898-378-9344
)
Email: arpitgupta1790@outlook.com
)

Professional summary:
· 6+ years of work experience in IT in Database Design, Development & Support ofMS SQL Server 2008 R2/2012/2014 for Production/development.
· Currently working with L&T Infotech as Senior Software Engineer.
· Previously worked with D2K TECHNOLOGY as Senior Software Developer fromMay 2013 to Sep 2016 and A-connexion pvt. Ltd. as SQL DEVELOPERfrom Oct 2011 to May 2013.
· Proficient inRelational Database Management Systems (RDBMS).
· Expertise inTransact-SQL (DDL, DML, DCL)and in Design and Normalization of the database tables.
· Experience in implementing business logic usingTriggers, Indexes, Views and Stored procedures.
· Extensive Knowledge of advance query concepts (e.g. group by, having clause, union so on).
· Experience with tools like SQL Server management studio and SQL Server 2008 R2/2012 integration (SSIS).
· Proficient inTuning T-SQL queriesto improve the database performance and availability.
· Experienced hands inQuery tuning and performance tuning.
· Experience in monitoringSQL Server Performance using SQL Profiler.
· Experience in Creating and Updating Clustered and Non-Clustered Indexes to keep up the SQL Server Performance.
· Good knowledge in Normalizing and De-normalizing the tables and maintaining Referential Integrity by using Triggers and Primary and Foreign Keys.
· Expertise increating Packages using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS).
· Excellent analytical, communication and interpersonal skills. Proficient in technical writing and presentations and a good team player.

Education:
B.E (CSE) with First Class (2007 – 2011)
Truba Institute of Engineering and Information Technology, Bhopal
Technical Skills:
SQL Server Tools: SQL Server Management Studio, Profiler, SSIS
RDBMS:MS SQL Server2008R2/2012/2014, Oracle 10G 
Programming Languages:SQL, T-SQL, PL-SQL 
Productivity Applications:MS Word, Excel, Access, Agile Methodology
Version Control Application:Team foundation server
Professional Experience:

Project 1: PTSW
Company Name:L&T Infotech
Client                     : CITI Bank
Designation : Sr. SoftwareEngineer
Description 	  : This is the Citi bank intranet project. It maintain the data of all vendors and also provides reports based on data.
Tools and Technologies:Microsoft SQL Server 2012, T-SQL, SSIS, TFS, Agile Methodology.
Role: Programmer, DBA, Tester.

Project 2: Database Migration
Company Name:D2K Technologies
Client : Oriental Bank of Commerce
Designation: Software Developer
Description : In that project I write complex queries for insert data from old Database to new database, store procedure, create table withValidation and indexes.
Tools and Technologies: Microsoft SQL Server 2008R2,Microsoft SQL Server2012, T-SQL
Role : Database architecture, Programmer.

Project 3: Asset Classification
Company Name : D2K Technologies
Client                      : Punjab National Bank, Oriental Bank of Commerce
Designation: Software Developer
Description            : Asset classification is a process which gives the rating to its                                                                        financial status and find out the NPA and standard assets. INthis project my work is to understand asset classification logic, implement that into t-sql and troubleshoot errors in Code.
Tools and Technologies: Microsoft SQL Server 2012, T-SQL.
Role: Database architecture, Programmer.

Project 4: High availability and Disaster Recovery
Company Name:D2K Technologies
Client: Axis Bank
Designation : Software Developer
Description         : In that project i set up Mirroring, Replication, Log shipping,
Auditing, Resource governor and CDC and maintain all these HAand DR components.
Tools and Technologies:Microsoft SQL Server 2012, T-SQL.






Project 5: Basel II
Company Name   : D2K Technologies
Client                   : Punjab National Bank, Oriental Bank of Commerce
Designation : Software Developer
Description : Basel II is an international business standard that requires financial institutions to maintain enough cash reserves to cover risks incurred by operations. The Basel accords are a series of recommendations on banking laws and regulations issued by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BSBS).
Tools and Technologies:Microsoft SQL Server 2012, T-SQL, SSIS.
Role: Programmer.

Project 6: User Control Module
Company Name   : D2K Technologies
Client                   : Punjab National Bank, Axis Bank 
Designation : Software Developer
Description 	  : User control module is module by the help of this we can create new login, change login password , delete logins , give permissions on database objects, create SP backup automatically on database and save .sql file on disk. It is full logins permission and management related module.
Tools and Technologies:Microsoft SQL Server 2012, T-SQL.
Role: Programmer, DBA, Tester.

Project 7: Data Mart Development for Clients (Wal–Mart Stores,Inc., Apple Inc.,        Other Clients)
Company Name: A-connexion PVT LTD.
Designation	 : SQL Developer
Description: That project is related to DataMart. There have various tables
On client database. Client sends a report related to any one oftable which is in database.Loaddata via SSIS services in MS SQL SERVER.
Tools and Technologies: Microsoft SQL Server 2008r2
Role: Analysis, Programming, Testing.


Personal Details:
	Name                      
	   Arpit Gupta

	Date of Birth          
	  17th April 1990

	Marital Status          
	   Married

	Languages Known     
	  English, Hindi.

	Hobbies          
	  Cooking.




Place:Navi Mumbai		(Arpit Gupta)


