

































1

NAYANA K M

     
CAREER  OBJECTIVE  

Seeking a challenging & growth oriented career with a progressive organization that could 
utilize my skills at greater extent.

SUMMARY

 Currently working as Analyst in HCL Technologies Pvt Ltd, Bangalore. 

 2 Years of IT experience in MS SQL server(SQL DBA)& Windows server administration

 Working for RETS which is a magazine publisher and information company operating 
in science domain & headquartered in London, UK.

TECHNICAL  SKILLS/TOOLS

 L2 SQL DBA,T-SQL,AWS Cloud
 L2 Windows
 SSMS
 Query Analyzer
 Servicenow

                                                     
PROFESSIONAL  CERTIFICATIONS

 Microsoft Certified Professional: Administering Microsoft SQL server 2012/2014 

Databases. 

ACADEMIC  DETAILS

 Mtech(ECE) from REVA Institute of Technology and Management, Bangalore 

(2014) with 74%. 

 B.E (TCE) from Siddaganga Institute of Technology, Tumkur (2011) with 7.28 

CGPA.

Email Id: Nayanakm23@gmail.com
Mobile: +91-9538586201

mailto:Nayanakm23@gmail.com


2

ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

MS SQL server Administration:

 Providing Second-level technical support and troubleshooting for users in Remote 

places.

 Database Administration Support of MS-SQL Server 2005/2008/2012/2014.

 I have been involved in supporting SQL Server instances in all the three 

environments (Production, Development and Test). 

 Database installation and administration of MS SQL Server 2005, 2008, 2008R2 

and 2012.

 Identifying and resolving performance, blocking, Disk Space and data issues using 

DBCC, Activity Monitor and Profiler. 

 Identifying & Resolving Space Management issues like backups, Data and log file 

space issues.

 Expertise in performing the Database Backup and Restores & resolving connectivity 

issues. 

 Day-to-day maintenance activities like remediating backup job failures, checking 

for disk space availability for the files to grow, fixing server down &DB consistency 

alerts etc.

 Experience in applying necessary SQL server service packs and SQL server 

patching.

 Hands-on experience in Database Refresh Activities

 Experience in Deploying & Scheduling SSIS packages on SQL servers 

 Performing Index rebuild activity as per the application team request.

 Having experience in Database Migration activities,Migrated around 3000+ 

databases (phase1 to 3).

 Worked on SQL server decommission, SQL database mail configuration,database 

file movement(user DB’s),Auditing failed login attempts on financial production 

servers,SA password remediation.

 Having knowledge on Logshipping,database mirroring,HA.

 24 x 7 Production Database On call Support. 

 Interact with the clients to resolve the queries, issues and problems over mail

 Having basic understanding in AWS cloud administration.



3

Windows server Administration:

 Maintaining 1000+ physical and virtual windows servers.

 Monitoring & troubleshooting the issues for CPU,Memory,Disk and Serverdown.

 Checking the Disk space of the critical servers and clearing the unwanted 

files/folders. 

  Installation/configuring the software’s based upon the Support Team's request 

 Granting access to Files shares in servers and users accounts. 

 Having experience in Server patching and server decommission. 

 Building windows servers in VM console. 

 Experience in handling the following on day-to-day basis

 Incident management

 Change management

 Catalogue task management

ACHIEVEMENTS  &  EXTRA  CURRICULUM

 Successfully Implemented the value Adds worth of 18000$ for Windows 

technology.

 Created Multiple Value Adds in SQL DBA  for the betterment of work process

 Successfully handled multiple technologies(Windows & SQL)and got an award also.

INTER  PERSONAL  SKILLS 

  Good Time management,Team co-ordination

  Good in Communication Skills

 Flexible,Hard working and Knowledge transfer

PERSONAL  DETAILS

Name      :  Nayana K M 

Date of Birth :   4 OCT 1989

Nationality          :  Indian 

Languages Known :  English, Kannada,Hindi, Telugu, Tamil.

Hobbies :  Gardening, Reading Books,Listening music,badminton        


