













































DEEPAK PUNJABI


1 | P a g e   

 

DEEPAK PUNJABI 

 : +91 – 94267 60614 

 : deepak.punjabi86@gmail.com 
 

Profile Summary: 

 A result oriented & dynamic HR Professional with 8+ 

years of affluent experience in core Human Resource 

domain and various fundamental aspects of HRM 

 A self-motivated team player with excellent analytical skills 

with an ability to ensure optimum output, both 

qualitatively & quantitatively 

 Effective planning and organizational skills to successfully 

manage multiple priorities and assignments within time 

frames 

 Keen eye for detail and excellence, making accuracy and 

quality of deliverables seamless  

 

Work Experience: 

Organization:  Talent Anywhere Services Pvt. Ltd., Vadodara  

Duration:  June 2015 – Till date 

Job Title:  Assistant Manager – Human Resource  
 

 

Roles & Responsibilities 

 Strategic Partner/Client Management: 

o As an HR Business partner for the location, I’m responsible for managing the end to end talent 

management. Design and implement HR Projects at organization level 

o Launch development initiative and OD interventions for my project span 

o Analyze statistical data and reports to identify causes of employee grievances 

o Act as consultant for senior leadership on active HR issues or high-risk individuals 

 Employee Champion 

o Driving all Employee Engagements Initiatives/Activities 

o Independently plan and execute employee engagement events/activities  

o Regular HR connect and addressing day to day disciplinary and integrity issues 

o Ensuring proactive employee communications on Organization's process and policies 

 HR Employee Partner 

o Handled employee life cycle post on boarding. Recommended improvements to existing HR 

policies and practices. Handled employee relations, troubleshoot employee issues and channelled 

them with appropriate solution 

o Providing end to end support to employees and Business managers to better understand and 

utilize HR tools, processes and policies to enable them to deal with and handle employee issues 

effectively 

 

 

 

http://talentanywhere.com/global/


2 | P a g e    
                      

 HRIS/ HR Business Analytics 

o Provided support to the Management and Business Functions specifically in the areas of people 

metrics, reporting and predictive analytics among others. Expertise in PMS; KRA’s & KPI’s, goal 

setting, yearly evaluations   

o Evaluate monthly Target v/s Achievement performance reports. Validated HRIS, MIS reporting & 

organograms, maintain management dashboards  

 Talent Acquisition  

o Responsible for the entire recruitment life-cycle for assigned clients. Contributed in streamlining 

the recruitment process by maintaining an efficient and effective candidate database & HRMIS 

 Performance Management System  

o Driving evaluation and performance appraisals of lateral. Review and analyses business unit data 

to identify trends and recommend industry appraisal, provide solutions to improve performance, 

retention and associate experience  

o Identifying the gaps in performance and Implementing Performance Improvement plans (PIP) for 

employees 

 

Organization:  Yantraman Automac Pvt. Ltd., Vadodara 

Duration:  January 2015 – May 2015  

Job Title:  Manager - Human Resource 
 

Roles & Responsibilities 

 Handled entire HR Operations of 9 branches which includes recruitment, induction, payroll, 

attendance, exit etc. Responsible to design and implement audit plan along with different 

department  

 Managed Payroll Process & Statutory Compliance. Provided accurate data report to accounts team 

for the payment 

 Managed Performance Management System, taking part in appraisal discussions and ensuring fair and 

accurate appraisal cycle. Handling Retention & Compensation management along with performance 

management.  

 Work closely with the different departments on the policies & process formation & implementation 

 Responsible to take care of statutory compliances. Responsible to handle the entire employee related 

cases in court. Responsible to provide all the statutory reports to the respective government agencies  

 

Organization:  Rishabh Software Pvt. Ltd, Vadodara 

Duration:  October 2010 – December 2014 

Job Title:  Senior Executive - Human Resource 
 

Roles & Responsibilities 

 Responsible for complete HR Operations. Worked  with cross functional teams in supporting and 

resolving day to day employee queries and issues pertaining to employees 

 Employee Relations: Worked in collaboration with HR BP to identify & address employee grievances. 

Manage, coordinate and participate extra-curricular & different employee engagement activities like 

sports events, cultural events 

http://www.rishabhsoft.com/


3 | P a g e    
                      

 Payroll Process & Statutory Compliance: Managed attendance and leave management system to 

provide accurate data report to accounts team for payroll process. Meet or exceed all operational 

SLAs 

 Talent Acquisition (Recruitment & Selection): Responsible for the entire recruitment life-cycle for both 

IT and Non-IT positions. Contributed in streamlining the recruitment process by maintaining an 

efficient and effective candidate database & HRMIS 

 HRMIS & Data Analysis: Administered different HRMIS like Employee Management System, Leave 

Management System, and Document Management System. Preparing various MIS reports / 

dashboards for management presentation 

 Statutory Compliance & Auditing: Responsible to handle all areas of statutory compliances and 

internal and external HR audit including CMMI – Level 3 and ISO standards compliance 

 

Organization:  Indian Switchgears and Consultants  

Designation:   Accounts Assistance 

Duration:   October 2007 – April 2008 
 

Roles & Responsibilities:   

 Preparation & maintenance of all the records of Account Department 

 Coordination with CA and Govt. authorities for necessary return certificates 

 Assistance to Excise Department for transformation of manual work to computerized work 

 Responsible to preserve daily cash balance 

 Preparation of Salary and maintenance of overtime of workers 

 Administration of PF and ESI of the workers  

 Coordination with Debtors and Creditors regarding bills receivable & payable 

 

Summary of Academic Credentials:  

 MBA (Human Resources) from Gujarat University 

 Bachelor of Commerce with Finance & Accounting 


