
















Navakanth Reddy Dumpa






2


Navakanth Reddy Dumpa
Plot no: 3, C. Eshwari Nilayam, Nutan Colony, New Bowenpally, Secundrabad -11
Mobile No: 9885757677
DATA ANALYST
Seeking challenging assignments for a career encompassing professional & personal advancement

Over all 4.10 years of experience with in 2.3 years experience in EXCEL. 
Have very good experience working with MS Excel using various functions.
Have good knowledge over developing and using Macros through VBA.
	Experience in Ms PowerPoint (Using auto updatable graphs and charts in PPT etc).

Experience in MS Access for Uploading Data.

TECHNICAL SKILLS 

Packages: 		MS-Office	
Data base:		MS ACCESS
Operating Systems:		Windows



PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

	Worked as a Data Analyst with Magna InfoTech Pvt Ltd from December 2009 to October 2011.

Worked as a MIS Officer with Sitel India Ltd from November 2007 to October 2009.
Worked as a Customer Dialog Executive with Magus Customer Dialog from Aug 2005 to Aug 2006. 


Magna Infotech Pvt Ltd.
 
Client		:	Wells Fargo India Solutions Pvt Ltd
Data Analyst	:	Responsibilities 

	 To provide, maintain and condition test data for Quality Assurance Analysts.  In addition, also provides test data to different Clients across WF that requires data for their testing process. 


	 A broad understanding of the overall Wells Fargo/Wachovia banking system will be required / achieved, in order to effectively fulfil i.e. all the internal and external processes, applications and their interfaces, and the methods by which they are coordinated in the various testing environments.

	Further, an extensive understanding of the various testing environments, their participating applications, and cycling processes will be achieved.


	Analysis to help trouble shoot why a test could be failing and not meeting the expectations of the tester. 


	Responsible for all research and conditioning of the test data. 


	Completing the test data accurately and efficiently within a two-week turnaround time.


	Good at recording the steps involved in creating the test data and convert them as Macros.



Sitel India Ltd

MIS Officer: Responsibilities 

Generating various EXCEL reports daily which would help the organization to know how the scheme is being implemented.
Taking care of the data base issues. 
	Active participation in elaborately explaining the functionalities to the End users.
	Most importantly motivating the co-team members for better productivity. 


Magus Customer Dialog 

Customer Service Executive: Responsibilities 

	Handling customer queries, concerns and issues and giving them appropriate resolutions. 
	Developed Various EXCEL templates with all the functionalities required.


ACADEMIA:

B.com, Correspondence, 2007, Osmania University, Prof. G. Ram Reddy Centre for Distance Education 
Intermediate, 2002, Tetrahedron Junior College
SSC, 2000, Vidya Convent High School, Ramanthapur


Date of Birth: 24th Sep 1984
Reference: Available on Request
Languages Spoken: English, Hindi and Telugu
Marital Status: Single



