






























CURRICULAM VITAE

RESUME
P. J. Krishna Kanth
47/2, Thirumalai nagar Annex,

Perungudi,                                                                                      Email
       : pjkrishnakanth939@gmail.com Chennai - 600096                                                                          Mobile    : +91 7358557591


CAREER OBJECTIVE:
I aim to associate myself with an esteemed organization that gives me scope to apply my knowledge and skills in the area of development of applications in software industry and acquire new skills.
PROFESSIONAL OVERVIEW:
 
Working   as Software developer in Caddy Code Solutions, Chennai from July-2016 to till date.
SUMMARY:
· I have 1 plus years of experience as a Junior Software Developer, during which time I have worked in Caddy Code Solutions and developed some applications that are actively in use and adding value to their business.

· I have strong communication skills, dedication, positive attitude, and make personal effort in meeting deadlines and assisting fellow team members.

· Application development tools like Visual Studio, Word Press used.
· Knowledge on HTML, Bootstrap, CSS, Jquery, Javascript, Angular Js, C#.NET, MVC, SQL Server, Entity Framework, LINQ.
· Possesses excellent analytical skills, problem solving, leading and learning skills as well as keen interest in the emerging technologies, excellent team player.
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS:
· B.Tech IT  2015 

Percentage of Marks: 63.4%

Narayana Engineering College– Nellore, AP. (Under JNTU- Anantapur, AP)

· Intermediate 2010

Percentage of Marks: 76.9%

Narayana Junior College-Nellore, AP. (Under AP State Board)

· SSC  2008

Percentage of Marks: 77.33%

Ratnam EM School -Nellore,  AP.  (Under AP State Board)
ACADEMIC PROJECT:
· TITLE     : Securing personal health records in cloud computing.                 

· DESCRIPTION:  This application is mainly used for securing the personal health records in the cloud. In this project all the data of the patient are stored in the cloud. Patient can check the details the details anywhere any time. The records of the particular person will be accessed by the patient, and the friends and the doctors. In case of emergency also it is very easy to check the details of the patient very easily.  
Project: 9storage.com
Position:  Front End Developer.
Environment: C#.NET MVC, SQL server, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap Framework 3.3.6, JavaScript and JQuery
Description: In this tenants can make a move in without admin intervention by paying the rentals online. The System will take care of all the billing and invoices and reminders to get their rentals online.

Responsibilities: Defined designed and developed the Front End User Interface, Navigation, HTML Layouts and Cascading Style Sheets, JavaScript, JQuery from concept to finish.
Project: 6storage.com
Position:  Software Developer.
Environment: C#.NET MVC, SQL server, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap Framework 3.3.6, JavaScript and JQuery
Description: This project is used to automate the management of the self storage facility. In this tenants can make a move in without admin intervention by paying the rentals online. The System will take care of all the billing and invoices and reminders to get their rentals online.
Responsibilities: Writing C# code as per business requirement Defined designed and developed the Front End User Interface, Navigation, HTML Layouts and Cascading Style Sheets, JavaScript, JQuery from concept to finish.
PERSONAL DETAILS:
Father Name


:
P.VenkataRamanaiah
Date of Birth


:
23rd Feb 1993

Sex



:
Male

Nationality


:
Indian

Language Known

:
English, Telugu

Permanent Address                       :             3/890, Weavers Colony,

  Lakshmipuram,

  Nellore-524002, Andhra Pradesh.
DECLARATION:
I hereby declare that all the information furnished by me in this application is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Place
:  







              Yours Faithfully:

Date
: 
                                                                                                                      (P.J.Krishnakanth)

pjkrishnakanth939@gmail.com

