














































SREEJESH M M  
Mobile No:   +91 9645054405  
E _Mail :   sreejeshmm.111@gmail.com 
 

O B J E C T I V E  

 4 year Application Developer experience in Java Spring MVC and Hibernate. 

 Experienced in Development and Unit testing. 

 Experienced in Understanding Client’s Requirements, Performing Requirement Analysis and Writing of 

Comprehensive Code, Execute Test Cases and Preparing Deliverable. 

 Information Compilation, Extrapolation and Interpretation on different change requests. 

 Good Analytical, Designing, Programming and debugging skills. 

 Good Interpersonal skills, Communication, Leadership qualities and demonstration skills. 

 Engaged in team management activities like mentoring new members, organizing knowledge transfer  

sessions, process understanding and improvement sessions and defect prevention analysis. 

T E C H N I C A L  P R O F I L E  

 Platforms         : Windows, Linux 

 Databases   : MySQL, DynamoDB, Oracle, PostgreSQL 

 Java Framework  : SpringMVC, Hibernate, WebService,  SpringBoot 

 SDLC process   : Agile, Waterfall model  

 Development Tools  : NetBeans, Eclipse, IntelliJ 

 Web Technology    : jQuery, Bootstrap, Ajax, HTML 

 Technologies                           :  Gradle, Ant, Jenkins, Swagger  

 

O R G A N I Z A T I O N A L  E X P E R I E N C E  

Company       Profile       Duration 

EngineF India Technologies Pvt Ltd Senior Software Engineer 09 April 2018 – Till Date 

SafeCare Technology, 

Ernakulam, Kerala. 

Software Programmer 01 Dec 2014- 05 April 2018 

 

P E R S O N A L  A T T R I B U T E S  

 Operate independently or within a team. Open to new ideas. 

 Able to perform in emergency situations and can adapt to any environment 

 Capable of working efficiently and a quick learner. 

 Achieved ‘C’ certificate in NCC 

 District champion in badminton 



P R O J E C T S  I N F O R M A T I O N  

Project  : Cortex Hospital Management Application (Product) 
Language  :  JAVA EE 
Frame work :  Spring MVC,Hibernate 
 

Description :  Cortex Hospital Management Application is a web application fully designed and being 
developed for the rising needs in the health management sector to handle in-patient details, Insurance, 
Medical Claims etc. Cortex Hospital Management Application is fully developed with the state of art 
Technology using JSP with one of the most secure and stable Frameworks Spring MVC and hibernate.  

Roles and Responsibilities: 

 Played a key role in gathering Hospital requirements to design an efficient application to satisfy  
the hospital  needs. 

 Developing the application using JAVA Spring MVC framework. 

 Developed Test Data for the module and designed Unit Test Cases and Unit Test Specifications. 

 Have a strong belief of establishing the product in renowned hospitals in Middle East countries 

 

Project  : Pharmacy Application (Product) 
Language  :  JAVA EE 
Frame work :  Spring MVC, Hibernate 
 
Description :  Cortex Pharmacy management Software provides the complete pharmacy software 
solution to fulfill all of your pharmacy’s requirements today and beyond. It is developed to manage the 
entire transactions done in a pharmacy Sector. It is a web based system to replace all the existing desk 
top systems for reasons of portability and better functions from usability point of view. Cortex is the 
Customizable and user friendly Pharmacy Software available in the market. 

 

Project  : 10x Banking 
Language  :  JAVA EE  
Frame work :  Spring Boot, Java 8, DynamoDB 
 
Description  : The 10x Banking Platform is a transformative ecosystem which facilitates the 
interoperability of all financial services. Essentially, platform will enable all the players in the financial 
market to exchange information and trade with each other, and aims to be the mobilizing technology 
that transforms customer engagement with financial services. The technology will compete with 
traditional core banking platforms utilizing simplified data architecture and new technical components. 
The 10x platform will be open, enabling and encouraging organizations to distribute their financial 
services and products by matching their brand advocates to connected product providers and credit 
providers. 

Roles and Responsibilities: 

 Developing the application using JAVA Spring MVC framework. 

 Four members in Our Project. 

 Develop User and Admin Module. 



A C A D E M I C  D E T A I L S  

Qualification Institution 
University/ 

Board 

Year Of 

passing 
Aggregate 

Master Of Computer 
Applications 

KMCT College OF engineering, 
Calicut. 

Calicut 
University 

2013 66% 

BSc 
(Mathametics) 

Sree Narayana Guru College  
Calicut 

Calicut University  2009         58%  

 
Plus Two 

Markaz Higher Secondary School  
Calicut 

Kerala Board 2006 58% 

 
Class X 

Medical College Campus 
Calicut 

Kerala Board 2004 51% 

 

P E R S O N A L  D E T A I L S  

ADDRESS  PERSONAL PROFILE 

Passport Number     : N1436660 Date of birth   : 16/10/1987 

  PAN Card No                : CEMPS6700R   Gender : Male 

  Address                      : Muthettu Mannil (HO) Marital status : Married 

                                       Karanthur (PO) Nationality      : Indian 

                                       Calicut – 673571 Kerela Languages Known: English, Malayalam and Tamil 

  
 

D E C L A R A T I O N  

I hereby declare that the information given above is correct and complete to the best of my 

knowledge and belief. 

Place:    Calicut                                  SREEJESH M M 

Date:      10/11/2018 


