












































Prashant Rastogi

Kanchan R
 Career Objective:

To join an organization of repute, where I can work towards the accomplishment of 
organizational &personal goals and objectives by utilizing my rich experience of Campus 
Recruitment & Corporate Networking.
 Profile Summary:

A Literature Professional with 4 years of experience in Campus Recruitment & Corporate Relations.
Experience Summary:

Jaipuria Institute of Management, Noida                                           (22 Sep-08 to date)       

www.jimnoida.ac.in
About the Organization:  Established in 2004 , Jaipuria Institute of Management, Noida, offers three AICTE approved two year full time  Programme ( PGDM equivalent to MBA), PGDM – Services  and PGDM – Marketing.

Designation: Sr. Executive-Corporate Resource Cell                                        (April-10 to date)           
Designation: Executive-Corporate Resource Cell                                             (Sep-08 to March-10) 
Roles & Responsibilities:  

 Placement assistance of around 240 students. 

 Assistance of summer internship of around 240 students.

Arranging for MDP, Seminars, Guest Lectures.

Arranging for industrial visits of students. 
Visiting companies for placement talks.

Maintaining corporate database, Follow ups.
Act as Campus coordinator of various technical and management institutions, interested in conducting campus drive at their college.  

Building relations with HR managers of the companies, on behalf of colleges and maintain and strengthening those relations.  

Placing proposals of the colleges with them, furnishing them the required details like student’s data, last placement records, and salaries expected, etc.
Confirming their manpower requirements, their recruitment process, and any terms & conditions for the short listed students.
Coordinating with HR’s and the colleges, for the dates, etc. of the campus drive.
Taking care of complete logistic and administration activities.

Lining up the appropriate candidates for interviews, and taking the process to the end.

 Interacting with students including direct and indirect interaction providing them full information about their queries and dealing with their problems and complaints.

Coordinating with staff, students and management.

Effectively handle responsibilities of team performance and escalations.

Establish processes to improve functional effectiveness and team motivation.



BLS Institute of Management, Ghaziabad                                          (June-07 to July-08) (13 months)

www.blsim.org
About the Organization: BLS is a pioneer management school which set up in the year 1997. Since then the institute has been imparting quality education in the field of Management and Information Technology. BLS is approved by AICTE since 1997.

Designation: Executive-Corporate Relations               
Roles & Responsibilities:  

 Placement assistance of around 240 students.
 Assistance of summer internship of around 200 students.
Arranging for MDP, Seminars, Guest Lectures.
Arranging for industrial visits of students.                                                                                                                       Visiting companies for placement talks.
Maintaining corporate database.
Follow ups.

Educational Qualification:
 M.A (English Literature) from Jai Narayan Vyas University, Jodhpur 2006.
B.C.A from MCRP University Bhopal 2003.
12th CBSE Board 2000.
10th CBSE Board 1998.
Team/People Management/Managerial Skills:

Good Communication skills.

Good Interpersonal skills and qualities of Head and Heart.
Good Analytical, Logical and Convincing abilities.

Good Organizing and Management Skills.

Understand the importance of Team work in achieving Team’s objectives.

Understand the importance of cooperation, coordination and equality among the team.
Understand that hierarchy in a team is to facilitate the smooth functioning of the team and should                not become an impediment in the achievement of objectives of the team.

Ability to keep people together and motivated through Appreciation and Recognition.
Personal Details:

Date of Birth: 10-April-1981
Marital Status: Married
Languages Known: English and Hindi
Present Address: B-103, 2nd floor, Parsavnath Paradise, Mohan Nagar, Ghaziabad.
Email-ID: kanchu.1981@gmail.com
Contact Number: 9350564159

References available on request.

I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is true to the best of my knowledge and 
belief.

Date:………………
Place:…………….                                                                                                                          (Kanchan R)

