







































Dilip Kumar Vadapalli

Mukkara Narayana Reddy
Email: narayanareddy.allu@gmail.com

Phone No: 9025253827

Career Objective:
Seeking a challenging position where my experience will have a valuable application with a desire to learn new concepts, and satisfy the organization. 
Summary:

· Over 1+ years of Experience in IT Industry in Java (J2EE) using Core Java and Advanced Java well acquainted with software development life cycle.
· Project experience using JSP, Spring MVC. 
· Project experience using JSP, JDBC. 
· Developing applications in MVC architecture using  Springs framework.

· Good exposure to Web server Tomcat.
· Excellent team member possessing good communication and interpersonal skills.

· I would take up assignments with enthusiasm and challenges, playing positive role in the Team and Ability to Interact with Individuals at all levels.
Key Skills:
       Languages

             :  Java (Core java).
       Operating Systems

 :  Windows 7/8/10/XP
       Server Components

 :  Servlets, JSP
       Frame works


 :  Spring (MVC)
       Server Technology

 :  Apache Tomcat 
       Database Connectivity
             :  JDBC.
       RDBMS


             :  My SQL.
       Internet Technologies            
 :  HTML, XML.
       IDE/Tools                                   :  Eclipse.
Work Profile:
· Working as a Software Engineer in W3Softech India Private Limited , Hyderabad from Feb 2017 to till date.
Educational Summary:
· B.Tech (Electrical and Electronics  Engineering) in Saveetha School Of Engineering in 2016 with 78.0%. 
Current Project:
Project #1
	Name
	City Road Share

	Environment  
	Java, Spring.

	Duration
	April 2017 to till date.

	Role

	Developer 


Description:

City Road Share is a social networking site through which people can meet up for sharing their ride with in the city. City Road Share has vehicle sharing and ride sharing. The main intension of this site is, if you have a vehicle then split cost and reduce traffic and pollution by offering vehicle pools and if you don’t have a vehicle, use the system to find a vehicle pool. Through this Ride Sharer can share his ride with Ride Seeker and Ride seeker can share his ride with Ride Sharer. By sharing a ride we can save gas, money, reduce auto emission. CRS main motto is to control Pollution, parking problems, traffic and road maintenance. It contains mainly three modules Ride Sharer (provider), Ride Seeker (requestor), Administrator.

Responsibilities:
· Involved in writing Business logic for user module.
· Involved in Developing Pages using JSP.
· Developed Controller classes.
· Developed DAO Classes.
· Design and Development of Tables in Mysql Database.
 Personal Information:
Father Name


: M.Pandu Ranga Reddy
D.O.B



: 13th October 1994.
Gender


: Male
Marital status


: Single

Hobbies


: Net surfing, Listening to Music.
Known Languages

: Telugu, English, Hindi.
Declaration:
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my Knowledge.
Place: Hyderabad   

Date:  


                 
                                                 M.NARAYANA REDDY
