










































RESUME

RESUME       

Name: SUJAN MONDAL         

Highest Qualification: B.TECH. (INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY)
Contact No:  9732207916 (M)

E-mail ID: sujan.it15@gmail.com
Date of Birth: 14 December 1994

Professional Profile:
Total IT Experience: 1 Year and 11 Month in Software Development and Maintenance

Relevent Experience: 

1 Year 11 month  experience in JAVA/J2EE (Core Java, Servlet, JSP and EJB – Session Bean), Hibernate, Spring ,Crystal Report, IBM DB2 8.2.7

Present Roles and Responsibilities:

· Client communication.

· Maintenance and Enhancement.

· Acting as a developer

· Requirement gathering and preparing the specification documents.

Present Organizations:
Silver Touch Technologies Ltd, Gujarat, INDIA (https://www.silvertouch.com/)
(Working in the Project of National Informatics Centre (NIC), WB State Centre, Kolkata)   

Designation
: Database Administrator Level 1.

Duration
: From 1st March 2018 to till date.

Project
          : Computerization of Haldia Dock Complex.
Previously worked as a Software Developer at Silver Touch Technologies Ltd. engaged in POMS Project of National Informatics Centre (NIC) from 3th November 2016 to 28th February 2018.
Software Skills:       

  Programming Language   : Java/J2EE (Core Java, Servlet, EJB-Session Bean, JSP),SQL
 Development Tools (IDE)     :  Eclipse , IBM VisualAge, Netbeans
 Operating Systems                : Windows 2000/XP/7/8/10, Linux. 
  Database                             : IBM DB2, PostgreSQL
  Application Server             : IBM Web Sphere 4.0.7, Apache Tomcat
 Reporting Tool                    : Seagate Crystal Report 7

Project Details: Computerization of Haldia Dock Complex 

This project is done with National Informatics Centre. Haldia Dock Complex (HDC) is an organization of Kolkata Port Trust under Ministry of Surface Transport; Govt. of India deals with the Import, Export and related operations of Container and Cargo. This project is intended to help the client to perform the operations using the help of Computer System. The project provides efficient flow of information among the various divisions with integrated and centralized database. The system is being deployed over an OFC Intranet and being made on-line.

Software Used: 

IBM Visual Age for Java 4.0 (for J2EE), Platinum ER Win 3.5.2, IBM Web Sphere 4.0.7, IBM DB2 8.2.7, Seagate Crystal Reports 7.0, 

1. Module Name: Establishment Modules
Functionalities: The module consists of three sub modules Leave Management, Job Booking and                  Attendance. The objective of the Leave Management module basically keeps track of the leave -Casual   Leave, Earned Leave and Medical Leave account of each employee. Booking module is developed for keeping track of the various types of booking information like overtime, Full Shift, Part Shift, roster off and holiday. Attendance module is intended to gather information regarding attendance for each employee on a day to day basis.

Responsibility: Responsible as one of the team member in Development, Enhancement, Maintenance, Requirement gathering and support to Client of Establishment Module as per requirement.

2. Module Name: Payroll Module
Functionalities The Payroll System aims to maintain all the pay related earnings and deductions    (E/D) of employees calculate salaries and generate pay slips. Master/Fixed earnings are maintained and updated by P&IR and Finance divisions. Post related information of employees e.g. designation, class, pay scale etc. required for Payroll System is maintained and updated by PIS module. After capturing all the divisional data, variable data entered by them to payroll system, P&IR Division will have to calculate all to get amount against variable E/D code. After that P&IR division transfers all these data related information to finance division. Finance division finally calculates salary for generating pay slip.

Responsibility: Responsible as one of the team member in Development, Enhancement, Maintenance, Requirement gathering and support to Client of Payroll Module as per requirement.

3. Module Name: Personnel and Industrial Relationship
Functionalities: All details of an employee  about personnel and industrial related  is included. This module consists seven sub module.  This are Personal Information System(PIS). Recruitment Plan Management System(RPMS), Legal Case Management System(LCMS), Industrial Relationship Management System (IRMS), Disciplinary Action Monitoring System (DAMS), Training Plan Management System(TPMS) and Settlement System.
Responsibility: Responsible as one of the team member in Development, Enhancement, Maintenance, Requirement gathering and support to Client of Personnel and Industrial Relationship Module as per requirement.

4. Module Name: Labour Booking Module 
Functionalities: Labour Booking Module is under the Shipping & Cargo Handling Division, which is intended to book the Workers of various types. This module is essential for import-export operations of container and cargo in different shifts like Day, Afternoon & Night. Workers are reserved for emergency purpose using a reserved pool. This Module also makes integration with Payroll Module.

Job Scheduling and allocation for Mazdoors & Operators is primary objective of this module. This module is also used for Hook Booking, Detention Entry, Holiday Booking and other related jobs. Availability List, Pooling List, Booking sheet, Deployment Lists are main output of this module.
Calculation of Incentives and Dust allowances for Labours and Operators are also an important part of this module. Calculation depends on working cargo.

Responsibility: Responsible as one of the team member in Development, Enhancement, Maintenance, Requirement gathering and support to Client of Labour Booking Module as per requirement.

Academic Project:

· Department e-Portal from Hewlett-Packard India Sales Pvt. Ltd Using Advance java.
· Virtual Classroom from College of engineering and Management,Kolaghat using 

Core java /Advance java.
Additional Qualification / Achievements / Certifications:

· Participating certification on android workshop held at CEMK.
· Participation certification on Cloud Computing held at CEMK.
· Participated in TCS codevita 2015.
Technical Qualification (B.Tech.):
· B.Tech. in Information Technology.
Year of Passing: 2016
Marks: 7.03(DGPA)

Institution: College of Engineering and Management, Kolaghat
Board/University: West Bengal University of Technology (Kolkata).

Educational Qualification (School Level):
· Higher Secondary Examination (Class: XII)

Year of Passing: 2012
Marks: 71%
Board: W.B.B.H.S.E. (West Bengal)

· Secondary Examination (Class: X)

Year of Passing: 2010
Marks: 77%
Board: W.B.B.S.E. (West Bengal)

Personal Profile:
Father’s name                                    Mr.Umakanta Mondal
Nationality                                          Indian

Permanent Address                           Vill+P.O:- Srikantha, Dist:-Purba Medinipur Medinipur,

                                                             Pin:-721629
Languages Known                             English, Hindi, and Bengali

Hobbies                                               Listening Music, Playing Cricket

    Declaration:

I consider myself familiar with Information Technology aspects. I am also confident of my ability to work in a team.
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.

Sujan Mondal

Place:  Kolkata                

