













































CURRICULUM VITAE

CURRICULUM VITAE

Name



NADIA A. KHAN

Address
105 B, Saurabh Apts., B Wing, Next to Nagori Dairy Pooja Nagar, Mira Road (East), District Thane 401107
Personal Details

Date of Birth

29th November, 1984

Interests

Travelling & Reading

Marital Status

Single

Phone

09820430247

Educational Qualification

Education 

B.Com, Mumbai University, October 2005.



HSC, Mumbai Board, March 2002.



SSC, Mumbai Board, March 2000.

Computers
Diploma in Ms Office, From St. Angelo’s Computer Educational Ltd, Mumbai, 2002.

Languages Known

English, Hindi, Marathi, Urdu.

Professional Experience.

Organization
Rochem Separation Systems (I) Pvt ltd., Mumbai (Manufacturers of Navy Based and Wastewater Recycling Systems) 

Designation


Accounts Executive

Tenure



November 2005 to June 2009

Job Profile

· Journal Entries Relating to sales & purchase department and stock including imports

· Preparing Pay Orders, Vouchers Bills.

· Preparing of TDS Returns

· Assist in matters relating to import duty deductions/ exemptions

· Preparation of Bank reconciliation statements

· Checking and making payment of Performa invoices

· Maintenance Of records / files

· Co-ordinations with marketing department for Receivables management 

· Preparing debit / credit notes 

· Verification of invoices supporting documents

· Handling Company’s Expenses and its respective Branch expenses

· Handling Staff Advance and Checking of expense incurred by them

· Handling all Expenses relating to staff with respect to Travel, Telephone and credit card

· Working in ERP Systems in addition to Tally 9 and simultaneously updating in both systems, Bank Reconciliation & payment entries, calculation and simultaneous payment of custom Duties for all imports on regular basis

· Co-coordinating with Internal Auditor’s on Daily Basis to solve their Queries

· Other Day to day accounting work 

Organization


Falah English High School





Thane


Designation


Class Teacher of IV STD

Tenure 


August 2009 to January 2010

· Training students based on the syllabus, ensuring discipline in the class room and motivating students to complete their assignments.

Organization


VETA (Vivekananda English Training Academy)

Designation


English Trainer

Tenure



January 2010 till date

Job Profile

· Handling batches from very Basic to Advance level.

· Up gradation of students from Basic to Advance level.

· Responsible for making students the hang of the language.

References

Mr. Akbar Ali 




Mr. Louis D’costa
Sr. Trainer 





General Manager

Veta English Training Academy


Rochem Separation Systems,

Mumbai.





Mumbai

Mobile – 09819678177



Mobile – 09821254054






Date:

Sub:  Application for a suitable opening in your organization.

Dear Sir / Madam,

Having learnt of suitable openings in your organization, I am enclosing, herewith, my resume for your kind perusal.

I look forward to an opportunity to present my credentials in person.

Yours sincerely,

NADIA A. KHAN








