















































     

RAHUL YADAV
E-Mail: raahul.yaad@gmail.com 
Mobile: + 91-9810159667






Objectives
To pursue a career with a company having a global vision that encourages creativity and offers an opportunity to learn and develop both in professional and personal life, wish to use and enhance my technical knowledge and ability to work in groups

To achieve a challenging position in software development and to become performance benchmark through creating architecture driven innovative solutions for the industry.
Career Synopsis

· Web application development using Web Technologies including JavaScript and Java. 

· Hands on experience with JDK1.5.

· Strong knowledge of Object-Oriented software engineering methodologies, Object - Oriented Analysis and Software Development Life Cycle.

· Strong ability to work in a team and make suggestions to success the project.

· Strong organizational and interpersonal skills.

· Excellent problem solving abilities, analytical, communication skills.

· 1 Year working experience as a Java Developar
Qualification

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION
        Intermediate: 70%  from  C.B.S.E Board
        High School: 61% from C.B.S.E Board
   PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION
· B.Tech in Information Technology: 63%  from  U.P. Tech. University Lucknow
IT Skills 

· Java Technologies
                :             Java,JSP,JavaScript,JDBC,Servlet,
· .net  technologies                                              Ado.net,asp.net, c#.net ,vb.net ,Crystal Report 
· Design Skill                                                         Adove Photoshop  
· Data Bases

                :             My Access ,SqlServer 2005,ms sql
· Application Server

:            Tomcat 5.5,glassfish
· Scripts & Markups

:             JavaScript, HTML, XML,jQuery,Ajax
Working Projects

Projects Done In Organization:

Project 1:       Coffee Shop Software

Team Size:     Eight
Tools Used:    HTML,XHTML,JSP,Java Bean,Java Script,Sql server 2005
Description:   This project is web based software that have the product list and selling information of a week and for a month to calculate the turnover of shop. In this software we provide the automatic bill generation and having record of it. The Design of pages was developed in HTML and XHTML. MySql was used for the database connectivity and the core functionalities were developed in JSP and JAVA Bean. The validation was done in JavaScript.
Project 2:         Finance Solution
Team Size:     Seven

Tools Used:    HTML,XHTML,JSP,Java Bean,Java Script,Sql
Description: This project is basically a web based software that could gather all detail related to credit the amount as loan and having the details for every month installment. The recipt of intallment will be generated and printed by printer through JavaScript. The Design of pages were developed in HTML and XHTML. MySql was used for the database and the core functionallity given through jsp and javabean. And the validation would be of JavaScript.
Project 3:         Jai Ambay motor finance

Team Size:     Eight
Tools Used:    HTML,XHTML,JSP,Java Bean,Java Script,Sql
Description:  Jai Ambay motor finance
This project developed to provide assistance to help full to fulfill the customer requirements. So that 
 They Are work in a sequential manner and fulfill customer requirement in very effectively and efficiently
         Manner also give the receipt for the whole data with a secure manner .
Responsibilities:

· Involved in creating multiple reports including.

· Key role in developing & designing of interfaces. 
. 

Personal Details

Father’s Name:
Mr. Vijay Pal Singh Yadav
Date of Birth: 
19 aug 1988
Current Address:
              H.N.-16 HoshiyarPur  Noida (u.p.) 
Place: Noida(India)





        

          Rahul Yadav







         (Name of Applicant)

