













































      G







Email :mahavemulapalli@gmail.com
MahaLakshmi Vemulapalli                Mobile: +91-9705027094
                                                                                                            

 

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

· Having total 4+ Years of IT experience in Java and android.
· Strong working experience in software development using JAVA/J2EE.
· Proficient in Object Oriented Programming using JAVA.
· Having knowledge on Android SDK.
· Knowledge in Frame Work software like spring, Hibernate.

· Extensive Programming Experience in Core Java, Servlet, JDBC,JSP.

· Having knowledge on ORM Software like Hibernate.

· Experience in Web Servers like Tomcat Server.

· Good interpersonal skills, commitment, result oriented, hard working with a quest and zeal to learn new technologies and under take challenging tasks.

Academic Qualification:

· B.Tech form Vignan’s Nirula Institute of Tech & Science for women in 2012.
Work Experience:
Working as a Software developer in Zintec Software Pvt Ltd from August 2014 to till date.
TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Operating System
: Windows 98/NT/2000
Languages

: Java, JEE
Scripting Languages  : HTML, Java Script
Java Technologies
: Java, JDBC, Servlets, JSP, Design Patterns
Frame Works

: Spring, Hibernate 
Databases

: Oracle10g
Servers

: Tomcat, Web Logic
Tools & Utilities
: Eclipse, Net beans.

Projects Details:
Project#1
  Project Name
: HowAboutThis
  Environnements
: Spring, Hibernate, MySql, Tomcat, JavaScript
  Role
: Developer
 Description:

 The main aim of this project is view the product and vote for it through online. This project contains the information no of users, categories, Stores details and also generate the monthly users report automatically to email.

Responsibilities: 
· Design and Development of User Interface
· Analysis on documentation and Designing the Screens.
· Developing spring with Hibernate integration.
Project #2 
  Project Name
: HSC (Hospital supply co-operative).
  Environment 
: Android SDK.
  Role
: Developer.
Project Overview:
 Hospital Supply Cooperative offers hospitals a portfolio of services to focus on supply chain efficiencies, benefiting the hospitals, resulting in value through reduced cost, decision support information, more efficient supply chain processes and improved quality care. The aggregation of services and product portfolio provides for the ability to compete in today’s competitive environment.

Responsibilities:

· Design and Development of User Interface
· Analysis on documentation and Designing the Screens
· Bug fixing against the module.
· Participated in cross-functional meetings to get relevant information of the work.

Project #3 
Simply Do

Simply Do acts as a companion to end users by receiving inputs via Voice recorder, Camera, Notes and Attachments and reminding at the stipulated time without fail. The Virtual Assistant at the back end organizes the events and reminds the user by notifying in prior. 

Responsibilities:


· Designed entire application layouts.

· Worked on Fragments.

· Capturing Images and storing in memory.

· Opening attachments depending on the file format.

Declaration: 
                     I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is true to the best of my knowledge.

Date:                                                                                 Signature,

Place: Hyderabad,                                                           V.Sita mahalakshm.
