














































 

  
 

Mohammed Asif 
 

 
Mobile No.: +91 98844 08565 

E-Mail: mohammedasif2280@gmail.com 
 

 
Key Skils /Competencies: 

 
 

1. Process Excellence, Continues Improvement. 

2. Field Operations & Customer Delight 

Management. 

3.  Digital Transformation and Automation thru 

Self Help Channels for B2B / B2C 

4. Contact Center Operations/ 24/7 Ops, Back 

Office Ops.  

5. Business analytics and Reporting 

6. Project Management, Transition Management 

of Call Centre Operations  

7. Service Partner Management – Contact 

Centre, Service Quality Management 

8. Back Office & Online Chat Operations and 

Automation 

9. Cost Control & Budget Planning and 

forecasting. 

10. Compliance and process control management 
 

IT Skills 

 Excel Advance level 

 MS Access. 

 PowerPoint Presentation   

 WINDOWS SQL 

 R (Intermediate)  

 Internet Applications 

 

Certifications 

 

 SIXSIGMA Black Belt – Projects Management 
Institute   

 Lean Continues Improvement - Projects 
Management Institute   

 ITIL Foundations - AXCELOS 
 MasterMind Leadership Certification - 

Vodafone  

 
 

 
Academic Details 

 BA Economics, from Bharathiya Shiksha 
Parishad,  in 2005   

 Higher Secondar : Donbosco Higher 
Secondary School. 1999  

 Metric : Princess matriculation Higher 
secondary School. 

  

Senior Professional  
 

Process Excellence and Process Improvement Specialist with hands on experience of 
over 16 years in Service industry. 

Targeting Mid senior-level position within an organization of repute in Telecom, 
IT/ ITES  and Ecommerce     

 

Location Preference: Chennai, Hyderabad, Bangalore. 
 

P R O F I L E  S U M M A R Y   

  
 Process Excellence Professional with over 16 years of rich & versatile 

experience in Service excellence, Field operations, Service Partner 
Management, Contact Centre Operations, Back Office Ops, Voice & 
Non Voice Ops in Telecom Industry. Trained and certified Six Sigma 
Black Belt professional, proficient to drive Process Excellence. Hands-
on executive with proven track record of driving process excellence 
and optimize the Customer Experience. Was associated with 
Vodafone Mobile Services, Chennai  as Manager Customer Operations 
for  Tamil Nadu  

  

 Result oriented professional with strong planning, communication, 
interpersonal & Business analytical skills, with proven track record of 
achievement in Service Excellence. Successfully led key Service 
initiatives & strategies to meet Business and Customer expectations, 
thereby resulting in high level of customer satisfaction and loyalty 
leading to increase in TNPS and CSAT. Proficient in transforming 
processes and enabling innovations in service delivery for enhanced 
customer experience and NPS. 

  

 Hands-on experience in charting out Customer Service Strategies,  
process excellence and digital adoption strategies to enhance 
customer experience and achieve cost optimization in line with the 
budgeted projections. Accorded with “Best Operations Support 
Manager” Vodafone Business Services 2018. ‘Best Performer’ 2016-
17. ‘Megastar Award', Vodafone Start and many other awards for 
outstanding performance. 

  

O R G A N I Z A T I O N A L  E X P E R I E N C E   
 
Mar 2004 to May 2018 with Vodafone Mobile Services, Chennai. 
 
Growth Path: 

 Jul’15 –May 2018  Manager Customer Operations- Continues 

Improvement, Process Excellence. 

 Jul’13 – Jun' 15- Deputy Manager – Service Operations, Backoffice 

Operations and Process Improvement. 

 Jan’11 – Jun’ 13- Deputy Manager – Projects Manager, Transition 

Management.  

 Mar’08-Dec’10 - Assistant Manager – Documents Management, 

Document Audits, Compliance Management, Project Management. 

 June’ 06 –Mar’08 - Team Leader – Contact Centre Operations– 

Service & Project Management, Tamil Nadu. 

 Mar’ 04– June’06   - Contact Centre Executive, (Voice) 
-   

  

 

 
Key Highlights: Manager – Customer Operations: 
 

 Championed Process Improvement in Enterprise Service Delivery Resulting in Rs. 5 Million savings in FY 2017-18 
 Saved the Company Rs2.4 Million annually by eliminating waste and implementing automation at Customer touch 

points.  
 Administered the overall functioning of processes, identified improvement areas and implemented adequate 

measures using Lean SIXSIGMA methodology 

mailto:mohammedasif2280@gmail.com


 

 Demonstrated the ability to provide viable solutions to operational challenges by conducting root cause analysis 
and integrating improvement throughout all the necessary processes. 

 Completed Lean projects to increase overall efficiency by upto 30% by implementing automation and 
empowerment at customer touch point. 

 Initiated regional Service projects and National Projects for the Circle successfully. Championing Process 
Improvement and Customer Experience Projects. 

 Championed Customer experience campaigns for circle, provided analytical support and track customer 
experience journey.  

 Cross functional coordination across verticals such as sales, support, business operations, product marketing 
during various phases of service lifecycle. 

 Facilitated group meetings with project stakeholders across multiple sites for Centre of Excellence; recommended 
training programs for new joiners’; ensured that trainings delivered to the team were put into effect and feedback 
was given on the program success thereby ensuring a transparent review of acquired talent 

 
Awards and recognition   : 
 
 Recognised as ‘Best Operations Support Manager for 2017-18 nationally.  

 Awarded with ‘Best Performer Award’ 2016-17 for the contribution in achieving Circle Target by 150%. 

 Bagged an award at the National Level for ‘Best Operations Support Manager‘ 2012-13 

 Accorded with ‘Megastar Award’ for best practice of project management that got adopted at National Level. 

 Awarded ‘Vodafone Start’ 12 times (A monthly R&R program) for successful project handling. 

 Played a significant role in successfully organising CXX Reviews at Vodafone Global Accounts involving C Level 

Executives- 

 Appreciated for delivering quality projects on improvising call centre matrix and performance, service desk at 

Vodafone Global and National accounts 
 

Projects handled. 
 
 Circle Project Lead and Core team member - CRM Transformation Project (SIEBEL CRM), BRD, feasibility, UAT. 

(2016 to till 2018) 
 Circle Project Owner for GST Documentations, implementation and Execution, E2E. 
 Circle Project lead Enterprise BackOffice – BackOffice transition from Circle to a centralized unit. 
 Core Team member for new billing system project for post-paid (AMDOCS) and NMNP. 
 Core Team member ‘Project Unify”-A program to consolidate all standalone systems/applications for process 

efficiency - Genisys  
 Core Team member for “CPOS” – Was part of the core team from BRD, testing, UAT and Go Live for centralized POS. 
 Circle Project lead “Project Rectify”- A National Project to collect, consolidate, document and update Account level 

information PAN India. 
 Project Owner “Document Warehousing” – Lead manged the project to re-verify CAFs and supporting docs to 

comply with the telecom regulation norms.  
 Enterprise SPOC of all Backoffice operation, Virtual service relationship management and SLA management  

 
 

P R E V I O U S  E X P E R I E N C E  
May’03 – Feb ’04 with Ma Foi management Consultant Limited (Deputed at  Venture Infotek Pvt Ltd.) 

 
Designation: 

 May’ 03 – Feb 04 Call Centre Executive     
 

Responsibilities- 
 Handling Inbound calls  
 Responsible for delivering quality standards as per the company norms. 
 Insuring Sales targets are met as per the targets assigned.  
 Handle escalations, record VOC /Customer Complaints and update the management team. 
 Train and Coach new team members.   

P E R S O N A L  D E T A I L S  

Date of Birth:    22nd Dec 1980 

Marital Status   Married  

Language Known:  English, Hindi, Urdu & Tamil 

Address:   Flat no S2, 23/53, Sabapathy Street,  

Sembiam, Perambur, Chennai 600011 


