







































G. GOWTHAM
3, Mullai Nagar,
Koothapakkam,
Cuddalore – 607002.
E-Mail: architectgowtham@gmail.com
Mobile: +91-8940657958

Objective

To acquire a position that affords me the opportunity to bring my technical experience, 
problem solving skill, creative knowledge and willingness to learn to make an Organization 
successful.

Working Experience

 From August 2016 to till date - Working in Wipro limited as an officer in on-boarding 
process (Carillion UK HRO & Payroll), Chennai.

 From December 2014 to January 2016, - Worked as Customer Support Associative (CSA)
in HDFC Bank Back Office Operation Department at Reliable Business Solution And 
Services Pvt Ltd, Chennai 

 From May 2014 to August 2014 - Worked as Customer Care Executive(CCE) in Samsung
(Home Appliances) Voice Process at Allsec Technologies  Ltd, Chennai

Work Role and Responsibilities

ONBOARDING UK HRO & PAYROLL

 Overseeing on-board processing for leading UK construction and service Management 
Company.

 Overseeing employee query resolutions within the agreed timelines.
 Creating and extending offer letter for graduate’s candidates joining Wipro UK, 

extending offer to experienced hires.
 After accepting the offer by candidate sending acceptance acknowledgment email to 

them.
 Pre-employment checks for graduates and experienced hire candidates.
 Creating employee number and hiring the candidate on oracle.
 Doing welcome call to candidate prior to joining date, preparing and sending welcome 

letter.
 Organizing medical checks for new hires as per the requirements by clients.
 Arranging company car for the new and internal hires as requested in the job offer.
 Background verification checks for all candidates.
 Right to work document checks for new hires.



 Follow up with Line Managers for start date confirmation for new hires to on-board into 
oracle and payroll.

 Handling the queries of internal and external employees.
 Meeting SLA, by making sure candidate has enough time to on-board.
 Creating and maintaining client report to submit to the client about status of candidate.
 Interacting with onshore recruiters about candidate via email, phone and building good 

rapport.

Confirming with onshore recruiter about the oracle creation for candidate and work council like 
line manager, training approver, career counsellor for candidate.

HDFC BANK BACK OFFICE CRITERIA

 Checking Two Wheeler Loan Eligibility For customer
 Checking Age Norms for Customer
 Checking CIBIL Match, Posidex Match and calculating BRE Score
 Based on KYC, checking Eligibility

SAMSUNG VOCIE PROCESS CRITERIA

 Solving the Customer Queries by Initial method as Troubleshooting
 Issue not solved then raising Service Request (SR),Technical service Engineer will 

Directly go and resolve the Problem and satisfy the customer Needs
 Call Opening script and Call closing Script should be followed and Accountability and 

Empathy is should be followed throughout in  the call

Computer Proficiency
 MS Word, Excel, Power Point Presentation
 MS Outlook

Tools 
 Citrix
 Base
 Peoplefluent
 Stellent
 Oracle



Professional skills

 Excellent Planning, Organizing and Leadership skills 
 Good analytical and Problem solving skills
 Good communication and Marketing skills
 Hardworking and Adaptability
 Flexibility and Time Management
 Excellent Creativity

Academic profile

 Completed B.E Civil Engineering at Tagore Institute of Engineering &Technology, Attur 
(2010-2014 batch) with CGPA 79.95%

 Completed 12th Standard (HSC)-Matriculation (2008-2010 batch) at Krishnasamy 
Memorial Matriculation Higher Secondary School, Cuddalore with 71.00%

 Completed 10th Standard (SSLC)- Matriculation in 2008at St Joseph’s Matriculation 
Higher  Secondary School, Cuddalore with 70.00%

Extra-curricular activities

 An active NSS volunteer in school level
 Participated in Many social service schemes and services
 Awarded as First prize in 100m running event & also in Foot Ball
 Participated and secured prizes in Dance Competitions
 Participated and won prizes in many drawing competitions in school level

Personal Profile

Date of birth : 01-07-1992
Father’s Name          :           R. Gunasekaran
Nationality : Indian
Languages Known : Tamil, English

Declaration

          I do hereby declare that the above written particulars are true and correct to the 
best of my knowledge and belief.

                                                           (G. Gowtham)

Date :
Place :                                              


