


















	                                                            
		Page 3 of 3    

	   			Page 1 of 3
Vaibhav Sansare


Phone: 9820946093 		                                                Email: vaibhav.sansare@gmail.com


Education
Degree/Course
Year of Passing

College/University

Post Graduate Diploma in Pharma Management
March,2007
Mumbai University, India
B.sc (Chemistry )
March, 2006
Mumbai University, India

technical skills
Data Base
Skill 
Currently working on RAVE Database, INFORM and HPQC (AZ-Medimmune)
Data Management Set-up and Conduct
Worked on Oracle Clinical database, UNIX & FTP server (Pfizer – Data Acquisition)
Loading of electronic data & QC of Lab Slips
MS Office
Skilled in MS - Office 


EMPLOYMENT HISTORY: 
Name of the Company
Designation
Address of the employer
From
To
Duration
Cognizant Technology Solutions
Data Analyst
Powai, Mumbai
July 2011
Till date
06 Months
Cognizant Technology Solutions
Jr. Data Analyst
Powai, Mumbai
July 2009
June 2011
24 Months
Cognizant Technology Solutions
Trainee. Jr. Data Analyst
Powai, Mumbai
July 2008
June 2009
12 Months
Caliber Point Business Solutions
Service Delivery Executive 
Mahape, Navi Mumbai
Oct 2007
July 2008
8 Months

PROJECT DETAILS
Project Title
AZ Med Immune (Set-up & Conduct)
Project Title
Pfizer Data Acquisition

CLIENT DESCRIPTION:
1) Working since Jan 2008 as a Data Loader in Clinical Data Management for ‘pfizer’ in therapeutic area of phase I, phase II and phase III.
2) Working since Dec 2009 as a Data Manager in Clinical Data Management for ‘Astra Zeneka-MedImmune’ in therapeutic area of phase I, phase II and phase III

Project Experience Summary
Client
Project
Domain
Role
Duration
AZ Med Immune (Conduct)
Clinical Data Management
Life Sciences
Team Member
(Data Management)
25 Months
Pfizer Inc.
Clinical Data Management
Life Sciences
Team Member
(Data Acquisition)
17 Months

ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES IN THE PROJECT: Pfizer CDM
Perform data administration activities.
Perform QC of lab slips and revert back with the findings to the client.
Send errors if any encountered to the client.
Follow-up and get resolutions for issues.
Provide personal metrics to the team lead for team metrics collation.
Adherence to Cognizant and Client SOPs.

AD-Hoc Activities: Pfizer CDM
Perform manual review of data listings for all modules.
	Perform the database cleaning activities prior database lock.

ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES IN THE PROJECT: AZ Med Immune (Set-Up)
Develop eCRF Review Manual and eCRF Instructions (for EDC studies). 
Review EDC Core Configuration against study requirements and assess need for any amendments.
As applicable, prepare the mock CRF, Unique CRF casebook and annotated CRF.
Create and maintain study Required Documents.
Create and maintain study CRF data standard document.
Creation of script for UAT in HPQC.
Create and maintain project and study Data Entry Instructions.
Perform UAT according to Validation Plan of all applicable Data Management systems.
Create and maintain Data Management Plan. 
Create and maintain Data Review Plan.	
Maintain Data Management related operational data flows.

ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES IN THE PROJECT: AZ Med Immune (Conduct)
Implement and promote the use of consistent, efficient quality processes to meet timelines and deliverables for the site based project teams according to specifications.
	Review and action queries on an ongoing basis and update database based on the query resolutions.

Review reports and take actions as defined in the DMP or eCRF review manual.
Provide listings for review to study team  as per the timelines defined in the DMP and process discrepancies found from reviews.
Perform ongoing and final consistency checks, review protocol deviation handling document and data listings to ensure that all data have been handled appropriately according to the DMP and eCRF Review Manual.
	Perform updates post database lock if any.
	Perform SAE Reconciliation between the Safety and Clinical study databases with supporting documentation. Determine whether inconsistent data points exhibit acceptable or unacceptable discrepancies.
Issue queries for data points that exhibit unacceptable discrepancies, including sending data correction request forms to the Client, document the status of events in a reconciliation spreadsheet, update the safety database and Update Project database with query resolutions, closing out queries. 
Support Quality control checks for the trial.
Ensure that all Data Management activities are conducted in compliance with relevant regulatory requirements.
Contact with study team, CRA, CPM and DMPL if required.
Schedule and attend Telecon Meeting with study team.
Enter Lab Normal Ranges in Rave Data Base.
Working on Inform Studies.

Additional responsibilities

Participate in knowledge sharing sessions as an when applicable.
Ensure adherence to Cognizant and Client SOPs.
	Ensure timely submission of timesheets/ functional tracking spreadsheets.
	Performing SME role for Vaccine studies and for entering LNR in RAVE.
	Proactively attending personality development training. 

PERSONAL DETAILS:  

Address: 		A/301, 3rd flr, Vinod Palace,
Near Panchmukhi Hanuman Mandir,
Near MNS office,
Opp. Hidusthan Bank,
Beturkar Pada, 
Kalyan (W)                               
Contact number: 	9820946093
E-mail address:	vaibhav.sansare@gmail.com / sansare_vaibhav1983@rediffmail.com                 
Marital status:   		Single
Birth Date:        		25 Nov 1983



