















































GAYATHRI KANNABIRAN


















                                             No: 12 A, G-1,Bhabha Flats,  
Mobile: +91-9500445075




                LIC colony, 3rd Cross Street 
Email ID: Gayathrikannabiran0@gmail.com                      


  Pammal,  Chennai 600075.
Objective 
Looking forward for a platform to utilize my gained experience, which would benefit my career and enhance my skills to reflect on the organization.
Professional Summary
Organization:



Capgemini India Pvt. Ltd

Designation: 



Process Associate – F & A – OTC

Year:




October 2016 – December 2018
Roles and Responsibilities in Capgemini
·   Handling Disputes Management process under Accounts Receivable
·   Analysing the customer query and provides the best solution to resolve the query 

·   Researching and resolving the  issues and follows up till the resolution. 

·       Ensure 100% to deliverables on timely manner.
·       Have been a SPOC for three Apac regions to manage the urgent emails
·      Handled the New Zealand regions volume individually and achieved the CSL
·      Managing all types of Invoice Adjustment on customer’s dispute
·      Maintain and validate customer information on the database.
Highlight in the Present Organization
·       Have obtained a star of the month award for the four consecutive  months
·       Taken the cross country training, to know about all the work  flows in the process
·       Have trained the  other agents in the expertise topic
·        I managed my team to give the productivity count
·       Have received the capgemini "pat on back reward for the effective support to achieve CSL
·       Have been a part of operation calls that happens every week

·       Extended support to other regions at the time of need.

Achievements
·   Have been recognized as the “Extra Miler” in the process 
Technical Skills
·             Experience in using Excel 
·             Exposed to 1Source(Invoice Adjustment Platform).
  Academics
· B.COM - Honours (2013-2016) 
   SDNB Vaishnav College for Women


                             76% Aggregate 
· HSC. (2012-2013)
  Sri Sankara vidhyalaya matriculation higher secondary school Chennai.   88% Aggregate 
· SSLC (2010-2011) 
    Sri Sankara vidhyalaya  matriculation higher secondary school Chennai              81%Aggregate                    

Key strength

· Strong verbal and written communication.
· Ability to capture and transfer knowledge 
· Social with peers and able to amend with any group
Personal Profile
Name



:
Gayathri kannabiran
D.O.B



:
11 Nov 1995
Gender



:
Female
Father’s Name


:
Kannabiran
Linguistics Skills

:
English, Tamil
Interests


:              Music 

                                                                                                
Nationality


:              Indian 
Declaration 
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Date:                                                                                                                         

Place: Chennai






 Gayathri kannabiran
