





































Curriculum Vitae

Curriculum Vitae

Mrs.Shashikala,










#84, 2nd stage, 



Vinayaka Layout, 

Vijayanagar,

B’lore-40


Mob : 98809-19218

shashikala.an@gmail.com
	Objective 



To obtain a position that allows me to utilize my extensive skills, expertise to pursue a challenging career in a progressive team environment.

	High Lights 


Dedicated, efficient and responsible professional.

Able to work with and maintain relations with staff and clients on all levels.

	Educational Qualifications


Graduation


:    B. Sc (PCM)




     (Batch: 1994-1997)
B.A In Hindi (Dakshin Bharath Hindi Prachar                         Sabha)

Additional Qualification    
:   1 Year Diploma course at NIIT 





     (Batch : 2001)

	Work Experience 


1. 1-Dec-2011 till Date :
Interactive Marketing Private Limited : 

Role : Assistant Manager Operations - Sales
Responsibility : 

· Managing the operations of inbound and outbound call center.

· Sales analysis.
2. 16th August 2004 till date 
BHARTI AIRTEL LIMITED (AIRTEL BROADBAND AND TELEPHOE SERVICES): 

The largest private sector integrated telecommunications services group in India in terms of the number of customers.

Current Profile in Bharti : Process Auditor.
Responsibility:

· Measuring the quality of login, resolution & Closure. 

· Instrumental in driving the respective functions to fill the identified gaps in process and take corrective actions.

· Collaborated with the functional heads in filling the gaps identified.
From 10-Dec-09 to 21-Nov-10: Self-service Spoc for south hub.

· Managing the Website related issues. 

· To enhance the website performance for a better customer experience.
From 1-Oct-07 to 09-Dec-09: Escalation Desk Team Leader
Responsibility: Taking care of 
1)  Top Management Escalation desk for south hub that includes login and working on mail tracker.
2)  TRAI, DOT cases & Consumer Forum cases. 

And 

Co-coordinating with the Functional heads for process correction/Process Implementation across south hub and at national level.

From 16-Aug-04 to 30-Sep-07

 Responsibility:

· Inbound call center- handling the customers Complaint / Request 

· Briefing the team daily on process change and product launch. 

· Analyzing issues of the calls received & sending issues to the manager every week to solve those issues. 

2.  December 18th 2003 till June 18th 2004

Spanco Telesystems & Solutions (Outsource for Tata Tele Services)

Responsibility:

· In bound call center – Attending to customers query, requests & complaints

3. 5th June 2003 to 15th October 2003

Smart Visions: 

Responsibility:

· To handle Petty Cash 

· To maintain production data

· To interact with clients for payments and order placing

	Fields of Interest


· Listening to music

· Cooking

	Personal Details


Husband’s Name
 :
Chandrashekar S.
Date of Birth

:
March 1st 1977
Linguistic Skills

:
English, Hindi and Kannada

I hereby state that the above-mentioned statements are true to best of my knowledge.

Place: Bangalore

Date:









(Shashikala)

