










































CURRICULUM VITAE

CURRICULUM VITAE

RADHA HARIBABU


EMAIL: radha.babu@yahoo..com



       



MOBILE: 9916100667

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Objective


Seeking a challenging position and be a part of a progressive organization that gives scope to enhance my knowledge, skills and reach pinnacle in this field with sheet determination, dedication and hard work.

Educational Qualifications

	Degree


	Institute
	University / Board
	Percentage of Marks

	B SC
	Pragathi Degree College for Women, Hyderabad.
	Osmania University, (AP)
	83%

	Intermediate
	Sarojini Naidu Vanitha Maha Vidhyalaya, Hyderabad
	Board of Intermediate Education, (AP)
	66%



	Board Of Secondary Education
	Z P High School, Hyderabad
	Secondary Education Board, (AP)
	78%


Computer Proficiency

Programming Languages            : C, COBOL, JAVA.

Databases   

                      : Oracle and SQL Server 2005  
Technologies                                  : HTML
Operating Systems                       : Windows 9X/2000/XP

Other skills                                    : MS Office Tools – Word, excel, Power Point etc.                                                 
Experience 
· Working as a Operations Executive  in Janalakshmi Financial Services Pvt. Ltd. Bangalore, Since Sep-2008 to till date.
            About  Company   :  Janalakshmi Financial Services is a  market-oriented  financial    institution servicing the microfinance needs of  urban India.  JFSL provides a range of financial services including savings, insurance, and pension to be offered to individuals and groups.

Roles and Responsibilities
I am responsible for,

· Credit inward files checking of various products in JFSL like SG, LG, EDL, EL, Gold Loan, Housing Loans etc.
· Preparing MIS.
· Uploading the individual customer details in M S Excel as well as in CBS (Core banking solution) and SFDC softwares.

· Uploading the daily cash and cheque collection entries in excel and CBS. 

· Performing cashier duties at the time of cashcollections and disbursements at Branch.

· Loan Payment processing and postings in CBS(Core Banking Solution).
· Reconsilation  of GL’s(Credits & Debits).
· Creating Acccounts and preparing documents for issuing the customers.
· Payoff processing and postings in CBS.
· Managing 7 branches in Karnataka.
· 2 years of experience as a Data Entry Verifier  in Apex Logical Data Conversions Pvt. Ltd. at Punjagutta, Hyderabad.
Nature of Job:-

· Data Conversion - Replacement of non-keyboard characters like Mathematical Symbols, Currency Symbols with some specified Codes. Differentiating Article Names, Article Type, Title of Article, Authors of that particular Article and Page Numbers (Range) of the Article.

· 8 months of experience as Quality Analyst in Foerster Bhupathi Consultants Pvt. Ltd. at Saifabad, Hyderabad.

Nature of Job:-

      Quality Checking - Quality checking of data entered by the Data Entry Operators Regarding Automobile Insurance Policy Information.
PERSONAL PROFILE:-

     Father                              

:                   B.VENKAT RAM

      Date of Birth                 

:                   07/02/1980

     Gender                     

:                   Female

     Marital Status              

:                   Married

     Languages Known  
 
:                   English, Hindi, Kanada and Telugu

     Personal Traits            

:                   Responsibility, Self-confidence and   

                                                                   
        Inclination to Hard working                                                               

I hereby declare that the information provided above is true to the best of my knowledge.
Date:    

Place:  Bangalore









Radha Haribabu
