














































1 | Page


      

         
2 | Page


SATHIYA RAJ G
Mob: +91 9176576700


          Email ID: sathiyarajwood@gmail.com


Career Objective 

Anticipating for the challenges in terms of technical and analytical skills in my profession, never lose my confidence and will power to enhance my ability towards success which contributes a lot in the growth of an organization as well as myself.
Work Experience

Currently working with DXC Technologies as a Software Engineer (Associate Professional Application Delivery). And I have 2.6 years of experience in MAINFRAMES domain since April 2015 to till date.
Career Summary/Highlights

· Working in a development team (LIFE Insurance LOBs) for the Client – Zurich Germany Insurance.
· Own key roles in developing and as a flexible resource in (Testing team, DFP Review Team and Gatekeeping Team).
· Good exposure in Project Development and Management activities.
Self Assessment- Positives
· Strong Technical and Communication Skills with a can-do and will-learn attitude.
· Ability to learn/understand new technologies, functionalities and tools quicker with minimal guidance.

· Builds effective working relationships with co-workers. Co-operative, shares information and supports others.
Education and certification

· Bachelor of Engineering (B.E) in Electronics and Communication Engineering from SRM Valliammai Engineering college, Chennai (2009 to 2013).
· Training program in Mainframe Technologies from Gowdanar Technologies, Bangalore (2013).
Technical Skills
Operating System

Windows, Z/os
Programming Languages
COBOL, DB2, JCL, VSAM, C basics
Tools



Tableau (Data visualization tool), QlikView (Data visualization tool), IBM Debug Tool, ENDEVOR, RATIONAL SYNERGY (Version control tool), SPUFI, FM
Project Experience:                                                                            
	Client
	Zurich Germany Insurance


	Domain
	Life Insurance

	Team
	ZDS

	Tool
	Mainframe

	Development hierarchy
	· Analyzing the requirements.
· Coordinate with external/Onsite/Vendor teams for DB (Database), DB Rules changes, real values.
· Development of code to implement the functionality.

· Develop and deliver Change Requests, Defects.
· Perform unit and Integration testing.

· Preparing result document and presentation.


Languages and Tools which used in the project
To convert business requirements into working code logics 
- COBOL, DB2
For Post production support, Error log monitoring, reporting
- JCL
Decode bugs during development phase, defect analysis 
- IBM Debug Tool
Data Visualization Tools                                                            - Tableau and Qlikview
Other tools 






- SPUFI, FM
Personal Information
Name 

          :      Sathiyaraj.G

Father’s Name
          :      Mr. Gopal

Date of Birth  
          :      18.11.1991

Gender   
                      :      Male

Languages Known            :      English, Tamil
Permanent Address           :      3/108, kalanur,

                                                 Jagadevi (po),

                                                 Krishnagiri- 635205.

Declaration
I, hereby declare that the above given information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear responsibilities for the correctness of the data.

Date:











Place:










(G Sathiya Raj)
	



