






































Supplier Name Contact Number 1 Pranav Dave – 07600021812


Abhishek Choudhary

E-mail: abhishekchoudhary005@gmail.com

             Mobile#: 09899304087
Objective : To pursue a challenging career with a progressive organization, which offers a conducive work environment providing an opportunity for professional growth and enables me to realize my full potential.

Self –Appraisal : Efficient time management. Handling multiple priorities and deadlines. Energetic and dedicated, with a demonstrated record of building strong working relationships with the team mates, as well as being able to work alone. Basic target in life is to be successful, and willing to work as hard and efficiently as possible for achieving this end.

Professional Qualification:

Course : Bachelor of Technology (Electronics & Communication)               

Academic Qualification:

	Degree/Certificate
	Institute
	Board / University
	Year of Passing
	%Marks

	B-TECH
	 ABES ENGINEERING        COLLEGE
	G.B.T.U (Formely U.P.T.U)
	2012
	65.8%



	12th standard
	SETH ANANDRAM JAIPURIA SCHOOL
	I.S.C
	2008
	74.6%



	10th standard
	SETH ANANDRAM JAIPURIA SCHOOL
	I.C.S.E
	2006
	77.8%


Certifications: Cisco Certified Network Associate(CCNA CSCO ID#12295977)

· CCNP Switching (cleared)

Work Experience: Total Experience is of 33 months out of which 28 Months in Network support /Service Desk through Remote ,dealing with International ISPs/Clients over call for resolving the issues
5 months experience Application/outlook/AD Support over calls and chats and email.
Current Organization: HCL Technologies
Training Join date:  26 June 2015 to 27 January 2016 (CCNA/ CCNP (switching))
Project Assignation Date  : 28th Jan 2016- till date.
· Job Responsibilities: Working as ANALYST  in project  GNOC(CLIENTS:Electrolux,Saint Gobain Mtaas).

· Providing Network support to various clients managaing LAN and WAN trouble shooting of P1,P2,P3,P4  issues. Creating tickets of various severity. Acting as POC for the concerned clients 
· Knowledge of TCP, SMTP, TELNET, SSH, PORT Numbers. Basic LAN configuration- VLANS, Trunks, Ether-channels. STP, SPAN, 
· RSPAN, inter VLAN routing. IP source guard, private VLAN, port security. 
.


Last Organization – IBM India Pvt ltd.                                                                           26 Aug 2014 to12 Jan 2015
Designation–Technical Support Representative 
Job Responsibilities: Providing Application Outlook and Desktop Support to clients on calls.Handle various types of network and desktop issues and raising tickets for the clients.

· Strong aptitude in OS repairs, spy ware and virus removal, hardware, upgrades and troubleshooting

· Experience with basic Active Directory administration and support

· Able to work within time constraints and follow set processes and procedures.

· Customer focused, a team player, and able to work on multiple tasks with minimal supervision.

· Experience working with an international support team

Last Organization – Eljay Engineering India Pvt Ltd:                                              16 August 2012 to 12 August 2013

Designation – Associate Network Engineer. .
Domain– NOC Operations, Voice Services.

Job Responsibilities :

· Have worked on Alert Management (handling p1,p2,p3,p4 issues) as per strict SLA and Verifying and


troubleshooting alerts triggered from  Cisco routers,Switches.

· Worked on various Networking tools like Spectrum, Prognosis, NAS, CA service desk.

· Registering Cisco CIPC phones.

· Have handled client calls and opening the case with the service provider.

· Troubleshooting CPU & Memory related issues.

· Major clients for which i have worked are FV21 store,Associa,CMHS,DFW,etc.

Soft Skills:   

· Good Leadership and Management skills.

· Effective Interpersonal & Communication skills.


