

















































Name




ANIKET SANJAY PATIL

	  Phone No
	+91-8459104128

	  Email-ID
	aniketpatil3728@gmail.com




Experience summary

· Have 1 year of IT experience as a Jr. Software Engineer on Java technology in Creoinvent Technologies Private Limited.

· Have 1.5+ years of IT experience as a Software Engineer on Java technology in Yardi International Software Private Limited.

· Good Knowledge of Core Java, Struts2, Spring-Core, Hibernate4,MySQL 

· Pursued BE(Bachelor of Engineering) from Sinhgad Institute of Technology, Lonavala.



Software/Languages/Databases

	 Web Skills
	HTML, CSS, JSP, Bootstrap, JavaScript and Jquery

	 Programming languages
	Java

	 Application/Web Servers
	Apache Tomcat 

	 Operating system
	Window and Linux (Ubuntu)

	 Database
	MySQL 5.0 and Oracle

	 Configuration Tools
	Hibernate4, Spring-Core, Struts2 and JPA

	 Tools
	Eclipse LUNA 4.4 and Eclipse Kepler.






Work History 
	
	Company:
	Yardi International Software Pvt. Ltd. 
	
	

	
	Duration:
	3rd July 2016 – 16th Jan 2018 
	
	

	
	Position:
	Software Engineer
	
	

	
	Company:
	Creoinvent Technologies  Pvt. Ltd. 
	
	

	
	Duration:
	3rd  June 2015 – 1st July 2016
	
	

	

	Position:
	Jr. Software Engineer.
	
	

	
	Project
	Payment Processor

	
	Client
	 Yardi Software 

	
	Duration
	1.5+ year 

	
	Technologies
	Technology: Java 7, XML, Struts2, Bootstrap, JavaScript and JQuery.
Operating System: Windows 10.  
Database: Oracle SQL Developer 4.1.1
Application/Web Server – Apache Tomcat 8
IDE: Eclipse Kepler Service Release 1

	
	Project Synopsis
	       Yardi Payment Processor automates the collection of fees and rents paid using credit cards and exchanges data with Yardi Voyager. The Yardi Finance Dept. (Finance) administers Payment Processor from the Yardi home office in Santa Barbara, California and clients do not access Payment Processor directly.

There are two typical implementations:
· The first associates one client merchant account with one or more of its properties and bank accounts. Each client can have multiple merchant accounts.
· The second associates, Subsidiary Merchant where Yardi master merchant account associates with a bank account and multiple clients, multiple properties and multiple bank accounts.  The sub merchant account contains ACH instructions used to send credit card remittances from the master bank account to client bank accounts.

Yardi Payment Processor supports 3 types of transaction types Credit Card, Debit Card and Interac transactions


	
	Responsibility
	Core Development and Issue Fixing.

	Project
	Human Resource Management System
	

	Client
	 Umed
	

	Duration
	1 Year
	

	Technologies
	Operating System: Window 7
Database: MySQL 5.1
Technology:  Java 7, Struts 2.3, JQuery 1.9,Javascript
                         Apache Tomcat 7.0
IDE: Eclipse LUNA 4.4
	

	Project Synopsis
	A Human Resource Management System (HRMS) refers to the systems and processes at the intersection between Human Resource Management (HRM) and Information Technology.

HRMS developed in order to facilitate consistant and secure data flow improving performance nand maintainability. Various modules are created to reduce manual work
	

	Responsibility
	1. Developed various reports using BIRT.
2. Design of the solution,
3. Developed module like Payroll, Training, Attendance Management,Employee. Leave and Performance
	



Education
· Pursued BE(Bachelor of Engineering) from Sinhgad Institute of Technology, Lonavala with 65%
· Pursued Diploma in IT from K. K. Wagh College, Nashik  with 81%

Personal Details
	  Name
	Aniket Sanjay Patil

	  Date of Birth
	19th/ June 1992

	  Address
	Vishnu Niwas, Chaugaon Road,
Satana
Nashik- 423301 (Maharashtra)


	  Phone No
	+91-8459104128


	  Email-ID
	aniketpatil3728@gmail.com







 Page 4
