












































CURRICULUM VITAE

Malavi Ashok,
C/o Sarat Chandra Bose Potduri,
Plot No. 54, 

Anjana Nivas, Ground floor,

Sri Venkateshwara Colony, 

Lothkunta, Secunderabad – 500 015.




                                                                          Ph: 91-9885290603
                                                                                            Email: malaviashu@gmail.com

OBJECTIVE:











To serve the company to my fullest capabilities taking up challenging assignments, enhancing interpersonal skills, sincerity, team spirit and diligence at work place that would lead to the fulfillment of personal and corporate goals.
PERSONAL SKILLS & STRENGTH:







· Willing to work hard and take challenges. 

· Good spirit and attitude with sound basics. 

education Qualification: 








	Academic performance
	Institution
	University/Board
	Year of Passing


	Percentage

	S.S.L.C
	Sacred Heart Convent School, Parichha, Jhansi, U.P.
	ICSE 
	2003
	56%

	P.U.C

(Commerce)
	Sree Siddaganga College for Women, Tumkur, Karnataka.
	P U Board, Karnataka. 
	2005
	71%

	B.COM
	Sree Siddaganga College for Women, Tumkur, Karnataka.
	TUMKUR University, 
Karnataka.
	2008
	77%

	M.B.A
(Finance)
	H.M.S Institute of Technology, Tumkur.
	VTU, 
Karnataka.
	2010
	66%


COMPUTER SKILLS:






                         
1. Tally – 9.0 certified course from InfoTech Education.

2. Handling SAP tool for accounts processing.

3. Computer Basic’s Course with good knowledge in Microsoft office.

ACHIVEMENTS:










1. Participated in Management Fest SCINTILLATE – 09 at Sri Siddhartha Institute of Management Studies, Tumkur.

2. Participated in Management Fest CHAKRAVYUHA – 09 at Shridevi Institute of Engineering and Technology, Tumkur.

3. Has been awarded as “BEST OUTGOING STUDENT” at H.M.S Institute of Technology, Tumkur.
PROJECT DETAIL:










            As a part of our academics, Project in FINANCE Area has been accomplished on the topic “RATIO ANALYSIS” at Dynamatic Technologies Limited, Peenya, Bangalore.

Project contains various Financial Ratios mainly Liquid Ratio, Profitability Ratio, Leverage Ratio and Turnover Ratio. Project has been utilized by the company to overcome the financial problems and also to increase the profitability. Had a experience of the management of the different departments practically has had only theoretical details.

WORK EXPERIENCE:










Worked as Process Associate in Capgemini B.P.O, Bangalore from Dec-2010 to May-2012.
Roles and Responsibilities:
· Releasing the Bank Statements from SAP by using the T-code.

· Taking the SAP Dump of the concerned accounts into the Excel by accessing the T-code.

· Clearing the matching line Items in SAP by using the T-code.

· Sending the query to the On-shore regarding the Open Line items and trying to resolve the issues concerned to the Open Line Items with the help of On-shore.

· Preparing Journal Voucher and posting into SAP for some of the Line Items as instructed from On-shore.

Weekly activity:
· Preparing the Journal Voucher for some of the entries and posting them into SAP.
· Preparing the Bank Reconciliation Statement and sending the report to On-shore.

Monthly activity: 
· Preparing the Old Line Items reports with the ageing and sending to the Clients.

· Preparing the Bank Reconciliation Statement for the end of every month and sending the report to Client.

· Preparing the Journal Vouchers of different currencies like EUR, AUD, GPR and USD.

· Preparing the Global Treasury Account Report and statement of GTC (Global Treasury Account which will be useful for the inter company closing).
PROFESSIONAL ACHIVEMENTS:
· Completed Three Days of foundation course conducted by Capgemini Learning and Development Department in the month of March’2011. The Training course was regarding the basic accounting concepts, SCOA usage and regarding the Company profile.

· Awarded as the best performer in the team at Capgemini, for clearing the Old Pending Open Line items ageing more than 150 days.
· Completed One Day Training of Customer Satisfaction conducted by Capgemini Learning and Development Department in the month of August’2011. The Training course was all about the customer satisfaction and to meet the customer expectations.
· Completed Two Days Training of Excel Inter conducted by Capgemini Learning and Development Department in the month of November’2011.

· Prepared SOP and DTP of Bank Reconciliation, performing all the activities which may be day to day, weekly and also monthly in the SAP tool. 
Personal details:









Father’s Name:                                   Jayaram. R.
Mother’s Name:                                  Vinutha.
Date of Birth:                                      29-03-1987.
Nationality:                                         Indian.
Sex:                                                     Female.
Marital status:                                     Married.
Languages known:


English, Kannada & Hindi.

REFERENCES:










P. Vinod                                                                               
                   Shubha Rai,
Senior Process Associate,                                                             Senior Process Associate,                                                  

Capgemini BPO, Bangalore.                                                    Capgemini BPO, Bangalore.     

Email: pvinod@capgemini.com                                         Email: shubha.rai8@gmail.com
Contact No: 91-9845563975                                                    Contact No: 91-9902312510
Declaration:

I hereby declare that the statement given above is correct and true to the best of my knowledge.

Date:
Place:







      

    (Malavi)


