







































	Email    : usoundar@gmail.com
Mobile : 0 9239837107
	U SOUNDARRAJAN
	36/151/h9,Anna Nagar,

Thangamapuri Pattanam,

Mettur dam - 636402,

salem (DT),Tamilnadu.

	
	
	

	Key Skills
	SAS 9.1.3 version

Basic: Data sanity checks, Macro, Array, Sorting, Merging, Proc SQL, data extraction.
Advanced : Regression analysis,
Time series forecasting,
Cluster analysis.
MS Excel
Advanced Excel,

VBA programming, 
Macro.
MS Access
SQL,

Designing of database. 

	

	Academics
	Post Graduate Program in Management (PGPM) in Finance with CGPA 5.41 out of 9.
Unitedworld School of Business, Kolkata.
B.Tech in Chemical Engineering with 78 % (First class).
Kongu Engineering College, Anna university, Chennai.
Diploma in Chemical Engineering  With 74 % (First class)

Kongu Polytechnic College, DOTE, Chennai.
High School Certification  with 60 %

Core modules: Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry & computer science.
Government higher secondary school, State board, Mettur dam.
	April 2012
May 2008

April 2005

March 2003



	Professional Experience
	Union bank of India, Kolkata, Internship.
Responsibilities: Credit Analysis of a firm for loans sale, interpreted the balance sheet, P&L account of the firm. And I analyzed the credit worthiness of the firm using the financial ratios with the help of MS Excel.  
Dalmia Cement (B) Ltd, Plant engineer - Production.

Responsibilities: Performance monitoring 220 tons / hr of cement grinding unit and inter departmental coordination ensuring smooth execution of the unit. Daily production management and do Why – Why analysis.
Additionally I was responsible for Flash dryer and Roto-packer (project) to enhance the production capacity of cement grinding.

	April 2011 – July 2011
June 2008 – August 2009

	Certification
	National stock exchange Certification in Financial Market (NCFM)
· Investment Analysis & Portfolio Management. 

· Capital Market - Dealer’s Module.

· Derivatives Market - Dealer’s Module.

	

	Extra Circular Activities


	Participated in National Business Olympiad conducted by IIM-A. 

Performed in Trade Buzzer held at UnitedWorld School of business, Kolkata.

Organized a National level symposium in Under Graduate.
National Cadet Corps (‘B’- Certificate).

KABADDI- Runner in Anna University Zonal level.

	

	Interest & hobbies 
	Badminton, Chess, SU-DO-KO
	


