
































Page 1 of 4 
 
 

 

RESUME 
 

 
Suriyanarayanan 
+919043948348 
ksuriyanarayanan.shr@gmail.com 

 

OBJECTIVE 

 
Seeking a challenging and rewarding career in ERP as SAP consultant where I can contribute my 
knowledge and skills for growth and development of the organization. 

 

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY: 
 

 Playing the role of SAP ABAPer
 4.5 years of working experience in SAP ABAP 
 Sound knowledge in RICEF object development models 
 Good knowledge in SAP HR and SAP SD Module 
 Well exposed to SAP upgrade 
 Worked in Development, Support and Enhancement projects 

 

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION: 
 
Bachelor degree in Computer Science from Madras Institute of Technology, Anna University, 
Chennai, India – graduated in August 2012 (Cumulative GPA:6.3). 
 

 

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY: 
 
Company Name : Cognizant  
Job Title :  Consultant 
Division : SAP Managed Development Services  
Industry : Information Technology Services 
Date Joined :  November, 2012  
Duration : November, 2012 to present  
Work Location  : Chennai, India. 

 

SKILL SET: 

 
SAP ABAP Skill Set: 
 

 Data Dictionary 
 Reports, ALV (Normal and OO ALV) 
 BAPI 
 Enhancements (BADI and User Exit) 
 Script and Smart Forms 
 IDOCs 
 Conversions (BDC and LSMW) 
 Webdynpro



Page 2 of 4 
 
 
 

 

CONSULTING PROJECT EXPERIENCES 
 
1. July 2014 – Till date: 
 
Company : The Clorox Company, US and ATLAS   
My Role : SAP Consultant 
 
ABAP Responsibility: 

 
 Created many custom tables along with table maintenance generator. Applied 

validations through TMG events. 
 Added custom fields by APPEND structure to sales order tables. 
 Developed reports for country-specific taxation using XML transfer to the Government 

Website. 
 Created a report that automatically post invoice documents. 
 Created many ALV reports (both normal and interactive) using function module and 

converted the spool output into PDF. 
 Developed class to display ALV and send the report to mail recipients. 
 Developed a report to mass update the sales order details. 
 Created internal table dynamically and displayed it in ALV.
 Worked extensively on sales order and billing user-exits, MV45A*** and RV60A***. 
 Implemented BAdi’s BADI_FDCB_SUBBAS05 to add additional field in MIRO for 

facilitating Electronic Accounting. 
 Implemented implicit enhancement to update the internal order number in the 

purchase requisition creation for Third Party Order process. 
 Worked with BAPIs to update the custom fields in material master. 
 Used BAPI BAPI_SALESORDER_CREATEFROMDAT2 to create sales orders along with 

custom fields created in Additional Data tabs. 
 Good experience in handling pricing condition routines and output control requirement 

routines. 
 Worked on extract programs during migration of SAP HR to WORKDAY.
 Worked on reprocessing the failed inbound IDOCs. 
 Worked on extension of standard IDOC segments and manipulating data to those custom 

segments.
 Modified Smartforms for billing documents and Sales order based on the new 

requirements and implemented barcode for shipping and delivery number. 
 Created BDC programs (both session and call transaction) to post accounting documents, 

sales deal, etc. 
 Created LSMW to maintain the plan data for transaction code PP02 via batch input 

session. 
 Involved in developing Technical specification by understanding the Functional 

requirements.
 Very good in debugging and troubleshooting techniques. 
 Worked closely with functional consultants from requirement gathering to implementation. 











 
 




Page 3 of 4 

 
 
 

2. April 2016 – Till date: 
 
Company : PETSMART   
My Role : SAP Consultant 
 
ABAP Responsibility: 

 
 Worked on reprocessing the failed inbound IDOCs. 
 Created few custom fields to the existing custom table and changed the primary key 

fields to improve the performance of existing program.
 Created a program to automatically reprocess the FI related IDOCs. 
 Prepared Knowledge base documents for frequently occurring incidents.

 
 
 
 

3. December 2012 to – July 2013  
 
Company : United Nations, US 
Project Name  : UN-UMOJA  
My Role : ABAP Consultant 
 
Responsibility : 
 

 Preparation of technical specification documents based on the functional specifications. 
 Developed Webdynpro Applications for updating the bank details of employees and 

transfer of an employee within organization, changing the designation of an employee 
and termination of an employee using WebDynrpo Application. 

 Worked on simple changes in Adobe Forms (non interactive)
 Worked on hook methods as well as methods defined for custom action. 
 Worked on Assistance class
 Worked on controlling various parameters of the objects like visibility, text, input enabled 

based on roles. 
 Prepared Unit Test cases and performed the same. 

 
 
 
ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE: 
 
Jan 2013 – Till date: 
 

 Part of a development team for a tool that minimizes the effort required for understanding 
the functional configuration in a SAP system (Reverse Engineering Tool).

 Developed multiple extraction reports from configuration tables for this tool. 
 Prepared technical solution for all the modules in the tool. 
 Part of a development team for IDOC and Background job monitoring tool. 
 Conducted training on basic concepts of Webdynpro for the freshers.


 
 

ACHIEVEMENTS 
 

 Awarded ‘Above and Beyond the Call of Duty’ for taking care of critical incidents. 
 Awarded ‘Associate of the Quarter’ for outstanding overall performance. 
 Awarded ‘Stellar Success’ for completing a project single-handedly. 

 
 

 



 

Page 4 of 4 

 

 
TRAININGS ATTENDED 
 

 3 months full time ABAP training 
 Webdynpro ABAP 

 

 
GENERAL 
 
Name : Suriyanarayanan K 
 
Date of Birth : 21 August, 1990 
 
Gender : Male 
 
Nationality : Indian 
 
Languages : English and Tamil 
 
Marital Status   : Single 
 
Hobby : Music, Sports. 


