


















































Name: Sushma P Kamble

Phone No: 7219238113

Email Id: sushk4040@gmail.com


Objective:


Seeking a challenging and rewarding opportunity as Testing Engineer with an organization that recognizes and utilizes my potential and analytical & technical skills.


Summary:

· Around 1 year 2 month of experience in Manual Testing.

· Worked on Web Application and Game Testing.

· Experience in test case writing and execution.



Summary of Work Experience:

	●
	Company
	   : Qualitas Global QA Lab, Pun.

	●
	Date of Employment
	   : July, 2017 till now.

	●
	Designation
	   : Jr.Test Engineer.




Technical Skills:
	●
	Programming Languages
	: JAVA, C, C++.

	●
	Automation Tool
	: QTP, Selenium IDE.

	●
	Database
	: SQL Server.

	●
	Platform
	: Windows XP, Windows 7.




Educational and professional credentials:

	BTech (Computer Science)
	2016
	Shivaji University
	66.00%

	DIPLOMA (IT)
	2013
	MSBTE
	76.00%

	HSC
	2009
	Maharashtra State Board
	62.00%

	SSC
	2007
	Maharashtra State Board
	74.00%








Professional Experience:

Project Title: ​ICC Pro Cricket.

Project Description

ICC Pro Cricket is a Mobile Game which Plays on Platforms like Android with a version 6.0.0 or higher.


Roles and Responsibilities:

· Understand the requirement for the application and deriving Test Cases. Finding the Defect while playing the Game.

· Defect Reporting.



Project Title: ​Image Tracking and Annotation.


Project Description


P​allas Ludens delivers an end-to-end data annotation service. This ensures optimal quality in every step of your image processing project. The aim of project is image processing with crowd sourcing. The technology has been thoroughly tested in prototypes and has been awarded the best paper award at the International Conference for Vision Systems in 2013.Pallas Ludens delivers an end-to-end data annotation service. This ensures optimal quality in every step of your image processing project.


Roles and Responsibilities:

·  Work Profile and Responsibilities: Reporting any issues faced, to the QA    manager.
·  Preparing testing documents and test case execution.

·  Participated with the team members in various modules’ discussion.

·  Before time completed the task and got appreciation from the client.

·  Requirements understanding and coordinating with the client



Personal Information:

Current Address		: Jagtap Complex, Near Kharadi by Pass, Pune.
Permanent address		: Post Omerga, Taluka Omerga Dist. Osmanabad
Date of Birth			: 13/09/1992.
Gender			: Female
Languages Known		: Marathi, Hindi and English.
Marital Status			: Single




I hereby declare that the information given above is true to the best of my Information knowledge belief.






Date:	Signature:



